Tarrant Hightopp knows precisely of what the White Queen speaks. Years ago, before his heart had been broken and burnt beyond recognition, he had submitted himself to this Crown; he had opened his heart to the Queen; he had viewed hers. (And on the day of the Jabberwocky’s attack, he had turned to her without hesitation for he had Known that there would be no Underland without this noble heart to look after it, to nurture it, to shelter and guide it. He has never regretted that choice... only the fact that he had not been capable of doing more to save the others...) Yes, this Crown knows him and he knows it. He remembers the frightening rush of emotion that is not one’s own... He recalls the utter openness this artifact forces upon the supplicant... 

It had frightened him then, as he had experienced it. He had not been prepared despite all the warnings the Queen had given him.

“Are you sure you wish to be employed at the White Court?” She had asked more than once. 

Only when he had touched the Crown and given over his heart for her inspection had he truly understood her hesitance. Especially in the face of his calm assurance. His arrogance. 

Tarrant stares at the Crown, gleaming like a knowing grin in the silence, and takes a deep breath. He fists his hands. Yes, oh yes , he and this Crown have met before. 

And he fears it now more than ever.

If he touches it as the Queen is inviting him to... why, Alice will be able to feel everything – every emotion, every heartache, every hope, every wish, every dream, every fantasy – and she will feel it all at once. He will not be able to hide his fear of himself or his lust for her or his terror that she will leave him or his fascination with her bravery. It will all be there in one tangled, indigestible mass of Love-Want-Fear-Need! 

She will feel the strength of his love for her, the very love that he fears will frighten her, push her away, incite a denial of his Suit... 

He cannot lose her! They have just become friends once more and laughed and giggled and joked and teased together! He cannot...! He must not...! Must... not...! 

“Fez!” Alice hisses and Tarrant startles. He looks up from his hands, which are gripping the sides of the pedestal with such force his entire upper body aches. He shakes his head, draws a deep breath, and tries to continue to ignore the audience still gaping shamelessly at the pair of them.

He manages a tremulous smile, which Alice cautiously returns. For an instant, he simply looks at her, studies her too-tame, too-elegant hair, the apprehensive gleam in her hazel eyes (is she nervous because he had nearly lost control again or because the situation itself is nerve-wracking?), the slight upward curve of her lips.

This woman before him, Alice, The Alice, their Champion, his Intended... Here, now, he has the chance to Look into her heart. To See if it possesses any crumbs of romantic feelings for him at all. Of course, as he learns of her feelings, this woman who holds his metaphorical heart in her hands will learn of his... 

Yes, he decides as his brows twitch and his gaze drops to the Crown again, eloping probably would have been better. Tarrant promises to give Alice’s suggestions more careful consideration in the future and sternly reminds himself of where he is and that the memory of that morning tea is Not Welcome here and now!

“Alice,” he whispers, despite the dozens of pairs of ears listening in. Alice leans toward him and he sees a weakness in her he has never noticed before. A frailty. She does not know what to do. Her gaze is hungry for direction. He cannot give it, for there are no directions to be had. There are only two choices: All or Nothing. “The Crown in very... thorough. If there is anything you do not wish to share with me, we must decline.”

She blinks once, wets her lips, takes a slow breath. He watches her gaze lower, watches her hands curl around the edge of the pedestal, mirroring but not touching his. “I think...” she begins with extreme care, as if tiptoeing her way through Thackery’s kitchen at brillig. She raises her gaze to his and replies, “I would like to. I would like to know.”

The curiosity and determination and muchness in her eyes nearly sends him to his knees. It should not be like this! he despairs. This should not be an undertaking driven by such easily regrettable motives! It should not be her stubbornness but her generosity that decides her. 

This will be a mistake. A horrid mistake. She will realize it the moment their fingers brush against the warm, living metal.

Perhaps Tarrant has forgotten how very hard making Tough Decisions is. Perhaps he is out of practice. Why does this decision feel harder than the one he’d made in an instant at Iplam all those years ago? Or the one he’d made at the river’s edge with the Red Guard closing in? He feels as if his chest is being torn open, as if his heart is being squeezed from his chest, as if the Crown will not permit him to escape its presence whole. 

Slowly, he takes a step back.

He cannot allow Alice to do this. He cannot permit himself to hope that she loves him as he needs her to. He cannot risk her rejection (and there is Much to reject, lurking in the dark corners of his heart) for mere curiosity. 

Tarrant turns toward the Queen, shaking his head, trying to wrangle all the words he needs in order to express both his appreciation and innate unworthiness of this opportunity, this Gift... when a hand on his wrist stops him. He looks down at the perfectly sized Alice fingers curling gently over his cuff. He pauses, stops, freezes.

“You said I...” She pauses, swallows, tries again, “You implied it would always be... permissible for me to reach out to you...”

And she is Reaching Out now. 

“You do not know what you are asking for,” he mouths, mindful of their audience.

“That’s the trouble,” she agrees. “I don’t.”

And she wants to. He can see it in her eyes now. There is strength behind her curiosity... or, perhaps, it is burgeoning desire. He should shake off her hand, turn on his heel and leave. He should. 

But she may not forgive him for leaving her here with her questions unanswered and doubt swarming her thoughts. It will damage Alice if he leaves.

It will only break his own heart if he stays.

Given the two, he knows which is – by far – the most important, which must be preserved and protected at all costs. 

He stops resisting. He gives in, turns back to face her fully, and nods. Only then does she remove her hand from his wrist.

“Shall I hold your hat?” the Queen softly interjects.

Without a word, he presents it to her. The battered and often-snagged sash slips through his fingers. He prays he is not making a mistake. Or rather, he hopes this will not be a bigger mistake than turning away from Alice would have been. 

He may never know.

He resigns himself to that, centers himself.

“Now, think of each other and touch the Crown,” the Queen gently instructs.

Think of Alice. Of course he will think of Alice. When does he not think of Alice? Especially recently? He spares a fleeting thought for their unfinished Courtship, for their future – What will become of us now? – and lifts a trembling hand. 

Alice follows his lead, mirrors his movements.

He looks up, into her eyes, and touches his bare fingertips to the Crown.

CURIOSITY... 

Yes, of course that would be the first thing he would feel from Alice. Given the circumstances.

DESIRE... 

The strength of it makes him blink, makes him shudder. She had not been White Lying earlier when she had confessed to finding him irresistible.

POSSESSION... 

He sucks in a breath at that. He never would have expected that she would feel so strongly about keeping him! 

CONFUSION... 

Yes, there are many things to be confused about. He examines the emotion delicately but, in the end, lets it pass by. Emotions do not concern themselves with explanations as to their origin and impetus. They exist. Nothing more.

CARING... 

He closes his eyes in relief, lets out a long breath. She Cares for him. Of course she does. Had she not uttered the word Fez just moments ago, proving that not only does she Listen to him, but she wishes to see him happy, safe, and wholly himself at all times? 

RESPECT... 

This surprises him, causes his eyes to open, to stare into her own. He had not expected that she would hold him in such high esteem. He is a haberdasher. He is Mad. He is without wealth or ambition. And she respects him for it. 

TRUST... 

He feels the burn and sting of tears at this. She should not trust him. Not with all that he could do... all that he thinks of doing... all that he fantasizes doing... She should not trust him at all! And, no doubt, after their hearts have bled themselves dry through the Crown, that will change. Many things will change. It is the cruelest torture of all to Feel her warm and deeply moving regard for him... and then have it whisked away in the next instant! She will not forgive him for his rabid Need for her. She will not... should not... He had known the risks when he’d agreed to show her his heart, after all... He should not dwell on what has been found and lost. 

And then...

Tarrant unthinkingly chases the following, fleeting sensation over the curve of the Crown’s jewel-studded white gold surface with his fingertips. It slips through his grasp, trickles away, and he is afraid he’ll manage to convince himself he had not felt it at all.

But he had . 

He had felt... a warmth that had not been Love. Not... quite. 

Tarrant’s fingers refuse to abandon the wisp of feeling and they circle the Crown until he finds Alice’s hand in his own. He brushes his callused, chemical-stained thumb over the backs of her fingers, marveling.

True, she does not Love him. Not yet but... if he is careful... if she gives him a chance to overcome the darkness within himself... perhaps... if she is willing... she could . Alice could love him . 

“Alice,” he whispers, knowing he must apologize now, explain without hesitation. “What you felt just now...”

And the words scatter at the sight of her teeth digging into her lower lip, the sight of bright tears filling her eyes. She blinks them away and surprises him by returning his grip, clutching at his fingers, keeping him in her grasp. 

“I don’t deserve all of that,” she mouths on a ragged breath. “But I...” 

Her grip tightens on his battered fingers. His heart leaps into his throat. He can see it in her eyes:

She still wants him! 

Tarrant grabs a hold of the edge of the pedestal again. He doesn’t care if he’s making a fool of himself, grinning like the most brainless idiot in all of Underland. Alice wants him , despite the overwhelming weight of his Love for her and the unignorable urgency of his Need and Want and Desire and the unpredictable terrifying strength of his Madness... Let the courtiers giggle at him. He cannot bring himself to care. 

He barely notices when something long and soft is draped around his shoulders. He does blink , however, when a familiar length of salmon-pink satin is placed over Alice’s shoulders as well. Frowning, he turns away from Alice, his gaze searching the knowing expression on the Queen’s face. 

“It has been made quite clear to all,” the Queen says softly, “with the aid of the Crown, that the two of you are very well suited to each other. And it would give me great pleasure if you will accept my Favor.”

She reaches up and adjusts the sash that had, until moments ago, been wrapped around Tarrant’s ever-present top hat. “I have thought on it a great deal, and I have decided that the thing which the two of you need more than anything else in all of Underland – the very best Gift I am capable of bestowing upon you both – is nothing more and nothing less than each other.”

The crowd is forgotten. Tarrant’s awareness narrows to the slender hand gripping his own over the Crown and the Queen’s gentle expression.

“If you wish it,” she invites them with a gesture to the ends of the sash which dangle over Alice’s left shoulder and Tarrant’s right, “you may Tie The Knot here and now... and be wed.”

He feels his brows twitch and his face blank with surprise, alarm. This is too soon! Much too soon! Why, Alice has just learned of his True Feelings for her. She will not want to... She will not be ready to... She will pull away from him, refuse this commitment he has not even dared to dream of convincing her to give him...! 

Mouth dry, he watches as Alice turns toward the Queen and whispers, “Tie the knot?”

“Yes,” the Queen replies, speaking as if only the three of them are in the room, as if there is no crowd of rubbernecking witnesses only a few steps away. “That is how weddings are done here. A bride and her groom, together, tie a knot in a family sash around them. This – if I am not mistaken – was specifically loomed for the Hightopp heir, was it not, Hatta?”

He nods.

Satisfied with his mute response, the Queen summarizes, “This is my Favor, such as it is. I can think of nothing else that will benefit you both more. Do you accept?”

Tarrant stiffens and glances at Alice, who also glances at him. “Alice, we may politely decline,” he somehow chokes out around the pressure that is trying to shove his voice box down into his gut.

She looks at him and he realizes only after she glances at Mirana’s gently smiling face and then out over the sea of expectant guests that he had somehow neglected to offer her a reassuring smile. Her brows bunch toward the center of her forehead; her breaths are slow, deep, and even; her hand is still steady and her grip strong around his. Alice looks at the Crown, up at him – and, oh what he wouldn’t give to be able to hear her thoughts at this precise moment! – and then she gently pulls her left hand from his right.

“We just... tie a knot?” she rasps, her gaze flicking toward the Queen.

“Yes.”

Alice takes a deep breath and then slides the fringed end of the satin sash through her hand. Tarrant waits, breathless with anticipation, silenced by the tangled mass of all the things he ought to say to stop this, to beg for it, to... He clutches the forked end of the sash in his hand like it is a lifeline. 

He knows he shouldn’t but he can feel it: he is hoping Alice will find a way out of this for them. A way that does not injure their friendship. A way that will not be an End. A way that will make it possible for him to marry her... just not here. Not now. 

When Alice looks up at him, she smiles timidly and holds out her end of the sash in a suddenly unsteady hand. “Shall we?” she murmurs.

He nearly sobs. Nearly, but he does not, which is just as well: had he done so he is not sure if the exclamation would have been made from joy... or regret.

He cannot deny her, not when she is offering him this: this future. Their future. 

Again, he nods and then presents his end of the sash to her. With her left hand and his right, they carefully intertwine the ends of the sash, laying one end over the over, making a loop, pulling the end through, tugging it taut and then...

“Lords and ladies of the White Court,” the Queen announces. “Alice Louisa Kingsleigh and Tarrant Hightopp... have Tied The Knot!”

And then, to the sound of (perhaps reluctant) applause, Alice braces both hands on the pedestal, leans over the Crown... and kisses him.