Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Nine: Futa Slime Dominates the MILF
Summary: Things heat up at school for Shannon when the futa-slime gets angry at the dominating teacher!
Keywords: hF HhF HF inc oral facial D/s school MILF wife cheat tentacle alien scifi

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Shannon Mathers

My ass burned while my asshole clenched down on the Ruru-dildo that my teacher, Mrs. Seymour had shoved into my bowels before she preceded to spank me with a ruler. She wasn't happy that I had cum in the middle of class.

I thought I had been subtle when Ruru's speaking to me by vibrating in my cunt had set me off. It hadn't escaped this perverted dominatrix. I thought Mrs. Seymour was a married MILF teacher of English. A wife and a mother. Staid. Boring.

She was kinky. And I wasn't sure I was the first student she had disciplined like this.

That she had fucked.

She certainly wasn't impressed with my futa-dick. She called me demeaning names as she spanked me. Hurting me and disparaging my cock set Ruru over the edge. The futa-slime from Outer Space didn't realize how much I was getting off on this.

So she had... overreacted.

Now there was a pink, gelatinous tentacle thrust out of my asshole and gripping Mrs. Seymour's wrist, preventing her ruler from slapping down on my ass. I shuddered as Ruru spilled out of my asshole. I quivered as the futa-slime expanded to her full size.

W-what? gasped Mrs. Seymour as the futa-slime stepped out of my butthole. I looked back, seeing her swell from her compact form into a girl the same height as me. Because it was me. Ruru liked to look like me when she took on human form. What is going on?

You will stop hurting my friend, Ruru said. Her gelatinous body quivered. The heart in the middle of her pink body fluttered. It looked like a Valentine's day heart even though she was an alien. 

Some weird confidence?

You won't insult her or demean her or her amazing futa-dick! Ruru said. Do you understand me, Mrs. Seymour?

The ruler fell out of my teacher's hand and clattered on the floor with a wooden thunk. The teacher stared at the pink hand that now held her wrist. Then at the futa-slime standing before her. It was clear that she didn't know what to do.

You are a bad, bad teacher, said Ruru. You should never, ever hurt someone. That's just wrong. You're going to apologize right now by kneeling before Shannon and sucking her cock. Just drink all that cum. Okay?

Ruru released the teacher's wrist and stepped back. The gelatinous futa folded her arms beneath her round breasts. My breasts. They quivered with her anger. She gave the teacher such a hard look, her face twisted in fury. Her plastic pigtailsthat was the only way to describe the dark-pink hair she formedslipped off her shoulders. She had adopted my little sister Morgan's style.

I don't know why.

Now! Ruru snapped.

The teacher quivered, her eyes so wide. She stared at my futa-dick thrusting from the shaved folds of my pussy. I shuddered, my clit-cock twitching with my wild heartbeat. I was so excited. Mrs. Seymour was such a sexy MILF. She had dark-brown hair and big breasts that stretched out her blouse. I loved the pantyhose that clad her legs.

Mrs. Seymour sank to her knees and stared at my girl-dick. Her wedding ring flashed on her left hand as she grabbed me. She pulled my cock to her lips and opened her mouth wide. She apologized for welting my ass with that delicious oral cavity.

Mrs. Seymour, I moaned as her lips slid over the crown of my dick.

I shuddered from the pleasure of her hot mouth engulfing my futa-dick. She sealed her lips around my crown and suckled. She groaned as she tasted my copious precum. Futa-cocks leaked enough to fuck a girl in the ass without lube.

My pussy clenched at the delight of having my teacher blow me. It was a pleasure. I loved it so much. I was so glad that this was happening. I was cheating on my girlfriend again, but I just couldn't help myself.

It was so much fun being a futa.

Mrs. Seymour bobbed her head next. She worked her lips up and down my dick. She nursed on me with passion. My cock ached in her mouth. My pussy clenched as she suckled on me with hunger. My red hair swayed around my shoulders, and my round boobs jiggled.

Oh, my god, I groaned as that hot mouth worked up and down my clit-dick. The heat swelled in my pussy. My juices trickled down my thighs. I clenched my welted rump. Yes, yes, that's so good. You're apologizing so well.

She is? Ruru asked. Is she using her tongue?

Mrs. Seymour swirled her tongue around the crown of my dick, stimulating me. 

God, yes, I groaned, savoring the blowjob from my teacher. Suck my futa-dick, Mrs. Seymour.

Fuck her, purred Ruru. 

From her hips, four tentacles grew. One of them shot between my thighs and pressed up between them. A tentacle-dick nuzzled into my pussy lips. I shuddered at that delight. She rubbed her naughty shaft up and down my cunt before thrusting into me.

My pussy drank in her tentacle-cock. She plunged it in deep. My silky twat gripped it. Ruru shuddered, her boobs jiggling as she pumped away at my cunt. She was such a naughty alien. I groaned, savoring what she did to me.

The other three tentacles grew three digits. They were almost like the trunk of an elephant, able to grasp. They attacked Mrs. Seymour's clothing. As the MILF bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock, she was stripped.

Her blouse was unbuttoned by those three tentacles. Ruru smiled, her fingers twisting her gelatinous nipples, twisting them more than three-hundred-and-sixty degrees. In moments, she was pulling off the teacher's blouse.

A cream-hued bra held those large breasts.

That didn't stay on her long. As Ruru fucked her tentacle-cock in and out of my cunt, she undid the bra clasp with one of her tentacle-hands. My cunt clamped down on her thrusting appendage while my futa-dick ached in Mrs. Seymour's mouth.

The moment the clasp came undone, the other two tentacle-hands grabbed the straps and pulled them off the MILF's shoulders and down her arms. Her large breasts spilled out of the cups, dark-pink nipples hard and delicious.

My, my such a naughty shade of pink for your nipples, Mrs. Seymour, I moaned, my body trembling with the dual pleasures I enjoyed.

She winked at me, sucking hard on my girl-dick.

They are, Ruru said. Two of her tentacle hands grabbed her nipples. In moments, tentacle-mouths were sucking at those nubs.

Mrs. Seymour squealed around my dick. 

Goddamn, that's hot, I moaned as the naughty MILF suckled on me with hunger. 

She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick, sucking hard. The pleasure shot down my futa-shaft to my pussy being so thoroughly fucked by the tentacle-cock. That naughty appendage plunged up into my juicy cunt. I shuddered, savoring the heat.

It was incredible to feel it ramming into me. I savored every moment of her fucking me like that. I groaned, my face contorting with delight. The heat swelled in me with every thrust and her every suckle I would cum so hard into her mouth.

The MILF moaned around my cock, her mouth nursing on me with such passion. Her cheeks hollowed as she nursed. Ruru's tentacle-mouths suckled on the teacher's nipples, making her purr around my cock.

Oh, that's just amazing, Mrs. Seymour, I moaned. Ooh, you're going to be swallowing my girl-jizz.

The teacher whimpered, sucking with such passion. she nursed on me with all this delight.

You're going to make me explode, I whimpered. Keep sucking like that.

Yes, yes, make my friend erupt, Ruru purred, fucking my pussy harder with her tentacle-dick. 

This wonderful heat built and built in me. I would have such an amazing orgasm. My cunt clenched about her tentacle-cock. She churned me up as Mrs. Seymour nursed on my clit-cock. Her tongue danced around my spongy crown.

I shuddered with delight. My futa-dick throbbed in her mouth. She suckled hard, staring up at me with hunger. Ruru quivered beside me, ramming her tentacle-cock to the hilt in my cunt. The heat hit that wild peak in me. My ovaries burst.

My futa-cock erupted.

Mrs. Seymour! I howled.

I pumped my cum into the married teacher's mouth. My burning asscheeks clenched as the pleasure shot through me. My cunt writhed around Ruru's tentacle-cock, sucking on her. She jammed it deep into my pussy.

Oh, Shannon, she moaned, her gelatinous clit-dick twitching nearby. It thrust from her hairless folds. I'm going to cum, too!

Cum! I howled, spurting my jizz into Mrs. Seymour's mouth.

The futa-slime's pink tentacle-cock thrust to hilt in my spasming cunt. As her real futa-dick erupted and spurted cum on the side of the teacher's face, her appendage erupted in my pussy. I gasped in delight as that wonderful girl-jizz pumped into my pussy.

My cunt writhed and spasmed, celebrating this wonderful moment. I shuddered, my twat rippling and writhing around her futa-dick. It was so amazing to have her girl-jizz splashing into my cunt. I reveled in it. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my cunt writhing around her spurting tentacle-dick.

Ooh, so good, Ruru moaned, twisting her gelatinous nipples. I love it!

Mrs. Seymour suckled down my futa-cum as the slime's girl-jizz splashed across the side of the teacher's face. The hot spunk spilled down her cheek and fell in her dark-brown tresses. It was so hot. I trembled through my rapture.

I quivered through every moment of this wonderful fucking. I hit that peak of delight, my pussy rippling around Ruru's tentacle-dick. I massaged out all her spunk. I loved how it filled my pussy to the brim. It was just amazing.

Now you have to ride her cock and work that married pussy up and down her clit-dick! Ruru moaned. You're such a naughty teacher. You will take her cum in your married cunt. She might even breed you. That's what you have to do right now!

You tell her, Ruru! I moaned, my breasts rising and falling.

Mrs. Seymour slid her mouth off my cock and moaned, Yes, Mistress Ruru. I'll ride Shannon's cock with my married pussy and let her breed me.

What? I gasped in shock at her change of behavior. Where had Mrs. Dominatrix Seymour gone? Now she was so pliant, staring up at the futa-slime with dewy eyes. 

I will do whatever you command. You own me now. Not my husband. Do you wish me to divorce him? Or do you wish to cuckold me over and over again behind his back? Before his eyes? Do you want me to humiliate him as you fuck me with your wondrous futa-dick or your tentacles? Command me, Mistress Ruru.

My futa-slime blinked. We'll, uh, speak about that later. I did not realize you were a switch.

Yes, Mistress Ruru, moaned Mrs. Seymour. And you have topped me like no other. You're amazing! You just took charge. I don't know what you are, but you're wondrous, Mistress.

Don't you love your husband? I gasped, staring at her in shock.

What does that have to do with worshiping and obeying my Mistress, Shannon? She rose. Now get your naughty ass on the table right now. I have to ride your cock. Move it! We can't keep Mistress Ruru waiting!

I squeaked at the intensity in Mrs. Seymour's eyes. She was a switch. 

With Ruru's tentacle-cock still in my pussy, I jumped onto the desk and gasped at the pain burning across my rump. My futa-dick twitched with the intensity of it. My cunt clamped down on the gelatinous appendage in me.

I whimpered at the pain and the delight. I quivered there as my teacher shoved off her skirt and revealed she wasn't wearing panties beneath. She just had on her pantyhose that was soaked with her juices, her pussy lips shaved.

She grabbed her pantyhose and ripped them with ease. Her thick pussy lips came into full view dripping with her juices. She mounted the table. I gasped as she grabbed my futa-dick, guiding me to the tear in her stockings. She pushed me against her cuntlips.

Guess my cock isn't disgusting and good enough for your pussy, eh, Mrs. Seymour? I smirked.

If Mistress Ruru commands me to impale my cunt down the lowliest of cocks, I will, moaned the teacher and did just that.

Wait! I gasped as her pussy swallowed my dick. You just insulted my cock again.

Did I say it was lowly? she moaned, her cunt sliding to the hilt down my futa-dick. Oh, my, that is thick. Just such a big dick. Thank you, Mistress Ruru, for letting me enjoy this big dick. My unworthy pussy is honored to be stretched to my limits.

Your welcome, said the futa-slime. You ride her hard and make her cum. And don't be so dominating to her. She's my friend.

Of course, Mistress Ruru, moaned Mrs. Seymour, her pussy gripping my girl-dick.

Then Ruru's tentacle in my pussy changed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru the Futa-Slime

I changed my tentacle in Shannon's wondrous pussy, forming a mouth and tongue. I licked up my own cum pooling around her cervix. The salty flavor of my jizz mixed with the tangy delight of her pussy. She had such a yummy cunt.

I was so thrilled to lick at her. To gather up my cum and make her squeal in delight. She groaned, her cunt clenching down on me. As I did, I stretched my legs to give me a few inches in height so my clit-cock was lined up at the teacher's asshole.

She had a husband who owned her, but now she wanted me to own her. This was getting complicated. I would have to do something about this. Maybe I would go home with her instead of Shannon. She did want to spend quality time with her girlfriend and show off that futa-dick.

I pressed my clit-dick into Mrs. Seymour's butt-crack. She gasped as my gelatinous shaft slid into her crack. I found her asshole in moments. It was such a puckered hole. Just perfect. I loved it so much. It felt just delightful against me.

I thrust into her asshole. Her anal ring widened and widened.

Mistress Ruru, she gasped, her sphincter sliding over the crown of my dick. She had a well broken-in backdoor. Ooh, yes, yes, bugger my dirty asshole with your worthy dick. I am so honored to take your futa-dick and your cum.

I smiled. I liked that. This was such a wicked surprise. I had not expected to find this delight at Shannon's school. It was so worth coming here as a dildo even if that strange woman was around searching for me.

I popped into her asshole. She moaned her delight as I sank into her bowels. I felt Shannon's girl-dick in the woman's cunt. I licked at the depths of her pussy, drinking up the cum. Her twat squeezed around me while Mrs. Seymour's asshole clenched about my cock. She gasped her delight.

My tentacle-mouths nibbled on her nipples as I bottomed out in her asshole. I gripped her hips, loving her nubs with my appendages. The salty flavor of my futa-cum mixed with the tangy delight of Shannon's cunt in my other tentacle-mouth.

I loved this so much.

Mistress Ruru! whimpered Mrs. Seymour, her asshole clamping down on me.

I drew back my cock. She gasped, her asshole squeezing about me. Then I thrust into her bowels. I fucked deep and hard into her flesh. I pumped away at her, loving the velvety delight of her hole. She gasped then slid her cunt up Shannon's dick.

My friend moaned her delight. She gasped out with pleasure while the MILF rode her. As Mrs. Seymour worked her cunt up and down Shannon's dick, the woman's bowels squeezed about my futa-cock. It was such a delight.

I suckled harder on her nipples and licked at Shannon's cervix, gathering up the last of my girl-cum.

Oh, my god, you are just driving me wild, moaned Shannon. Ruru, that's incredible. You're tickling my cervix. Yes, yes, that's hot.

So is your big dick fucking my asshole, Mistress Ruru, moaned Mrs. Seymour. Yes, yes, I love your girl-dick.

She's an amazing futa-slime, Shannon panted. Just the best. I love this so much. Yes, yes, work that pussy up and down my cock, Mrs. Seymour.

The teacher purred her delight, her asshole holding tight to my thrusting dick. I rubbed my breasts into her back, loving how her silky skin massaged my nipples. I pumped away at her velvety bowels, my tentacle-mouths nibbling on her nipples. 

The married woman was such a treat to fuck. To share with Shannon. This world was such a delight. I was glad that I had broken out of my prison and landed on this wonderful world. It was just amazing to enjoy the delights.

I would fuck Mrs. Seymour hard. I would make her husband into a woman. I would have them as my own lovers, too. My own willing sex slaves. That would be so much fun. 

I pumped away at Mrs. Seymour's asshole, savoring these wicked fantasies playing in my mind. They were so naughty. My futa-dick throbbed, the pressure building and building at the tip. I hurtled towards my orgasm.

Shannon's pussy clenched about my futa-dick. She held it tight as she squirmed there. I could tell she was getting closer to cumming, too. Just so ready to erupt. She would have such a mighty climax. I was so thrilled for her.

So happy that she would get to cum and cum and cum.

Mistress Ruru, moaned Mrs. Seymour, her bowels clamping down on my futa-dick. May I cum on your wondrous dick, Mistress Ruru?

And my cock, gasped Shannon, her pussy getting so juicy around my tentacle. You want to cum on my futa-dick, too, right?

Yes, yes, I'll come on your dick, too! the teacher moaned, her bowels gripping my big dick.

I pumped away at her, my tentacle-mouth licking at Shannon's cervix. I loved her juices and the feel of the married MILF's hot asshole around my dick. She squeezed down hard on me as I fucked into her bowels with force.

I buried deep. Hard. I loved every moment of burying into her flesh. She squeezed down around me with that hot flesh. I savored every second of it. The pressure built and built in my ovaries. They brimmed with the cum that I would flood her with.

Please, please, please, Mistress Ruru, let me cum on your big futa-dick! Mrs. Seymour moaned, her bowels clenching about my futa-dick.

Yes! I moaned, my clit-cock savoring that wonderful sheath. 

Thank you, Mistress! she gasped and slammed her cunt down Shannon's girl-cock. Yes!

Her bowels spasmed around my girl-dick. She convulsed and writhed with such passion around my gelatinous shaft. I groaned as I buried into her anal sheath, loving how she suckled at me. My pussy drank in the heat, my juices spilling down my thighs.

Fuck! gasped Shannon. Mrs. Seymour. Take my cum! Take it!

Her pussy spasmed around my tentacle, rippling with her orgasm.

Yes, yes, you're flooding me, the teacher moaned, her asshole sucking on me. Mistress, flood my unworthy ass with all your cum. Baste my bowels with your wondrous futa-seed!

I'm almost there, I moaned and slammed my futa-cock to the hilt in her bowels and erupted.

The pleasure slammed through my mind. I gasped, my pussy writhing as I spurted all my girl-cum into her asshole. I loved that hot passion. It was such a thrill to pump my spunk into her asshole. I flooded into her asshole. It was incredible.

My pussy spasmed with such delight as her asshole milked my futa-dick. She suckled out all that spunk in my ovaries. I shuddered, rubbing my boobs into her back. I fired the last of my spunk into her asshole, panting with such delight.

Oh, my god, Shannon moaned, her pussy's ripples slowing around my tentacle.

Mmm, thank you for flooding my dirty asshole with your wondrous futa-cum, Mistress Ruru, groaned Mrs. Seymour. She looked at me over her shoulder.

I stretched my neck a bit and kissed her. She groaned, her lips melting to mine in such an exciting way. Her tongue thrust into my mouth. She swirled it around as she ground on Shannon's futa-dick. My clit-cock throbbed in her asshole.

It was such a hot delight to kiss the married woman. It was a treat to enjoy her passion. Her asshole clenched about me as our tongues danced together. I kissed her with such hunger. I loved every moment of it.

Uh, Shannon said. I was wondering. You're good at dealing with problem girls. Turning them into your sex slaves or something.

I broke the kiss with Mrs. Seymour. Answer her.

Yes, I do, said the teacher. I've made more than a few. Do you wish me to make any into sluts for you, Mistress Ruru? Perhaps Shannon?

No, no, she's my friend! I said. You will show her respect, or I will be very, very wroth with you.

Sorry, Mistress Ruru, she gasped, her bowels squeezing around my futa-dick. I am so humbly sorry for not being polite enough to your friend. I will fall to my knees and let you spank my ass until it's black and blue.

No, no, that's okay, I said. But this is your last warning. In fact, you will obey Shannon like she is me. Understood?

Yes, Mistress Ruru, she moaned, shivering. I will listen to Miss Shannon's words and obey her unless they contradict anything that you commanded me.

Nice, Shannon said. I want you to dominate that bratty Calista Santiago. She knows things about me I don't want her to blab. Plus, she's making trouble for my girlfriend.

Mmm, Raquel, groaned Mrs. Seymour. I rarely dom the lesbians. I like straight girls to eat my pussy. That is just the best thing in the world.

I bet it is, Shannon said. Well, Calista's a dyke or bi. Whatever she is, she's obsessed with me and annoying. I want her taken care of. Today.

I'll have to call out for the rest of the day, said Mrs. Seymour. Miss Shannon, can you lure her to the parking lot so I can take her to my place?

You're going to kidnap her? I gasped.

You say she is obsessed with you, I purred. I just need you to get her there. That will be it. Mistress Ruru, if you would please slide your cock out of my asshole so I can go to the office and call for a substitute teacher.

Sure, sure, I said and slid out of her asshole. This was such a shocking turn of events. Should I go with her, Shannon, and make sure that she tames Calista?

God, I want to come, too, Shannon said. I can skip some classes.

If that's what you desire, Miss Shannon, Mrs. Seymour said. That will make it easier to lure Calista out of school.

Just so long as I'm back for my last class so I can walk home with my girlfriend. Shannon grinned. We're going to make love tonight. It'll be so magical.

I liked this plan. It would help out Shannon, and this idea of doming that little brat was so appealing. Mrs. Seymour certainly had what it would take. I quivered in delight as I pressed myself into my friend's pussy, becoming a compressed dildo for her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stephanie Mathers

I still didn't understand what the alien had done to me last night that had taken the form of my middle child, Shannon. Other than she had made me into a woman that could grow a big dick with her clit. No longer a man.

Lieutenant Seabrook was nosing around. I was worried about Shannon. Having the government's attention wasn't good. And if that alien had worn Shannon's face, maybe she knew something about it.

I was half-tempted to go to her school and see her. 

But maybe my wife was someone better to see. She was a nurse. Maybe she could understand what had really happened to me. How I could be like this? It would be a shock for my wife, but she could handle it. Hopefully. 

I had to wear something. I ended up grabbing my wife's clothes. A bra, which felt so weird to put on and so hard to fasten. It was easy to unclasp another woman's bra, but fastening up your own was another matter. 

I managed. It held my tits fairly well.

They were so bouncy. It was so strange having them. Made me feel so top-heavy.

I drew on the panties, which really hugged my butt like nothing I had ever worn. I pulled on a sundress. Something easy to wear. I grabbed my wallet and put it in a skirt pocket. I hoped I didn't get pulled over. No cop would believe I was who my license said I would.

God, how was I handling this? How did you go about doing a sex change? Who did you have to see about it? I wasn't sure. This was such a mess.

Why would this alien make me into a woman? For what reason?

I headed down the stairs and out to my car. I wore a pair of my wife's tennis shoes. They fit okay. My shoes were too big now. I started my car and backed out of the driveway. I swallowed, so scared to be doing this.

My wife had to have the answers to the problem that I was facing. Nora would know what to do. She had to.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

I left Fanny Jennings nursing her newborn. After fucking the new mother, I had given her some tricks so she could breastfeed her new daughter. I felt so good. It was a wonderful delight being a futa-nurse. I was so glad that Ruru had fallen into my life.

I had no idea how to explain any of this to my husband. Stephen wouldn't understand why I had a big futa-dick. Could I hide it from him, or was it better just biting the bullet and letting him know I would be fucking lots of women, and our own daughters, with my futa-dick? There was no stopping me now that I had enjoyed this delight.

Hey there, sis, a familiar voice purred.

I turned around and there was my younger sister. Lizzie. I blinked at the sight of her. Hey, what are you doing here?

Uh, you wanted me to come and see you at the hospital, she said. You wanted to bounce some ideas off me about your anniversary gift for Stephen.

Oh, my god, that completely slipped my mind, I said. I didn't get much sleep at all last night.

Yeah, you look a little frazzled. Got some bed hair or something. She smiled, her lips lighting up. You and Stephen up all night getting nasty?

A hot shiver ran through me. I grabbed her hand and pulled her into delivery room 7, which was unoccupied at the moment. Janet, one of the other nurses, smiled at me. I grinned back at her and closed the door, my pussy on fire.

I have something I have to tell you, I said, this incestuous lust rising in me. Something you won't believe unless I just show you.

After fucking my daughters, fucking my sister was nothing. She would love my clit-dick. Lizzie was a wild girl. The black sheep of the family. Well, she had mellowed out at thirty-nine, but she was still the one that would sneak in boys and get gangbanged at parties.

She had even gone through a BDSM phase, but she had quickly dropped out of that. It's just too much work. You could get fucked so many times waiting for everything to get ready. Then it's never as good as you think it'll be swinging from the ceiling bound in ropes.

What do you have to tell me, Nora? she asked, this wild gleam in her eyes. 

Something happened to me, I said. It's easier to just get naked to show you.

What, did you get a tattoo on your ass? she asked as I pulled off my scrub top.

What, no, I gasped. No.

On your pussy? she asked, arching her eyebrow.

I gave her a shocked looked. My pussy? That's insane. Who would get a tattoo there? Isn't that really painful? I reached behind me and unhooked my bra. Are you messing with me?

Hey, you're the one who brought me into an empty room and are getting naked, she said with this flirty smile on her lips. She never took anything seriously.

It's not a tattoo, I said, my bra coming off. My big breasts spilled out and bounced before me. They swayed back and forth, jiggling.

I've seen tits before, said Lizzie. She sat on the hospital bed. I mean, I have them. What is going on? This is weird. Why are you getting naked at work? I don't see anything wrong with your breasts.

I untied my scrub pants' drawstring and shoved them off, letting them fall down my legs. My panties were soaked with my excitement. I stepped out of my bottoms and hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my underwear.

God, you really are getting naked, Nora. My sister arched an eyebrow at me. This is getting insane. Just what do you have to show me that you had to get naked for?

I peeled off my panties. They slid over my plump rump. My pussy clenched. I was so wet right now. So exciting. My blonde sister was such a hottie. I wanted to just slide my futa-dick into her cunt. Just fuck her hard and make her cum.

Are you going through some mid-life crisis? she asked as I stepped out of my panties, my auburn hair swaying about my face. Isn't that supposed to be Stephen?

My husband is fine, I said and stepped out of my panties.

Well, your naked, she said, shaking her head. You are starting to weird me out, Nora. I love you, sis, I do, but this is nuts.

Just stare at my bush, I said and grew my clit-dick. It sprouted from the folds of my twat. 

She stared down at my crotch, her brow furrowing. Then she gasped as my little pink nub appeared. It swelled faster and faster. She blinked a few times. Her head cocked to the side. Her mouth opened. Closed. Opened again. A strangled sound rose from her throat as my clit-dick swelled bigger. Thicker. She shook her head. Slapped her cheeks.

Okay, what the fuck is that? she demanded, pointing at my dick that was just topping a foot long and a good three inches wide That... that... Jesus, sis, you just grew a dick.

A futa-dick, I said. Or a clit-cock. Hot, isn't it? You've never seen anything bigger, right? I know you went through that Black guy phase.

Still in that Black guy phase, she muttered, staring at my girl-cock. Holy shit, that's the biggest dick I've ever seen. How the hell is that possible?

Does it matter how it happened? I asked her, arching an eyebrow. Or does it just matter that I have a big clit-dick that you're getting wet looking at?

Her gaze shot up to my eyes as I advanced on her, my boobs jiggling. What? Wet? She tittered. Of course it doesn't make me wet. Christ, I'm your sister! That's disgusting! How could you even think that?

It makes you so wet, Lizzie, I purred, cupping my little sister's face. I stroked her, staring into her blue eyes. Mmm, it makes that pussy wet. You want to feel my MILF-dick ram into you.

MILF? she gasped.

I am a mother, I purred. So are you. We're both sexy MILFs.

We're sisters! she gasped. We can't cross that line. It's incest!

I kissed my naughty little sister on the mouth. She gasped as my tongue thrust past her lips. She should be resisting, but she couldn't. Futa-dicks did something to women. Or maybe I did something to them. Did Ruru cause me to release pheromones? 

I'd have to ask her.

But right now, my tongue danced with my sister's. We were two sexy MILFs about to get wild. I shouldn't do this at work, but I had no self-control any longer. This futa-dick controlled me. I was cheating on Stephen right and left.

She whimpered as I kissed her. She worked her lips on mine. Then her hands grabbed my big boobs. My sister squeezed my tits. I loved the feeling of her fingers digging into my tits. She kneaded them. Her digits dug into them in such an exciting way.

I loved how she massaged my tits. Her fingers dug into my boobs as my hands caressed her face. Her tongue caressed mine. She was such a great kisser. I loved this so much. It was so hot making out with my sister.

The incestuous rush heated up my pussy. It throbbed up my cock.

She broke the kiss, squeezing my tits. God, does your dick fire cum, sis?

I winked at her.

She groaned and slid off the bed, kneeling before me. I love sucking dick. But a girl's massive dick? My own sister's cock? This is insane. You know that? I did too much salvia back in college. I am tripping or something. Having a flashback to it. This can't be real, but...

She licked the crown of my dick, caressing over the slit. She purred in delight then swallowed my cock. I gasped as my sister's warm mouth slid down my cock. She winked at me and bobbed her head, nursing with hunger.

Damn, Lizzie, I groaned, my pussy clenching. It was just such a delight to have my little sister blow me. You do love to suck dick.

She winked at me again and worked her mouth faster. She loved my clit-dick. I savored this pleasure. It was a pure treat to have her nurse on me. I loved every second of her bobbing her head. Her tongue danced around my cock.

I shuddered, my big boobs jiggling. Pleasure rippled down my shaft and soaked through my pussy. My sister's blonde hair spilled around her face as she nursed on me. She suckled with such passion on my clit-dick. God, she was a hot MILF!

Her lips slid up my cock and popped off. Damn, you have a big dick. And you still have pussy. I can smell your musk!

She ducked her head down and pressed her face up into my bush. I gasped as she did that. She licked at my cunt, her tongue dancing through my folds. It was just an amazing treat to have her licking my cunt while her hand stroked my futa-dick.

My sister's tongue thrust deep into my cunt. Lizzie swirled it around in me. She stirred me up, sending bliss shooting up to the tip of my girl-dick. The ache built and built there as she danced her tongue around in me.

Oh, my god, I moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's so good!

Mmm, sis, this is so wild, purred Lizzie. 

She licked through my folds and reached the base of my dick. Her tongue dragged up my shaft. She licked higher and higher until she reached my tip. She flicked over me. I gasped as delight shot down my shaft and through my flesh.

My sister re-engulfed my futa-dick and suckled hard. Her hand cupped my pussy through my bush. Her fingers stroked up and down my slit as she suckled on me. I loved having both. It was so hot having her caress me like that.

She thrust two fingers into my cunt and suckled hard on my futa-dick.

Lizzie! I moaned, my twat clamping down on her digits. She churned me up with her fingers.

I shuddered there, savoring her pumping her digits in and out of my cunt. Her lips slid up and down my futa-cock. I savored her naughty blowjob. The two delights swirled through me. My ovaries drank in the delight.

My boobs swayed back and forth as my sister pleasured me. She fingered my cunt with such deep thrusts of her fingers. She wiggled them around in me while slurping on my girl-dick. The pressure rose to the tip of my futa-cock.

Oh, my god, I groaned, the incestuous delight building and building in me. I hurtled closer and closer to that moment of eruption. That's it, Lizzie. Make me cum and drink all my futa-cum!
 
She winked at me, sucking with such pressure. 

My pussy squeezed about her fingers. Her thrusts built and built the ache at the tip of my cock. Her tongue danced around it. I threw back my head, my auburn hair dancing around my shoulders. My body shuddered.

I came.

I pumped blast after blast of cum into my sister's mouth. I shuddered, firing over and over into her hot maw. She gulped down my cum. She swallowed it with such passion. I shuddered, the pleasure shooting through me.

It was amazing. 

Wondrous. Just the hot delight that I needed, my pussy spasming hard. I groaned, loving every second of this pleasure firing onto my girl-dick. A big smile spread on my lips. I panted, my boobs rising and falling as I swayed from the pure delight of this orgasm.

The incestuous bliss rippled through me as my pussy cream ran hot down my thighs. My sister slid her mouth off my cock and stared up at me with this look of awe on her lips. She licked them, gathering up the beads of my girl-cum that had leaked out.

Jesus Mary of fucking God! she gasped. Sis, you just fired so much fucking cum into my mouth. That was incredible.

Yes, it was, I groaned, savoring the delight. Ooh, I loved that. I loved that a lot. You were incredible. Now, how would you like to be fucked like a naughty whore by your big sister's futa-dick?

Oh, my fucking god, yes, she moaned and attacked the buttons of her skinny jeans.

She had her fly open in a flash revealing a purple pair of panties. She spun around and bent over the bed, thrusting down her pants. She shoved those off over her plump ass. Not panties, a thong that vanished between her butt-cheeks and emerged molded to her pussy. I licked my lips at the sight, my cock throbbing.

She winked at me over her shoulder and shoved off her panties next. I groaned as that thin strip of cloth slid out of her ass. She worked them down her thighs, her shaved twat coming into view. I groaned at the gold ring that threaded through her clit.

I grabbed it and tugged. Still have this?

Mmm, I would never give that up, she groaned as I twisted it.

I remember how sore you were and how you had to hide it from Mom and Dad, I said, twisting it again.

She gasped in delight, moaning as her pussy folds clenched. She had nice thick ones dripping in her pussy cream. The tangy aroma of her cunt, so similar to my own, filled my nose. It was a pure treat to inhale that musk. My mouth watered and my clit-dick throbbed.  

I released her ring, my futa-dick throbbing with the need to just fuck her. To pound my cock into her pussy and fuck her with such passion. My sister's cunt. What a treat this would be! I pressed my tip into her pussy lips. Her folds slid over my crown, smearing me in her incestuous juices.

Oh, my god, she groaned. This is the kinkiest thing I've ever done. Fucking my own sister? Shit, yes. I am down with this. Oh, fuck, I want it!

I grinned and thrust into my sister's cunt.

I loved the feeling of her cunt sliding over my cock. It was such a rush to slide her pussy. Two MILF sisters fucking. I shuddered, savoring every moment of sliding deeper and deeper into her pussy. It was such a hot thrill as more and more of my cock vanished into her.

I groaned, savoring it so much. This was a thrill. This was a pure joy. I groaned, loving every second of it being in her. My sister moaned as I buried to the hilt in her. She took every inch of my huge dick in her cunt.

Fuck me hard! she groaned. Oh, sis, just fuck me so hard until I just burst with delight. I need it. I need to cum so hard. I want to squeal my head off.

You got it, I moaned and drew back my cock. Her pussy held me tight, my tip savoring that delight. I slammed back into her, loving this treat. The heat flowed down to my snatch. My twat drank in the forbidden delight and warmed my ovaries.

I pumped away at her. I fucked her with such force. I buried to the hilt in her cunt. It was a fantastic treat to bury into her again and again. I pounded my little sister with my big clit-dick. I fucked her juicy cunt.

I pounded my sister's tight, hot cunt. My big boobs heaved as I drilled into her snatch. She writhed on the delivery bed, rubbing her back into the sheets as I fucked her hard. I pounded her cunt with powerful strokes.

I loved how she squeezed about my dick. She held my cock tight with her juicy cunt. I groaned, burying into her snatch again and again. Her pussy held me with that wonderful embrace. My cunt dripped such hot juices down my thighs.

Yes, yes, yes, My sister groaned. This dick is magnificent!

Mmm, I know, I purred, the ache building and building at the tip of my dick. It was fantastic to enjoy. I savored every second of burying into her. She had such an exciting cunt. 

I plowed to the hilt in her again and again. I shuddered, savoring this delight so much. My face contorted with the pleasure of fucking my sister's twat. She gripped me. Massaged me. She had such a hot sheath.

My ovaries swelled with the incestuous load of cum I would fire into her cunt. Just baste her twat, her womb, with my jizz. My tits smacked together as I drilled into her snatch with such hard strokes. She gasped and moaned.

Fuck my cunt, sis! she gasped. Oh, fuck it! You're so good at this. Just so fucking good. I'm going to cum!

You better believe it, I panted. I want to feel that pussy going wild on my dick. Just sucking at me. I am going to flood your pussy.

Yes! she gasped.

The ache swelled at the tip of my cock. Every thrust into her hot pussy sent pleasure melting down my shaft to soak through my twat. My ovaries warmed more and more, my cum brimming to explode out of me. I loved being a futa so much. A futa-MILF fucking my hot sister.

Thank you, Ruru, I whispered.

I buried into my sister's cunt, so close to erupting into that hot snatch. She gasped, her head tossing. Her blonde hair flew. My sister squeezed down hard on my futa-dick as I drew back. She squealed with absolute delight.

Fuck, yes, sis! she cried as her pussy went wild around my dick.

I made my sister cum.

This incestuous surge shot through me as I buried to the hilt in her pussy. Her twat rippled around me, sucking at me. The pressure at the tip of my cock exploded. My fertile futa-cum pumped into my little sister's cunt.

Oh, my fucking god, you're flooding me! she gasped, her pussy writhing around my MILF-dick.

I quivered, basting my sister's twat. The sexy MILF gasped and moaned as her cunt nursed at me. Pleasure shot through my body. My pussy writhed liked hers did, sending waves of delight surging through me. So much bliss filled me.

I groaned, loving every moment of erupting into my sister's cunt. I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her twat. I loved every second of it spilling in her. My head swayed from side to side, my boobs bouncing from the delight.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, she moaned as her pussy nursed at my clit-dick.

I know, I whimpered, my pussy cream spilling down my thighs. I quivered, firing the last of my spunk into her pussy. I savored this delight. I loved every second of it. It was magnificent to pump her full of cum. 

Best sister ever! she panted, her pussy rippling a final time around my clit-dick. Just the best.

I grinned as the door opened. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stephanie Mathers

Hey, Janet, do you know where my wi... Nora Mathers is? I said, realizing that Janet wouldn't know who I was talking about. 

Nor that Nora had a wife.

Uh, yeah, so she went into delivery room 7, she said. That was twenty minutes ago, though. She might not be there.

Thanks, I said and kept walking.

Uh, who are you? she asked.

Sister-in-law, I answered, heading with confidence to that door. I reached it and threw it open. 

My jaw dropped at what I saw.

To be continued...
