About midmorning on the Thursday prior to Memorial Day weekend a few years ago, Sam eased his car out of his driveway and went to pick up his friend Bill. The plan was for the pair to get to Bill's cabin in the mountains and open it up for the summer season. Their wives, Susan and Laurie, would be coming up Saturday morning, by which time the guys would have taken care of any repairs necessitated by weather damage over the winter, and performed any other routine maintenance. They wore their work clothes so they could get right to the chores upon their arrival.
It was about a three hour drive to the cabin. They stopped in the small town about an hour away from the cabin to pick up some beer and some grocery items for the next few days. After pulling into the driveway to the cabin, the guys got their suitcases out and brought them into their respective bedrooms. They threw their cases on the bed, not bothering to open them as they were already wearing the clothes they needed for their chores.
The cabin looked like it had weathered the winter reasonably well. The property did need some cleaning up, with leaves and brush, etc., having accumulated. Bill went to the deck in the back, where the hot tub was located, and lifted the cover off of the hot tub. He found that the inside needed to be scrubbed, as some dirt and leaves had gotten in despite the cover. He quickly got to work cleaning out the hot tub and then turned the water on to fill it. The guys then took a break for a lunch and to plan the afternoon's chores. They identified a portion of the exterior which needed painting, but they decided to just do some yard work that afternoon and save the other work for tomorrow.
They busied themselves with raking the leaves, picking up branches which had fallen, etc. This wound up taking a couple of hours. Sam looked up at the gutters and noticed they were full of leaves. He found a step ladder and began utilizing a pole to try to free the leaves. He got most of them out without a problem, but there was a particularly difficult clump to move and he began poking at it; it came loose suddenly, dumping a mass of partially decomposed leaves and stagnant water down the front of his shirt and pants, soaking them thoroughly with the foul-smelling mixture.
Sam said that he was going inside to get changed; Bill, noting that the hot tub had finished filling, suggested that they don their bathing suits and have a good soak as a reward for their hard work. Bill said that while Sam could put his befouled clothing in the washer, it would take a long time to dry as the dryer had been on the fritz last year, and they had not gotten around to ordering a new one. He said that it worked sporadically, but that drying Sam's clothes would likely take hours.
Sam went in to his room and opened his suitcase. After staring blankly for a minute at the items therein, he suddenly realized that he was looking at his wife's clothing and that he had apparently taken her suitcase. He uttered an oath, which caused Bill to come over from his room. Bill had already changed into his suit.
"What's the problem," asked Bill?
"Look at this, this is Susan's suitcase," said Sam. I don't have any clothes, much less a bathing suit."
Bill, looking at the open suitcase, let out a low whistle. "Wow, what are you going to do now?"
"I guess I'll have to borrow something of yours."
"Well, that's going to be a problem. I only brought one bathing suit."
Bill looked down at the open suitcase lying on the bed, and said, "Hey, wait a minute, what's under this shirt?" He reached down and moved the shirt, and pulled a couple of items out from underneath it. He took one in each hand and held them toward Sam. In one hand, there was a halter-style bikini top, which was navy with a white petal-type pattern, and in the other hand, what appeared to be a short skirt with a flouncy bottom, in solid navy.
"This is just the thing," said Bill.
"Don't be ridiculous," said Sam, "I can't wear that; it's a woman's suit, I'll look silly. Besides, it probably won't fit me, and it's a skirt. What's underneath?."
"Don't worry about that, who's going to see it out here? I think it'll fit anyway. Look inside, there's a lining that's like the inside of a guy's swimsuit." He opened the inside and Sam looked in and saw that there was indeed a sort of brief (actually a panty). "This bottom looks almost the same size as what you would wear anyway," he said, holding it up to Sam's waist.
Sam had to admit to himself, it didn' t seem too different, size wise.
"Come on," said Bill, "don't be a baby. We deserve a nice soak in the hot tub after the work we did today."
Sam had always found found himself slightly intimidated by Bill, who was a couple of inches taller and had a better, more muscular build. Bill had ice blue eyes which always unsettled Sam; in addition, Bill's muscular build was clearly displayed as he was wearing only his swimsuit. Sam felt a slight fluttering in his chest as his handsome, only partially dressed, friend was standing only a few inches away from him and looking at him intently Sam somehow felt that Bill always had the upper hand in their relationship, although it was hard to say why that was. Sam knew that he was going to do what Bill asked anyway, but said, "Alright, as long as you're not going to laugh."
Sam was about to say something else when Bill then reached out and put his finger on Sam's lips. "Shush," he said.
Sam was so surprised at the physical contact, even just the slight pressure of Bill's finger, that he did just as Bill directed.
"Of course I won't laugh," said Bill. "What's to laugh at?"
Sam then shyly turned around and pulled off his underpants, then carefully stepped into his wife's bikini bottom. Pulling it up, he was amazed at how well it fit; snug, but not too tight. There was a slight stirring in his groin as he carefully adjusted the panty and then turned around to face Bill.
"So far, so good," said Bill.
"What? Okay, let's go" said Sam.
"Wait a minute, said Bill, you're forgetting something."
"What's that?" asked Sam.
"The top," said Bill.
"What are you talking about? I don't need a top."
"Oh, I think you need it. It's hardly appropriate to wear a bikini bottom only. It's part of a set, you know; they're supposed to go together. Don't think you're going to wear that little skirt and go topless! Come on, put it on," said Bill, picking the top up off the bed and handing it to Sam.
Sam looked dumbly at the top for a second, then was almost surprised to find his hand reaching out to take it.
"I'm not sure this will fit," he said.
"There's only one way to find out," said Bill.
Sam looked at the top dully, wondering how to put it on. After a short internal debate while holding it in front of him, trying to figure which part went where, he put his arms into the top, lifted his arms over his head, and pulled the top down. While he found that it was a bit tight, the stretch fabric allowed him to get it on. He pulled it down slowly, until the cup areas on the front covered his breasts. He had never really thought about it, and was surprised to find that he actually had breasts. They were small but actually fit quite well into the cup areas. After a bit of tugging and adjustment of the straps, he found his breasts were filling out the top quite nicely. The halter straps were hanging down his front, however. He grabbed them, lifted them up and behind his neck, and tried to tie them. After several unsuccessful attempts, he turned to Bill, and said, "These are hard to tie."
Bill stepped forward saying, "Here, let me do it." He turned Sam around and quickly tied his halter straps. "There, now you have a perfect bow. Turn around, and let's have a look."
Bill found himself turning around to show Sam. He felt hot and realized he was blushing furiously.
"Looks good, said Bill. I'm going to hit the tub. It'll be great to relax with some drinks. I'll have some beer. There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator for you." With that, he walked out the door towards the deck and hot tub.
After Bill left the room, Sam paused for a minute to look at his reflection in the mirror, and found himself further adjusting the fit of the suit. He found himself adjusting the bottom so that it draped nicely over his ass cheeks. He turned back and forth, trying to get a good look at how the bottom felt, and watching the slight flounce of the skirt bottom. He also noticed that the fit of the top seemed to need some fine tuning. After fidgeting with it for a while, he was satisfied. He left the house and walked out to the deck. He was vaguely conscious of a slight variation in his gait; it seemed his steps were a little smaller yet somehow his rear was moving more.
Bill was already in the tub. Despite his attention to the fit of his new bikini, Sam felt a little self conscious. He saw that Bill was watching him as he stepped across the deck; he had an uncomfortable feeling that Bill was actually ogling him. This was probably as Bill was running his eyes up and down Sam's body, checking out his legs particularly. While Bill had never really thought about Sam's legs, he now found them to be long and shapely going up underneath the sexy skirt.
Bill let out a murmur of appreciation, and said to Sam, "Looking good. Give me a little turn for the full effect."
"What?" asked Sam, not fully comprehending.
"Yeah, just turn around for a minute. Not too fast, I want to check out the whole affair."
"What are you talking about? This isn't a fashion show."
"Oh, come, on, don't be such a prima donna, just turn around."
Ignoring the reference to him as a prima donna, Sam decided that he might as well play along. After a second, he began turning slowly. He felt self conscious of what his hands were doing, and then decided it would be best to put them on his hips. He turned slowly but paused for a second or two when his back was facing Bill. Turning to look over his shoulder, he realized that Bill's gaze was fastened on his buttocks. Sam again found himself blushing. He finished his pirouette and began to step towards the tub. At that point, Bill asked "Hey, where are the drinks?"
"I thought you were going to get them," said Sam.
"No, you should get them. You're the one wearing a bikini, so you'll be the waitress tonight."
Sam bristled for a minute at the suggestion that he was going to wait on Bill; he already was wearing a lady's bathing suit and hardly needed anything more to suggest a diminishment of his masculinity. But then he realized that Bill was already in the tub and of course couldn't be expected to get out wet and dripping. He found himself rationalizing his role and he decided to go back in for the drinks.
"Okay, I will get us the drinks," said Sam.
Sam went inside and quickly found the wine and several cans of beer, which he placed in a small cooler. He found a serving tray and put plastic glasses on it, and napkins, and a little dish of nuts. He was able to balance the tray in one hand and carry the little cooler in the other, and after some difficulty with the door (he noticed Bill watching him as he struggled with the door and the carrying, but making no effort to help him), got outside and placed the refreshments on the outside of the tub just in back of Bill's head. He then gingerly stepped into the tub. Bill was eyeing him with a little grin the entire time.
Sam sat down, taking up a position about a foot or so away from Bill. After he had had a minute to adjust to the heat, Sam turned and got Bill a beer, and poured himself a glass of wine. Bill guzzled about half of the beer in one gulp, while Sam gently sipped his wine. The two friends made some aimless small talk while enjoying their drinks. In short order, Bill was on his third beer, while Sam was finishing up his second glass of wine.
"This is nice, isn't it?" asked Bill. It's so relaxing being out here in the warm water. I'm really glad we got to come up here early and spend some time together. We have a good time when we're together as couples, but I'm really enjoying the time for just the two of us. Actually, we're kind of a couple tonight.
"Yes, it's very nice," said Sam noncommittally.
After a brief pause, Bill said, "You know, you really do look kind of cute in that bathing suit." Sam found himself blushing furiously. Tongue tied for a minute, he said, again, noncommittally, "Um, thanks, I guess."
After another short pause, Bill said, "I really mean it. I really like the way that suit looks on you. I'm amazed at how well it fits, both the top and the bottom. Are you sure it's not yours?" he asked, chuckling.
Not entirely sure of where the conversation was going, Sam didn't answer this time. Meanwhile, Bill had stealthily moved closer to him on the seat, and now there was only about an inch or so between the two friends on the seat.
Sam sensed the proximity and was a little bit uncomfortable. Bill reached out and touched one of the straps of Sam's bikini top and slipped his finger in between the strap and Sam's skin. He rubbed it between his fingers for a few seconds, then pulled the finger out and ran it up and down the strap, as though smoothing it out. Finishing up, he let his finger lightly graze over the breast cup as he withdrew his hand. Sam held his breath for a minute, not sure of what he should do. Bill then finished the beer.
"I'm ready for another," he said, and turned around to get his fourth beer out of the cooler. Sam was beginning to feel a little lightheaded and was trying to decide whether he should have another glass of wine. Bill, making the decision for him, took his glass and filled it up. Sam wondered for a second if Bill was trying to get him drunk, then decided he was just being sociable. He took the glass of wine and had another sip. He was in fact getting a nice little buzz on from the wine.
After chugging about half of his beer, Bill put it on the back of the tub. He again reached out towards Sam's bikini top, and after a preliminary playing with the strap, he let his hand go down to the breast cup. This time, instead of lightly grazing the cup, he began alternately hefting it in his hand and running a finger over the nipple area.
Sam was a bit buzzed already, and felt that as he hadn't mentioned anything when Bill was playing with his bikini strap earlier, he had effectively ceded that area to him. Bill's further exploration of his breast area seemed okay as well, perhaps due to Sam's feeling good from the wine. Sam found himself actually enjoying Bill's feeling him up, and particularly the light rubbing of his nipple. He decided to relax and let Bill play with him.
Bill had by this point eliminated even the minimal gap that was between the two playmates, and had put his other arm in back of Sam, putting it under his arm and reaching around to his breast. By now, Bill was actively playing with both of Sam's breasts.
Sam was sitting with his head slightly back, just enjoying Bill's ministrations, with his lips slightly open. Bill, noticing how full Sam's lips were, decided to make his next move. He leaned over to plant a kiss on Sam. His first kiss landed on Sam's cheek, and he followed that quickly with one just on the side of his lips, marveling at their softness. Sam turned his face towards Bill in surprise at the kiss. Before Sam could say anything, Bill planted a kiss full on his lips. Taking advantage of Sam's slightly spread lips, Bill slid his tongue between them and quickly found Sam's tongue inside. Sam, while still slightly surprised, found he was enjoying the sexy kissing and began reciprocating. The two pals were soon sliding their tongues steadily in and out of each other's mouths. Meanwhile, Bill had slid his hand inside Sam's bikini top cupping his breast, while pinching and tugging on his nipple.
"Your tits look good in the bikini top and they also feel good in my hand, said Bill. Are you enjoying this?"
"Um, that does feel good," said Sam.
They continued the kissing for a while, with Bill playing with both of his Sam's tits. After a few minutes, Bill pulled his hand away from Sam's breasts, and said, "I've got to make an adjustment."
Bill reached down into the water. Contrary to his stating he was making an adjustment, he rather made a full fledged change, yanking his suit down and completely off.
"You've gone and made my cock hard, do you realize that?"
Sam just stared blankly; then Bill took his hand and guided it down to his cock. "Feel what you've done to me," he said, wrapping Sam's fingers around his shaft.
Sam instinctively curled his fingers around Bill's cock, and without thinking, applied a little pressure and began moving his hand up and down.
"Ah, that feels good," said Bill. His hand went back to Sam's left tit and gave it another squeeze.
At this point, the two were vigorously engaged in pleasuring each other. Bill lifted Sam's bikini top up enough so that his tit was exposed, and he leaned over. After kissing around the tit, he began tonguing Sam's now stiff nipple. This went on for a few minutes, when Bill realized Sam's ministrations were building him up to the point of no return. He pulled his mouth off Sam's tit and kissed his way back up to his cheek. He whispered in Sam's ear, "I'm going to come." Turning Sam's head towards him he returned to the sexy kissing of earlier. As the two pals' tongues interwined, Bill finally exploded, his dick shooting clouds of semen into the hot tub water.
"Oh, that's it," he said.
Sensing the explosion of Bill's cock, Sam slowed his manipulating. After Bill's cock stopped its pulsating, he slowly withdrew his hand. The two friends sat silently for a minute, while globs of Bill's semen were visibly swirling in the currents made by the jets in the tub. Bill stood up and said, that was relaxing, but I'm going to go inside and get changed; I don't want to miss the game. He went inside without further comment, leaving Sam to clean up and bring the refreshments inside.
Sam picked up the refreshments, etc., and brought them into the kitchen. He could already hear the shower running in Bill's room. He put the glasses into the dishwasher, and went to his own room. He wondered what he could change into. Sensing that Bill was not going to provide him with any clothes, he began looking through his wife's suitcase. He found some plain white panties, a pair of pale blue shorts and a white t-shirt and decided that they would do. He went to the shower and took off his wife's bikini; although he had been conscious of it on some level, he now fully realized for the first time that his cock was hard. He wondered what that was about, then decided it had been an involuntary reaction to Sam's stimulation of his nipple.
He took his shower, then changed into the new outfit. He went out into the living room to find Bill already ensconced in front of the television, with the hockey playoff game just starting.
"Hey, said Bill, put one of those frozen pizzas in the oven." Bill made no comment regarding Sam's outfit, seemingly taking it as natural.
"Oh, yeah, and get me another beer, too," he said.
Sam started the oven, and then brought Bill his beer. Bill began guzzling it. Sam, although not particularly interested in hockey, nevertheless sat down on the sofa near Bill. After the oven warmed, he popped the pizza in, and 20 minutes later, duly served it up. For the next three hours, Bill's eyes were glued to the television; the game went into overtime. He occasionally would wave an empty beer can in Sam's direction, which was his cue to replace it. Other than that, he paid no attention to Sam. He would occasionally yell at the television when some presumably exciting thing happened in the game. Finally, the game ended. Bill closed his eyes for a second and shortly thereafter began snoring loudly. After staring at him for a minute, Sam got up. He picked up a blanket and covered Bill with it. On a whim, he kissed his forehead as he covered him up. He then went to his room.  
Sam began rummaging through his wife's suitcase for suitable sleepwear; the only thing he found was a pink babydoll nightie, which he felt would have to do. He pulled the panties up and then reached his hands up, and pulled the top over. He found that like the bikini top, the babydoll's breast cups applied nicely to his own body. He turned and looked at himself in the mirror, turning slowly, trying to appreciate the outfit from any angle that he could. He then got into bed.
Sam reached down to feel how his breasts were filling the cup, and grazed his nipples, which reminded him of Bill's playing with them earlier in the evening. At that point, he realized that his cock was again hard. He rubbed it through the satiny material and discovered that the sensation really heightened his pleasure. After a few minutes, he pulled the panties down allowing them to cup his balls. He began lightly stroking his cock with one hand, while gently cupping his tit and squeezing his nipple with the other. He found his thoughts straying back to him and Bill's tete a tete earlier in the hot tub, and the memory of their sexy kissing. He tried to prolong things, but after a short time, his cock began to spurt a load of come; it shot about a foot into the air and then fell back on his hand, with some of it inevitably getting on the panties. He briefly wondered how he was going to deal with that issue, but soon fell asleep. After a few hours, he woke and found that he was again thinking about the hot tub fun and that he again had a raging hardon. He slipped his hand under the lip of the panties and began rubbing his cock, while thinking about Bill feeling him up, kissing him softly, and whispering endearments into his ear. Again, he spurted an impressive amount of come, and after a few minutes, fell back into sleep, where he stayed through the morning.