The Roof Top
by GrumpyOldMan296

I tell you that everyone in the buildings can see you.

You ask if I want to join you on the roof of the building to sunbathe. I think it would be a good way to rest in the peace and quiet and tell you I would be happy to join you. You go into the bedroom and get your bikini out and I get shorts and a T-shirt out to put on. We put the clothes on to sunbathe and start up the stairs to the top of the building.

We get up to the roof and we spread our towels out to lie down on. You hand me your suntan lotion as you lie down on your towel and I start letting the lotion drip onto your back. As I am rubbing the lotion on your back you tell me to unfasten your top so you don't get tan lines. When I have finished rubbing the lotion on your back I start letting it drip onto your legs.

You tell me to pull your bottoms off so you don't get tan lines there either. Telling you that if I do that everyone in the other building around us will be able to see you I ask if you are sure. Again you tell me to pull them off as you giggle and tell me that you hope they do see you. I pull your bottoms off of you and rub lotion on your butt so that you don't get any tan lines.

As we lie on the roof soaking in the sun you look over at me and ask why I still have my shorts on. I tell you again that the people in the other building can look down and see us lying here. You tease me about being afraid and I finally take my shorts off and place them beside me.

You turn over and tell me that you need lotion on your front side and that I need to take care of it. Trying to keep myself covered I start putting lotion on you. As I rub lotion on your breasts I begin to get excited. Slowly I rub the lotion on down your stomach. As I get closer to your pussy my excitement builds higher. Softly I start rubbing lotion around your pussy and you reach over and take my erection in your hand.

I am on my hands and knees beside you trying to put lotion on you and you are sliding your hand up and down my erection. Wanting to hide myself I am not able to because your hand feels so wonderful sliding up and down on my erection. You slide under me and begin kissing the tip of my erection. Slowly I start pushing my erection into your mouth as you suck it gently. My excitement is soaring as I push in and out of your mouth and I begin to tremble. You slide your hand up and down it faster as you suck on the tip of my erection. Losing control I erupt in a wonderful orgasm.

You slide out from under me and I don't care anymore how many people are watching us. I move between your legs and start kissing your pussy softly. As I kiss your pussy your moans keep getting louder. Gently I push my tongue between your pussy lips and slide it up and down brushing it over your clit. Your clit is swollen and hard as I softly rub my tongue back and forth over it. Putting my lips around your clit I suck it into my mouth as I slide my fingers inside your pussy. My fingers move in and out of you as I suck your clit harder. Feeling you trembling I move my fingers in and out of you faster. You moan loudly and you start shaking as your orgasm rocks your body.

I move up beside you and we kiss passionately. You push me onto my back and get on top of me. Taking my erection in your hand you place it against your pussy and slide down onto it. You start rocking back and forth as your clit rugs against me. Reaching up I grab your breasts and pinch your nipples as your moans become screams of pleasure. My excitement is soaring so high that I don't care if we can be seen and heard b the people in the other buildings. We shake and explode in a beautiful orgasm as stars streak through our minds.

You collapse on top of me and we kiss passionately. We can hear people cheering for us as we lie on the towels and regain our strength. We get dressed and return to our apartment and head for the shower. We get in the shower and start washing the suntan lotion off of each other.

As we wash each other we start talking about our exhibition and our passion starts to build inside us. Gently I wash your pussy as you slide your soapy hand up and down my erection. We let the shower rinse the soap away and you put your arms around my neck. Placing my hands under your butt I lift you up as your legs wrap around me. Placing my erection against your pussy I press you against the wall as my erection slides inside you. Slowly I slide my erection in and out of you as we kiss passionately. Our bodies are pressed together and your clit is rubbing against me. As our lips touch in a tender kiss we begin to shake as our excitement spins out of control and we explode in a fantastic orgasm.

We finish our shower as we tremble from the pleasure and exhaustion. We get out of the shower and dry each other off. Kissing softly we go into the bedroom and lie down on the bed so that we can hold each other as we take a nap.
