Reversal of Fortune - Chapter 1 
Copyright 2007 - An Awful Cad
MF, Oral, Anal, Mast, Cheat, NC, Reluct, Wife


Disclaimer:  It's porn.  Don't read it if it might offend you, is illegal for you, or if you have an 
actual or mental age of less than 18.


 I owe my good fortune to the dot com crash.  I'm not a dot com millionaire or bear market 
short seller or anything.  I might have been a dot com "hundredthousandaire" for about a month, 
but that was strictly on paper, and by the time the options were liquid, the market had already 
crashed and I got nothing.  But still, despite wiping out two and a half years of near-slave labor, 
and setting back my career trajectory and bank account accordingly, the dot com crash was 
one of the best things that ever happened to me.

First off, I stopped working like a dog for a company that, had I opened my eyes earlier, I 
probably would have seen was going nowhere fast.  The economy in my neck of the woods 
(Southern California) was in the crapper, and no one was interested in hiring a 35 year-old 
marketing director whose most recent career achievement was in helping to piss away almost 
$50 million of someone else's money.  Nonetheless I was able to parlay the experience and 
contacts I had gathered into a small-scale business consulting from home at ridiculously low 
rates to the few bastards that were able to keep their businesses afloat. It wasn't a lot of money, 
just barely enough to pay a nanny to take care of the kids while I worked the phones and the 
internet, but my wife Lisa still had her job and after we cut back on expenses we were able to 
get by.

The net result was that I was able to spend a lot more time with my family, especially my two 
young kids, live a much more relaxed lifestyle, and be my own boss for a while.  Not too bad, 
all things considered.  And then there's the really good part...

One sunny fall morning, I was working in my small office in a corner of our bedroom.  I could 
hear the kids playing in the driveway with Mercedes, our Salvadorian nanny.  They were riding 
their tricycles down the slight incline and laughing wildly, probably as they crashed into 
something.  I peeked out the window when I heard new voices added to the mix.  I perked up 
when I saw that it was Sherry, our neighbor from across the street, and her two kids.

We had a lot in common with our neighbors, the Cohens. Sherry and Harvey had moved into 
the neighborhood shortly after we did, were about the same age as my wife and I, and had a 
son a year younger than our oldest.  Sherry was a stay-at-home mom, however, and Harvey 
had lost his job shortly after I did.

I looked down from my window to where Sherry and her son Max were standing talking to 
Mercedes and my boys. From my vantage point, I admired the curve of Sherry's chest and her 
slight hint of cleavage.  "Worth a closer look" I thought, shutting down the computer and 
heading downstairs.  Sherry was no great beauty, but then there was nothing wrong with her, 
either.  She was fairly short, but well proportioned, and her slightly frumpy "harried mom" look 
carried with it a certain fecund ripeness that always piqued my interest.

They say idle hands make the Devil's work, and of late, my relative idleness had kept my hands 
pretty busy as my imagination produced a series of extremely vivid fantasies about the women 
who crossed my path. Only last week I had managed to use all the hot water in our tank as I 
spent my morning shower concocting an explicit scenario for Sherry.

In my fantasy, Lisa and I had sneaked away from a party at our pool for a quickie.  Alone in 
our bedroom, we sucked face furiously as I reached inside her still damp bathing suit and firmly 
kneaded her voluptuous ass.  Untying the top of her swimsuit, I gripped her lush breast with my 
free hand and palpitated her pliant flesh.  Crushing her tightly against me, I snaked my hand 
further along her backside until I could feel the wispy hairs at the outer reaches of her cunt, and 
the heat emanating from her core.  My exploring fingers produced a gasp of ecstasy as I 
simultaneously plunged one digit into her steamy hole and clamped down on her swollen nipple 
with my other hand.

Lisa whimpered as I removed my hand from her cunt, trailing her pussy cream over her tight 
asshole as I withdrew.  However, I quickly plunged my hand back into the front of her swimsuit 
and homed in on her throbbing clit.  She moaned happily as I furiously rubbed the swollen nub 
and torqued her sensitive nipples.  She humped my hand and kissed me hungrily as I drove her 
towards a monster orgasm.  A few more strokes were all it took to push her over the edge, and 
I had to clamp my lips to hers to stifle her screams as she came with a yell.

As she came down from her high, I unrolled Lisa's top further and caressed her sweaty breasts 
gently. Sliding one hand up her torso, I brushed the damp hair away from her face and traced 
her jaw line with my pussy-coated fingers.  As my fingers caressed her swollen lips the aroma of 
her juices must have reached us both at the same time.  Lisa parted her lips and snaked her 
tongue out to lick my pungent fingers.  My cock jumped in my trunks as she drew my fingers 
into her mouth and proceeded to fellate the sensitive digits.

"What should we do now?" Lisa asked coyly, looking up at me with my fingers still poised on 
her glistening, pouty lips.

"Well, that feels pretty good." I hinted.  Lisa wasn't that enamored with sucking my cock, but 
every now and then she would dutifully blow me.  I had a sense that the time was right and that 
she was leading up to this.  Maybe she knew that I got particular pleasure from her sucking me 
off while the party continued below us, and especially when she would return to the party with a 
bellyful of my hot cream and smile at the other men with lips that only minutes before had been 
wrapped around my spurting schlong.

"Somehow I knew that's what you would say," she murmured as she slid to her knees in front of 
me.  She held my shaft alongside her face and licked it seductively before plunging the whole 
thing into her mouth at once.  She began sucking me urgently, setting a rapid rhythm as she 
feverishly gobbled my dong.

She was in high gear, her lips sliding furiously over my shaft and great sucking noises coming 
from her mouth as my cock plunged repeatedly into her gullet with every stroke, when suddenly 
the door opened, and Sherry walked in.  Since it was my fantasy, Lisa didn't miss a beat as 
Sherry stood there in shock, transfixed.  "I was just looking, uh, for my..." she stammered 
before grinding to a halt.

Lisa looked at her with one eye without even missing a stroke on my shaft and with one hand 
beckoned Sherry closer.  Sherry shut the door behind her as she slowly staggered towards 
where Lisa knelt on the floor. Pulling my cock from her mouth with a plop and a toss of her hair, 
Lisa pointed my red, swollen, glistening tool at Sherry and said, "Here, have some.  It's quite 
delicious."

Sherry dropped to her knees as if sleepwalking and reached for my shaft.  I twitched with 
shock and pleasure as I felt and saw Sherry's hand encircle my throbbing member, with her 
other hand closing firmly over my near-bursting balls.  But that was nothing compared to the 
pure delight when her soft lips touched my dick for the first time and I slid into her warm, wet 
mouth.  I looked on in amazement as she began bobbing her head slowly up and down my 
shaft. Her diamond ring glinted in the dappled light as she built up speed and began to work her 
mouth rapidly over my meat.

Lisa seemed as fascinated by Sherry's actions as I was, and she brushed Sherry's hair away 
from her face and ran her hands over Sherry's smooth cheeks which bulged obscenely with 
every plunge of my cock.  Lisa began to remove Sherry's terrycloth cover-up, pulling it back 
over her shoulders to expose her chest, which was heaving with the exertion of her oral 
ministrations.

I was momentarily disappointed when Lisa grabbed Sherry by the chin and gently lifted her off 
my prong. Sherry pulled her face away but kept her firm grip on my shaft and balls.  "Take that 
off while I take a turn with him" Lisa instructed Sherry.  Sherry reluctantly let go of me and 
began to shrug off her swimsuit, exposing the fleshy mounds of her breasts to my view for the 
first time.

Meanwhile Lisa grabbed my cock and began licking it from top to bottom with long, slow 
strokes of her tongue.  Lisa's tongue work was exquisite, and as I gazed at Sherry's dark, 
engorged nipples I began to thrust my shaft forward urgently, trying to intensify my pleasure.  
"Come on, there's plenty to go around" said Lisa, sucking one of my swollen balls into her 
mouth and offering my glistening pole to Sherry.  Soon I was treated to the remarkable pleasure 
of a two-girl suck job.  Sherry resumed blowing me with enthusiasm, and while my pulsing bone 
slid through the warm wetness of her mouth and deep into her throat, Lisa nibbled my balls and 
caressed my ass.

As I savored the sight of my lance buried to the hilt in Sherry's mouth, I tensed up, trying to hold 
off my impending orgasm.  Lisa must have sensed it too, for suddenly I felt a slick finger prod 
the opening of my anus and drive up into my rectum.  That was all it took to light the fuse on my 
orgasm, and I exploded, firing my hot load directly down Sherry's esophagus. I watched her 
throat convulse as she swallowed my seed and sagged in my chair, drained by the two 
succubae.

My fantasy ended with Lisa hungrily licking the cum from the corners of Sherry's mouth as I 
watched, thinking that if I got the energy to return to the party, it would take a Herculean effort 
to keep the shit-eating grin off my face.



Part 2

I smiled at the memory of my hot fantasy and the explosive orgasm it had produced.  The 
shrieks of the kids brought me back to reality and I stepped outside to see what was going on.  
I was immediately treated to a view of Sherry bent over, helping Max onto one of our tricycles.  
Her butt was thrust out in my direction, and her thin cotton pants were pulled tight revealing 
both the contours of her generous ass as well as the outline of her surprisingly small panties. "Oh 
Hi." She said, straightening up.  "How's it going?"

We stood to the side and made uncomfortable small talk while the kids played.  "How are you 
guys doing?" I asked.  "How's Harvey?"

She rolled her eyes.  "Uggh.  He's so tense about our finances and finding work that he's driving 
me crazy. He's locked himself in the spare bedroom right now, doing who knows what."

I had to restrain a smile.  I didn't wish them ill, but during higher times, Harvey was one smug, 
arrogant SOB.  He had been a cocksure bastard, and I could remember him telling me in his 
nasally whine about how his company had a foolproof strategy, and was reeling in customers 
hand over fist. He was a shifty weasel under the best of circumstances, and I had a mental 
picture of him pacing his room like a rabid ferret.

"Yeah, times are real tough right now," I commiserated.  "We've cut back on everything, and 
we're still just getting by. "

I turned my head as Max clattered by on the trike. "Hey Max!  Be Careful!" I shouted.  Max 
was zooming down the path leading from the driveway to the front door, which made a natural 
track for the kids on their bikes.  He stopped the tricycle and looked at me.  "We have a rule - 
no going past the flower bed on the bikes," I explained, "because you might crash into the 
window there."  I pointed out the big two-story plate glass window next to the door, which 
stretched from the ground to the top of the atrium in our entranceway.

"That's right, Max honey" said Sherry. "Stay in the driveway with the other kids."  Max turned 
around and went back in the driveway, and Sherry and I went on making inane chatter about 
the kids, our spouses and the hot weather.  I was bored to tears, and as we talked, I was 
contemplating the likelihood of getting her in a bathing suit if I heated the pool and invited her 
and Max over for a swim.  I was doing mental gymnastics trying to determine if the risk justified 
the cost of heating the pool, when suddenly there was a loud, grinding crack from the direction 
of the house.

"Mommy, Mommy!" shrieked Max, running towards us.  The tricycle was on its side, up against 
the window, and there was a massive crack running up the glass about six feet.  A network of 
smaller cracks shot out from it like veins from an artery.

I was overwhelmed by a range of emotions, from anger to despair, and could only gape in 
shock at the devastation.  The other kids gathered around and stared.  "Wow!" said one of 
them, succinctly.

"Max.  What have you done?" wailed Sherry. "Oh Dave. I'm so sorry about this. We'll get it 
fixed - I promise."  I was too stunned to say anything, but in the back of my head, I knew that 
this would be a big headache for both of us.  Turns out, I was only half right...

I was barely able to contain my anger and shock as I examined the destroyed glass.  I warned 
that damn kid. Sherry retreated to her house with the hysterical Max. Mercedes knew enough 
to take my kids to the back yard, leaving me to curse and rant at no one in particular. I imagined 
all the various ways I would get screwed by this.  My insurance claim would probably be 
denied, the damage to the house was probably structural, and undoubtedly, Harvey Cohen 
would weasel out of paying for the damage his kid caused.  My mood was so black that finally I 
had to go inside and get myself a drink to cool down.

Two stiff shots of tequila later, my blood pressure was just starting to drop when the doorbell 
rang. There's that motherfucker Harvey now, I thought, mentally girding for battle.  I yanked 
open the door, only to find Sherry standing there with Max.  She looked even worse than when 
she left.  She had obviously been crying.  Her mascara was smeared and her eyes puffy and 
red.

"I'm so sorry, Dave" she whined, "This is just awful." Putting on a concerned look, I invited them 
in.

"Why don't you take Max out back with Mercedes and the kids, and we can talk in here." I 
suggested, as I tried to figure out how to hit this curveball I had just been pitched.

I poured myself another shot of tequila, and three fingers for her as well.  When Sherry 
returned, I handed her the tumbler and said, "Here.  This will help settle you down."  I tossed 
my shot back, and watched Sherry's throat bob as she downed the fiery liquor.  Afterwards, 
she coughed and wheezed, but kept it all down, and actually looked a bit more relaxed.

I poured another tumbler of tequila for her, which she sipped at cautiously as she told me that 
Harvey was indeed being a dick.  He had told her that they didn't have any money to pay for 
repairs right now, and that since she was watching Max, it was her problem to fix. He suggested 
that she try to figure out some other way to pay us back, like babysitting or something.  "He 
actually said that?" I asked, both incredulous and curious, "You should find some other way to 
pay us back?"  She nodded shyly.  Something about her demure delivery of this preposterous 
line sparked the beginning of a plan deep in my brain.

"Well that's not going to work." I stated flatly. "There's no way we're getting rid of Mercedes, 
and I don't think we'll be going out in the evenings much either, certainly not enough for you to 
work off the whole window.  But you know, there is one thing you can do for me." "You name 
it," said Sherry eagerly.

"You know, I began, "there's no point in worrying about this at all at this point.  I called my 
insurance broker and I'll check the situation out with him later, and maybe the whole problem 
will just go away.  Until then, I'm just going to try to relax, and I'd appreciate it if you would stay 
here and keep me company for a little while.

Sherry looked simultaneously relieved and somewhat uncomfortable.

"Uh, sure, I guess." She said slowly.

"Great!" I exclaimed.  "I'm going to put on my swim suit and relax by the pool for a little while.  
There are some extra suits you can choose from in the back bedroom over there.  Here, let me 
top you off."  I refilled Sherry's nearly empty glass and waited.  I could see that she was 
confused by my instructions, since her house and her own swimsuit were right across the street, 
but nonetheless, she picked up her glass and slowly headed into our spare bedroom.

Later, I tossed back another shot and lay back on the lounge, feeling the warm glow of the 
tequila in my belly, and the sunshine on my skin.  I looked over at Sherry, who was sitting on the 
edge of her chaise, hunched over in almost a fetal position.  She had chosen a fairly conservative 
one-piece swimsuit. Although it was no bikini, it was cut low in the back, and I admired the taut 
skin of her back and the glimpse of her lycra-encased chest peeking out from under her arms, 
which were clasped around her knees. Something about her vulnerable posture and exposed 
flesh produced in me a powerful reaction.  I had the sensation of the ground tilting under me, to 
lift me up above the pool so that I was looking down on Sherry and the boys playing in the yard 
next to the pool.  It was as if someone had pointed a cartoon gamma ray on me, turning me into 
a massive giant.  I felt muscular and powerful, and although I still didn't know exactly what I was 
doing, I knew it was time to act.

"Hey Sherry, come here.  Would you put some of this on my back."  I said, holding up the 
sunscreen.  It was more of a command than a question.

"Ummm... sure." She replied, hesitantly.

I lay down on my stomach and waited.  Sherry had to bend way over to reach me, and I stared 
directly down her top at the curves of her medium-sized breasts. She hesitated, unsure how to 
begin, and I maintained my gaze, noting her awkwardness.  "It might be easier if you kneel on 
this." I said handing her a towel.

Sherry knelt at my side and began rubbing the sun- warmed lotion into my shoulders.  It was a 
delicious sensation, in no small part due to her obvious reluctance.  When she was done with my 
back, I said, "You might as well do my legs, too."  I made sure she could feel the firm muscles 
of my thigh and hamstring as she smoothed the fragrant goop into my skin.

When she was done, I sat up and announced that it was her turn.  Without giving her a chance 
to protest, I grabbed the lotion and squirted it directly onto her shoulder.  I began rubbing it into 
her shoulders with a massaging motion.  I slowly stroked her back and neck, working my 
fingers under the thin strap that tied the suit around her neck, testing its tightness and her 
reaction. "Here, lie down" I said, as I eased her face down on the lounge.

I straddled her back and resumed the massaging action on her exposed skin.  With my weight 
across her legs I literally had her pinned to the chair.  I leaned way down as I applied the third 
or fourth coat to her shoulders, so that my face was right next to her cheek and my hot breath 
rustled the loose strands of hair around her face.  I noticed her eyes were closed and her mouth 
hung open slightly.  I knew that she was in my control, and imagined taking her from behind right 
there on the chaise lounge.

My tumescent cock was perfectly aligned with the soft globes of her ass, and I began to imagine 
pulling the crotch of her swimsuit aside and sinking my spear into her vulnerable core.  Just then 
I was able to snap myself out of my reverie.  This situation was ripe for much more than fantasy.  
Suddenly it became clear to me what I had to do.

I ran my hands across her back and down her side, along the edge of her swimsuit where her 
breasts swelled against the fabric.  Her tits were pressed firmly against the lounge, causing them 
to jut out of the conservative suit.  I found the exposed orbs on either side and stroked them 
firmly with my fingertips.  Her breathing was coming in short, shallow, gulps, and I could feel the 
tension throughout her body, but she kept her eyes closed and lay immobile under my touch.  
Without hesitating, I slid my fingers under the edge of her swimsuit, loosened by my earlier 
exploration, and along the outside of her breasts.  There wasn't enough play in the fabric to grip 
the fleshy mounds, so I just slid my fingers along her soft skin until I reached the edge of her 
prominent areolas.  I paused, letting Sherry wonder what I would do next, and then slid my 
hands forward just an inch more, until my fingertips were resting lightly against the hard nubs of 
her swollen nipples.  She gasped lightly at my touch, and with a slight smile of satisfaction, I 
withdrew my hands from her chest.

I shifted my weight down her legs, allowing my hands access to her lower torso, and began 
rubbing her hips and thighs where her skin met the edge of her swimsuit.  Without any hesitation, 
I slid my hands underneath the suit and grabbed her meaty cheeks in both hands.  I kneaded her 
ass-meat firmly, as if it were the most natural thing in the world for me to be massaging the 
naked flesh of this married, hitherto chaste neighbor woman.  I brought my whole hands into 
play, sinking my thumbs into her soft tissue as I squeezed and pulled at her pliant ass.  I couldn't 
see it because of the swimsuit obstructing my view, but I knew that as I drew her fleshy buns 
apart I was exposing her puckered anus under the fabric and that she would feel her sphincter 
stretching tightly from my touch.

"I need to get her inside the house," I thought to myself, in order to continue my manipulation.  I 
found my opportunity when I heard her omit a small sob.  I pulled my hands from her ass and 
sat up to see tears slowly rolling down her face and onto the cement of the pool.  "I'm so sorry," 
she whimpered quietly, "I never meant for this to happen."  I don't know whether she meant the 
window, or my uninvited groping of her ass, but it didn't really matter.

"It's okay," I said, stroking her hair lightly.  "Come on, let's go inside and get you fixed up."  I 
pulled Sherry gently to her feet and put my arm around her shoulders.  She sniffled quietly into a 
towel as I issued some hasty instructions to Mercedes and hustled Sherry inside.

I led her to the spare bedroom and guided her to the edge of the bed, locking the door behind 
us.  I handed her a tissue and sat down next to her on the bed. "Everything's going to be okay 
Sherry.  I promise." I told her.  "I know you didn't mean to do any of this, but sometimes things 
just happen, and we deal with them the best we can."  I placed my arm around her and pulled 
her tight against me.  She buried her face in my shoulder as I caressed her back and decided to 
go for the kill.

I gently untied the string holding up the top of her swimsuit and rolled down her top, undressing 
her like she was a small child.  Sherry sniffled softly, but made no effort to stop me or cover up.  
I ran my hands over her skin and softly cupped her naked breast.  I noted that her nipple was 
rock hard.  "Stand up" I instructed her quietly.  Obediently she rose from the bed and stood in 
front of me.

What a sight!  Sherry stood before me with her head bowed, looking at the ground.  Her 
swimsuit hung loose around her waist and her breasts were exposed and heaving slightly from 
her sobs.  Her nose was red from crying and a single tear stained her cheek before falling to the 
carpet.  I savored the sight like a masterful work of art, which, in a way, it was.  Her breasts 
weren't large, probably just "b" cup, but they were surprisingly high and firm.  Her areolas were 
perfect wine-colored silver dollars topped with small bullet-hard nipples.  She was plump, but 
not fat.  I observed with satisfaction that her stomach was still flat and smooth, with just a hint of 
a bulge near her flaring hips.  Overall, her extra flesh gave her a vulnerable softness that made 
me quiver with the force of my appetite for her.  Only it was Sherry who would be doing the 
dining.

I took her hands in mine and lifted her chin to look into her eyes.  "You've been a very bad girl," 
I scolded Sherry harshly.

"I know!" she cried, tears springing anew from her eyes as she blurted out a series of hasty 
apologies.

"Quiet" I ordered, holding up my hand to cut her off. "You've said and done enough for one 
day.  Breaking my window, which you can't pay for, and then coming in here with a bunch of 
excuses and parading around half- naked, as if that would somehow make me forget what 
you've done.  Well it won't work."  I grabbed her nipple and squeezed it hard as I accused her.  
She flinched but did not cry out as I twisted the hard nubbin.  "Now, it's time for you to start 
fixing some of the problems you've caused around here, and I'm going to make sure you do it 
right."

"You can start by taking off my trunks to see the damage you've caused."  Slowly but 
unquestioningly she sank to her knees in front of me and began to fumble with the drawstring of 
my shorts.  Her hand brushed against my rampant erection as she struggled with the knot, 
causing my cock to twitch.  She pulled my shorts down and off, and my cock sprang out, red, 
swollen and angry.  "Look at that," I reprimanded.  "Look at what you've done!"

The look on her face was priceless.  Confusion, shame and lust all played across her features as 
she gazed at my throbbing organ.  I had never experienced such feelings either.  The control, 
perversity and corruption I had wrought over this woman in such a short time were exquisite, 
and I wanted to savor the moment.  I was overcome with a rush of desires and conflicted about 
what to do next.  I wanted to toy with her some more.  I wanted to bend her to my will, to strip 
away her veneer and make her beg to perform more and more perverse acts.  But my lust got 
the better of my discipline, and as I stared down at Sherry kneeling submissively in front of me, 
breasts heaving, moist lips slightly parted, there was only one thing I could do.

"Suck it," I ordered.

Obediently, Sherry leaned forward and slid my throbbing cock into her mouth.  "Suck it hard -- 
and do a good job" I growled.  Sherry's cheeks hollowed as she literally sucked with all her 
might.  She began to bob her head slowly up and down, taking me deeper into her mouth, all 
the while sucking my pole as if it were a giant straw.  "Faster!" I grunted, and Sherry began to 
increase her tempo.  Her technique wasn't very good, but her abject compliance more than 
made up for it.  Her fine black hair fell in my lap and tickled my groin.  I brushed it aside so I 
had a better view of her oral ministrations.  For a moment, I became detached from the 
situation, as if I were watching from outside my body.

I could see myself lying back on the bed, with my feet on the floor and Sherry kneeling 
submissively between my legs, nursing on my engorged schlong.  I could see Sherry's lips 
pursed in a perfect "o" around my cock, and her eyes tightly screwed shut as she pistoned her 
head up and down my shaft trying to bring me off.  I was vaguely aware of the door to the 
bedroom, beyond which Sherry's kid was happily playing, and a few hundred feet away, across 
the street, her own bedroom, where her husband was unknowingly sprouting horns as I 
plundered his wife's mouth.  I was somewhat stunned at this turn of events.  I had not known 
that I possessed this kind of power, or that it would be so easy to compromise Sherry this way, 
or that I would enjoy dominating her sexually so much.

My reverie was interrupted by my rising need to come. I reached down and grabbed Sherry's 
soft, pink ears to guide her head on my cock.  I pulled her firmly into my groin, driving my 
swollen glans deeper into her gullet.  I began increasing the pace of her head on my shaft, 
combined with a back and forth motion of my own hips so that her lips were flying over the 
veiny surface of my tool.  Frequently my cock would burst out of her sucking lips with a pop, 
spilling her saliva over her chin, before slamming back into her humid mouth.  Taking complete 
control, I held her head steady and began fucking her face furiously.  I stroked deep into her 
mouth, pushing farther into her throat with each thrust.  Sherry gagged slightly, and soon I could 
hear occasional faint retching noises as I battered her tonsils with my throbbing pole.  I felt my 
crisis building from deep inside of me, and with one last thrust I drove my cock all the way into 
Sherry's mouth.  Her nose was lodged firmly in my pubic hair and my shaft was buried deep in 
her throat, where I erupted, firing my steaming load directly into her stomach.  After a few 
explosive spurts, I pulled back a little, draining the rest of my hot load into Sherry's receptive 
mouth.

As my orgasm subsided, I pulled back and allowed my cock to slither wetly out of Sherry's 
ravaged mouth, trailing a sticky mixture of saliva and semen.  I looked down and chuckled out 
loud when I saw Sherry. Her face was a mess.  Her hair was disheveled and she was gasping 
for air like a marathoner at the end of a race.  Her lips were puffy and swollen from my 
conquering tool and her chin was covered with a sheen of our juices.  Long strands of sticky 
mucous dripped from her nose and covered her cheeks and upper lip.  I couldn't tell whether 
the slime was a result of her crying or my spunk shooting out of her nose when I came, but 
either way, she was a mess.  She steadied herself with one hand on my thigh, while the other 
was buried inside the remains of her swimsuit, frantically rubbing her clit.  I sat back and 
watched as her frenzied strokes brought her closer and closer to her release, until she finally 
went over the edge with a shudder and a restrained, almost dainty whimper. "Well," I said, as 
she slumped against the bed, totally drained, "We certainly made the best of that situation, didn't 
we."

- END CHAPTER 1 -


Author's note:

This is my first submission to ASSTR.  Thanks for reading and please let me know how I did.  
Comments and feedback of all sorts will be much appreciated.  
Send feedback to anawfulcad(at)gmail(dot)com.

Alternatively, cut and paste this link in your browser to be taken to an
anonymous feedback form: 
http://www1.asstr.org/cgi-bin/ah_feedback.cgi?id=TTGCWNVYZDOQVETAQLXY


Find Chapter 2 of Reversal of Fortune, and more stories by An Awful Cad at
http://www1.asstr.org/~An_Awful_Cad/ 


