The wall comm chimed and Megatron looked up from the book file to stare at it in curiosity. It chimed again and he rose, pressing the connection button.

“Megatron,” Prime said, “have you been in contact with any of the Decepticons?”

Megatron paused, focusing on the wording, fighting back against the urge to say more than he wanted to tell. “I have contacted no one as ordered, Prime.”

“Just checking. Would you mind meeting me at the front entrance? We have a guest.”

In the background, Megatron could hear a cacophony of voices, all raised and panicked. “Am I walking alone?” he finally asked.

“If you can find the way.”

Megatron snorted. “Of course I can.”

“Then I shall meet you there. Prime out.”

The comm was disconnected before Megatron could ask just how the frag he was going to get out of Prime’s locked quarters. Figuring he could hack the lock since meeting his master was his current order, he walked to the door. It slid open as it sensed him. Megatron stopped for a moment, surprised and confused.

He could have left the room any time he wanted?

He snorted and walked out. Of course he couldn’t have left before, he had been ordered to stay in the room. Obedient little pet that he was.

As he left the Officers’ quarters area of the Ark, the halls became busier. Autobots were scurrying around, and seemed to flow away from Megatron but in the direction he was heading. He received looks of fright and shock when they realized he was alone.

That was nice, and Megatron smiled at them just to make them stumble and run away.

Mood greatly improved by the time he reached the entrance, Megatron walked directly to Prime without acknowledging anyone else. “Your guest,” Prime said, waving his hand out beyond the shade of the entrance.

Megaton followed the gesture, and felt an optic ridge pop up at the sight of Laserbeak standing out in the middle of the road that led in. He was shifting, dancing from foot to foot, and squawking quietly in distress. Or fear. Probably fear. Laserbeak wasn’t really his bravest warrior. Of course, why in the name of the Unmaker would Soundwave send Laserbeak here fully exposed?

“Shall we?” Prime said, and made to move forward.

“Sir, I really must object!” Red Alert said. A chorus of agreements sprung up behind Megatron and Prime.

“Yeah!” someone called out. “Let’s get him!”

Prime turned. “Stay back unless an attack occurs,” he ordered, and Megatron was impressed to hear the hard edge to Prime’s voice. Finally making them obey.

As soon as Megatron was clear of the Ark, Laserbeak lifted off, hovering until Megatron held out his arm for him to land on. Laserbeak watched Prime warily, low chirps emitted as he hunkered closer to Megatron’s body.

“So long as you don’t try anything, Laserbeak, no harm will come to you,” Prime said.

“Play the message,” Megatron ordered. Laserbeak hesitated, head ducking down, and chirping pathetically again.

“Play the message, Laserbeak,” Prime commanded, sounding as if he was just barely holding back one of those damn sighs.

With one more chirp, Laserbeak obeyed, a miniature holographic image of Soundwave appearing, his voice playing at a low volume that would keep any of the Autobots from hearing the message. “Situation discovered. Suggested course of action: Cooperation to prevent Starscream from taking complete command of the Decepticons. Offer: Two decacycles ceasefire and suspension of raids once Megatron returned to full capacity and Decepticon Command.”

“Would you honor that?” Prime asked.

Megatron nodded. “Get me back to normal, and I’ll give you three. Share some of your resources so a raid isn’t necessary, and I’ll give you four.” He cycled his respiration carefully, fighting the rather strong buzz of discomfort. Slaves don’t think about a life without their masters. “Continue, Laserbeak.”

“I will continue to research whenever possible. Decepticons unaware of situation. Believe Megatron is a prisoner. Laserbeak shall relay your decision.”

“Why is Soundwave your Third in Command? He’s so much more reasonable than Starscream.”

Megatron snorted in amusement. “Soundwave would always be a target if he outranked Starscream. This way we can both keep our optics on him.”

Prime nodded in acceptance of the answer, no doubt completely mystified by Decepticon politics, and focused on Laserbeak. “Inform Soundwave I accept, and already have my own medical and science staff working on the issue as well. I’d like to arrange communications. Something that perhaps won’t have every Autobot on the base charging their blasters.”

“Prime!” Megatron and Prime both turned to see Prowl hurrying toward them. “Teletraan just picked up Decepticon activity.” He was eying Laserbeak with suspicion etched upon his face.

“Where?

“Texas. An Oil refinery.”

Prime glanced between Laserbeak and Prowl. “Soundwave is using that as a distraction to allow Laserbeak to come here.”

“If Starscream notices, this could end badly. I know that little fool very well. If he learns of my status, he’ll stop at nothing to gain control over me,” Megatron growled.

Prime nodded but it was Prowl that spoke. “We could give Laserbeak something to return with that he could show, keeping your conversation private.” Prime was still nodding, but Megatron arched an optic ridge and waited. “I suggest we chain Megatron in the brig, perhaps add a few cosmetic blemishes-“

“An excuse to pound me? I’m surprised and rather impressed, Autobot.”

Prowl managed to look right down his nose at Megatron despite being quite a bit shorter. “Nonsense. I meant smear oil, maybe drip some half purified energon through your seams. You hardly look like a prisoner that’s been in our brig for a month.”

“That is a good idea. Red Alert will fritz though when he hears we’re going to let Laserbeak into our base on purpose,” Prime said.

Prowl dipped his chin in a nod. “I’ll begin setting it up, and have Ratchet on standby to deal with Red Alert.”

Megatron snickered. “And why is poor glitchy Red your Security Director?”

“He’s good at his job,” Prime answered. “A little too good at times, but there is no one more competent or creative when it comes to protecting the Autobots. He’s just… a little high strung at times.”

Megatron grinned. High strung was an understatement given all he had witnessed.

It took little time for a plan to be organized and executed. Megatron sat on a berth, optics dim, and forced himself to slump a little in the chains binding him to the cell wall. He looked up, brightening his optics slightly as Laserbeak squawked. The Autobots chosen to play his ‘guards’ began shouting and shooting. Then Laserbeak was flying fast, and the Autobots were chasing him.

It was all quite melodramatic, and Megatron began chuckling as Prime stepped out of a different cell. “Enjoying yourself?” Prime asked, removing first one set of chains, then the other.

“Oddly, yes.”

Prime laughed a little, and removed the final cuff from Megatron’s ankle. “Now that that’s dealt with we better put in an appearance in Texas. Can you find my quarters from here?”

“Yes, Prime,” he sighed in irritation, then cursed. Unicron take him! Now Megatron was picking up Prime’s damn idiosyncrasies!

Prime seemed not to notice, leading Megatron from the brig. “Good. Go there, feel free to clean up, and entertain yourself however you do. I’ll stop by when we return.”

“Yes, Prime.”

“Megatron?” He stopped turning back to look at Prime. “We really are trying to free you.”

He rolled his optics, and turned away, muttering about soft-sparked idiots. Not to mention trying didn’t mean slag when Prime came back to his rooms in the evening and Megatron had to submit to him again.