Being A Slut At A Bar And Club
by Collen102186

My experience of submission and exposure continues.

The following story is true to the best of my recollection, some of the conversations have been constructed to convey the discussions that took place, but I cannot guarantee they were the actual words. In answer to another question, I do practice safe sex, and, condoms are used, I do not mention that as it interrupts the flow of the story.

I am a shy person at heart. I get embarrassed when I feel people looking at me, and until a few weeks ago just the thought of being naked or having sex in public would have made me blush bright red. I would have been excited at the thought. If you would have told me that would have happened, I would have not believed you, yet somehow it had.

As some background, I am a divorced woman in her mid-thirties. I am reasonably attractive but having had 3 kids I know that my body is not as good as it once was. I am about 5 ft 2 in, 115 lbs. and have large A cup or small B cup breasts depending upon the designer. My ass is the only part of my body I like, it is nice and curvy, and I do enjoy wearing tight-fitting jeans and skirts that show it off. I am not an experienced submissive, I was first introduced to the idea as a teenager when I read the Beauty book series by Anne Rice, but I never had the chance to explore that interest until recently. Meeting Sir K and being reintroduced to a former colleague Rachel had opened that world, and I had jumped at that opportunity and have already done things I would not have believed.

It was a Tuesday morning, my phone vibrated, and I saw that I had received a text from Miss Rachel,

"Slut, I am giving you a choice, you will either be a naked model for a life art class, or you will let Sir K and I choose your clothes and take you out to a bar and club. Respond within 30 minutes." I looked at my phone, unsure which would be worse. I sat staring at my phone, procrastinating. The clock ticked, 10 minutes, 15, 20, 25 ... I typed

"Bar and club," and hit send. If I had chosen to model, I would have been naked for hours, in front of people telling me how to pose. It would have been so humiliating. The bar and club are public, there is only so much they could do to me there!

The week passed, and I put the weekend adventure out of my mind, until Friday afternoon. Returning from work I saw a box waiting for me by the front door. I took it inside, my heart pounding as I wondered what they had chosen for me. I opened the box and lifted out what was inside. The box contained a bright red bra and thong, lacy and skimpier than I would normally wear. There was a black mini-skirt and a sheer black blouse. Overall, I was not too worried, this was much less embarrassing than I had been scared they would have chosen for me.

Saturday came around, and I got ready for the night out. I put on the outfit, and I was not too upset. The bra was clearly visible through the sheer material of the blouse, but I was very happy with the way that I looked. Rachel pulled up in an Uber and following instructions I went to join her without wearing a coat or jacket. During the fifteen-minute car ride, we made small talk, but the journey was uneventful. We pulled up outside a bar, there were a lot of people milling around and the music was playing loudly. We walked into the bar, it was so busy we had to squeeze past a few people, but eventually got to the back of the bar where Sir K was sitting at a table.

I hate to admit it, but the evening was very enjoyable! We talked, had a few drinks, a few guys came past, and I flirted with them a little. After a couple of hours, and more than a couple of drinks, Rachel leaned across to me. She placed a hand on my inner thigh and whispered

"We are going to the bathroom," she took my hand and we walked through the bar to the bathroom.

The bathrooms were trendy and large, and when one became vacant Rachel pushed me inside and followed, locking the door behind us. She smiled at me,

"Strip!" I looked at her shocked,

"You want me to what?" I said in shock. The bathroom was private and clean, so it was not a bad place, but I was

"You will strip now, place your hands behind your neck, and let me inspect you." Rachel said in a confident voice, "Now!"

I took off my clothes quickly and stood there naked. She slowly walked around me, and I felt her fingers running over my ass, my stomach, my breasts. After a moment or two, she stood in front of me and made me suck on her middle finger, and after pulling it out of my mouth she looked straight into my eyes as she slowly slipped that finger into my pussy.

"Oh my, you seem to be a little bit wet my slut," she pushed her finger in and pulled it off me repeatedly, "Such a willing little slut." With a cold smile, she pointed at the toilet, "Use it, you are a little slut and will have no privacy unless I say so. Use the toilet now."

Sitting naked on the toilet, having to pee in front of someone staring at you is one of the most embarrassing things I have done. My face was flaming red as I sat there. I didn't know if I should comply or just say no and walk away, but for some reason I did it. I humiliated myself for her once again.

While I was on the toilet, Rachel had picked up my clothes. In her left hand, she had the bra and panties, in her right the sheer blouse and short skirt.

"Pick now, right, or left?"

"What do you mean?" I looked at her incredulously.

"Pick what handful of clothes you will wear out of here, the bra and panties or the blouse and skirt!"

I stared and stared, and my mind raced. I could not just walk out in bra and panties; this was a full bar! However, the blouse was sheer, and I was sure that if you looked hard you would be able to see my breasts and nipples and the skirt was mid-thigh, my ass and pussy would be barely covered. I thought for a moment and there was no choice. I hung my head,

"Right, I will wear the blouse and skirt." She tossed them to me and standing I put them on. I looked in the mirror, and you could see the shadow of my breasts and slightly more clearly my areolas and nipples, the worst part was that my nipples were hard. Rachel then reached into her purse and pulled out what was a collar. I stared at her in silence as she fastened it around my neck.

Taking my hand, Rachel unlocked the door and started to lead me back to our seats. Walking through a crowded bar in almost nothing was a very different feeling. I am sure that Rachel walked back via the longest and most tortuous route, making sure that we walked past several groups of guys. With a bra on having to squeeze past people was not that much of a problem, however every time I had to do that now my sensitive nipples were brushing against the smooth thin material of my blouse, and I could feel their bodies against my breasts.

We got back to the table, and Sir K let his eyes slowly run over my body, making it obvious that I was being inspected. He spoke,

"Sit opposite me on the stool," pointing to the stool opposite him that was facing the room. I sat; bar stools are always a challenge for me as I am short, so I must climb on in an ungainly fashion. I perched on the stool, my knees together but Sir K spoke again, "Put your feet on either side of the stool and keep your knees spread. I want your pussy visible if anyone looks this way".

The bar was crowded, and it was difficult to see across the bar so possibly nobody could see me displayed, but the fact there was a chance was both embarrassing and exciting. We had two more drinks as we sat and talked until Sir K looked at his watch,

"It is time we moved on," and he called an Uber. We walked outside and standing on the street I felt much more exposed. I could feel the cold air on my naked pussy and through the thin material of my blouse. I was starting to get cold, fortunately, the Uber arrived, and we jumped in. I was sitting in the middle, with Miss Rachel and Sir K on either side. They each placed a hand and a knee and pulled my legs apart. I looked at the driver and realized that he could not see what was happening, so I relaxed as I felt both of their hands starting to run up and down my inner thigh. I closed my eyes and started to relax, getting excited by their touch. I felt Miss Rachel move, leaning across me and her hand slipped between my legs. As she and Sir K started to make small talk, one of her fingers slide into my wet pussy, and her thumb started to rub on my pussy. I bit my lip, trying to keep quiet as the waves of pleasure coursed through my body. I could feel myself getting close to orgasm and was very disappointed as I felt the car slow and stop. Trying not to flash people on the street I got out and looked at the unmarked door a little confused.

"I thought we were going to a club," I said.

"We are, and this is it, but maybe not the type of club you were expecting," Sir K said, and he led us through the door. There was a narrow, steep staircase inside the door, and we walked up, and the doorman checked out IDs before letting us inside.

The club was dark inside, there was a large main area with some comfortable-looking chairs and sofas, with several arches and doorways leading off the main area. The biggest shock for me however was the clothes, there was a lot of exposed flesh, and people were dressed in fetish wear. I looked to Sir K, who smiled at me, and I heard a snap, as Miss Rachel clipped a leash to the collar that she had placed around my neck in the bathroom. Sir K walked across to one of the sofas and sat. I moved to follow, but I felt the leash go taught as Miss Rachel pulled it.

"Follow me, slut," she said in a loud voice and yanking the leash she led me through one of the doorways. I followed and was shocked at what I saw. There were people in various stages of undress performing multiple sexual acts. Some were tied up or attached to furniture, being played with, or beaten or fucked. Some were out in the open, but some of the areas had curtains pulled across and I could only hear the sounds from inside. I think my eyes must have been wide with shock, and we stopped walking as we looked around. My attention was on the scenes taking place before me I didn't notice what Miss Rachel was doing at first. She was rolling my skirt up until it was around my waist like a belt, my ass and pussy now completely exposed. Taking my hands, she placed them in the small of my back and told me to hold them there. She pulled the leash, and I stumbled after her, blushing as I walked after her on a leash with a bare ass and pussy.

We got back to the main area, and Sir K was sitting with some other people. I was standing, unsure of what I should do.

"Kneel slut," Miss Rachel said, and I slowly sank to my knees. "Hands behind your back, kneel up straight. Get your knees further apart," she snapped at me.

I followed the orders and knelt there as the others just talked. I was shocked, people treated this as a normal thing. There was a practically naked woman on a leash kneeling in front of them, and they just behaved as if this was normal. This went on for a while, and I could tell that Miss Rachel was getting bored. She flicked her wrist and the leach jumped in her hand and jerked my neck.

"Stand slut," she barked at me, and I rose. She stood as sell, and dropped the leash, "Now strip completely".

I dutifully took off the blouse, which didn't hide much anyway, struggled a little with the skirt that she had rolled around my waist before I finally got it off, and stepped out of my shoes. Now that I had taken the heels off my lack of height was even more obvious, the top of my head was only just level with Miss Rachel's chin. She pulled on the leash, and once more I followed. We walked around again; except this time, I was completely naked. As we walked my heart almost stopped. There was an older, very stern, professional-looking lady staring at me, the problem is I knew her! I was standing naked and leashed in a club and staring straight at me was the attorney that my ex-husband had used during the divorce. This woman had made my life a living hell for 18 months, and now she was walking toward me.

"I think that you have captured the rare greater freckled colleen," she said to Miss Rachel, "If I had known that she was into this all our meetings would have been so much more enjoyable, at least for me." A fake smile was on her lips, but her eyes were still cold, "May I touch?"

As Miss Rachel nodded consent, I felt the attorney's hand close on my breast, and she squeezed my nipple hard as she pulled it, making me wince. I am not interested in pain, but I was not going to let her win anything more from me, and I hid my pain. My heart almost stopped with shame as she touched my pussy and ass before she walked away. Fortunately, Miss Rachel wanted to continue with our walk, and we left. This had been my greatest fear about exploring my submissive side, what if I met someone I knew. Now it had happened, and I didn't know how I felt.

We got back to the main area, and once more I knelt in front of Miss Rachel. She beckoned me closer and pushed her foot between my legs. Her foot was touching my pussy, and my clit was pressed against her ankle bone. The most humiliating part of this position was that I was wet, debasing myself in this way was turning me on!

"I want you to grind on my foot and ankle slut," she said. With a group of people looking on, I started to grind on her. The feeling of the pressure on my clit made me shiver, it may have been the alcohol taking over but I lost track of who else was there, and all I could think of was the feelings from my pussy as I ground on her. I shuddered and felt the excitement, the thrill spreading through my body.

"Stop!" Rachel snapped, "You have covered my foot and ankle in your slutty juices. You will lick it off. Now on your knees, with your ass high in the air, lick my foot and ankle clean."

This was pure hell, I was so close to orgasm again, and yet again I was stopped moments too soon and was once more displayed. My wet, desperate pussy was visible to anyone walking past. As I cleaned her, I felt some rough, large fingers on my pussy. The fingers stroked me, opened my pussy lips, exposed me, and then slipped into my wet pussy.

"Sir K," a deep voice said, "I think this slut of yours needs to be used."

"Yes, I believe she does," and Sir K stood.

The two men took one arm each and led me through one of the doorways. There was a padded sawhorse just inside the door. I was bent over it. Sir K stood by my head, and the anonymous man was by my feet. Sir K knotted his hand in my hair, and as I felt his cock by my lips, I opened my mouth and started to suck as the other man slid his cock into my pussy. They began to fuck me, spit roast me over the sawhorse. Once again, I felt the pleasure building, I tried to ask permission to cum, but my mouth was full. Unable to hold it off I felt the orgasm run through my body. They continued to fuck me, fucking my mouth and pussy and it went on and on. Unable to control myself I had another orgasm, and as I came, I felt first the unknown man, and then Sir K both orgasms. They pulled out, and I lay exhausted over the sawhorse.

Miss Rachel brought over my clothes, and as my mind was in a fog over what had happened, she helped me dress and helped me from the club. The Uber ride home was very quick, I got out, walked to my front door, and walked in. This night would take me a while to process.
