Tina was not sure whether trusting Sue Sylvester was wise or not. She was naturally skeptical. The state of the world was something that she had obviously not contemplated much beforehand, because she had never realized that talk around McKinley High School plus suspicious internet activities could lead to Mike getting in trouble. She did not really know how deep the national turmoil was and she knew that she could be walking right into a trap. Also, the woman had never, ever been nice. She tortured the Cheerios, tortured Tina’s Spanish teacher and was generally feared by the student body.

Of course, Tina had to agree that nobody would ever suspect Sue of being the head of an anti-slavery movement. She always seemed so structured, so orderly and so obedient of the law. She had a segment on the local news that Tina’s parents caught now and again, something that forwarded the idea that she was a straight laced, law abiding and slightly deranged woman.

The one thing that tipped Tina onto the side of believing Sue was Brittany. Brittany Pierce, the ditzy cheerleader with the mentality of a child, who had suddenly had more clarity in her eyes than Tina had ever imagined she possessed. It was strange, but now Tina did believe that Brittany’s normal behavior was an act. There had been something so world weary and sad in her eyes that Tina had to believe.

Tina believed.

Even though Tina decided that she believed in what was happening, it did not make the actual decision any easier. Her friends and family would never see her again and would believe that she was dead if Sue went with the suicide pact option. Could Tina deal with her mother and father believing that their only daughter was dead? Yes, Tina had been distant from her parents and yes, they weren’t close lately, but how could she subject a pair of parents to the ultimate horror, just so she and Mike could be free? She would be dead to the world that she had once known, so that she could have the world she craved so much.

It wasn’t long, of course, until Mike entered the room. They were always joined this way but even more so now. “Tina, are you alright?” Mike asked gently, leaving her to stare and shake her head a little bit. She was so unprepared to talk to him about this but there he was, sitting on her bed next to her and looking at her with big, imploring eyes.

“I found a way for us to escape,” she whispered. She knew that it was shocking to just lay it all on the line like that, but there was no beating around the bush with this one. “I found a way for us to leave this all behind Mike, and never look back, but we would never be able to look back at all. We would be dead to this world.”

Mike frowned, uncertainty evident in his eyes. “What are you talking about?”

Tina sighed deeply. “There is this woman at my school,” she said, turning to Mike and facing him. “Her name is Sue Sylvester and she always scared the crap out of me. She’s revealed herself to be a fighter for the resistance and has offered us a way out of here, across the ocean to where there aren’t slave laws.”

“You believe her?” Mike asked softly.

“I have to,” Tina said. “I know that it doesn’t make a lot of sense but I have no reason not to believe her.”

“How about the fact that you’re now a suspect for illegal activity?” Mike asked her, his voice dark. Tina could not get over the haunted tone in his voice or the demons lingering in his eyes. She knew that he had been hurt, badly.

“I just know that I can trust her,” Tina said, sighing. “She’s done it before, to one of my classmate’s slaves. The only thing is, in order for me to accept her offer, she is going to have to make it seem like you and I killed ourselves. The whole world here would believe that you and I couldn’t live like this anymore and decided to pull a Romeo and Juliet.”

Mike swallowed deeply, but he didn’t say anything. His face was tense.

“I mean, it’s all I’ve dreamed of lately, you and I, escaping to a place where nobody could hurt us. I’ve dreamed of marrying you Mike, calling you my husband and not a piece of my property. I’ve dreamed of us having kids and being free to live our own lives, get careers we want and be with who we want. It’s a dream.”

Mike looked her in the eyes. “You’d lose your family,” he said. “Your friends, your life here, it would all be gone.”

Tina nodded.

Mike bit his lower lip. “At risk of stating the obvious,” he said, “I have nothing to lose here. I would be more than willing, but Tina, you could lose everything in this one. Am I really worth it?”

Tina looked up at his question and into his eyes. He had come into her life, a slave. She had been overcome by the lust that he caused the sensations that just looking at him gave her body. She had been overcome by greed as well, the entitlement of a rich girl who wanted to possess another human being. After that, she had been overcome by love for him. She adored him. She wanted nothing more than for she and Mike to be forever.

“Yes, you’re worth it,” she said, leaning over and kissing him on the lips.

He kissed her back and she realized that she had to say yes to Sue’s offer. She couldn’t live in this world, or this torment. She had to be free, no matter the cost. This wasn’t just about Tina and the boy she loved. This was about what was right in the world and what was so very wrong.