Dean’s blood sings as he moves in the moonlight. Geri is strong and eager within him, scenting the air as Dean rushes through it and thrilling at the countless traces of life coating the concrete and glass and plastic and steel of the city around them. Not even the last, faint hints of car exhaust from the traffic of the day are enough to spoil the moment. Not when that soot-green scent is in his mouth, and the familiar grey burst of gunpowder, and Sam’s warm, comforting musk nearby. Dean doesn’t know how he lived for so long without that smell—the hue of a wheat-field drenched in sunset reds and oranges—coloring his world.

::Hunt now, think of Sammymate later:: Geri says, and the reminder of what they’re doing sets up a baying in Dean’s blood that’s still too new to be anything but intoxicating.

He thought he’d have trouble doing this, after the Arena. He thought the memories would overlay everything like ghosts and choke him with regret. But he’s too close to Geri to see this as anything but pure—anything but separate from those nights in the Arena, under the ground, away from the moon and the air and the wide, wide world.

If he’s ever taken again, Dean knows that the first thing he does will be to find a way out. He’ll chew through his own fucking wrists if he has to. He’ll tear his throat open with his own fingernails.

He won’t be shut up again like that. He can’t be.

Not after he’s had this.

“On your left!” Sam yells, and Dean doesn’t even bother to look—he can hear it coming, can smell it. He just turns the gun, lets loose another bullet, and the iron takes the gremlin high in the throat. The force of the shot tumbles it backwards under a car, but the soot-green scent of it (like evergreens overlaid with exhaust) is already fading and Dean knows it’s dead.

There are more of the bastards, of course, and Dean’s immediately moving on to the next. He’s never heard of a nest this large, but he supposes downtown Detroit is the perfect breeding place for critters that like fucking with machinery.

::Flank,:: Geri snarls as it nudges Dean’s attention behind him, where there are two more gremlins lunging for his back. He turns, puts a bullet in each of them and reloads in the space of a breath.

Even as quickly as he and Sam can move these days, it’s another few minutes before all the gremlins are down and the barrel of Dean’s gun comes out of the encounter painfully hot to the touch. The street around them is littered with misshapen bodies—most small and spindly, but some the size of ponies. The soot-green scent is settling, clearing out the air and calming Dean a little, although Geri is just as energetic as ever.

“We get them all?” he asks, turning in a slow circle.

“Yeah,” Sam answers—no hesitation or doubt—and as Dean finishes his turn he finds Sam there, close enough to touch and looking at him intently. There’s an odd, tight expression on his brother’s face, and Dean’s chest goes wary.

“What?”

“You’re not hurt,” Sam says. He sounds surprised, which makes Dean feel even more anxious as he shakes his head.

“Why would I be?”

“I thought I smelled—” Sam starts, and then his face twitches and he shuts his mouth with a snap.

“You thought you smelled ...” Dean prompts.

“Nothing. Come on, let’s get out of here. Sun’ll take care of the bodies for us in a couple of hours.” He grabs Dean’s arm, ready to pull him toward the rust-bucket of a car they’re using these days, but it’s too late. Dean already caught whiff of it himself—no mistaking that scent, above all others.

Blood.

Geri has snapped to attention inside of him, hackles raised and muzzle twisted into a snarl. Dean can feel his own throat vibrating in a low, nervous growl as he takes a step around Sam and forward.

Sam moves with him, getting in front of him again. Getting between Dean and the source of the smell. Panic is sharp on Sam’s face, in his eyes.

“Dean, don’t.”

This time, Dean doesn’t bother going around. He shoves Sam to one side instead, darting forward before his brother can catch his balance and following his nose into the shadows of an adjacent alley.

The scent is stronger here. Thick and coppery, it slides in red-red-red sunburst patterns across Dean’s vision. He thinks about shoving Geri back so that the world isn’t quite so much of an acid trip, but he doesn’t. He needs the wolf close right now. Needs the comfort as he walks over to the dark, shaking shape against the alley wall and crouches beside it.

A boy. Maybe fifteen, but surely no older. Dark skin made darker by the filth of living on the street. The whites of his eyes are vivid in contrast, and the gleam of his teeth, which are bared in an agonized grimace.

Dean moves without thinking, getting in even closer and scenting where the boy is holding his stomach—scenting blood. He’s terrified he’ll find the telltale whiff of gunpowder or lead that tells him he missed his mark. Tells him he fucked up and hurt this kid, maybe got him killed.

The wound is sooty, and green, and not his doing at all, but this close the scent of the blood is overwhelming. Dean feels his grip on the present slipping, feels himself falling down the rabbit hole and back into the Arena, into the ring, where it always smelled like blood after the first, inaugural night because no matter how often they scrubbed it clean the scent never really came off.

His hands feel wet. There are slick, slippery things against his palms—someone’s insides—and the taste of copper on his tongue. There are bits and pieces of flesh caught between his teeth.

Dean lost count of the fucks—didn’t want to pay attention after a while, didn’t want to know—but he remembers every life he took. He remembers the way they felt when they died, the way he could feel the change in their lax skin. He remembers how the smell of shit and urine and panic—a gassy, yellow smell—would overlay the blood for a few seconds before evaporating into the air and leaving him with his hands full of meat and bone.

I’m sorry, he thinks. The only reason he isn’t saying it out loud is that his body has locked on him, frozen in a cascade of red. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.

Somewhere in the distance, Geri is whining and sending pulsing waves of reassurance and love. Somewhere in the distance, Sam is calling his name, and touching him, and trying to lift him to his feet and away from the past. Somewhere in the distance, the boy’s breath has gone wet and labored.

“I called an ambulance,” Sam says in his ear. “Dean, do you hear me? They’re on their way. They’ll take care of him.”

Sam is touching him, Dean realizes suddenly. He’s known it for a while in a vague kind of way, but for the first time it strikes him as reality instead of just a stray fact and the thought that he’s getting all of that blood and filth on his brother makes him recoil with all the speed he can muster. His back hits the far wall of the alley a fraction of a second later. Sam’s eyes are still tracking him but the boy’s have closed—not dead yet, but heading that way.

“Dean, this isn’t your fault,” Sam says, rising slowly with his hands held in front of him.

He’s right about this one, Dean sees that, but that doesn’t change the fact that Dean has blood on his hands, that he reeks of it, that he’ll never be clean. His heartbeat is thundering in his chest and all he wants to do is run, all he wants to do is throw his head back and howl because the freedom he was reveling in minutes before is nothing but an illusion.

The walls are of memory now instead of stone and metal. Instead of the weight of the earth over his head, there’s an ocean of blood to drown him. But he’s just as trapped as he was in the Arena, conscience keeping him bent over and on his knees and nose-deep in blood.

He’ll never be free. Never.