------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT-------------------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. You must be 
21 years of age to read. The characters in this sexual fantasy 
story are imaginary, and are not a representation, in any manner, 
of any real world persons or groups or organizations.


NOTES FROM THE AUTHOR:
This story is based on a series of letters from a sissified 
male to the man who introduced him into sissy-hood. 

Story Content: (TV/TG, MM)

Letters To Rufus - #1
By: Es2c

	Dear Rufus,

	Just a little note to let you know how much I enjoyed 
being out with you last night.  I know it didn't start out 
as a real date.  However, after I got to know you better, 
it did seem like one.
Even though our initial meeting started out a bit 
rocky, I was very pleased that later in the evening, we 
found much common ground. 
I was very scared when you first  pulled a knife on me 
and made me suck your handsome, steel hard cock in that 
hotel men's room stall.  I mean your hard black meat was 
rigid and hot.  However, after a few minutes of you pushing 
and pulling it out of my mouth, my fright seem to drain 
away and replaced with a warm feeling of delicious delight.  
I didn't know what was coming over me, but obviously you 
detected I wasn't as mechanical as I started out.  Remember 
you telling me not suck and slurp so loudly because you 
feared someone might hear me? 
I didn't know quite why at the time, but I knew I 
liked what you were doing to me.  Later after you finished 
using my mouth and I'd swallowed all your hot jism, I 
neither felt scared anymore or angry.
I think you understood then that we both had been 
mutually benefited by the encounter.  You got rid of the 
hot cum that made you hard up, and I received what I needed 
to light the sissy fire in me that had apparently been 
lying dormant.
When I realized that I liked what had occurred, it 
helped me compose myself and listen to your explanation of 
what drove you to mouth rape me. 
	 Before I go on, I must say your hot creamy cum tasted 
delicious.  As I told you, I've never tasted another man's 
semen before, especially since I'd never sucked a penis 
before.
	Well anyway, your thinking I was making a come on to 
you when we were at the urinals together was wrong.  I 
wasn't.  However, mother has told me before that my eyes do 
that have that sort of "come hither and come take me look".  
She told me that one day that and my feminine facial 
appearance would get me into trouble.  So therefore, I can 
forgive you for assuming I was signaling you that I was 
game to suck your lovely dick. 	Like you said, as we 
talked about the incident afterward, maybe subconsciously, 
that is the signal I've been sending out along and I was 
lucky enough to have you receive and act on it.  No matter 
about that now.  Either way, you thought you received it, 
and acted on your belief because you needed relief for your 
horniness.
	Rufus, I want you to know, last night was like I was 
in a type of strange dream.  I meet a lot of people in my 
job as a hotel accountant, and all around hotel office 
flunkey, but you were definitely different that other 
people I've run into.  I surprised myself that I went with 
you after you forced me to suck on your tool.  But I found 
you so easy to talk to.  I guess it did help for my tummy 
to be full of your hot cum too.
	The black tavern you took me to was a nice place.  I 
never have been around many black folks before, but I 
enjoyed being there with you.
	When some of your buddies jokingly accused me of being  
your white sissy fag, my face turned red, not out of anger, 
but because I wondered if they knew how close they were to 
the truth, especially since I was sitting there with a 
wonderful warm load of your sperm in me.
	Anyway, I appreciated you introducing me as a friend 
of yours.  I'm sure you know I picked up from between the 
lines of the conversations you had with your buddies that 
you like to occasionally sex sissies.  I didn't get turned 
off by that.  In fact, I'm really glad fate brought us 
together.  
	As I said earlier, I loved what happened between us in 
the hotel restroom, including the bit of roughness you 
showed when forcing me to suck on your very stiff penis.  I 
too was surprised at how easy I suckled you and swallowed 
all you shot off in my mouth, even though you fucked my 
face as if it was a pussy.  I have to agree with and accept 
your assessment that I'm a latent, or subconscious, closet, 
dick sucking sissy, that loves the taste of dick cream. 
	I also must let you know, I really adored you telling 
me to suck you off again, before you dropped me off at my 
place.  My wish came true. When you placed my hand on your 
cock and had me caress and finger it through your pants, I 
was hoping you'd have me take you in my mouth again. 
Feeling your dick swell up in my hand was so thrilling as 
well as was the taste of your hard cockmeat for the second 
time last night.  Your hot creamy jism was the perfect 
nightcap for what turned out to be a romantic evening for 
me.  I felt so delightful going into my house with your hot 
cum coating the inside of my mouth. Having your hard dick 
between my lips seemed so natural.  It's such a thrill when 
you shoot off in my mouth.  Both times I almost came in my 
shorts.  Speaking of that, I had to jack off after I got 
home.  I thought about your adorable black dick the whole 
time I was pulling myself off.
	Also, I was so excited about what happened that I just 
had to tell mother.  I still live with her at home, as I 
told you. 
 She'd hinted several times before that maybe I was a 
little too femmy as to why I didn't have a girlfriend. It's 
just that I've never had much luck with them and didn't 
seem to want to take the time to pursue the ones I did find 
somewhat interesting. However, I didn't take her serious 
until I tasted your dick and it's sweet creamy cum.
She was so happy that I'd discovered she was right. 
She's always sort of thought of me as a daughter anyway, 
especially since my dad ran away when I was about 2.
	I hope you see fit to call me.  I'd love to have your 
hard dick between my lips again.  I don't mind if you just 
want to see me when you have a hard-on, or can't find some 
pussy to fuck.  That's fine with me. I can accept that and 
would love being on the receiving end of it whenever you 
need me to be.  

Sincerely,

Reginal
(Maybe you should call me Regina - You Like?  That could be 
our code name for when you wanted me to be your mouth 
pussy- just a thought)


END OF LETTER #1
LOOKOUT FOR LETTER #2, It will Arrive Soon

Comments: es2c@hotmail.com
