Schoolgirl Lexi by Chris Hailey and Lewd Lexi, Copyright 2021

Story codes: Mg10, ageplay, oral, first, audio script

Summary: Lexi's always had a crush on Mr. Johnson, the fifth grade math teacher. So she visits him for some one-on-one tutoring.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Author's note: This is an audio script I wrote for my favorite audio artist, Lewd Lexi. If you'd like to hear her recording of it, visit her website at https://lewdlexi.com. Be sure to leave a comment for Lexi, and tell her that I sent you!




Hey guys and girls, it's Lexi! Today, just for you, I'm playing a ten year old fifth grader. I'm wearing a schoolgirl uniform--of course I am! A pleated tartan miniskirt that's a little too short for the dress code, but the teachers are forgiving of girls my age because we grow so fast, and besides, all the male teachers, and plenty of the female ones, love seeing a girl like me in a miniskirt that shows off my legs, from my patent leather maryjanes and my frilly ankle socks all the way up to a little peek at my skinny thighs. I have a princess collar schoolgirl blouse on, and a tie that matches my skirt, and I've got the tie pulled loose and the top couple buttons of the blouse undone because it's kind of warm today, and it's after school now so no one cares.

I'm a little nervous. I'm standing outside the door to Mr. Johnson's classroom. He's the fifth grade math teacher, and I need to ask him for some help with algebra. But that's not why I'm nervous. I'm nervous because Mr. Johnson is sooo cute. I totally have a crush on him, and I would love it if he felt the same way about me. But he's a grownup, and I'm just a kid, and he's married and everything. But still. I get nervous around him.

Well, it's time to get help with my algebra, I guess.

[Knock knock]

[Sound of door opening]

"Hi Mr. Johnson!"

Mr. Johnson is sitting at his desk, and he looks so nice as he smiles at me, my heart is fluttering! But I'm trying to sound casual.

"I know you're busy, Mr. Johnson. You're probably grading our homework. [Sound of door closing.] Have you graded mine yet? I don't think I did very good. Math was easy in the fourth grade, but it's so much harder now that I'm in the fifth grade! I try to pay attention in class, but, I get distracted. It's not my fault though! There's just... there's stuff in class that distracts me. So do you think you could help me with my math? Is it okay if I sit down?"

Of course he says yes, and I sit down, right on his desk in front of him. I can feel my cheeks blushing!

"If I don't get a better grade in your class," I say to him, "Mrs. Hall isn't going to let me be a cheerleader anymore. And I know how much you like it when I wear my cheerleader outfit!'

Mr. Johnson chuckles, and then he starts writing on a piece of paper. I lean over to watch. "Okay, so..." I say as he writes, "2x plus 3y equals..."

Suddenly I notice that his eyes aren't on the paper anymore. He has such beautiful blue eyes! If he and I ever have babies, I hope they have his eyes! I'm all fluttery, looking at his beautiful eyes, but I realize he's not looking at my eyes. Nope! My blouse has fallen away from my chest because I'm leaning over, and he's looking right down my top!

Mr. Johnson is well-known for looking at girls, but he never seems to pay any attention to me, probably because I'm just a kid. I hardly have anything on my chest at all. He seems to be mostly interested in girls like Alice Bellman. She has the biggest boobs in all the fifth grade. But right now, Alice Bellman's not around, and it's my shirt he's looking down! It's making me feel kind of hot.

"It's really warm in here, Mr. Johnson,' I say. "Do you mind if I take this stupid tie

off?" Of course he doesn't mind, so I take it off, and then without even thinking I unbutton the next button on my shirt. I mean, it is really warm. But I can see how Mr. Johnson might have misinterpreted. He seems pretty excited when I lean back down over the paper again.

"Okay," I say, "2x plus 3y..."

Oh man, I can tell he's really looking down my shirt now. And I know he can see everything. He's looking right at my nipples! Right at my little boobies! I'm so hot, my face is burning and I know it must be bright red. I can't help myself, though, I reach up and pull open the shirt a little bit more.

Even though I'm really crushing on Mr. Johnson, I'm pretty nervous about where this is gonna go, so I'm a little bit disappointed, but also kind of relieved, when he stops staring down my top and goes back to writing on the paper. I try to pay attention, but I'm really distracted now. All I can do is just pretend that I understand what he's doing. And the whole time, his eyes keep flitting up, taking little peeks down my shirt.

"Yeah, I see what you're doing, Mr. Johnson," I say. I mean what he's doing with the algebra, but I think he misunderstands. He thinks I mean that I know what he's doing with his eyes! 'Cause he's smiling as he jots down a new problem on the paper and tells me to solve it. I sit back up and hold the paper in my lap and, honestly, I think I'm figuring it out! Maybe I do understand algebra! But I notice he's looking at my legs now. I know what he wants to see. He's always looking up girls' skirts whenever he can. So while I'm working on the problem, I open my legs a bit, and lift my skirt a bit, so that he can see my panties.

Oh, wow, how he stares! He's as bad as all the boys! They always want us girls to lift our skirts so they can stare at our panties. All I can do is just smile at him while he stares. I'm all hot and flush and I can feel that my panties are starting to get wet and I'm very nervous and embarrassed, but I'm also really excited. Maybe Mr. Johnson likes me after all!

"Mr. Johnson," I say, wanting to make him like me even more, "sometimes, when us girls show our panties to the boys, they ask us to pull them down. I know I'm just a kid and I don't have any hair or anything down there, but do you want me to pull them down?"

Mr. Johnson says, yes, he does! He's really horny now, I can tell! When I do this with the boys, their dicks always get hard and stand up inside their pants. But they just have little dicks. Mr. Johnson's is standing up inside his pants, too, but it's not little! I'm really excited as I pull my panties down and let them fall to the floor. And I sit back and spread my legs and lift my skirt and now Mr. Johnson is staring right at naked my ten year old pussy.

Some of the boys, when we do this, like to take their dicks out. I think they like to show them to us. Can you imagine how excited I am when Mr. Johnson starts unbuckling his pants? He wants to show his dick to me, too, just like the boys! Even before he pulls his underwear down, it looks so huge! And when he pulls his underwear down, it springs up and oh my gosh! It's so big and thick, I would even say it's fat. Mr. Johnson has a big fat dick!

He's sitting there in his chair staring at my pussy while I'm sitting on his desk with my skirt up and my legs open, and he wraps a hand around his fat cock and starts rubbing it. Sometimes the boys do this, but sometimes, they offer us girls a dollar if we'll do it for them. So I'm like, "Mr. Johnson, sometimes the boys give us girls a dollar if we rub their dicks for them. Do you have a dollar, Mr. Johnson?"

He says he only has a twenty. And he says, "Do you have change?"

I giggle. Of course I don't have change for a twenty! So I say "No," and then I say, "Maybe this time I can do it for free, if you promise you'll give me a dollar next time?"

Of course he promises!

His dick is so warm in my hand, and it's so fat, I'm feeling incredibly excited and hot, so I'm like, "Mr. Johnson, it's really warm in here," and while I'm rubbing his cock, I unbutton all the rest of the buttons on my shirt and open it up. He's staring at my tiny boobs and I can feel my little nipples getting stiff. Then I put my hand down between my legs and I start rubbing my clitty while I rub his dick.

And then... Right then... There's a knock on the door!

My eyes go wide, but Mr. Johnson is all business. He puts his hands on the top of my head and pushes me onto the floor, and right as the door opens, I scramble under his desk and he rolls his chair in, so that the person can't see that he has his pants pulled down.

I hear Principal Simmons say hello to Mr. Johnson and he says hello back. I'm pushed right up against the back of Mr. Johnson's desk, and I can't move or anything because his chair is in the way. Principal Simmons is talking about something, and Mr. Johnson answers, and I realize that Mr. Johnson's cock is right in my face! His fat cockhead is literally right up against my mouth!

One boy I play with, an older boy in middle school, always says he'll give me five dollars if I let him put his dick in my mouth. I've never done it, but now here's Mr. Johnson's dick, right in front of me, and I just can't help myself. He'll have to give me five dollars next time! I can hear Principal Simmons and him talking, and I open my mouth and his cock slides right in.

I love the way his cock tastes! I can't believe I've never done this before. I should have sucked that older boy's dick the first time he asked! I love the way it feels in my mouth, his head is so fat it fills my mouth completely. It makes me slobber and my spit is dripping down his dick. I manage to get one hand free and I wrap it around him and he's wet and slippery as I start sliding my hand up and down and sucking on his head. The whole time, he's all casual, just chatting away with Principal Simmons!

Finally I hear the principal say, "Talk to you later," and the door closes. Mr. Johnson rolls his chair back, and his cock isn't in my mouth anymore and I'm so disappointed! But he reaches under the desk and grabs my arms and pulls me out. He lifts me up and sets me on his desk again, and he grabs his wallet and stands up and takes out the twenty dollar bill. He hands it to me and he says I can have it if I let him put his cock in my pussy!

I can't believe it! Twenty dollars! That's more money than I've had in my whole life! But now that he's standing in front of me, I'm looking at his big fat cock and I don't know. I don't think it'll fit! But I guess because I took the twenty dollars from him, he thinks that means I said "yes," and he puts a hand on my chest and pushes me back, so that now I'm lying down on his desk. I can't see what he's doing but I can feel it. I can feel him pushing his fat cockhead against my little pussy slit. I'm so scared, I just know it's gonna hurt, and I want to tell him to stop, but I took his twenty dollars and I feel like that means I shouldn't say no. Then he pushes in, and it starts to hurts. I cry out, "Mr. Johnson, it hurts!!"

He says, "Shh! Quiet!" and he pushes in again and it hurts even more! But I know I'm supposed to be quiet, so I just turn my head to the side and whimper. He pushes in even harder and it feels like his big fat dick is tearing my little pussy open. I know that's what he wants to do, he wants to tear my ten year old pussy open with his dick.

He pushes in a few more times, and it hurts so bad, but eventually I can feel that he's going deeper. I can feel his fat cock stretching me wide open. And he starts pumping his hips, and his dick is sliding in and out. Mr. Johnson is fucking me, oh god he's fucking me! He's going so deep, his big fat cock is forcing me open, forcing me wide open. It still hurts and I'm still whimpering, and tears are rolling down my cheeks and splashing onto his desk. But he doesn't care, he leans over, holding me down with both hands on my chest, and his fingers start pinching my little nipples, pinching and squeezing and pulling, and my nipples are so sensitive, oooh, it hurts but it's like lightning shooting through my body, and I can feel my pussy get so wet, my pussy's just sloppy now, slopping all over his cock and his balls and his desk.

And that's when I realize that I'm gonna cum. Oh Mr. Johnson I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum all over your big fat dick while you fuck my ten year old brains out!

Mr. Johnson will you cum with me? I want you to cum inside me, I want you to make me your bitch, your fuck toy, your cum slut. Oh my god Mr. Johnson cum with me, cum with me right now!

Ooohhh! [ad lib orgasm]

It seems like Mr. Johnson cums forever. He just keeps pumping sperm into me. And I keep cumming, too, each time he slams in deep and shoots more cum, it's like a whole new orgasm for me, I'm shaking and moaning until he's finally done and he pulls out.

I'm sloppy and sticky and gooey between my legs, and my pussy is sore, but she's happy. She's Mr. Johnson's little pussy now, his little slut hole, and she's so happy!

"Thanks for helping me with algebra, Mr. Johnson," I say as I sit up and start buttoning up my shirt. "And if you ever have another twenty dollar bill..."

He promises me that he'll always have another twenty dollar bill! And he tells me he knows I'm gonna do great on the next test and Mrs. Hall's not gonna kick me off the cheerleader squad. Then he shows me to the door and slaps me on the tushy as I leave, and after he closes the door, I realize that I forgot my panties! Oh well, I figure, he can keep 'em. He paid for them! And twenty dollars is a lot of money for a pair of panties!




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
