April's Debasement
by ValerianXIII

It was supposed to be just a normal day in Sister Judy's 12th grade class. The first hour was going to be about Mathematics where they would be going over dimensions and measurements. The class had went over all this before but Miss Judy liked to do a final recap before upcoming tests. Boredom was already setting in for most of the class and they were entrenched in a rather mundane Tuesday. But thanks to one of their fellow students along with their teachers penchant towards enforced humiliation this day would be anything but mundane.

Forty three year old Sister Judy had been teaching at this school for over 15 years now. Over the last few years everything about her job began to feel stale. The repetitiveness of it all was really starting to set in driving her a little mad. She longed for something to spice up her routine but knew there was little chance to find that among her fellow nuns. So lately she had turned to her students for some kind of diversion.

You see Sister Judy began to take considerable enjoyment in not just embarrassing but downright humiliating her students. Only lately had she started using her position of power for that purpose but up until now it had not been the level of intensity she desired.

There was a time she made one of her more timid girls sing in front of the whole class. She remembered the tingling sensation she enjoyed as the girl blushed profusely while croaking out the song.

Then there was a time where she fastened a rather ridiculous baby bonnet around a girls head. once again she began to feel that exiting tingle as the girls face grew redder and redder. She began to realize that silly and childish clothing on a shy young woman might be some of the most powerful forms of humiliation and they mortified expression confirmed it every time.

It had been months since she had done something like that and ever since had been patiently waiting for the opportunity to humiliate one of her students like that.

Today might be that day, she thought to herself earlier that morning.

So when she noticed April dozing off to sleep during her lesson, she decided to pounce on the moment. April had no idea that her minor transgression would lead to such dire consequences. "APRIL!!!" Sister Judy shouted startling the girl leaving her fully awake.

"April am I boring you?"

The startled girl replied quickly "No Sister Judy. I'm sorry Sister Judy"

April was already blushing a bit a being the center of attention.

Sister Judy could barely contain a cruel smile. This is exactly what she was hoping would happen.

"Sorry?! Sorry isn't going to be good enough this time April. Stand up please.

April who was seated in the second row back wearily complied.

"This isn't the first time you've fallen asleep in my class is it April?"

"No Sister Judy" She replied meekly.
Although April was usually well behaved she did have tendency to fall asleep in class. As a matter of fact she had already been punished on two other occasions.

The first time April had to write " I will not fall a sleep in class." a hundred times.

Then the second time she had to stand in a corner with a dunce cap on her head witch she actually found to be really embarrassing.

Her classmates had no pity for her and teased her mercifully all week long about it.

But all that had been months ago and she was trying to be very careful not to get herself into any kind of trouble like that again. But she just couldn't help it this time and her eyelids felt so heavy as Sister Judy had droned on and on.

Sister Judy had some kind of three strike system she had always talked about but nobody really knew what any of that meant until now. Miss Judy reached into her desk pulling out the humiliating bonnet when one of her students raised there hand. It was Sally a girl April absolutely detested that sat at the back of the class.

"Sister Judy, I think you should know about something April did that was much more serious than falling asleep in class. You may even want to consider a harsher punishment when you hear what i have to say."

Sister Judy raised an eyebrow. This had surely got her full attention. Deep down she was hoping for something that might warrant a harsher and more humiliating punishment.

Meanwhile April was panicking inside knowing fully what Sally was about to reveal to her teacher and the class. The day before April had snuck away with a boy from a different class only to get caught by his teacher Sister Hazel who came looking for him, when she showed him just a little peak of her panties before class.

Sister Hazel had been to busy to bother to reporting it only scolding them both in the hallway. April thought she had got off easy but now it was going to haunt her.

Sally explained in detail exaggerating some things a bit. April tried to deny some of it but there was no use really and it only made her look like a liar on top of it all.

Sally carried on with the story making it sound like she had shown him all of her underwear in front of the whole school.

Sister Judy just listened on seeming shocked and appalled by such whorish behavior. April was overwhelmed with dread as her story had been horrifically twisted by that girl she so hated.

Sister Judy turned her attention back to April with a look of disgust. She was overwhelmed with dread as her teacher shot daggers with her eyes at her.

"As for you young Lady...." Sister Judy left the sentence out there just watch April squirm while she thought up some new way to deal with the errant girl.

I think given the gravity of the situation we need to come up with a punishment that's a bit more...creative..something far more embarrassing than just this.." Sister Judy returned the silly bonnet to her desk drawer closing it for now.

April's heart pounded while the rest of the class was on the edge of there seats as they watched the scene unfold in front of them.

"Yes , I think I may have something a little bit more interesting for you to wear."

Sister Judy smiled to herself when she looked down at her bottom drawer. A couple months earlier she had found an old Sunday dress in one of her lost and found boxes. There was no doubt why they had lost it. No girl her age would want to be caught dead in it. It was a babyish pink color with short puffy sleeves and a white lace collar with pink weave all through it. The skirting was short and would end rather far above the knee.

April was thin yes but she was one of the taller girls in class. Sister Judy wondered just how it would fit on her tall lanky frame.

"Yes I have just the thing...Please remove your shoes and socks." Sister Judy instructed

April was horrified she had no idea what was to come next but she began to plead with her teacher. "Please Sister Judy I'm begging you.. i'll never do something like that again... I promise I've learned my lesson please."

But there was no turning back for Sister Judy as the pleading only brought about that exiting tingle she had been craving all this time.

"Oh believe me after today you certainly will learn your lesson. Now hurry up and get those shoes and socks off and bring them up here."

Amongst some quiet giggles April took of her socks and shoes and made her way barefoot to her teachers desk.

To April's utter horror Sister Judith began to carefully unfold the dress before presenting it to her and the class. She presented both sides eliciting more giggling from the class.

"Do you know what shame clothing is April?" As she alternated displaying the dress from different sides. She took April's socks and shoes and put them into the still open drawer where the dress came from.

April was starting to shake with nervousness. "Please Sister I can't something else please. Not this.." Sister Judith ignored her pleading and asked the question again.
"Answer the question April. What is do you think 'shame clothing' is?"

April fidgeted nervously." Clothing that would..shame someone..."

"That is exactly right April an i am sure when you wear this in front of your classmates you will feel an extreme sense of shame."

Sister Judith Pushed the dress closer to April's body secretly sizing it up on the girls lanky frame.

"Here you are April. I want you to go back into the cloakroom get out of your clothes and change into this." She ordered.

But April was too mortified too even move she felt frozen into place. But Sister Judith knew just how snap her out it. With just the right amount of force she slapped the girl clear across her stunned face. This elicited a few tears building up in her big brown eyes.

April needed no further persuasion as she reluctantly took possession of the dress and began heading for the cloakroom.

"Now make sure you take off ALL of your clothes including your underwear. Then once you are completely naked you are to slip on your pretty new dress then come out and show off your new look for us."

Sister Judith studied the girl one last time before she walked away trying to imagine what she might look like naked. She had some suspicions about a few things and would find out soon enough.

"Hurry up now you have wasted enough time I'm sure your classmates are eager to see you model your new dress." Sister Judy called after the girl.

When April reached the cloakroom she immediately threw the dress on the table not wanting to look at it directly.

April began to unbutton the top of her school shirt dreading what was to come next. She contemplated for a moment believing she could still bargain. Sister Judy may I please at least keep my underwear on it's so short I...

Irritated ,Sister Judy interrupted right away. "You should be naked by now. No underwear what so ever under that that dress. As a matter of fact if your not out here in JUST your pretty new dress in two minute I will be forced to come back there strip you naked and dress you myself." The class giggled at the idea and April cringed at the thought.

So she resigned to her fate continuing to unbutton her school shirt and then undid her skirt letting it fall at her feet. It was already such a bizarre feeling to be in just her bra and panties with her teacher and whole class just a few feet away.

"You have one minute left. If your not out by then I'll drag you out here no matter how your dressed and put you over my knee front of the whole class." The class laughed out load in unison.

April hurried up but instead of taking her underwear off like she had been told she decided to put the dress on with her bra and panties still in place. She would never know the difference anyway so why did it really matter? She convinced herself.

April was already anxious enough Sally and her cronies would probably love every minute of her humiliation not to mention all the boys throughout the class.
She knew the laughter was only going to get worse the moment she stepped out of this room.

"Okay April you have run out of time come out now! or I'm coming in...."



April could hear significant snickering already from the class before she even stepped out. With butterflies in her stomach April poked her red face out and saw the faces of 35 students mixed male and female staring back at her. She quickly retreated back inside leaning her back against the wall taking a deep breath.


"Time's up April!!" her teacher called out.

This was her cue to finally emerge looking straight down amongst all the laughter as she beelined it straight to her desk.

She self consciously kept her bare knees together after she slid into the wooden desk and pulled the short Sunday dress as low she possibly could. Either way she looked left or right she was sure to find her gaze met by a host of grinning faces.

Even Sister Judith was beaming with delight at the humiliated girl. That tingle in her body was giving the teacher so much pleasure and she wasn't even close to stopping now.

Sister Judith always had a dominant side, with strong bend towards humiliation, especially when it involved certain females. Here she had this Slender brown haired doe faced girl under her complete control. Out of all her other choices it was April she would have picked over all others to play victim to her deviant desires. She felt that tingle in her body grow and grow but she only wanted more and there was no telling what extreme she could take things to.

"April would you please come up front so we could all get a look at you." She did so keeping her eyes downcast as she shuffled to the front of the class by Sister Judy.

"My you look lovely in your new dress, April" She could hear more giggling from the classroom behind her and she turned redder.

"Your blushing so much your face is beginning to match the pink on your dress. I think we should share this with the class, don't you?"

With that being said she grabbed April by her wrist turning the girl to face the class. Sister Judy did a full circle around the girl eyeing her from top to bottom. She could feel the shame emanating from the girl as she stood in front of her peers.

"You can return to your seat now and if you behave I'll take the dress back at 9:30." April returned to her seat glancing at the clock. it had just turned 9 so that meant thirty more minutes in the dreadful outfit. She was sure to stay awake at this point.

Sister Judy had already made up her mind. There was no way April was getting her clothes back anytime soon. Although she hadn't said anything Sister judy could make out the faint outline of her bra and panties through the pink dress when she circled the girl.

She let some time tick by before taking her next action. Miss Judy called on one of her students from the back of the room. She was well aware of the dislike between April and Sally and purposefully chose her for this next task.

"Sally would you please go and retrieve April's clothes for me?"

April stiffened up not expect this turn of events at all. She figured about 15 more minute were left and and this would all be over.

After just a minute Sally returned with April's button up shirt, jacket and skirt in hand and brought them to the front of the room.

"Lay them on my desk please Sally."

Sally did just as she was told grinning over at the nervous April who eyes were focused on the outfit.

"Thank you Sally." The teacher said.

Sister Judy began going through April's clothes one by one setting them aside neatly. The whole time Sister Judy maintained a bewildered look on her face as she searched through them. April's heart was pounding as she understood what her teacher was up to.

"Sally are you sure all of April's clothes are here. We seem to be missing some underwear."

"Yes Mamm I'm sure." Sally answered promptly.

"I didn't see panties or a bra while i was back there Mamm. She must still be wearing them."

April's heart pounded in panic but she had one last idea that might get her out of this.

"I know where they are Sister I'll get them." She said as she rose from her desk to run back to the cloakroom.

"You stay right where you are young lady!" Sister Judy barked. "Sally will get them just tell her where they are."

Sister Judy was really enjoyed watching the slender girl squirm in her seat.

"What did you do with your underwear April? Did you hide them? You had better not be lying to me girl."

For April the situation had grown hopeless as she was slowly backed into a corner. Looking down at the floor April confessed quietly.

"I'm still wearing them."

"You What!" barked Sister Judy pretending not to know what was going on. Didn't i tell you no underwear at all under that dress! Answer me Young lady!"

"Uh..I didn't know you meant my underwear too. Sorry I guess I just forgot..but I can still go and take them off if that's what you want Sister."

April was struggling now to come up with something that allowed her out of this situation gracefully.

"It's a little late for that now missy. You have landed yourself in hot water this time! Come up here right now."

April kept her head down and eyes cast to the floor as she made her way to the front of the class.

"What are we going to do with you silly girl?" it's one thing after another. Lie after lie. I suppose making you wear that silly dress just wasn't shameful enough. So since you love showing off your underwear so much how about you show it to the entire class!"

Sister Judy reached for the hem of April's short summer dress.

"Arms up! Straight up into the air"

"Arms up! Straight up into the air"

April's jaw dropped and her eyes grew wide like saucers. But she didn't move a muscle.

"Arms up before I put you over my knee in front of everyone!"

Not willing to risk a public spanking April quickly complied shooting her thin arms straight up into the air.

Sister Judy wasted no time turning the dress inside out draping it over her outstretched hands.

The was a collective gasp mixed with laughter from the class as The back of April's black panties and bra strap were completely exposed.

The dress had the effect of covering her head while the rest of the material settled just above her bra.

Since April's eye's were covered she couldn't see Sister Judy's wide grin as she studied her panties and now obviously padded bra. She could only sense the teacher as she made another full circle around her inspecting her from every angle. of course there was constant snickering and whispers from the class the whole time. She could feel her face burning with shame as she just stood there with underwear on display.

"Are you happy with your decision to keep you underwear on? Do you like showing of your underwear to the class?"

April shook her head from side to side at the same time said. "No Sister Judy."

"I didn't think so but the class seems to find it interesting enough. "Would like to turn around and show them a view from the front?"

"Without waiting for her to answer Sister Judy Slowly turned the girl around to face her peers. Her only relief right now as she couldn't see there faces as they giggled and laughed at her skinny frame, clad with her full cut lacey black panties along with the bottom of her bra cups on display.

Sister Judy turned April back around so that she was facing her once again. "I think it's time we started are English lesson for today before anymore time is wasted. It looked like April would be standing as a centerpiece while Sister Judy started her lesson.

"Class, how would you diagram this sentence?" April could hear the rapid clicking sound as the chalk met the chalkboard along with some light snickers from the class behind her.

"Sally could you read this sentence out loud for the class please?"

April could hear Sally holding back laughter as she started to read it out loud.

"The naughty girl disobeyed her teacher and then lied leaving the teacher no choice but to pull her..<giggle> silly panties down in front of the whole class!"

April's body tensed up and her knees clamped together realizing what was coming next.

"April I have you standing there exposing your underwear because you didn't take them off like I told you to. She explained to her and the class. "Then you tried to lie to me about it, So a punishment is due."

April shuddered as she felt fingers in the waistband of her panties. She started to react but was stopped immediately. "Don't you dare lower your arms while I take these down!" She barked.

April started to panic. Please no.. you can't do this no...!"

"Oh I sure can young lady!" Sister Judy said unable to hide the glee in her voice as she got down to one knee. She took her time savoring the moment looking back at the wide eyed class then back to the trembling girl in front of her.

"Ready One...!" Sister Judy counted while April started pleading again. "Two...!" Sister Judy didn't count to three though and instead whisked April's panties straight to her ankles.

"Noooo!!.." April cried but was drowned out by the roar of laughter coming from the class at the sight of her rather slender bare butt.

April was breathing heavily now inside her dress as the cool air conditioning made goose bumps form immediately across her pale bottom.

Sister Judy took a step back to admire the sight of this skinny shy girl writhing in shame at her exposure.

Sister Judy bent down pulling the panties off of April's feet one at a time giving the class another show as her slender white cheeks shifted as she stepped out of them.

"You won't be needing these for a while. You are far too immature to be wearing something like this!"

April cried out, muffled still by the dress around her head. She could only imagined what kind of image her friends and enemies were getting while her teacher could see her bare front.

April stood there shivering from the cold and the humiliation as her bottom shook for the delight of her classmates. Sister Judy whispered in her ear. "What a show your putting on for the class! Everyone can see your scrawny white butt and I can see your front!!" For a senior April had a rather full brown bush although it did little to conceal her pink lips.

April begged her teacher to stop but she was just to caught up in the moment to care. "Would you like to turn around show everyone your front?" Sister Judy seemed to be feeding off of April's shame as the girl pleaded no more.

Sister Judith gently turned the girl by her shoulders but she stiffened up immediately. "Still defiant I see..well you will certainly pay for that later. For now though I think it's time for you to show your shameful face to you classmates. Go ahead put your arms down."

April put her arms down and the silly dress came down with it covering her exposed bottom. Sister Judith just marveled at her work so far noting April's glowing red face. " You can go take your seat now April."

She was still shaking but relieved to be able to take her seat again.

"Before you sit down I want you to gather up all your clothes from my desk." Sister Judy paused for a moment allowing April to sigh with relief as she picked up her clothes.

"And I want you to toss them out the window!"....…


"And I want you to toss them out the window!"

Sister Judith enjoyed the horrified expression as April stopped in her tracks.

"Don't worry April if you can stay out of trouble for the next hour I'll have someone get them for you before recess. Now don't dawdle! Do as your told young lady!"

The distraught teen really had no other option at this point. She took up her bundle of precious clothes and after a brief pause tossed them out the second floor window where they settled in the grass.

Sister Judy seemed pleased and she couldn't hold back her grin.

" Now, April if you would please take a seat so we could move along to are history lesson....."

April hurried back to her desk and took a seat. She could feel the smirks from Sally and her friends almost burning into her still blushing cheeks but she decided to ignore them. It was a minor victory sure but she wasn't going to allow Sally to get her in anymore trouble.

Sister Judy began explaining the fall of the Roman Empire as if nothing had happened leading April into a false sense of security. Although she was quite uncomfortable April kept her eyes focused forward mentally drowning out the leering classmates around her.

"So you see it was a multitude of factors that brought down the Western Roman empire hundreds of years before the eastern half." Sister Judith explained droning on once again. April wasn't a history nerd by any means but her attention was fully focused on her teacher right now not wanting any more trouble.

But April was already doomed she just didn't know it yet.

Sister Judith looked up at the clock just as it was reaching that hour. April's heart leapt with relief at first when her teacher spoke.

"Okay, April it has been an hour I'll be taking that dress back now."

April had a somewhat puzzled expression. She had to get her clothes back first, right?

"Okay but can someone go and get my clothes for me please?" She asked nervously.

"Absolutely not. I told you that you would get your clothes before recess. Well recess is still another hour away so you won't be getting those back for a little while still."

"But the good news is you don't have to wear that silly dress any longer and your shame clothing punishment is over for now. So if you could hurry up and hand over that dress we will move on with our history lesson."

A suppressed gasp could be heard and the students all stared in unison. Mouths agape eyes practically burning a hole into the girl.

April's puzzled expression slowly turned to fear as she began to understand what her teacher meant. Her expression brought slight tingle up the teachers spine.

"But..but I don't really have much on under this..I mean..I.." Sister Judith cut her off.

"You aren't supposed to having anything on under that
yet you still do. Isn't that right?"

"But..but.." Sister Judith cut her off again as she marched furiously toward the girls desk. "But nothing! The next butt better be yours and I want it bare and in that seat now!! Hand over the dress!"

The teacher stood in front of April's desk towering over the anxious girl. As scary as she was right now April still couldn't bring herself to take of the dress in front of the whole class.

Shaking slightly April tried bargaining with the woman. "Please can't I just wear this until recess I promise to behave."

Sister Judith was holding back a smirk enjoying the thin girls pleading as if it was music to her ears.
She was dragging it out a bit as little tingles of pleasure intermittently crept up her spine. The more she delayed the more waves of euphoria built up inside her.

It was inevitable at this point. In moments she would have this slender girl almost completely naked in front of her friends, enemies and maybe even boys she liked. She had to bite her lip to hold herself back from going over the edge.

"I will give you until the count of five to take off that dress and hand it over to me. One..."

Sister Judy really took her time pausing forever after one just to see her reaction.

"Two..."

"Oh no please don't I can't..I..I just can't..I."

"Three.." Sister Judy pictured the girl bottomless and in a bra, squirming in her seat and almost lost it for a second.

"Foooour..." Sister Judith really drug that number out.

Nervously shaking April pulled up on her dress as if she was going to take it off but just couldn't make herself do it.

Sister Judith had an evil smirk forming either way.

"AAAAND five! That does it April this dress is coming off right now and you will be so sorry for disobeying me!"

She circled to the back of April's desk. From behind she grabbed the skirting of the silly dress and started to pull up.

"Lift up your butt right now!!"

April couldn't believe what was happening. She at first wouldn't budge but eventually gave into her teachers will for just a second allowing the material to slide past her seated behind. There was nothing stopping it anymore and the dress made it's way up her torso until it got to her arms.

"Arms up!" The teacher barked in her ear. Out of fear April did as she was told allowing the dress to be pulled up and off until it was inside out. And in one final motion was pulled clear of the stunned girl.

Smugly the teacher walked back to her desk tossing the the still inside out dress into an open drawer before slamming it shut.

Now April was in a nightmare, sitting at her desk in front of the whole class in nothing but a well padded bra while her bare bottom was pressed against the cold plastic chair......


