The shortcut
by BlueMenace 

Abigail had always been very shy about her body and even though she was already 16 she had never been in a relationship and felt like nobody would want to be with her. She was very successful in school but the downside of that was that the people considered her to be a nerd.

Her brown ponytail was swinging from side to side as she made her way home. Abigail was taking her usual shortcut through the woods when suddenly she was stopped by two young looking boys. Abi recognized those boys to be from her little brothers class even though she didn’t remember their names.

“Stop right there. This is our path and you have to give us cash if you want to pass here.”

Abi was a bit confused about all this but at the same time she thought it was funny because there was no way those little boys could stop her.

“I’m sorry boys but I don’t have any money on me right now.” she said and walked past the boys.

One of the boys wasn’t very happy about this action and quickly snatched Abigail's phone from her pocket. It was way too late for the girl to do anything when the boy had already moved next to a small brook that was right next to the path.

“Give us your money or I’ll drop it” the boy said

It was a brand new phone and the situation was getting a bit too uncomfortable for Abi.

“Give me my phone back or else…”

Abigail's speech was put to an end when the boy loosened his grip of the phone a bit and it looked like it was about to drop.

“Okay okay let’s talk about this. I really don’t have any money right” Abigail said while it was becoming obvious that she was getting worried, “Please don’t drop my phone. I’ll do anything”.

The boy seemed like he was thinking for a while before he said “Okay then, show us your boobs”.

It felt like Abigail's heart had stopped for a second when she heard that. “No way I would show my boobs to them, right?” she though.

Abi didn’t have time to think about what to do before the boy loosened his grip again and it looked like soon her phone would fall to the brook screen first. She panicked a bit before quickly opening her jacket and pulling my her up. Abigail's boobs were now on clear display to the two boys and she tried not to show her embarrassment to them before pulling her top down again. Abi could see the joy in both of their faces and knew that they were really enjoying it.

“Can you please give me my phone back now. I should really get going”

“No, we only agreed that I wouldn’t drop it. You said nothing about giving it back to you. If you really want it back you’re going to need to take all of your clothes away.”

Part of Abigail felt like she should just try to use force to get the phone back but she knew that the boy wouldn’t hesitate to break it. she just didn’t like the idea of these two 12-years old boys being the first boys ever seeing her body.

“C’mon there's gotta be another way. I can bring you some money or candy.”

“No, it’s too late for that.” he replied with a grin on his face.

She let out a hopeless sigh before taking off her jacket and top completely. Abi thought it would be best to start from there as they had already seen her boobs. Once again Abigail's boobs were exposed for only their pleasure. She really felt utterly embarrassed being bossed around like this by these little boys. It didn’t help that the air was chilly and she could already feel her nipples hardening. Abi knew that her face was probably red from the embarrassment.

She tried to cover her boobs but the boys immediately stopped her saying that was cheating. She continued taking her clothes away and soon she was now only wearing her shoes, panties and glasses. Abi tried to give them a begging smile but they just told her to get over it. When she slided her panties down her unshaved bush was now fully exposed. It was likely that this was the first time the little boys saw someone's privates like this.

“Can you please give me my phone now”

The boy walked to me and picked her clothes from the ground.

“Aren’t you Danny’s older sister?” the boy asked.

“Yes?” She said quietly.

“Good we're just gonna take these and your phone to your house for you so you don’t have to” the boys laughed while running away.”

Abi was left completely naked and humiliated there. Luckily it wasn’t that long way to her home. She just hoped that no one else would see her like this.
