Chapter Twelve

Patience glanced around nervously.  Standing outside Jonathans apartment the following morning, she lowered her head to hide her face.   She was afraid that every person that walked by her knew why she was here.   She couldnt believe that she was contemplating becoming Jonathans mistress.   He had accepted her terms.  Now, if only she had the courage to go through with it.

Last night, he had left a rather graphic letter, telling her exactly where he wanted her to be, when he wanted her there and what he wanted her to do.  Even now her nipples were hardening at the thought.   Just as she was gathering her courage up, she felt him behind her.

Chicken? he whispered in her ear.

No, she denied.

Good, then lets go inside, he coaxed, before pulling open the door and escorting her in.

* * * * *

William stood on the other side of the street and groaned softly.  His assignment was to kidnap Patience OConnor.  But there was no way in hell, that he wanted to confront Jonathan.   His ex-boss was not a man to trifle with.  Unless he could get the drop on him, he would just have to wait until he could catch Patience alone. 

Well, what are you waiting for?

Turning, William looked at the man who stood next to him.  It was the same man that had escorted him off the plane.

Checking up on me already? he asked.

It looks like you needed a reminder of what will happen if you dont follow through, the man threatened.

No, I dont.  But Im not stupid.  And only a stupid man would take on Jonathan by himself.  I know what he can do.  Hell, Ive seen what he can do.

Well, then let me call some reinforcements and well go retrieve her, the man said as he pulled out a mobile phone.

* * * * *

Rand slowly awoke, to the feel of a moist mouth on his stomach.  He groaned softly when it traveled lower towards his already hardened sex.   <i>Damn, will the burning ever stop?

Not today.</i> Gracie whispered softly as she lightly stroked his manhood.  With one hand behind her in deference to the binding that bond them together, she laid across him, slowly stroking him and licking the wet head of his cock.

<i>Gracie, you tease.  Come here.

No.  I wanna play. </i> 

Rand growled and resisted the urge to roll his bride under him and thrust deep and hard into her welcoming depths.  One would think that after a whole night of loving, he wouldnt be so desperate to claim her again.  But this was his chosen. Maybe he would never get enough of her.

Finally, Gracie lifted her head and stared down at his throbbing cock.  It looked swollen and ready to explode.   She had read in a book somewhere that if she pressed in a certain spot it would make him come almost instantly.

Dont do it, Rand said, his voice rough with desire. I want to come inside of your tight little body. 

To bad, she whispered before lowering her head and sucking him as deep as she could into her mouth. Immediately he arched his back and thrust his hips towards her.  Sucking strongly on him, she moaned happily.  

Gracie, he warned, his voice becoming rougher.

<i>Relax and enjoy it.

But...</i> he protested, his cock already on the verge of exploding.  He had been taught of these things but had never dreamed of asking his chosen to do such things to him.  At least not this soon.

Gracie couldnt believe how good he tasted.   Sensing he was near the end, she slowly slid her free hand under his sack and found the sensitive flesh behind it.  Pressing on it firmly, she was rewarded by him gasping her name.  Moaning in triumph, she bobbed her head up and down faster.

Gracie! he growled helplessly as his loins exploded violently.   During his violent orgasm, Rand jerked Gracie off of him, pulled her up to him and fastened his mouth over hers.   He moaned into her mouth as his body finished. 

When he finally lifted his head, he sighed.   Tipping her head up to look at him, he smiled softly.

You realize that turn about is fair play, Gracie? he asked with a twinkle in his eyes.

You wouldnt, she said with mock surprise.

Dont bet on it. he whispered as he rolled her over onto her stomach.

Rand, she squeaked in surprise.

Shh, he soothed as he ran his free hand down her back to her heart shaped bottom.    He growled when he found her wet folds.  That really turned you on, didnt it, Gracie?

Gracie moaned and wiggled under his touch.   She was too embarrassed to answer him. 

Seeing me lose control made you so wet,  I can feel it halfway down your little thighs, he whispered as he leaned over her.   And I bet my little one wants to come.

Yes. she said, desire heightening her voice.

Oh, yeah, he growled in agreement, before thrusting his renewed arousal deep inside her. 

Yes! she hissed, bucking under his weight.

Shh, baby, he murmured in her ear.  Well get there, I promise.

Gracie squirmed under him, trying to coax him into moving.   He had her pinned against the bedding and wasnt moving an inch.  

Please, move, she pleaded with him.

Not yet, he growled, reaching under her and playing with her nipples.

<i>You tease.

I believe I said something just like that earlier.  How does it feel to have the tables turned, Gracie?

Well see about that.

Yes we will.</i>

Concentrating Gracie used her muscles to grip and release his trapped manhood.

What are you doing? he groaned in her ear.

Convincing you, she whispered back. How am I doing?

You convinced me, he groaned as she continued to caress him with her inner muscles.   Pulling his hips back, he surged back into her forcefully.   Gracie moaned raggedly.    Like that? he asked.

Oh, yes, Gracie said as she pushed back into him.  

Good, he groaned as he quickened his thrusts.  Soon the sounds of the bed squeaking and slapping of flesh filled the room. 

As they approached the peak, he slowed down a bit.

Gracie, love me, he whispered against her ear.

No, I wont, she panted.

One day you will, he promised as he pounded in and out of her. Im gonna replace that mystery man whos claimed your heart.  Youre mine, he growled before pushing both of them over the edge.

* * * * *

Patience gasped softly.   After entering Jonathans apartment, he had wasted no time.   He had her pinned against the closed door and took her mouth in a deep drugging kiss that seemed to have no end.  She had no doubt that he would take her, here against the door.

Remember Pati, this is what you said you wanted, he growled against her lips, as he pulled her skirt up around her waist.   Sliding his hand into the waist band of her delicate underwear, he jerked on it.  A loud rip filled the room.   Patience gasped.  Her underwear!

Jonathan, she protested.

No, he said, his voice filled with harsh desire. This is what you wanted to be, a mistress not a wife.  Slipping his fingers into her damp folds, he growled happily.   She was ready for him already.

Patience threw back her head and moaned loudly.   He had marvelous fingers, she decided as they expertly stroked her.  When they left her, she moaned in disappointment.

Jonathan fought to control the desire that had broken out between them.   He had never thought of using any woman this way.   He had always been in control of his body and his desire.  But with Patience, it didnt seem to be working that way.   When she arched her lower body against him, seeking relief, the small thread of his control snapped.  

Patience gasped when she heard Jonathan growl.  Then she heard the unmistakable sound of his zipper being lowered.  He really was going to take her against the door!

Please, she begged.

Jonathan didnt give a verbal response to her begging.  Picking her up, he positioned her over his rampant cock and drove her down onto it.

YES! she screamed as her body exploded with pleasure.

Thats it baby, he told her. Come all over me, he ordered.  Jonathans formidable control was shattered completely.   Vaguely, he knew that he needed to change positions before he came, but it was just an afterthought in his brain as the most intense pleasure he had ever felt flooded his system.  As he lowered her up and down on his throbbing cock, he tried to regain control of his body. 

Slowing down, he tried to back off the edge of release that was so near.  He needed to change positions or the mistress or wife issue would be a moot point.   If he came this way the bonding would occur and he and Patience would have no other choice than to marry.  He didnt want to take the choice from her no matter how he felt.

Pati, we need to... he started to explain.

No, dont stop, she pleaded as she hovered on the edge of the most incredible release that she had ever felt.

I need to change position, he gasped.

No, she panted, before burying her fingers in his dark hair, pulling his mouth down to hers.  Come with me, she pleaded against his lips.

Pati, he tried one last time to stop the inevitable outcome of this mating.

Fuck me, she said, her voice full of desperate need to bond with him. 

Fuck it, he growled before pushing her up against the door even harder.  Look at me, he ordered.  

When her eyes flew open, he growled in satisfaction.   The time had come.  He had never imagined that their bonding would occur like this, but he had known that it was inevitable.  Keeping his eyes locked with hers, he hammered up into her tight little body.   He could see the orgasm starting deep in her eyes.   And he knew his own probably shown in his.  But he didnt care.   Then he felt her inner muscles start to spasm around him. 

Yes! he hissed as her orgasm drove him over the edge with her.

Patience screamed as their pleasure buffeted her.  And then she felt the bonding snap into place.   She could feel his pleasure and triumph at making her his.  What had she done?

Oh no, you dont, Jonathan growled as he sank to the floor with her, his erection never losing its hardness.   You knew what would happen if we mated in that position, Pati. 

But... she protested, then moaned as he continued to thrust in and out of her welcoming sheath.

Were bonded, he said, satisfaction filling his voice. by your choice.

Jonathan! she wailed as he pushed her over the edge again.

Thats what I want to hear, he growled as he continued to pound against her.

* * * * *

Patience let the shower wash away her tears.   How had this happened? she wondered.  How had it gotten out of her control?  She was suppose to be Jonathans mistress, not his chosen.   And in one moment of hot passion, she had let her hearts desire choose for her.  She didnt blame Jonathan for taking what she had offered.  

Pati? Jonathans warm voice came from just outside of the shower stall.

Ill be out in a moment, she told him as she hurriedly washed her body and hair.

All right, sweetheart.  I ordered some lunch for us, he explained before leaving the bathroom.

As she stepped out of the shower, she glanced at the clock on the wall.  Where had the morning gone to?   A flush filled her face.  Well, what do you expect, she asked herself, when you spent the whole morning in Jonathans arms getting your brains screwed out.

* * * * *

Jonathan paced his living room.   He knew that Patience was upset about their bonding.   And he felt helpless.  He didnt know how to soothe his chosen.   He had wanted her for so long, that he had been totally unprepared for the reality of their mating.    The dream merges had been wonderful but they were nothing compared to intensity of sensations that had consumed both of them.

Jonathan?

He turned and smiled as he saw Pati standing behind him in his robe.  Walking over to her, he drew her over to the couch.

Do you feel better now? he asked her softly as he settled her on his lap.

A little, she whispered, tucking her head against his shoulder. He gently started rubbing her back. Patience took a deep breath, trying to get the courage up to ask him. She was afraid that he would be angry.

Is there any way to undo this? she finally asked.
 
Jonathan stilled.  Do you want it undone? he asked softly.

Its not a matter if I want it undone, Jonathan.   I dont want to trap you, she told him lifting her head off his shoulder.   
 
Lifting her chin up, he stared into her eyes as if searching for something.  Patience, I love you, he said, his voice filled with emotion. I have wanted you for the last two years.  Just before Rand announce his betrothal to your sister, he told me to quit pussyfooting around and ask you out.

Patience giggled.   Jonathan glared at her.

Just sounds like something Gracie told me, before their betrothal. 
 
Jonathan threw back his head, and laughed.  Amazing, isnt it?  Those two knew all along that we were right for each other.  While we were trying to set them up, they set us up, Jonathan said after he had quit laughing.  Turning her around on his lap so she straddled him, he kissed her softly.

As to your question, even if there was a way to undo it, theres no way in hell Ill ever let you go, Patience, he told her arrogantly. Lifting his amulet over his head, he stared at it for a moment.  Then looked back up at her.

Jonathan? she asked, not sure what he was doing.

Patience, I love you and I want you to be my wife.

But... she started to protest.

There will be no other for me, Pati.  You know how that works.   Once a pair has bonded either they marry one another or no one at all.   I dont want a witch.  I want you.  Just as you are,  he said, trying to convince her.  Then he gently placed his amulet around her neck.  You now hold all that is me.

Oh, Jonathan, she sighed.  If you are sure this is what you want, Ill marry you.

Yes, he whispered, bending his head towards hers.  Just then the door bell rang.  Looking over at it, he remembered the dinner that he had ordered. 

Must be lunch.

Ill get it, Patience said scrambling off his lap.  

Minx, he growled as he watched her open the door.

* * * * *

Patience couldnt believe how happy Jonathan had just made her.  Everything seemed to have worked out for the best.   Pulling open the door, she was expecting to see a delivery man.  But was unprepared for the man that stood in front of her. 

William, I didnt expect to see you here, she said softly before backing away from the door.

Im sorry, was all he said before Patiences world went dark.

* * * * *

To Jonathan, Patiences collapse went in slow motion.   As she slid towards the floor, he could see around her.  In front of her stood his former aide.   Surging to his feet, he rounded the corner to only be stopped by a bullet.   It came from the man who was standing behind William.   He touched his shoulder.  It burned like Hades. Holding his hand out he saw that it was covered with blood.

Unless you want the next bullet to be in Ms. OConnor, I suggest you stay right where you are, the man said, his voice cold as ice.   William, pick her up and lets go, the man ordered.

You realize that I will come after her? he told them.

Were planning on it.  Remember to bring your buddies, the man told him as he turned to leave.

Which ones?  he asked before the man could leave the apartment.

Why, Prince Randall and Princess Grace.  Im sure they will be concerned about the sister, the man explained before shutting the door behind him.

Jonathan sank to the floor as he became light headed.  Before he passed out, he hit the security button on the phone next to him.   Hopefully the security guards werent injured and could respond, he thought before he drifted into darkness.  His last thought was of his beautiful Pati and how he had failed her.

* * * * *

Colin was sitting in his office when Jonathan walked in favoring his left side.

What happened to you? he asked as he surged out of his chair.

Had a little run in with a bullet, Jonathan said, his voice filled with pain.  They took her, Colin. Sitting down, he hung his head.  I was suppose to take care of her and they took her.

Took who?  Colin questioned as he went to the small fridge and started to pour Jonathan a drink.

Pati.  They took my Pati.  The glass shattered as it hit the floor.