This story was produced as adult entertainment and should not be read by minors.

Meeting Vicki (a Vicki story)
by Carl Zak Brown (c) 2002                                 

Carl rushed to the station from his office in Croydon, why was it always difficult to get out of the office on time when you were on the way to meet someone?

He had just missed the train he wanted to catch, he had to wait another 15 minutes for the next Victoria train. Of course it was late, so when he finally arrived at Victoria, it was after the time he had agreed to meet Vicki.

He spotted her immediately, with the guy he guessed was coming with them tonight. He wondered if he could sneak past them and go to the toilet first, but Vicki had spotted him and waved. Carl waved back, and suddenly Carl realised that he couldn't stop smiling. She was even more gorgeous than he expected. Although he had known her height from her internet ad, he was still surprised how tall she was, she was almost the same height as Carl. For some reason he had imagined her as being smaller.

They said hello to each other, and Vicki introduced her friend as Ravi. Just then, their train was announced and they went onto the platform and got on the train, putting their luggage in the racks. Carl sat opposite Vicki, and Ravi sat next to her. Another commuter sat next to Carl, and immediately opened his paper.

The train journey was uneventful, until the man sitting next to Carl got up to leave the train. Just as he put his newspaper away, Vicki flicked up the edge of her skirt, giving him (and Carl) a good view of her shaved pussy.

They finally arrived and Maidstone and got a taxi to the hotel. Once they arrived, they went to their room. There were two double beds in the room.

They went to the restaurant together and had their meal. Then they returned to the bedroom and decided to take a shower. Luckily, it was quite a large shower, and they were all able to fit in together. They washed themselves and each other, without too much sexual contact, there seemed to be an unspoken agreement to save the sex until they returned to the bedroom.

Once they were dry, Vicki asked Ravi to lie on the bed, then Carl reached over and took Ravi's penis in his hand, then leaned forward and gently took it in his mouth. He sucked on it like a lollipop and licked the base. As it started to get hard, he rolled it around in his mouth. Vicki was watching, moving around from time to time to get the best view. Carl concentrated on his oral work, and was eventually rewarded with Ravi's come in his mouth. Carl managed to swallow most of it, but some leaked out and down his chin. Ravi sat up and pulled Carl towards him, then licked off the come on his face and kissed Carl full on the mouth. They french kissed for a minute or so, and when they stopped, Vicki told Carl that it was his turn to lie down.

Carl had heard that Ravi was good at massage. Ravi asked Vicki to join him, and together they massaged Carl's chest. Then they moved to his feet, rubbing slowly up from his toes to his knees.

They asked Carl to turn over and they massaged his back. Eventually they started rubbing his bottom, then Carl felt one of Ravi's fingers go into his arsehole, quickly joined by one of Vicki's.

They did not probe too deeply. They removed their fingers, and asked Carl to turn over again. While Vicki played with his balls, Ravi started to wank him. It did not take Carl long to come, Ravi let the semen squirt over Carl's tummy, then started to lick it off. Vicki joined him, then licked Carl's cock clean.

Now it was Ravi's turn with Vicki. He gave her a fairly straightforward fuck while Carl watched, he managed to hold back his climax until Vicki came.

Ravi crawled off her, and Carl crawled on. His penis was hard again, and he stuck it straight into Vicki's cunt, which was already lubricated by Ravi's come and her own pussy juices. As he pistoned inside her, he kissed her tits, then started gently chewing on her nipples, first one then the other. It did not take her long to have her second orgasm, then as she approached a third climax, she felt Carl spurt inside her. This was enough to push her into her third orgasm.

Carl licked out the semen from her pussy, then got up and went to get something from his overnight bag. He came back with three Mars bars, one kingsize, one standard and one snacksize. "Which would you prefer?", he asked her. He was pleased when she chose the kingsize one. He masturbated her with it for a few minutes, but she did not want to come again, so he left it lewdly sticking out of her while he ate it. Afterwards, Ravi wanted to eat the standard size one, and he stuck it in her. She said to Carl "I ought to stick this little one up your arse!", but she didn't do it, she just ate it.

They cleaned their teeth then went to bed. They started off sharing one of the double beds, but during the night Ravi wanted a bit more room and moved to the other bed.

Before breakfast Ravi fucked Vicki again. He had to leave straight after breakfast, which gave Carl and Vicki an hour on their own before they had to vacate the room. They had a last gentle fuck. After they had finished, Carl said "Thank you very much for that. I hope we meet again soon." 

Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author

