Entry tags: 

spander advent, spike/xander

A Spander Advent (1/3) 

Title: A Spander Advent 
Part: 1 of 3 
Pairing: Spike/Xander 
Rating: NC-17 
Disclaimer: I'm not Joss 
Warnings: angst, slash 
Summary: Takes place during AtS S5, and ignoring the comics. Angel sends Spike on an errand, and Spike meets up with an old acquaintance. 
AN: A bit of a Christmas gift, from my nekid numbers choices of Advent and Xander. I'll post all three parts today. Thank you to sentine for the perfect banner!!

﻿

One

“No. Absolutely bloody not.”

“But, Spike—“

“No. Get someone else to do it. Percy, maybe. Bloke could use a holiday.”

Angel looked up from his pile of papers and made his Patient Face. He’d been practicing it, Spike noticed. “Wes is doing the research to make negotiations run smoothly. Have you ever tried to figure out the details of Raar etiquette? Not easy. And Gunn’s handling the legal side of things. Lorne’s busy with premieres this time of year and Fred—“

“Yeah, yeah. I get it. Only old Spike is dispensable. But you’ve hundreds of sodding lawyer minions about the place, mate. Surely one of them is available.”

Now Angel frowned, as if he didn’t want to say the next words. Then he sighed. “I need someone I can trust, Spike.”

That brought Spike up short. Old pouf had never before hinted that he might—albeit grudgingly—have confidence in Spike.

Angel put down his Mont Blanc. “Look, it’s no big deal. We’ll fly you up to San Francisco and you get to spend the month messing up your hotel room and watching pay per view porn while we do all the work down here. You babysit the talisman, we negotiate a truce between the Raar clans, apocalypse is averted, and then you can come back to LA and haunt me some more.”

“Not a bloody ghost anymore,” Spike muttered.

“Yeah, whatever.”

Spike thought about it for a moment. It wasn’t as if he had anything important to do here anyway, or as if he enjoyed the lawyer wankers’ company. And he quite fancied San Francisco, actually. Lots of lovely fog that was good for vampires and reminded him a bit of London, loads of homeless people to snack on—not that he was doing that anymore—and good food when he felt like eating human-style. Plus, he’d been camping out in offices and the like, and a real bed and hot baths and telly sounded brilliant. Still, it wouldn’t do to appear too eager. “Don’t want to fly,” he said. “I want to drive.”

“Fine. There’s a whole garage full of cars. Take one.”

“I want the Viper.” He didn’t even like the Viper that much, but it was a matter of principle.

Angel glared, then huffed out an impatient breath. “Fine. Take it.”

Spike smiled and collapsed onto the sofa. “So where’s the precious trinket, then?”

“In London. The Watcher’s Council—what’s left of it—found it. They’ll be sending it to the States day after tomorrow.” His mouth crooked upwards in a slightly Angelusy smile. “And one of the Watchers will be staying with you and the talisman until negotiations are complete.”

Spike leapt to his feet, sputtering slightly. “What? I am not spending weeks cooped up with one of those tossers.”

“You don’t have any choice. The Raar are insisting on two guardians, and I’m not sure the Watchers would release the thing to any representative of Wolfram & Hart anyway.”

Spike fumed silently for a few moments. He could refuse, of course. The pillock couldn’t force him to do anything. Except the old bastard could probably force him to leave Wolfram & Hart and, pathetic as it was, this was the only place that passed for a home for Spike nowadays. He didn’t relish the thought of being on his own now, not when he still—and he’d barely admit this even to himself—felt a bit fragile after the events in Sunnydale and after.

“Fine,” he snarled at last. “But you tell those arseholes to send someone young and pretty, at least. Wouldn’t fancy a month with Rupert.”

“Yeah, okay, whatever. Go see Harmony. She has the name of the hotel you’ll be staying at.”

Two

He was beginning to wish he’d flown.

He’d left the firm as soon as dark fell, but this time of year that meant rush hour, and he’d crawled impatiently through stop and go traffic all the way through the San Fernando Valley. He was able to move faster once he got over the Grapevine, but then he still had hours left through the flat and empty darkness, and the only radio stations he could find played country music, or Mexican, or spouted at him about hell, with which he was already far too well acquainted, ta very much.

He arrived in San Francisco during the still hours of the very early morning and pulled up in front of the hotel. It wasn’t a huge one, but it was just across the street from the Bay, and it looked fairly posh. The inside was posh, too, all done in minimalist tans and soft greens, and the bird behind the counter gave him a cheery smile. The check-in process went well and soon he was dumping his small bag on one of the queen-size beds and glancing out the window at the view of the Ferry Building and Bay Bridge, then rooting through the honor bar for those ridiculous tiny bottles of booze. He noticed that the little refrigerator also contained a round Styrofoam container, and he grunted in satisfaction. Looked like the pouf had kept his promise to have blood delivered daily.

Content with his temporary arrangements, Spike pulled off his boots and then spent a few seconds debating with himself what do next. The bathroom had a deep bathtub, and also an oversized, glass-enclosed shower equipped with one of those wide spouts. Rainforest showerheads, he thought they were called, and he was eager to try it. But then his eye fell on the bed, with its fancy white linens and small mountain of pillows, and he threw himself onto the mattress. Porn first, bath later.

Three

“What the hell are you doing here?”

Spike turned his head away from the curvy blonde sitting near the window. He hadn’t really expected her to be the Watcher he was waiting for, but one could always hope. Besides, she’d smiled at him twice now, and he had had the feeling that if he went and chatted her up, she wouldn’t turn him away. But now he sighed when he saw the man approaching him.

“They sent you? You’re the Watcher?” Spike asked incredulously.

“I’m more a Watcher than you are a lawyer, bleachboy.”

Spike rolled his eyes. “Yeah, well, I expect you’re mostly just excess baggage, the one they could spare.”

“Same could be said for you, Spike. And anyway, aren’t you supposed to be really most sincerely dead?”

“Not of late.” Spike heaved another sigh. “Let’s do this over a couple of pints, yeah?”

“Smartest thing you’ve ever said.”

The hotel bar was a nice one, full of pretty people in posh clothing. Big windows looked out at the outdoor seating area, where the hardier customers sat in wicker chairs under glowing heaters. But Spike steered them instead to a small booth near the back of the place. The table was of polished bamboo and the cushions were sleek and comfortable. They sat and Harris shoved his small suitcase against the side of his seat. A waiter came over, a handsome bloke in jeans and a white button-down shirt. He plunked a small bowl of mixed nuts down between them. “What can I get you?” he smiled.

“A beer. Big and cold. Something American.”

The waiter’s smile turned up another notch, his deep blue eyes crinkling at the corners. “You want something big, huh? And strong?” He was flirting with Xander Harris.

“Yeah, I could go for that.” And, even more amazingly, Xander Harris looked to be flirting back!

Spike cleared his throat, loudly. “Thirsty here, mate.”

The waiter turned toward him. “You looking for the same?”

“Jack. Neat. And make it a double.”

The waiter leered happily. “A double, huh?”

Harris laughed and Spike rolled his eyes. “Just bring us the drinks, all right, mate?”

The waiter winked at Harris and headed back toward the bar. “Didn’t know you fancied blokes, whelp,” Spike said.

“Okay, A, I am a grown man and no longer remotely whelplike. B, there’s a whole lot about me you don’t know. And C, we’re not here to discuss my love life or lack thereof, Fangless.”

Spike started to bridle at the old nickname, and was going to point out that he was now unchipped and thoroughly fanged. But then he realized that the boy’s words had no heat behind them. They sounded weary, and, now that Spike had the chance to really look at Harris, he noticed that the boy looked…worn. His California tan was long gone and his pale skin was now heavily stubbled. His hair was long and unkempt, his clothes—a pair of khakis, a blue and orange t-shirt, a denim overshirt, and a brown leather jacket—looked lived in, and his eye had such a dark circle underneath it nearly appeared bruised. The straps of his eyepatch had dug into his skin, making sore-looking red lines. True, he had just arrived from several thousand miles away, but Spike thought this was worse than just a long journey and a bad case of jetlag might account for.

“What’re you staring at? I’m the one who’s seeing a ghost.”

“Not anymore,” Spike mumbled, making Harris frown in confusion. “Right, then. So the Council of Wankers sent you with the cherished knickknack, yeah?”

“Yep.” Harris dug in his jacket pocket for a moment, then pulled out a small wooden box. “I don’t see what the big deal is. The thing’s damn ugly.” He held it out to Spike, who lifted the lid.

Harris was right. It was a chunk of unidentifiable metal, scratched and tarnished, about as big as a walnut. It was carved into some shape, but Spike couldn’t quite make out what it was meant to be. He closed the box and handed it back. “Yeah,” he said. “But to the Raars it’s like the bloody Holy Grail, and the clans are ready to start slaughtering each other over who gets to keep it.”

Harris shrugged. “So let them slaughter. Few less demons wouldn’t make me cry on my pillow.”

“Maybe not. But they have weapons that make the a-bomb look like a friendly pat on the back.” He made a face. “Mojo, yeah? Like your witch?” Harris apparently shared Spike’s opinion of magic, because he looked disgusted, too. “The Raars go to war over this and they’ll take the rest of us with them, human, vampire, and partridges in the bloody pear trees.”

“Another end of the world. Like that’s gonna freak me out anymore.” Harris rubbed where the strap dug into the side of his head. “So what’re we supposed to do? Giles wasn’t very specific.”

Spike was about to answer when the waiter returned with their drinks. Harris held his toward the waiter in a little mock toast and took a long draught. “These are on you, Spike. I’ve got nothing but pounds and Euros.”

“I’ll charge it to the room. Wolfram & Hart can get us pissed.” To the waiter he said, “Run a tab, yeah?”

“Sure thing. Enjoy, guys. Just wave when you want me.” With a little waggle of his eyebrows he walked away.

“Cheeky,” Spike said.

“It’s the patch. If I’d have known how much people went for the whole Danger Guy look I’d have poked that eye out long ago.”

Spike snorted and wished he could smoke. Sodding Californians and their stupid lungs. He downed his whiskey instead, and watched as Harris drank more of his.

“So,” Harris said, slamming his glass down. “You were gonna tell me our plan.”

“No plan, berk. We’re just here to keep an eye—three eyes—on the thing, in a nice neutral spot, while that lot sorts their differences.”

“So…we just hang out in San Fran?”

“Not here to be tourists. We’re meant to stay put.”

“A little R and R. Okay. I can handle that. How ‘bout another drink?”

Harris waved the waiter over and said to him, “Just keep ‘em coming until somebody passes out, okay?”

“You know, I get off in about two hours. If you want to get off in about two hours, too….”

Harris patted the bloke’s arm. “Thanks for the offer. Normally I’d be tempted, but I’m not even feeling human tonight. Another time, maybe?”

The waiter smiled and shrugged philosophically. “Okay.” He turned to Spike and raised his eyebrow.

“Not too human myself, mate,” Spike said, and Harris barked out a laugh.

They sat for a long while, drinking silently, until Harris finally said, “So. What’s with the resurrection? And how’d you end up with a bunch of demon lawyers anyway?”

Spike told him everything—being revived, more or less, as a ghost in Angel’s office; that nasty business with Pavayne; his recent unexplained recorporalization. Harris listened carefully, asking a question now and then, until the tale was told and Harris looked like he might be permanently melted to the seat. Their waiter had already left, giving them both a little wave before he went, and now the bartender was giving them meaningful glances.

“Think it’s time to head out,” Spike said. “You look like you could use a bed.”

“Bed. I’ve heard of those.”

Spike stood and a moment later Harris slowly rose to his feet as well. Spike signed the bill, leaving a healthy tip for their departed waiter, and Harris followed him out to the lobby, dragging his suitcase behind. “Oh. I need to check in,” the boy said, blinking owlishly at the front desk.

“Already done. Come on.”

They went into the lift and up to the fifth floor, and Spike led them to their room. When they got inside, Harris blinked again at Spike’s small valise, which was at the foot of his bed. “My room. Where’s my room?”

“You’re there. Mi casa es su casa and all that rot.”

Now Harris looked alarmed. “But—but---“

“We both have to be with the trinket at all times. Can’t do that in separate rooms, can we?”

“Nobody said I’d have a vampire roomie.”

Spike plopped down on his bed. “Not like you haven’t had one before, is it? Least I won’t be tying you to a sodding chair. Besides, I won’t bite. Much.”

Harris closed his eye and swayed slightly. “Okay. I’m too tired to do anything about it, but I’m officially lodging a protest.”

Spike didn’t bother to answer. Within minutes, Harris had toed off his shoes and climbed beneath the covers without even bothering to take off his clothes.

Spike really hoped he didn’t snore.

Four

“Are we really stuck here? ‘Cause I’m gonna go stir-crazy after a couple days.”

Spike had already informed housekeeping of his unusual sleep schedule, so they’d both slept undisturbed until mid-afternoon. Then Harris had showered and shaved and ordered a burger from room service and Spike had drunk his blood and showered as well. Afterward, they’d each sat on their beds, Spike watching HBO and Harris tapping away on the laptop he’d brought. An hour or so after the sun set, Harris had stood and stretched and looked longingly out the window.

“We can go up to a half mile from here,” Spike replied.

“Yeah? How’s anyone gonna know if we go, say three-quarters of a mile?”

Spike grimaced and lifted the hem of his left trouser leg, to reveal the device strapped around his calf. “GPS,” he said.

Harris snorted with laughter. “It looks like you’re on house arrest!”

“So are you, then, ponce, because we’re tied together like Siamese twins.”

“Why half a mile?”

“Dunno. I expect they thought that’d be enough to stretch our legs a bit.”

“Well, can we, then? Stretch? Because I’ve never even been to San Francisco before.”

Spike clicked off the television. “All right. Haven’t been here myself in ages. Back in the late 70’s, Dru and I—“

“Uh!” Harris held up his hand. “Is this story gonna end with death and mayhem?”

“Well, yeah.”

Harris shook his head. “Had plenty of that to last me a while. Let’s just go, okay?”

So they put on their shoes and coats and headed out into the night. It felt cool to Spike, with his lack of body heat and recent years spent in Southern California, but Harris had been in London, and he kept his jacket unzipped as they walked. They strolled past a few of the big piers, but they hadn’t gone far when the stupid thing on Spike’s leg beeped and they had to turn back. When they were in front of the hotel again, Harris stopped in the middle of the sidewalk. “I’m hungry,” he announced.

“You’ll like this place, then,” Spike said, and took his elbow to drag him across the street toward the Ferry Building.

Harris did like the Ferry Building, and he spent a long time walking back and forth down the long hall, wandering into the various shops. He bought some apples and tangerines and beer at an organic grocers, and a hunk of cheese at the cheese shop, and three bottles of wine at an Italian place. That surprised Spike—he hadn’t taken the boy for a wine drinker. But maybe any alcohol would do. Spike paid for everything. Why not? W&H had plenty of dosh.

When their arms were fully laden, Harris led them into Taylor’s Automatic Refresher, where he crowed happily over the chili dog and the sweet potato fries and the chocolate shakes.

“You’re going to get big as a house if you keep eating like this,” Spike observed, stealing one of the fries for himself. They were good.

“I haven’t eaten like this in months. Not a lot of food like this where I’ve been.”

“Where’s that?” Spike snagged another fry.

Harris’s face grew grim. “Africa, mostly.”

“Yeah? Earning your soul?” These fries were nearly as good as those onion things they’d had at the Bronze.

Harris didn’t smile. “No. More like losing it. And next time I’m gonna order garlic fries instead, undead thief guy.” He scooted his plate a bit farther away.

Spike grinned. “’M evil.”

Harris snorted and threw a fry at him.

They didn’t talk much after that. Harris finished his meal and they went back to their room, and then they drank and watched bad movies in near silence. Spike found himself wondering about Harris’s time in Africa, and what had happened there to turn him so grim, but the boy was clearly not anxious to talk about it, so Spike let it be.

When dawn began to brighten the sky, Spike pulled the curtains closed. Harris stripped to his boxers, yawned a good night, and fell asleep.

Five

There was a liquor store just over a half mile away, off Market Street. Spike couldn’t go that far without setting off the sodding alarm, but they decided that Harris could, because Spike was only a half block away and could at least keep an eye on the outside of the shop.

Six

The boy was capable of downing a surprising amount of booze.

Seven

Peaches was going to have a tantrum when he saw all the liquor store charges. The thought of it amused them both.

Eight

“If I don’t give it a rest for a day or two my liver’s gonna go on strike.”

“One of the advantages of being a vamp. Mine quit over a century ago.” Spike took another swig from the bottle, felt the warm comfort of the liquor as it slid down his gullet.

Harris looked up from his laptop. “Do you like being a vampire, Spike? I mean, the superpowers, the no aging stuff, all that…must be nice.”

Spike thought for a minute. “Yeah, I expect so. I mean, I was pretty happy about it before the chip, and Buffy, and then the soul. Had some good times. Some of the bits are bloody inconvenient, though. The whole invitation, thing, for instance. And it took me ages to learn to do my hair without a mirror. I miss the sun as well. Why? Suffering from demon envy, are we?”

“No. Not really. It’s only, I’m just a regular guy, right? Most of the people I know have these special things they can do, and I’m just lucky if I don’t get killed.”

Spike took another chug. “You’re handy at attracting demons, aren’t you? That’s a superpower of sorts, I reckon.”

Harris pulled a face. “Yeah, well, not really one anyone would want, though. Strength, speed, flying, those are cool. Demon magnet, not so much. And I don’t even know why it happens.”

“You smell bloody delicious, whelp.” Oops. Spike hadn’t meant to admit that. Perhaps he ought to slow down with the Jack.

Harris raised his eyebrow. “I what, now?”

Spike sighed. “You smell good. To a demon’s nose you’re like…baking bread. Or sizzling bacon.”

“Oh. Have I always smelled…edible?”

“Yeah.”

“But you never thought it might be relevant to mention that to me?”

“Didn’t occur to me that you didn’t know. Thought your demon girl would’ve mentioned it.”

“No, she never did. It does explain a lot, though. Huh.” Harris frowned thoughtfully. “Well, still not my superpower of choice.”

“Nobody gets to choose these things.”

“Would you? I mean, you didn’t exactly decide to become a vampire, right? So would you, if you had a choice?”

It was a question Spike had deliberately not asked himself for ages. “If I hadn’t been turned, I’d have been mouldering bones long ago.”

Harris waved his hand dismissively. “Yeah, yeah. But if you could turn back to human now, would you?”

“Peaches wants to,” Spike said quietly. “There’s a prophecy, you see, about a vamp who’s a champion and then gets to be a real boy again. He think that means him, that he can get a pulse and redemption, all tied up with a pretty bow.”

“You were a champion. Maybe it means you.”

“Maybe.”

“You don’t look very convinced.”

Spike finished off the bottle. “Don’t believe in prophecies. And even if I did…not sure I want it. I fought the pouf over it, not so long ago—I beat him, too!—but mostly because I didn’t want him to have it. I was tired of him always being the sodding hero, the one Bu—the one everyone goes on about.”

It was much more than Spike had intended to say. To his surprise, Harris didn’t take the piss out of him over it, but only nodded slowly, looking much older than his years. “I know exactly how that feels, my good man.”

Nine

“I killed people there, Spike.”

Spike looked over at Harris, who was stretched out on his bed, staring at the television screen. They were watching one of the CSI shows, but Spike was fairly certain Harris wasn’t talking about Miami.

“Human people. They were bad guys, and a couple of them were trying to kill me, but still…I murdered them.”

“I expect they deserved it,” Spike answered quietly.

Harris turned his head to face Spike. His eye was oddly blank-looking. “Don’t all murderers think that?

“I didn’t. Doesn’t take a soul to recognize that your victims are innocent. Now, Angelus, that was a plus for him. The purer of heart, the tastier they were. Me, I didn’t care much one way or the other. A meal was a meal. But I knew when I was killing someone good, someone who deserved to live, and I killed them anyhow.”

Spike thought Harris might protest then that Spike was a monster, not even human, and therefore didn’t count. He didn’t, though. He only shook his head slowly. “I see them sometimes in my dreams. You’d figure I’d have plenty of experiences to populate a lifetime’s worth of nightmares, but when I dream, it’s just them I see. The people I killed.”

“Me, too,” Spike said softly. Harris gave him a sharp look then, but said nothing, and turned back toward the telly.

When an advert came on, Spike asked, “What were you doing there?”

At first he didn’t think he’d get an answer. Then Harris began to speak, his voice low and almost monotone. “Buffy, Will, all the rest, they went to Cleveland after Sunnyhell. It was all Hellmouthy there, too. But with Ahn gone, and all the rest, I couldn’t face it. I just couldn’t. I was gonna get a job somewhere, anywhere, building houses. I’m good at that. But then Giles got this call about shit happening in Mozambique and I went, ‘cause everyone else was busy.” He snorted. “I couldn’t even have found Mozambique on a map before I left.”

“But you went.”

“Yeah. And Giles was right, there was shit happening. I wasn’t alone, not really. I even had a few of those new Slayers on my side. But there were demons and some really ugly humans, and people got killed. I saw a thirteen-year-old girl, a kid who’d just found out what she was, like, four weeks earlier, get chopped in half by a machete. I felt her blood when it splashed me and it was hot. It was days before I could get it all off me. Even now, sometimes, it’s like it’s still there, and—“

His voice broke. Appropriate, Spike thought, since the rest of him was broken as well. And because the boy—no, the man, he really was a man, now—because the man hadn’t dismissed Spike’s admissions the night before, Spike turned off the television and walked the three feet or so over to Harris’s bed and sat beside him and patted him on the knee. “I know,” was all he said.

Harris wiped his eye with the back of his hand. “Everything was pretty much cleaned up by September. By then Giles was in London and everyone else was in…I don’t know. Slovenia. Slovakia. One of those countries in the middle. I went to London, and I’ve been mostly doing nothing. Drinking, I guess. Reading a book here and there. Trying to decide what to do with the rest of my life.”

“So what did you decide?”

“Apparently, to spend a month holed up in a hotel room with a vampire.”

Spike patted his knee again. “Good decision.”

Harris had to twist his neck to look at Spike again. “You know what? It kind of was. I didn’t expect to see you and I wasn’t all that happy about it—although I thought those guys in LA could’ve sent someone a lot worse, like Angel.” He shuddered. “But the thing is, it hasn’t been that bad. You haven’t been that bad. You’ve actually been kind of…good company.”

Harris tensed then, as if he expected Spike to hit him, or perhaps just say something biting. But Spike didn’t, because he was trying to remember whether anyone had ever called him good company before, anyone at all in the last 150 years, and he was fairly certain nobody ever had. It was the sort of thing he’d remember. Oh, he’d been called loads of other things over the decades, most of which would have been unprintable back in his human days. But not this.

He blinked at Harris, not sure how to respond.

And then he did respond, or perhaps Harris did. Spike wasn’t at all certain which of them decided to move. But a moment later they were kissing, their lips locked hungrily together, and Xander’s whiskers were rough against Spike’s chin, and his tongue tasted of potato crisps and Pepsi, and it felt good, so unexpectedly brilliant that Spike forgot to breathe, but that was all right because Xander seemed to be doing enough of it for the both of them.

Then, after not enough time, they pulled apart and stared at each other with wide eyes. It was Spike’s turn to tense as he waited for Xander to pull faces, or start yelling, or perhaps just get up and run. Instead, Xander smiled, slowly, until the happiness actually reached his eye for the first time, like a warm little flame kindling in the darkness.

“I think,” Xander said. “I think that was nice.”

“You think?”

“I think that was one of the nicer demon kisses I’ve had.”

Spike sputtered a bit. “One of the nicer—I’m a bloody brilliant kisser, I am!”

“But I’ve kissed a surprising number of demons. I think to give it a fair rating, I really have to try again.”

Spike felt the corners of his mouth turning up as well. “Well, we would want the scoring to be fair.”

Xander lifted his hand and cupped it against Spike’s cheek. It was big and warm and calloused. Spike wanted to lean into it, to feel those rough fingers stroke him. “Let’s see,” Xander said. His face was very close to Spike’s now, almost touching. It took only the slightest movement for them to draw together, and once again they were kissing, tongues twisting with each other, lips pressing nearly hard enough to bruise, yet it was slow and sweet, the kind of kiss a bloke could drown in, Spike thought, and he very nearly did.

“Even the Soviet judge gives that one a ten,” Xander whispered. Spike would have agreed, but he seemed to have lost the power of speech. But he could still squawk with surprise, it seemed, because he did exactly that a moment later, when Xander pressed down on Spike’s shoulders so that Spike was flat on the bed, and then Xander rolled on top of him, but the squawk was silenced by a third kiss, this one heady as the last but more urgent.

When Xander suddenly froze and then lifted his head away, Spike wanted to cry.

“This is okay, isn’t it? I mean, you do want this, right?” Xander’s voice was uncertain.

Spike chuckled low and thrust his hips up against Xander, so Xander could feel how very much he wanted it. “What do you think, pet?”

“I think this is…unexpected.”

Cautiously, because Xander still hadn’t rolled off him, and because Spike could feel the man’s hard cock pressing against his, even through two layers of denim, Spike raised his hands and then settled them on Xander’s ass. That was comfortable, he thought. What he said was, “You fancying blokes…that’s new.”

It was Xander’s turn to chuckle. “Not so much. Me admitting I fancy blokes, that part is new. I like girls, too, don’t get me wrong. But I’ve visited a few clubs while I’ve been in London, and I’ve recently come to appreciate the unfairer sex. And you?”

“Been shagging blokes since before your great-grandmother was born. Since shortly after I was turned. First ‘Gelus, then—“

“Wait. You had sex with Angel?”

“Nah. Angelus. Over a century ago. Angel would rather brood than get a leg over. Wanker.”

“Huh. So you’re pretty flexible, then?”

Spike curled his tongue behind his teeth. “Vampire, love. I’m very flexible. Want a demonstration?”

Apparently, Xander did.

They were both a bit overeager, which translated into some clumsiness as they pulled their kit off, but then there was loads of bare skin, and Spike could see that Xander really had lost that baby fat he’d been carrying a few years back. He still wasn’t exactly lean, he was too solid for that, but his waist was quite trim, with a line of dark hair leading from his navel to his groin, where an impressively large cock jutted from black curls.

They stood a few feet away from each other, frankly staring, until Xander’s cheeks were colored by a faint blush that excited Spike all the more. So he stepped forward and took Xander into his arms. Xander grabbed him right back and they kissed again as their hands wandered over one another’s backs and shoulders and arses. Their bellies pressed together with their cocks trapped in between, and the hot friction was almost more than Spike could manage and he felt his knees go weak with it.

Perhaps Xander’s did as well, because a moment later they were on Xander’s bed, their mouths and bodies still locked together, with Xander writhing and moaning on the bottom and Spike writhing and moaning on the top, and it was lovely. Xander’s foot caught for a moment on the electronic tracker strapped to Spike’s leg, and for some reason that reminded Spike that Xander was still wearing the eyepatch. He hadn’t yet seen the man without it. He reached up and moved to remove it, but Xander stopped him by clutching at his wrists.

“It’s ugly,” Xander said.

“I’ve seen ugly, pet. I doubt this qualifies.”

Xander dropped his hands away but stilled beneath Spike as the vampire slowly and gingerly pulled the strap away. It really wasn’t remotely awful. The area over the empty socket was slightly sunken, but the lid was closed, and the skin that was visible was whole and healthy-looking. Impulsively, Spike brushed his lips against Xander’s eyelid, and then against the cheekbone below, before working his way over to suck on an earlobe. He wasn’t usually this tender and even as he shivered under Xander’s soft strokes of his lower back Spike couldn’t explain why he was being so gentle with Xander Harris of all people. But he was, and somehow it felt just right.

They were rocking against each other, hard but not very fast, and Spike liked the taste of Xander’s skin very much. He gave up the earlobe and settled on Xander’s neck instead, softly sucking, even nibbling lightly with blunt teeth. “How much do you trust me, Xander?” he whispered.

Xander’s movements faltered only for a second. With a voice that was thick and hoarse, he said, “Go ahead.”

Just the permission alone was almost enough to send Spike over the edge. He quickly changed his face, feeling the satisfying fullness in his mouth when his fangs dropped into place, and just barely nicked Xander’s neck with one sharp edge. A fat crimson bead welled out and Spike lapped at it, shuddering with the ecstasy of fresh, living blood.

“Merciful Zeus,” Xander groaned. He tilted his head more to the side, and that was all Spike could stand. He sucked once more at the tiny wound and rutted helplessly into Xander, and as the flavor of the man coated his mouth he howled against Xander’s flesh and came so hard his vision momentarily grayed and he lost track of the world.

When he was once more aware of where he was and what he was doing, he realized that Xander was grinning crookedly up at him and their softening cocks were stuck together. Spike moaned slightly and rolled off to Xander’s side. It felt as if his bones were made of soft taffy.

“In case you were wondering,” Xander said, “you’re officially at the top of the demon rankings.”

“You let me bite you,” Spike said, still not quite believing it.

“Figured that was gonna be part of the vamp package. And good gods, I’m glad it was.”

“Feels nice, yeah?”

Xander lifted his hand and let it fall on top of Spike’s hip. It was comfortable there. “Yeah,” Xander said. “Nice.”

And then Xander had it in him to surprise Spike one more time, because he rolled on his side and gave Spike another kiss, just a quick press of the lips like sweethearts might share, and curled himself around Spike’s body before pulling up the covers and promptly falling asleep.

The last time Spike had slept with someone else had been in Sunnydale, when he and Buffy huddled together just before he died. That had been pleasant and necessary, but there had been a bitter note of desperation there, the aftertaste of unhappy past events. Sharing a bed with Xander was simple and good, the heat of the man burning through Spike like the fire that had once consumed him.

Part Two