Orgasm Inc.
by Sottovoce

Orgasm Inc. Ch. 01

A young nurse loses control in an exam room.

I was crashing over the lip of amazing orgasm and having my g-spot pounded mercilessly when my boss walked in on me...

Wait, wait, I'm telling this in the wrong order. I probably shouldn't start with the climax (ha ha), but with the beginning. I'll come back to that orgasm...

*****

My name is Abby and six weeks ago I was finishing my Bachelors of Science in Nursing in Philadelphia PA. I was born and brought up in a small town in Maine and wanted nothing more than to get out of the state to experience life and learn to live on my own. I did a lot of both.

I learned that being pretty and petite meant that I never had to buy drinks for myself and never needed to go long between bouts of sex if I didn't want to. I learned that most girls are bitches and that if you can find a core group of real women to spend your time with that we had deeper conversations and more profound discoveries than I ever did with a man. I learned to work hard, play hard and to find joy where I could.

Studying to be a nurse is hard work, both intellectually and psychologically. The human condition is often scary, sad and unpredictable. As a nurse you learn to compartmentalize the part of you that wants to run away or say "Ewwww" and live in the part of you that can give hard news, clean up bad messes and sit with a patient without feeling all the emotions that crop up along the way. Don't get me wrong, you still feel everything, but a good nurse is able to have those feelings without owning them or holding them close to their center.

My last year of school I lived and worked and studied with a core group of friends, Matt, Kathy and Caitlyn. I had no time for distractions and since I had a healthy sexual appetite, Matt and I started scratching each other's itches and eventually became an item. Matt was smart and empathetic and had no problem being a man in a women dominated profession. We were monogamous for most of our last year and it wasn't until finals and the last push to completion that I found out that the monogamy was all one sided - mine. It turned out that all along I had been the side dish to a main course that was getting married to Matt next May in Delaware.

My emotional compartmentalization helped me through finals, I ducked my head, worked the problem and graduated with a BSN.

When I think back at that relationship, I see that Matt was partially responsible for my current predicament. I'd slept with a lot of men and I understood that all men were not created equal. I'd had fat, thin, short, tall, impatient, impervious and marathoners... And that was just their cocks :-) I like to think that I judge a man by his sense of humor and ability to hold my hair back when riding the porcelain bus rather than the size of his dick... Matt, however, turned out to be a total cock with a tiny dick.

I'm an attractive girl. I'm a redhead with a full head of flowing curls (yes, gentlemen... a natural redhead). I have a tight little body with tiny little breasts and perfect ass. I think my breasts feel perfect in my hands - but I have small hands - and I think my nipples are beautiful when they grow stiff between my fingers. I have flawless skin, almost no body hair and a smattering of freckles in places that most people don't get a chance to see.

Puberty hit long before I was ready for it, and my beautiful pussy was invading my dreams, wetting my undies and getting me in trouble at school. I learned to masturbate early and when I had ready partners, I preferred to have sex often and vigorously.

Here is the part that pisses me off... I can have any man that I want, I chose Matt because I was determined to see past his shortfalls (pun intended) and work on building a quality relationship (plus, he was close, convenient and uncomplicated). Matt's dick was short enough that when he stroked his length into me, not much more than his head got in and a passionate thrust was often accompanied by him pulling back too far and needing to be directed back into my wet embrace. I put up with that for most of a year to discover that Mister Short Stroke was sharing his best efforts with another girl.

If I had known, I'd have taken a whack at Kathy or Caitlyn - just to mix things up!

Long story short (yes, again), my little cunny had not been truly filled, stem to stern, in quite a while and even worse I might have forgotten where my g-spot was...

Fast forward to now... I've come home from school, a little fried from this last year and hoping to get a little parental nurturing while I get my next step together. Mommy and Daddy were glad to have me back while making it clear that life had moved on for them and my room was destined to be converted to my father's golf room. I knew that I wanted to work in a bigger city and perhaps specialize as a Family Nurse Practitioner, but I needed some time off before I jumped back into total independence and responsibility again.

My mother informed me that she had heard that her Gynecologist had lost a nurse and within days I had applied and gotten accepted. I could live at home, work part-time, keep my skills up and search for jobs in Philly or Boston in my spare time. It seemed like the perfect respite.

The work was easy and my boss was a nice guy. He ran Martin, MD with his wife and a staff of rotating nurses... we often had three to six nurses on staff depending on the schedule and time of year. Dr. Martin introduced himself as Robert but pronounced it like Roberto... both he and his wife looked foreign, had dark hair, olive skin and the slightest accent. I learned from the other nurses that they both came from Spain, that he had gone to medical school in the US and that they had opened their practice in Maine out of love of the countryside.

Dr. Martin was a good doctor, but was hard to look at - his face was flat, his nose a lump, and he suffered from childhood pockmarks that scarred him for life. I would have said he was unattractive, but only when his face was in repose. When he spoke, his eyes lit up and his face took on a character of its own. I imagine that it was this second face that his wife fell in love with.

Connie, his wife, was not much bigger than me in size but seemed to tower in any room she occupied. She was capable, smart, decisive and walked around the office with the attitude of a lion tamer. I can imagine her with whip in one hand and chair in the other, nurses cowering and ready to do her bidding. She was always impeccably dressed... four inch heels, skirt, and belted blouse - often with the collar up. I have never seen her without being completely put together... makeup, jewelry, scent and attitude.

Truth be told, Dr. Martin did the doctoring, but Connie ran Dr. Martin and everyone else that walked in the door, from patients to staff to calendar and billing.

This afternoon I had some free time on my hands and decided to clean up one of the exam rooms. I noticed that the door to the Supply Room was not locked as usual and went in to get some spare supplies.

Tucked into the back corner I saw an exam cart, gleaming and ready. I opened the drawers to see if it was equipped properly and gasped when I saw what was inside - an assortment of dildos, vibrators, rabbits, clamps and restraints. I had no idea why this stuff was hidden away in the supply closet and could only assume that it all belonged to Connie - no nurse would bring in her private stash to hide it at work...

What did me in and caused all of this, was in the bottom drawer - a nice little rabbit with a curved tip that was designed to search and destroy g-spots. I laugh at that description, but I had one just like it in school before it walked during one of our dorm parties - Matt would have been a lot easier to tolerate if I could have ground that baby home once a week during our relationship...

This baby pink rabbit was almost exactly like the one I had and just seeing it felt like a hit in the gut. Since school let out I had been rubbing one out here and there, but I hadn't ventured out in my conservative little town to replace my lost toy.

Before I knew what I was doing, I had reached out and picked it up, my thumb rubbing up the rabbit and the curved head arching towards me. Some of the best orgasms I've ever had were a combination of grinding on my g-spot while the rabbit went wild on my clit. At that thought my pussy puckered open and a flush rushed up my chest and into my cheeks. It might have been a while, but my body responded immediately to the sight and feel of it in my hands.

During my four years in Philly I had had sex with a bunch of boys, but not many men. One memorable boy lost his load when I laid down naked on his bed and spread my legs. Another one could never recover from the blow job I gave him... he was hung like a horse and giving him oral was like eating an extra large ice cream cone.. I had to attack it from one side, then the other and then eventually sucked the head into my mouth to his immense and final pleasure.

One of the only "men" I slept with in school was the computer guy for our dorms. It took me a while to convince him that I would be a safe tryst and that no trouble would come from me and in return he treated me to a festival of orgasms. Before he had even taken off his pants he had raised a blush to my checks with an uncommon attention to my breasts and nipples and then moved down to the first of many oral orgasms... the fiercest of which had his lips sucking on my clitoris, his fingers buried deep in me, tracing circles around my g-spot and his thumb rubbing my cum juice around and around my butt hole. I kept cumming as he would move from one sensitive spot to the next, never staying long enough in one to over-stimulate it into pain.

He had introduced me to my g-spot and within the week I had purchased my rabbit and put it to regular and often loud and vigorous use.

Seeing that dildo in the exam cart though was a low blow - a strike directly to my center with all the force that Matt could never deliver. I lost my hearing as the blood pounded fiercely in my ears and that steady thub thub thub was all I could hear. I could feel the heat in my checks and the burning at the tips of my ears in memory of what could be. I put it back, closed the drawers and slowly backed out of the room.

I went back to work and attribute my ability to function at all to the training and compartmentalization that I had learned in Nursing School. While one part of me was smiling or chatting with the staff another part of me was still reaching out with one hand on that dildo... one part of me was thinking about how long it has been since I had cum hard. My ears had stopped pounding and my flush had retreated to my chest, but my pussy was still throbbing to the beat of my heart.

Normally, my pussy looks sleek and hidden below the short crop of red, but when excited, my lips swell up with blood and my secret spaces start to bulge and pucker. My mind was reeling and my sex had definitely come out to play - my juices were soaking the spare fabric of my thongs.

I watched Connie from across the room and tried to imagine her with the cart of toys and stimulations. I had always been so intimidated by her presence that I had never looked at her as a woman. Now I could see her slim waist under her belted blouse, her voluptuous breasts gathered and held at bay behind her buttoned top. Her thin hips topped a shapely ass which melded perfectly with what could only be athletic thighs and well-defined calves.

I imagined Connie kneeling and sucking on a cock, and as I saw in my mind's eye her taking it into her mouth, my nipples shattered into nubs of ice and heat.

Connie snapped me out of my dream state with a cocked eyebrow and a once over look that took me all in.

"Abby" she said, "We'll need Exam Room Four prepped for next week. Why don't you take some time to get it ship-shape? We are OK up here for a while..."

I scurried from the room with a quick "Yes Ma'am" and moved down the hall, a little embarrassed at being caught thinking of Connie in that way while simultaneously aroused at the image.

Exam Room Four looked good at first glance. I started checking supplies in drawers and topping off items as needed when I noticed the cart sitting by the Exam Room door. It shouldn't be there... as a matter of fact there was already one tucked under the counter by the chair. I moved forward in both anticipation and fear... if it was the same cart, what was it doing in the Exam Room? Had Connie put it there? Even worse, could I withstand the temptation that was throbbing away between my legs?

I pressed my thighs together, pinching my lips together and shooting lightning into the rods that my nipples had become. I swooned a little and pressed again. The wet fabric of my thong started chafing my tender spots and I reached down into my scrubs to pull the tight fabric away from my body.

The heat down there was remarkable and I involuntarily reached past the fabric and cupped my entire womanhood in my hand. It throbbed under my hand and the wetness coated my palm and fingers. I cocked one knee to the side to give more room beneath and felt my middle finger slip past the fabric and into the folds below. I dragged my hand up and away, leaving my finger in my folds for as long as I could, stroking my nub for the entire length of the digit.

I was still staring at the cart, my heart pounding in my ears again as I brought my hand up to my nose and smelled the juices still coating my fingers. It smelled amazing and without thought I curled the middle three into my mouth and started sucking them clean.

I snapped out of my reverie and knew that a decision had been made... I moved forward quickly to the cart, open the drawer enough to see the sex toys inside and then stepped to the door of Exam Room Four to lock it from the inside.

In less time than it takes for most men to change a light bulb, I had my scrubs off, both top and bottom, that pink rabbit in my hand and a quick assessment of the exam table made. With precise motions, the back was tilted up, the stirrups were up, and I was sitting up on the table with my bra unclipped from the front and my ankles positioned in the stirrups, knees out and pussy throbbing and calling for release.

I felt insane and right then I didn't care. I checked to make sure that I could see the door was locked. I pinched hard against my nipples and as I tugged them down towards the floor I felt a streamer of juice drip past my taint and onto my rosebud. I reached down with my right hand and lay the dildo against my clit and slit from above. I bounced it a little and pulled it up then down again, destroying any reservations my clit might have and soaking the dildo with my own juices. I lined it up and started pressing against my opening, which was open and ready to devour the full girth.

Again, like I'm flirting with my own sex, I started to rotate the dildo, changing the shape and feel of it as I gently pushed it into me. As the rabbit got close to my clitoris I switched it on and felt the entire length of it vibrating through me. I pressed the rabbit close to my clit and inhaled at the sensation. As my entire body exhaled I tilted the head up and searched for the spot that takes me to Neverland. Finding my g-spot, I coordinated both rabbit and head and ground them into me, starting the buildup to the biggest release I will have had all year. My entire body felt like it was plugged into an electrical socket... my chest, my legs, my scalp the entire surface of my skin felt like it was building up an electrical charge that was going to coalesce into a discharge centered on my core and lips.

I ground and it built, and I ground and it built. My eyes were shut and the entire universe had shrunk to a small spot at my center. I ground and it crested, releasing all the pent-up charge through my clit and core. I didn't let it wash though, but continued to grind with intent, one hand pulling with purpose down below while the other rolled my nipple between tightly pinched fingers.

I didn't realize that I wasn't alone until I heard the door shut and the lock reengaged. My eyes popped open and there in front of me was Connie with that cocked eyebrow chased by a lopsided smile.

I was paralyzed. I was paralyzed by the sight of Connie and I was paralyzed by the sensations that were coursing through my body as I twisted the dildo back and forth, rubbing both my g-spot and my engorged clitoris. I turned my look from Connie to down between my legs and was paralyzed by the sight of my lips sucking at the pink length and my clit's frothy greed. I was determined when I started to make this orgasm count, but having Connie stand there, staring at my most private ecstasy was more than I could stand.

My toes curled uncontrollably, my hips kicked up and down and my hand was acting with a mind of its own, twisting, pulling, pushing and driving me harder and harder to the largest and longest orgasm I have ever had.

I looked up again and saw Connie standing next to the table. With an angelic smile on her face she placed one perfect finger across my lips like she was trying to shush me and at my look of confusion she ducked her head and sucked my free nipple into her mouth.

Like a switch had been thrown, my release washed over me again and I lost myself as she swirled her tongue around and around my nipple before pinching and pulling it into her mouth with soft sucking motions.

I almost screamed as my orgasm notched up another rung and I felt her hand over my mouth, coaxing me to be quiet.

The situation was beyond surreal. I was at work, naked and legs spread, soaking the exam room table with my juices with a rabbit buried in my depths, and my boss - who is normally all business and no nonsense - was sucking one of my nipples into her mouth, shushing my moans of ecstasy and I was having the most intense orgasm of my life. This could not be happening!

At the point the sensation was almost too much and I was considering it may be time to remove the vibrator and call it quits, Connie slipped her dainty hand past my active grinding and dipped a well manicured finger into my rosebud.

I reacted like lightning had shot through my body, back arching, head pressed back into the recliner and pussy shaking and jerking. I had lost all control. My hand ground the vibrator into and out of me, the orgasm coursing through me like electric shocks. Connie held steady and I felt myself impaled on her finger as I pushed and pulled my hips down on her and my rabbit. I lost control of my bladder and wet the table and the floor beneath. I didn't care... I fucked myself over and over and over again. Riding it until I lost all physical control.

I woke up to Connie's soft lips on my forehead. She stroked my hair as it lay sweaty against my face. The vibrator lay on the floor by the exam table and Connie had the most gentle expression on her face. At that moment she was not my boss, nor a lion tamer, she was so beautiful and in her eyes, I felt beautiful as well. She leaned in close and whispered intimately in my ear.

"Abby... come see me when you get this all cleaned up. Take your time mi amado, no need to rush."

She kissed me on the cheek, slipped out the door and locked it from the outside with her key.

I have nothing but time to think about what will happen next.


Orgasm Inc. Ch. 02

Abby learns the secret behind the Doctor's office.

*** Abby ***

I sat in stunned silence for a bit, my eyes locked onto the door, my thoughts reeling. When I started to get cold, I pulled my feet out of the stirrups and curled up on the exam table, hoping to collect my warmth. My mind's eye darted from one image to the next.

I couldn't believe I got caught masturbating by my boss! I couldn't believe I lost control of my bladder! I couldn't believe my boss had suckled my nipple!

My mind raced back to that crazy moment when Connie bent over me and pulled my nipple into her mouth and my flush rose again, my nipple tingling in memory. My hand reached up and cupped my breast, pressing the nipple into my palm and shooting sensations through my chest and back.

Did Connie have her finger in my ass? My eyes glazed as I thought back to the scene and distinctly remembered riding not only the rabbit but her finger to a crashing and intense orgasm.

Wait. Was I about to be fired? What was Connie doing there?

Both shame and excitement coursed through me; the shame brought a blush to my cheeks and the excitement a heat to my chest. Images and feelings pervaded my mind's eye: my pussy, my clitoris, my Boss, my nipple, my rosebud, my amazing orgasm. As each image passed through my mind, sensations tingled up my body, straight into my core..

After ten minutes I did what I always do: I put what happened into a box and set it aside to investigate later. I got up, cleaned myself up, cleaned the floor, cleaned the table and set the room right. Finally, I gazed at myself in the exam room mirror—everything was in order.

As I unlocked the door and stepped out, Connie passed by in the hall and said out of the side of her mouth with a tight nod, "Come then."

I woodenly followed her back to her office, not knowing what was going to happen next. She held the door as I entered and gestured to the chair across from hers, and as I sat, she closed the door and took her own seat across the desk from me.

She looked me up and down once, turned her chair to the side, leaned back and looking at a certificate on the side wall said in a heavier than normal Spanish accent "Caray! That was intense. Is it always intense for you?"

Her eyes darted to the side and stared at me again and as she did, I leaned back in my chair and relaxed a little. This wasn't a discussion about getting fired.

"No," I said. "I just...I just really needed that."

"Had it been a while?" she asked.

"In a way..." I started to think about how to answer the question, but a question of my own came out of my mouth first. I watched her more intensely and asked, "Did you set that up?"

Connie glanced to the right again and caught my expression of confusion. I saw the right side of the smirk curling her lip for a split-second.

"I saw you come out of the supply room and you appeared flustered." She waved one hand, dismissing the observation. "After that I knew you had seen the cart and I wanted to see what would happen if you had some privacy with it. You'd never come off as a prig and I had hoped you would take the opportunity to...help yourself."

I fell back in my chair, seeing how this had played out for her and still not understanding why the cart was there, my thoughts were interrupted by her as she asked a question.

"Do you like orgasms?" Her eyes flipped to me once again, an imperious eyebrow demanding an answer. Instead of gracing the question with a verbal answer, I crossed my arms and gave her a look that said Duh...

She turned her gaze back up to the certificate. "Can you imagine a life without them?" She stretched out the upturn in that question and flicked her eyes to me again. This time the expression on my face was disgust.

"There are some people who suffer from a condition preventing them from having orgasm. Did you know that? It is called anorgasmia."

My eyes widened, my eyebrows raised and I unfocused, imagining not being able to feel that joy. What came out of my mouth was, "That's so sad." I tried to imagine someone taking away that singular joy from me and while part of me was sad, another part got angry at the prospect.

Connie continued, "once a month we have a special day in which we take special patients, patients who cannot have orgasms...and during that day we try to help."

I glanced up and back into her eyes across the table. This was not idle trivia and the cart in the supply room now had a context. Her acceptance of my solo adventure and her willingness to talk of the act so naturally made more sense.

Connie searched my face and saw the blossom of understanding on it. She continued, "We recently lost our nurse—our special nurse—and are looking for someone to fill the position. How would you feel about helping women who cannot orgasm to experience the joy you think is so vital to life?"

I quirked my eyebrow and tilted my head in an unspoken indication of interest.

"This position would come with more hours, a little more admin work, an appropriate bump in pay, and an opportunity to get to work closely with Dr. Martin and I."

As she said "work closely with Dr. Martin and I", her eyes darted to me again. My nipples tingled and my pussy pulsed in measure with my heart. I writhed a little in the chair, but finally sat up and asked, "What would my duties be?"

"The same as they have been." Connie answered. "Patient intake, patient counseling, exam room assistance, cleanup and a great deal of discretion—the discretion being the most important part."

She watched me pointedly. "Can you be trusted?" she asked.

As she listed off the duties there was a part of my mind saying, "I can do that" and when she said, "Can you be trusted?" there was a part of my mind demanding she believe me when I said, "Yes."

Connie swiveled her seat back to center and focused on me. "Yes, you can be trusted or Yes you'd be interested in filling the position?"

I sat tall at the edge of my chair and faced her down. "Both," I said.

She peered into my eyes for five long seconds, her eyes moved from eye to eye, to my lips, to the determined and confident set of my jaw. She smiled a small smile and leaned back again into her chair.

"Well, then..." she reached into a drawer, pulled out a long rectangular box and placed it on her side of the desk, between us. "I'd like you to have this. It seems you may need it. A private gift to you...from me." She pushed the box a little away from her and it sat halfway between us on her desk.

I glanced over and saw the advertising picture of the rabbit gracing the lid of the box. I smiled at her comment and leaned forward in my chair. She smiled in response and pushed it further towards me. Our hands touched as I took the box and brought it close to me.

I blushed a little at the intimacy of the gift and the goosebumps her touch raised on my arm, reminding me of her other touches. I expressed, in gratitude, "I look forward to making use of this."

I leaned back again into my chair and stared once again at Connie. I had questions of my own and I wasn't sure how to ask them without pushing forward. I didn't want to walk away from this meeting and still not know the answers...

Connie," I said, squirming just a bit. "You sucked my nipple, then you touched me."

I paused, sucking in a deep breath. I hoped she couldn't see any shame on my face. All I felt was confusion. The last fifteen minutes were wild enough without knowing that it was my boss of all people who made me cum.

Connie leaned back in her chair and watched me for a long time, eyes darting between each eye, to my lips, to my forehead and back to my eyes.

"That is part of what we do here. I could see, while you were on the cusp of your climax, that the smallest of..." her eyes glanced at my breasts and a small smile quirked her lips as she cleared her throat, "adjustments...could make it so much better. I didn't think you'd mind," and with this last, a short chuckle escaped her throat. "And to be totally honest, you are not the only woman who has needs."

I looked up at her questioningly.

"When I share this with Roberto, later, he's going to have to...punish me most exquisitely." When she said the word "punish" she did it like a child waiting for a treat and like a woman open to the possibilities.

"I will also, definitely, be thinking of you later when I'm alone." At the word "definitely" she looked me straight on and smiled at me again.

Hearing Dr. Martin's name linked with such sexual gusto, shifted my world even more. I had never considered Dr. Martin as a sexual creature, but Connie was absolutely one, and imagining Dr. Martin keeping up with her enthusiasm changed things for me.

"You're going to tell Dr. Martin?" I asked.

"Well, of course. He will be very excited to hear how things turned out." With this, she pushed back her chair and stood.

She walked around the desk and started towards the door. "I will update your work schedule first thing. To help you learn the ropes, I'll have our old nurse come before our first sessions and do a dry run for you. After that, we will be counting on you, and you alone."

The dismissal in her tone prompted me to stand, not sure if things could go back to business as usual around the office. I left her office and headed to the lounge where I hid my new toy in my bag, got a tall glass of water, and when I was ready, I headed back up to the front. The other nurses glanced at me, knowing something had happened in Exam Room Four and that I just had a closed-door session with Connie. The questions in their eyes were left unanswered. I just smiled, shrugged my shoulders and got back to the grind.

The entire rest of the day was spent with Connie barely looking at me. I, however, thought of her, and the gift, and the lingering tingle in my nipple.

Before I left for the day, Dr. Martin approached me in the hallway and extended his hand. I put mine out to shake it, but he grabbed it and warmly held it.

"You've talked with Connie?" he asked.

"I have..." I stuttered.

"We will be seeing you later?" he asked.

"You will," I stated more strongly, pulling my shoulders back and standing straighter.

"I very much look forward to working with you. Well done." He smiled into my eyes and released my hand, turned and headed down the hall to the back.

His hands were warm and gentle, which only slightly distracted me from noticing for the first time what a nice smile he had and how his dress pants hugged his ass.

*** Matthew ***

Matthew hunched down in the captain's chair of his van and crossed his arms across his chest. It was early, he was cold, and he was annoyed. Today's setup was unplanned and unasked for, and to top it off he was angry and sad about the changes.

He and Rhonda had spoken for a bit about why she was leaving the Martin's, but he was unable to convince her to stay. "It is time," she had said, in that distinctive New Orleans twang she drops into when she is trying to be enigmatic. "I need to spend some time by myself and answer those important questions about Life that I've been avoiding."

He thought back to the discussion, the two of them lying next to each other with a thin sheet pulled up to their waists. Sweat had still glistened across her small breasts and one of her long brown legs was pulled out of the sheet and cooling off in the open air.

She had rolled up onto her elbow and peered at him with a wicked grin and started tracing circles through his light chest hair with her index finger, looping her free leg over his thighs in a low-body hug.

"Don't worry overmuch. I know who will be replacing me and I think you'll like her. I've met her before, and she has a bright personality...even if she is as ugly as a toad." As she said "toad" she pinched his nipple and cackled at the sour expression on his face.

"Now, wipe that look off your face and stop your fretting. Things are as they should be, and things will be as they ought. Don't be creating grief where only joy has been."

As she said "joy" she had bounced up to her knees, straddling him, and pinched both of his nipples hard enough to elicit an expression of pain. At his new expression, she cackled again and moved her hands down his chest and then farther still until he stopped thinking of anything but of Rhonda and of Joy.

Matthew was brought back from his recollections as people started to arrive at the Doctor's Office. Rhonda got there first, parking close to the building. When she got out, she gazed across the parking lot to the van parked in the corner and gave a small wave with her fingers as she smiled. She wore her hair in a colorful cascade of beaded braids today, a young style that brought out her playful side and playful side.

Close behind her, Dr. Martin and Connie pulled up, and after getting out, moved up to the back door to meet Rhonda in a huddle.

A couple minutes later, the new girl arrived, parking next to Rhonda and turning off her car.

She is young, Matthew thought, as he hunched down a little in his captain's seat and watched in his driver's side mirror as she leaned farther into her car and pulled out a box of donuts. Red hair, fair skin, fit body.

From this distance, she didn't appear to be a Toad, but it was hard to tell. The differences couldn't be more stark, thought Matthew, as he compared the new girl and his long-time friend, Rhonda. Rhonda stood 5'10", was somewhere in her 30's, had skin the shade of milk chocolate and a poise that came off as wise. The new girl was fresh, young, had a creamy complexion and seemed innocent.

Dr. Martin, Connie and Rhonda stopped their conversation as the new girl walked towards them, holding out the donut box. Dr. Martin and Connie smiled in welcome. Matthew watched as Rhonda took the box in one hand and side-hugged the redhead.

After a brief conversation, some gestures that encompassed Matthew's van, the nearby shed, the main building, and the handing over of keys, Dr. Martin and Connie got back in their car and left. Rhonda and the new girl watched as they pulled out, and once they were gone, Rhonda tucked her arm through her successor's and pulling her along, walked across the parking lot toward Matthew.

He scrunched down farther into his seat, and crossed his arms, slouching down as if asleep.

He heard them approach the driver's side and heard a soft chuckle from Rhonda as she peeked in the window.

"All right, Sunshine!" she yelled through the window while smacking the driver's side door. "Up and at 'em. We've got work to do."

Matthew bolted upright in his chair at the banging and pretended to wipe sleep from his eyes as he lowered his window. "All right, Rhonda. Geez...always such a pleasure to wake up to!"

Rhonda chuckled again at his feigned state and pushed the box of donuts through the window. "Abby, this is Matthew Bishop. You have no idea how smart it was to bring donuts. He gets cranky when his sugar is low."

Rhonda smiled, but Abby burst into laughter. Both Rhonda and Matthew looked at her like she had lost her mind, a puzzled expression on each of their faces.

"You named your van 'Gambit'?!" Abby said while laughing, referencing the personal plates gracing his van.

"Bishop's Gambit!? That's really cute," she said.

Matthew's mouth hung open in awe at Abby's connection, and he glanced from her to Rhonda, who just continued to look at Abby like she was a babbling kook.

"OK, ok," Abby continued, "The donuts are yours, but I see your opening and commit to Petrov's Counterattack." Abby laughed again, this time slapping her hand on the windowsill as Matthew continued to gawk.

Matthew couldn't stop his heart from bursting in his chest. No one had ever put together his play on words, nor could rebut as she had.

He instantly fell in love with her. He fell in love with her mind, he fell in love with her dorky 'counterattack' comment, and he fell in love with her smile. She was smart, beautiful, and definitely not a toad and like all 'cool' guys out there, he couldn't let anything show on his face.

He half-smiled at her and then frowned at Rhonda with an expression that said, "Toad, indeed(!)" Rhonda responded with a crinkled nose and knowing smile and pulled his door open.

As Matthew stepped out, he noted how Abby had to look up at his 6'4" height and in turn looked down on her 5'6" and put a hand out to shake.

"Hi, I'm Matthew."

Abby took his hand warmly with a smile still on her face. "Hi, I'm Abby, Rhonda's successor."

Before letting go of her hand, he glanced at Rhonda, dredged up his Latin lessons and looked back at Abby and asked "Your last name wouldn't be Bufonin, would it?"

Abby crinkled her nose for a second and then did her own translation. "Ha, I'm more of a Ranae...I have teeth that bite!" and with "bite" raised her other hand into a claw and using it like a frog's mouth, bit down on his pectoral.

They both started giggling, and then separated. Rhonda appeared nonplussed at the interaction and chagrined at their easy connection. She stepped between the two and smacked Matthew on the arm. "I told you you'd like her! Now quit your goofing and let's get to work. These boxes aren't going to lug themselves."

The next hour was spent with crates being pulled from the back of his van and boxes and boxes pulled from the shed. They all made it inside and while Matthew put together the ad hoc Wi-Fi network, the ladies pulled brochures and display items from the boxes.

He overheard Rhonda discussing the security protocols in place to ensure patient confidentiality as they moved from one exam room to the next, and the secure website he had helped initiate that dealt with education and communications once they were a patient.

Matthew had already placed the cameras around the building and the tablets each patient received on entry. The tablets were another of his ideas. They reduced nurse time and directed patients from room to room as needed.

Matthew, for his part, spent most of his time setting up WALLY—his very own Sexometer—in Exam Room One.

WALLY was his brain-child and his ticket to the big times. It was a device that morphed a knee stool with a Sybian sex toy, but with sensors! It allowed a user to sit upright on the knee stool, while answering a survey and uploading data about blood flow, electrical impulses, and contractions through a sensor available.

Combined with his "patented" and adaptive arousal survey, he was able to capture the correlated physical reactions to survey text and images to produce a baseline for a person's Arousal Preferences.

Matthew's greatest accomplishment, and the grail that kept him awake at night, was a device that could determine what turns people on.

Every one of Dr. Martin's patients took the survey and it was key in the development of a Personal Action Plan that Connie and Dr. Martin presented to each patient. Sometimes the PAPs required the patient to visit on a monthly basis and sometimes it required remote therapy and follow-up. Managing the patient PAP and follow-up visits used to be Rhonda's job. Now it was Abby's.

The back of Matthew's van, "Gambit", was a control center for all the equipment he brought to the offices. He had a stool on wheels and a console that controlled all the cameras and feedback data from WALLY. Matthew leaned back against the wall of his van and watched while Rhonda and Abby worked the "setup" for the special therapy day.

Matthew popped one of the donuts into his mouth and bit it in half as he trailed Abby and Rhonda from room to room on the camera feeds. He listened to Rhonda talk endlessly about one process after another, and he watched Abby's face move from relaxation to tension as the data piled up. He watched her breathe through the stress, taking deliberate breaths when things got too complicated.

He could watch her for hours. She was unreal. He watched her think, he watched her laugh and touch Rhonda's arm in affection, he watched her bend over and pick up boxes—her petite, yet strong, body moving from one task to another.

While he watched her, he undressed her in his head. The medical Scrubs they both wore hid so much of the detail he craved, but he was able to imagine the curve of breast, the long lines of her legs, the bunched muscles of her ass. He watched, and as he often did, the blood rushed to his shorts and started to turn the tips of his ears red.

He was seeing something he shouldn't. Like a god, he was looking in on a seemingly private conversation, he was panning and zooming for details that were sent to him in secret. The intimacy of the act—as one-sided as it was—was so erotic his reaction was inevitable.

In the end, he watched as Rhonda brought Abby into Exam Room 1 and gave her the details on WALLY.

"So many of the women who come here suffering from anorgasmia don't suffer from a physical issue at all, but a different sort of issue." Rhonda crossed her arms and shook her head. "I think it's from all the old white men around here who don't know how to treat a woman!"

Rhonda turned and gestured to WALLY and gave her a very girl-to-girl explanation. "You sit on this stool contraption and answer a bunch of sex questions and it can tell what you like and what you don't." She raised and lowered her eyebrows at Abby a few times to express excitement. "We use it to figure out how to guide the ladies to getting their Big O back into their lives."

Matthew watched Abby step up to WALLY and knelt, looking at the stool, then underneath, then closely at the small dildo protruding from its "seat".

"This is brilliant!" she said. "I can see sensors...what are they for? Blood flow? Electrical impulses?" Abby flicked her hand across the dildo, watching roughly 4 inches of pink rubber wobble back and forth.

Matthew, once again, marveled at Abby's ready intelligence. Her curiosity and open attitude was refreshing, and her ability to appreciate his hard work was heartening and filled him with confidence. Matthew didn't think Rhonda had ever expressed curiosity at his work and always seemed to chalk up his efforts as "nerdy stuff".

Rhonda stepped forward, peered a little closer, and said, "Matthew said there was stuff in there, but I can't remember what it is. You can ask him later; I'm sure he'll want to talk to you about it."

"Anyway, you'll need to familiarize yourself with the equipment, and the best way to do that is to go through the baseline survey. Everyone needs to get baselined—I've been through it, myself. The easiest way to understand WALLY's functioning, which you may have to guide our patients through, is to go through the process yourself."

Rhonda touched Abby's arm and turning said, "I'll give you some privacy, but you'll need to hop on that thing and work your way through the survey. Just follow the prompts on the laptop in front of you. Oh, and when you are done, you'll probably want to experiment with the arrow keys on the keyboard a little. I always find a surprise there when I do it!"

With that last comment, Rhonda glanced into the webcam of the laptop and then at the other camera he had set up in the room and smiled mischievously as she left the room.

Matthew expanded his two camera feeds to full screen and dragged them to his two monitors, side-by-side and larger than life. He watched Abby click on the large button on the laptop screen titled "Patient Setup Instructions". Abby hesitated at the next screen and Matthew heard her utter "don't think about it, just do it" while she took off her shoes and pants, folded them onto the exam side table and peeled off her thong underwear and placed them on top.

Matthew was instantly erect at the sight. He was right about the long lines of her legs and the bunched muscles of her ass. Both were on perfect display as she pulled her thong down, bending at the hips and stepping out of them one dainty foot at a time. Her legs were milky white and almost hairless, her toes painted an attractive red.

Matthew watched as she glanced at the door and then back to WALLY. "OK, let's do this..." she said as she strode to the table-top and picked up a bottle of lube, squirting a dollop into her palm. She stroked the dildo a couple times with lube and with another quick glance towards the door, reached down and spread the remainder of the lube across her nether lips.

Ten seconds later, and a little hesitation before her commitment to the act, she had settled down with an audible, "Whoa!" on the stool, pierced by WALLY.

A few keystrokes later, WALLY started streaming telemetry data and it came pouring in to Matthew's third monitor.

He glanced at the laptop cam and saw a close up of her face as she stared at the laptop screen. He watched her click buttons and bite her lip as she nervously started up the adaptive survey.

The adaptive survey was almost as important as the technical marvel WALLY was. It would lead Abby through every type of sexual preference he could think of, paired it with images and videos and changed its behavior based on her answers and how her body reacted to it.

In the end, Matthew could tell if you were into bondage, exhibitionism, spanking, same-sex, sub/dom, voyeurism and incest, as well as a series of follow-up questions that spanned racial, situational, and erogenous zones.

He was watching Abby's face as she moved through the questions, watching the blush rise from the collar of her scrubs and up her neck, when Rhonda opened the back of the van and climbed in, closing it behind her.

Matthew quickly adjusted in his seat to hide his erection and turned to Rhonda as she entered. He knew that Rhonda had set up a lot of today's show for his benefit, but for a quick second, he didn't want her to know how turned on he was. He was going to miss her and didn't want her to think she was easily replaced.

"You can't..." he began, but Rhonda moved her hand over his mouth and said with an exaggerated drawl, "Hush now. I can do what I want. I delivered her to you on a silver platter; you should be thanking me."

They both turned to the monitors and watched as Abby squirmed a little on the stool at a scenario in which she asked to imagine being watched by a neighbor as she had sex. Rhonda dropped to her knees on the van carpet and continued to watch as Abby's face lit up with the reflection of a video of a woman publicly masturbating on her laptop. The blush from her neck had spread to her cheeks and the telemetry data was going haywire recording her physical reactions and increased pulse rate.

Rhonda looked up into Matthew's face and saw his glazed expression as he watched while Abby worked her way through the survey. Satisfied, Rhonda moved her hand to his shorts and wrapped her fingers around his evident erection.

"Don't worry about me, Hun. I'm just going to say goodbye to this thing for a while."

Matthew looked down as Rhonda started unbuttoning his pants and pulled them down. He lifted a little in his chair so she could work his lower garments to his ankles.

"Is it Exhibitionism that has got her so worked up right now?" Rhonda asked, already knowing the answer from the telemetry data about the survey. As Matthew looked up to respond, Rhonda lowered her head to his lap and took his turgid cock into her mouth.

Matthew slumped in his chair from the over-stimulation of his eyes and his cock and let go control of the situation. His hand dropped to her beaded hair and rested on the back of her head while he continued to watch Abby in the cameras.

Rhonda swirled her tongue around the tip of his penis, holding back his foreskin with a wet hand. She slurped and sucked him, reveling in his masculine, sour taste. She stroked him with her now-slick hand as she bobbed up and down, taking as much of him into her mouth as she could. She then pulled back until the mushroom head of his cock popped out and was gobbled up again. Her other hand crept beneath her ministrations and lifted his balls from the chair before rolling them between her fingers. He leaned back even farther to give her full access and started talking to her like she liked.

Rhonda was a churchgoing woman and even ran the gift shop on Sundays between services. She was a much-respected member of the church crowd and was treated with a deference she had not earned through accomplishment, but mostly through proper dress, proper diction and fine acting. She lived two lives—the public, upstanding church attendee, and the horny, cock-hungry sex nurse she was a couple times a month.

Matthew had baselined Rhonda and knew from her responses she liked it a little dirty, a little shameful, and a little bossy.

He took a handful of her beaded extensions and pulled her head back a little off his cock. "You like sucking my big, fat cock? You like cleaning my cock for me? What would the ladies think if they could see you now? On your knees and begging me to let you suck my cock. You want to suck this cock?"

Rhonda reacted to the change in tone and the forceful language; her face relaxed, and she sat back on her heels as far as she could within the iron grip he had on her head.

"Yes, Sir. Can I suck your cock? Can I please suck your cock? Those other women can all stand in line. I got here first. Please, can I suck your cock?!"

Matthew marveled at the game they played. Rhonda more often than naught was the one to kick his ass into gear and direct their work, but when she was turned on, she loved his rough language and handling. He stood, hunched in the van and moved his cock towards her mouth as she knelt in front of him. When he was half-an-inch away and could feel her breathing on his wet head he told her, "Suck it, Rhonda. Suck my cock and play with my balls like the filthy thing you are."

Rhonda started back at his member, sucking, licking, stroking and massaging his testicles. She worked him for about thirty seconds before the computer binged at the two of them indicating the survey was done. They both stopped and stared up at the monitor as if caught in the act and unsure how to proceed.

*** Abby ***

The survey ended with Abby close to the top of her journey to orgasm. The questions had spawned images in her mind that left her reeling. The videos had mimicked some erotic fantasies that she previously had only had in her imagination. When the survey ended, Abby was in a state of sexual frustration she had not felt in ages.

She had a dildo inside her and had just spent the past 15 minutes watching and answering what could only be described as a pornographic sex survey. She had seen video clips and flashing images of leather, whips, lesbian sex, oral displays, facials, spy-cam footage, amateur video, and a strange combination of argument/responses she had to choose from.

She could not wait until she got home and played with her new rabbit toy.

Just as she thought everything was done, she saw another window open on the laptop and the gloomy interior of a van. She thought she recognized Rhonda there and Matthew sitting in a chair. The camera feed was coming from somewhere in the front and taking in the entire back of the van.

Abby thought this might be instructions for her, now that her survey was done, so she sat back and stared at the window for a minute.

"I hope Abby remembers to play around with the arrow keys a little before she gets done..." Rhonda said into the van, not looking at Matthew. She turned her head towards the front and with the eye that wasn't visible to Matthew performed a long slow wink for the camera.

"I always get a nice surprise when I do, don't I, Hun?" she said, as she turned back to Matthew. "Now, where was I?" she asked rhetorically and dropped her head back into Matthew's lap.

Abby hadn't noticed before, but Matthew's pants were around his ankles and when Rhonda dropped her head into his lap she quickly noticed his very erect cock resting against his shirt.

Rhonda tilted her head towards the front and started working his cock so the camera could see it all. She licked it and stroked it up and down as if showing the camera the full length and breadth of his assets. She pulled his foreskin back and swirled her tongue around the tip.

Matthew's head was leaning back against the chair, but came forward when Rhonda asked between licks, sucks and sidelong glances at the camera, "What's her baseline look like? What gets Abby's rocks off?"

Abby could answer that question. Apparently, this got her rocks off. She was watching the lady who ran the church's gift shop kneel at the feet of someone much younger than her and show off her oral skills to a camera she knew was on and working. She had gotten worked up during the survey, but this was taking things to a new level.

Her hand moved to the arrow keys of the laptop and pressed one at random. The entire stool and the dildo in particular started vibrating under her. It was so unexpected she almost jumped out of the seat, but the kneeling position wouldn't allow her to. She cycled through the arrow key options and deduced how to change the vibration frequency and pattern pretty quickly. As she was working the options, she was treated to a cavalcade of sensation that got her already-wet pussy to start oozing in earnest.

Looking back to the camera she saw Matthew reading off of one of the screens. "We've got high Romance, middling Sub/Dom..."

Rhonda spoke up from his lap, "What is her Exhibitionism/Voyeurism?"

"Both high," Matthew replied.

"That is what I thought,." Rhonda said, as she leaned back and gazed into Matthew's eyes.

"She likes to see and be seen Matthew...just like you!" Rhonda stood and pulled Matthew by the hands to the edge of his chair.

"I'm done fucking around with that big cock of yours and need it in me now." Rhonda turned and leaned over his desk, ass facing him and only a foot away. "I want to pretend that she's watching us now. I want to pretend that she's going to watch you fuck me with that big long cock of yours. I want to pretend that she's going to watch you come inside my aching pussy..."

As Rhonda stated her wants to Matthew, she turned her head back to the front of the van and stared into the camera with a wicked smirk on her face. Matthew listened to her and knew she was pressing his Exhibitionism button, but didn't mind it at all. His balls ached with need and the tip of his cock was dripping precum by the time she was finished.

"Watch her on the camera while you fuck me. Pretend that she's watching you back. Fuck me like the savage you are. Fuck me for her to see."

With that last sentence, Matthew lined himself up with her spread legs and looked down at her dripping pussy visible below. Rhonda's thighs were glistening with the drippings from her core and as he marveled at the view, he lined up his cocked and plunged himself in.

He could tell she was more than ready for the length of him, and the way she was talking, was not interested in soft caresses and careful maneuvers. He plunged in to the hilt and looked up into the monitor to see Abby's face blush and heave as she breathed.

Abby could see herself on each of the monitors, one a close up of her face and the other a full-room view. She watched Matthew pull back on Rhonda and almost exit her tight nether grasp, then plunge back in.

It was too much for Abby. She reached down and in one swift motion pulled off her scrub top, exposing her sexy bra and small breasts. In another motion she had her shoulder straps down and had pulled the cups from her breasts, flopping below as she clenched each breast and nipple in each hand.

"Oh, look at those titties, Hun! Look at those little nipples. I bet they just love to be sucked!" Rhonda crooned from her position on the desk, head turned towards the monitors.

"Oh! You like that don't you?" Rhonda teased, as Matthew punished her with two wild thrusts from behind while staring at Abby in the monitor.

"She's watching you fuck me, Hun. She's watching your balls bounce into me as you fuck me like the animal you are."

Abby moved one hand from her breasts to the keypad and started the vibrations and oscillations that matched her pace and energy.

It was simultaneously a race and a choreographed number. Matthew watched Abby bring herself to orgasm, while Abby watched Matthew pound mercilessly into Rhonda, and they both watched as Rhonda rode his cock, and her flicking finger against her clit, to her own orgasm.

The tempo rose, the sensations crested and like dominoes, they all achieved completion, each roaring like beasts as they did.

Matthew felt Rhonda's orgasms building and cresting, her cracked voice yelling, "Yes, yes, yes! Oh FUCK, oh fuck, oh fuck."

As she contracted around his length, his balls took the cue and started pumping their contents as well, his cock swelling in size and sensitivity and needing to pump, pump, pump. Matthew's orgasm was accompanied by, "Oh Rhonda, oh my god, Rhonda, Oh, oh, oh"

Abby didn't orgasm—she exploded. Her nipples were on fire, her pussy was on fire, her clit was standing up and taking ovations. She watched first Rhonda and then Matthew orgasm and then finally let her own go, like a long-held breath. The oscillations of the stool kept coming back and asking for more, and she kept giving it. She lost count of the orgasms she had as they just kept coming and merging with each other. And then she couldn't feel anything. He body was numb and her nerves felt short-circuited. She stopped the vibrations and slumped on the stool, watching the figures in the van.

Matthew slumped against Rhonda, still buried deep in her, one arm wrapped around her waist holding her up and the other around her chest cradling her into himself.

As she watched dazedly, Rhonda reached up and shut down the camera feed. The blank screen prompted her to slowly, on trembling legs, get up and start dressing again.

This job was going to kill her, possibly with a smile on her face.

