Squall managed to wrench free of Seifer's grip as they were all but pushed through a door; one or the other of them kicked it closed behind them. It went back and forth between them after that, reach and block and lunge, only this time when it came to the end of it Squall found himself in possession of the upper hand.

Seifer made some comment that Squall didn't really hear, but wasn't actually protesting too much when Squall kicked his legs out from under him and followed down to grind him into the floor. Seifer would have bruises later, from the impact of his shoulders, from the grip of Squall's fingers; Squall found a smug kind of satisfaction in that, and in the darkly purple spot already swelling slightly on Seifer's throat.

Fastening his mouth to that spot again, Squall just kept moving until all of the tension between them snapped and bled away.

As he was levering to his feet again after, though, the satisfaction started to fade into something-- uncertain. Squall felt unaccountably twitchy without his shirt; Seifer managed to look all the more intimidating without his. Squall couldn't manage to look at him for more than a second at a time, something that Seifer had to have noticed but for whatever reason decided not to comment on. And Squall tried hard not to feel grateful for that, but wasn't sure he succeeded; mostly he was uncomfortably aware that something between them was shifting, changing under the constant pressure of that gods-be-damned bond.

He was even more uncomfortably aware that he wasn't sure he was all that upset about it-- the constant strain of things they way they were was exhausting.

He was reaching for his belt when Seifer, with that infuriating poking-at-anthills grin, leaned in close enough to murmur right next to Squall's ear. "So, what if I wanted to fuck you?"

Squall froze, blinking once. "What?" he managed, taking a few steps back.

"You heard me," Seifer replied easily. "Come on, don't tell me you haven't thought about it. I even promise to make you like it."

Squall met the look with a challenging bare of teeth. "What if I wanted to fuck you?"

He'd expected-- indignation, anger, some kind of macho bullshit posturing. Instead, he just got more of that predator smile. "I s'pose we can negotiate. If you think you can handle me." Seifer lifted both hands to push back his hair, bringing the muscles in his chest and shoulders into sharp relief, and his eyes never left Squall's the whole time.

Squall was caught looking, and for a moment couldn't look away. His fingers, in the middle of fastening his belt, just sort of fiddled there aimlessly-- which was where, he noticed after a second, Seifer's own eyes seemed to get caught.

Snarling against the sudden shaky feeling in his chest, Squall grabbed up his shirt and yanked it on, jerking the door open and leaving Seifer behind before any part of him could think better of it.

***

Luke lay against Guy, sticky and breathing hard. He wasn't terribly comfortable-- they were crammed onto a little narrow cot that obviously hadn't been intended for two, and he was pretty sure his right foot was falling asleep. But honestly, it was still enough of a bed to be a novelty, and it was there, so, good enough.

No, for the most part Luke was pretty content, but he eventually couldn't put off remembering that they'd had an audience out in the hallway. "We keep making really great first impressions, don't we," he said sourly.

Guy laughed quietly, shaking his head.

"Mm." Luke shifted so he was propped up a bit instead of sprawled all over Guy-- well, sprawled as much. It was a really narrow cot. He mostly just wedged his elbow against the wall and levered up until he could see over Guy's shoulder. He considered their little room, nothing but four walls and a battered bench and the bed, and then he considered the fact that if they went outside they would have to face the strangers they had nearly had sex in front of. He considered their little room again, and its firmly closed door.

"Um," he said, looking sidelong at Guy. "Again?"

Guy gave him a slow smile then leaned up, his hand sliding into Luke's hair.

It was rare enough that they had the time to linger, not when it really mattered-- they took the time when they had it, of course, but that never seemed to be a possibility when the need was clawing at them the hardest. Privacy had been even harder to come by since they had left Choral Castle in such a large group.

And yeah, they probably should have gone back out to talk business and all, but Luke really didn't have any urge to do that just yet. It was a good enough excuse as any to take their time, and if it would help him get rid of the last lingering shakiness in him, then all the better. It had been their first real brush with danger, after all-- not that the portal guards with their guns hadn't been dangerous, but those things out there were in an entirely different category. Seeing them had shaken him on a level that the other threats so far hadn't really touched. So maybe there was a little part of him that wanted to make good and sure that Guy was right there and all right.

They didn't really move, just settled back in on their sides with their fingers wrapped around both of them together, coming up for air when they needed to but mostly just kissing in a long, steady press. They moved in time with each other by instinct, probably due more to knowing each other for so long than any effect of the bond. But as their hands moved with a slow, persistent pressure, Luke reached for that anyway, reached for the sense of Guy that was always tickling at the edge of his consciousness and tried to wrap himself around it.

They came at the same time, Luke feeling the hot burst of pleasure in Guy's head as well as his own. The force of the combined orgasm left him gasping and wrung out, every muscle trembling faintly.

"Think anyone'll care if we take a nap?" he said when he could manage it.

"Nn," Guy grunted, already nosing into Luke's shoulder, his eyes closed.

"Oh," Luke said faintly, letting himself drift. "Good."

***

Their pairs slowly trickled back to them from their convenient nooks, looking flushed and mussed and much calmer-- and varying degrees of embarrassed, but when none of the natives made a fuss about it they slowly relaxed. Vincent saw Basch take each pair aside as they emerged and fill them in on the latest developments; saw Roy give an exaggeratedly relieved roll of his eyes at not having to explain, himself. Vincent just shook his head and waited.

They all somehow ended up back in that silo, looking down at the rocket in its nest of cables and struts and scaffolding. "So okay," Seifer said. "If you guys've got this thing, why the hell aren't you long gone from this shithole?"

Cid gave him a narrow look, but his constant gnawing on that stick in his mouth paused. "It doesn't quite work yet," he answered grudgingly. "Engine needs a part."

"And?"

"And, we don't have it," Cid ground out. "Why do you think I was risking my neck out there? I was trying to get to my workshop, only for some reason it's usually surrounded by a few hundred infected." He shook his head, visibly frustrated. "It's like they know, somehow. I've been keepin' an eye on the place for months now and they just never leave. If they weren't so bloody stupid the rest of the time, I'd wonder--"

He huffed again, then gave them a speculative look. "But hey, with you guys here, maybe we got a chance. After all, y'all are pretty much custom designed to fight them. So here's the deal," Cid finished, with a sharp grin, "you get us what we need, we give you a lift back to civilization."

"Or?" Squall asked narrowly. Vincent had to agree with his tone-- he didn't like being threatened, either.

Cid just gave them a shrug. "Or you stay here and die slow like the rest of us, I don't much care. Your choice."

"Not much of one," David said mildly.

Cid's grin didn't twitch. "'S all I got to offer. Gettin' pissy about it ain't gonna change a thing."

The stalemate held for a moment, until David inclined his head minutely and stepped forward. "Do you have a map to this workshop of yours?"

***

When they ventured back out onto the streets, the sound of the gate shutting behind them was very loud and very final, and Squall couldn't quite help the way he stiffened and glanced back over his shoulder. A few of the others visibly flinched, nerves twanging at the sound. They spread out warily, all eyes trained outwards, although the mob of infected seemed to have vanished as completely as Cid had said it would.

"Maybe we'll get lucky and they'll all be somewhere else?" Rush whispered.

"Unlikely," David murmured back, dryly. And as if to prove the point, there was a scrape from a side street and a flicker of motion that had them all immediately on guard, falling in to a defensive formation. By unspoken consensus they moved a little faster, arrowing forward on the path laid out by Cid's map, struggling against the sense of a trap closing around them.

They were no more than a few blocks away from their goal when they rounded a corner to find a solid mass of bodies blocking the way ahead. As one, the infected turned towards them, faces blank and joints held all wrong. As one, they stepped forward, then again, lurching into a run that had them crashing into Squall's blocking swing with enough force to push him back several feet.

"Shit!" someone shouted-- Squall wasn't sure who, and wasn't sure it mattered since they were probably all thinking it but just couldn't spare the breath to say it out loud. He pushed forward viciously, feeling the edge of his gunblade bite flesh, shoved again and got just enough space to pull back and fire a round into the nearest front.

Seifer dodged forward into the hole that that created, swinging in a wide, unstoppable arc and cutting down at least a dozen more before the press of bodies became too much again. They fell back shoulder to shoulder, then, holding the line and waiting for another chance.

They kept inching forward like that-- the lot of them formed up into a wedge, taking advantage of openings as they presented themselves-- and it went on long enough that Squall was momentarily surprised when they finally hit up against the wall of the building they'd been aiming for. Squall stayed outside with most of the others, braced there while a few broke off and went inside to actually get what they'd come for.

For all that the infected really did seem lacking in the intelligence department, they still appeared to know that something was up at that. As soon as the advance party forced the door and vanished inside, the press of bodies redoubled as the infected attempted to go after them.

Squall winced as something in him twinged, and he turned to find Seifer five paces away and still moving. Squall stepped in and cut down the staggering shape trying to wedge its way between them-- growled and went after the next two as well, pulled along as instinct made him hyperaware of exactly how far away from him Seifer was at that moment. "Formation," he snapped when he could spare the breath.

"Yeah, yeah," Seifer growled in reply. He started stepping back towards the main group, one inched heel at a time.

Not fast enough, though-- Squall growled again and started forward himself, not really wanting to leave the line but unable to stop himself. He grunted as he was jostled from behind-- grunted again as his heel hit something unsteady and nearly went out from under him. It was stupid, it was random, and it was just what it took to make him stumble long enough for one of the infected creatures to get inside his guard and rake crooked fingers across his stomach. It burned, like the thing had talons instead of fingers, and Squall heard himself give a hurt little sound despite himself.

From not too far away, he heard Seifer let out a wild howl, rage and challenge and something like panic all rolled up into one. The infected's head literally exploded even as Squall watched, caved in and scattered by the force of a gunblade's impact. "Fuckin' idiot," Seifer was bellowing, "too stupid to watch your fucking back, what are you, a rookie?" Except that he was still pushing the wave back while Squall got his feet back under him and tried to unfold his body from the instinctive curl it had taken. He touched his stomach and had his hand come away wet; his shoulders wanted to stay hunched against the burn.

He still squared himself and lunged to take out the infected just lifting a hand as if to hamstring Seifer from behind. "I could say the same," he rasped. He tried to go for another only to find Seifer in the way. "Get out of my way, I don't need your help."

"Stop being such a stubborn asshole," Seifer gritted back, but he did move aside, just enough that Squall could come up by his shoulder.

It all blurred from there. Squall was distantly aware when the others returned carrying something ridiculously small wrapped up in a scrap of tarp, because that was when they left the dubious shelter of the wall and started to work back towards the compound. They ran when they could and fought when they had to-- which was more and more often, because it seemed like every infected in the entire city had been mustered to bear down on them. And maybe it was exhaustion or the wound wearing him down, but Squall got hit a few more times before Cid's fortified walls came into view. The infected always went for the guts, like some animal instinct, creating little stars of pain that prickled at him each time he moved. Though honestly, he wasn't sure all of them were his; one side of Seifer's face was washed red when Squall happened to catch glimpse of it, and there was a certain feral desperation to Seifer's eyes.

Cid's voice shouted something at them-- and then from overhead came a roaring rush and a high-powered stream of sand, speckling them with grit as it ate into the line of massed bodies behind them. They staggered to a halt as heavy metal doors clanged shut behind them, methodically cutting down the few infected that had managed to follow them in.

The hum of the shields coming up, muted through the walls but still audible, was one of the sweetest sounds Squall had ever heard.

And it seemed to be the cue for his remaining strength to drain out of him, making his knees buckle. He heard Seifer curse even as arms caught at him, keeping him from hitting the ground with too much force.

Squall finally looked down at himself and couldn't help but shudder at the sheer extent of red staining his clothing, at how little was left of his shirt-- his enhanced healing at least meant he wasn't bleeding anymore, at least not on the surface, but he certainly had been for quite some time.

"They're not backin' off this time," was Cid's grim greeting when they cycled out of decontamination. "At this rate, I don't know how long the barrier's gonna hold."

"How long will it take to get the rocket ready?" David asked, handing over the part.

"Not long," Cid answered, determined, though he cast an uneasy look at the gate, beyond which could be heard a muted kind of rumble, and at the shield generator which was starting to give a faint mechanical whine. "Everything should be set, just gotta wire this in. Everyone else is already aboard," he added, and Jade flashed a thin smile.

"Ready for anything, I see. Then I suggest we join them."

Seifer grumbled at him as they made their way towards the ship, a constant low stream of curses and insults that Squall let wash over and past him. The ladders were agony, pulling at all the damaged muscles in his midsection, but Seifer's hand was on his back to steady him. It was somehow different-- something between them had changed again, only he didn't have the energy to figure out what.

He stumbled at the top of the last ladder. Seifer caught his arm, and Squall let him.

***

Cloud had known, in an abstract sort of way, how they would have to travel if they went by starship. He'd never been a rocket enthusiast, not like a couple of the guys in his squad, but he had followed the developments in a distantly curious sort of way. The presence of the portals meant that there had never been much of a need for space travel and its unfortunate side effects-- namely, how a person would die of old age in the course of the trip unless they went superlight, and going that fast did strange things to people's heads. Rocket travel had mostly been an issue for large-item shipments, things that didn't fit easily through portals or were deemed too dangerous, and for those who were obsessed with seeing the stars.

In the abstract, therefore, he'd known that he would have to be put into stasis once they were on board, since that was the only viable way for a person to journey between worlds without a portal. It would still probably take years to get where they were going, and that was if Cid's jury-rigged rocket didn't break down in the process. But Cloud supposed that a little more lost time wouldn't make much difference for him, all things considered. In the abstract, the idea didn't bother him any more than anything else.

He hadn't imagined the actual stasis modules, though. When he topped the ladder and moved into the corridor beyond and saw the narrow doors leading to the low, padded rooms, it was only the body behind his that stopped him from stumbling right back out the door.

"No," he heard someone say, just a breath at first but escalating. "No, no, no--"

When the voice broke in his own tight throat, he realized that it was him.

People jumped forward to catch him as he jerked backwards, but there was only so much room in the corridor. He ran into someone, heard Squall grunt at the impact and Seifer growl warningly a second later. The smell of blood was everywhere.

"We do not have time for this," Jade's voice snapped. "Someone grab his arms."

No. Not again.

The sharp slide of needles, burning cold as whatever it was spread through him, and he thrashed, trying and failing to dislodge the tubes. Heavy grips on his shoulders-- not even hands, not anything so human, just cold metal-- holding him down until his strength and will left him. 

Please--

It was Vincent who finally got a firm enough hold on Cloud to immobilize him-- Vincent, who looked enough like Zack to draw him out of his sleep but never close enough to matter. He could almost hate the man for that, a little.

Vincent started shoving Cloud towards a waiting hatch, using his height advantage to keep Cloud off balance. Vincent shook him firmly when Cloud managed to brace a foot outside the door and push back, and Cloud twisted his neck around to look at him. His eyes were burning, watering a little; he saw that black hair and something in him twisted. "Don't," he whispered.

"Think of it," Vincent murmured, "as if you are simply going to sleep."

Can't. Can't do that, Zack didn't want--

Cloud's eyes fixed on the little doorway that they wanted him to go into. It only bore a superficial resemblance to the ones they'd been held in, it was padded like a couch inside and obviously intended to be comfortable. There was no gleaming metal, no wires, no bitter stench of mako.

It didn't matter.

Someone else grabbed his legs, a third helped Vincent pin his upper body, and together they got him inside the narrow space. Cloud gasped in short little pants, not able to get enough breath, not enough air and any minute there would be none at all-- his fingers went white as he twisted to press them against the plastiglass in the door, trying to keep it from closing even though he knew it had to. He saw Vincent's fingers moving on the controls outside and then there was a flash and then--

Shh, Cloud. Hang on, all right? Just hang on, we'll get out of this yet.

Nothing at all.