Kelly's Private Party Invitation
bySashamy©

Saturday afternoon finally arrived and Kelly hadn't even though about Alex again as her mind was on Kari, what kind of dress she was bringing her and how much she might be able to show off to the at least one hundred drunk and horny guys at this party. 

Gary was at the office trying to finish up a few last minute items for a presentation on Monday. 

Kelly was in the tub finishing up shaving everything that needed be shaved, she was gently touching her now sensitive clit, she had gotten herself off several times already thinking about what was in store, as she was making sure she had gotten every strand of hair on her most personal place. 

When the phone rang, it causing her to jump, splashing water over the edges of the tub. She reached over and answered the phone on the table next to the bath. It was Alex, "are you alone?" 

As Kelly struggles to slow her breathing... "Yes, I'm taking a bath" answered Kelly. We need you tonight for an outing we have planned. Kelly told Alex that she had plans with her husband tonight. Alex was almost demanding that she change her plans, when Kelly told him that he needed to let her know a little ahead of time next time. 

He said "ok, next Friday night we will be expecting you, and don't bother to wear anything you don't want!" And he hung up before Kelly could say anything. Her mind was again racing as she tried to imagine what he had planned for her. Thinking back to her night at the Rave Party where several hundred people saw more of her that anyone had ever had in her entire life. Her fingers returned to her clit as she was about to release another orgasm. It didn't take long and her body shimmered as her body teased yet again this afternoon.

Stepping out of her bath there was a knock on the door followed by the door bell ringing several times, breaking her train of thought as she was admiring her big boobs in the mirror. She wrapped herself in a regular size towel as she ran to the door. When she looked through the spy glass there was Kari with what looked like a clothes bag in her hand. 

Kelly opened the door to let her in, "I was in the neighborhood and figured I would drop off a few dresses for you to try on for tonight." 

"My God you look flushed, did I miss something," Kari asked. 

"No, I was just in the bath, getting ready to tonight."

"Good, I have some dresses for you to try on, come on into the living room and take off that towel." Kelly went to close the blinds and Kari stopped her, tossing the bag on the sofa, hey baby if we are going to turn you into a slut, it is all or nothing. Kari pulled the towel from Kelly's body allowing her firm "D" breasts to be exposed as well as her smooth legs and pussy. 

Kari just stared at Kelly's body, "are we trying on dresses?" asked Kelly. 

"I'm sorry, it's just, well, my God why have you been hiding that body?" Kari asked. Kelly blushed again and picked up the bag with the dresses. The first was a little; I mean little very short black number with a deep V neck halter type thing with a collar that was kept closed with velcro behind her neck to keep it up over her boobs. 

The next one was a red dress had a plunging center to well below her belly button with thin straps that tied behind her neck but longer than the black one, because it plunged so far down.

The third one, Kelly picked up, "there is no back to this one", and just a very loose knitted skirt at the bottom, the front was two inch panels of the same knitted material that also tied behind her neck.

Kelly slipped on the black dress, as Kari stared once again, the black material now fitting like a glove became sheer, and her breasts strained to stay in the dress, the "V" stopped a few inches above Kelly's belly button. Exposing ample cleavage, "walk for me", said Kari. 

Kelly walked to the kitchen and back again, "Oh My" slipped from Kari's lips, the dress was showing her smooth lips from under the dress and she was just walking across the room. I think this is it, but try on the red dress. Kelly stripped off the dress and pulled on the red one, it was open completely down the center to well below her belly button with thin straps that tied behind her neck that had to be tied snug because she was so vertically challenged, if not her pussy would be showing from the center of the deep plunge. It was longer than the black one, because it plunged so far down. 

Oh no said Kari definitely not for tonight. "Take it off," Kari instructed. "Here this one," Kari handed her the small cream colored lace one. Kelly, stepped into it and tied the thin strings behind her neck. She looked back, her ass was completely on display, and the front panels of the dress struggled to keep her nipples covered, not even containing her boobs, the loose knit had her totally on display. 

"Yeah that's for a different event too; I just wanted to see what it looked like on you, Bob loves this one on me, but it is for very special parties." As soon as Kelly had pulled the dress off, Kari took it from her and stuffed it back in the bag, leaving the first dress she tried on. I have to go, we will see you in a few hours and left out the front door leaving it wide open as cars passed and neighbors worked in the yard across the street. Kelly walked to the door and slowly closed it looking to see if anyone had noticed her.

Later that's evening Gary was just finishing getting ready as Kelly emerged from the bath room in the black dress Kari had dropped off earlier in the day. Gary stopped dead in mid-sentence, looking at his almost naked wife in a sheer dress and her tits about to burst from the deep "V" running almost to her navel. 

He tried to ask, "what are you wearing with that dress?" 

"These black heels I think will be very sexy with it, what do you think?" asked Kelly. 

"No, I mean like under it I can see your nipples through that material and if you twist a little I'm sure one of them will slip out that dress and I can see you, your, you are clean down there!" stammered Gary. 

"This is a private party and this is what Kari brought me to wear and I have nothing else, so you better hurry and quit gawking, Kari and Bob will be here any minute." She told him.

Kelly headed down stairs to wait for Gary to finish getting ready, and for Kari and Bob to arrive. Kelly went to the frig and pulled out a bottle of Zinfandel and poured herself a full glass of wine to calm her shaking hands and legs. 

She had never been so bold and outspoken toward Gary concerning what she was going to do. As she strolled into the living room she caught her reflection in the full length mirror in the hall. Oh my, no wonder Kari was staring. Her small frame, topped off by her very large breasts, in this dress were incredible, almost indecent! As she was turning about looking at herself, she felt a bit of warm excitement come over her body. She was looking at her round ass when she heard a vehicle pull up in the drive way. 

Kelly yelled for Gary to hurry up, as there was a knock on the door. Kelly downed the last bit of wine and answered the door to find Kari standing there in a yellow knitted dress that was laced up the front starting above her belly button, barely containing her ample breasts; the back plunged down the back almost to her ass crack. It was very apparent that was all she had on as well. Her dark nipples were actually poking thru the loose knitted material. 

"Come on you guys," yelled Kari, "we got to get going." Gary came down the stairs; he didn't know which one of the near naked ladies to stare at. 

The girls headed out the door and that was when Kelly saw the open jeep sitting in the drive way. This is going to be fun, Kelly thought to herself, as Bob watched Kelly's chest jiggling wanting to burst from the dress. Bob slid the back seat forward to allow Kelly access to the back seat. Kelly stepped up on the step, flashing her bare lips to Bob then reached for the handed pulling herself into the jeep, as she leaned down to duck under the roll bar both tits spilled from the dress almost into Bob's face. 

As she grabbed them to try and cover up, Kari and Gary were given a close up look at her smooth puffy shaven lips and ass on display. Kelly quickly just spun and dropped into the back seat behind Bob, trying to cover her chest hoping the neighbors hadn't seen her. In the sitting position there was nothing Kelly could do to keep her tits covered. The relaxed material did nothing to hide her large tits spilling out the low front. 

Kari told Gary he can sit up front and she climbed into the back seat, giving him a view of her shaven pussy lips and ass as well. Gary climb in and sat next to Bob who said, "This is going to be a fun and interesting night, what do you think," as he started the jeep and shifted into reverse to back out of the drive way.

The ride to the party was for the most part uneventful except that the girls hair blew in the breeze, Kelly kept trying to cover her bare chest on display to the delight of several observant motorist and Bob who had repositioned the rearview mirror to look at Kelly's prefect tits.

As they approached the estate and were driving up the, what must have been three mile driveway, the attendants for the valet parking caught sight of Kelly, as did everyone else standing near the front doors. Kelly attempted to show a little modesty and cover her breasts with little success. When they stopped in front of the huge house, if you could even call it that, looked more like a small castle, the three valets were there to help the ladies from the back seat. 

Kelly did her best to cover her tits and tug her short dress down in front of the college boys, but as she used one hand to balanced herself on the roll bar, and step over the front seat, and the other to extend to the young man, her dress slid up her hips and both tits spilled completely out in view of the small crowd of other couples just arriving. The guy helping Kari out also got a view of Kelly's bare ass. 

The guy that was helping Kelly, got to see up Kari's short dress as well. They thanked the boys for their assistance and they replied, "No, Thank You!" Kelly straightened up her dress and replaced everything where it belonged. The other ladies watching were dressed in sexy cocktail dresses as well, some a bit daring and one was almost as... slutty as their dress, but not quite. 

She had long curly red hair that draped over her shoulders was wearing a tight black dress that laced up the sides with bows at the bottom, it was showing off a bit of side boobage due to the wide spread up the sides, and barely covered her ass cheeks. Though she was only a small "B" chest her body was impressive.

Once inside there were several waitresses in a very short black skirt like the ones strippers wear that show off their asses, they were wearing panties but most of her asses was on display. They all wore thigh highs hit a little higher than mid-thigh and came nowhere near her skirt. Their tops consisted of lace tops with a black push up bra underneath, one near the front door held a tray of drinks to give to the new arrivals. The girl accepted their first drinks of the night. 

They all began to make small talk with the several friends Kari and Bob knew, most of the men talking to Kelly's and Kari's tits. Kelly was doing a good job of walking slowly, no bending over or twisting and remaining in her dress, only tugging when she would feel the bottom of her cheeks being exposed. 

After about an hour, Kelly asked for the ladies room and Kari lead the way down a hall. As they entered a rather large room on the left they were greeted by a male attendant, he directed them to one of the many stalls in the large restroom obviously built with big parties in mind. There was a room with at least eight personal stalls and at least as many sinks with perfume and makeup for the ladies and cologne for the men, yes it was a unisex rest room. 

After they finished their business they headed back out to the main room, but their husbands where no longer there. They went to the bar and got glasses of wine to sip on while they looked for their husbands. As Kelly reached for her wine glass her right tit slipped from her dress giving the bartender a nice tip for his troubles, "hurry back." he told them, and Kelly returned her tit to her dress as they turned to mingle some more. 

As they moved among the mostly male crowd, pulling down their skirts every so often as they rode up as they walked, several groups of men stopped them to talk, ogle their tits and order them fresh drinks. The wine was very good and the two girls were drinking more than their share. 

Kelly was beginning to become very giggly as they continued to be the center of attention in the main room. To the point she was beginning to not notice her nipples being exposed to the men, talking to her tits as she was crossing and uncrossing her arms as she talked, her dress bunched up on one side to the point if she took a step it might pop to her waist. Kari noticing Kelly's lack of modestly growing, used her hand to smooth on Kelly's hiding dress hem, and told Kelly she needed to see the gardens from the upstairs. 

Kari took her hand and led her up a set of the stairs against a wall of the large main room. With a wine glass in one hand and Kari pulling her up the stairs the men below watched as both ladies asses came into view as they ascended the stairs. With every step the dresses got shorter and shorter until plenty of their cheeks were in view of everyone looking up. Kari noticed and gave hers a little tug down and Kelly was to the point she no longer cared. As Kelly's dress bunched up on her hips with every step up the stairs, it allowed her tits to become more exposed from the relaxed material not wanting to conform to her body any longer. 

When they reached the top of the stairs, Kelly did cover her ass back up and they headed to the back windows that over looked the property out back. Kelly saw where the loud music was coming from, there was a DJ and a large dance floor had been set up at the base of the steps near the pool with a couple bars scattered around. The gardens beyond the pool and hot tub, was never ending and looked as if they went on for a half mile. To the left was a large barn and stable area. 

Kelly finally noticed her reflection in the window, her tit totally exposed and her dress showing her smooth lips, "why didn't you tell me I was showing everything off," as Kelly moved the dress back into place covering up her exposed body. Here I am running around naked for the most part and you are still covered up. 

"Untie me then" Kari told her. 

"What" said Kelly 

"Untie my lace, that way I might show a bit more too" instructed Kari. Kelly just looked at her not sure what to do. Kari then reached up herself and pulled the lace tied in a bow. As she did the dress began to relax and move apart releasing the stored energy of her compressed tits in the knit dress. Her dark nipples moving closer and closer to the edge of the yellow material. 

The more Kari breathed the more her dresses top move aside until the edge of her dark chocolate areola were just visible. "Happy now?" asked Kari. 

A voice from behind Kelly answer, "Oh yes that is just about perfect". 

"Oh my god, Kelly, this is David Cooper he is our host tonight." 

"And you ladies seem to have the most..... Attention in the house". He told them. Kelly and Kari just giggled. "Kelly it is very nice to meet you and see you, and I have seen plenty of you already. I need to run and tend to some business, I hope to see even more of you ladies tonight" and he moved on down a hall and disappeared. 

"I say we cause a few more distractions and head down stairs to look for the guys. I know you are enjoying the attention, your nipples have been hard since we got here" said Kari. 

"I am", she admitted, "I love it when men are trying to talk to us and they are really looking at my body, and thank you for this dress and the encouragement." Gary is now paying more attention to me than he ever has. As they descended the stairs, several men noticed them coming down and the girls could see them nudging the guys next to them as heads turned to watch them. Kelly could again felt the hem of her dress rising and her tits moving more into view, she fought the urge to let it keep going, but she resisted and pulled it back down even though the people below them had gotten a good look at her exposed bare glistening lips. 

Kari's dress had also opened up more in the center, exposing more of her nipples, to the point one of her straps was starting to fall off her shoulder. As they reached the landing a man standing near them took two glasses of wine from a passing waiter and hand them to the girls replacing their empty glasses. 

"Hi, I'm Carlos I was out front when you ladies arrived, very impressive I must say." 

"Well thank you" Kari spoke up, his eyes glued to her almost completely exposed dark nipples, 

"Weren't you with the lady in the little black dress"? 

"Oh yeah, that is Sheila my wife, she went to the ladies room, she is just a big tease, I was hoping to get her to show off a bit more as you ladies are doing," watching Kari drink her wine, her right nipple complete exposed now along with most of the left." 

"Here she comes now," coming across the room turning heads as she made her way toward them. When Sheila got to them Carlos struggled through introduction and handed her a glass of wine. 

She said, in a bit of a slur "don't you think I have had too many in such a short time." 

"Oh no drink up," he told her, as she turned the glass up. 

"My word it is getting hot in here, Excuse us," Carlos said, as he led his wife over to a group of men, her ass cheeks peeking a bit from the bottom of her dress. 

They laughed at how drunk the little red head was, "I think we should help him out tonight," Kari told Kelly. 

Kelly looked confused, "You know I like to strip other ladies", she grinned. The girls mingled looking for their husbands, Kari's dress moving farther and farther apart revealing more of her boobs, the only thing keeping her dress in place was the lace that had not become loose yet. Kelly doing a better job of keeping herself covered for now. Kari saw one of her husband's female friends across the room, watching both of them. Kari knew she preferred the ladies and decided to give her a treat as Kelly's back was too her. 

Kari reached up and released an ear ring, letting it drop to the floor. "Oh My, be a dear and get that for me" Kari asked her. Kelly thought nothing of it and bent over, flashing Brenda and a number of others her puffy lips and rose bud. 

When she stood back up her dress was again almost to her hips. Kelly reached to fix it and Kari told her, "leave it be." 

"What?" Kelly asked. 

"I am teasing a friend, just play along." Kari told her. 

Kelly giggled, "I love to tease, especially when I'm showing off!" Kari reached to Kelly's hip, and starts to work her dress higher, moving it to her waist. Carlos comes over next to them, as Kelly starts to reach down. 

Carlos takes her hand, "no need my sweat, you can take it off if you desire." 

Kelly giggled, "as a matter of fact, if you don't mind," he motions to a friend. The guy realizes Kelly's dress is around her waist; Carlos pulls a camera from his pocket. 

"Would you mind," he hands the camera to the guy. Kari moves in front of Kelly and slides the straps off her shoulders and pushed the dress down her thighs, leaving her naked. Carlos puts his arm around her waist as the guy snaps pictures. Kari is laughing afterwards helping her back into her dress. Carlos thanks them and moves on. 

Kari tells her, "Your body is so Fuckin Hot, it's a shame to keep it covered up." 

They both laugh, "nights not over yet," Kelly tells her. 


The girls still looking for their husbands find Carlos and his drunken wife just outside the double doors leading to the pool and gardens. Kari asked Sheila if she liked to dance because they are headed out to the pool area to dance, "come join us." Before she could answer the two of them had her hands leading her towards the music heading down the short set of steps to a dance area where about twenty five people, mostly woman, were dancing to loud dance music. 

They moved onto the dance floor and as they started to dance it was impossible for Kari and Kelly to remain in their dresses. It didn't take long before several men, couples and girls had moved closer to watch them. As soon as Kelly started moving her dress began to move up allowing her breast to jump from her dress. Sheila could not keep her eyes off of Kelly's tits as they moved about. Carlos caught up with them and moved in front of Sheila and began to dirty dance with her. Kari joined them; as two guys started dancing with Kelly to get a closer look. Sheila was sandwiched between Kari and her husband, Kari took advantage of rubbing her body against Sheila's back as she began pulling the tied strings holding her dress in place on the side of her dress. 

As soon as she pulled the bow, it sprang apart unlacing part the way up her side, exposing more of her thigh and hip. She then repeated the pulling on the other side with a similar result. It didn't take her long before she rubbed, and tugged on the dress and Sheila, untying the lace up both side, leaving her in what looked like a thin tunic. Kari noticed her husband and Gary watching Kelly and her dancing with her tits on display and the guy rubbing her asses as they danced. Kari told Carlos she will catch up with them in a little while to finish what she had started. She left them dancing with each other and Carlos had his hands running up and down Sheila's exposed sides, more of her side boob showing and she didn't seem to notice the change Kari had made to her dress. 

Kari moved across the dance floor toward Kelly and took her by the hand and said we need to take a break and get a drink. Kelly attempted to make an effort to cover her body, but Kari could tell she didn't really want too, she had defiantly become a slut. As they reach their husbands Gary reach down to adjust Kelly's dress for her, which caused most of her tits to become covered. Kari's dress allowed only one nipple to become totally exposed at a time and most of the other, she made no effort to cover herself. 

"You guys see that redheaded lady in the black dress; keep an eye on her I am going to strip her before the night is over with!" The guy's just looked at her in disbelief that she would make such a statement. 

Kelly just giggle and asked her if she planned to do the same to her again and Kari told her, "No, I think you are doing just fine without me," to which Gary agreed. Kelly wrapped her arms around his neck kissing him, her tongue dancing in his mouth. 

She whispered to him, "pull my dress up and rub my ass you horny bastard, show off your slutty wife". Gray was unsure what to do, he was in shock but he lowered his hands to her dress, already finding half her ass already on display and began lifting it. 

"Ummmm" she moaned, "keep going" she told him between kisses. He stopped when it was to the small of her back. 

"You like that," she whimpered. All he could do was shake his head yes and he looked around at people taking in his wife's bare ass pointed toward the dance floor. 

"Grab the shoulder straps" she whispered, "Pull my arms free." He did as he was told until her entire dress was bunch at her waist. She grabbed his hands and turned around placing them over her bare boobs. Gray was in heaven feeling up his wife's bare boobs in front of all these people. Kari come over and started kissing Kelly, but tugged her dress back down over her hips, "we got to finish something, come on."

Taking her hand leaving her boobs on display. Gary following watching his wife's heavy boobs swaying from the sides, her dress now a skirt at her hips. They all headed to one of the bars for more drinks, the poor bartender keeping his eyes on Kelly beautiful bare breasts. While waiting for their drinks; Kari sees Carlos and Sheila coming toward them. Carlos was smiling and Sheila appeared to be a little wobbly, the flaps of her now tunic moving about exposing her bare pussy and ass. Kari turned the bartender and asked for three shots of tequila quick. As he stared at Kelly's tits, he worked at her request. Sheila said, she was even hotter now and needed something to drink, just as the bartender handed her three cups. 

She handed one to Kelly, one to Sheila and said cheers touching her glass to the other girls and they shot the drinks down. Kelly's nipples got harder if that's even possible Sheila squirmed a bit, what the hell was that, my god it was nasty. Courage my new friend, just courage... The guys all smiled, knowing what Kari was up too. 

They could all tell the tequila was kicking in and Sheila started to lean more on Carlos. "Come on girls," Kelly said, "let's go put on a show." Kelly and Kari both grabbed one of Sheila's hands and pulled her to the dance floor as both of Kelly's tits swayed about bare for all to see. 

"My god you guys are so lucky to have ladies like that, I wish my wife was more of a show off than a tease." 

"Well just watch, you are about to get your wish," Bob told him. As the three girls started dancing it was apparent that Sheila was drunk, and Kari was about to take advantage of her situation. After they had been dancing for a few minutes Kari reached up and pulled the strings on both side of Sheila's dress, working to completely unlacing it. The dress didn't respond much as Kari had already released the lace earlier. As they continued to dance Kari worked on the lace pulling the string through one eyelet at a time. 

The more she undid the more the dress relaxed until it was exposing Sheila's little boobs in and out the panels. After about two songs all of eyelets were stringless and Sheila's breasts were almost exposed. Kari looked over at Carlos who had moved closer to the dance floor along with Gary and Bob, he was smiling and had a hand in his pocket obviously touching himself. She made eye contact with him and he nodded his head yes. Kari said to Kelly "it is show time baby."

Kari started pulling at the back panel up her back, then over her head, she started to raise her arms to stop her but it was too late. A crowd had gathered to watch all three of the girls. The crowd had grown even larger as they jockeyed to get a better look at the girls on the dance floor. 

Kelly noticing the crowd growing, moved Sheila and Kari toward the steps. Next to the dance floor and up the steps was a little wall, that also served as a place to sit, and planter separating the two sets of steps. Kari, noticing what Kelly was up too, helped Sheila up the steps, then onto the wall. All three girls continued to dance on the wall. Kelly turned and shook her ass at the crowd as they cheered them on. With Sheila between the two girls, Carlos as smiling, having picked up the dress and lace from the dance floor. Sheila continued to dance for the crowd in just her black thigh highs. Kari standing behind her began to rub Sheila's breasts. Kelly seeing this began to get even more excited herself and moved in front of Sheila. 

Kelly then did something that completely floored her husband, she began kissing Sheila's neck, then her lips and Sheila returned her kisses. Kelly then dropped her hand down and into Sheila's pussy. She easily spread her lips and inserted a finger deep into the causing her knees to buckle from an instant orgasm. Kelly could feel her juices flooding her hand. Kari eased Sheila down onto the wall, allowing her legs to drop down onto the dance floor. Kari then stepped down onto the dance floor, flashing everyone her bare moist lips, as Carlos came toward the girls to help his wife. 

As Carlos started to speak, Kari put up a finger to his lips, as to say hold it, and said "is that what you wanted?" Carlos didn't say a word as he stared at his naked wife completely on display moaning in pleasure as she was massaging her own breasts, and moving a finger over her exposed clit. 

Hearing cheers again Kari and Carlos looked up to see Kelly still dancing for the crowd, her bare tits swaying and bouncing. Even Kari was a bit surprised to see what Kelly was now doing. Kelly had turned around and had spread her legs, bending at the waist causing Gary's jaw to drop as he saw what everyone else was seeing again. Her bare bottom and her puffy lips were completely on display, even more than Sheila was, cheers went up responding to her brazen display. 

Responding to the intoxicating cheers she hiked her dress up completely above her waist, and bent over reaching between her legs, placing a finger on her ass hole and slowly slid it forward and into the pussy causing her lips to spread. Bending over even farther, she was now looking between her legs at the crowd; she moved her hand to the front to get better access and plunged three fingers deep into her dripping pussy. 

Carlos still standing next to his wife was looking directly between her spread lips and at her asshole. Kelly, not caring at this point reached between her legs and grabbed Carlos by his shirt and pulled his face into her waiting cunt. Carlos immediately buried his tongue deep into her clit, sucking on her lips. This lasted about two minutes until Kelly came hard, screaming in pleasure. Kelly then fell backwards into the hands of several men watching her being eaten. Gray finally got through the crowd and to his wife. He helped her over to where Bob was waiting with Kari. Kelly still breathing heavy told them it was time for a swim.

Gray held her up as she recovered and then head toward the pool. Still in the crowd of onlookers she pulled the dress over her head and dropped it on the dance floor continuing on to the pool, she kicked off her heels and started to step into the cool water. Two young guys standing near the steps watched on in amazement. She placed her hand around his neck and bent over and whispered into him ear as her other hand rubbed his obvious hard cock. He quickly began stripping off his clothes and followed her into the pool, his friend following close behind him.

As soon as they were in the waist deep water both men began to fondle and probe Kelly's body. Gray could only watch as these two naked guys were about to use his wife. She too had her hands full stroking a cock with each hand. She push the first young man back against the wall causing the water to reveal his dick, Kelly immediately wrapped her lips around his large member. The crowd around the pool was again cheering them on. Gary looked on not believing this was really his wife. In a matter of minute cum shot onto Kelly face with some of it landing in the water next to her. 

She immediately went down on the second guy shoving his cock down her throat as far as it would go. He just rolled his eyes to the back of his head as Kelly continued to deep throat him. By now three other guys had also entered the pool and were ascending on Kelly. Kelly looked up to see Kari watching her, as the second guy filled her throat with warm cum. She did her best to swallow as much as she could as some of it dribbled from the corners of her mouth. 

She then extended her hand to Kari's and pulled her into the pool with her. She grabbed the hem of Kari's dress pulling it over her head and then began kissing her deeply, sharing the cum she had just received. They were now being surrounded by naked guys and a few nude girls as well. It had turned into an orgy in the pool as the two girls continued to pleasure each other as several guys fingered them and massaged their breasts. 

Kelly just happened to look up and saw Carlos, Gary and Bob, all naked, taking turns with Sheila's body. Bob and Carlos were taking turns fucking her mouth and grouping her tits, as Gary was slamming her cunt with her on her back and her legs in the air. 

As Kelly watched her husband fucking Sheila she felt the urge to have a dick buried into her pussy as the fingers of the countless guys were just teasing her. She turned to a large black guy and told him "I needed a dick in my pussy," with that he pushed her up against the wall grabbed her legs and in one swift motion shoved his hard rod deep into the pussy. 

Kari no longer having Kelly in front of her was overwhelmed by the seven or eight guys all wanting a piece of her. They had her on her back in the water and were starting to fuck her one after another. Kelly's man was not letting up. She had already cum twice and was about to release another wave of pleasure. Kari was then carried from the pool by the group of men and placed on to one of the lounges near the pool and where they continued the assault on her body. As soon as one guy would finish in her mouth or pussy another one would take his place. Kelly was going wild approaching her fifth orgasm. She was flipped over and the large member slipped into her tight ass. Causing her to climb the side of the pool as he gently entered her ass. In a matter of minutes she was again jamming her fingers into her pussy causing herself to shake as an earth shattering orgasm began to cause her body to quake and she felt light headed.

I was still dark when Kelly woke up, Gary was shaking her shoulder, calling her name. There were naked couples still there making love. Carlos was carrying his naked wife past her as she opened her eyes. Come on its time to go home, Gary told her. Kari was sitting on the wall near her making out with her husband Bob, who was somewhat dressed as was Gary. But Kari was still naked too. Gary help Kelly to her feet, as she started to take a step, the pain of the swollen and sore area between her legs hit her. She could hardly move her legs to walk toward the house. 

"My god the black guy work me over, I didn't even get his name," she said out loud. Him and about twenty other guys after him Gary told her. Kelly just looked at him waiting for a response either way. And you are okay with that Gary. Of course I am, I had my fun too. Gary then scooped her up into his arms and carried her petite naked body to the house, out the front door and waited for Bob and Kari to follow them. 

Gary told the guys retrieving cars for the guests to get the red jeep please. Neither one of them really wanted to go as they both took in Kelly's nakedness. Finally one of them left to get the jeep. He got is second treat as Karl and Bob appeared, as the boy drove up with the jeep. As the boy was getting out Kari walked up to him and said "sorry I don't have my purse, so I guess I'll have to tip you like this" she then reached up and pulled his face into her cleavage, rubbing his lips over her nipples. 

Stepping over to the other one allowing the young guys to suck on her nipples for a few seconds each. She then pushed him away and climbed into the jeep and Gary and Bob help Kelly into the back of the jeep. The boys just stood there, taking in the two beautiful naked women, both of with are old enough to be their moms. "Good night boys" Kari yelled out as they sped away. 

When they hit the interstate Kari was still in the mood and was standing up hanging on to the roll bar waving at the truckers and shaking her tits at them. When she ran out of trucker to tease, Kari turned to Kelly and began kissing her just as they had done in the pool. It didn't take long before the two girls were massaging each other's tits and fingering themselves or each other. Kelly them told Kari, "I want to taste your pussy." 

With that Kari stood up again, turned around and straddled Kelly's face and lowered her well used swollen pussy lips to Kelly's lips. Kelly went right to work sucking and licking her charms. Gary and Bob looked on, along with several passing cars and trucks. It didn't seem to take long and Kelly was back home with Gary and Bob now helping her from the jeep as Kari sat back recovering from yet another orgasm tonight.

