Amanda's Humiliation
by dazed 

Eighteen year old Amanda was cruising the county road with her mind on the song blaring from her radio, and the party she was heading too. The last thing she expected was to hear the blaring siren from the county Sheriff behind her.

"Shit!" she exclaimed as she steered her vehicle off the road and onto the narrow strip of gravel that separated the road from the woods. She watched nervously as the officer exited the vehicle and came forward. It was a woman, and Amanda was thinking that maybe she would go easy on her.

"Drivers License, Registration, and proof of insurance please," the officer spoke in a stern voice.

Amanda fumbled for the items and handed them over.

"Do you know why I pulled your over?" the officer asked

"Uhhh, not really," Amanda replied nervously.

"You were weaving back and forth across the double yellow line," The officer fired back while still looking at the items in her hand. "Have you been drinking?"

"Drinking? oh..no," Amanda exclaimed as she shook her head back and forth.

"Step out of the car please," The officer spoke again in a stern voice.

Amanda looked bewildered, but slowly exited the vehicle and stood facing the officer, while she performed a standard sobriety test on Amanda. She then watched the officer pick up her radio and speak into it.

"Need permission to conduct a field body search," The officer exclaimed.

Amanda was speechless as the approval was given. "Normally, I would take you in to conduct a standard strip search, but under the circumstances I am going to perform it right here," the officer barked.

"Strip search!! but, why?" Amanda bellowed, horrified at the thought of being stripped in broad daylight.

"Stand procedure Miss, now turn around, place your hands behind your back and leave them there," The officer instructed.

Amanda blushed crimson as the metal cuffs were locked on her wrists. The officer then forced Amanda to walk into the woods. A short distance from the road, there was a clearing with a large oak tree. The officer led Amanda to the tree, and then removed the handcuffs from her wrists.

"Cooperate and maybe you will be on your way. Give me a hard time and I will call for back up and your little ass will be sitting in jail. Now, strip. Everything, including your underwear!" the officer demanded.

"Please!" Amanda begged as she could see cars passing by through the woods. Someone will see me. Do I have to do this here?" Amanda sobbed.

"You can do it here, and be done with it, providing I find nothing on you, or I can take you in and formally process your arrest and do it there. Up to you sweetheart," The officer barked.

Amanda felt the lump in her throat as she sheepishly began undressing. She stepped out of her shoes and socks, then pulled the slip over top over her head. Nervously unbuckling her jeans, she slid them down her legs and stepped out of them. She bit her lip in shame as she unhooked the back of her bra and let it fall to the ground, freeing her C-cup tits to stick out naked and proud. She then slid the panties down her legs and stepped out of them. She was now standing buck naked in front of the officer, her face red with embarrassment as the officer began running her hands through her blonde hair, leaving it disheveled and unruly. She them ordered Amanda to open her mouth wide and inspected it.

"Put your arms up in the air!" the officer ordered as she visually inspected Amanda's underarms. She then ordered Amanda to raise her tits up while the officer glared at her. Amanda again blushed in shame as she grabbed her modest tits and rose them upwards.

"Turn around with your back to me. Squat, pull your butt cheeks apart and cough three times," The officer ordered.

Amanda was in tears as she squatted down, reached behind and parted her butt cheeks, then emitted the three coughs.

"Turn around and face me!" The officer barked.

Amanda rose back to her feet and sheepishly turned around.

"Now squat again. legs apart, spread your labia," the officer barked.

Amanda's lips were quivering as she spread her pussy lips for the woman to shine a light up in her and inspect her pink folds. To add to her humiliation, Amanda was made to pull back her clitoral hood as well.

"Now stand, turn around, put your hands against the tree and don't move!" the officer barked.

Amanda gasped as she felt the officers gloved finger penetrate her vagina and begin feeling around. She got the unsettling feeling that the officer was taking longer than she needed to. Her finger withdrew with a plopping sound, and the officer changed to a fresh glove. She then made Amanda stick out her ass again and she pressed her finger against the girl's puckered brown hole.

Amanda groaned uncomfortably as the finger probed her asshole for what seemed like an eternity. Then to her surprise, her arms were hoisted above her head and handcuffed to a limb above.

"What are you doing?" Amanda replied tearfully as she looked at her bound hands above her head.

She watched the female officer approach and reach out a cell phone. "Look familiar?" the officer growled as she showed Amanda a series of texts.

Amanda blushed again. There were texts she sent to a girl she hated, in fact, she was bullying her. Had been for some time.

"That is my daughter you have been texting. Imagine my surprise when I ran your license plate number when I was behind you. Under the new cyber bully laws, I could put that pretty little ass of yours in jail as you are 18 and she is 17. So here is what we are going to do. I am going to take a switch to that ass of yours and when I am done, you are going to thank me for keeping you out of jail by coming to my house and kiss my daughters bare ass in front of me and all her friends, while you beg her to forgive you!" The officer barked.

"Please no! You can't be serious. Please don't make do that. I will apologize, I promise, but please don't make do that, " Amanda begged.

"Well, there is always jail bitch. All she has to do is file a formal complaint and you will be on your way to the pokey with all the evidence I have," The officer threatened.

Amanda wept alligator tears as she realized the officer had her dead to rights. She sniffled and fought back the tears as she watched her cut a switch and use her knife to sharpen it. She then whirled Amanda around and began striking the bare ass of the whimpering girl repeatedly. When she was finished, Amanda's globes were angry red, and she was crying hysterically as she hung helplessly naked from the tree.

As the officer removed the cuffs, Amanda's arms fell limp to her side.

"You can dress now. Be at this address at 6PM tomorrow evening. If you fail to show, my daughter will file a formal complaint of cyber bullying and a warrant will be issued for your arrest."

Amanda wept in shame as she scooped up her clothes and put them back on. She followed the officer back to her car and the woman gave her one more reminder to be at her house the following evening.


EPILOGUE

Amanda sheepishly knocked on the door and the officer answered. "Come with me," she remarked as she led Amanda in to a room where her daughter and about two dozen of her friends, male and female, stood to witness her degradation.

"Jamie, I want you to take off your shorts and panties. Amana here wants to show you how sorry she is for bullying you," the woman spoke.

Amanda felt ill at her stomach as she watched the seventeen year old girl she had been bullying strip to where she was nude from the waist down, the stood with her butt facing Amanda. Jamie's ass was a tight, pear shaped butt with a small crack and bald pussy showing.

"Now, Amanda. I want you to strip completely naked, get on your hands and knees and crawl to my daughter's ass where you will tell her you are sorry then lick her asshole as proof of your penitence!" the woman snorted, while the room erupted in cat calls and laughter.

Amanda wept openly as she stripped and slowly lowered herself to the floor. The crawl across the floor was utter humiliation. As she approached Jamie, the girl stuck out her butt in Amanda's direction.

"Tell her you are sorry, then lick her pussy!" the officer ordered.

Tears of shame streamed down Amanda's face as she sobbed the words. "I am so sorry I bullied you. I will never do it again, I promise," Amanda spoke, then leaned forward. It was the most disgusting thing she had ever done, to put her tongue on another girl's pussy and then lick it as if she enjoyed it. She could hear the mocking laughter in the room, and knew she was being photographed in her humiliation.

The pungent smell of the girl's sex filled her nostrils as she was forced to lick the pussy over and over until she was told to stop.

"Now, apologize one more time, and lick her asshole!" the officer hissed to the sound of raucous laughter.

Fresh tears streamed down Amanda's face as she profusely apologized, then reluctantly placed her tongue against the girls pucker butt hole. a foul taste lay on her tongue as she licked it for what seemed forever, before she was told to get dressed and leave.

Amanda was devastated. She locked herself in her room and cried all night, thinking of the humiliation she endured, yet knowing it was better then going to jail.
 