The Apartments
by IBme1968

Standing on the snack bar in a sundress didn't go unnoticed.

I have known my husband all my life. We were farm kids and neighbors growing up. We were best friends and spent every minute we could together. We got married young and had our first daughter soon after.

Twenty-four years later we were still very much in love with each other, and sex is still our favorite pass time. My husband has always been the man of my dreams.

I never thought of myself as being sexy, but I have always loved sex! I am 5'5" tall, 120#. I am strawberry blonde with blue eyes. I have what might be described as typical redhead skin. It's usually fair but when I'm in the sun a lot, I get a golden tan. Of course, my freckles become a good part of that color. My areolas are pink and my nipples perky. I work hard to keep my body in shape.

I have never been the shy modest type and somehow, I seem to find ways to expose myself. Most of those times were unintentional but a few weren't! My husband never seemed to mind as a matter of fact he seemed to encourage it. He never got jealous.

My husband and I had an opportunity to purchase an apartment building in our hometown. Ok now before you start thinking we had won the lottery, let me explain. It was an older warehouse that had been converted into four apartments. They each were nice enough but far from a five-star resort.

Three of the apartments had two bedrooms. Apartment four had three bedrooms. They each had just one bathroom. They were all furnished complete with all the appliances.

We had barely closed the deal when the college approached us to rent to college kids. I was absolutely against the idea, but my husband saw it as a guarantee to keep them full.

My husband works out of state and is gone Monday through Friday. I have had thoughts that maybe he works out of state to escape his wife that has a seemingly endless need for sex! I am a nurse and work in the surgery department of the local hospital. Somehow it became my second job to manage the new business.

Almost immediately I rented apartment # 1 to a young female college student. She was in her mid-twenties. She was very responsible and was a great tenant. Oh, and she was cute and very friendly.

Apartment # 2 soon rented to two recent high school grads. They were recruited to play baseball for the college. They were white, arrogant jocks from Kentucky. Of course, they were sure every woman they met wanted to have sex with them. I wondered if they were even smart enough to do anything except play baseball. I do think they had the scratching and spitting down to a science. Practice makes perfect, I guess.

Number 3 soon was rented to a Vietnamese man and his American wife who was in the nursing program at the college.

One day I got a call from the school's basketball coach. "Hey Pam, I have some players that need a place to live. Would you be available to show the apartment this afternoon," he asked?

"I get off work at 4:00, I could meet them around 4:30," I answered.

I pulled up in front of the building and see two very tall young black men, one who looked short and two older black females, waiting on me. My first thought was, "Oh hell no!"

I know that sounded like I was being racist, but it was all about they wouldn't fit through the doors. After all I had rented to the white "jocks" and almost anything might be an upgrade.

It immediately became clear that the two ladies were Grandmothers, and they were in charge of these rather large boys. The three guys were longtime friends and the grandmothers had at least helped raise them. They were all 19 years old and ready to conquer the world.

One of the women introduced me to each of the young men. Mike was the tallest at 6'11". Next, I met Henry, who was 6'10" tall. Okay do you remember I said one was short? The grandma introduced me to Isaiah. It turned out he only looked short standing next to really tall friends. He was 6'4".

Just so you know I have never been into black men but there was something about Isaiah my mind found interesting. His skin was lighter than the others. He was very handsome, polite and almost seemed shy.

I was relieved to have last apartment was rented. Maybe that was the easy part. I doubt any of you will be surprised that most of my problems were from the baseball players in #2, but that's another story.

It was pretty much uneventful until the rent was due. No, it wasn't that I didn't get the rent; it was how I got the rent from Apartment #4. After work one day I got my mail and in it was an envelope that was barely sealed and stuffed full of cash! Even without opening it I could see actual green US currency in small bills. It wasn't like it needed to be delivered in a Brinks truck, but it was a few hundred dollars.

At that moment I had a surprising thought, "The USPS actually has honest trustworthy employees!" I don't know how it didn't burst open and empty cash across a couple states.

Thankfully it was Friday, and my husband would be home for the weekend soon. Like most Fridays I was desperately in need of sex! Four days without sex had left me very horny. I spent the evening anticipating a night of catch-up sex.

I showered, shaving my legs and trimming my thin red pubic hair. I sat my naked body on the step to our whirlpool tub and I painted my nails in my husband's favorite cherry red nail polish. I made sure I put my Tabu bath powder in all those intimate places I hoped he would be very close to soon. I couldn't help but to see my reflection in the mirrors that make up the walls around the tub.

I had a naughty impulse and picked up my cell phone. I held it in front of my face and after a few pictures of my image in the mirror I typed," Hey I know you're probably sleepy but look at how much steam is on the mirrors!!" Then I added the pictures and hit send.

It only took a few seconds and he replied," Damn, you gave me a hard attack! Now my truck windows are steamed up too."

I waited anxiously and timed it so that I was waiting in the garage as he pulled in. I don't know, maybe some of you husbands would have been disappointed after a hard week at work and a long drive home.

I had on one of his dress shirts that hit just below my butt. I left it completely unbuttoned with nothing underneath. It hung loosely over my body barely covering each breast. It gapped open exposing my red bush and legs to my toes.

I gave him a minute to hopefully appreciate the view. I walked to his truck and as his door opened, I stepped up on the running board and I let the shirt slide off my shoulders landing briefly around my feet before falling to the concrete.

As I leaned for a kiss as his hands started roaming my naked body. I pulled the lever reclining his seat at the same time I was trying to unfasten his jeans. He was very helpful getting his pants down around his boot tops. I climbed up in his truck straddling him as we kissed. I lowered my body as I guided his hard cock into my pink slit.

I don't know if I am the only one who feels this way, but after a few days without sex it feels kind of refreshed. My pussy seems tighter, wetter and his cock seems harder. I had to close my eyes, hold my breath and lean my forehead against his head as his thick 7 inches slid inside me.

Even with the steering wheel rubbing my hips it only took a few minutes for both of us to orgasm. After my orgasm subsided, I slowly lifted off him, untangling my body from the steering wheel and scooted off until I was standing on the running board again.

" I made a mess, I guess I should help clean it up," I said as I leaned letting my tongue tease the messy tip, then took his wilting cock in my mouth. Now that's not one of my favorite things to do but I know he loves it!

After a short break and a long hot shower together, we made love again. After another break for food, he took charge and made love to me in our bed again before we fell asleep.

Saturday morning after we had made love one more time before we forced ourselves out of bed, we decided to go out to eat breakfast. I guess it was more like brunch.

I had my husband drive to the apartments so I could talk to the tenants in apartment #4. I noticed that the car the boy's drove wasn't there. He parked the truck in front of the door to #4 and waited in the truck as I went to the door. I knocked several times and was about to leave when the inside door opened and there stood Isaiah dressed in only a pair of snug fitting black boxers, looking like he had just woken up.

I immediately looked back over my shoulder at my wide-eyed husband who was watching closely. I can't be sure if it was because of the black boxers, but Isaiah's skin seemed more brown than black.

My heart was beating faster as I surveyed the young man standing nearly naked just a glass door away. Broad shoulders, wash board abs, narrow hips and a rather large bulge in those boxers.

Much to my surprise he was checking me out as well. It was very warm out, so I had worn a sundress which hit me mid-thigh. It was white, hung loosely over my body with only thin straps holding it up and it was blowing in the breeze. Just like almost always I didn't wear a bra. I could feel my nipples hardening from excitement. I also couldn't help but notice the bulge in his shorts was growing.

As he opened the glass storm door it took a few seconds to remember why I was there. "Oh yeah," I said, "You guys shouldn't send cash in the mail anymore. I can come pick it up from now on, if you want."

"I have a receipt for the cash you guys sent this month," I said as I handed it to him.

"I think we might need separate receipts for the coach," Isaiah said.

" That's not a problem," I said as I turned to go to the truck to get my receipt book. The wind caught my dress and nearly exposed my panties.

My husband had a huge smirking smile on his face as he offered, "I think he likes what he sees!"

I got my receipt book and said," Only In your dreams, I'm old enough to be his mom!"

"I'm pretty sure he doesn't care," was his answer.

When I dressed that morning, I dressed to empress my husband. I had no intention of going inside the apartment. Isaiah held the door open letting me inside. I walked to the snack bar leaned and started writing.

Even though the truck was just 8 feet away from the door, my husband had to exit his truck and lean against the front bumper to be able to watch. Isaiah moved his nearly naked body into one of the stools closest to me. His bare leg brushed against my right leg. It certainly made it hard to write the receipts.

As I turned to walk away from the bar, I heard the smoke detector beep letting the world know its battery was low. My husband has almost anything he might need for work in his truck so; I reached for my phone and gave him a call!

"Hey babe, do you have 9-volt battery? The smoke detector is beeping," I said.

"I'm sure I do, I'll bring it to you," was his reply.

I have never been a helpless female who needed men to accomplish small tasks for her. I am a very hands-on person. Looking back, I know I should have thought my next move through a little more. I stepped up on one of the bar stools and reached for the battery in the chirping alarm, that was on the taller than normal ceiling. I still couldn't reach the darn thing so kicked my flip flops off and stepped up on the bar top, which gave me just barely enough height to reach from my tip toes.

I doubt I need to remind you that I was wearing a loose fitting, kind of short sundress. Let me describe the situation. I am now standing just a little less than 4 feet off the floor, standing on my tip toes, with my arms above my head. Do I need to tell you what happened to my sundress when I reached above my head? That most certainly exposed my body from my bare feet to my bare breasts and everything in between. I doubt that my thin stretchy white lace boy short panties that hugged every crevice in my body creating what my husband calls a camel toe hid much including my bright red well-trimmed bush. I am pretty sure that there was a wet spot very visible between my legs to anyone who happened to be looking. Especially one who was sitting on a stool right under me.

I heard the door and turned my head as my husband handed me the new battery. "Dancing on the bar again, I see," he said almost laughing. I quickly replaced the battery, straightened my dress and did a few dance moves to imaginary music.

When I stepped down off the bar onto the stool, I lost my balance and sat on the bar to avoid falling. It certainly wasn't as graceful as my dancing had been! I am sure I gave both my husband and Isaiah a good look at my panties one more time.

I would have had to be blind not to notice not only did my husband have a bulge in his khaki shorts but the young tenant's tight-fitting boxers now looked something like a tent. It was obvious that the tent pole wasn't small!

To say I was flustered as we reached my husband's truck would be an understatement. That didn't go unnoticed by my best friend and husband. He leaned sliding his hand under my dress and kissing me.

"Damn, that was HOT! I think you might need fresh panties!" he said with a smile as his fingers traced my very wet slit through those body-hugging undies.

He had barely backed out of the parking spot when it dawned on me, "I left my phone, we have to go back," I said.

He parked again and I quickly went to the door. Thinking back, I should have knocked but, I didn't. I opened the glass door and walked to the bar where I left my phone and receipt book. It's also where I had unintentionally exposed my body. I grabbed my belongings and that's when I saw Isaiah! He was sitting in the leather recliner a few feet from me. He was kind of facing away from me. Those black boxers were on the arm of the chair and his hand was wrapped around his very hard very thick big cock slowly stroking that long shaft. I could see the veins bulging along that shaft. There was a very sizable glob of precum oozing out the brown tip.

I wanted to turn away and leave as quietly and quickly as I could, but my mind wanted to watch. Actually, it wanted to kneel between his legs and give him a helping hand or two! Now it's not like I had to stand there for a long time. Within a few seconds, he groaned like I have heard my husband do hundreds of times. I swear I couldn't breathe for a full minute as his male organ shot spurt after spurt of thick white cum in the air and fell out of my sight onto his body.

"I wonder what turned him on so much," I thought to myself!

I'm not sure what gave me away, but he quickly turned and was looking at me. I was like a deer caught in the headlights. He was doing his best to hide his cock as he reached for his underpants. If the moment hadn't been so serious, it was almost funny watching that tall young black man struggling to get those tight boxers over his enlarged male member. When he stood, I got a good look at the mess he had made on his stomach and chest. His smooth brown skin made the white globs even more visible.

"I'm so sorry!" I said, "I forgot my phone." Then I dashed for the door! I didn't stop until I was in my husband's truck. "GO!" I told my husband.

He seemed to be confused and he was taking way too much time leaving! I scooted down in the seat as I saw Isaiah standing at the door. I tried not to make eye contact with him.

The hospital where I work is just a few blocks from the Apartments. I work in the surgery department, and I knew that unless there had been an emergency no one would be in there on a Saturday.

I made a quick call to the receptionist. "Hey, it's Pam! Is there anyone back in Surgery?"

"No, it's all quiet here so far," Was her answer.

I looked at my husband and said," Let's go to the hospital."

He gave me a questioning look but headed that way. I used my security badge to let myself in. I led my puzzled husband to the female locker room back in surgery. I locked the door and quickly pulled that sundress over my head and slid my wet panties down my legs and kicked them aside along with my flip flops.

My husband was still standing very attentively watching me strip. "Are you going to undress or just stand there?" I asked impatiently as I started unfastening his shorts.

I was in a hurry, so I helped him get his shorts and underwear off. He was already extremely hard, and this was no time for unneeded foreplay, I moved him back until he was lying on the bench us girls use to dress and undress. I straddled him and lowered onto his cock. Trust me I was so wet and so turned on I didn't need lube or a guide to get him inside me. He wasn't at all reluctant to be of service, but I was certain he had questions as to what caused this.

"He was jacking off when I went inside," I said.

"You saw him? "He asked.

"Oh yeah I saw him," I told him as I raised and lowered on his male member.

"Did he know you were watching?" was his next question.

"Not until he came all over himself," I said. "His cock was so big and OMG he shot so much cum," I added.

Now my husband's thick 7" cock has always been the perfect fit but as I rode him, I was wondering if Isaiah's big black cock could stretch me enough to get all in.

At this point I was extremely glad my husband and I had had sex 4 times in less than 24 hours. He was rock hard from the events of the last hour but was lasting long enough for me to really enjoy his cock as I told him about the BBC I had watched unload, as I rode him like a good cowgirl.

I have to admit that I had to stop talking when I got the first of my fabulous orgasms. Number two was even better as we both came at the same time. Just as I was about to try for orgasm number three, someone tried to get in the locked door.

That kind of killed the moment and I quickly rose off my husband's still semi hard and very messy cock. I was trying to find my clothes as my husband started pulling his underwear and shorts on. Just as the door opened, I let my sundress fall over my naked body. I could feel the mix of juices running down my thighs.

One of the cleaning ladies walked in saying," I'm sorry I didn't know anyone was back here."

"We were just leaving," I said while my husband was trying to finish dressing.

I stepped into my flip flops. Then there was one of those moments when you see something that was going to be embarrassing. About the time I saw my lacy panties laying on the floor, the cleaning lady noticed them too. I casually bent down and picked them up. From the smile on her face, she was pretty sure she knew what we had been doing. I smiled back and gave her a wink!

My husband didn't really share my thoughts that it was funny how we nearly got caught, but I laughed all the way down the hall. We got to his truck and as I reached for a Kleenex to dry my legs and messy bottom, I said, "I'm starving, where we are going to eat?"

My husband gave me a smile and asked, "Should we see if Isaiah is hungry?"

As I was putting my damp lacy panties back on, I casually replied, "Maybe next time!"
