Disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.

The parents come home earlier than expected!  Sara decides to join Megan in her ballet class.
-------------

"I'm thinking of quitting soccer," Megan explained after the girls cleaned up the room and moved into Anna's bedroom.  They were all sitting on Anna's plastic covered bed.
"Why's that?" Sara asked, more than a little dissapointment in her voice.
"It's just too much for me.  I had to choose between my ballet and soccer and I chose ballet."
"You do ballet?" asked Emily.
"Since I was five."
"I've always admired ballerinas" Emily admitted.  "They're so strong and feminine at the same time."
"Me too." piped in Sara.  "I wanted to be one, but thought I was too big, you know?"
"You're not too big." Megan said reassuringly, reaching over and pinching one of Anna's nipples, the crown jewel at the tip of her large, perky breasts.
"You think so?" asked Anna sheepishly.
"Of course.  You should come to class with me sometime and watch, see if you want to give it a shot."
"Could I?  That would be wonderful.  Thank you!"  Anna's arms were flung around Megan and she embraced her tightly.  After a few seconds she pulled away a little and looked into Megan's eyes.  They stared, silently, lost in each other's probing looks.  Their faces moved towards each other and their mouths opened slightly as their lips met.  They kissed more passionately than either of them knew was possible.  It was that moment that they knew that they were in love and that the would never be separated.
The show of such sincere affection had an effect on Emily and Sara, who had had the same moment the first time they met.  Their lips locked and they forgot about everything in the world except their lover.  The two sisters lay one the bed next to each other completely naked while their younger lovers covered their bodies in kisses.

	It was mid morning before any of the girls woke up.  Sara was the first to wake and she stretched and yawned as her eyes adjusted to the morning light streaming in through the window.  Snuggled into her right side lay Emily, her head resting on her shoulder, her arm laying across her stomach.  Sara kissed her on the top of the head and smiled to herself, so content and happy at that moment that she knew this was what heaven must be like.  She hard a soft moan to her left and glanced over to see the two younger girls fast asleep, wrapped up in each other's arms, holding onto one another as if they were afraid that someone might try to seperate them while they slept.

The birds were singing outside, their melodious chirps flowing into the bedroom through the open window.  Every now and then Sara could hear a car drive down the quiet neighborhood street.  A car door opening and closing . . . indescript voices conversing about life's trivialities . . . the sound of the front door opening and lugage being dragged across the wooden floor of the entryway . . . 

Sara's eyes shot open and she sat up, shaking Emily awake while she frantically whispered her name.  "What? What?" Emily asked as she grogily rubbed her eyes.  
"your parents are home!" Sara wispered in a voice tinged with fear and anxiety.  
"They don't get home 'till tomorrow." Emily started to say until she was interupted by her mother's voice, calling up from the downstairs.
	"Girls!  We're home!"  Emily was immediately awake.
	"They're probably still in bed." Emily's father's voice was heard to say, "let them sleep in."  At this point all four girls were awake, each one sitting motionless in the bed, wondering what happens next.  
	"our clothes are all downstairs." Sara said in a panic.
	"you guys can borrow some night clothes.  We'll tell them we had a sleepover." Emily said decisvely.
	"we'll get in trouble, we weren't supposed to have anyone over!" Anna pointed out.
	"better that then tell them the truth of what went on!"
	"good point.  What about my bottles?"
	"I put all but one in the freezer, along with everything else we . . . saved.  There's only one bottle in the fridge, maybe they won't notice it." Sara recalled putting it on one of the lower shelves, somewhere where it wasn't immediately obvious.
	"Okay," said Emily, "we'll sneak back to my room and get dressed.  You guys do the same and we'll meet on the stairs in five minutes."  All the girls nodded their consent to this plan.  Emily and Sara quietly got out of bed and moved to the door.  "and take those plastic sheets off your bed, hide them."  They peeked out and listened.  Satisfied that no one was near by, they quickly ran out the door and down the hall to Emily's room where they closed the door and giggled, exhilerated by their risky, naked run down the hall.

In five minutes they all had on pajamas and were standing at the top of the stairs.  They nodded to each other and Emily and Sara lead the way down the stairs.  The parents were in the kitchen, and as the girls headed that way Sara ran to the living room and gathered up all the cclothes that were flung around the room.  The light had been off so it seemed as though her parents hadn't been in there yet, which made her sigh with relief as she picked a pair of poo stained panties off of the back of the couch.  She gathered up all the clothes and stashed them in her book bag which was sitting on the floor in the hallway.  The girls entered the kitchen and found their parents.  
	Glenn, Emily and Sara's father, was sitting at the kitchen table, reading a newspaper and drinking coffee.  Susan, their mother, was standing at the stove, just cracking an egg into a frying pan as the girls entered.
	"Good morning girls!" Glenn said cheerfully as his daughters entered the room.  "Oh, who have we here?"  He asked as behind his daughters entered Sara and a younger girl whom he hadn't met.
	"Mom, Dad," began Emily timidly, "you remember Sara . . ."
	"Of course, Hi Sara, how are you?" Glenn asked with a smile.
	"and this is my friend, Megan." Sara chimed in.
	"It's good to meet you Megan." Susan said as she ushered the girls towards the table.  "Are you guys hungry?  I think I have enough eggs for omelets!"
	All four girls relaxed a bit as they saw that they were not in trouble.  "Sure mom." Emily answered.
	"Oh shoot." Susan exclaimed.  "We don't have enough, I wasn't expecting so many people!  Is  cereal okay?"
	"Cereal is fine mom, thanks."
	"it looks like all we have is this bran cereal . . . I could always run down to the store real quick and pick something up . . ."
	"Bran is fine mom.  We like it anyway, it's good with a bit of sugar."
	"Okay, if you say so."  She brought the cereal over and went to the cupboard to get some bowls.  Sara mouthed at Emily, "the bottle!"  Emily jumped to her feet and called out, "I'll get the milk!"  She ran to the fridge and grabbed the milk, quickly hiding Sara's bottle in the very back of the fridge.

As the girls started on their cereal Glenn looked up from his paper.  "So I thought you guys weren't supposed to have anyone over while we were out of town. . .""
	"Well," Emily began, "uh, uh"	
	"Well you thought we wouldn't be home until tomorrow!" Glenn finished her sentence.  A few seconds later he smiled broadly and started laughing.  "It's okay sweetie, you're not in trouble.  It doesn't look like you guys were throwing any wild parties, we don't care if you had your girlfriends sleep over."
	The girls gulped at the word "girlfriends" but they knew their dad didn't mean anything by it.  "Thanks dad." they both managed to mutter in between bites of cereal.
	"So where did you and Megan meet?" Susan asked of her youngest daughter.
	"Soccer" Sara answered.  "But Megan has ballet class this afternoon, and she invited me to come along.  Will you drive us?"
	"Sure sweetie," Susan answered, "I didn't know you were interested in ballet."
	"It sounds like fun.  Besides, I ran into some of the soccer girls at the mall the other day.  They weren't very nice to me, I'm not sure soccer is so great this year."
	"I'm sorry to hear that sweetie.  You don't have to play if you don't want.  When we go down to the ballet studio later I'll ask about lessons."
	"Thanks mom!"
	"And what do you girls have planned for the day?" Susan asked Emily and Sara.  
	"oh nothing.  We'll probably just fool around." Emily answered with a grin.  Sara burst out laughing, almost causing milk to come out her nose.
	The rest of breakfast passed uneventfully and soon enough the girls were up in their rooms, getting dressed, finding clean clothes to wear.

	In Sara's room, Sara watched with wide eyes as Megan changed into the ballet outfit she had brought in her bag.  The pink silk panties were pulled up slowly, finally snapping closed around her perfectly rounded young butt.  Next came the tights, which slowly engulfed Megan's beautiful, flawless legs.  Finally came the pink lycra leotard which fit her perfectly, its tight fabric caressing every curve of her young body, simultaneously leaving everything and nothing to the imagination.  Sara was practically drooling by this point and she was absent mindedly stroking her damp pussy with her right hand.  
	Megan floated over to her and took her right hand, pulling it away from her lover's pussy and placing it gently down on the bed.  "No no, I want to see how wet you get without touching."

Just then Emily and Sara threw open the door and entered without even knocking.  They were both wearing knee length skirts with form fitting button down blouses.  They matched just enough to be adorable.  "Okay baby, lay back and let momy change you."  Emily began as Sara closed the door behind them.
	"Wha. . What?" Sara inquired.
	"Baby has to wear her diapers all weekend, nothing has changed about that."  Emily pulled out a disposable diaper and began to unfold it.  
	"But mom and dad are home. . . and we're going to the studio . . ."
	"A deal's a deal." Sara pointed out.
	"Its true Anna, you can't go back on your promises." Megan said with a smile, through her giggles.  Sara gulped and slowly lay back on the bed.  Her pajama bottoms were quickly removed and Emily gave her a kiss on her little hairless cunt before sealing it away behind disposable diapers.
	"but how am I going to wear these unnoticed?"  Sara asked.
	"Doesn't matter to me.  As long as you wear the diapers, I don't care what you do."
	Megan was pulling on a pair of sweat pants over her tights and leotard when she noticed the look of fear on her lover's face.  "Why don't you just wear a maxi skirt sweetie?  No one will be able to tell if it is loose enough."

And so it was decided.  The next thing they knew, Megan and Sara were in the back of Susan's mini van, being driven to the dance studio.  Each girl was fantasizing about what the other was wearing, and they held hands the whole ride.