Author: mypenname3000
Title: Mind Controlled Mothers Club Chapter Six: Mommy-Slut Orgy
Summary: The first meeting of the Mother Fucking Club explodes with naughty delights!
Keywords: mF fF mmF mf MMf MMF FFF Ff mmmF mc inc orgy oral anal A2M voy exhib public inter creampie DP wife

Copyright 2018

Note: Thanks to wrc264 for beta reading this!

Chae-Won Cherry Kang  Virgo

It was a strange for me to be excited to be at school once it was over. Normally, I liked to get home as soon as I could so I could masturbate my virgin pussy. Tonight, however, was special. Tonight was the first true meeting of the Mother Fucking Club. This would be such a wild time. I couldn't wait for all those slut mothersall those whores like my own momgetting fucked and gangbanged. Being used by their sons and other young men.

It was hot. My boyfriend was so amazing. 

He rescued me from being one of those sluts. I would have been a complete whore without his mind control powers rewriting my personality. I knew the path I was on. I just needed that first boy to pop my cherry, and I would have exploded into slutdom.

I smiled and nodded my head as students were showing up with their mothers, and often their fathers. The boys all had huge grins on their faces. They knew what was going on. They were all eager to join the Mother Fucking Club. There was only one condition: they had to bring their mother to this meeting to become whores. Henry and I spent the second half of our school day telling every boy we could this command.

Just keep heading towards the gym for the first meeting, I told them, giving them big grins, nodding at all the MILFs who would soon be fucked. Those husbands who did show up, about a third of the moms had their spouses with them, would get to see what they're wives were truly like. 

I wondered what Justin would do with them.

Chae-Won, a familiar voice said.

My father appeared, a slender, Korean man with darker olive skin than mine, his black hair cut short. He wore a buttoned down shirt that was tucked into a pair of khaki pants. He was such a good man. An anger at my mother shot through me.

What is going on? he said, looking around, bewildered. What is this emergency parent meeting at your school.

What did mother tell you? I asked.

Only that I had to be here, he said.

I turned and looked over at Sadie lurking in the corner. She was a special girl I met today. A rare virgin. Well, Dad, I have great news for you. Sadie darted up to us, a big grin on her face. She rubbed her hands together before her. This is Sadie. She's your new girlfriend.

My thoughts burned and prickled as I used my new mind control powers on him. A little wave of darkness shot across my vision.

I love you so much! Sadie said, her eyes so wide.

Girlfriend, Dad said as Sadie threw herself at him. She pressed against him. I can't have... Confusion flicked across his face. I mean, what about your mother?

Oh, she's a slut, I said, the needles prickling through my mind. So Sadie's going to replace mom. Because Mom's a complete whore. She cheated on you all the time, Dad, but you're not mad about that. Or hurt. 

My thoughts really burned as Dad shook his head, his emotions crashing across his features. He went through so many stages of shock and betrayal in a moment. Then he stared down at Sadie, his face still so confused.

So Sadie is your new lover, I said. You love her and you'll be happy with her forever. And Mom is your slut. Your whore. You'll get to use her however you want. You and Sadie both.

Sadie, my dad said, staring at the fifteen-year-old girl bouncing in his arms, a big grin on her face. What a beautiful thing you are.

And you're so handsome, Dae-Jung, Sadie said, saying my father's name perfectly. Then she planted a big kiss on my dad's mouth.

I sighed, so glad that they would be happy. My dad deserved a faithful woman, not a whore like my mom. I loved my powers so much. I didn't know why that mysterious Institute sent me a halo the next day after Henry received his. I didn't care. I was too thrilled that it happened.

It was all my fantasies come to life.

Arms slid around me from behind. I gave a little squeak of shock before I realized it was Henry. Oh, stud-muffin, you surprised me.

I see your dad looks happy, Henry said, his hands pulling me tight to him. 

Uh-huh, I said, buzzing in delight. I was in my boyfriend's arms. I loved him so much because he rewrote my mind. 

He nibbled on my neck, sending a wave of heat through me. So, you ready for tonight?

You better believe it, stud-muffin. I turned around in his arms as my dad kept kissing Sadie. She was eager to lose her virginity to her new boyfriend. Tonight is going to be so hot!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Henry Archer  Sagittarius

The gymnasium bleachers were filled with sons, and more than a few young mommy-sluts in training, with their mothers. There were fathers, too, but I didnt mind. Sluts need guys to fuck. Teenage girls were getting bred tonight and fucked alongside their slut-mothers. The moms I'd already inducted, including my own mother, were bustling around the stage. They weren't naked. 

Yet.

I took a deep breath. I was about to unleash my powers on so many people. Far, far more than I had ever done at once. All day I was giving orders and the pain dwindled with each one. It was like I had to train my powers, exercising it. And the more I did, the easier it got.

I hoped I could do this.

You ready, stud-muffin? Cherry said. My Korean girlfriend slipped her hand into my mine. She had such an eager look on her face, her nipples hard against her blouse, her skirt swirling about her slender thighs as she wiggled her hips from side to side.

Yeah, I said, squeezing her hand. I felt a tingle rippling from her. A little prickling of energy, a tingle that reminded me of... last night.

When I got my halo.

I strange idea popped into my head. There were so many people here. Could I really do this without exploding my brain. I tightened my hand tight about Cherry's hand again, that tingling increasing. My brow furrowed. This was... interesting.

Come on, I said. Let's do it.

She blinked at that as I led her towards the small stage we set up. Some commands to the school's administration got all this set up. There was a microphone, ready to amplify my commands to all those mothers.

I gazed out at all those MILFs about to become the true sluts that they were. So many sons were going to enjoy the delights of returning to their mother's cunts before swapping them to enjoy another hot MILF's sloppy snatch.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Deidre Icke tapped her foot as she stood in her office. The president of the Institute of Apotheosis's stomach rippled. The camera feeds monitoring the two newest Gods showed nearly three hundred people all ready to hear his commands. Some of those were under his power, but more than half were the parents of his classmates.

Not even the leash attached to her collar and held in her Master's hand helped to calm her nerves. Robert stroked her ass with his other hand as he stood beside her. Deidre never thought she would reconcile with her husband after their divorce. After she cheated on him. But thanks to the new Gods, she had learned her place and found such joy as Robert's sex slave.

Until today, the Institute had been faithful to the vision of their guru. They had created the twelve Halos and sent half of them out to the individuals identified by their scrying, guided by Dr. Blavatsky from beyond the grave.

He could hurt himself, Deidre muttered. It takes time for the Gods to adapt to their powers. He hasn't even had it a full twenty-four hours. He's going to kill himself, Master.

Robert squeezed her ass again. Nothing we can do unless you want to break protocol and make contact with him.

Not that we could in time, Deidre said. Damn that Ulrich for encouraging him. He shouldn't be going this fast. He shouldn't even have that many people there. This is because Chae-Won has a Halo, too. He covered more ground.

The God stood at the microphone, the Goddess beside him. Everything was so wrong. Deidre's world felt on the verge of tipping over. The true Virgo Goddess would never get her Halo, would never get to teach the world her lesson. Twelve different examples to follow, some in harmony and some contrasting, but all leading to enlightenment. 

What would it mean for mankind's transformation that the wrong Virgo existed. A Virgo enslaved to Sagittarius's teachings?

How could enlightenment be perfected with this glaring flaw?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Henry Archer  Sagittarius

Thank you all for coming, I said, feeling a little nervous about this. Despite knowing my powers worked, I was still facing several hundred people all staring at me. There was a restless vibe in the air. I was glad so many came.

Cherry squeezed my hand.

Deep breath. Mothers, I said, gazing out at them, you are all sluts, so strip naked. 

The pain stabbed into my mind. I clutched to Cherry's hands as the ice daggers shot into my mind. I swayed, the agony almost overwhelming me while a confused ripple went through the adults as the mothers began taking off their clothing. I could just see them through the darkness choking my vision to a tight tunnel. Sweat burst across my head and...

That tingle intensified from Cherry. My girlfriend gasped as I drew something from her and... The pain retreated. My vision cleared to see a hundred or more mature women ripping off their clothing. The sons were grinning and whooping while the husbands were trying to stop their wives.

Mothers, you are all sluts, I said again. Whores first for your sons, and then to any other guy in the Mother Fucking Club. And that's every guy in this gymnasium, I said, my power surging out from me. My thoughts prickled and tingled, but they didn't hurt like it should. I was drawing on Cherry's Halo, tapping into her nanites to keep my head from exploding. She swayed beside me, allowing me to affect more people. Mommy-sluts, you are all wet to fuck other guys. You're such whores that you just want to fuck every cock in the club. You all crave dicks and pussies.

That's what a slut is. A woman that is honest with her desires to have sex with everyone they can. No one is ever jealous of you, because you're sluts. Husbands, you enjoy watching your whore-wives fuck other guys. You don't have a problem fucking other sluts, either. You're here to join the fun and get a taste of the pleasure your sons will get to experience all the time from now on.

Cherry squeezed my hand, nodding her head.

Last, this is my mother, I said. My black-haired, busty mother sauntered up. She had already removed her dress, the only thing she wore, and proudly displayed her body. She had such big, soft breasts and such a lush body. My mother's pussy is off-limits to everyone but me. You can fuck her ass and mouth, but her cunt is all mine!

Now enjoy fucking your mothers, boys! I roared, Cherry's presence buttressing me against the worst of the pain from giving my orders. My Goddess supported me. Dads, join in. You can fuck your wives' mouths while your sons get their first taste of mommy-cunt, or enjoy one of those teenage sluts needing to be bred.

Yes, Cherry shouted. Enjoy them!

My friends, with their new girlfriends in tow, were already fucking their mothers. Teo plowed into his Hispanic mother's cunt while his new girlfriend, a virgin found by Cherry, was feeding her pure pussy to Mrs. Rojas's hungry mouth. Noah had his sexy mother riding his cock while his girlfriend ground her snatch on his face.

In the stands, the fucking had already begun. Mothers were taking dicks from their sons. Many knelt like bitches, their breasts bouncing and hair swaying as they were fucked hard from behind. Their moans and whorish gasps echoed through the gymnasium. The mommy-sluts in training were also enjoying their mothers. They were all sluts, so they all craved pussy as well as cock. A mother and daughter were sixty-nining on the floor before the bleachers, devouring each other's cunts with hunger.

Wow, that was so hot, Cherry said, grinning at me. She let go of my hand. You were... using me.

You're my girlfriend, I told her and loved the joy bursting across her face. 

I am! And I'm going to fuck my mommy slut! she spun around and darted to her purse where her mother stood. Mrs. Kang was a nubile, Korean MILF, her hands already squeezing her tits, kneading her breasts, eager to be a slut-mother.

Cherry pulled out a strap-on dildo from her purse. She spun around, a clear harness dangling from the fleshy shaft. I sent one of the mommy-sluts in training to get this for me! I'm going to fuck my mom so hard!

Oh, yes, Mrs. Kang said.

I grinned at her, my dick aching in my jeans. Have fun!

I plan on it, stud-muffin!

Her enthusiasm was infectious. If there wasn't an orgy breaking out in the gymnasium I'd still be so excited. She could keep me hard in a blizzard. I ripped off my shirt as my mom shivered before me, her big breasts jiggling.

You're going to fuck my whore-cunt before all of them, aren't you? my mom purred. Mmm, I want them all to see my big, strong son fuck my nasty pussy.

I grinned at my mom. Get on your hands and knees. I'm going to tear your cunt up.

Yes, fuck my slut-cunt, honey! My mom fell to her hands and knees on the polished gym floor. She pointed that gorgeous rump right at me, her black bush, soaked with her juices, peeking between her lush thighs. 

The hole I came from. It was this delicious sight. My dick throbbed as I unzipped my jeans. The sounds of passion grew louder and louder. Women gasping, moaning. Flesh slapping against flesh. Guys grunting and groaning.

So many sons enjoyed their mothers. It was so right. Every son should experience the joy of a mommy-slut. 

I shoved down my jeans and boxers in a single go. I kicked off my shoes as I tore off my jeans. Nearby, Cherry was already naked, not bothering to wear any bra or panties. Her firm titties jiggled, topped by her dark-olive nipples. She was working up the strap-on as I ripped off my t-shirt. 

Fuck your mom hard, stud-muffin! she said, winking at me. She adjusted her dildo as it thrust from her pussy. Her mother knelt before her, just like mine. Mrs. Kang was as eager to get fucked as mine.

Give your mom what she craves, I said as I fell to my knees. My cock smacked against my mother's rump.

I stared out at the orgy as I brought my dick to my mother's juicy snatch. I rubbed my cock's tip into her silky bush. So many young men fucked their mothers. It was such a beautiful thing to see the pleasure on their faces. The delight of incestuous bliss surging through them as they fucked the cunts that birthed them.

I pressed my dick into my mother's snatch. I felt her hot pussy lips. They were so silky and hot, beckoning me to bury into her depths. I pushed into her snatch, her labia wrapping around my tip. It was incredible to slide into her like all the other sons, and one naughty daughter, were doing.

Oh, yes, honey, my mom moaned, adding her voice to all the other slut-mothers out there. It's so good to have you in me again. Show them! Show them that I'm your whore, honey!

Yes, I growled as I slid home into her pussy.

My mother was all about me. She engulfed me. Her hot sheath was all about my cock. I groaned, sharing this same bliss with the hundred other boys. I grinned, wanting an entire world of son's fucking their mothers, pumping their dicks away into their hot cunts.

My balls smacked into her clit. I drew back and slammed into my mom again and again. She gasped and groaned. Her butt-cheeks rippled as I buried into her snatch. She wiggled her hips, swirling her pussy walls about my cock.

Fuck! I groaned, loving my powers. Damn, Mom, you want my cum. You want to make sure you're bred.

I do! she moaned. I want your child, honey! I want everyone to see how much of a mommy-slut I am!

Yes! I growled, thrusting harder, my balls growing so tight. It's such a joy to be in her. To fuck her. I glanced over at Cherry. Fuck your mom!

I am! she moaned, her small titties jiggling as she plowed her fleshy dildo into Mrs. Kang's pussy. Ooh, the dildo's pressing on my clit. I love it!

Cum hard!

She squealed in delight. Ooh, I will. And you... Cum and cum and cum! I want you to pump your jizz into so many sluts tonight!

You are the best girlfriend! I groaned, slamming hard into my mother's tight pussy.

I know! she moaned, her hands sliding up her mother's sleek sides to grip her breasts. She squeezed them as she fucked her mother hard.

I found my mom's big tits swaying beneath her. I held them, squeezed them, as I loved her pussy. I grunted, thrusting with all my might. My balls smacked into her, growing heavier and heavier with my cum.

I would spill so much jizz into my mom. I would breed her. She would be so sexy pregnant. I shuddered, my cum building and building inside of me. It wouldn't be long before I erupted and spilled into her. I would pump her full of my spunk. She would be dripping with it as guys fucked her asshole and mouth.

I pinched her nipples, her pussy clenching down on my dick. She whimpered and moaned, thrusting back into me. The silky friction stimulated my cock. The pleasure flowed down my shaft to my balls, building the pressure.

Fuck, look at all those women, I groaned, staring at the bleachers. One MILF rode her son's cock reverse cowgirl style, her big breasts bouncing and heaving. Another was getting spit-roasted by her son and husband, taking a dick from both ends. They're all like you, Mom.

They are, honey! she moaned. And they're just as happy as I am. You're letting them be who they truly are! That's so amazing!

As the pleasure spilled through my body, I just drank in the sight. Everywhere I looked, there was more incest. A daughter rode her mother's face, grinding her cunt on her mouth while a young man, maybe her brother, fucked the MILF's cunt hard. He groped the girl's tits. They kissed, sharing their passion. A woman nearby squealed as her son switched holes, sliding into her asshole. Her face scrunched up in rapture.

I'm such a slut! she screamed as her son sodomized her. Yes, yes, yes! Such a whore!

You are, Mom!

I grinned, my lusts swelling through me. My balls were growing heavier and heavier. A MILF rode her son, her round tits bouncing and swaying while she sucked on her husband's cock. He fed it to her, slamming into his slut-wife's mouth.

Just a whore! he groaned. But you're finally sucking my cock! I'm going to cum all over that face! I knew you were a slut!

So hot! Cherry moaned nearby. Oh, Mom, do you love it!

I do! she moaned.

And look, Dad's enjoying his new girlfriend. She's going to be his wife. You're just their slut now, but you love that!

I am your father's slut! Mrs. Kang moaned. Just keep fucking me, Chae-Won! Keep ramming that dildo into me!

Make your mom cum, Cherry! I growled. She needs it. she's a slave to her orgasms.

She is! Cherry said, flashing me a joy-filled expression. Her face twisted. And I'm going to join her.

Yes, honey, me, too! groaned my mother, her pussy squeezing hot and silkily about my dick. There's so many slut-mothers! You made them, honey! I'm so proud of you!

 I shuddered at her words. And then groaned as her pussy spasmed about my dick. Her hungry cunt rippled and writhed about my cock thrusting into her. She moaned, her flesh sucking at my dick, milking me. She was so hungry for my jizz to breed her pussy.

Reveling in the sounds of all those sons fucking their mothers, I buried into my mom's cunt. Her convulsing flesh engulfed me to the hilt. Her warm passion rippled about my dick. The ache at the tip of my cock swelled. The pressure boiled over in my balls.

I erupted into my mother. I spurted blast after blast of my jizz into her cunt. I shuddered as the rapture slammed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision as my head swayed. It was so incredible to flood my mother's cunt with cum.

I'm breeding your slut-cunt, Mom! I growled. 

Yes! she moaned, her curly, black hair tossing about her back and shoulders. Her pussy spasmed harder, like she was orgasming with more force. Just flood me, honey! Make a baby in me!

Yes, yes, knock her up, stud-muffin! gasped my girlfriend, her voice thick with orgasmic rapture.

And she wasn't the only one.

You're cumming in my pussy, son!

Damn, Mom, your cunt is going wild about my dick!

You're such a whore for cumming from us fucking you, Mom!

Jesus, babe, drink all my jizz down.

I'm cumming in her cunt, too, Dad! Mom's going wild about my dick.

Your pussy is incredible Mom. I'm gonna bust my nut in you!

Cum in me, son! Just flood me! I want your jizz in me!

Yes, yes, yes, Mom, eat my pussy! Ooh, yes, you're a whore just like me!

I did this. I made this happen. My pleasure peaked. I fired the last blast of my cum into my mom's cock. Her pussy spasmed around my girth, milking out every last drop. I gulped in breaths, my body buzzing from my orgasm.

I was still hard thanks to the Halo. I could fuck and fuck and fuck. There were other mommy-sluts to enjoy. Other MILFs to fuck. I grinned as I ripped my cock out of my mother's pussy, my jizz dribbling out to stain her black bush. 

I smacked her ass, Enjoy yourself, Mom.

Oh, I will, she moaned. Mmm, look at the mouth on that woman. I bet she'll lick my pussy clean of all your cum.

I bet she will, I said and marched out across the gymnasium to find my first MILF to enjoy.

I found her. A Black MILF on her hands and knees, her ebony tits swaying beneath her while her son fucked her hard from behind. He was tall and lean, one of our basketball players though I couldn't remember his name.

My man Henry! he grinned at me, his gold necklace bouncing across his muscular chest. This is tight, man. I'm balls deep in my mom.

Yeah, you are, I said, falling to my knees before her. I shook my pussy-soaked cock at her lips.

The mommy-slut didn't hesitate. The Black woman engulfed my cock with her hungry mouth. She sucked so hard, tasting my mom's spicy pussy on my dick. I groaned, my balls growing tight as her suction reached down my shaft to them.

Damn, Mom, groaned the Black guy. Your cunt squeezed down hard on my dick. You like that, huh? Suckin' that White boy's dick covered in his slut-mom's juices.

His mom moaned about my dick.

Course you do. You the biggest ho I know! Damn, but it's fine to be in your cunt!

I nodded my head. Just fuck her hard! Enjoy her!

He gave me a huge grin as he fucked his mom. She rocked between us, spit-roasted on our dicks. I loved it. Her tongue swept around the tip of my cock, licking up my mom's cream. My sensitive crown throbbed as I plunged into her hot mouth again and again, brushing the back of her throat.

Real sluts deep-throat cocks, I growled, the slightest prickle racing across my thoughts.

Oh, hell yeah, my man, the Black guy groaned. Ram that dick down my mom's throat. She'll love it. She's a fuckin' ho-bag cock-gobbler. Every guy in our apartment buildin' knows that.

His mom moaned louder. I thrust hard into her mouth, slamming my dick down her gullet. I groaned at the hot embrace of her tight esophagus squeezing about my cock as I buried to the hilt in her oral cavity. My balls smacked against her chin.

She moaned about my cock. Her humming pleasure massaged the tip. Then she sucked hard as I drew back, my balls tensing at the friction. This was incredible. It was all my fantasy come to life. To just fuck hot MILFs whenever I want. To just ram into them.

To prove that they were all sluts like my mother.

Damn, this is incredible, Henry, the Black guy groaned. Look at that little Breezy over their riding her mom's face. Just grinding that hot cunt on her mom's mouth.

Yeah! I said, the blonde girl shuddering as she came on her mother, drowning her in pussy juices.

I wouldn't mind having that White girl ride my dick, the Black guy said.

She's a slut, too! I groaned. Have at her when you're done.

Fuck, yeah! he groaned and rammed into his mom. Sheeeit!

His face twisted. I grinned, loving the fact he was dumping his cum into his mother's hot pussy. Incestuous pleasure burned across his face. I knew that bliss. That first time cumming in the hole that birthed you. It was special. Something only a mother and a son could share.

Damn! I grunted, thrusting harder into his mom's mouth as she moaned about my cock. Her passion hummed about it. She was cumming, too, milking her son's dick. Flooding her cunt!

Hell yeah, I am! he groaned. Then he shook his head. 

Now go get that slut to suck you hard, I told him.

I didn't feel a single whisper or tingle. It was a command this guy would have followed without my powers. He ripped his softening dick out of his mother's cunt and rushed over to the blonde girl shuddering through her orgasm, her big tits heaving. He grabbed a fistful of her blonde hair and fed his dick into her mouth.

Suck it, Eloise, he said. Suck my dick clean, you nasty ho.

She did.

Pussy! another slut screamed. A girl I knew named Dixie fell to her knees behind the Black woman and buried her face into her cunt, lapping up the incestuous creampie. Oh, my god, Henry, I really, really love eating creampies! I ate out Coach Bronson's cunt during swim class... Yum!

I grinned at her, my balls tightening. The mother kept moaning about my dick as I fucked it down her throat. Her passion spilled through me. I loved it. I stared at Dixie's brown eyes as she lapped up all that cum flooding out of the Black MILF.

It was too much. I didn't have to hold back or conserve myself. I could just explode. I gripped the MILF's thick hair and rammed deep down her throat. I buried to the hilt in her and surrendered to my pleasure.

I pumped my jizz straight into her stomach.

That's it, you fucking ho-bag! I groaned. Take it all.

She's such a ho-bag! Dixie moaned. Just like me! Ooh, Henry, will you fuck me next! I need to be bred! I want to be a mommy-slut, too! I want to have a daughter and raise her to be a whore!

Before I could take her up on the offer, a skinny guy in glasses pounced on her. He rammed his cock into her pussy and hammered away at her. The teenager had a look of such joy on his face as he plowed into Dixie's cunt.

First my mom, and now Dixie! he groaned. 

Breed the slut! I said as I fired the last blast of my cum into the Black mother's pussy.

I will! He had a look of such joy on his face. You're the best, Henry!

I know, I said, giving him a cocky grin, my body buzzing from my pleasure. I ripped my cock out of the woman's mouth and stood.

Yes, yes, yes, lick up all my Davonte's cum out of my snatch! the Black MILF moaned as I searched for someone new to fuck.

Mom! a guy grunted. I grinned at the sight of Austin cumming in his blonde mother's cunt. His body shook and shuddered. You are such a good lay, Mom. Wow, that was incredible. I can't believe dad dumped you.

I know! she moaned. But I don't care. I have you and all these other studs to fuck me! Her eyes flashed to me. Mmm, you got a hard cock. Care to give me what I need?

Shit, yeah, Henry, Austin said, ripping his cock out of his mother's snatch. His jizz spilled out and matted her blonde curls. Why don't you give her a poke, man? She needs it. She's got a hot cunt. He smacked his mom's ass.

I grinned, my dick throbbing. Maybe I will, I said and sauntered over to her. The blonde MILF turned her body, aiming her cunt right at me. Oh, yes, I'm going to enjoy your mother.

Good, he said then groaned as a Black girl named Veva fell to her knees before him and sucked his softening cock into her mouth. Holy shit!

She's fluffing you hard so she can get a dick in her cunt, I said, falling behind his mother. She needs to be bred.

Yeah, I was in the swim class when Cherry walked in and explained it all, Austin said. I didn't give Veva a poke then, but I unloaded so much jizz into Coach Bronson.

Isn't she a dyke? I asked.

But she has a son, said Austin. So she's here somewhere.

Cherry did good, I said, rubbing my wet cock against the plump rump of Austin's mom. Mrs. Tolbert, spread your butt-cheeks. I'm going to fuck your asshole.

Ooh, yes, I need that broken in, she gasped, reaching behind her to spread apart her perky butt-cheeks and expose her puckered sphincter. I'm a hussy now. And a hussy does anal.

Yeah, she does, Mom, groaned Austin, his hands running through Veva's woolly hair. Fuck, she's sucking me hard. I'm going to fuck her cunt hard.

Good, I said as I brought my dick to her asshole. Then I paused and spat on it, making it gleam. Ready, hussy?

So ready, she moaned. Young man, fuck my asshole! I need it. I came, but I want more orgasms!

Whores always do! I said, putting my dick against her wet asshole. I swirled my cock's tip around it, drinking in the puckered feel of her sphincter. 

She groaned as I pushed forward. I loved the sight of a MILF's asshole stretching wider and wider about my dick. Her back arched as I sank into her depths. Inch by inch I buried into her more and more. She whimpered and groaned, her asshole sucking more and more of my dick into her velvety embrace.

Pleasure rippled down my shaft as I pressed deeper into her. I gripped her hips, squeezing hard as I sodomized her while her son watched. Austin grinned at me, feeding his cock to Veva's hungry mouth. He was happy I was fucking his mom. Giving her pleasure.

Damn, I love this, I groaned as I bottomed out in her, my crotch pressing against her perky butt-cheeks. 

Holy shit, me, too! moaned the mother. Mrs. Tolbert threw a look at her son. Oh, Austin, your friend's dick is in my butt-hole! He's filling me up.

Yeah, Mom, I can see that! Damn, I'm going to fuck your ass, too. Then he grinned at Veva. Maybe I'll fuck yours, too. Huh? Get a little warm-up. Bet you'd... Jesus, Henry, she's sucking harder.

She's a mommy-slut in training, I grinned as I drew back my hips, my cock withdrawing from Mrs. Tolbert's asshole.

She squeezed the entire time. I groaned, loving the friction. A dizzy exhilaration shot through me. The orgy raged around me now. I spotted two men fucking a high school slut, one in her asshole, the other in her pussy. Beyond, two MILFs were in a noisy sixty-nine, no doubt feasting on the incestuous creampies left behind by their sons. Guys who had already came were getting their cocks fluffed by MILFs and teenage sluts, grinning, clearly eager for more.

My friend Rick was getting his dick polished by his girlfriend, Chanel. He had a huge smile on his face. He nodded to me while he enjoyed Chanel's hungry mouth. She was one of the few pure girls. His was the only cock she would ever enjoy. I made sure of that.

Lucky guys deserved to have virgins devoted to them like I did.

I lost track of Cherry, but I knew she and her strap-on were enjoying hot MILFs as I rammed into Mrs. Tolbert's bowels. My balls smacked into her flesh. I groaned at the velvety grip of her asshole, the friction sending rapture rippling through my body.

Yes, yes, yes, stud! she moaned, her hips undulating. Oh, wow, I never knew anal was so good. My husband always wanted it, but...

But he found himself a whore who'd give it to him, I said. Good thing you'll be generous with your son.

So generous, she whimpered, clenching her bowels on my dick as I thrust hard into her.

Damn, Mom, I know you will, Austin groaned. Then he ripped his cock out of Veva's cunt. Get on all fours, bitch, I'm going to tear up your asshole!

Yes! she moaned. The Black girl didn't just turn around like I thought. She moved before Mrs. Tolbert, kissed the blonde MILF on the mouth while wiggling her plump, ebony rump.

Shit! Austin said, looking like a boy at Christmas. 

I grinned as he moved behind the sixteen-year-old slut. He pressed his cock into Veva's asshole. She squealed into his mother's mouth, the pair kissing so hard. It inspired me to thrust harder, to plow into the MILF's tight asshole while witnessing the hot sight.

Austin grinned back at me as he sank into the Black girl's bowels. His eyes were so wide. I knew it was his first taste of anal delight. He gripped Veva's hips, drawing back through the slut's asshole, and then slammed back into her hard.

That's it! I grunted, fucking his mom even harder. Let's make these sluts cum on our dicks!

Such hussies! Austin groaned.

Yeah, they are! a girl moaned nearby. Go, Veva! Take that dick!

Uh-huh, a guy grunted. I glanced over and smiled at the sight of one of the fathers ramming into the teenage slut's pussy, his hands squeezing her small titties. Shit, you're tighter than my wife.

Yes! the slut moaned, pleasure crossing her face.

I can't believe this is happening, Austin panted. Henry, you and your girlfriend... What are you?

Gods, I said, hammering his mom's asshole hard.

Shit, you must be, he said. This is incredible. I'm going to cum so hard in her asshole.

Good, I grinned. 

My balls smacked over and over into his mom as I plowed into her asshole. She moaned into Veva's mouth, the two sluts kissing each other with such passion. Their heads moved as they made such sloppy sounds.

The gym echoed with the sounds of sex. The smells. My every breath was full of hot cunt. That wonderful, feminine musk. A dozen, dozen different scents all blending together. Women gasped and moaned. Men grunted and growled. Flesh smacked flesh. Sluts sucked cocks hard then took those shafts in their cunts or assholes. Some were taking dicks from both ends, or in all three of their holes. Jizz fired, splattering heaving tits or painting perky asses. A teenage slut with red hair rubbed a guy's cum on her face like it was lotion then a MILF licked it off of her.

To my right, three MILFs were daisy chaining, licking their cunts while their three sons stood over them stroking their dicks hard, all grinning and talking. I bet they were planning who would fuck whose mom next.

I did this. I made this happen.

I spotted my mom taking a dick in her asshole while sucking another boy's shaft. Her heavy tits swayed. She looked so happy being a slut. My cock throbbed in Mrs. Tolbert's bowels as I watched the guy fucking my mother's mouth rip his shaft free of her lips.

Fucking whore! he growled. Take it!

Yes, yes, yes! my mom moaned as she received a face-full of hot spunk. It splattered across her face and stained her black hair.

Goddamn! Liam, the guy fucking her asshole, grunted. The teenage boy buried to the hilt in her, flooding my mom with jizz.

Oh, my god, yes! she gasped. I'm such a slut!

Watching my mom cum set me off. I buried into Mrs. Tolbert's asshole. My hot jizz erupted from my dick. It pumped over and over into her hot bowels. She squealed into her kiss with Veva. Then the MILF's bowels rippled about my dick, milking me.

I'm cumming in your mom's asshole, Austin! I grunted.

Fuck, yeah! Give my mom what she craves!

Pleasure slammed into my mind. This dizzy exhilaration that had me swaying. Stars burst across my vision. I loved it. I drank it in as I gripped her hips. Her bowels spasmed about my dick. The scent of spicy cunt filled my nose, rising above all the other heady scents.

I fired my last spurt into her. I groaned and ripped my dick out of her. I loved her asshole gaping open for a moment, swimming with my salty jizz. I rose onto my feet, feeling light-headed from the exhilaration. Austin fucked Veva harder while his mother turned around.

Lick my ass clean, slut! Mrs. Tolbert said, pressing her butt-cheeks back into Veva's mouth. Mmm, I know you want to.

Oh, hell, yes! Veva moaned.

Shit! Austin groaned. Lick my mom's ass clean, you fucking skank!

She is a skank, a familiar voice giggled. Mommy-slut, suck my man's dick clean.

Oh, yes, Chae-Won.

I turned around to find my girlfriend, her strap-on dripping with pussy juices, giving me a big grin. Her mother, ass splattered in ropy jizz, was kneeling before her. Mrs. Kang scooted forward and engulfed my dirty cock, sucking it off of her.

I made some guys jerk off on her tits, Cherry said. It turns out you can order a guy to be hard.

Interesting, I said, pulling her to me. My goddess pressed into my side. I didn't mind her dildo rubbing wet on my stomach as she kissed me.

Her lips tasted of hot cunt. And it wasn't her mother's sweet musk. I didn't care whose it was. I just savored it on my goddess's lips. My hand slipped down to cup her rump while her small tits rubbed against my side.

Her mother sucked so hard, her head bobbing up and down on my dick, buffing my cock clean of Mrs. Tolstoy asshole. It was such a filthy thing to do. The perfect thing for a slut-mother like Mrs. Kang to do.

We're they're gods, aren't we, Henry? Cherry moaned when she broke our kiss. 

Yeah, we are, I told her, surveying the orgy. My mom was in a sixty-nine with Eloise, licking her cunt clean of that Black guy's spunk. Mrs. Rojas, Teo's mother and one of my high school's teachers, was licking out Winter's cunt. Winter was Teo's girlfriend. She had her mouth wrapped around her Latino boyfriend's cock, sucking him hard again.

Mmm, so what are we going to do with our powers next? Cherry said. After tonight's wonderful pleasure.

I don't really know, I said. Something dramatic.

We're going to change the world, aren't we? she asked, her mother sucking on more and more of my dick. 

I squeezed her ass. What do you think?

Cherry kissed me again while her mother deep-throated my dirty cock. I groaned into my girlfriend's mouth, loving her. She trembled against me. The sounds of our followers, our worshipers, rising around us.

The future could wait. Tonight, we had an orgy to enjoy. The first meeting of the Mother Fucking Club was a huge success.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ulrich Geller stepped out of the police station to find his mom waiting for him. The young man, barely into his twenties, nodded to her. She was a sexy MILF, his slut. She learned from the God Henry how a mother should act.

Thanks for bailing me out, Mom, he said. Ulrich knew there would be consequences to sending the second Halo to the God. He didn't expect President Icke to charge him with stealing company property, but being fired and excommunicated was understandable. Ulrich didn't have a choice. When Henry wanted to make Cherry into a Goddess, how could Ulrich deny his god's request? The Institute didn't understand.

He wasn't following the Plan.

Ulrich smiled as he slipped his arm around his mother's shoulder. He was following a new Plan. Henry's plan.

What do we do now? his mother asked, her voice tight. I mean... We can't go back to the Institute.

Ulrich smiled at his mother. It's simple. We're going to go join the Mother Fucking Club.

She blinked at him. Then her eyes widened. But... but that's forbidden. We're not supposed to go to the Gods, but watch them from a far. If they ever learn where the Institute is before all the Halos are sent out...

Ulrich shrugged. We're following a new Plan, Mom. Let's go.

He climbed into her car's driver seat. She hesitated outside of it. Then, with a groan, she darted into the passenger seat. Her face pale and tight, she nodded her head. Okay, Ulrich. I'm your slut. I'm with you. I want to be fucked by a God.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Deidre Icke turned off the computer. She stared up at her Master. Though he owned her, she was the person chosen by Dr. Blavatsky and his wife, Dr. Bailey, to run the Institute after their passing to the next life. It was up to her to make the decision.

Deep breath. She picked up the phone. It rang twice.

Scrying, said the tense voice of James Maxwell. His twin daughters, Cindy and Mindy, were the ones who found the Gods.

Implement the Judas Protocols. She was surprised by how calm she sounded. Her insides roiled worse than a hurricane.

There was a long pause. I understand, Deidre.

The END