Warning: This story is unsuitable for minors and contains
explicit descriptions of sexual activity considered taboo (and
illegal) in most (if not all) jurisdictions. If such activity
offends you, please DO NOT read any further.
This work is fiction, fantasy and not meant to be taken seriously
by anyone, I do not condone or approve of any illegal activity.
Sexual abuse of minors is an extremely serious issue and is not
suggested by any works or characters in this or any stories.  If
you are tempted to engage in such acts, please seek help right
away.

Thank you for taking the time to read my story, should you want
to contact me, my email (Twitchydragon44@gmail.com).  I look
forward to hearing from you, enjoy and have fun.

------------------------
The Dongo Dossier - Chapter 4 - Finding The Temple
------------------------

Thanks to Dravil and his map I shouldn't get lost now, at least I
hope not there is still my own stupidity when it comes to reading
maps to contend with but I will remain optimistic for now.  Back
in the market I pull out the map and do my best to quickly orient
myself and find the best path to the temple on the hill.  Well at
least the map is easy to read and from what I am seeing there is
a path to the temple close and from the looks of it, it should be
fairly straightforward.  So barring any distractions on the way I
should be at the temple with the hour.

Starting out I can feel I am putting a lot of confidence into my
strides as I take the path next to the one that leads me to the
back alley with the powder stall.  So I was only one path off,
well that is a small blow to my pride, but no matter I am
confident now and on my way.

Once on the path time seem to fly by, I consulted the map every
now and then to make sure I was going the right way, but just
like it said this path was very straightforward.  On this path, I
pass through crowded streets lined with busy individuals coming
and going, and through small alleys devoid of people.  But in no
time I arrived at the temple, well the square in front of the
temple.

The square was huge and packed with people, like a big park and
the first bit of green I have seen inside the city so it was a
welcome change.  In the center of the square is a large fountain
gushing water through statues of people and animals, while
surrounding the fountain were large trees and paths going in
every direction.  This is like a miniature Central Park, and it
made me feel like I was closer to home than I was at the moment.
Before going inside the temple, I think it is time to relax and
explore the greenery.  Picking a random path I start walking,
taking in the sights and sounds of nature in the big city, and as
long as I stay in the square I shouldn't get lost.

Walking in the park, let's call it a park for lack of a better
term, was a calming adventure but strangely enough, I haven't run
into any other people in a few minutes.  Maybe this park is
larger than I thought it was at first, or maybe they all have
jobs and families to get to while I have none.  Or the much more
likely reason is that I am lost again, please don't let me be
lost again.  As I turn a corner I hear something, soft and quiet
at first but as I keep going it seems to get a little louder. 
Against my better judgment, I decide to explore and find out what
is going on, so I follow the sounds and am brought to a tree. 
Well to a path that ends with a tree, and part of me says I
should hide so I decide to do so being as this is the place where
the sounds are coming from.  As I sneak closer to the tree I see
the source of the sounds, a group of boys aged twelve to fourteen
are all gathered around this tree.  That alone would not be
enough to stay, but as I sneak closer I see that each of the boys
is totally nude, ok my interest is peaked.

Finally, I am near enough to the large tree that I can see what
is going on, and the first thing I notice is that this tree is
weird and I have seen plenty of weird stuff today and this tops
it all so far.  The trunk of this tree is large enough for the
entire group of boys, from my count six, to gather around it arms
down and have a few inches from their shoulder to that of the
boys on either side.  Next odd thing is the six roots that seem
to be upturned and rising about three feet maybe back toward the
tree, and each root seems to be in line with a hole in the trunk
about the same height.  While wonder what the fuck is going on
here, the boys who were talking amongst themselves all head for
the tree and each takes an upturned root.  That is how I learned
the purpose of the roots and this tree.

Each boy took the root in their hands, which by the ways they
were pulling them around, quite flexible, and positioned the
rounded tip each of their pink rosebuds.  That act alone was hot
as fuck to watch, some boys with tighter ass cheeks having a
little trouble getting in between them.  Then a boy or two where
their cheeks didn't really touch so the rounded root tip just
slid in barely touching the boys round melons.  Then almost at
the same time, well actually at the same time, the rounded roots
all pushed into their respected boys, on their own and with no
help from the boys.  It was a chorus of moans and a few yelps as
all the kids were penetrated by the tree, and that is when the
purpose of the holes in the trunk became clear to me.

Watching closely I saw into the hole and could see light from the
other side, looks like the tree was hollow, which is odd in and
of itself but then the light was gone.  Something almost
gelatinous filled the inside of the tree and blocked the light
from the other side.  That is when each boy, whose cock had all
hardened from the excitement, and naughtiness of the situation,
stepped up and one by one inserted their hard boyhoods into the
tree.  Once again a chorus moans and grunts filled the small area
as each boy had his stiff tool engulfed by whatever the
gelatinous form was inside the tree.  As if it wasn't weird
enough all the roots, now firmly lodged inside the steaming
depths of a boy, started to move, and I mean really more and
start to pound those boys deep.  The sounds of fucking and boy
moans were amazing to hear, and the sight was wonderful to
behold, each of the kids now basically hugging the tree for
support as their cocks were sucked and their holes were fucked. 
Each boy was taking the experience a little differently than his
neighbor, but all were enjoying themselves.

One boy, the oldest it would seem at fourteen, was really getting
into his ride as he backed up his ass to meet each thrust and
thrust forward to get his dick as deep into the sucking
gelatinous mass as possible.  His black hair was short and
getting drenched in sweat as he tried to keep up his rhythm for
the most pleasure possible.  Next to him was a skinny blonde boy
of the same age, who was letting the tree do all the work, he
just held the back for support and let the root slide deeper and
deeper into his bowels.  Each time it struck his prostate he
would thrust forward a bit, and his cock would get a little
deeper into the tree, causing him to moan like a bitch in heat.

Another boy getting into his fun was a vocal twelve years old and
what appeared to be his twin brother.  Side by side they were
holding hands as the roots pounded there almost teen holes and
the tree sucked their dicks for all it was worth.  The boys were
spouting a spring of dirty talk to one another, tell the other to
take the root deeper in their pussy, or to fuck the tree harder.
But one theme was clear, they kept saying how after this the
other was going to ride his brother's cock all night.  Pretty
soon it became a competition to see who could get off first, the
loser being the bottom for the other that night.  Wish I had a
sexy brother who I could have fucked with all night.

The last two boys, both thirteen and right at the start of
puberty were both very confused at the new feelings.  From some
of the comments I could overhear and piece together this was
their first time at the tree, and neither had even jerked off
before.  One of the boys, a shy looking brunette was bracing
himself on the tree with one hand, watching his long cock
disappear inside the trunk.  While holding the root in his ass
with the other, not trying to get it out, just feeling it slide
deep and hard into his tight love canal.  The other boy, a red
head with a dusting of freckles across his shoulders was nearly
screaming in pleasure, his body being overloaded by pleasurable
feelings.  His eyes were rolling into the back of his head and
his hands had fallen to his sides as he surrendered to the
feelings.

	In no time at all the six boys all shouted out together as they
came hard and long, and I mean long the orgasm each boy had must
have lasted a full minute.  With some moving, I was able to peek
inside the tree past one of the cumming kids and see that each of
them was shooting their load and it was being sucked out by
whatever was in the tree.  For a full minute, each boy shot a
massive load, moaning and babbling incoherently as their brains
were shorting out from the pleasure.  I watched with great
interest as each of the roots shoved its way as deep as possible
into their respected boy and started to twitch and spasm on its
own, like they were cumming as well.

After a minute or two of cool down, each boy dislodged themselves
from the trunk and unhooked the root from their abused holes. 
From my place, I could see a small trail off, let's say sap drip
out of each boy's used pussies as they gathered up their clothes
and dressed.

"That was amazing," the raven haired fourteen-year-old said
pulling on his shirt.

"Shit yeah," the twins said at once, giggling at the fact as they
helped each other dress.

"I can't believe I have never tried this" one of the new
thirteen-year-olds added tieing his shoes.

"Me neither," the other newbie added.

"Well remember" the blonde fourteen-year-old starts, "this place
is our secret, don't go telling anyone ok."  All the boys nodded,
ah the bonds of trust between boys, and the secrets the keep,
such a wonderful quality.

One the boys left I decided to wait, at least for a few minutes
just to make sure that none of them came back because they forgot
something.  After about five minutes I would say it looked like
the coast was clear, I was about to get up when I heard some
footsteps.  Diving back to cover I looked up in time to see a boy
appear from the other side of the tree.  This particular kid was
different from the others, well, first of all, he and long pointy
ears and the wings coming out of his back told me he wasn't a
normal human boy.  He carried with him a jar, a large glass one
as he approached the tree that the group of human boys had just
used.

"Well done Adrilan," the fairy boy said holding up the glass jar
to the tree before setting it down in front of one of the holes.
Then a long tentacle slithered out of the hole and into the jar
and began to fill it with a pure white substance.  Only took me a
second to realize what it was, the cum from the boys who had just
been milked, wonder what was going on here.

"Wow, those boys sure were horny," the fairy said watching the
jar slowly fill, "I think this is more than last time, your magic
sap is really increasing their ability to make cum, nicely done."
 Well, this seemed like as good a time as any, to jump out and
demand answers of this strange fairy boy and his tentacle tree
pet.
	
"Um, excuse me" was the first thing I said, and it was enough to
startle the fairy kid, not so much for the tentacle still filling
the jar, "but would you mind explaining what just happened here?"

"Why" the fairy boy responds, his eyes wide with a mix of
confusion and fear, "are you related to one of those boys, are
you a city guard, because I swear I am not doing any harm."  All
I do is walk out to let him see that I am neither and shake my
head to both to make sure he knows.

"Nope, don't know those boys," I tell him, "but I sure would like
too, and I am not a guardsman, so you are in the clear, I am just
curious is all."

"Well in that case" the boy starts, his fear gone and a smile
gracing his lips, "I am Flavin, and this little park is my home,
well it is now anyways after my home tree was uprooted and
brought here.  You see all us fairies pick a tree and make it our
home, our kind of link to this world so we can live, if you lose
your tree you die and if your tree is taken, like mine you follow
it.  So here I am, me and Adrilan, he is the tree and my home. 
We came from the nearby oasis, the city apparently needed a tree
for this garden and so they took mine."

	"Ok, well that explains the why you are here questions," I say
satisfied, "now what were you doing to those boys?"

	"Well me and Adrilan were harvesting" Flavin explains, "fairies
and their trees live on cum, yep pure and simple we live and grow
stronger off of cum.  Most of my other fairy friends lure men
into the oasis and suck them dry before returning them, but I
have found a better way.  Boys, you saw them, horny as fuck all
the time and most are willing to get off any way they can, so
with some changes to Adrilan, we were able to set this up.  It
only took one boy to find it, he was lured in, fucked and sucked
dry, but instead of wiping his mind like other fairies do, I let
him keep his memories.  He came back and he brought friends, now
once a week they show up, get milked and leave.  Then I show up
and Adrilan gives me half of what he collected so we both can
grow stronger together.  With some of my magic, I was able to
make a special sap for him to pump into the boys that makes them
cum more which means more food for us."

"Well damn that is amazing, and fucking hot," was all I could
think to say to that story, "and don't worry I won't turn you
guys in, no one is hurt and the boys seem to be having a great
time."

"Thanks so much," Flavin says gratefully "I didn't get your name,
though."

"Jake, call me Jake", I tell him as he rushes forward to hug me.

"Well Jake consider yourself a friend to this fairy, and stop by
anytime you want a show, or maybe more," Flavin said slapping his
tight little fairy ass as he walked back to collect his jar of
boy cum.

"I might do that," I tell him smiling as I make my way back out
of the area.  Once I clear the path and make it back to open
square something hits me in the head.  Looking down it is a small
box, and when I open it there is a small vial and a note.

----

Dear Jake,

	Hi it's Flavin, I am writing this fast so I don't forget and I
can get it to you in time, but you were so nice a not to turn us
in I thought, and Adrilan agrees, you deserve a gift.  The vial
is filled with some fresh boy cum, as long as it stays sealed it
will be fresh and tasty whenever you may need a vial of boy cum.

Hope to see you soon,
Flavin

-----

Well, that is nice, watch a boy milking show, be nice to a nude
fairy boy and you will receive a vial of freshly milked teen boy
cum, can't say I have ever heard that saying before.  But anyways
that was hot and fun, and I made a friend, I will definitely be
stopping by again to see if that hot little fairy ass can take
some meaty human cock.  Well onto the temple now, at least it is
right there, I can't get lost walking up to the door, and going
inside.  Now that I said that a trap door will open up and I will
be lost in the sewers or something, let's hope that doesn't ever
happen.  At least not yet, I have to met Devon first and find out
finally why I am here if there is a reason, if not I will just
move in and enjoy myself.



