My Newlywed Neighbours
by Biandrandy

My newlywed neighbour was just too sweet and innocent.

They were love's young dream when they moved into the tiny cottage across the road from my house. They screwed nearly all the time when he was home and she gazed at him in worship the rest of the time. Well, he was quite beautiful in a David Bowie sort of way.

She was a stunning blond. Petite with long straight hair and a lovely rounded pair of 34Cs with an arse to match.

I could see into their bedroom from my office window and all the while the office light wasn't on they didn't bother with the curtains. I had a perfect view of her getting fucked all ways to heaven. She was insatiable. It didn't take long though for the shine to wear off.

He was moving ahead in his city job and started working stupid hours. Now that really screws up your sex-life -- been there etc... She was a free-lance graphic artist so she'd barely opened an eye in the morning before he was out the door.

I watched him fuck her awake a few times. She didn't object, she just lay there and let him get on with it and then go straight back to sleep afterwards. He soon gave up though and just let her be. By the evening she was truly gagging for it. She'd rip his clothes off as he got through the door and fuck him on the hall carpet.

On one occasion she was waiting on her knees, naked with her mouth open when he opened the door. She sucked him off in the hall without even bothering to close the door. I'm pretty sure she knew I was watching that time.

He was coming home later and later though and she soon took to wanking herself off three times a day. Within a year they were down to fucking once a month.

I thought it was about time we got better acquainted. So I ordered a small parcel and arranged to be out when it was delivered. I've got the postman pretty well trained so I knew he'd leave it at the cottage. I got home early afternoon, parked my car in the drive and quickly changed into shorts and a thin silk shirt. From the office I saw her peeking at the car and jogged downstairs.

I'd made a jug of iced tea that morning and it was just about ready. I was getting ready to serve it with some home-made biscuits when she knocked on the door... "Come in -- it's open!"

She tentatively opened the door and called out "Hi Mr Savage -- I've got your parcel."

"Hi Jenny! it's Harry -- come through."

She timidly walked into the kitchen. She was wearing a pair of cutoffs over a skimpy bikini and Greek-style leather sandals.

"Come in and have some tea." I said, pouring her a glass.

"Oh I don't want to bother you."

"Oh don't worry about that! I've just made some biscuits." I took her elbow and steered her out to my sun-lounge and installed her on the sofa. She looked great in the afternoon sun.

Now I'm no oil-painting -- a bit rugged and weatherbeaten. Nothing like her beautiful boy. But I've always been successful with the ladies and I was confident that I could get into her pants despite her being married less than a year.

I handed her a glass of tea and the plate of biscuits and plonked down at the other end of the sofa. "So how are you settling in?"

"Oh fine -- it's so lovely here."

"Yes -- a bit quiet for a hot couple like you two though." She blushed slightly at the personal reference.

"Oh no! it's just what we need. I can work in peace and it's only a two minute drive to the station for Andrew."

I noticed she said 'to the station' and not 'from the station'. She was already beginning to think of him as separate from her life.

I sat in silence and looked at her body as she finished her biscuit. She was well aware of my gaze but didn't seem too uncomfortable. She cast about for something to say. "Your garden looks lovely."

I leapt to my feet. "Come and have a look." I took her hand as she opened her mouth to protest and eased her to her feet. "Bring your tea." She followed me out of the sun-lounge doors and down the garden path.

I kept hold of her hand as we walked side-by-side through the garden. She was chatting happily about all the plants and trees and the little hidden dells. Then we rounded the high hedge at the bottom of the garden into my sun-bathing area.

She gasped at the view across farmland and the Weald to the distant South Downs and the sea. "What a view!"

"It's a great spot. You can sunbath here to your heart's content with no prying eyes."

"You sunbath nude? you're a bad man!"

"It doesn't do anyone any harm. You should try it. There's a shower and fresh towels in that shed. Help yourself." She looked where I was pointing to my bath-house half hidden behind the bushes.

"Oh I couldn't!"

"Yes! Go on! No one can see you here. You can use it as much as you like. Use the side gate if I'm not in." I could see she was tempted. "Anyway I've got to go and finish off a report. Stay as long as you want." I patted her back and headed for the house. She moved to follow me but stopped and folded her arms as I walked away.

When I got to my office I was pleased to see that she hadn't spotted the security camera up in the big Norway maple. Ok it wasn't hidden but not obvious either. She was laying on one of my beech-wood steamer chairs wearing a sun hat that I kept in the bath-house for guests.

She gave it ten minutes before she she glanced around and removed her bikini top. Twenty minutes later she was starkers wearing just my hat and a big smile.

I gave her an hour to toast. I was whistling loudly as I approached my little sun-trap. When I rounded the corner she was standing wearing a bath towel round her waist. Her ripe tits were proudly on display. "I've brought you some more tea."

She smiled taking the glass "You're spoiling me Harry." She sat. "That's not just a shed! You've got a sauna in there."

"Hmmm -- a weakness of mine I'm afraid. Perfect for summer and winter."

"Yes -- I love a good sauna -- Andrew hates it."

"Well we've got time before he gets home -- let's fire it up."

"Oh no!"

"Yes! Why not? - Let's do it."

I went and switched on the electric heater. It would take half an hour to get up to temperature. We sat side by side and chatted. After five minutes she excused herself and came back wearing her bikini bottoms. I'd have those off soon as well.

We chatted idly in the sunshine for half an hour. I got her talking about her work and her family. There's nothing like being a good listener to get a woman relaxed. The sauna would be just about ready so I excused myself and went into the bath-house.

I came back wearing a terrycloth robe. I'd lost the shorts and underneath I was nude. I flung another robe in her lap. "Come on! Time for some heat."

She tried to protest "Oh no! I shouldn't" but when I took her hand and pulled her to her feet she didn't resist. She clutched the robe to her chest as I led her into the bath-house.

Inside there was a small changing room. She'd already left most of her clothes in there. I pointed. "Go on. In there and get your robe on." She was gone a while. I knew what she was worrying about. She needed to loose the panties. Otherwise they'd be drenched in sweat and not nice to walk home in. Of course, she could go home in just her cut-offs...

She came out wearing the robe and looking slightly pink -- good news!. At the door to the sauna I slipped off my robe and hung it on the peg on the door. I'd let my cock get very slightly engorged. Not enough to be scary but just enough to show off it's size. She gazed at it until she realized what she was doing and went bright red.

I helped her off with her robe and she scooted through the door. I picked up a couple of fresh towels from the shelf and followed her in. I tossed her a towel and laid mine on one of the lower benches. She spread her towel and sat opposite me.

She chatted for a few minutes but the heat started to get to her and she trailed into silence. After ten minutes I stood and ladled some water on to the stones. My cock was at her eye level about two feet in front of her face. She licked the sweat off her upper lip.

Another ten minutes or so and it was time too cool down. "Come on Jenny. Time for some cold water. I don't have a plunge-pool I'm afraid but the shower is good." We left our towels and I led her naked to the wet room. I turned on all the jets and we stood in the centre and let the needles of water massage our skin.

Back in the sauna I set out my towel on the middle bench and ladled on some more water she gasped as the steam hit her. "Lay down on your front and I'll do your back." I picked up a loofah mitt. She laid out her towel and lay down. Cradling her cheek on her hands.

The sweat was beading on her back. I rubbed her down from her shoulder, down her back, over her buttock and down to her foot. I had a bit of a scrub at the hard skin on her heel and went back for another stripe. She sighed "That feels wonderful!".

"Well let me know when you've had enough." I worked on her back for ten minutes. "There you are. you're done." She turned over and lay on her back, arms by her sides. "Oh this is a bit rough for these." I chucked the mitt over by the door and pulled on a pair of soft terry gloves.

"This is what we need." I massaged her neck and shoulders, wiping the sweat off her skin. She moaned as my gloved hands cupped her breasts. I moved down over her belly and thighs. I avoided touching her mons and I could read the mixture of relief and disappointment as I thoroughly rubbed everything except the bits that most needed attention. I knew that were she home she'd have wanked herself off a couple of times by now.

I ladled on some more water and lay down on the top bench. She turned back onto her stomach but stayed where she was and looked up at me. Another fifteen minutes and the sauna was close to top temperature; we'd had about enough. If I'd been on my own I'd have had another cold shower and a third session but I didn't know how used to it she was so I decided it was time to move on a stage.

I climbed down. "Come on, time to cool off." I smacked her arse -- not too hard -- and led her out. We went back into the wet room. I turned on all the jets and we enjoyed the cold needles again. As we cooled down I adjusted the jets. I turned off the side jets, turned the overheads to soft bubbles and gently turned up the temperature until it was hot and steamy.

I reached into the dry compartment and brought out a bar of unscented soap -- I didn't want her smelling suspicious when she got home. I soaped her body. She shivered despite the warmth of the water as I smoothed soap over her breasts. No gloves this time, she was enjoying my bare hands on her body.

When I got to her belly I didn't stop this time. I ran my hand over her mound and soaped up her cunt. She gasped and had a bit of a squirm. But I was standing behind her with my semi-hard cock pressed between her buttocks so she'd have to be a bit more forceful if she wanted to escape. I cupped her right breast with my left hand across her body as I gently massaged her soapy clit with my right hand.

She arched her neck backwards over my shoulder "Oh -- you're so bad. Don't make me!"

I nuzzled her neck. "I won't make you do anything." I released her and washed her down with the hand shower. "Come on." I led her to the changing area and rubbed her down with a fresh towel from the hot box on the side of the sauna. "Time for a bit more sun." I led her outside and she lay back naked on my steamer chair. I left her there and went to mix some cocktails.

How did my young, newly married neighbour end up naked in the sauna with me? How will I get her legs open? What will her husband think? If you want to know what happens then read the whole thing -- it's only half a credit!

I mixed a couple of margaritas and carried them outside. She was laying with her knees raised and her legs open. She was lightly stroking her clit. I stood beside her chair with my cock next to her cheek as I handed her a drink. She stared at my cock and licked her lips.

"Here's to sunshine!" I clinked glasses and sat on the other chair. We sipped in silence a bit. She was still watching my cock. I reached down and gently peeled back my foreskin between thumb and forefinger. I was hardening up. She dropped her hand back in her lap and teased her clit.

We both stroked ourselves gently as we finished our drinks and set down our glasses. Then I stood up and took her hand. I pulled her to her feet and into my arms. I kissed her gently. A long lingering kiss. Then I broke the kiss and led her quickly towards the house. She trotted behind me wearing just her sandals.

"Are you going to fuck me now?"

"Oh yes!"

"What about my husband?"

"Is he into threesomes? Bring him round and I'll fuck him too."

"Oh! you're so bad! you're just going to fuck me. Just like that?" We'd reached the sun lounge.

I turned her to face me and took her in my arms. "Just like this!" I kissed her again -- a bit harder this time -- and pulled her to the floor. She was on her back, knees up and wide. Her cunt was open and glistening with juice.

"Are you wet enough or do you want to suck this first?" I was kneeling between her knees holding my hard cock out towards her.

"Give it to me!" She sat up and reached for my cock.

She held my cock in her right hand and cupped my balls with her left. "This is the biggest one I've seen."

"Really? You've not got any porn?"

"Oh yes. Andrew's got loads but this is the biggest I've seen in real life." She was very gently wanking my foreskin gently back and forth over the head. "This is the first one I've had with a foreskin." She bent her head, pulled my foreskin back and sucked me in.

She suckled happily on my cock for a few minutes. Then raised her head and looked me in the eyes. "I really shouldn't let you fuck me. I don't really know how this has happened."

"But you will -- won't you."

"Yes. Do it to me now!" She lay back propped up on her elbows. Knees high and wide again. I dropped forward and lined up my cock.

"Shove it in me!"

I rubbed the head of my cock up and down between her cunt-lips then slipped the head inside. She groaned loudly.

"That's so big. Give me more!"

I pushed all the way in with one strong steady stroke until I was balls deep in my neighbour. I laid my weight on her body and whispered in her ear. "You're a tight little cunt aren't you?"

"Am I? I like being a tight little cunt. Fuck your tight little cunt hard."

I started to fuck her -- not fast -- long steady strokes. Grinding my pubes into her clit every time I bottomed out in her slick little cunt.

"Where do you want my cum?"

"Anywhere you want! Shove it deep inside me if you want."

"Are you baby-proof?"

"No, we've been trying for a baby for ages. Knock me up if you want -- he'll never know." She had her thighs pulled right back her knees as wide as they'd go. She was totally open for me. I speeded up a bit. "Oh you're good at that! Keep fucking me, I'm going to cum soon."

I picked up the speed steadily until I was slamming my full length into her. Her head was arched back and she started to shake. I could feel her tight cunt gripping my cock. I timed my thrusts so that I was deep in every time her cunt contracted. She started to wail as she came. Her orgasm went on for ages.

Eventually she started to ease off. I buried myself deep inside her and let go. I pumped my muck into her unprotected cervix. Load after load.

"Fuck me! That's it! Shoot it all into me. Knock me up. Give me a lovely baby girl."

I finished cumming inside her. "Lift up your bum." As I pulled out she lifted her hips and I slipped a cushion under her. "That will keep my cum inside for a while. Give them all time to swim into your belly."

She grinned happily and bent to look at her cummy cunt. "Let me clean your cock." I knelt at her head and she gently sucked and licked me clean. "Your cum is sweet and spicy so our daughter will be too." She smiled up at me. "I wasn't expecting any of this when I took in your parcel."

I laid down beside her and kissed her softly on the lips. She pulled away "Careful! I'm all cummy. You'll get cum in your mouth." I snogged her hard pushing my tongue inside and tasting our combined juices.

"What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander. If you weren't using my cum already I'd suck it all out of you and feed it to you."

"Oh you bad man! Would you really do that? Andrew makes me clean my teeth after I've sucked him off."

"Does he eat you out?"

"No -- he doesn't fancy it."

"What about your previous boyfriends -- any of them any good at rug-munching?"

"Rug munching! You are priceless! No. I've never had it."

"Then next time I'll spend the whole afternoon with my tongue inside you."

"Will you?" Her eyes shone with excitement. "What makes you think there'll be a next time?"

"Ok. If that's how you feel. I can get all the pussy I need." I sat up.

"Oh no! I didn't mean it! I'll come and fuck you everyday if you'll let me. Once we know I'm pregnant you can cum in my mouth or in my bum if you want."

"And what about Andrew?"

"Oh don't worry about him. I fucked him about a week ago but he won't've knocked me up. We've been trying for a year and he hasn't managed it yet. I won't fuck him again until I know I'm pregnant by you."

"And how are you going to stop him?"

"He never fucks me anymore unless I force him to. I'll just stop asking. I doubt he'll notice."

"So if you do get knocked up why do you need to know it's mine?"

"It might be a boy and I want him to have a cock like yours not like his. And when He's old enough You'll have to find a woman to teach him how to fuck like you."

"OK -- but I want to meet him. Bring him round for dinner in two weeks time."

She looked wary. "Why? What are you going to do?"

"Don't you trust me? Don't worry I'll invite a lady-friend. It'll be a nice foursome."

"A foursome? you're not expecting me to fuck him in front of you are you? 'Cause that's never going to happen!"

"No. Don't worry. That's not the plan."

It was a fortnight since I'd first fucked my neighbour Jenny on the floor of my sun-lounge. Now here she was, dressed to the nines in a slinky red silk dress. With her long blond hair up and her husband Andrew in tow. He was dressed 'smart/casual' in jeans, a green cotton shirt and a blazer.

I knew that Jenny's period was due that day and she'd told me she was pretty regular. As I kissed her cheek she whispered in my ear "Still OK!" She was hoping that I'd made her pregnant.

I led them into the sitting room and introduced them to 'my girlfriend' Julia. Actually she was my kid sister. She was the wild one of the family and when I told her I wanted someone to take care of Andrew she was well up for it. Jenny was expecting me to have another woman present but seemed a bit crestfallen. I supposed she wasn't expecting to meet someone as stunning as she.

Julia was dressed in a tight fitting Vietnamese ao dai in pale green silk. Split to the waist with matching french knickers. That's all she was wearing. Her long dark hair was gathered at the back and fell to her waist.

She gave Andrew a frank stare and a broad open smile. He actually stammered when he introduced himself.

I'd cooked a fancy Thai meal and it went very well. Julia and me kept the conversation light but kept slipping in a bit of sexy innuendo. Jenny looked a bit shell shocked and Andrew could hardly contain himself. He was obviously panting to get his cock into my sister. Jenny could see that and was looking increasingly uncomfortable. She obviously had no idea what was coming.

After dinner we sat in the lounge. Julia and Andrew had the sofa. She was sitting very close to him. Jenny and I had an armchair each. We'd had a round of G&Ts and then killed a couple of bottles of wine over dinner. Julia and Andrew were quite tipsy. What Andrew didn't know was that Jenny's tonic didn't have any gin in it -- she might be pregnant after all -- and neither did mine. I'd had a couple of glasses of wine but Jenny had had one small glass and she'd drunk very little of that. Andrew was nose deep into his second large brandy and was feeling little pain.

Julia was whispering in his ear but loud enough for us to catch the drift.

Poor bastard didn't really stand a chance.

Julia was probing him on what sort of porn he liked. She was asking all the questions. He was just nodding. She had her tit pressed against his arm. The ao dai was close-fitted up to the neck and buttoned down the side. He couldn't see anything but he could feel her breasts through the thin silk. No bra in evidence. He was squirming to hide a hard erection.

She whispered: "Do you like to see a woman getting fucked." A nod. "Would you like to see me getting fucked." A gulp. "Would you like to see me getting fucked while my husband watches?"

He put his hand on her knee seemingly oblivious to Jenny watching from close by. Jenny looked at me. She seemed about to intervene. I shook my head very slightly and she sat back.

"Take your hands off me! You don't get to do anything without my permission! Understand?" He put his hands in his lap and surreptitiously rubbed his cock.

"Would you like to see me spunked in. Would you like to see someone else's sperm running down my thighs?" He nodded again. "Tell me!"

He croaked very quietly "Yes!"

"Will you do anything I want?"

Another whispered "Yes." he gazed into her eyes.

"Sit at my feet." He glanced round and seemed to notice Jenny and me at last. He looked like a rabbit in the headlights.

"Sit! or you won't get anything!" He scrambled to the floor and leaned against her knees looking up at her. "Good boy." She leaned over to her handbag and retrieved a dog collar and lead. He sat tamely while she buckled it round his neck.

Jenny was watching intently. I still don't think she knew what was coming but she'd stopped objecting; even silently.

"Now. Would you like to see someone getting fucked?" She'd raised her voice we could hear her clearly now. He nodded still gazing up at her.

"Harry, show this worm what a real cock looks like." I stood up and unzipped. I pulled out my half-hard cock. "See that worm?" He nodded. "Is yours like that?" A shake. "Get it out lets have a look at it." He glanced at Jenny then knelt and pulled his cock out. It looked painfully hard. It was a good couple of inches short of mine and quite a bit thinner. He started to wank. "Stop!" He dropped it like a hot potato. "If you cum worm then you can just go home and leave us to have all the fun." He left his cock alone and gazed at mine.

"It's a beautiful cock isn't it?" He nodded. "Speak up worm."

"It is a beautiful cock Julia."

"You can call me Miss Julia worm. What do you want that cock to do? Do you want to watch it fuck?" She paused waiting.

"Yes please Miss Julia. I would like to see it fucking."

"And what do you think it should be fucking worm?"

"Erm.. Your... vagina?"

"You filthy worm! I've a good mind to send you home!" He whimpered slightly. "You want me to fuck my big brother's cock? You're disgusting!"

"Erm... I.. I didn't know he was your brother Miss Julia."

Jenny turned to look at me. She pointed to Julia and mouthed "Your sister?" I whispered "Tell you later" and she grinned. She was starting to enjoy herself.

"So what do you want to see that cock doing worm."

"I d... don't know miss Julia..."

"Shall we ask Harry to put his beautiful cock away worm?" He shook his head.

"Shall we ask him to fuck you in the arse worm?"

"Oh no Miss Julia! Not that! Please not that!"

"So what shall we ask him to do with it?"

"Fuck Jenny?"

"You want Harry to take his big, beautiful cock and use it to fuck your pretty little wife. Is that it?"

"Yes please Miss Julia."

"Well let's ask Jenny what she wants."

Jenny looked at Julia, then Andrew in a dog collar, kneeling at her feet with his pathetic little cock out. Then at me.

I held out my hand. Jenny stood and raised the hem of her dress. She hooked her thumbs in her knickers and pulled them down. She dropped them on the floor, bent down and picked them up. She walked over to me and put them in my hand.

We were standing in the middle of the floor with Andrew looking up at us. She turned her back to me, bent at the waist and lifted her skirt up over her bum. I had a great view of her perfect bottom with the fur of her cunt peeking out between her thighs.

I held her hips and manoeuvred slightly to give Andrew the best view of my cock lined up with his wife's cunt. I waited.

"Well worm? What is it you want to see?"

"Please Miss Julia, I want to see his beautiful cock fucking Jenny's cunt."

"Then you'd better ask him then hadn't you?"

"Please Har.. Please Mr Harry, please fuck my wife for me."

I eased forward and nudged at Jenny's cunt. She moved her feet apart and reached between her legs. She took hold of my cock and guided it into her cunt. As I pressed forward I found that her cunt was dripping wet. I slid in easily. All the way.

Jenny grasped her ankles and held on tight as I rocked her backwards and forwards on my rod. Andrew shuffled forward a bit to get a better view of me penetrating his bride. His hand moved towards his cock.

"Don't touch! You cum and this stops! Do you want Jenny to be frustrated?" He dropped his cock and laced his fingers behind his back. Jenny turned her head and watched him as I fucked her. I could feel her cootch tightening up again. The hot little bitch was ready to cum. I started to fuck her faster. Long hard strokes -- just what she liked.

"See that worm? He's going to make you wife cum all over his cock."

"Yes Miss Julia. I can see."

"Do you want him to shoot her belly full of hot baby-batter worm."

"No Miss Julia -- he might get her pregnant!"

"OK. That's all right." His shoulders relaxed in relief. "So do you want him to shoot all his hot spunk in your mouth or your arse worm."

"Oh please no Miss Julia. Not that please! Not in me!"

"Where then?"

"In Jenny. In Jenny's mouth."

"If Jenny's going to take his load don't you think she should get to choose where?"

Jenny was getting very close to exploding.

"In my cunt! Shoot it in my cunt! Fuck me hard! Aaaarrrrrrr!" I pounded into her as she started to cum and I unloaded in her. I'd not quite finished when her knees buckled and she slid to the floor. The last few drops of spunk sprayed across her lovely tanned bum.

There was a desperate cry from Andrew as his cock twitched and he shot his load over my floor. His hands were still behind his back.

"You filthy worm! Look what you've done to Harry's carpet." He started to weep. "Go home worm! I'll see to you in the morning." She unsnapped the lead from his collar and he scuttled out of the door.

I helped Jenny up and we claimed the sofa while Julia curled up on my chair. I served more brandy. Jenny had a glass of ginger beer.

"Harry was right! You really are a hot little cunt aren't you?"

"I am for him! He can have me anyway he wants. Are you really his sister?"

"Is that what's really important here?"

"For a moment I really thought you were going to fuck him yourself. I was a tiny bit jealous."

"No honey. Harry and I haven't fucked since we were teenagers. I'm a bit old for him now. He likes to fuck juicy young cunts like you."

Jenny looked up at me. "I'm only a day late but I'm sure you've got me pregnant."

"That's great lover but what's Andrew going to say?"

Julia answered for her. "Don't you worry about Andrew. He'll do what ever I tell him."
