ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 8

Do you know what I discovered, as I was standing in front of the Sullivans? You're not sure what to do with your arms and hands, when you're naked, in the presence of clothed people. For example: If I held my hands together behind my back, I might be seen as some little tramp who was proud of her erect, rock-hard nipples, and was flaunting them. If I cross my arms in front of my chest, I may be perceived as a girl who was ashamed of her tiny breasts, and therefore was concealing them. I could clasp my hands together if front of me, but then the observer might believe I was covering my pussy, because I was a bit embarrassed that I had shaved off every last stubble of my pubic hair. Now....If I were dressed, I could put my hands in my pockets, or have one hand holding the strap of my purse, as it was slung over my shoulder. The options seemed endless, but the reality was that I was completely naked in front of the two dressed instructors.

I decided on the latter, and clasped my hands together, and relaxed my arms. My hands lay right in front of my crotch, concealing my smooth, bald pussy, as I looked up at the two tall strangers. Mrs. Sullivan leaned over, and asked me, "Jenifer. Can we speak privately for a moment, in the hallway?" "I can't go out there! I'm naked!", was my intemperate and ill-timed response! I had been desperately trying not to come off as some argumentative little brat, yet there I was, and all eyes were now on me. Seconds later I heard, Kevin, the four art students and Mrs. Slate, call out in unison, "YOU ARE NOT NAKED! YOU ARE NUDE! YOU ARE NOT NAKED! YOU ARE NUDE!" I quickly gathered myself together, then looked to Mrs. Sullivan, and said, "I'm so sorry Mrs. Sullivan, of course we can talk in the hallway", as I followed the couple out into "The Abyss". At least that's how it felt to me at the time.

As we walked out into the hallway, I noticed it was quite a bit cooler than the classroom. The air conditioning vents were blowing extremely cold air from the ceiling, and they seemed to be pointed directly at me. The tile floor beneath my feet, felt much colder than the tile floor in the classroom. They were both stark reminders of my public exposure, as I waited to hear what the Sullivan's wanted to talk to me about. My nipples were now becoming even more erect, from the chill in the air. as they remained on display for the tall, clothed, couple. Mrs. Sullivan re-introduced herself as Elaine, and her husband as Robert. She then asked me, "Jenifer. Do you know who "Felix Laconia" is?" Having no idea, I simply replied, "I'm sorry, but no I don't".

Robert and Elaine, both looked at each other, as if I had just confessed, I didn't know who "George Washington" was. Robert spoke for the first time that afternoon, and said, "Jenifer. Felix Laconia is an Italian painter and sculptor. He is without a doubt, the foremost artist in all of Europe today, and has been for almost forty years. Anyway. I've met him several times at his exhibitions, and on occasion, met with him privately. His regular correspondence e-mail stated he's looking for a model for his "San Franscico Exhibit" next month. The description in the e-mail, suggested he would like his next model to have a physique similar to yours. That's why Mrs. Slate thought we would be interested in meeting with you today. I was completely dumbfounded by Robert's attempt to explain things to me, when Elaine jumped in and said, "Jenifer. Felix Laconia wants to meet you on 'FaceTime' right now".

Knowing I had only filled in as a "Life Model', because of my inner desire to experience of sensation of being the 'Only One Naked!', (O.k. O.k. I admit it!) had me now realizing; "This whole thing was spinning 'Way' out of control!". I hadn't yet made a peep, and was contemplating my situation, when I heard, "Yes Mr. Laconia. She's right here", Robert said, into his phone. "Felix! Call me Felix!", came the broken English, of an old Italian man, though the speaker of Robert's cell phone. "Tell her to remove her robe so I can see her!", he asserted. "Well, Felix. It's Sunday here in the States, so all laundry from the college has been sent out for cleaning. Jenifer isn't wearing a robe". "Confidence. I like that", Felix replied. "Now show me the girl!", he insisted!

Elaine took the cell phone from Robert. She then looked at me, with the most reassuring expression, and mouthed the words, "It will be fine, Jenifer". "Hi Felix. This is Elaine". she said, into Robert's phone. "I'm going to turn you over to Jenifer now. She's the model we thought might be appropriate for your 'San Franscico Exhibit". Elaine started to turn the phone towards me. Before I could complain, a seventy-year-old Italian man appeared on the screen and was looking at me through 'Face Time'. He was bald and had a white beard, about half the length of Santa's. All I could see was his face. "Hello Jenifer. I'm Felix", he said. Elaine handed the phone to Robert, then ran right over to me. "Jenifer!", she whispered. "Just smile and let Felix do the talking", appearing more nervous than the naked girl, standing next to her.

Robert faced the phone towards Elaine and me. I thought I would die of embarrassment, knowing Felix was now able to see my completely naked body. I did as Elaine had suggested. I smiled and let him do the talking, still holding my hands in front of my clean-shaven pussy. "Put your hands to your sides and turn around, Jenifer", were his first instructions. I did as he said, feeling quite humiliated yet aroused by the experience. I could not believe I has standing totally naked, in the hallway of a public college, as my naked image was being broadcast across the Atlantic, via cell phone. Just as I was finally able to mentally and emotionally enjoy my circumstances, Mrs. Slate stepping into the hallway, and said, "We're ready now Jenifer. Please resume your pose".

Having no idea of what to do, I heard Felix say to me, "On with you now, young lady! Don't leave the class waiting!" I immediately walked straight into the classroom, placed my feet where they had been earlier. I leaned over and placed my hands on Kevin's left knee and his right hand, as I had before, revealing my ass cheeks and pussy lips to any and all that were in attendance, weather by satellite or in person. I had no idea why I was trembling after meeting the eccentric old artist, except that I thought he must be someone of importance, based on the way the Sullivan's talked about him. Or maybe it was the fact that I was 'BARE ASS NAKED!'

The look in Kevin's eyes, conveyed a rear concern for my well-being. "Jenifer. Are you O.k.?" I perceived his eyes to ask, without hearing a sound. "I didn't know! I mean I really didn't know!", I thought to myself. I wasn't even sure if I would pose today, yet I have been totally naked for almost two hours! I've had four student artists, Mrs. Slate, the Sullivans and of course Felix Laconia, whoever he is, not to mention Kevin, viewing every square inch of my naked body, for quite some time now. I was no longer able to deny it. I was completely turned on by the experience! Knowing they all had the opportunity to see me in my most vulnerable state, was elevating me to the point of becoming soaking wet between my thighs, at the most inopportune time possible. I struggled, but I was able to remain in position, as Kevin and I fell back into character.

The silence in the room was broken by a 'Brash, Deep Italian Voice', coming through Robert's cell phone speaker. My eyes popped wide open, as I waited to hear what Felix would say next. "Take me around the room. And whatever you do Robert, do not disturb the class!", were the easily heard, but hard to understand words of the elderly European artist. No one dared laugh, but we all saw the irony in it. Robert slowly walked around the room, circling the area that surrounded the modeling space and the four student artists, as he continued to send my image to the eccentric Italian painter. I couldn't see from my perspective, but I knew he had stopped somewhere right behind me. All I could wonder to myself was, "Is he zooming in on my bare ass and pussy lips? Was he giving Felix a closer look at my most private areas? Was any of this being recorded? If so, who might end up seeing me in such a compromising position?" My questions only served to heighten my senses of vulnerability, shame and arousal, all at the same time.

All of a sudden, I heard Felix's deep Italian voice, say, "She'll be a nice addition to my exhibit. See to it she grows some pubic hair and have her in San Franscico on the 9th of next month. Chow!" And with that, he closed down his 'Face-Time' , leaving me staring at Kevin, surprised, unable to react and wondering what I had gotten myself into. It seemed like forever until the posing segment came to an end, but I finally heard Mrs. Slate announce, "O.k. class. Let's take a short break". I stood up and stretched as usual, just to find Elaine and Robert Sullivan were still standing by the classroom door. Assuming they were probably waiting to speak with me again. I figured I may as well get it over with, so marched my 'Bare Ass' passed them and out into the hallway, right smack into the view of two young male cleaning personnel, who were mopping the hallway floors. Based on their expressions, they were taking in every last inch of my naked flesh, as I rolled my eyes, thinking, "This day couldn't possibly get any more humiliating!"

Elaine and Robert followed right behind me, closing the classroom door behind them. Can you believe it? The first time all day that door had been shut, and I was on the outside of it, in full view of the two young male building maintenance employees. I felt trapped yet somehow obligated to hear what the Sullivans had to say. Elaine must have noticed the anxiety in my expression, because she said, "This is good experience for a novice 'Life Model', Jenifer. The practice will serve you well in the future". At this point, I realized there was no use in getting uptight about the situation. Everyone around me seemed to think my public nudity was 'Normal', if not perhaps even 'Customary' in the atmosphere of a 'Life Model' class. I figured I may as well attempt to enjoy the experience.

I put my hands on my hips, keeping myself fully exposed to the Sullivans, while discretely spreading my feet apart just enough to allow the two male spectators behind me, a view of the gap between my thighs. Everyone expected me to be casual and comfortable in my nakedness, so I defiantly decided I will do, just that! Robert was the first to speak when he said, "I know you are not all that familiar with the 'Art World', especially when it comes to 'Life Modeling', Jenifer, but believe me, a chance to pose for Felix Laconia is an honor and a privilege". "It really is a big deal, Jenifer", Elaine added. I took a moment to walk around a bit, appearing to be contemplating the proposal but in reality, I was displaying as many angles as possible of my naked form, for the two men who were mopping the floors.

I even went as far as to stop and look towards the Sullivans for a moment, as if I were prepared to give them my answer, then resumed my little naked walk on the cold tile floors of the hallway, near the closed classroom door. In truth, I had no intention of going to San Franscico to pose naked for the creepy old Italian painter, no matter how famous he was. But I figured why waste the opportunity to parade around naked like this? Afterall! How often was I going to have a chance be 'Naked in public', with no threat of reprisals. I was appreciating my naughty little escapade, while becoming aroused, when Mrs. Slate opened the classroom door, and once again interrupted one of the few pleasurable moments, I had experienced all afternoon.

"Time to take your pose again, Jenifer", she said. "Of course, it was", I thought to myself. As I walked back to the modeling area and re-took my pose, the Sullivans followed me back into the classroom, leaving the door open behind them. "At least I'll have the opportunity to go back out into the hallway, after this segment", I thought to myself. The segment ended, and I once again found myself start naked in the hallway with the Sullivans. "Elain said, "Jenifer. When Mrs. Slate called me, and described you as "A little Peter Pan, but with a vagina", I knew right away that Robert and I had to meet you. "She called and told you that?", I asked in a somewhat annoyed tone.

I knew Mrs. Slate had called the Sullivans. She told me that herself. But to call them and describe me as, "A little Peter Pan, but with a vagina", was more than a little inappropriate! I would have been less insulted if she called them, and said, "I have a first-time model down here at the college. She's petite, barely 105 pounds or so, and has tiny size "A" breasts, but with wonderful nipples. She has a very suitable derriere for modeling and legs that fit her physique perfectly. She has jet-black hair that's cut very short, in the pixie style. Oh....And she has a completely clean-shaven vagina". Instead....the Sullivans received their first description of my body, by a seventy-year-old woman who thinks Peter Pan should have been a girl.

I was so set back by Elaine's admission about Mrs. Slate's phone call, I barely noticed the two maintenance men were now working further down the hallway. Oh....But now there were three of them. Elaine immediately perceived I was perturbed and came to Mrs. Slate's defense. "Jenifer dear. Those of us in the art world, especially those trying to keep the art of 'True Life Modeling' alive, are a tight knit group. We have to be! 'Life Modeling' often gets confused with or swallowed up by the pornography industry. You see, even though we are a global community, our numbers are small, so we stay closely connected with like-minded artists, around the world. Mrs. Slate's description of your physique was not meant with any malice whatsoever. It was just her way of portraying how she viewed your unique physical characteristics. Having knowledge of the specifics Felix had posted, concerning the physical criteria he had for his next model, she felt you might be a match. That's all".

"Why doesn't he just bring someone from Europe with him? Better yet, and most likely more efficient, why not paint her in Europe, then transport the painting over here? I'm sure there must be others he's bringing with him, for the exhibit?" Robert replied, "Jenifer. Felix Laconia will only paint a woman who is from the country he is painting in. If he's painting in Germany, the girl must be German. If he is in Portugal, she's Portuguese. He's going to be in San Francsico soon, so he wants and will have, an American to pose for the event". I never heard a sound, outside of Robert's promotion of 'The Great' Felix Laconia, when the third member of the cleaning crew had just walked behind me, on his way to the custodian's closet, which was located just ten feet from the door of classroom #305.

The young man opened the closet door, grabbed a spray bottle of cleaner and a rag, then closed the door and headed back our way. You didn't need to be a detective to notice all three men had their own mops and buckets just down the hallway. Therefore, this young man's errand to retrieve the spray bottle and rag, was solely for the purpose of getting a closer look at my naked body. I found myself only too happy to oblige, as I indulged my new-found desire to display my naked physique for complete strangers. How I had fallen in my own estimation, as I went from being the modest woman I was only yesterday, to some kind of 'Nymph', that was harboring an uncontrollable impulse to be naked in public, today.

As the young man started to walk around us, while attempting to appear nonchalant concerning his mission to retrieve the spray bottle and rag, I stopped him in his tracks. "Excuse me", I said, watching him trying to process what was going on. "Is there a water fountain on this floor? As you can see, I am modeling for the art class, but due to a small mix up, I have no robe. I saw a fountain on the first floor, when we entered to school earlier, but I can hardly walk down there like this", allowing him a full-frontal view of my rock-hard nipples and clean-shaven pussy. He just looked down at the floor, replied, "I'm not sure", then hurried back down the hallway to the safety of his mop and bucket. I was loving it!

Elaine immediately picked up on what I was doing, and said, "You know Jenifer. There's another reason Felix Laconia doesn't paint his 'Life Models' prior to his exhibitions. Heaven knows, he already has more completed works than he could ever display in one location. He paints his models during the exhibition itself". "While the exhibit is open to the public?", I asked, in a bewildered tone. "Yes dear", was her reply. "You see Jenifer", she continued, "There's little or no socializing between Felix and the audience. He's a very private person, and those attending the exhibits are there to not only view his incredible paintings and sculptures, but also to witness 'The Master Himself', at work. I squeaked out my reply, now being quite curious, "I suppose he finds a small corner in which to paint his subjects".

"No Dear", she responded. "The paintings and sculptures are displayed on or near the outer interior walls of the venue, which is usually a large 'Event Room' in some prominent hotel, located in the city that's holding the exhibition. Felix paints his subject in the middle of the large spaces, allowing the spectators to study his completed works, while having the rare opportunity of actually watching him execute his incredible skills. The exhibits have top notch security, considering the monetary value of his works, and are usually limited to about 100 to 150 guests at a time". "150 guests? I could be posing in a room with 150 fully clothed spectators, not to mention the security detail, while completely naked?", I thought to myself. Elaine had stepped up her game, and I was getting wet just thinking about it.

As usual, Mrs. Slate called me in to continue posing, just at the time I was feeling sexually excited. I took my position in the second to last segment, unable to control my thoughts. I knew I was now seriously thinking about posing for Felix, but what would Paul say? How much of today's experience do I reveal to my husband? Would I be able to bring him to the exhibition? Could we get the time off from our jobs? I had dozens of questions but no real answers. I now found myself embarking on a quest to find the answers that may lead up to me posing nude, in front of dozens and dozens of fully dressed people. I could barely control my emotions as the modeling segment came to an end.

