"You owe me this much," Harry said.

"We already agreed that I owed you nothing. Weeks ago."

"Fine, not me, then -- you owe it to him. I named him after you."

"I hardly think that you can blame me for..."

"He's my son, Severus. I need you to meet him. You taught at Hogwarts for how many years? You can manage a conversation with one child."

"You have three."

"Albus first. If I brought Lily, she would talk and talk and then you wouldn't get to know him. Besides, I already told Al there was someone I wanted him to meet." Harry smiled, far too private a smile for such a public place. "Stay and I promise I'll make it worth your while later."

Severus made a strangled sound in his throat. "Potter, I do not--there is no quid pro quo in this relationsh---I do not prostitute myself, or you."

"Good," Harry said. His eyes were positively twinkling, which gave Severus uncomfortable pause. "Thank you."

Had he just agreed to meet the boy? As though he hadn't observed him hundreds of times. Potter didn't know that, though.

Albus wasn't a bad fellow, as little boys went. Only a person who had had a truly dreadful childhood would want to avoid meeting him. The fact that Severus had taught school for a decade and a half didn't stop him from wishing he could avoid all contact with children.

His father brought young Albus into the sandwich shop with a hand on his shoulder, as though steering him. Harry was the sort of parent who presented his offspring with the air of having won an argument, as though he were saying, "See, I told you he was wonderful."

"Al, this is Severus Snape. Professor Snape, this is Albus Severus Potter."

"How do you do," the boy said, his voice still soprano and his eyes large in his head.

"Very well, thank you, how are you," Severus responded automatically.

"I'm glad you aren't dead after all," the boy said. They looked at each other. Astonishingly, the boy smiled at him.

He had thought that Albus looked very much like his father, who in turn looked like his own, yet the smile reminded Severus less of Harry than of the Weasleys. "Why are you glad?" Severus asked with a glance at Harry, wondering what absurd legends about Snape's bravery the boy had been told before Harry learned the martyr had not died.

"Because my dad is happy," Albus said.

Behind him, Harry blushed. "I'll just go get the food, shall I?" Without waiting for a reply, he was off, leaving Snape alone with the child.

"Did you like being in Slytherin House?" Albus asked him.

Amusement tugged at Snape's lips. Gryffindors apparently still whispered stories to first-years about dungeons with shackles and half-rotted skeletons in the common room. "The Slytherin dormitories are under the lake," he said. "Have you ever seen moonlight through an underwater window?"

"No," the boy replied. His mouth opened as though he would rephrase the question. Severus was prepared to give a testy answer about having been proud to be sorted into Slytherin, thinking that the son was like his father after all, when Albus said, "It must have hurt when that snake bit you."

"Not as much as getting hit in the face with a Bludger. Your parents did warn you?" Severus was smirking now, while Albus looked as if he didn't know whether to smile or object to being teased.

"Mum loves Quidditch too much to worry about things like that. And Dad wouldn't say anything that might make him sound like my grandmother."

Harry had returned, balancing three sandwiches and drinks in his arms like a Muggle waiter. He did not resemble Molly Weasley in the least except in the protective glance he cast at his child. Watching Harry push aside the salt shaker to set the food on the table, Severus felt a faint tightness in his groin.

Albus was also looking at his father; Severus caught a fleeting sad expression as it crossed his face. Divorce couldn't be easy on children, no matter how optimistic a face Potter tried to put on it.

"How's your mother?" Harry asked, failing to sound easygoing.

"She's all right," Albus said. He looked faintly miserable. "She goes out a lot."

"Well, you're all big enough to look after yourselves, of course."

"Yeah." The boy took a bite of his sandwich. His table manners were better than his father's. Funny how having enough to eat did that for you. He put the sandwich down. "Dad, are you both going to get married again to other people?"

Severus folded in on himself. This was not a conversation he wanted to hear. He began to clear his mind as though he had to block Legilimency.

"I think this is a discussion we should have when we aren't with Professor Snape," Harry responded.

"Because Mummy has a boyfriend."

Harry was sitting directly across from Severus, so Severus couldn't help but see his expression. There might have been faint regret, but the way Harry sighed very softly and dropped his shoulders looked more relieved than despairing. Meanwhile the boy had gone back to eating, apparently more at ease now that he'd got that news out of the way.

"We'll talk about this later, all right?" Harry asked his son.

Albus nodded. "James says he doesn't mind, but if she gets married again and you don't, Lily and I want to stay with you all summer."

Harry had brought Severus some kind of fizzy juice drink. He sipped it slowly, feeling the bubbles pop over his tongue while Harry replied, "Summer is a long time away. You'll see me at school. We don't need to work this out right now."

"Are you coming back to Hogwarts, too, Professor?" Albus looked directly at Severus as he asked the question. He had to clear his throat against the residue of the fizzy drink, which gave him time enough to see Harry duck his head to hide his smile.

"I am retired from teaching," Severus said shortly.

"They only hire dead professors if they happen to be ghosts," Harry added, and laughed. Albus looked at him, at his father grinning, and smiled.

"But you're not--" Albus cut himself off. "Oh, so they don't know you're back, right?" He looked at Severus, and then back to Harry. "Did I say something wrong?"

"No," Harry said. He looked at Severus. "Maybe. Are you all right?"

Severus stopped Occluding. Albus relaxed visibly. He grinned. He looked like a dark haired Charlie Weasley, not like James or Lily. He was a different person. Albus laughed.

"Are you laughing at me?" Severus asked quietly.

"You look funny when you pull that face," Albus said.

"That face used to scare me witless," Harry said. But Albus was smiling at him the way that his grandmother (grandmother!) used to when they were children--like he didn't believe that Severus was really angry when he scowled. It was a certain kind of magic that she had.

"Are you a good Potions student?" Severus asked Albus.

"Not bad, I guess. I don't like it as much as Transfiguration. Teddy says maybe I could be an Animagus if..."

"Only the very finest wizards in all subjects are allowed to attempt the transformation," interrupted Harry. To Severus, he explained, "Teddy is Lupin and Tonks' son. He's a metamorphmagus like she was."

Severus, of course, knew that already; he had not restricted his surveillance to Harry and his family. On the topic of who had the right to become an Animagus, he decided to hold his tongue. Harry had not named this child after Sirius Black.

"If you want to work with animals, you should study Care of Magical Creatures, not try to become one," Harry said to Albus. "Finish your lunch."

The boy looked mutinous, but he lifted the sandwich to take a bite. "I don't like the Potions professor," he said to Severus. "How come you don't want to teach it anymore?"

"Al," Harry cautioned.

"I suppose there were some things I enjoyed about teaching," Severus reflected. "Can't think of any of them just now."

Albus laughed. Harry beamed. Severus applied himself to his sandwich. He'd eaten some lovely things over the last twenty years, but he hadn't lost his taste for egg, bacon and tomato sandwiches, even if the bread was a little posh. He tried not to look at the two Potters.

What a mess. He'd finally got free of everything and everyone when he'd faked his death, and now he was voluntarily becoming embroiled again, all for a bit of kissing and cuddling and a feeling of vindication. His comfortably isolated life -- interrupted occasionally by sex with strangers -- would come to an end. No more early morning quiet at whatever job he'd picked up, whether from working all night or the morning shift. No more undisturbed flow of concentration, moving from one task to another. He'd have to deal with all these people from his past.

Albus finished his entire sandwich and half of Harry's. Snape had an urge to protest that Harry still wasn't eating enough, but had a sudden image of himself in the boy's eyes scolding like Molly Weasley. This was ridiculous, being here with a child who was Molly's grandson as well as Lily's, and with a lover who kept darting grateful looks in his direction.

"Are you a secret?" Albus asked suddenly.

Severus looked at him quizzically. Had Potter actually told his son...?

"That you're not dead. They don't know at Hogwarts, right? Are you in trouble?"

Harry was looking at Severus too. "He isn't in trouble, Al," he told his son.

Asking a child to keep a secret was certainly asking for trouble. Severus remembered all too clearly being ordered by Dumbledore to keep Remus Lupin's secret after Severus had so painstakingly searched it out. What a pleasure it had been to blurt it out and watch student eyes go wide, even if they weren't the students he had once wanted to tell.

"Obviously I am not a secret, or I would not be here," Severus proclaimed. Harry looked uneasy at his tone, but Albus smiled again.

"I wouldn't tell anyway," he said. "I'm happy I got to meet you first. Usually it's James who gets to meet everyone first -- because he's older, you know," he assured his father. He didn't continue in this line of thought, but continued to look at Severus possessively through the rest of the conversation.

The only thing Severus found more bewildering than the instant dislike he'd faced in school was the rare occasion when a child had an irrational liking for him. Harry had set this up, with hero-worship tales of the two men whose names he'd given this boy. Or perhaps when Severus didn't Occlude, he wasn't as frightening to children.

Harry bought the boy an ice-cream, but wound up eating the end of it himself. Harry'd always had a sweet tooth. One learned a lot about a person, spying on him for thirty-odd years. This attraction to someone so much younger was perverse -- he was desperate to be that ice cream, sliding down Harry Potter's eager throat. Pathetic, and in front of the child, too.

"I told Albus he could spend the afternoon with Rose and Hugo," Harry said. Severus glanced at the boy to see whether he resented being sent off to play with his cousins, but Albus looked content, trying to wipe a bit of sticky drink off his sleeve with a shredding napkin. "Will you come with us? Hermione would be glad to..."

"I'm afraid I must stop in Diagon Alley," Severus replied. He had no real intention of visiting such a crowded wizarding destination, but neither did he wish to make small talk with Miss Granger...Mrs. Weasley, now. Harry didn't let his disappointment show, and Albus smiled a bit. Certainly the child wanted some time alone with his father.

"Why don't you stop by the house in an hour, then?"

"The upstairs loo is fixed," Albus said as if this would naturally affect whether someone would wish to visit.

Harry blushed very faintly. "The water was shut off while I had a larger tub installed in the upstairs bath."

"Did you," Severus said. Naked, wet Harry, his slick, muscular buttocks sliding across Severus' lap...he'd better not keep thinking about it. If the lad did have Legilimency talents, as he suspected, Severus would be caught. If he stood up right now, his half-hard prick might be obvious to even the ordinary people around them, especially in these Muggle clothes.

Quickly, he thought about other things: the people he would have to tell he was alive, what Minerva McGonagall would do to him when she learned it was all a great deception.

"All right?" Harry said.

Albus stood up and extended his hand. "Very nice to meet you, sir," he said.

Pain was easy; it was pleasure that was difficult. Blooming in the light of the child's regard, pleasure surprised him. He wanted to quell it. He didn't trust it. It was impossible that any of them suspected that Harry was sleeping with him, or Ginny would never have allowed the boy to come. He stood and gravely shook the boy's hand.

"I'll see you in an hour, then." Harry fixed him with a smile as warm as Albus's. "Shall I pick up some dinner?"

"We just ate, Dad."

"Though some of us mostly ate ice cream." Albus bit his lip and laughed as he realized that Severus was scolding Harry. "By all means, if you are hungry, pick up some proper food."

There was a bookshop across the alley from the sandwich shop. Severus ducked inside, pretending not to see Harry and Albus waving farewell from the opposite corner.

Even cheap Muggle paperbacks had a familiar, comfortable smell. He had visited bookshops and purchased books in every country he had visited during the years when he had been away. After his shift at the bakery in Montreal, when the bookshop had just opened, he used to buy obscure French herbals that the proprietor set aside for him. She always smiled to see him. When he worked as a nose, creating industrial scents and perfumes in Buenos Aires, he went to the English bookstore late at night; he was always the last customer. Sometimes he had picked up men that way.

His old life had been good. He was alone, but not lonely -- independent, not rejected, because no one knew him.

Was he a secret? The question brought a smile to his lips, though he resisted it. Severus had thought it would appear cowardly not to agree to meet the boy, but Harry would have assumed only that Severus wished to avoid any further entanglements.

Disappearing for twenty years, however...Minerva would call him a coward. Again. If she didn't just hex him hard on sight -- she had every reason to be angry. And what of the Malfoys? Would Lucius be pleased to see him or insist that Severus had betrayed him? Was it enough that he had done as Narcissa asked to keep Draco safe?

He wanted to remind himself of the risk of his situation, the undoubted fact that nearly everyone he'd known here -- all British wizardry -- hated him. As often happened when he'd seen Harry, though, a stupid irresistible happiness had overtaken him. He paid for his book, cast a glamour over his appearance and walked the mile and a half to Grimmauld Place. It was nearly autumn again, and there was a nice breeze blowing in his hair.

He knocked on the door and Harry fairly grabbed him, pulling him into the foyer and kissing him urgently.

"I take it we're alone," Severus said when he had sufficient air.

"Completely alone. Thank you. For lunch."

"You paid for lunch."

"You know what I mean." The kisses went on between sentences. Severus was already hard again, pressed up against the wall with Harry standing between his feet. "He likes you."

"You've passed your own ridiculous perceptions of me down to him."

"They're not ridiculous. You didn't try to scare him away. You could have, you know -- when he left for Hogwarts, he was terrified that he'd be sorted into Slytherin." The feel of Harry's erection against his thigh made Severus groan and thrust up in his too-tight Muggle clothes. He loved that Harry responded to him so easily, and he also thought it was going to get them both into trouble.

"Are you planning to fuck me right here, or to show me the upstairs bath?"

Harry laughed, delighted with him. Delighted to be with him. Severus felt vaguely embarrassed. "In the tub," Harry said in a throaty voice. "You fuck me." Maybe he had become a Legilimens too, or maybe he just knew by now what Severus liked.

They walked upstairs, pausing to kiss on the landing. Stupid Muggle trousers; Severus could barely walk, his cock was so hard. Harry kissed with everything he had, wet and hot. He spelled the tub to fill before they were even in the door, and began removing his clothing and dropping it on the bathroom floor. Oh, that lovely young arse. Even in his late 30s, Harry Potter had high, round buttocks that Severus wanted to bite, gently but firmly enough to feel them under his teeth.

He knelt on the bathroom rug and did it, as Potter gripped the edge of the filling tub. "Fuck," he whimpered.

"Not yet." Severus's teeth had left faint impressions in the pale skin where bum met thigh. He did the same on the other side, leaving a broken circle that went white, then pink, as his tongue flicked over the skin. Harry bent forward to shut the taps, spreading his thighs with the movement, leaving the dark pucker exposed.

It was an invitation, but Severus took his time accepting it, biting and licking his way along the curve of a buttock as he listened to Harry whimper. "Oh fuck. Oh please."

Severus opened his own trousers with one hand as he brushed his tongue over the wrinkled skin, shoving his hands into his pants and squeezing his cock. He could have come just like this, wanking, with his tongue in Harry's arse, but it took him a long time to recover at his age and he didn't want to waste the bath.

Still, it took him several long moments to move, letting his tongue pleasure Harry in a way he was certain no one else ever had. He owned this, and he never wanted to give it up. The texture of his flesh, the feeling of his body under Severus' as he surged up to stand with his fingers in Harry's arse, everything was his.

He plowed his fingers in and out, feeling the evidence of Harry's arousal inside, until finally Harry turned and said into his neck, "Don't you want to get into the bath?" The low buzz had Severus ready to step in with his clothes still on his body. Instead he let Harry get his shirt off, and his pants, and finally with a non-verbal spell he banished the rest.

The new bath was deep, but Severus still thought his prick was going to break the surface of the water, sticking straight up. Harry grabbed a dollop of lubricant and quickly applied it to his arse before sitting down on Severus' cock. He took Severus' prick inside his body in one go, so that Severus was enveloped in heat. Kneeling on the floor of the tub, Harry posted over Severus, water cascading over his lower back, his muscles kneading Severus' erection.

"Harry," he said, and Harry groaned and clenched inside. Severus held the bucking cock as it thrust into his hand under the water, currents forcing through his fingers, until he could feel the tremors of Harry's orgasm in his hand and around his cock and in the shaking of Harry's knees under the water.

He looked up to watch Harry's face. Harry's chin was tilted up and his mouth was open and a droplet of water was dripping down one cheek, sweat or condensation. Severus felt his mouth water but he couldn't reach to lick it with Harry squatting over his cock. A whimper escaped his nose, making Harry look down, beginning to move again.

"Fuck me. Want to make you come. I love you." Harry's wet fingers gripped down on Severus's wrists as he put his own hands on Harry's hips, fingers sliding to squeeze the round buttocks. "That's it. Love you. Do it, do it..."

The drop of water dripped from Harry's jaw onto Severus's mouth. He shoved himself up hard, once, twice more, straining toward Harry, trying to lick, suck, bite, anything...his balls tightened and he came, spurting into Harry, grunting.

A long sigh blew cool air over his damp hair. "Love you," Harry whispered again.

Severus could not speak. He could not say "I love you" to another person. His heart thudded, his body feeling too hot in the warm water.

"Are you all right?" Harry's voice sounded far away.

"I--" he said, and forced himself to breathe normally. Harry had turned around and was crouched next to him. "It's just post-coital tristesse," Severus explained. Harry was kissing away his tears, nevertheless. "A normal biological reaction in older men," he said.

"I love you," Harry said again, looking him in the face, "and you don't have to say anything back. I learned that from Luna Lovegood."

"What? You talked about our relationship with Luna Lovegood?"

Harry laughed. "Ginny and I met with her a few times when we decided to split -- to talk about what it would be like for the children. She did a lot of work with children after the war."

Severus pursed his lips. "But you didn't mention me."

"As far as I know, she thinks you're dead. You never know with Luna, though, she has a lot of strange insights. It helped me a lot to talk with her after the last battle." Harry had retrieved soap from somewhere and was washing Severus's neck and chest, fingers rubbing lightly over his skin. "I need to tell people things," he recited as he washed.

"You always did."

"I don't mean just telling them off. When I try to bottle things up, like I did with Dumbledore that year Voldemort was in my head and Dumbledore wouldn't tell me anything, I end up exploding and making things worse. Even if they're good things. I never really told Sirius I loved him and that bothered me so much, especially after I had children."

Harry's fingers were kneading his back. Severus groaned faintly. "I am a substitute for your father and your godfather. You never..."

Harry was laughing. "I knew you were going to say that. And you aren't. What do you think either one of them would say if they could see us now?"

Severus tried to snort. It sounded more like a sniffle.

"I loved Sirius, and he had as hard a life as you did -- don't make that face, you know it's true." Harry smiled, a distracting, guilty, wicked smile. "But I never wanted to kiss him."

As if Severus would miss the point if he didn't, Harry kissed him again.

Severus couldn't help smiling under his mouth. He took a breath. "I've never understood why people in your generation think it's a bad idea to bottle things up. Controlling emotions is an important part of being an adult."

"Of course it is, if you spend your entire adult life spying and pretending to be dead and all--" Harry's eyes snapped with sly humor like Lily's had. Severus smiled, again, forgetting to hide his teeth or camouflage the shape of his lips as he usually did.

"Oh," Harry said, his eyes widening, "you are so beautiful."

Once he'd been kissed to near suffocation, Severus shook his head. "There really is something wrong with you."

"I just like the way you look."

"I'm not complaining, I just think we should look into the possibility you've been hexed."

"Git."

Severus opened his hands under the water, and conjured a blooming lotus in his palms.