Gym Night
bykellie_beth©

I can't put together the imagination some of you have (and have a newfound respect for your art), so it's been a while since I posted anything on here. I have had a couple recent experiences that I thought you might enjoy. This is one of them.

I am usually a pretty shy girl in day to day life. I have had a steady supply of compliments over my 33 years, so I know that my shoulder length blonde hair, perky boobs and tight ass have an effect on men, I have taken advantage of this in the past, but never in front of total strangers or more than one man.

I was going to the gym last week and on my way out the door I realized I was still wearing a tiny g-string. Too late to run back up the stairs, I figured I'd deal with it when I changed. 

Once I got to the gym I rushed into the locker room and stripped down to change for my Zumba class. Those panties constantly rode up, so I ditched them and went to class in my short shorts with nothing underneath. At least I remembered my sports bra! Class flew by and before I knew it I was ready to start my circuit on the gym machines. The gym was almost empty, but there was an old man working the circuit, and two younger guys lifting free weights. A few other people were there too, but those are the only three I remember (how could I forget!) 

As I got to the machine I call the leg spreader (I'm not sure the real name, but it's the one I sit in and push my legs out), the old man ended up directly across from me doing bicep curls. He smiled as he sat down, and I returned his smile as he had to be at least 70 and just a cute old man. I sat down and soon realized that without panties, this machine might be a little dangerous. "Oh well" I thought, as there were so few people there and the old man across from me was concentrating on the TV screen above my head.

I got into position and pressed my legs outward. My thighs tensed as I pushed on the pads against my legs. I could feel my shorts slowly sliding up as I pushed outwards, and before I was even halfway through my range of motion I could feel cool air tickling my pussy. Being so hot from the gym and covered with sweat, my pussy throbbed with heat as it spread and became uncovered. The relief was so great and the air felt so good that I let out a small gasp. This must have drawn the old man's attention because I glanced over shortly after and saw his eyes tracking the center of my thighs. He was even leaning forward to do a curl as I spread, giving himself the absolute best possible view of my private parts. Of course, I could now feel the cool air and was absolutely sure he was peeking at me. Instead of getting up and leaving as I normally would (probably in an embarrassed stumble) I decided that the old man could use suck a peek, and as long as he wanted to see, I'd let him watch.

He continued to stare and I reduced the weight just so I could give him more time to look. Each repetition slid my shorts down to the top of butt, and my shaved little pussy started peeking out early into my motion. As I spread my legs fully, my soft lips spread for him and I held the weight out as he leaned further and further over.

I became so wet that he soon knew that I was showing off. He looked me in the eyes and then smiled, and then he just stared right back at my pussy, like my face wasn't even there. He began to rub himself through his shorts because he knew I was watching. The tables were turned as a pity flash quickly turned into him realizing that I was so horny that he could have me. He gained that power just by staring me in the pussy and ignoring my eyes. As he stroked his shorts I could tell that even though he was old, he really had a nice sized cock. His precum was staining his shorts and I realized that I had just been keeping my legs halfway open (and giving him a straight look at my pink little clam sitting there barely parted). At the same instant, I looked past the old man and saw that the two boys who had been lifting free weights weren't even pretending to lift and were just looking at my naked slit. They were afraid though, and somehow the old man just had more power over me than they did and he remained the center of my attention.

Even knowing that three different unknown guys were looking at the one part of me that no guy had seen for months couldn't make me stop showing the old man. I finally couldn't sit there anymore and got up from my machine. Like a perfectly calibrated old doll, the little old guy sprung up and followed me as I walked towards the outdoor track. 

Empty this time of night, the far corners of the track had once been known for gay sex. Now, with all the condos and people moving in, none of that goes on (as far as I know), but there was plenty of privacy for what I wanted. We hadn't said a word, but he followed me as I turned towards the tennis practice wall, behind which we were totally hidden. I turned to him and finally spoke.

"I need a good long fuck to cum." I said. "That's not going to happen here, so we're not going to do that."

He looked puzzled, but I had a few inches on him and wasn't afraid he might try force. 

"I want to see you. You can touch me if you want, and I'll suck on you, but no sex. I want to replay your using me tonight in bed, so you better make me messy old man." I said with a smirk.

He responded as only a man who hasn't had fresh pussy in years can. His cock was out in seconds and he yanked my shorts straight down. He roughly buried his hand in my lap, and jabbed his fingers right in my pussy, first one at a time, then two, the five and he just kept sliding in and out. 

"Damn that thing is smooth." He grunted. 

I grabbed his cock and started tickling his balls and stroking his shaft as one of his hands spread my ass cheeks. He again began grabbing, spreading and stuffing me with his fingers, but I was so wet that hi could jam three of his little fingers in my asshole without much trouble.

As he grabbed me all over I slid down and licked the precum off his dick. It tasted very salty and old, but I kept licking and his cock grew rapidly into my throat. I let him start holding my hair and bobbed my head over his cock while his big white bush of pubes jabbed me in the eye. I loved it. He was just slamming my mouth and I was taking his whole cock and letting him feel my lips and tongue on the shaft each time he entered my mouth.

His thrusts increased in speed and soon I could feel his load building deep in his balls. I swear I could feel those unused muscles get ready and shoot, and his gooey blast filled my cheeks and dribbled down my chin.

"Ummmm." I groaned as I struggled to lick the dribbles of my chin without spilling the rest. I soon realized I'd be better off swallowing, then cleaning, so I took a big gulp and slurped the salty mass in my mouth down my throat. Strings of it pulled from the back of my tongue, and I could feel the slimy coating going down. It felt warm and alive. I stuck my tongue out and was able to get most of the cum off my face. The remaining drops I rubbed off onto my tshirt and I finally stood all the way up.

"Thanks. I'll see you here again." He said as he gave me his hand and let me back towards to the gym.

We entered the gym together, and the bright lights brought me back to reality. We split up as I hurried by the check in desk, covering the blotch of still wet cum on my shirt, and I ran into the locker room to clean up and change. 

Fifteen minutes later I was back to my car and about to get in when a little Honda pulled up. The windows came down and there sat the tow boys from earlier. They tooted their horn and gave me thumbs up. I'm still not sure if the thumbs up was for the peek they got, or if they knew what I had just done. 

As for me, this just happened yesterday. This is the first time I've been alone since then. I am going to go finish what that old man's hands started right now. And I am going to go back to the gym next Saturday. I don't know if I'll be able to do what I did again, but just being there and knowing it could happen will keep me turned on every time I go. Anyone who gets a peek will likely get a piece, if they ask nicely (or if they just tell me to give it up!)
