Lestrade sat on the settee across from them, eyes darting between the two of them before focusing on Holmes exclusively. Having just recounted the details of a jewelry theft, he waited anxiously for Holmes to come to his conclusions. Watson, for his part, tried not to glare too much but instead focus on the case at hand.

He, of course, failed miserably.

Holmes was lounging in his chair, eyes nearly shut as his brilliant mind turned over the details of the case. To a casual observer he would have looked bored, but Watson knew better. It was a fascinating case, he thought bitterly. The kind that had could keep Holmes from resorting to the needle, at least for now. He should have been ecstatic. An ornate pearl necklace had been stolen from a museum, no signs of entry or exit that the police could discern. The owners didn't notice anything strange. The pearls were there in the evening and in the morning, they had vanished without a trace.

So why did Lestrade of all people have to be the one to bring it to his attention? Lestrade, who was currently leaning forward to rest his elbows on his knees, eyes roaming his friend's face in a way that made his blood boil. It wasn't that he had some sort of claim on Holmes; quite the opposite, in fact. But he couldn't help but feel that if someone deserved to have a claim on him, surely it would be his Watson, wouldn't it?

Watson leaned on the arm of his chair, chin resting on his thumb as he glared at Lestrade bitterly. Holmes pressed a finger to his lips, clearly having come to some conclusion that he would no doubt keep them in the dark about as long as possible. Lestrade licked his lips, unconsciously leaning forward farther. Watson slapped his hand on the arm of his chair and opened his mouth to snap at the man when suddenly Holmes rose to his feet with a cat like grace and a flourish of his hand, drawing all attention to him once more.

"Excellent work, Lestrade," he said offhand as he moved to the door. Lestrade puffed up and shot him a superior look. Drawing back in his chair, Watson muttered darkly. "Now, we shall examine the crime scene to see what we can find," he said as he pulled on his jacket. Now it was Watson's turn to smile triumphantly at Lestrade, who rolled his eyes. "Watson."

"Yes, Holmes?"

"Pack a bag. Three days should do."

"Yes Holmes." He moved to Holmes' room first, contenting himself with the thought that Lestrade, at least, would never be trusted with such an intimate action. He found a carpetbag under the bed and surveyed his friend's wardrobe critically. He could hear Lestrade trying to draw Holmes into a conversation in the sitting room, but from the terse sound of Holmes' voice he could only assume he was failing. He smiled at that. He selected three of his friends finest suits and a traveling cloak and hurried to his own room. Barely paying attention, he threw the first things he saw into his bag and returned to the sitting room. He dropped his bag beside Holmes' and lifted the traveling cloak. Holmes shrugged into it, eyes far away in thought. Watson stepped closer and buttoned it, hands lingering and smoothing it over his shoulders. Lestrade cleared his throat pointedly behind him and Holmes shook himself. Watson stepped back reluctantly.

"Now," Holmes declared, "Let us be off. Time is of the essence."

They carried their bags down the stairs and Holmes stepped forward to hail a cab. A hansom stopped, and Holmes climbed in without hesitation. Watson started to step up when a sharp tug on the back of his jacket caused him to stumble. Lestrade swiftly swung up into the open seat and shot him a smug look.

"You'll have to take the next one, good fellow," Holmes said. He opened his mouth to protest, but Holmes just tapped the ceiling with his walking stick and they were off, Lestrade's fingers wagging triumphantly at him around the edge of the hansom.

-----

Holmes led the way into the country inn, Watson and Lestrade trailing closely behind him carrying the luggage. It was a dingy little place, with a small bar and dining area through a doorway to their right. The air was stagnant and smokey, and Watson blinked his eyes rapidly to try and clear them. Luckily, living with Holmes, he had grown accustomed to such atmosphere. Holmes approached the front desk.

"We've only got two rooms available," the man at the desk said immediately. Lestrade and Watson immediately turned to glare heatedly at each other from where they stood behind Holmes. "They're double bedded," the man added. They both deflated slightly, but still held each other's gaze, determined.

"That will do," Holmes agreed. He paid the man and had their luggage sent on, oblivious to the heated stares behind him.

"Well, I'm certain Mr. Holmes and I will have quite a few things to discuss about the case, doctor, I'm sure you understand -" Lestrade began.

"Holmes and I are used to rooming with each other, surely we'd all be more comfortable -"

"Enough," Holmes interrupted them. "We can discuss sleeping arrangements later. For now, let us make our way to the museum."

The carriage ride was an uncomfortable affair, as Holmes rattled off details of the case and Lestrade glared daggers at Watson from the seat across from them. Before the carriage had even stopped completely Holmes was out the door, bounding across the yard toward the building. Lestrade followed, and Watson delayed just long enough to pay the cabman.

"Go inside," Holmes told them the instant he'd caught up. "Watson, look for footprints, markings on the walls in the room in question and in the hallway."

"Of course, Holmes." Holmes turned, pulling his magnifying glass from his pocket and heading toward the window. Watson approached the door, Lestrade at his side. Lestrade stopped him with a hand on his arm just outside the museum door and held up a coin wordlessly between them.

"Heads," Watson said flatly. Lestrade flipped it in the air and caught it, slapping it down on the back of his hand. They both leaned over to look as he drew his other hand away.

"What are the two of you doing?" Holmes called angrily. Lestrade shot him a lightning-quick grin and darted through the doorway. Watson shook his head.

"Damn it," he sighed. It wasn't that he'd never roomed with Holmes before on trips, but he'd been dearly hoping to deprive Lestrade of the experience. Then again, perhaps Holmes would need to do some chemical work and blow something up in the middle of the night. The thought cheered him as he followed Lestrade inside.

Watson mentally cataloged every dip in the carpet, trying to find some clue that Holmes could use. It had already been fairly well trampled by the police and owners, however, and he soon gave it up as a lost cause and began examining the walls. He noticed Lestrade on the other side of the hall doing the same. At first, he wanted to remind Lestrade that he had been given the job, but he held his tongue. Two people could get the job done faster, after all, and he was too professional to let their feud get in the way of their work. Finding nothing, they proceeded to the room the pearls had been housed in. Holmes joined them shortly.

"Lestrade," he said as he entered. The inspector turned to him expectantly. "When you informed me that nothing had been found underneath the window, I naturally assumed that someone had, in fact, searched around the window."

Lestrade stammered for a moment, then glowered at him. "It's in the report," he said, wringing his hands slightly. "'No footprints were seen approaching on the ground beneath the window.' Really, Mr. Holmes, what are you getting at?"

"Merely that when one states they have searched around the window, they are giving the implication that they searched around the window," he pointed through the window pane. Both Lestrade and Watson crowded nearer and peered out: a smudge of dried mud clung to the outside window sill. Lestrade closed his eyes and groaned while Watson chuckled to himself.

"Thus, we have determined the method of entry," Holmes muttered to himself. He shooed them back a step farther and stepped forward to examine the lock carefully. As far as Watson could see it did not look forced at all. He sighed and slumped into a chair to wait. Lestrade settled in across from him, and they contented themselves with watching the man work in somewhat companionable silence.

It was well into the afternoon when they stepped outside again. Holmes looked around as he pulled his gloves on. "Lestrade, where did your men find the carriage tracks?"

"Over here, Mr. Holmes," Lestrade took his elbow and guided him toward the edge of the yard. Watson trailed behind them slightly, swinging his walking stick more than necessary. Lestrade pointed with his free hand and Holmes turned to look. It only took an instant to hook the end around one of his ankles and Lestrade tumbled to the ground, his arm wrenched away from Holmes. Watson drew his stick back hurriedly and leaned to offer a hand to the inspector.

"What the devil happened?" Holmes asked, startled.

Lestrade gripped his hand rather harder than needed and let Watson pull him to his feet. "Hole in the ground, that's all," Lestrade said tightly, color high in his cheeks. "Didn't see it."

"You should be more careful," Watson said seriously.

"Indeed," Holmes said dryly, lips twitching. Watson couldn't help but smile at him as Lestrade stalked off, embarrassed.

-----

It was dark when they returned to the inn, Watson and Lestrade both flagging slightly with hunger and exhaustion. Holmes threw open the door to the first of their rooms - where their luggage had been deposited by the staff - room 112, and lead the way inside. Watson was pleased to see a tray on the sideboard, and he immediately crossed and lifted the pot of tea. Lestrade approached behind him and absently plucked the pot out of his fingers and began preparing their cups.

"What I can't stop wondering," he mussed, "Is why our thief took the pearls and not the diamond."

"That's what you're concerned with? Not how he managed to get in and out unnoticed?"

"Why go to the trouble and leave the most valuable piece behind?" Lestrade asked, handing him two cups of tea. Watson pondered this as he crossed to the table where Holmes was sitting and handed him one. Holmes took a drink and choked. Sputtering, he spit the tea back into his cup and looked at Watson quizzically.

"What is this, Watson?" Baffled, Watson sniffed at his own cup and recoiled. It smelled putrid.

"Here, try a cup of mine, Mr. Holmes," Lestrade brushed past him and handed Holmes a fresh cup, which he accepted gratefully. Watson's mouth dropped open. Holmes took a sip of the fresh tea and shot Lestrade a pleased look before he turned back to the case notes spread in front of him. Lestrade smirked at him and he huffed.

"Don't you want to move your things into your room, doctor?" Lestrade asked innocently.

Holmes barely looked up. "Ah, decided already, have you? Good. No need to waste more time. Now, in the morning I believe we'll -" he was cut off by Watson's stomach growling. Holmes looked up, startled, as Watson placed a hand over his stomach and blushed. "Oh, my good man, you must be starving!" Holmes exclaimed. "You really should have said something earlier -"

"I did."

"Several times," Lestrade added.

"- go down to the dining hall at once, both of you," Holmes told them. Lestrade started to protest, but his stomach chose that moment to complain as well.

"Alright then," he pushed himself to his feet and stretched. "Won't you join us?" he asked. Holmes just waved him off impatiently. Lestrade turned to look at Watson, who merely shrugged and led the way out of the room.

They found a table and ordered their meals quickly. Watson scanned the dining room, trying to ignore the tense silence that fell over them. He almost missed the days before they'd each inadvertently discovered how the other felt about the eccentric detective. He wouldn't have called them friends, but they at least were able to go for a bite to eat companionably when the situation called for it. Their meals arrived, and they finally had to face each other. They ate silently for most of their meal.

"I can't believe they missed that smudge," Lestrade suddenly admitted with a chuckle.

"Don't take it too hard. Holmes is brilliant," Watson said as he pushed his plate away. "He notices everything."

"Not everything." There was another tense silence.

"Apparently not," Watson muttered. He looked around the room again and noticed a dart board in the corner.

"Darts?" he asked. Lestrade nodded, rolling up his sleeves. Watson felt at least a little mollified that they were still comfortable wielding sharp objects near each other. He ordered drinks while Lestrade fetched the darts. They relocated to a small table near the board.

"Do you think this will come to blows, then?" Lestrade asked casually, taking aim. Watson didn't need to ask what he was referring to, though it made him slightly uncomfortable that the man felt the need to ask. Lestrade threw the darts expertly, eyes never leaving the board. Watson leaned on the edge of their table, collar undone, nursing his drink.

"Heavens no, I don't see why it would come to that," he said just as casually. Certainly, he would not give up, but he had no desire to seriously injure the man, after all. Lestrade pulled the darts out of the board and handed them to him, sliding into his own seat and taking a long drink. Watson stood and threw the darts one by one, glancing at Lestrade between each throw. He didn't have the other man's accuracy, but Lestrade was looking around the room, disinterested. Watson walked to the board and pulled out the darts and held them out where he stood, clearing his throat to get his companion's attention. Lestrade pushed himself to his feet and tried to cross to him. His eyes widened as he stumbled back and landed hard in his chair. He braced himself on the table. Watson crossed to him and grinned.

"Good night, Inspector," he said cheerfully. "I'll send the owner round to help you off to bed. Room 113, wasn't it?" Ignoring Lestrade's glare, he spun on his heel and walked toward the door, whistling. He tossed a shilling at the bartender on his way out, gesturing over his shoulder.

"Room 113, if you please," he called. The man nodded.

Holmes looked surprised when he swung open the door and walked inside, still smiling to himself.

"Lestrade was exhausted," he explained. "He decided to take the other room after all." Holmes shot him a puzzled look and he attempted to school his features. Just then, a man in the hallway cursed breathlessly as something heavy scraped past their door. Holmes perked up curiously as the door to the next room banged open.

"Have you had any breakthroughs, my dear fellow?" he said hastily. He moved to sit next to Holmes on his bed, slightly too close to be proper. Living together offered many perks indeed, and he pressed his advantage whenever possible.

"Perhaps. Lestrade was acting peculiar today, was he not?"

Watson shifted uncomfortably. "No more peculiar than usual," he said. Holmes turned and fixed him with a look. It always made him feel a bit like a bug under a microscope when he did so, and he cleared his throat. "Perhaps he's feeling ill," he suggested.

"In that case one would think he'd prefer your company to mine." A thrill of panic shot through him.

"I... owe him five pounds," he said quickly.

"Lost at cards?" Holmes said, sounding amused. Watson smiled sheepishly at him.

"Yes, that's exactly it."

Holmes chuckled. "Do I need to start locking up your pocket money, too?"

"Of course not," Watson scoffed. "There's no harm in a friendly game of cards every now and then." Holmes just 'hmm'ed, still smiling at him. He moved to sit propped up against the headboard and feeling daring, Watson mimicked the posture next to him, shoulder to shoulder. Holmes pulled out his pipe and lit it, lost in thought. Watson leaned over just enough to grab his bag and pulled out a novel to pretend to read, and they passed the next few hours in companionable silence.

"I'm going out," Holmes suddenly declared. Watson started and looked at his pocket watch.

"At 11:30? Where on earth could you be going?"

But Holmes had already risen and crossed the room and began to slip on his shoes. "Don't wait up," he called over his shoulder. He heard the key rattle in the door, then he was gone.

"Easier said than done," Watson sighed. He laid slid down on the bed until he was laying fully, not bothering to move to the one Holmes hadn't claimed. He'd have to warn Lestrade, he reflected. They had been rather reckless that day, after all.

He must have fallen asleep at some point, because the next time he opened his eyes Holmes was sitting on the edge of the bed, shaking his shoulder briskly. He sat up quickly and blushed, realizing he must have fallen asleep in Holmes' bed the night before. The other bed didn't appear to be slept in, however, so the odds were good that the detective had been out all night. Yawning, he rubbed his hands over his face.

"What is it?" he grumbled.

"The diamond has disappeared."

"What?" he dropped his hands and stared at Holmes.

"The details are the same. No new footprints. No signs of forced entry."

"But... that doesn't make any sense! Why go back? Why not just take it in the first place?"

"I haven't any answers yet. We have only just received a telegram from the estate," Holmes replied. "We must get there before the police this time in hopes of salvaging our evidence. Get dressed and meet me downstairs." He hurried from the room before Watson could reply. As he dressed, he heard rapping on the door next to him and hushed voices.

By the time he made his way down the stairs, Holmes and Lestrade were already waiting by the door. Holmes was tapping his foot impatiently, while Lestrade was slumped against the wall, one hand pressed over his eyes and massaging his temple. They both looked up as he approached. Wordlessly, he crossed to Lestrade and handed him the glass he was holding. Lestrade nodded once and drank it down.

"You'll be fine within the hour," he told him. Holmes glanced between them and his look of annoyance deepened. He swept passed them and out the door without another word. Watson took the glass and set it on the front desk and they hurried outside.

It was still nearly pitch black outside, Watson noted as they climbed into the carriage. "Where did you go last night?" he asked Holmes. Lestrade was leaning forward, already recovered enough to smirk as he shifted to rest his elbows on his knees and his leg pressed against Holmes'.

"The carriage presumably used in the original burglary had a damaged wheel; it left a distinct jagged imprint in every rotation." He waved his finger in the air as though drawing the print. "I resolved to check local cabs for hire in the area in hopes of finding one with a matching anomaly."

Watson yawned. "Ah," he said, nodding. He stretched his legs out and kicked Lestrade in the shin. Cursing, Lestrade shifted. "Sorry, old boy, muscle spasm."

Holmes looked annoyed. Watson looked out the window and tried not to drift off.

Soon, they were standing outside the museum, waiting tensely. Watson felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up as he looked around. "Holmes," he whispered, but he immediately felt foolish. He cleared his throat and said in a normal tone, "Why in the world would they send a telegram so early? Who was checking up on the diamond in the middle of the night?"

The door swung open just as Holmes turned to answer him. The curator stood just inside, his eyes wide, face pale. "Gentlemen, thank you for coming again so quickly," he looked nervously from Lestrade to Watson.

"Think nothing of it. Let us examine the scene of the crime once more," Holmes stepped around the man smoothly and walked down the hall. Watson and Lestrade moved to follow, but the curator stepped in their way, staring up at them with large, watery eyes.

"Gentlemen, if I may have a word." Watson looked up; Holmes was almost at the door, and for some reason fear surged through him. He glanced at Lestrade, who took one look at him and wordlessly pushed the man out of the way. They hurried down the hall.

The curator's shout caused Holmes to look over his shoulder just as he opened the door. "Honestly, what has gotten into the two of -" there was movement in the doorway behind him. Before either man could react, something large struck Holmes over the back of the head and he slumped to the ground, unconscious.