She's late again; well this was one part about being separated that I didn't miss. She's the one who made the appointment with the tax-man, she's the one who called me to say we had to be there, and now she's the one who's late. With Sara on my mind, I couldn't help but go back to that Saturday morning that sent my life into shambles. The night before I wanted to have sex with her but she said she was tired and turned me down. I tried to turn her on but to no avail, then I began begging like a little boy in a candy store, finally she got mad, said fine just do it, and then she turned over on her back and spread her legs. If she thought she could shame me into not doing it, she was wrong. I pulled off her panties, gave her a couple of licks to get her wet, and plunged my dick inside her.
The problem was that I'd become so worked up I came in seconds and now as we lay there in silence I knew she was angry with me. I tried to kiss her but she turned her head to avoid my lips then she pushed me off her, got up, and went to the bathroom. When she came back in, I tried to make amends,
"Sweetie, just give me a minute and I'll be ready to go again..."
"I wouldn't want you to over exert yourself," she said, she grabbed her pillow and the blanket and headed into the other room. As for me, I lie there most of the night thinking not only about my lack of self-control but of the shameful way I had acted.

Saturday morning and I determined to be a new man, one my wife would be proud of and to show it I made pancakes for breakfast. When Sara came out, I could tell she was still upset but she did accept my good morning kiss. We sat, eating in silence then I put my fork down,
"Sara I want to apologize for last night, I'm really sorry..."
"Roger, how can you think a pancake and a god damn sorry will make up for what you did?"
"I know dear but..."
"No you don't know, if you did you wouldn't keep doing this to me. That was exactly why I didn't want to fuck you last night, you get me all ready, and then you get yours and just leave me frustrated."
"Sara you are absolutely right and I am trying to do better."
"When will you tell me something I haven't heard before," she held her hand up to stop me from talking, and I watched the tears began to trickle out and down her cheeks.
"Roger I can't take this anymore, I want you to move out."
She grabbed her purse and as she headed for the door, she told me to be gone by the time she came back. I sat there in a daze, but not wanting to face her rage I packed my stuff from the bathroom, some underwear, and socks and whatever clothes I could fit into my gym bag then I left before she returned. I rented a room in one of those fleabag joints near Main Street because I was sure Sara and I would have things patched up soon. I called her all morning Sunday but she refused to pick up so I left her alone the rest of the day.

Sara and I had met at work and in fact, we still worked together so I knew Monday would be strange but at least I'd see her and I hopped we'd be able to talk. When she wasn't at her desk, I went to look for her and soon I found her in the warehouse. I could see she was openly flirting with one of the bruisers who work there. She looked and saw me staring at her but that didn't stop her from giggling, then leaning over and whispering in his ear. I turned and fled the warehouse in shame. The next day was even worse for now he was at her desk and pawing her as if she were his plaything. I could see the whole office staring at me staring at them and I knew they would be laughing at me. This was all too humiliating and so I quit my job without a thought and left the office that day.

The next week she answered when I called and I told her I needed to stop by and pick up some of my clothes so I could go out job hunting.
"Well about that, you see I talked the boss into giving Jack a chance at your old job and of course he had to dress nicer. The funny thing is even though he looks so much bigger than you do, he's still the same size so I just gave him you old things. I'm sorry, I just thought the way you left them here you didn't want them."
"Wait a minute, you mean this guy has my wife, my job, and all my clothes? What's he want next the heart out of my chest?" Then I slammed down the phone in disgust.

"Sorry I'm so late have you been waiting long?"
I looked up in surprise, I started to give her a snide answer but then thought the better of it, "No not for long," I lied. God she looked beautiful and so sexy in a low cut dress that I didn't remember ever seeing. I could feel my face turn red when she caught me ogling her cleavage but she made a joke about trying to get the tax- man to give us a break.

As we left the office, Sara told me she'd walk me to my car and I had to tell her I'd sold it.
"Roger do you mean to tell me you still don't have a job?" I just sheepishly shook my head no. "Well come on I'll take you home."
In the car, she offered to buy me lunch and I didn't have enough pride left to turn her down. She stopped at a small bistro with al fresco dinning we use to go to, and as we sat down I mentioned how much I liked this place. Sara said she remembered but also because Jack hated the place was another reason for choosing it. We had a glass of wine and we chatted as we waited for our meals, then she put her hand on mine,
"So tell me about your love life, are you seeing anyone?"
"Are you kidding, with no car, and no money how do you think I could meet a woman who'd go out with me?"
"Do you remember Sue Ellen, I don't think she's seeing anyone, you want me to try and fix you up?"
There is a Sue Ellen in every office, too fat and too desperate to ever get a date, besides what I wasn't telling Sara was that I'd lost all confidence with women and was afraid to try intimacy with anyone even Sue Ellen. Mainly to chance the subject I blurted out,
"So how's your love life, is Jack everything you dreamed for in a man?"
"Well, he sure can fuck if that's what you mean. but if I can be honest here," she then took her hand off mine and put it in my knee, "When we're done he turns over and falls asleep and as I'm lying there in that afterglow sometimes I can't help but think of your soft tongue and how nice it felt between my legs." She began to laugh as she said, "You remember those mornings when I'd spread my legs and offer to fix you my special breakfast?"
"Are you kidding, your pussy for breakfast is the only thing you cook that I can eat."
Then with the worst timing possible the waiter showed up with our food and she stopped talking.

Back in her car after lunch, she said she had a box of my stuff that she forgot to bring with her and asked if it was all right if we stopped by her place on the way home. At her place, I don't know how we got from retrieving the box out of her bedroom to naked and in her bed but somehow I found my lips around her clit. I have no idea how many times she came but finally she pushed my head away, telling me her clit was now too sensitive to touch. I started get up, not wanting to spoil the moment with any thoughts on my pleasure but she stopped me and asked me to fuck her. I surprised both her and myself with how long I lasted and when she asked me about it I laughed and said that I'd been jacking off so much I must have lost some of my sensitivity.

As we lie beside each other, I remember thinking that the world really did care about me and then it all came crashing down when she said,
"Roger I have to tell you, Jack is moving in with me next week..."
"That's great, just great, first this bastard gets my wife, then my job and my clothes and now he's getting my side of the bed to make it all complete."
"Come on honey don't be that way, it's just we can save money by only renting one place and we want to take a nice vacation next year."

Epilogue:
After that day, my life just seemed to turn around as if by magic. A couple of days latter Sara called to say a friend of hers who worked at a rival firm had mentioned they had an opening and that she would put in a good word. I knew Georgia from a couple of parties and remembered her to be a wild open kind of woman who was always hitting on the single men in attendance. I not only got the job but a date with Georgia as well (OK I confess she asked me out)and in fact I guess you could say we now are going together.
Even better is, occasionally Sara will call me and offer to fix me her 'special breakfast' when Jack is away fishing or hunting or whatever he does. So what it comes down to is, my wife is now cuckolding her boyfriend with me, her husband and somehow, I think of this as justice.

