I am Vinod 20 age. I am going to tell u how we had a incest in our family. Let me introduce my family. Father businessman at the age of 44, Mother at the age of 40 housewife and a sister at age of 18 studying. We lived in a house in a town with 4 rooms and a kitchen and hall. One room shared by my parents, one by me, one by my sister & one for any guest if comes. As I am a student too. Our parents are very horny as they have private they do sex daily. Due to their daily sex my mother looks very young as if 26 years. All our neighbors star at her when she is out for market. I have also seen many times how my father puts his big cock in my mothers cunt. As I have the habit of seeing sex though key holes during night time and during time when sister is out. I have also seen many uncle-aunts section as they come to our house and stayed in our guestroom. As the guestroom is next to my room and other side is my sister room. I am very horny as use to read lots of sex books and do masturbation daily.
Let me tell how it happened. One day I heard some noise from my sisters room so I checked through the key hole i was shocked that she along with her friend doing lesbian sex. Both were naked. Any my sister is putting his finger inside her friends pussy. And her friend is moaning. I was shocked to see this. I know that mother was out for market so keep on seeing the senses. It was more than 10 min. i was so involved in seeing both naked girls. I forget that some one is standing near me. When I saw it was my mother. I was stund to she her near me I just ran to my room. I was afraid what would happen. What will mother do to me. Will she tell this to my father I was feared what would happen.
Afternoon we had our lunch mother looked normal did not showed any reaction in her face. We had our lunch. After lunch sister told that she is going to her friends house to study and mother allowed her. I went to my room. After 30 min. Mother came to my room I thought that I will get a nice ride from my mother. She asked what did u see in her sisters house. I was standing with down my head. She asked again. I told that sister is having lesbian sex with his friend. From how long this is going on I told that I know today only. She asked are u not ashamed to see ur sisters naked body. I kept quit. Mother told I don't how come this happened to my kid getting grace to sex at this age. She asked are u engaged with anyone. I said know then how come u became a sex gracy guy. I told that it all due to u and Father who use to make love in front of us. And even during day time u use to have sex with father. Then mother left silent for a while and Stared me. And asked have u ever watched of our sex. I just nodded my head saying yes. She stared me with anger. And left the room. Now I feel relieved that nothing would happen. And mother wont tell to father. As this is due to their mistake we have committed this mistake.
Again we had our dinner and as our father was in a business tour for a month. At night as usual I started my masturbation. Mother was checking though the keyhole and opened with the key that she had with her. She came in and found me masturbating. I hided my cock with the bedsheet. She came near and sat on the bed and said whom do u think and masturbate. I told daily I use to think of u and father. But today I thought of sister. Mother slaped me and said how dare that u think of your sister. Then I asked can I think of u and father. She was shocked by this question. Now she stared at me and removed the bedsheet which covered the cock of mine and took in the hand and started jerrking. Now I was shocked by mother action. My cock was as like a iron rod. She told that after seeing her childerns sex grace she was also in mood to have a nice fun. As she had not enjoyed the sex for past 20 days seeing both the events she could not control so see came to me to have sex.
She was wearing a night suit. I hugged her and started to kiss in her lips. She als responded to my kiss. Then with one hand I pressed her boobs as if I am playing a horn of a bus. With the other hand I lifted her night wear up an inserted my fingers in her cunt. She started moaning. And her cunt was wet with her juice. She removed her nightwear and slept in the bed and took my cock and inserted in her cunt. She told me to fuck as she could not control any more. So I with my force inserted the cock inside her. With 2-3 Strokes it went inside completely now I started my fucking section. After 15 min I ejected my cum inside her cunt. She too had cummed before me. I slept above her for a while. Then she told that she will move to her room. I told her to sleep her but she refused saying that if my sister get up in the night and found for her then it will be shamefull for both of them. She gave kiss and left. In the morning she came to my room with my bed coffee. I was still naked. She planted a kiss and waked me. But I hugged her and kissed her in her lips. She too responded to my kiss and told me to leave as she has to go to my sisters room to wake her. I told that I am in mood. She told not now afterwards.
vnalav
04-07-2004, 02:38 PM
I had my coffee and had my bath and came to dining table to have my Breakfast. I just smiled her. On seeing her my cock stood up and I was needing badly. But as my sister was a home we cant do any thing. After breakfast sister went to have her bath so went to kitchen to have some small fun. I hugged mother from back She told if u do like this we will be caught. I showed her my cock as it was so erected and told that my cock need u now she told as ur sister is there no. Then I told why don't we bring our sister in this scene. Mother got angry and said I don't want to spoil my daughters life. So please drop the plan and go now wait till night come. I left to my room.
After 30 min. I came out and was watching TV in the hall. Mother was getting ready as she is going to market. As soon as she left I went to kitchen as my sister was there with some preparation of food for lunch. I hugged her from the back. She got angry and pushed down. And told that she will inform to mother. I told her doesn't matter. I was in a mood to **** her. She told that I am ur sister please leave me. I told that u are a girl and I am a boy that only I know. And sex desire can be satisfied with any one. I also know that u are having a lesbian sex with ur friend I have seen yesterday. She told that if mother will what happen to our future. She will through both of them out this house. So please drop the idea. I laughed at her and told what will mother do? As I am Enjoying mother. How come she will through me. She also need me. My sister was shocked. She told what did u say? I told that I am having sex with our mother. She was shocked to her this. Then she told that I will not believe u unless and until I don't see. Then I told ok today night I will show u the real show of myself and our mother. And also told that after the show she will allow me to fuck her. She agreed to the point. I went to hall and started watching TV. Mother came after 1 hrs. We all had Lunch together. I went out side to see my friend. And came at 8 in the evening. As I entered I my mother was watching serial. And my sister was preparing dinner. After half an hour she came and mother asked have she completed the work and is the dinner ready. She nodded her head. Mother told then bring to the dinning table. We all had our dinner. After dinner I was still watching TV mother and sister left to their room. It was I too went to my room to sleep waiting for my mother to come. After half an hour mother came to my room. I know that my sister will come to see to have a clear look fro her I have switched on the zero lights. As soon a mother came she told u are very naughty like ur father I also don't have sense and hug me were I am. She told that she too was also very much to have me. On saying she removed my shots and T-shirt and I was naked in front of her. She too removed her nightwear. We both were naked. I took my cock and inserted inside my mother's cunt. And started my fucking section. After 15 min my mother came and after 3 min I too ejected my cum inside her. Now I told that I need u badly. She told that my sister is there and we should not do anything in her presence in the house. I told that why don't we bring her to the scene. She got angry and stared at me. I told mother u have see that she is having a lesbian relation. May be after few days she may fine some one. Before she could fine someone outside why don't I have her. Now Mother was stunt and started to think. After a few seconds she told u are right she can do anything. Then she told how would u bring to the scene I told I have already planned. She is watching both of us from the keyhole. Mother told bring her in. And I got up naked and opened the door and found her naked fingering her cunt. I brought her to the bed. Both mother & sister were hanging their head down. Now took my sister in the bed and tried to insert my cook but it was not entering. I turned to my mother to help me. She told wait a min and went out after few min. she came back with some oil and a packet condom. She applied the oil in the lips of my sister. And told me to were the condom so that my sister wont get pregnant from me. After that I felt easy to put inside my sister. After few strockes it entered. And I continued the stroke after 20 min I ejected the cum. After my ejection my sister was still moaning with pain. My mother removed the condom and took my cock in her mouth.
Till 4 we enjoyed a lot. After that mother left to her living my sister naked in my room. We both slept hugging each other. At morning mother came to my room with 2 cup of tea she was still naked I pushed her down to my bed and inserted my cock inside her and fucked her. Now a day we use to play sex in daytime also. When I am not there my sister and my mother have lesbian sex. My sister had told that soon she will introduce her friends to have sex with me. And when father is at home we watch our parents sex through the keyhole.