Current location: 
St. Paul, MN 

Current mood: 

discontent 

Current music: 

The Smashing Pumpkins - Blue Skies Bring Tears | Powered by Last.fm

Entry tags: 

!fandom: harry potter, chaptered: how strange, character: james potter, character: lily evans, character: remus lupin, character: sirius black, characters: mwpp, length: 2000+ words, pairing: lily/james, pairing: remus/sirius

How Strange, The Form of Fear: Chapter 10 [Harry Potter]
Fandom: Harry Potter
Title: How Strange, The Form of Fear
Chapter: 10: Christmas Day
Summary: In school, the Remus and Sirius perform a complicated spell to marry their thoughts in a subtle but intricate union. Fluffy beginning, epic-length, angsty ending. It sticks somewhat close to canon throughout.
This Chapter: Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, a religious crisis, and the Lupins come for dinner.
Characters/Pairings: Remus/Sirius, eventual James/Lily
Rating/Warnings: NC-17.
AN: Unbeta'd.
Word Count: 2366

Chapter 10: Christmas Day

Christmas Eve, according to the muggle poem that Remus grew up with, was supposed to be quiet: "not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse," and all that. If so, their bedroom certainly failed to get the message. What had begun as lazy kisses turned into something more, as it was wont to do pretty much any time the two of them had a room alone together and began on lazy kisses. Still, it being Christmas Eve, Sirius was more giving than usual.

Sirius really really liked it in the back passage. Since their joining, Remus was coming to understand why that was. Every time he fucked Sirius, he felt the explosion of electricity that seemed to arch up and down all of Sirius' nerve endings echoing through his own. He almost never got through sex anymore without trying to get Sirius to shove a finger or two inside of him, always in an attempt to gain for himself that all-over-buzzed sensation Sirius was feeling. Remus had already reasoned with himself about a thousand times that it seemed Sirius' body was uniquely designed to give him pleasure in this way, and the secondary pleasure even Remus could feel from Sirius' climaxes were easily the equal of what Remus got from fucking. Sirius was somehow wired to be fucked.

And yet, with all of this increased appreciation of Sirius' point of view, and even with the enjoyment of having fingers in himself, Remus simply did not have the desire to be fucked again. He'd done it several times and simply hadn't enjoyed it. He was coming to believe that he wasn't built the same way as Sirius, and that maybe it was a good thing, chancing as they did to have between themselves one bloke who liked to do the poking and one who liked to be poked. Furthermore, Sirius never suggested it. Remus knew the truth about that: Sirius liked to get fucked and Sirius Black had a selfish streak about a furlong wide. If Sirius' overall character wasn't so huge as to dwarf that, it could have been a major flaw.

Christmas Eve sex, though, with Sirius being generous in general, made Remus feel that he might ask for more. What more, he didn't know and couldn't say, so really, asking for that was out of the question.

Sirius, though, didn't wait for him to ask. Sirius was in the habit of taking what he wanted and giving what he liked, and so Remus tried not to think about what was happening when Sirius coaxed Remus onto his stomach and then began to lick at Remus' arsehole, moaning all the while. Remus didn't react at first. To be honest, he was just too shocked by what was happening. Then exactly what was happening managed to pass through his brain: Sirius was putting his tongue in Remus' arsehole, the same place he had just taken a dump out of not a couple hours earlier. He wanted to feel sick. He actually did spare a thought for being self-conscious, but it wasn't like arseholes were supposed to smell like roses, right? Plus, it didn't seem like Sirius minded at all...

And this was the thought that passed straight from his brain to his cock. Sirius didn't mind. Sirius sounded like Christmas had come fucking early by the sounds he was making back there, and Remus could feel Sirius trying to do better, get in deeper, pull Remus' cheeks apart farther.

Remus came with a strangled cry, twisting his arse away from Sirius' grip as Sirius laughed, probably thrilled at his new-found ability to bring Remus off this way. Cocky arse, Sirius Black. He thought he was some kind of god-given gift to sex.

Remus was too well-fucked to admit that maybe Sirius had actually earned some of the cockiness.

*****

When he breached his reverie, Remus realized he'd been sitting, staring at the fairy ring and coven dance around Jesus long enough for his tea to grow cold. Chilly arms shivered around his waist, and Remus knew it was Sirius who had brought him back to this planet from his own strange wanderings.

"Did your family do this whole Jesus thing?" Remus asked as Sirius folded himself comfortable into a sitting position on the floor behind Remus.

"Yeah," Sirius sighed. "We floo'd every Sunday to mass at Lesnes Abbey. It's a ruin down in Bexley, or so the muggles think. A muggle-born wizard bought it a couple hundred years ago and sold it to the highest bidder, which actually happened to be the Blacks, so the family owns the Abbey. It's quite heavily charmed to keep the muggles from finding out that it's more than a rubble pile."

"Who-- if you don't mind my asking, who conducts mass?"

"Oh, some Roman bloke. Latin mass and all that."

"I... Sirius, I had no idea you were Catholic."

"Well, that's a bit of a stretch," Sirius' warm breath ruffled into Remus' ear. "Wizarding Catholic isn't proper Roman Catholic anymore. We split off about the time of the fall of the Holy Roman Empire. I thought you paid attention in History of Magic?"

"When did we cover this in History of Magic?"

"Well, I don't know. I don't pay attention."

Remus smiled. Sirius could always make him smile. "So you don't believe in all of Merlin's paganism, then?"

"Oh, yeah we do. Well, I dunno about me personally. I believe in my wand. I believe in you." He started dripping warm nibbling kisses along the back of Remus' neck. Remus reached out and plucked up a dancing witch.

"Oi, put me down!" She screeched. Sirius laughed, while Remus obliged her.

"I'm not sure I get all this religious... nonsense. My mother's Catholic. I mean, Roman Catholic, not Wizarding Catholic. But I wasn't ever allowed to be. I thought it was alright because wizards didn't need that bunk."

"And we don't," Sirius answered with finality. "Look at the Potters. They don't drive themselves mad by drinking blood and eating someone's-- you don't want that, Remus. I know you don't, and your parents were right to keep you away from it."

"Drinking... blood? The transubstantiation, Sirius? You've had your first communion?"

"If you're angling to get me in a white dress--"

"Do Wizarding parishes use blood?" Remus heard the alarm in his voice.

"What... what do muggle parishes use?" Sirius' voice was tentative and stiff.

"You've drank blood. This is what you're telling me?"

"I'm telling you," Sirius answered with audible impatience, "that you ought to stay away from that crap. I ought to, also. Every-bloody-one ought to keep away from blood magic, in my own personal opinion."

"It is! Wizarding Eucharist transfigures the wine!"

"Maybe they used to," Sirius answered flatly, "but that was before they realized how much less a waste it would be to just kill a muggle and drink theirs instead. Wizards like wine."

Remus disentangled himself from Sirius and rose to his feet rather abruptly. He couldn't say what he found so disturbing about all of this exactly-- or rather, he didn't know what was most disturbing, or why he would try to take it out on Sirius, but Remus simply felt as if he needed some sort of motion. He stalked to the kitchen and put several biscuits on a plate for himself. Sirius followed. Remus took the plate and went to sit on the couch, staring at the flickering blue lights of the tree. Sirius followed him there as well, sitting next to Remus, but not close, not touching. Sirius was juggling one orange, something he'd presumably brought back from the kitchen himself when Remus had gone for the biscuits. They sat in tense silence, and Remus knew Sirius was waiting for him to talk. Remus also knew when Sirius gave up by the fact that Sirius stopped tossing the orange and deigned to peeling it instead, popping aromatic segments into his mouth sloppily so that the juice ran down his chin and wrists. Remus couldn't even express how calming the homey smell was. He suspected Sirius-- smell-oriented Padfoot-- had thought so as well when he'd picked out the fruit.

"I feel left out, everyone else believing in religion." Remus tried to put a smile into his words, maybe even a laugh, as if it were a joke. "Who knows, maybe werewolves have a religion as well." Sirius' eyes rolled, and Remus felt a jolt of anger.

"This is all about feeling sorry for yourself, then?" Sirius popped another segment into his mouth with a slurping noise.

"I don't know what you mean about--"

"Not being the same as everyone else makes you feel so bloody different, that it?"

"That is the definition of different, you might take care to notice."

"We're all different, Remus. I'm different to my family because I don't like to make a snack out of some poor bloke's blood on Sunday mornings. You're different to me because you get ill once a month, and it frustrates the hell out of me that the entire world has to grind to a halt for one night--"

"Well, excuse me--"

"You're different to Fenrir's werewolves because you aren't one of them, even if you have got the same illness."

Remus sighed and, coming to terms with the fact that he wouldn't be getting a word in edgewise, jammed a biscuit in his mouth.

"Or maybe now you're brooding 'cause you've got to sit around and decide what you want to believe?"

"Shove off, Sirius," Remus mumbled with a full mouth.

Sirius slid closer and dropped his head onto Remus' shoulder. "Sorry. Didn't mean to fight or anything."

"'S fine. You're right, I'm caring about this too much."

"Yeah, you are. Happy Christmas, then."

Remus smiled and shoved a bit of biscuit into Sirius' mouth. "Happy Christmas."

*****

Bess Potter strode into her living room on Christmas morning, only to interrupt two boys curled together on the couch whispering and laughing. She didn't back away.

"Merry Christmas, then, both of you. How long have you been up?"

Sirius pulled a bit of Remus' arm off his head to peer up at her. "Maybe an hour." Remus blushed furiously and tried to untangle himself, but Sirius was having none of it, and Bess had to admit she was proud of Sirius for that.

"No, don't trouble yourselves," she spoke specifically to Remus. "Nothing to do now but wait for the lazy-heads."

"Who are you calling lazy?" Lionel's baritone boomed through the house as he came up behind Bess to hug her. "Happy Christmas, everyone," he smiled at the boys. Sirius answered immediately, but Remus had to clear his throat first.

"I'm going to put on coffee, do I have any takers?" Lionel asked everyone present, all of whom said yes, even as a cracking voice called from upstairs, "I'll have some, Dad."

"Right then, five cups at least. We're going to have to get a bigger coffee pot! Every time I turn around our family gets bigger," he grumbled good-naturedly.

"Better not be getting any larger," Remus gave Sirius a meaningful look.

Sirius barked out a rough, joyful laugh. "Don't worry, Evans taught me a good contraceptive potion."

Bess giggled and went to help Lionel in the kitchen.

*****

"So, you're a werewolf hunter, Moony tells me."

As things go, Remus Lupin figured there were better ways to start Christmas dinner conversations with his parents than accusing his dad of hunting him, and using the nickname that his parents felt was degrading. Everyone stopped eating for a second to stare at Sirius. Sirius wasn't flustered. In fact, Remus could easily guess that it was just the reaction he'd been going for. This was so like Pads. He never seemed to like it when people tiptoed around Remus' lycanthropy. He certainly didn't tiptoe himself, and neither would he let Remus use euphemisms. Sirius was the world's greatest hater of all euphemisms. Sirius like to be fucked by a boy who was a werewolf, and to Sirius the world was just that simple, nothing to hide.

"Um," Mr. Lupin swallowed his mouthful heavily, "you understand I don't... I mean, I wouldn't..."

"Dad, he's just being a pain in the neck, he's not accusing you of anything," Remus muttered to his plate of chicken.

"Oh. Uh. Yeah, well, the Lupins, you see--"

"Oh, I understand," Sirius grinned. "I come from a long long of werewolf hunters myself. And vampire hunters. And giant hunters, goblin hunters. In fact-- they were also muggle hunters and muggle-born hunters, and also liked to kill blood traitors like the Potters here, so I reckon your folks and mine'd get along splendidly." Sirius nodded and crammed a pile of greens into his mouth. Around it, he continued. "Idn't amazing how much ignorance there is in the world. Eh?" When Mr. Lupin simply gaped at Sirius' greens-filled smile, Sirius kicked Remus. "Eh, Moony?"

Remus, despite his absolute horror over the situation, laughed. "You're ridiculous. You're scaring my parents. And eating like a dog."

Sirius tilted his head to the side and smiled at Remus, winking.

"Oh get a room," James groaned.

"Oh nice," Sirius rolled his eyes at James, "now I need a room to wink, James?"

"It wasn't the winking and you know it. You were doing that thing."

"What thing?" Sirius sounded affronted.

"That 'everyone look at me I'm Sirius Black and I'm in love with Remus Lupin' thing, and it drives me bonkers 'cause we all already know Sirius. What do you want, applause?"

The corner of Sirius' mouth shot up. "Pie, Prongs. I want pie. Mum made pecan. Though I wouldn't say no to applause."

James, despite himself, laughed and shook his head.

"I do have pecan, as well as raspberry, and cranberry scones," Mrs. Potter broke in. "Do you bake, Martha?" she asked Remus' mum. Remus felt a flush of gratefulness at this redirection of the conversation. His parents were still rather dubious about Padfoot, and Sirius really ought trouble himself to be somewhat less of an ass around them, for once.

But, alas, Remus knew there was little Sirius Black troubled himself to do, not even for the love of Remus Lupin. Most especially since he already had that.