Author's Note: Before I wrote this story, I already have an ending in mind. It came to me in a dream, I can picture them as if they are real. And for me, this is the only way for such a beautiful love supposed to end. So please, understand why I ended it this way. Their love was so beautiful, and they should always stay together forever. This is for my little sis, Sandy Taty. I love you, girl. May you shine on always.

I remember when I woke up that morning that something is different. But, its no different like waking up each morning to a familiar arm around me, a familiar scent, a familiar heat. As if our bodies are connected, and I would feel lost if ever Yuki leaves or if he is not there.

I woke up with the wonderful feeling of kisses. My body melting, and curving to those wonderful lips showering my body with hot kisses and little bites. Then his heavenly voice, that never fails to bring tingle down my spine, tickling me to no end.

"Brat…I want to make love to you." He whispered, trailing kisses on the side of my neck as he climb on top of me. He was already hard and ready, and I'm already creaming from those kisses alone.

There isn't a time for this, we should be getting ready for the wedding. But I said yes.

"Yes, Yuki, yes, take me." I replied with the same heated passion of my own, as I grabbed him closer, closing the gap between us.

"Don't worry, we got time. They know, they will wait." He said, assuring me, reading my mind like always.

I know he was right. But even if we didn't, I wouldn't care just as long as I am with him.

We took it slow, savoring the feeling of each other's skin. There is something different about today. There is something different about Yuki. He is much more quiet than usual. Much needy. I would always catch him looking at me, staring at me with those golden eyes, I feel myself being pulled in, drown in those golden pools of wonder. He would take my hand at every opportunity and kiss it, or lean down and kiss me. Soulful kisses that leaves me breathless and confuse. He would embrace me for no reason. And I'm frightened by these signs, it leaves me wondering if it is a premonition for something. Or is he leaving me?

I touched his wonderful face, "Yuki, what's wrong? Is something the matter, do you want to tell me something?" I asked, gently.

He smiled slowly and kissed me again, that had me moaning and yearning for more. But I mustn't be distracted. I don't want to embarrassed myself in front of our family and friends at the wedding if he decides to break off with me in lieu of all the nasty things I have done to him. I pushed him gently away.

"You're scaring me, Yuki. Tell me what's going on? Did I do something bad? What are you thinking?" I asked, searching those eyes for answers but the man is an enigma of puzzle, an intricate puzzle that would take years to decipher.

He pulled me close, kissed the top of my head. "Nothing, brat. There's nothing wrong. I'm just making up for those times we've been away from each other. I'm just filling myself with you, I need more of Shuichi. I had been empty of you for far too long, I'm dry and empty. I need little you's to fill me up again."

I looked at him confused. He continued patiently.

"Inside of me, there's you. Its what makes me exist. You fill me up and make me whole. Whenever we have fights, whenever we break up, I run on empty. I'm like a shell, hollow and dry. No purpose and useless. Because I'm without you. We two are one, brat. You and me. One cannot live without the other, we are made and molded to be a pair. I need you to live, to exist. Because I can never be whole again, me again, without you." Yuki said, his words filling me up the same way he says I fill him up.

I looked at him, with tears in my eyes. "Oh, Yuki." I croaked.

He laughed and embraced me hard. "Shhh…there you go crying again."

"I'm just so happy." I said, embracing him hard, my chest aching so hard for this man.

Shuichi was a beautiful bride. Like a cut out from Arabian nights. A long silky robe, with attached blue tunic and a sash of velvet light blue belt, make up for his wedding attire and the scarf from Tohma Seguchi also tied around his waist, on his head was the veil of silk organza with the tiara to complete his headdress. He looks like an Arabian prince. There were tiny silver bells attached to his ankles, something borrowed from his sister.

The setting was at the pier, with a trail of rose petals carpeted the path leading to the altar…leading to Yuki. Torches where lit all around because it was still a little dark, the dawn of the early morning. Barefoot, Shuichi began his walk leading to the altar where Yuki awaits.

Garbed in a simple white dress shirt and chinos, Yuki looked so handsome standing there. Hiro standing beside him, looking so regal in his white shirt and white pants.

The air was solemn even the kids behaved in their seats watching the affair with eye of wonder and awe. But one of them was curious enough to reach out for the flapping veil trailing behind Shuichi's head, one tiny hand pulled. Shuichi was caught off balance, the first thing he did was grabbed for the flying tiara, the tiny hand was slapped, the veil flew to the sea.

Yuki ran after it, he was able to grab it in mid air. Everyone clapped and cheered. "Way to go, Yuki!' Shuichi cheered.

But the groom is wet, everyone was laughing. "How's the water, Yuki san? Should we continue the wedding there with you?" K teased.

Yuki smiled good-naturedly, they reached out for the veil. Hiro reached out his hand to help the wet groom up the rocks, "Here, Yuki grabbed my hand." He called.

Shuichi's heart was thumping, "No, go around Yuki." He said, seeing the protruding jagged rock corrals around the pier. Its not high but slippery.

"It would be okay." K said, stepping up, about to reach for the former novelist and haul him up the dock.

As Yuki reached out for both K and Hiro's hands, his foot slip and he slipped back in the water. They all laughed because now the groom is soaking wet. But when he didn't surface, K jumped in to fish him out. Shuichi wanted to jump right in after him but Hiro grabbed him. "Don't worry, K got him."

He was laughing when K helped him out of the water. Now the groom is soaked to the skin. Someone draped a blanket around him. He was smiling when he reached Shuichi's side, he leaned down and gave his wife a kiss.

"Eiri, that should come after the vows." Tohma teased, and everyone laughed.

"We're doing this our way." He shout back, without looking. He got the veil and the tiara and put it back on Shuichi's head.

"Should we say our vows, my love?" Yuki whispered, as he touched Shuichi's face.

Shuichi fumbled with the bandana from his waist, the one Tohma gave him. He was so worried, and here he is standing before him now. His heart jumped in his throat when Yuki dropped back in the water and K had to rescue him. There were tears in his eyes. Out of relief or out of fright, he couldn't tell. His heart is still pounding. Looking for any tell tale sign if he is really okay, except for the cut on his forehead, he looked perfectly normal, a little wet but the same Yuki.

"Y-You cut yourself, Yuki." He said, a little breathless, his hands shaking as he tied the bandana over the cut. Yuki reached for his hands, and kissed them.

"I'm alright. Let's get this vows over with so I can be with you." Yuki whispered in his ear. Which had Shuichi blushing.

"Ehem! Yuki san, we can't hear the vows, are we supposed to be here or do you want us to leave?" K teased. Everyone laughed.

Yuki waved at them, smiling. He got down on one knee, still holding Shuichi's hand.

"I, Eiri Uesugi, in the eyes of man and in the presence of the ultimate holy one, vowed to love you, cherish you, hold you precious and keep you close to me, from this day forward till I breathe my last. I will be with you always and no matter how hard the times must come, I will stay by you, to keep you safe, to protect you and hold you next to my heart, from this lifetime to the next, no matter what form, no matter what time, I would only know one life, and that is ours, and I would only know one truth and that is you. I take you again Shuichi Uesugi as my partner, my other half, the one who holds the key to my heart and the only person next to the supreme being I hold up above the rest. I love you Shuichi, from this day forward and for all the lifetime we would be together." These were the same vows he made when they first got married. He still remember them by heart.

Everyone was quiet that morning as they watched two people who have loved so much and now, renewing their love to one another. Yuki placed the new ring on his wife's finger, next to the first ring he gave him.

Shuichi looked up, eyes watering with so much happiness, he almost didn't say his vows, he was so happy he could burst, "With this ring, I unite with you, and promised to be with you, from this day forward and for the rest of my life. I will vow to honor you, cherish you and love you with all of my heart."

After the vows were made, the crowd cheered the couple. Shuichi was so happy, he almost forgot how worried he was about Yuki. He was about to reach for him again, but Yuki waved a kiss to him, smiling with tears in his eyes. Mouthing the words I love you. His husband pitched forward, and then started convulsing in spasm, his mouth frothing. Everyone frozen, K scooped the former novelist and rush to the van, Hiro caught Shuichi in his arms as he fainted.

When Shuichi woke up, he had a feeling of déjà vu. He felt like he had done this scene before, but something was different. Instead of Yuki looming in front of him, it was Hiro, next to him was K and Suguru.

"You're awake." Hiro said.

"Yuki!" he called.

K gently pushed him back in bed, "He's in surgery, Shui chan. Just lie down. He would be fine. He is in good hands."

Intracranial hemorrhage. Shuichi heard Tohma whispered to Hiro when they thought he was still sleeping. Apparently, the recent head trauma had been worse than when he was run over by the car back in Paris. Chances are slim, and Shuichi didn't want to hear anymore. He cried and cried until fell asleep.

Suguru was shaking him awake. "Shuichi chan, Yuki is here." He said. Shuichi bolted up the bed.

Yuki made it from surgery. And all they could do now is pray. They shaved his glorious golden locks since they opened up his head, there's a hose in his mouth, and a big bandage wrapped around his head.

When Shuichi reached for his hand it was so cold and lifeless. Why did it have to be like this? They were barely back together and now this.

"Yuki, I need you. I can't go on like this. How could you do this to me after pampering with so much love? What am I going to with myself now? Damn you." He cried, gripping the cold hand, warming them with his tears.

"Please wake up, get up, Yuki. Please wake up." He cried.

Mika was there, watching the younger man just stare at her brother day in and day out. He would just sit there and cry, calling for his husband. He wouldn't eat, he wouldn't sleep, if he does, it would be by Yuki's bedside. She got up and put an arm around him.

"Shuichi." She called, patting his shoulder, waking him up from his trance.

Shuichi looked up to her and turned to her and started crying again.

"Shuichi." She called again. She slap him. That got his attention.

"Stop crying. Eiri is right there. He might be in a coma but he is there. If you talk to him, he can hear you. But I don't think he would be happy hearing you like this. And knowing what you are doing to yourself." Mika said.

Shuichi looked at her and stopped crying.

"Wouldn't it better if you tell him that you love him, that you are here waiting for him? That no matter what happens, just as long as he is not suffering anymore you would still be here loving him." Mika said, her voice shook. Tohma took her shoulder but she brushed him away.

"You don't know him, do you, Shuichi? You really don't know my brother that well." She said, her eyes fierce now. She reached for Yuki's arm and caress it.

"Yuki is strong. He is a fighter. He had been through a lot in his life but no matter what happens, he always come back, he always gets back in his feet and move on." She continued. Shuichi nodded, with a smile.

"Yes, he is. I know him. I know part of him that some people don't know, not even you." Shuichi said, looking up to Mika.

Mika smiled, "Then why are you moping around and crying? You think when Eiri wakes he's going to like you doing that? He would probably smack you on the head and told you you're noisy." She said.

Then Shuichi laughed, he probably would. Even if he just had his skull opened, the first Yuki would have done is smack him and tell him he is noisy again.

When Hiro gave him a sandwich, his best friend didn't have to force him to eat it. He took it and eat it heartily. They smiled at the sudden change in Shuichi. He was singing to Yuki. He was telling him stuff about his new school, his new friends, and he said he had been composing a song for Yuki, he didn't get it finished in time for the wedding. But he promised Yuki when he wakes up, it would done for him.

I don't know if I was fooling myself or pretending to fool myself that Yuki will be okay. That there will come a time that Yuki will open his eyes. But if he does, will he be the same Yuki? Will he be the same man that I have loved for the past fifteen years of my life since I met him? The doctor says he might wake up or he might not. If he does, there's no guarantee that he will be the same man. He had an accident when he was in Paris, he was so lucky that he survive that. This time, the blow on his head had some complications, the doctors pulled a miracle when they saved him.

I touched his hand, I always touch him every moment I get. Because I don't know what the future brings, if I'm going to have these moments again. What did he told me before? Making up for those times that we were apart? Filling himself up of me because he is empty without me? Oh, Yuki. To me, you are the very air I breathe. My lifeline. I don't know if I will ever survive if you leave. But, I don't want you to suffer. You have suffered enough.

"I love you, Yuki. I love you with my life. You are everything that any man could ever want for someone to love and more. You have given me so much, much more than I deserve. But, if you're tired or if you are in pain. I will understand. Because I know no matter where I am and wherever you go, we will always be together. My heart. You are my heart, Yuki. You will always stay with me." Shuichi said, as he lay his head next to Yuki, brushing the remaining blond locks creeping out of the bandage.

Then he smiled, and leaned and kissed Yuki's cheek. "I finished the song, Yuki. I will sing it to you." He said, and got his notebook.

He had mixed feelings when he wrote that song. Not knowing how to write it or if you Yuki will still be able to hear it. But no matter, he will say goodbye to the old Yuki he had loved. He knew if Yuki did survive, he will not be the same person he had loved, but inside that stranger is his Yuki. His life. His love. His partner. His best friend. His better half.

"…..We used to be frightened and scared to try
Of things we don't really understand why
We laugh for a moment and start to cry, We were crazy

Now that the end is already here
We reminisce 'bout old yells and cheers
Even if our last hurrahs were never clear

Farewell to you my friend
We'll see each other again
Don't cry 'cause it's not the end of everything
I may be miles away
But here is where my heart will stay
With you, my friend with you

Yesterday's a treasure, today is here
Tomorrows' on its way, the sky is clear
Thank you for the mem'ries of all the laughters and tears
And not to mention our doubts and our fears
The hypertension we gave to our peers
It's really funny to look back after all of these years

Farewell to you my friend
We'll see each other again
Don't cry 'cause it's not the end of everything
I may be miles away
But here is where my heart will stay
With you, my friend with you

Farewell to you my friend
We'll see each other again
Don't cry 'cause it's not the end of everything
I may be miles away
But here is where my heart will stay
With you, my friend with you
With you, my friend with only you….."

Shuichi was crying while he sang that song. But he was also smiling at the same time. "Wherever you go, my love. Go where you won't feel hurt anymore. Don't worry about me. I would be alright. I have fifteen years of happy memories, Yuki. All fifteen years of you, my love." He said, as he took his hand again, showering them with kisses and tears. "I love you, Eiri. I love you so much. Take my heart wherever you decide to go." He said.

He felt Yuki squeezed his hand back, he was surprised and when he looked at his angel's face, his eyes where open.

"Yuki!" he cried.

He was about to call the doctor. But Yuki gripped his hand tighter, looking at him with pleading eyes. Shuichi smiled, understanding. Shuichi removed the tape and the long hose connected to his mouth.

"Thank you, my love. Thank you for saying goodbye. I love you, Yuki Eiri. I love you so much!" Shuichi said, he was crying. But he leaned down and kissed him.

"B-rat." Yuki called weakly. "Th-ank you fo-r the song. I l-ove y-ou, Shui-chi." Squeezing his hand harder.

Shuichi let out a whimper and hug him tight. Kissing his face, his lips. Absorbing the last of his warmth. "You are welcome, Yuki. I will see you later, alright? I love you, Yuki. Have a safe journey." Shuichi said.

And when he looked at Yuki, he could barely talk anymore. Shuichi leaned closer and kissed him, he knew it will be the last time. "Take my love with you." He said. When he looked again. Yuki's eyes were close forever.

Shuichi stood at the docks where he first saw Yuki the first time when his husband came back to Japan. Yuki had prepared for everything. The house was already under his name. Yuki had insurances and trust funds set up for his wife. He wanted to make sure that wherever his journey take him, his wife will be safe. He requested Shuichi to stay at this house. Where he thought they would be making new memories, where they would lived for the rest of their lives. Yuki was gone. But Shuichi doesn't feel lonely. He is happy. Because everywhere he looked in the house, he finds Yuki. He didn't want to change anything. Sometimes he would watch their old videos, and fall in love with the man all over again. Hiro said it was unhealthy doing that, he should keep it and try to get a life of his own, now that he is alone. Hiro said that Yuki wouldn't want him to shut himself inside the house and mope around and cry over him. But Shuichi smiled.

"You don't understand, Hiro. I am not sad. I am not lonely. I do miss Yuki. And I want to remember him longer. It would be awhile before I stop remembering him. He knows that I will make myself stronger, because this time we are one now. He said that to me before, that we are one. I will survive this because he will stay with me always." Shuichi said, unconsciously, he fingered the locket around his neck. They didn't question him when he said that he wanted Yuki to be cremated. A small vial of Yuki's ashes is around his neck now, right next to his heart. The rest is in an urn, sitting on his side of the bed where he said Yuki can watch over him.

A wind caress his cheeks. "Yuki." He called, smiling. "Yes, its getting cold. Time to make dinner. You know, Yuki. I know how to make instant noodles now. So, don't worry, I won't burn down our house." He said, with a laugh. He glanced sideways, imagining the man smirking at him and saying something. He smiled again. "Let's go home, love." He said, to breeze that caressed his cheeks one more.

Sometimes life isn't fair. That sometimes, its so hard to accept things. I had lost someone. And it was so hard for me to accept that he is gone. Gone before I could have more memories with him, gone before he could realize how much he had affected me. How much he is a part of my whole being. That at times, I can't forgive the world for taking him away from me so soon. But whenever I remember him, I sometimes cry. But I don't feel sad anymore. Because even though he is no longer with me, I know, he is in another plane of existence, watching over me. And yes, there will come a time we will see each other again. So, I won't say goodbye. But, see you later. So, see you later, Yuki. I will see you again soon.

Owari

Notes: I hope you guys will still like this ending of this story. Even though some of you won't agree that Yuki died here. But, I hope I did justice in his passing. That the scene is right for the story, that Yuki had to go. I know this is a sad story. But I hope you enjoyed as much as I put my heart into writing it.

The song in this story is not mine, its sung by a local artist, Raymond Lauchengco, Farewell. I change it a bit to fit the story. I sang this during my graduation in high school. And it never fails to make me cry. So, I do hope you like my version of Gravitation. Please leave me feedbacks. And for those who didn't like that Yuki died, please don't leave hate notes. Please try to understand that this is just a story. That all I did was write it as I see it fit for the story. Thank you for taking the time to read this.