I want to tell you about how I became who I am today. I never
intended for things to turn out this way but it's too late to
change now. I am who I am! I still feel like the events of that
Saturday night happened to someone else. I was so drunk. It was
like I was an observer, rather than a participant. If it hadn't
been for the physical evidence and my very sore fanny the next
day, I would have almost thought it was just a dream.

My name is Sara. Without an "H"! It always pisses me off when
people get that wrong! I was 16 at the time. I'm 5ft 4in tall. I
have long brown hair and small to average breasts. I wish they
were bigger! I do have a really tight body though. I did
gymnastics after school three days a week. I love sport, mainly
soccer, and I am very fit.

I went to a party that Saturday night. It was the usual teenage
party! Josh's parents were away. There were lots of alcohol and
mild drugs available. I was still living at home but my parents
weren't very strict. I was supposed to be staying at a
girlfriend's house that night, so I wasn't expected home until
Sunday afternoon. The party was huge! Just about every teenager
in town must have been there. A slight exaggeration! Over 50 of
us though. Mostly boys! Maybe 15 or so girls! I was having a
great time. I was horny as hell and out to get laid. Does that
shock you! Yes, girls like to just fuck sometimes as well. I
wasn't a virgin! Not even close! I lost my cherry when I was 12.
I had only had three boyfriends, but I have had a few one night
stands as well, mostly in the previous year. I love how they call
them one night stands. With teenage boys, they are mostly 5
minute stands! The point is I wasn't completely sweet and
innocent. I had fucked or blown seven or eight of the boys who
were at the party that night in the previous year or two. This
was mostly my regular social crowd with a few boys from nearby
schools that I didn't know. The party was really rocking. I was
putting away the drinks pretty quickly. I was trying to get drunk
and succeeding admirably. Most of the other girls that were there
were with their boyfriends, so I was getting lots of attention
from the boys who weren't attached.

It was a nice warm night and Josh suggested going for a swim in
the pool. There was already a few guys in there. Skinny dipping
of course! I really had the hots for Josh so I agreed but I kept
my panties on. Josh was all over me in the pool. Kissing and
touching. I was enjoying the attention. I was kissing him back
and letting his hands wander without too much resistance. I had
already decided he was the one I was going to fuck that night! At
one point he had me up against the wall of the pool, kissing me
and squeezing my tits, below the waterline. Then he put his hand
down my panties and slipped his finger inside me. I was getting
fingered right there, with about seven other boys in the pool
with us. I was pretty sure they knew what was going on.

A little while later, Josh got out of the pool to go and get us
both a drink. The other boys started gathering round but I had
made my decision so it was just a bit of harmless flirting. I was
waiting for Josh to come back! We were all laughing and water
fighting. Most of them were using that as an excuse to cop a
feel. One of them even tried to finger me but I wriggled away.
They all managed to fondle my tits though. I had hands going
everywhere and only two hands to stop them but It was still
just harmless playing around.

Eventually I realised Josh had been gone a long time. I got out
of the pool, despite the protests from the boys, and went looking
for him. I picked up a T shirt from the deck chair and went
inside. I couldn't see Josh anywhere! I thought maybe he was in
the bathroom but it had been a long time so I went to make sure
he was alright. He wasn't in the bathroom but I need to go, so I
locked the door. While I was sitting there on the toilet, I could
hear noises coming through the wall from the bedroom next door.
Someone was having fun! It was obvious they were having sex! Then
I heard Josh's voice!

I finished in the bathroom and went next door! Josh and some
other guys were tag teaming one of the girls. Josh had his cock
in her mouth and the other guy was fucking her. A third guy was
standing back waiting for his turn. I was mightily pissed off!
The guy I had set my sights on was being blown by another girl,
right in front of me. Josh looked up and saw me! He looked
stunned for a moment then started to say something. I just said
'fuck you' and walked out. I was really annoyed. I have always
managed to get any guy I set my sights on. Being thrown over for
a tall blonde bimbo, ten minutes after I let him finger me,
really hurt my pride.

I went back out to the pool area to get my clothes and go home. I
found my top but couldn't see my jeans, or bra anywhere. The guys
were calling for me to come back in the pool, but I just wanted
to leave. Then one of them called my name and I saw that he was
waving my bra in the air from the centre of the pool. One of the
other guys did the same thing with my jeans. I asked them to give
them to me but they just kept saying 'come and get them'. I
didn't really have much choice. I took off the T shirt I had
borrowed and jumped in. Naturally that didn't do any good. It
just turned into a game with the boys tossing my bra around and
me chasing them. I was pissed off at first but eventually my mood
changed and I started to laugh along with them. More of the same
sort of water fighting as before happened. Only this time my goal
was to get my bra back. Their goal was a bit different!

I was play fighting with them. We were in a tight group at the
time. I was trying to get my bra from Steve who was holding it
above his head. He was much taller than me so I couldn't reach
but he was enjoying my bare breasts rubbing up against him as I
tried to reach high enough. Whenever my arms were outstretched,
reaching for my bra, the other guys would grab my tits or stick
their hands between my legs. Then the bra would be passed to
someone else and the whole thing was repeated. Everybody got a
good feel. The other guys were touching me and squeezing my tits
when suddenly, someone pulled my panties down! I don't know who
it was! I squealed and tried to stop them but it happened so fast
and I was obstructed by hands all over me. Now the game continued
except I was totally naked and I had both my bra and panties to
get back. I was unsuccessful of course! There was about eight of
them and they were all bigger and stronger than me.

Eventually I gave up and things settled down a bit. I became more
relaxed about being naked in the pool with a group of boys. Two
of them, David and Ian were friends with Josh. They had me pinned
against the wall and were kissing and touching me all over. I
knew both of them from school and I was seriously thinking about
letting them take me to one of the bedrooms. I was still pissed
off with Josh and fucking two of his friends in his house, was
starting to seem like a good way to get revenge. I said 'I need a
drink' and David offered to get me one. A few minutes later he
came back and gave me a drink of something. After that things got
a little hazy. I still don't know if the drink was 'spiked' or if
I was just really drunk. Either way, things started to get out of
my control. The guys who had me pinned against the wall were
getting serious. One of them was always kissing me which made
protesting difficult. Their hands were all over me and one of
them started fingering me. Things just got more and more heated.
It wasn't a game anymore. They were being seriously passionate. I
was in the shallow end of the pool now so my tits were out of the
water for all to see. I was getting really hot with these two
feeling me up and taking turns fingering me. I kind of forgot
about all the other guys in the pool.

I broke away from David who was kissing me and turned around to
reach for my drink. They both didn't stop touching me the whole
time. Ian came up behind me and reached around with both hands,
cupping my tits. I was having a drink and was still leaning
forward on the edge of the pool when he slid his cock inside me
from behind. It surprised the hell out of me! I really wasn't
expecting it. It happened so quickly and my drink went down the
wrong way. I started to choke on my drink and put the glass
down. Ian didn't even pause. He kept fucking me while I was
choking! Before I could get my breath back, David jumped up and
sat on the side of the pool and slid in front of me. His cock was
hard and right in my face. As soon as I stopped choking on the
Vodka, he grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head down,
shoving his cock in my mouth. Before I even knew what was
happening, I was getting it from both ends!

Like I said, I was very drunk, maybe even drugged and it was like
this was all happening to someone else. David was holding my
hair in his fist and was pulling my head up and down on his cock
and I wasn't resisting. I may have even been cooperating! His
cock was getting really hard now and he was pushing it all the
way down my throat. I've always found it easy to swallow cock. I
know lots of girls that say they gag, but I have never had that
problem. I was deep throating him, and he was loving it. Ian gave
an almighty thrust and came inside me, pushing me forward and my
head came off David's cock for a moment. Then Ian pulled out. I
felt the sudden absence of his cock much more than I felt him
fucking me. Isn't that strange?

I thought that David would jump in and start to fuck me then, but
he just pulled my head back down and I continued sucking him. I
still felt Ian's hands on my body from behind, reaching around
and squeezing my tits. Then he entered me again. His cock was
still as hard as a rock! Then I realised, it wasn't Ian! I had
forgotten all about the other guys in the pool and one of them
had just started fucking me. I knew most of the boys in the pool
but I was being fucked by one of them and I didn't even know who
it was!  I tried to lift my head up to put a stop to this. A
threesome was ok, I had done it before, but I wasn't intending on
getting gangbanged! David was still holding my hair and wouldn't
let me go. He had a good hold on my head and he was a lot
stronger than me. He just kept moving my head up and down on his
cock. I couldn't stop it. Things had gone too far for that and
besides, I was kind of enjoying it. After a while I stopped
resisting and started really sucking David's cock. The boy behind
me, whoever he was, just kept on fucking me.

Soon I felt the stranger behind me spasm and I had another load
of cum dumped inside me. When he pulled out, I wasn't surprised
that someone else immediately took his place. This guy must have
been huge. Even after two guys had just fucked me, and even with
me being very drunk and relaxed, I could feel him stretching me.
I reached between my legs and felt his cock and balls. They were
enormous! He soon warmed up and started giving it to me deeper
and harder. He was very thick but obviously not too long or it
would have hurt more, because he was really pounding into me! I
finally had my first orgasm at about the same time that David
came in my mouth. As he pulled out of my mouth, I let go a deep
moan of pure pleasure. I was coming like never before! It was
like a scene from a porn movie, but I couldn't stop myself. I had
another orgasm about thirty seconds after the first one. 

David was quickly replaced by one of the other guys from the pool
but I didn't see which one. Once again I found my head being
pulled up and down on a cock. I had two cocks inside me and I
didn't know the owner of either of them! The monster cock behind
me finally unloaded and boy did I feel it! He thrust forward so
hard I thought he was going to split me in two! I felt surge
after surge of his cum, splashing inside me. Finally he pulled
out and I felt empty as the cool pool water rushed in. Not for
long though! Another cock slid inside me, more easily this time
but he didn't seem to mind.

A few minutes later the guy in my mouth pulled my head up and
sprayed cum all over my face. I recognised him then. It was a boy
called Anthony who was in one of my classes. He let go of my
head and jumped back into the pool. For the first time I could
see more than just the belly of the boy in front of me. Everyone
from inside the house had come out to watch the show! About 20
people in front of me on the patio were all looking at my cum
covered face and watching me get fucked by multiple guys. I could
only see one girl. She was Julie, one of the girls I know from
school and she was there with her boyfriend. As I caught her eye,
she shook her head in disgust, grabbed her boyfriend's arm and
left. That left me as the only girl with seven or eight guys in
the pool and about another 18 guys in front of me.

I scooped up a handful of pool water and rinsed the cum off my
face. Soon after that, the guy fucking me came inside me. I was
still bent over the side of the pool and moaning with pleasure.
It was clear to everyone that I was enjoying myself. A couple of
the guys from the patio grabbed my arms and lifted me out of the
pool. They carried me inside and laid me on the kitchen table.
There were a few more guys inside. Not very many though. Most of
them had been outside watching me get fucked. One of the
guys slid me to the end of the table, lifted my legs over his
shoulders, and entered me. Another one at the side of the table
turned my head, pulled me towards his cock, and I started sucking
again.

Four or five more guys fucked me in the same way and another two
came on my face, then someone started taking pictures. I saw the
camera flash a few times but I was too far gone to care. I wasn't
really sucking cock anymore. I was in too much of a drunken daze
for that. The guys were just holding my head and fucking my face.
They seemed to enjoy pulling out and spraying my face rather than
coming in my mouth. Soon I was a real mess. I couldn't even open
my eyes and I started to drift off into a drunken stupor.

After a few more guys had cum in my cunt and on my face, they
carried me outside and threw me in the pool! That woke me up! I
guess they were just trying to clean me up without getting their
hands messy! I could hardly move but a couple of the guys in the
pool held me up. I was carried out of the pool again. I felt
hands drying me with a couple of towels, and then I was taken to
the main bedroom and thrown on the bed. I had barely hit the bed
when someone was on top of me and once again I was getting
fucked.

Someone else pulled my head towards their cock. I found I could
open my eyes again and I saw that it was Josh. I could taste cunt
juice on his cock and remembered the blonde he had been with
earlier. He had obviously fucked her and now he was making
me suck her cunt juices off his cock! A few minutes later the guy
fucking me came and Josh took his place and drove his cock deep inside my cunt. Now I was
finally getting what I wanted earlier, Josh was fucking me! It
wasn't quite the romantic evening I had planned on though. I have
no idea how many guys fucked me that night. Most of them! All of
them! Who knows? I just know it went on for a long
time.Eventually I totally passed out!

I was incredibly stiff and sore the next day. My tits were
bruised! My jaw ached! My cunt hurt! So did my ass! At least one
person had fucked me up the ass. I don't even remember that
happening! It must have been while I was unconscious.

When I woke up there were still a few guys awake and a lot more
crashed out all over the house. Two of them were in the bed with
me. It was nearly lunch time. My hair felt like it had a bottle
of glue squeezed into it with all the dried cum and I couldn't
open one eye, so I had a quick shower and washed my hair. When I
got out, I couldn't find any of my clothes. Josh gave me
something of his mothers. An old lady dress! Yuck! I live in a
small town so it was only a couple of miles home. I walked the
whole way, aching from head to toe. Nobody offered to drive me
home! I got home and got inside without being seen by mum or dad.
I had another couple of hours sleep and another shower before
showing myself downstairs. I felt sure that somehow, what I had
done would be written all over my face but everything was normal,
at home at least.

Back at school on Monday was different. The stories ran wild.
Everyone knew about it. The photos were being sent from phone to
phone. Apparently there was even a movie file, taken with
someone's camera phone, which was being shared around. Everyone
treated me like I was the town slut from then on. I lost all my
girlfriends. The boys showed me lots of attention but all they
were after was a quick fuck. I shut myself away for a few weeks
but teenagers are not solitary creatures. I started going out on
dates again. I was very lonely and looking for affection. With my
reputation, every boy that asked me out expected to get lucky and
I didn't disappoint them. Since I had lost all my real friends,
spreading my legs was the only way I could maintain a social
life. 

The girls at school called me a slut and a whore but the boys
kept asking me out. It got so a hand on my leg was all it took
for my legs to open wide. If a boy put his hand on my head or
shoulder and gave the slightest downwards pressure, I would drop
to my knees, open my mouth, and reach for his cock. I became
known as an easy lay. I was getting fucked four or five times a
week. Sometimes with more than one guy! Not another gangbang.
Just the occasional threesome!

One night I was in the park with two boys when one of the guys
said something like, "This slut is so loose. I can't touch the
sides". I was devastated because he was right. I had stopped
going to gymnastics and all the fucking was stretching my cunt
wide. I knew I had to do something. I started working out again.
I bought some heavy metal balls from a sex shop on line. You have
to hold them in your cunt, to force you to keep the muscles
tight. At first I couldn't hold even one without a great deal of
effort. It kept on slipping out when I lost concentration.
Gradually it got easier and I started going through the whole day
with one of them inside me. Occasionally it would slip out and
roll around in my panties until I popped it back in. Eventually I
could keep it in without even thinking about it. Then I inserted
two of them. The extra weight made it difficult again but I soon
got used to it. Then it was three. Then it was four. This took
several weeks and I was still getting fucked almost nightly
during the process. Nevertheless, I soon got my body and my cunt
back in shape.

I was getting nailed by a couple of guys one night when I decided
to show the one on top of me what muscle control is all about. On
every thrust I relaxed my cunt so he could enter me easily. On
every withdrawal I gripped him tightly, forcing the blood
into the head of his cock as he withdrew. He got so hard I
thought he was going to burst! He said to his friend "Fuck this
bitch is tight", which made my day. All my work had paid off. He
soon came inside me and then I did the same to his friend. It was
tiring, contracting my cunt muscles every second or so, but it
was very satisfying watching their faces as I worked my magic on
their cocks.

We lived in a small town so I guess it was inevitable that my
parents heard rumours about my exploits. Mum gave me a talk about
safe sex but she didn't say anything about my activities. We
moved town quite suddenly a few months later! To give me a fresh
start as a decent girl I suspect. That didn't really work out as
they planned. I did try to be 'good' but I found myself in a big
city with no friends.

I still had my final year of school to go and I knew one sure
fire way for a girl to make friends. I wasn't the town
slut anymore but it was only a few months before most of the boys
knew that if we went on a date, they would get laid. I could live
with that. The girls didn't hate me and I didn't fuck or flirt
with any of their boyfriends. I had friends again, both male and
female. I set up a Facebook homepage and had lots of friends from
school add me as a 'friend'. I kept my account private. Only my
school friends could see me but I had dozens of them. I was
popular again and not for the wrong reasons.

About six months later I got invited to go swimming up at the
lake by a guy named Jimmy. He was a boy from school and one of my
Facebook friends as well. He said a bunch of people were
going. Jimmy was a nice guy and I wanted a steady boyfriend
instead of screwing a different guy or two every week, so I said
yes. I was hoping he could be the boyfriend I was looking for. He
was gorgeous! I

t was about an hour and a half drive to the lake down a bumpy
country road. Jimmy and I held hands and flirted a bit on the
way. I was getting wet just holding his hand! When we got there
it was beautiful. There was a small but nice cabin and the lake
was magnificent. I couldn't wait to go for a swim. There were
three of Jimmy's friends there already, all boys. I assumed there
would be other girls coming as well.

We went inside the cabin and I asked Jimmy where I could get
changed into my bathing suit. He showed me the bedroom and then
he left. I started getting changed and was topless when
Jimmy walked back in. I covered my breasts with my arms and was
about to tell him to leave but he walked up to me and
started touching me. I wanted him, I just didn't expect it to be
this quick. He had me fully undressed and on the bed in nothing
flat. Within seconds he had his pants down and I could see that
his cock was already hard. He entered me in one quick thrust with
nothing much in the way of foreplay, but I was wet enough that it
didn't hurt much. It was the change in his manner that bothered
me. He wasn't flirting or kissing me anymore. He was just fucking
me for his own pleasure, as if I was a blow up doll. About ten
minutes later one of the other guys came into the room and said
"Hurry up Jimmy, I want a turn".

I was shocked! I hadn't given them any reason to believe that I
did that sort of thing. I started to say something about not
fucking his friends. Jimmy just said in a really aggressive
voice, "Shut the fuck up slut". Then he rolled me over on my
hands and knees. I was scared! I didn't really know Jimmy all
that well and he now seemed like a different person altogether. I
didn't know the other guys at all. Before Jimmy had even
finished, the other guys came in. One of them tried to stick his
cock in my mouth but I turned my head away and Jimmy slapped my
ass, hard! He didn't even say anything. He just wrenched my head
around and the other guy shoved his cock in my mouth and started
face fucking me. I didn't want to suck him so I wasn't doing
anything to cooperate or help him cum. I would have bit him but I
was too frightened.

Jimmy started fucking me harder and I knew he was close to
cumming. A few minutes later he slammed into me so hard it hurt.
I screamed around the cock in my mouth but the guy wouldn't let
go of my head. He used that opportunity to shove his cock deep
down my throat and he held it there. Jimmy unloaded deep inside
me while my head was held down on the other guys cock. I couldn't
breathe! I can deep throat but I can't keep it there for a long
time. I was starting to suffocate when I felt the next cock enter
my cunt. Then the guy I was giving head to pulled his cock out
far enough for me to take a breath. He warned me to start sucking
properly or he would leave it in my throat for longer next time. 

I took his threat seriously and I started sucking like a wild
woman! I used every skill I could think of. I swirled my tongue
around the head. I played with his balls. I stroked the base of
his cock. Anything to make him cum! He let go a load of cum into
my mouth and told me to lick his cock clean. I did! Some of it
had run down to his balls. I kept licking and sucking until there
wasn't a trace of cum on him anywhere. When he was finally
satisfied he got up and someone else took his place.

I was getting gangbanged again! Even though there were only four
of them, this time was much worse. I was stone cold sober this
time and they were being quite rough. I tried to show as much
enthusiasm as possible because I was scared they would hurt me if
I didn't. After they had all fucked me, I went to the bathroom
and cleaned myself up and then went out to the lounge room. I
still couldn't understand how this had happened. I did nothing to
lead these guys on, yet they were treating me like a cheap
whore. I put on a smile, as if I was having a great time, because
I didn't want to be roughed up anymore. Besides, I wanted to go
home and they had the only cars. We were miles from anywhere!

In the lounge room, the guys were watching a porno on a lap top
computer and laughing. They called me over and showed me what
they were watching. It was titled "Sara Marshall - The Gang Bang
Girl". It was me! I was spread on the kitchen table at Josh's
place getting gangbanged. I watched while three guys went through
me, plus two who came on my face. The guy fucking me pulled out
and the camera did a close up of my cunt. Cum was dripping out of
me. One of the guys pushed down on my stomach and cum flooded out
of my cunt. I don't even remember that happening.

I was stunned but I couldn't tear myself away. Jimmy said he
found it on the Internet after doing a search for me. I didn't
even know it was there. "That's how I knew you were into this
sort of thing", he said. I didn't know what to say. There was no
way I could convince them that I wasn't really into gangbangs.
Especially since I had just finished fucking all four of them!
Apparently very enthusiastically!

The guys kept watching my movie and I couldn't help but watch it
as well. The guys broke out some beers and made lots of crude
comments throughout the whole thing. It only went for 25
minutes, so it was only a small part of what I had endured that
night. The boys all got so horny from watching the movie that
they took turns at me again, right there in the lounge room. They
weren't so rough this time, so I kept on cooperating. I wanted to
keep things friendly! I must have got a bit aroused watching my
movie because this time I had an orgasm. When they were done for
the second time, I went to the bathroom to clean up again.

When I came back out, one of the guys was gone. I asked where he
was. Jimmy said he had gone to get supplies for the night. I told
him "I thought this was just a day trip". He said "Not anymore.
We decided to stay the night". He looked at me and smiled. I knew
I was in for a night of more sex but it was worse than I thought.
When Steve came back from the supply run, he brought two more
cars with him. Another seven guys got out. That's when I realised
I was going to need lots of alcohol! This was going to be a very
long night!

The guys took turns at me all night long. In every hole! For the
first time, I was fucked up the ass while I was conscious. It
hurt at first but wasn't too bad. I persuaded them to use
lubricant but the first two or three guys to fuck my ass still
hurt. Eventually I loosened up a bit and started to enjoy
it. Then they all wanted my ass, even the ones who had already
fucked me. At one point they had me straddling a guy on the
floor, sucking the cock of a guy kneeling in front of me, as well
as getting fucked up the ass by a third guy. I actually had lots
of orgasms that night. I lost count after about ten.

In the morning a couple of the guys took me home. The ride home
was uncomfortable. I was very sore. Bouncing up and down on the
bumpy road was quite painful on my bruised cunt and asshole. Mum
and Dad weren't home when we got there so the two boys who
brought me home fucked me once more each on the lounge room floor
of my home and then left. Just a few minutes later Mum and Dad
got home.

Later that evening I checked my Facebook account and found that
Jimmy had posted a link on my homepage. The link took me to the
site where Jimmy found the movie file of `Sara Marshall - The
Gang Bang Girl'. It also had over a hundred pictures from the
first gangbang at Josh's house. Jimmy had added a few more
pictures he had taken last night as well.  My face was clearly
recognisable in most of them and many of them were 'tagged' with
my full name, just like the movie. They must have posted the link
last night because it had been on my homepage for nearly 24
hours! All my friends must have seen it by now. My life was
ruined! It was going to be just like before.

The next day at school I got lots of cold stares from the girls
and rude comments and come ons from the boys. I got called a slut
so many times I lost count. I had lost all my friends again and
it wasn't my fault! I wasn't the gangbang slut everyone thought I
was. The first time I was drunk or drugged. The second time I was
just too scared to say no.

I only had six months of school left but that felt like an
eternity. I was asked out on a date nearly every night. The
guys 'knew' I was a sure thing and wanted sex. They would get
really angry if I tried to say no. They thought that I was a slut
who loved to fuck, so why not them? It's kind of understandable
from their point of view. In the end I stopped even trying to say
no. I was getting screwed on every date and I was going out four
or five times a week. 

Some days I was being fucked at lunch time in school as well. I
had totally lost the will to say no. If a boy grabbed my hand and
dragged me into a closet or an empty classroom, I just went
without resistance. I would drop to my knees at the slightest
hint they wanted their cocks sucked. And believe me, teenage boys
always want their cocks sucked. Three boys even fucked me, very
quietly, in the school library in the middle of the day. They
took turns keeping a lookout for the librarian or anyone else who
might happen along.

I was frequently dripping with cum but If I went to the bathroom
to clean myself up, I got nasty comments from the girls like
'Here to wipe the cum from your cunt are you slut". It didn't
help that most of the time they were right. I couldn't face them,
so I stopped using the bathroom at school altogether. I spent
most of the afternoons with wet, cum soaked panties after being
screwed at lunch time, because I wouldn't go clean myself up.
Sometimes the boys took my panties as souvenirs and I would spend
the afternoon with cum running down my legs under my long tartan
skirt.

My favorite time of day was at the gym after school. It was a
private gym a long way from my school. It was the only place
other than my home, where I could still be me. I even had a few
friends that were regulars there and for the next few months this
was the highlight of my day.

Then one day, there was a group of men working out and they kept
looking at me. They were quite a bit older than me. They looked
in their mid to late twenties so they definitely weren't from my
school. One of them was particularly big and muscular but I
didn't recognise any of them. I didn't really think too much
about it, as it's not unusual to have a few guys in there working
out even during the women's gymnastics sessions, and I'm used to
attracting stares from men. 

When I finished my training, I was returning some equipment to
one of the equipment rooms. The guys walked in to put away their
weights. I looked up as I heard the door open and I saw the
five men come in, including the huge guy I had seen earlier. I
smiled and nodded hello as I went back to what I was doing. I
wasn't worried. It was a public gym and there were dozens of
people outside the door including lots of women. Anyone
could walk in at anytime so I felt quite safe.

I put my things away and started to leave the equipment room. As
I was walking past them, one of them grabbed me. He spun me
around and bent me over the pommel horse. The other two grabbed
my arms and held me there. I saw the other man go and lock the
door! I don't know how he came to have a key! One of them shoved
a rag into my mouth as the other guy was locking the door. In one
swift move the guy behind me had my skirt up, my panties down,
and he was pulling down his shorts. Fortunately I always take the
metal balls out when I'm training!

The guys took turns at me right there! I don't know if the
rag was to stop me calling for help or to stop me from moaning
with pleasure. They kept changing positions, so every few minutes
I was looking into the face of a different man who was holding my
arms pinned down in front of me. The big guy was the last one to
fuck me! He placed one hand in the middle of my back and pushed
me further forward. The guys holding my arms over the pommel
horse pulled harder. I was raised on to the tips of my toes as
the big guy grabbed my hips and lifted me up for easier access
because he was so tall. I felt the big guys cock pushing at my
cunt. I felt my cunt stretching wider as he pushed at me and I
tried to relax my muscles or I knew this was going to hurt. I
concentrated on relaxing and my cunt opened even wider. He still
wasn't inside me yet! How big was this guy? Suddenly my cunt gave
way and he was inside me. I could hardly breathe. It was like
losing my virginity all over again! He fucked me fast and hard.
It didn't last long but within a couple of minutes, I came with
the strongest orgasm I have ever had. I nearly passed out it was
so strong. A few moments later he flooded my cunt with his cum.

He pulled out of me, pulled up his shorts and they all walked
out. I was left bent over the pommel horse with my skirt up
around my waist, my panties around my knees, and I was still
quivering in the aftershock of the most powerful orgasm ever. As
I stood there, dripping cum down my legs, I realised that I had
just been fucked by five total strangers.  They never even spoke
to me. Not a word! Anyone else would have screamed for help or at
least struggled. What did I do? I stood there and let them all
fuck me and I had the best orgasm of my life! I had become the
total cum slut that everyone thought I was!
 
I no longer had anywhere I could go without being the Gangbang
girl. I returned to the gym a few more times. Very cautiously at
first because I didn't want a repeat, but I never saw those guys
again.  That didn't matter though because everyone looked at me
differently now. It was clear that my reputation had spread even
here. Most of the men I had become friendly with at the gym,
asked me out over the next few weeks and one by one they
all fucked me. Usually in the back seat of their cars in the
parking lot, before they went home to their wives or girlfriends.
It wasn't just school 'friends' that were screwing me anymore .
Some of these guys were in their thirties and I was still
sixteen!

Three of them dragged me into the men's locker room one day and
took turns at me. I had screwed all three of them in the last few
weeks but not at the same time. There was a broken weight bench
being stored in there and they put it to good use. They stripped
me naked, laid me on the bench, lifted my legs high into the air
and tied my ankles to the upright posts using skipping ropes. One
on the left and one on the right. One of the guys stuffed my
panties into my mouth while another tied my hands above my head
to the far end of the bench. It wasn't to stop me screaming for
help. They knew I would let them fuck me. I think they just
enjoyed gagging me with my own wet panties.

Then they adjusted the bench to a comfortable height and started
to fuck me. Their cocks were much bigger than the average
teenager's cocks and they lasted much longer. They took turns
fucking me and then just walked out, taking my gym clothes with
them and laughing about the Gangbang girl. They took all my
clothes except for my panties, which were still stuffed in my
mouth.
 
I was exhausted when they had done with me and was still tied
naked on the bench with my legs spread high to either side. I
remained like that for nearly an hour before another group of men
came in and were surprised to see me there. There were six of
them and some of them recognised me. I had fucked a couple of
them already.

One of the guys who didn't know me, thought I had been raped and
rushed forward to help me and told one of the others to call the
police. The other men laughed and told him about me. I distinctly
heard him say 'gangbang girl' in disgust and then he left. Almost
as soon as he left, the remaining five men looked at each other
and moved toward me, unzipping their pants. One of them started
to fuck me while another took my panties out of my mouth and put
them in his pocket. He immediately replaced my panties with his
cock, and I started to suck him off while his friend fucked me. 

They all changed positions a few times and I sucked and fucked
the lot of them. My mouth was very dry from having my panties
shoved in them for so long and I was actually quite relieved when
the first man moistened my mouth with his hot jism. At least they
untied me when they had finished with me, which is more than the
first group had done. They did walk off with my panties though! I
had a change of clothes in the girls locker room but that was at
the other end of the gym and I was totally naked.
 
I looked around the change room for some kind of clothing or a
towel but there was nothing. Too many thefts had taught people to
lock everything in their lockers. I snuck out of the men's locker
room and made my way cautiously to the other end of the gym. I
had to duck around a few corners. I hid for a few minutes in an
empty squash court as some people came by, then I made a 20
yard sprint down the main corridor. 

Surprisingly, I made it to the ladies locker room without anyone
seeing me. I raced through the door and quickly shut it behind
me, only to find three ladies in there looking at me. I was a
mess! I was naked! My hair and face had cum all over them. That
last sprint had released loads of cum from my pussy and It was
running down my legs in huge quantities, readily visible at a
glance. These were some of the ladies I had been doing gymnastics
with over the last few months. We were friendly a few months ago.
That friendliness cooled when they heard the rumours about me.
Now, with proof right in front of them, they turned totally cold.
They called me every name under the sun. Slut and whore were the
nicest ones. I  realised I couldn't come back here anymore. I had
just lost my last refuge!
 
I had finally become the total cum slut that everyone always
thought I was! I would fuck or suck any cock, anywhere,
anytime. Any man or group of men that wanted me could just take
me, with or without asking. The harder I was fucked, the more men
that were involved, and the more forcefully I was restrained,
just added to my pleasure! 
 
My life as the 'Gangbang Girl' had really started!
 




Hi! If you like my stories, or even if you don't, please give me
some feedback. I would love to hear from you.

alisonames@live.com