My Brothers' Friends

http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_uR5fRoSUhMQ/SYWypPcwNII/AAAAAAAAAFQ/CN6wmal4KnU/s1600-h/nnk14.jpg
I have always been a very sexual person and can honestly say that I have tried almost everything that there is including girl on girl, 2 girls and one guy, 2 guys at the same time, 2 guys and 2 girls, gangbangs with up to a dozen blokes, black guys, white guys, single and married, big cocks and not so big, in cars and taxis, nightclubs, shop doorways, parks, on the beach, hotel balconies, at parties.... Basically, you name it and I've probably tried it, loved it and tried it again.

The thing I enjoy more than anything is having two guys take care of me at the same time. When I'm sucking on a cock I'm always wishing I had a big dick up my pussy and when I'm being fucked up my pussy I'm always craving another dick to suck on. With two guys I can have both my cunt and my mouth crammed full of juicy cock at the same time.

I think because I grew up as the only girl with three brothers who were always very protective of me, warding off their mates when they took an interest in me and making me get changed if I dressed too provocatively, I have developed my prick-teasing slut tendancies more than most girls. I loved to wear tiny mini-skirts around the house when they had their friends around and made sure that they always got to see my panties by bending over in front of them or sitting carelessly with my legs apart. When my brothers complained and told me to wear something more sensible I would make little of it and ask if their friends had never seen a girl's knickers before. At which point I would usually hoist my skirt up and give them a full look at my carefully-chosen little http://www.femalefirst.co.uk/catalog/panties. Of course I knew exactly what I was doing and loved being such a tease and the centre of attention. Sometimes I would give them a special treat and wear a skimpy little thong or pull my panties up tightly into my pussy so that my lips peeped out of the side. I used to practice looking at myself in the mirror so I knew exactly how much I was revealing and used to get myself into quite a state.

I knew that my brothers' mates were absolutely drooling over me and my little flashing sexpoits became such a topic of conversation that whenever I would meet one of them outside they would always ask what colour knickers I was wearing today, at which point I would usually hitch my skirt up to show them. I still do it to this day if I bump into them although most of them are now married and they know that I usually don't wear any panties but I still give them a little fanny flash. It is our little secret.

Over the years I ended up being fucked by no less than twelve of my brothers' friends and to this day I don't think any of them are aware of just how friendly I became with their mates. I went to one of their mates' weddings a couple of years ago and realised that I had actually fucked nine of the guys including the groom and best man at various times over the years. In fact I used to be regularly serviced by two of the guys at the same time which made me feel really dirty and slutty especially knowing how mad my brothers or my dad would be if they knew what a little cock slut I was. The wedding day ended with me giving both of them bl0wjobs in the toilet for old times sake and me being gangbanged by another three of them in their hotel room.

I guess that because my parents and my brothers were so strict and protective towards me I always wanted to rebel by doing what I wasn't supposed to do. It is like tasting the forbidden fruit. Girls are always told to keep their legs closed and not to let anyone inside their knickers. Boys are only after one thing etc. etc. Of course I wanted what they wanted. I loved sitting with my legs open showing my knickers off (and later my pussy), snogging guys, letting them finger me and wanking them off. Soon I was sucking cock and being fucked all over the place and often taking two or three guys at a time. I felt so dirty and naughty like a real filthy slut but I got so excited by being the absolute centre of attention of so many guys and knowing that what I was doing was so forbidden.
