Title: PP Games 
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: (watersports)
____________________________________________

Among those who know me well I am nicknamed "PP". That is short for "Pee Princess". I love to play with pee. My fixation on the hot liquid started when I was about six and taking a bath with my younger brother. He had to go and just held his little dick up and let loose spraying my chest. I was surprised by the hot stream striking me and looked where it was coming from. I hadn't ever paid much attention to the differences in our bodies but that sure made me notice. Momma, who was bathing us, didn't get mad or say anything to make us think it was a bad thing so I just accepted the experience as interesting and actually pleasant. I was now real aware that my two brothers peed very differently than I did.

We would often play in our "camps" in the woods which, of course, didn't have toilets. When we had to piss we would walk away from the camp and take care of it. One day when I was about eight or so my oldest brother and I both had to pee at the same time and went out together. Remembering the earlier bathtub experience I wanted to see his penis shoot the watery stuff. I wanted to watch and he asked would I like to help. I held his little prick and sprayed the shrubbery. It seemed to get firmer as I moved it around. He watched closely as I pulled down my pants and squatted to empty my bladder. This was very interesting at this age and we progressed to regularly aiming each of my brothers' hoses and having them wipe me after I pissed at home.

One summer the three of us spent a month at an uncle's farm. I was twelve by this time and a couple of our male cousins were a bit older. There was a swimming hole and we were easily persuaded to skinny dip. When our cousins saw me helping a brother take a piss they all wanted my help. With the competiton between families it soon progressed to pissing contests and then peeing on each other. I really enjoyed hot piss splashing on my budding tits and yet hairless pussy. When one of the older boys got his dick near my snatch and blasted directly on it, I got off big time. The intense tingling pleasure produced by the the longlasting, forceful, hot spray on my sensitive tissues and clit was different, and maybe better, than the self stimulation I frequently did. And along with the physical sensations was the erotic visual of where this pleasure source was emanating from. That really got me hooked on the sex potential for watersports. We weren't ready for full sex but oral satisfaction also got learned and used during the visit and later at home. 

When I was 16 I was only beginning to date. My best girlfriend and I were at that awkward age. We wanted to fuck but were too insecure to do so. Our common needs brought us to a couple of things. We practiced kissing then tit play then mutual masturbation. I showed her how peeing on each other could be sexually exciting. She sometimes joined us at the swimming hole and learned all about how boys peed and how much fun it could be. We shared that special thrill with each other for years, even after she married. Pee play is unisex and jast as much fun no matter the gender of the source. Actually many women got to be very good at aiming and had greater bladdder capacities than men.

When I got on the pill I got laid. Often and usually not by the same guy twice in a row. Cocks were too interesting to not sample the variety available. The differences in sizes, shapes, colors, and semen output were fascinating in my hands, mouth, and cunt. They could be so small and shrivelled up then get full and long and hard until they erupted the white stuff. I would always ask a new visitor to my crotch if I could help him pee. If he was receptive then I would continue to fuck him. If we could spray each others genitals then they were on my short list; if not then they were banished from my box. Another important criteria was accepting that I would never be exclusive. I never forgot my mother's wise advice. "Women own ALL the pussy." ONLY I would decide who would enter mine. If they played MY games they got their dick thrills.

Sometimes I wanted to pee on their little weenie to get it hard so it could fuck me. Sometimes I wanted their hot stream on my clit so I'd get off. Sometimes I even wanted them to piss inside my pussy after I'd gotten the cum from their pecker sprayed in there. The guy knew damned well he's better play my game if he wanted any more of the good sex I could provide. And this was not at all about "love". It was about pleasure. It was about getting thrills for and from my body using everything guys and girls could provide.

One example of this was one Saturday night when I had a small party. I must have been about 20. Two guys I had been screwing and, of course doing pee play with, for a while were the only ones invited. As they arrived I gave them a beer. I kept pushing beer and also had cold tea so they were to keep filling up on liquids. They each knew why since I had done that with them before. Yellow in, yellow out. After we ate and were on our third beer I stood up and addressed them as I lifted my only garment, a loose dress, over my head. "I have fucked both of you multiple times so you have this pussy in common. We have played some other games as well but tonight I want to try stuff that takes more than two. If you agree to do everything I ask, I promise you will have a good time. Have you never had a good time with me?" They both looked at each other and shook their heads. "OK then, but if you bail on me you will never see this body naked again, understood?" Nodding this time. "Let's go play. Bring your beer."

We went to my bedroom. I had a rubber sheet on rmy bed and lots of fluffy absorbent towels that I had often used before. The guys stripped and checked out each other's boner. I knew they were about the same size...I wanted cooperation, not rivalry for this. They drew cards to see who would be "One" and "Two". All of us lay on the bed with me in the middle. We started with pretty regular foreplay except I had a mouth and two hands on each tit plus a dick for each hand. It took some positioning but I enjoyed having two trouser trout staring at me only inches apart so I could suck one then the other. When I pulled those one eyed wonders closer together to get them both in my mouth at once I detected some resistance. I stopped and said sternly, "We must play together if this is going to work. You don't have to get fucked in the ass or suck a cock off unless you want to...I want that kind of sex saved for me anyway. But you certainly need to get to know each other better." I took one of their hands in each of mine and wrapped it around the other guy's hardon and moved it up and down. "See, it's a lot like yours." Then I held them together shaft to shaft and jacked a few times. "Now I want my double mouthful." I almost got two shots of cream after that!    

"Now we are ready for the real fun..." I laid back and had guy One stick it in. Guy Two could play with whatever he wanted including his cock in my mouth (Or guy Ones for that matter) but he was NOT to cum. I used my cunt muscles to get that first cock off rather quickly then told him to rinse the outside of my pussy with his pee right after he pulled out. My vagina was still gaping so I felt his hot stream start to fill me up. I had a small orgasm as he hit my clit. He knew to stop without emptying completely and I told guy Two to fuck me. The pee squished out as he shoved his rod into my snatch. He was primed so I heard and felt his sperm deposit sooner rather than later. That was fine with me right now. He also rinsed me with his hose. My crotch got dried off and the wet towels went in the washer. We took a shower together but only after each guy laid down in the tub to get half my piss on his male parts together with what remained in the standing guy's bladder.

We put fresh towels on the bed and started playing around again while we drank more liquids. The guys were getting more comfortable around each other so I laid them down side by side and knelt with one of my knees between each of their legs near their balls. I could easily do things to their dicks while they played with my erogenous parts. When they were nice and hard I moved them a little further apart so I could straddle each waist and ride their bone. I rode one for a little while and then the other. Each guy had to guide the other's cock into me. Finally one of them spurted his cream in me. I sat with him fully imbedded and ordered him to let his bladder loose. I shuddered in orgasm as the hot forceful stream blasted the back of my vagina and cervix. It ran out around his rod and over his balls. The other guy got the same treatment and I had another orgasm as well.

We had some more liquid intakes after cleaning up. Each guy had to soap down the other in the shower and help do me. Then we had a snack and took a short nap. When we awoke our bladders were reloaded. I took them to the bathtub again and had guy One lay on his back. I squatted over his crotch and had guy Two aim my target's cock up at me. We fired at each other's pee holes and piss splashed everwhere when the streams collided. I reserved plenty of ammo to do the same for guy Two. 

It was late and they were invited overnight so we put me in the middle of the bed. They knew I expected to be banged in the night and I was...from both sides. Usually when one was fucking me the other guy would wake up and want his turn. I rode each guy reverse cowgirl and watched as the other guy ate me. He had to be sure his tongue licked the cock that was pumping me and hold the balls when I was getting creamed. I loved it! 

In the morning I announced a pissing duel like I had seen on the web. The guys were a few feet apart facing each other in the bathroom with their morning wood ready. The goal was see who could hit the other cock with their stream first as they moved closer together. I had a special prize for the winner...they could fuck and play with me for the rest of the weekend. I said "Go" and the battle was on. Guy Two won by a close margin then they finished emptying their bladders on each other in a fierce water fight while I hooted and cheered. I kissed and licked both of their wet cocks then gave them wet piss kisses. After breakfast guy One got a a consolation fuck and went on his way. Guy Two and I continued our fun until he left Monday morning.

Summer was the best. I could be naked all the time at home, indors or in the private back yard. And so could my guests which made my pee games so much easier. I had washable furniture and an outdoor heated shower at the the of the patio. The grass was soft and well fertilized! During the week I would often invite one or two guys to stop over after work for "cocktails". Many times they would bring dinner so they could stay longer. When I had a pair of guys I trained them to team up so that, while one guy fucked me spoon or reverse cowgirl position, the other guy would be ready with a bladder full to hot stream on my clit as I was being hot creamed inside. That produced amazing orgasms and then the guys switched places for another go. We would play in the yard until we were out of pee and I was full of cum. I slept the sleep of the well satisfied. 

My best girlfriend now lived about two hours away. Her husband was one of my regular pee guys when they met at a weekend pee party. After meeting and fucking each other at a few parties they began dating and then only visited me for more intimate swapping get togethers. They moved in together and married when college was finished. Careers called them to another town so they would visit every few months for the special fun they had gotten used to. Usually it was a foursome weekend with one of my guys but in the summer there would be an "all dicks on deck" blast in the back yard including them and every guy on my favorites list. What a blast that was! Six cocks for two cunts. We women were never dry, inside or out.
