Scandalous Schoolgirl
byOupa99©

Chapter 1

Natalia stood behind the curtain with butterflies in her stomach. She was excited, anxious, scared and nervous all at the same time. She had been nude in front of the camera, but never in front of an audience of horny men. She was excited about showing off what she knew was her very sexy body, but the sounds of the raucous crowd gave her second thoughts. She loved men gawking her admittedly delicious body and stripping her naked with their eyes, but never touching her. Touching was reserved for her Master and he was her protector from the ogling crowds.

She looked at her competitors and knew she had the beauty, figure and poise to beat the other college girls, but she did worry about the professional strippers. They looked hardened, but confident and she knew they could dance better than her. She had her young, fresh innocent look and her modelling had taught her how to move seductively. She noticed that the strippers looked at her as well with a little worry and that bolstered her confidence.

She looked down at her T-shirt clad breasts and noticed her engorged nipples sticking out like hard pencil erasers. She could feel the excited desire coursing through her veins, with her nipples aching and her womanly slot dripping with longing. She could also see her hips silently moving to the beat of her own arousal and despite her fear she wanted the crowd to watch her yearning explode on stage. Natalia's hands roamed over her stomach and dipped into the top of her silky underwear teasing her clit before she withdrew her hand. She started thinking about her master to distract herself.

Today was her 21st birthday and she had known her master since she was 17, but since she was 18 Mark had been her boss, her master and her sexual guide. It was he that discovered her exhibitionist desires, as well as her submissive side that craved bondage and his control. He had chosen this venue as her public coming out party and while she was nervous about an audience of horny men, she was excited about showing them the body that only belonged to her master.

Having been his sub for a while, she had opened up about every one of her fantasies; little ones that could easily be performed by her master, such as being restrained and forced to climax repeatedly, to larger ones that she thought would never materialize. She had fantasized so much of being an object of voyeuristic pleasure. When she first told him, he made her masturbate in front of him while he remained seated, fully clothed and silent. When he finally started masturbating as well while watching, she came harder than she had ever done before on her own.

The simple joy of her own body being able to elicit so much arousal, the thrill of imagining just what he might be thinking of doing to her, it was all too much to contain. She dreamed of him having an audience with him as she put on a show in front of them. Now he was making it happen, but as the audience got louder, she wondered if he would give them to her or they would just take her. The not knowing what would happen, left her with anxious butterflies in her stomach, a lot of excitement and a little bit of fear.

Their trip to New Orleans had been incredible and during their first night in New Orleans she had pranced down Bourbon Street with only a pair of hot pants on. Needless to say, she had garnered almost a suitcase full of beads, because everyone wanted their beads hanging on her delicious body. Exhibiting herself in such a scandalous way left her trembling with desire and several times that night she attacked Mark with delirious wanton need. Each time he left her trembling in exhausted passion and lovingly satisfied.

The next day they had a shopping trip and he had forced her to try on all the clothes on the display floor instead of the changing room. Displaying herself while in the safety of her master's arms left her trembling with erotic desire, but this time he made her wait to be satisfied. He loved showing her off almost as much as she loved being shown off and making her wait for satisfaction left her almost insane with erotic craving.

There was a couple of times that he left her completely naked on the sales floor while he looked for more things to try on. She garnered lots of stares and felt the eyes of the patrons caressing her skin, cuddling her breasts and stroking her belly. At that moment she also felt a little scared, because she had no clothes, money or transportation. She was completely at her master's mercy and while she loved being under his control, she was still afraid of the horny men surrounding her.

He bought many scandalously skimpy outfits and she loved of every one of them. After the shopping trip she thought they were going back to their condo, but her master had something else planned.

They drove for about another 15 minutes and then pulled into a parking lot of a rather seedy looking bar. The sign in front of the bar was advertising a wet T-shirt contest. Natalia looked at the sign and understood immediately what was going to happen and apprehension began to replace the radiant smile on her face.

She looked into his eyes and did not see any deception, only pride and affection. She remembered the way he took her to the edge of erotic sanity and the way he made love to her and yes, he didn't fuck her but made love to her. This was the only time anyone had made love to her, showed her passion she didn't know existed and made her cum and cum without end.

She looked back at the Wet T-Shirt sign and then into his eyes. All her doubts crumbled as his eyes pierced her heart and she knew, no matter what, she was his to command, his to dominate. She trembled inside thinking of his kisses, his caresses and how he blistered her body as he filled her with his cock. In the years that she had been with him she had felt more alive than any time in her life. She wanted to give herself to him and the look in his eyes told her that he wanted her too, but it also told her that she could trust him.

He opened the car door, took a bag from the back seat and commanded her to follow him. Natalia slowly got out of the car and followed him, trusting and believing in him. He went to the side of the building and as she stood in front of him said. "Take off your dress. You need a change of clothes."

She looked at him expectantly and immediately unbuttoned her sundress, took it off and handed it to him. He folded the dress, put it in the bag and pulled out a t-shirt.

"Hold up your hands." He commanded and as she complied, he slid the tight t-shirt over her dazzling body.

The t-shirt was tight, thin and short. You didn't need any imagination to see how exquisite her breasts were, because the t-shirt hugged the shape of her breasts with her aureole and nipples clearly defined. The t-shirt was thin enough that once it got wet it would be completely transparent. It was also very short only coming barely below her nipples, leaving the bottom of her breasts and her entire flat muscled torso and thin waist completely bare.

He pulled out a small pair of thin boy short style panties, had her step into them and pulled it up over her hips. They had no lining and were thin enough to see the outline of her pussy lips. He finished off with some small strappy heels she could dance in.

He stood back and appraised her outfit. My God! He thought ... she was exquisitely gorgeous as he stared at her flawless beauty. Once again, he doubted whether he wanted to do this, especially when he looked into her eyes. The euphoria of the shopping trip had faded from her eyes and in its place was an overwhelmed determination to do whatever her master desired. He shook his negative thoughts away and once again appraised the goddess poised in front of him.

Her dazzling body was virtually nude, her entire torso and legs were completely bare. Her breasts and womanly mound were covered, but the covering only offered and enhanced them. The term walking wet dream came to mind, but that didn't begin do her justice. Natalia blew him away with her innocent and her elegant beauty was wasted in this place.

Natalia looked at her tall distinguished master and doubts began to creep back into her heart. Natalia looked down at her outfit and knew what was in store for her. This was a rough bar and she knew her scandalously clad body would send the crowd into a frenzy. With this wet t-shirt contest, she felt like her master was using her for something, but she didn't know what. She felt like she was going to be given to the crowd and she shivered at the thought. However, he was her master now and she had to do what he said, even if it scared the daylights out of her.

Throughout the change of clothes Natalia's smile had faded with fear creeping into her bearing. She looked at him and softy asked, "Do I please you Master?"

"Oh, Pet I'm stunned by your beauty, you are incredibly beautiful." He said with awe in his voice.

Her smile brightened a little and she stood a little taller. She was glad she pleased him, but feared what the next hour would bring. She wanted to let him know that she was his and whispered seductively.

"Master, will you make love to me again soon?"

He could see she was scared, but she was ready to do whatever he commanded. He took her into his arms and gave her a long sensuous kiss. She clung to him tightly trying to get as close to him as she could and by the end of the kiss some of the fear had evaporated.

"Yes, my Pet, we will make love soon. Remember, you are my Pet and my slave. I will always protect and take care of you, so trust me." He said gently. "Now, I want you to win the contest and make your Master proud."

He saw her push the fear aside and trust in her Master. She looked at him with those big beautiful blue eyes full of trust and love and replied, "Yes, my only Master."

He grabbed her around the waist, tucking her under his arm and together they walked into the bar. The minute they walked in the noise and raucous nature of the bar assaulted them. When everyone saw Natalia, the noise went up several decibels with lots of hoots, hollers and wolf whistles. As he steered Natalia towards the bar several men tried grabbing her and he knocked their hands away. He quickly signed her up for the wet T-shirt contest and the manager came over to take her behind the stage to get ready.

As he saw her walking away, he felt like he was delivering an innocent lamb into a den of wolves. When he had this idea, he wanted to see how she would react in a crowd of men with just vague commands from her master. Now he had a feeling that this could go bad very quickly. While Natalia was getting ready, he went outside and moved the car around to the emergency exit. He took a chance and left the car unlocked and the keys inside the car. Basically, he wanted to be ready for a fast getaway ... just in case.

He made sure the backdoor exit would open freely, headed back to the bar and got a drink. Mark sat off to the side, waiting for the show to start. He thought back to the time when he first found Natalia and at that time, he saw a beautiful girl that would make great model. She was beautiful, but lacked confidence, and was thin and unkempt All she really needed was proper exercise, good food and lots of love. About 15 minutes later the show started when the owner came onstage and began to speak.

"Welcome to this evening's wet T-shirt contest. The prize is $300 for first place, $200 for second and $100 for third. The rules? There are none. Girls, you have two minutes for your routine and it can be whatever you want. There'll be two rounds, with the top four from the first round moving the second round. Judging will be by applause meter, so if you see something you like, be loud. Here we go."

The 10 girls were brought out in a line and most looked like college co-eds with two exceptions. These were pros. They had huge unmoving fake boobs, with overly teased hair, lots of makeup and a hard look. All the college girls were cute and two could even be considered beautiful, but no one there even came close to Natalia's beauty. While her flawless body stunned the audience, her sweet, beautiful, innocent and trusting face mesmerized Mark.

Unfortunately, the crowd knew it too. Looking up on stage they saw a centrefold's luscious body topped by an innocent angelic face wrapped in a beautiful mane of blonde hair. When he saw several groups of guys talking among themselves and pointing to Natalia, he knew they were all waiting for the innocent lamb to be served up before them. Since Natalia had signed up last so she would be the last to go.

Natalia followed the group of girls onto the stage and as the whole audience saw her the noise level roared, doubling the previous level. Natalia felt the powerful lust and hunger in all those eyes ogling her. The fear gnawed in her belly and she waffled between wanting to run away and being frozen in place. Then her eyes met her master's in the crowd and just like that she knew her master would protect her.

There was a silent confidence in his gaze that said "Trust Me". As she stared into his eyes the crowd faded into the background and she knew she was safe. She felt his dominance then she felt him reach into her heart and she knew where she belonged. His gaze calmed her and as he poured his power into her, she felt sexy, passionate and she knew she could do this. She knew what she had to do. She had to do whatever it took to win the contest for her Master. She had to be the sexiest most alluring dancer she could be and she had to win her master's love.

The first girl walked over to the announcer and his assistant poured water over her front. She squealed and started jumping around and Mark knew it was ice water pouring over the t-shirts. The girl's t-shirt was plastered to her front showing her small but nicely shaped breasts with her nipples puckered into prominence. By the time she got over the shock of the ice water, her two minutes were up and the next girl was taking her place.

The next girl was one of the beautiful college co-eds and she faired a little bit better than the first girl. After the first initial shock of the ice water she started to dance, grabbed her nice sized tits and presented them to the audience. Needless to say, her nipples were very distended, but she didn't really do much to excite the crowd.

So, it went for all the other girls. The two pros quickly went into their stripper routines and pulled off their T-shirts. The crowd didn't seem to be any more impressed with the pros than they did with any of the college co-eds. Mark really felt like everyone there was waiting to see Natalia. With the jostling, elbowing and all the pointing at Natalia he knew the crowd was reserving judgment until they saw her.

Finally, it was Natalia's turn. After having seen everybody else jump when the water was poured over their chest, she knew something was coming. When the water cascaded over her chest, her T-shirt did exactly what Mark had anticipated and went totally transparent. Her spectacular breasts were now on display for everyone to see. As she jumped from the ice-cold water, her breasts wobbled erotically while her nipples hardened trying to break through the t-shirt.

She immediately regained her composure and started swivelling her hips, cupping her tits and pinching her nipples. At first, with the cold water, her dance was disorganized, but she quickly regained her poise and a sultry dance appeared. She looked a little confused while she was pinching her nipples, she thought because the loss of sensation from the ice water. She grabbed the collar of the T-shirt and ripped it open down the middle. Her incredible breasts were now naked on display for everyone to see.

As expected, the crowd went completely berserk with the guys whistling, screaming, and jumping with some even throwing money at her feet. Her firm full breasts wobbled erotically as she dances and the louder the crowd, the wilder and more suggestive her dance became. Natalia looked a little awed by the admiration and thought she'd give them more. She began to tweak her nipples and then lifted her breast to her mouth and sucked on her nipple. The crowd got even louder and more raucous, if that was possible.

Natalia felt the power of the crowd coursing through her. Their shouts and screams of "More ... More" egged her on and she felt desired, beautiful and a glance at her master emboldened her. She danced joyfully and erotically presenting her breasts, legs and ass to the audience. As sensual as her dance was, Mark was hypnotized by the innocent joy on her face.

Natalia was carried away in the moment and slid her hand down her belly into her panties. It was tight enough you could see she was rubbing her clit and dipping a finger into her pussy. At this point her whole body started quivering like she was having an orgasm. The crowd completely lost it and the bouncers were having hold men back from the stage.

Mark was also out of his seat moving towards stage, he had worked out a way to grab Natalia and whisk her away when the owner came out, asking everyone to settle down. Until the owner settled down the crowd Natalia felt them coming for her and she was afraid of what they were going to do to her. Mark saw Natalia looking in the crowd to find him and as he looked at her, he saw a range of emotions pass over her face. She was scared, but as her eyes locked with his, he saw fear of the crowd replaced with her devotion to her master. He saw terror replaced by trust and she settled down believing in her master.

The top four were announced, and to no one's surprise Natalia was in the top. The two strippers and one of the beautiful co-eds rounded out the top four. They all went off stage for a few minutes while the waitresses refreshed everyone's drinks.

After about a 15-minute intermission the four finalists were brought on stage. For the most part their T-shirts had dried a little and were ready for another round. Natalia's torn top was hanging open with most of her breasts exposed to the crowd and the two sides barely covering her nipples.

Once again, the co ed started off and she ripped her top off during her routine but left her bottoms on. The crowd cheered, but it was obvious they were waiting for Natalia. Both of the pros did a quick complete strip taking off their tops and bottoms and were naked on the stage. Mark was watching Natalia as she was watching the other dancers. He could see the determination in her eyes and she knew she'd have to ratchet up her performance to win.

When it was Natalia's turn, she ripped off the rest of her T-shirt the minute the water hit her chest and pulled on her nipples for a second. Then she ran her hands down her flat belly and into her tight panties. Through the tight panties you could see one finger was inside her and the other tweaking her clit. She pulled her hands out then turned around him and began slowly sliding the panties down her legs as she bent from the waist. As the fabric slipped past her tight ass the crowd went ape, started surging forward and the bouncers were having a hard time keeping them at bay.

Natalia's teasing instincts kicked in right then and rather than let the panties just fall away she grabbed the panties as she stepped out of them and stood swinging them like a lasso over her head. She then turned around so that she was facing the audience and continued to swing the panties over her head while her hips gave a sexy bump and grind the audience. Her beautiful tight and sexy body was on display for the crowd and they loved it almost as much as she did.

She threw the panties over her shoulder into the crowd. There was a mad scramble for them, but Natalia wasn't finished yet. She danced wildly and jubilantly with her breasts wobbling invitingly and the muscles of her tight stomach shoving her hips from side to side in a seductive dance. She stuck two fingers in her pussy and almost immediately started quivering in an orgasm. Her face had a look of pure joy, her mouth fell open in a quivering mom and her eyes stared lost into the orgasmic abyss.

The crowd lost it, surged forward and would not be denied a shot at Natalia's body. Mark ran at full sprint towards the stage, went around one of the busy bouncers and scooped Natalia into his arms while still in full stride. He bounded off the other side of the stage and hit the backdoor exit still running in full speed. Natalia didn't know what was going on behind them, but she knew her master had saved her, and she was clinging tightly to his neck.

He deposited her in the passenger seat, jumped into the driver's seat, locked the doors before he started the engine and drove out of there as fast as he could. In the rear-view mirror he could see people boiling out of the bar and running after the car.

He looked over at Natalia and she was curled up in the seat shaking and he put his hand on her naked shoulder to comfort her. She grabbed his arm wrapped her body around his arm and clung to it tightly whispering. "Oh, my master, oh my loving master, you saved me again, you saved me my master. I was so scared you would let them have me."

He looked over at her and his heart broke. This sensuous and stunning woman was also a very fragile little girl, and he had put her in danger. When they were far enough away from the bar to be safe, he pulled over into an empty dark parking, lot shut off the engine and lights, and pulled her into his arms.

As he held her, she laid her head against his chest and started to cry. She would occasionally whimper. "You saved me". After a few minutes he tilted her face to him and looked into those eyes filled with tears.

"Pet, you're mine and I would never let harm come to you. My loving Pet, I did something tonight that I should never have done, and I can promise you it will never happen again. I've tested you all day during our shopping, to check your limits and to see when you would tell me 'No', but you never did. With every command you performed flawlessly, with complete trust and without hesitation. You have made me so very proud.

"I guess I couldn't believe that you were so perfect in every way, so I tested you once more. Even though you were in danger and scared you carried out my commands without hesitation, you were incredible, exceeding all my expectations, again with complete trust. Oh, my Pet. You are the answer to my prayers and you fill my heart with love and pride. Will you forgive your Master for putting you in danger?"

Natalia looked him in the eyes, kissed his lips softy and whispered, "There is nothing to forgive Master. I am yours completely, to do with what you want. I am here for you and the love you have shown me is more than I had my entire life. I am your slave, your property and my only purpose in life is to do as you command and make you happy."

He gazed into those eyes and saw the love and trust in them; it made him humble and made his heart grow big enough to accept the gift she was giving him.

"Oh, my perfect and beautiful Natalia, I promise not to ever put you in danger again. Now that I have found you, I couldn't bear the thought of anything ever happening to you. I promise to never misuse the trust and love you have given me. You make me very happy my Pet."

He began to kiss her soft lips. Very soon they were locked in a passionate embrace and he was caressing her incredible and still naked body.

She looked at him with her soft loving eyes reaching into his heart and asked softly. "Master could you make love to me again now?"

He didn't answer but instead pulled his pants down, freeing his hard cock and lifted her on to his lap. As his cock began to slide into that silky tight pussy her head fell back as the ecstasy overwhelmed her and she moaned. This time he groaned as well as he felt her satiny walls gripping his hard shaft for the first time without a condom between them.

"Oooohhhhhh Master you fill me so completely, Ooooohhhhh I love you so much master. Make me yours again Master."

One hand of Mark's hand palmed her breasts while the other cradled her ass, lifted her up and then let go, slamming his cock into her pussy. His mouth was also busy kissing her face all over and then stopping to ravage her mouth. He didn't think he had ever felt the kind of love Natalia poured into him with her eyes. He felt changed; her love and total trust had changed him and made him a person worthy of her belief and adoration.

Their love making in the car was slow and exquisite, it was passionate and heart wrenching. When they climaxed together, they were locked in a delicate kiss, breathing each other's air. As their climax began to subside, they both realized that they had crossed to a new level. As he sat with Natalia cradled in his arms, his softening cock deep inside her, he knew he was hers too. He could never be without her. Just thinking that, his cock began to harden and thicken again inside her. Since the windows of the car were completely fogged delayed her back against the dashboard and began to play with her body like a conductor of the Philharmonic Orchestra.

His fingers toyed with her nipples and when they were hard, he tugged and pinched them mixing a little bit of agony with her glorious pleasure. When her back arched feeding more of her breasts into his gorgeously agonizing torment, one hand left her breast while his teeth, tongue and lips took over the excruciating torment of her engorged breast flesh. The hand that abandoned her breast slid down her belly until it slowly caressed her clit.

Her hips immediately began to rock back and forth trying to get more of his cock inside her. His cock rubbed back and forth against her G spot as well as slowly caressing her cervix, all while his fingers were slowly caressing and pinching her clit. Her second orgasm exploded throughout her body like a lightning strike and giving her spasms of passionate fire that jolted her body back and forth.

Mark laid her body back against the dashboard and watched the muscles of her stomach ripple as the rapture continued through her. Her deep gasping breaths would swell her chest and her abs would undulate arching her back and pressing her breasts into his mouth and hands. The next moment her stomach would knot creating a wave that ran down her belly slamming his cock deep inside her until she felt his cock banging on her cervix.

He watched her body he then spasm with orgasm after orgasm and watching her convulsive cums was spectacularly erotic. With the muscles of her pussy rippling up and down his cock, it didn't take long for him to feel his seed boiling and ready to blast inside her. She felt his cock swell inside her and she knew he was almost there and her hips slammed her quim hard on his cock pushing him hard against her cervix. She felt him pulse and throb inside her trying to fill her womb with his seed and a chill went through her.

She had dreams of feeling him impregnate her, and having his baby was a fantasy that she knew would never happen. However, every time she felt him spraying his seed against her cervix, she felt an excited thrill that felt like really making love and someday making a baby.

Mark turned on the engine and turned on the defroster to high. Meanwhile they snuggled together, basking in their afterglow. When the windows were finally the defogged Mark slid back into the wheel and drove them back to their temporary hotel. 


