Naked Maid

I was working as a maid in a large resort motel. I was lucky to have gotten this job cuz times are kinda tough. I was 16 and i needed money for decent clothes. My parents barely made enough to pay all the bills. 
I had been at it for 2 months, working weekends and going to school durning the week. It left little time for a social life. I had learned just about all there was to know about the job. It wasnt rocket science. 
On this day, I was cleaning the rooms, changing sheets and putting in fresh towels. As I had just finished with one room and was ready to move on to my last one for the morning, I saw the woman in 751 come out and shut her door. She was a rich looking woman. She was in good shape, with a nice round behind ,trim waist and large chest and always wore very expensive clothes. Man what i would give to be like her. She was on her cell phone and was saying how she would meet who ever she was talking to in 15 minutes for lunch. I let her get outa sight before i carded her door and walked in. 
I picked things up, took the sheets off the bed, replaced them and gathered up the dirty towels. This room was one of the delux suites with living room, bedroom and bath with a jacuzzi. the works. 
I was picking stuff up in the bedroom and i took a peek in one of the dresser drawers. I like to see what kind of weird stuff the rich bring with them. This drawer had the most beautiful undies i had ever seen. I knew she wouldnt be back for some time so i started snooping. Id never steal anything but i just wanted to see her stuff. 
Her underware was like that of a models. I couldnt help myself. I just had to try some on. I took off my uniform, then slipped outa my shoes and socks. I felt a little aroused as i slid off my bra and panties. I had never been naked in one of these rooms before, not while i was on duty. It was exciting and scary. I began trying different bras and panties on. I even tried on a garter belt and nylons , being very careful not to make then run. 
I was modeling in front of the full length mirror in the bathroom when i heard the door open and close. OMG She had come back and i was in her underware. I didnt know what to do so i just froze, listening. My heart was in my throat going 100mph. 
"WHAT THE HELL is this maid uniform doing here and whos been into my lingerie?" She asked angrily. I was trapped. The woman kicked open the door with a can of mace in her hand. 
"Dont shoot" i yelled cowering backwards. 
"Trying to steal my underware? You little Bitch, Ill have your job for this" 
"No please dont. I need this job" I begged 
"Your not only gonna be fired , but your going to jail, u little thief" 
I started to cry. "Please dont turn me in , Ill do anything. Im not a thief. I was just trying it on. Ive never seen such beautiful underwear and i just had to try it on. Im so so sorry." 
She seemed to soften a little. "You'll do anything?" 
"Yes Yes anything at all." I was desperate and just wanted to keep my job and not go to jail. 
"Ok first get out my clothes." 
As i started to undress i saw her just watching me. This kinda unnerved me. I wasnt used to being seen taking off my clothes. Even in gym class i wait till everybodys done so i can shower or change in private. 
Soon i was naked. I covered myself as best I could as I slipped past her into the bedroom looking for my uniform. 
"Wait. I didnt say you could put that on. Drop it." She ordered. 
When i hesitated She ordered me to drop it or She'd call my manger. At that moment i knew i was in real trouble. 
She made me put everything back and fold my uniform up and, along with my undies and shoes and socks, lay them all in a neat pile in the living room. The whole time i was naked and very embarrassed. 
"Ok now", She said as She looked my nude body up and down, "come with me". 
She took me into the bathroom, handed me a disposeable razor and a can of shave cream, and told me to shave off all my pubic hair. 
"All of it"? 
"Every hair and do a good job cuz Ill check you when i get back" and She left me alone to remove all my pubes. 
When She came back i was done. I had always had a good sized patch of hair. I would trim it but always maintained a healthy bush. Now i had nothing and it made me feel all the more naked, like i was totally exposed which in fact, i was. 
"Lay on the bed and spread your legs" 
I was mortified. I had never exposed myself to anyone like this before. "Wider, wider" She kept saying till i was almost doing the splits. "Not bad, now turn over and get on your knees." 
I did as i was told. Then She told me to put my head down and spread em once again. I spread my legs wide apart letting her see my butthole and pussy lips. I felt so humiliated and embarrassed. Then She did something i never expected. She ran her hand down my butt crack, past my pucked hole and onto my puffy lips. I must have jerked cuz She told me to settle down. She rubbed me all over between my thighs letting a finger slide along my slit all the way up to my butthole, all the while going "mmhm, nice, very smooth." She said She had to see if i did a good job. I hate to admit it but it made me wet. Then She stopped and slapped me hard on my buttcrack. It made a loud crack and i jumped and squealed in pain. Then She said sharply,"We need more towels, go get us some." She knew i had to comply. As I walked by the mirror i stole a glance at my now hairless crotch. I was agast. Then I turned and saw the red handprint on my butt crack. "Come on get those towels," She ordered. 
This would mean i would have to open the door and step out in the hallway naked. My heart was racing. I slowy opened the door and peeked out. No one coming but also no cart. I looked down the hall. This room was almost at one end of the long corridor. I looked toward the other direction and I could see the cart waaaaaay toward the far end. She had moved it. Now i had to go almost the entire length of the hall, bare as a baby, to get the towels. 
"And dont unfold them. bring them back holding them over your head. Now get going." 
I stepped out naked into the hall, covered my boobs with one hand and arm and my koochie with the other and ran down to the cart to get the towels. I picked up 6 towels held them up over my head and ran back. My boobs jiggling uncontrollably and my newly shaved pussy was feeling the cool breeze excentuated by the moistness i now had and the new freedom from the lack of pubic hair. 
"Ok, good," She exclaimed and then She hands me the ice bucket. 
My eyes must have gotten big cuz She just said "NOW" 
Again i peeked outside. Coast looked clear. I tippy toed to the ice machine, which was near the elevator, holding the bucket over my bare koochie and my arm and hand covering my boobs. As I was filling it up the elevator went *DING* and the doors slowly slid open. I looked up and locked eyes with a young well dressed man. I must have looked like a deer caught in the headlights. He stared for a minute then asked "air conditioning break?" and moved on. My face felt hot and i knew it was beet red. I finished filling the bucket. And ran back to the room. The door was closed and locked so i knocked lightly and whispered 
"please let me in". 
The door opened and there was the man from the elevator. I just stood there un able to move. 
"you just gonna stand out there with out ur clothes?" he laughed. 
I walked past him making my self as little as possible. "Put the ice on the coffe table and sit on the couch." the lady ordered. 
I sat down wondering what was next. 
So this is the little thief." the guy asked with a smile 
"Im not a thief, i just wanted to see her stuff." 
"but the fact remains you were going thru my "stuff" and u could get fired for it and possible jail time." 
"We wouldnt want that would we" the man chuckled. 
"Ok enough for today but come back tomorrow, when i have more time. What time do you get off tomorrow? 
"About 4" i said shyly still trying to cover my nakedness. 
"Ok be here at 4:15 sharp. I'll finish dealing with you then. And youd better be here or its goodbye job and hello jail....GOT IT?" 
I knodded. 
"Ok you can leave now" 
"Can I have my clothes, please?" I asked 
"Sure go get them" and she picked them up, walked to the balconey, looked back with a smile and dropped them over. 
I ran to the balconey just in time to see my clothes fluttering down. 
I left the room, quickly pushing the cart to the service elevator. Once on, i pushed the button for the basement and wrapped a towel around me. In the basement they stored lots of things , like uniforms. I found one that fit, slipped into it and went out to retrieve my clothes. I was still braless, pantyless and barefoot. I had to climb on a fence to get some of my clothes. I know i exposed my bare butt to whoever was near. Finally i had them all but my panties. I couldnt find them. 
I went back to work and had to finish my afternoon rounds without panties. My newly shaved pud felt great. It was a new feeling and it had me aroused. Plus the naughtyness of having no undies on. I was alone so i would spread my legs and stick my butt out when i bent over to make the beds. 
I thought about being caught trying on Her undies and made to strip. I replayed, in my mind, running naked down the hall and how it felt to be seen naked by the guy near the ice machine. And what were they gonna make me do tomorrow? It was so new and arousing. I couldnt help it i just had to play with myself in my last room. I brought myself to a climax and left. My shift was over and i could head home. I couldnt help but wonder about what tomorrow would bring. I was both fearful and yet excited.

part 2

The next day I thought about the woman all day long. What would she make me do? I got my work done and i went back up to room 751. I didnt know what to expect. I was terrified but at the same time sexually excited. I remembered how it felt when the lady inside touched my bare pussy and ran her fingers along my slit all the way up my buttcrack. The feeling of having no hair down there was kind of a turn on too. My skin all around my pussy and pooter still felt new and kinda tender. I knocked on the door and 'She' answered it. "Good right on time. You may be a snoop and a thief but at least your punctual." 
"Im not a thief, I told you that" 
"Whatever", She tossed back. "You need to get ready for what i have instore for you. You ever been a model? Never mind your one today." 
Model? I thought. 
"First get your clothes off. All of them!" Those words just intensified my excited state. "Your gonna take a bath, u you need to be clean and smelling good." 
I knew I had to follow Her orders without question or else She would have me fired from my maid job and maybe even put in jail. So I slowly stripped down to nothing. She led me over to the shower by my hand. Her hands were soft and i kinda liked be treated like a child. She turned the water on and felt the spray to make sure it was warm while i stood there with nothing on. I didnt even try to cover myself. I was begining to like this woman. 
"OK, its hot. Now step in and get all wet." 
I did as i was told, putting my honey blonde hair under the hot water, closing my eyes and letting it flow down my young body. I looked down at my 16yr old body. Kinda childish, my boobs are not real big but at least a handfull and my flat stomach and now bare pubic area made me look like i was 12. But i had a nice round butt and strong legs so i liked the way i looked still I was a little shy about exposing myself. Suddenly I was brought outa my self analysation when 'She' stepped into the shower with me....COMPLETELY NAKED TOO. "What are you doing?" i asked showing a little fear. 
"Calm down, Im gonna make sure your nice and clean." She started with my hair, using her own special shamoo and conditioner. Then a special body soap that she applied with a rough sponge. She scrubbed me all over. It felt good on my back. She got down below my waist and told me to lift one leg up and put my foot on her thigh. It felt funny and yet sensual to feel my foot on her skin. It was so smooth. She gently washed my leg then, with my foot still on her thigh, knelt down and washed my calf and foot. She held my calf gently as she washed my foot, getting in between every toe with her sponge. 
I was thoughly enjoying the feel of Her so close. She was very beautiful. A lot more womanly than me with her larger breasts and rounder hips, yet was still in excellent shape. 
She told me to put my leg down and give her the other one. She was still on her knees so She placed my calf across her shoulder. Her face was about 6 inches from my hairless pussy that She had forced me to shave just yesterday. She washed my thigh and then between my thighs with Her soapy sponge. As She rubbed over and past my vulva, I leaned back put my hands on the walls for balance. This pushed my pubic area closer to Her face. She kept on rubbing with the sponge back and forth from the front of my pubeless crotch all the way over my swollen pussylips and between my now spread inner thighs and up past my puckered hole. It felt so good. I closed my eyes and breathed deep. She brought the soapy sponge out to my pussy and just started circleing over and over forcing my pussylips apart and touching my clitoris. I began to move with the sponge. I felt Her lips kiss my slit lightly and i let out a little shudder, then she started moving the sponge down my thigh and onto my calf and foot. She had turned me on so much i almost asked Her not to stop. She washed my foot, getting in between the toes again and even that was turning me on. She had me right where She wanted me and knew it. 
We got out of the shower and She dryed me off then herself. She sprayed us both with a great smelling deoderant. 
We finished getting ready and She did my make up and everything. She gave me a new dress to wear and a thong. She had guessed my size perfectly. I was wondering why all the attention? Wasnt i supposed to be getting punished? What was this all leading to? 
We went downstairs, it was almost 6:30. We got in Her Mercedes and zoomed away. 
We came to a small office building. It looked like it had been a store at one time but was now just rented space. We got out and She had me help Her with a cart that had been in Her trunk. It was kinda heavy but we managed. It had wheels on and She pulled it easily along. 
We walked in together, She was pulling the cart with what ever it had inside still inside. She told me to sit on a sofa. I looked around. There must have been 30 other women in the room plus a few men. They were all sitting around in a semi circle facing forward as She gave a presentation. She was so confident like She had the greatest thing in the world tucked away in that cart. 
The time had come. She opened the cart. She asked two of the young men to help Her and the brought our a thing She called a Sybian. They set it up on top the cart. It looked like someone had cut a barrel in half,turned it on its side and covered it in leather. Almost like a saddle. It had a rubber pad on top. She was showing all the attachments. They looked like dildoes and penises and other wierd shaped phalic objects. She chose a pad with high ridges on it and a big inch high knob on the front and secured it on the saddle. Then She demonstrated the control box attached to the Sybian by a long electric cord. 
"My assistant will now get on and demonstrate," She announced to the 30 people. I just looked at her. She looked at me and suddenly it hit me I WAS HER ASSISTANT. I stood up. I didnt like to be in front of crowds. I was a little shy in that respect. 
"MY Assistant will please remove her dress." I couldnt believe what i had just heard. I was stunned. I had to strip in front of all of these women and the guys too. I could feel that warm feeling going thru me as i turned beet red. Slowly i took my dress off. My little bare titties jiggled lightly as the dress brushed past them as i pulled it over my head. With all eyes on me, I climbed on top the giant vibrator. She showed me where to sit. Everybody came up to get a look at exactly where my crotch was suppose to be. All I had on was a thin thong and a pair of slip on heels. 
She turned a knob and i felt the "saddle" come to life right on my snatch. Oh my God, i could feel it deep inside. She turned it up. It was getting very intense even though it kinda tickled but yet it felt so sensual. All these people around me were waiting to see me get wet or worse yet, have an orgasum right there. 
I couldnt help it I began rubbing my crotch back and forth as She turned it up, adding stronger vibrations to my young pussy. I was giggling uncontrolably now, adding a few moans when ever I was able to catch my breath. That inch knob was pushing right up against my clit and i was pushing back. 
My thong was getting soaked and i was rubbing my crotch as hard as i could. She jacked up the juice a few more knotches and my shoes fell off and i was making some really strange noices as i forgot the crowd was even there. 
Then.... the vibrations stopped. But i kept rubbing my wet kooch on the machine. She told me to stop and waited till i did then told me to get off. My legs were a little shakey and i was very embarrassed to have gotten my thong so wet in front of the crowd. 
"Lets try another attachment" She said happily and brought out a 6 inch knob covered thing. Not sure what it was. It looked like a cucumber with giant acne and veins but it fit right on the rubber pad. 
"Assistant...remove your thong." 
My mouth dropped open. 
She learned toward my ear, put her face close to mine and with a fake smile and clenched teeth whispered, "get it off ...NOW" 
I pulled the juicy undergarment down and stood in front of the crowd. My bare wet pussy was on show for everyone to see. 
"She will now climb on and inset the 'knobby something or other' (she had a name for it) inside her vagina. 
EEEEK I was gonna f**k this saddle in front of a crowd? My eyes got as big as frisbees. 
I slowly climbed on and scooted up to the 'knotted twisted pussy destroyer' ( that was my name for it) My vagina was certainly lubed enough but they added some more lube to the K.T.P.D. anyway. 
I positioned myself above it and went down on it an inch. I looked at the crowd. All eyes were on me...well.. my koochie actually. Then i felt the vibrations. I slowly slid down another inch. That K.T.P.D. was awesome. As the vibes got stronger it was easier to go down on it and soon it was in me. There I was, moving up and down, fucking the saddle, as naked as could be. My titties were bouncing all around and i was moaning and gasping for air in front of 30 strangers. I could feel myself cumming and that was before before She had the control on halfway, I let out an animal like noise, grabbed my boobies. and held on for one hell of a climax. I hadnt had very many orgasum in my young sex life so when that one hit my toes spread out and as I bucked and screamed on top that machine, putting on quite a show. I got a standing ovation. 
They helped me off. I was pretty shaky and weak with juice running down my legs. She told me to go to the rest room and clean up. 
I spent a long time in the restroom. Washing my face and the rest of me. I was so tired. That machine really took it out of me. When I came out everybody was gone. Most of the lights were off. I looked for Her but couldnt find her. Omg what was I gonna do? She had the dress and thong and shoes. I looked out the front door. It was about 8:30 and still light out. I walked out a little way past the protection of the doorway. Looked both ways. Nothing. Behind me i heard the door latch. I tried to get back in but the door was locked. Now i was outside naked, in a strange part of town. I was ready to cry when up pulled the mercedes. I breathed a sigh of relief. 
You didnt think I was gonna leave you did ya?" She laughed. "Honey , I've never sold as many of those things at one show as i did tonight. You want to travel with me? We'd make a mint." 
"No, Thanks I just want to get home." 
"Where can I drop ya? She asked smiling. 
"Back at the motel, Im still naked,remember?" 
She gave me glance and a smile, then the dress and told me to keep it and the shoes too(the soppy thong had been thrown out). She drove me back to the motel where we went up to Her room. I got my unifom and went home. We said goodbye. Then She gave me a hug and a kiss right on my mouth. I could feel her tongue brushing my lips, then my teeth then my tongue as i opened my mouth slightly. I didnt want her to stop, but She did and i left Her room. 
I never saw Her again but i am saving up for one of those Sybians
