Breaking in Jody
by Art Martin

Fifteen year old Jody has a fabulous body and she's a virgin. What a prize to be had...

Jody knew that it was absolutely the end of the world.  At least for the summer and summer had just begun.  Here she was all ready to encourage Johnny, her boyfriend for the past year, to be a little more adventurous.  She had let him feel her up and she had given him a couple of blowjobs, but he was hesitant to do more while she was ready to do more.  So she told her mother that she was having sex and… Well, that just didn’t turn out at all like Jody had thought it would.

Her mother had told her to be honest with her about sexual matters.  That she would see to it that Jody was protected when she started having sex.  That she didn’t want Jody to get pregnant like she did as a teenager and ruin her life.  Not that Jody had ruined her life, it was just that she had to drop out of high school and missed out on so much.  Ultimately she had to settle for less.   

Jody was well aware of what her mother meant by settling for less.  Jody’s first step father wasn’t much of a catch and thankfully he disappeared after a few years.  Her second stepfather wasn’t any better.  Besides the squalor of the dingy trailer they lived in, he seemed to thrive on making her mother cry.  Jody would always remember the sounds, of Burt cursing, the sounds of shattering furniture and the pitiful wails her mother made when he beat her.  Then he disappeared too, only Jody knew where he disappeared to… the state penitentiary for grand thief auto.

After her experience with Burt, her mother never got too close to any one man, but Jody remembered that were dozens of them.  It wasn’t at all unusual to for her to wake up and find her mother serving breakfast to yet another strange man sitting at the breakfast table in just his underwear. But gradually things got better for them.  They moved from the trailer park to an apartment, then to a nicer apartment.

When Jody announced that she was sexually active, her mother had just come in from work.  Her mother seemed to go off in several directions at once.  To Jody, everything seemed to be all related to her announcement.  First, her mother forbade her from seeing Johnny again.  Then she announced that they were moving.  That very weekend they moved across town.  It was all to keep her from having sex with Johnny… or so she thought. 

It wasn’t until they had moved in with Luke that Jody realized that it wasn’t about her at all.  Luke was a nice man and wanted to marry her mother.  He had a nice house, the nicest home she ever had.  And unlike a lot of her mother’s boyfriends, he didn’t make moves on Jody nor make her feel anxious.  True, he did look at her just like all other men looked at her, but he was never threatening.  Indeed, Jody liked the way he looked at her, though she tried not to let it show.

Her mother, keeping her promise, took Jody to a doctor to put her on birth control.  It was quite a shock to her mother when the doctor announced that Jody was still a virgin.  Her mother went ahead with it anyways and had the Norplant implanted into her arm.  It turned out that the whole thing about Johnny was that her mother didn’t want her to get pregnant before the birth control took effect.

With her trust in her mother restored, Jody still faced the dilemma of moving to a new area where she knew no one, and with school out, there wasn’t much hope of meeting anyone either. For Jody, it promised to be a long, boring summer of watching bad TV.

Then to her surprise, Luke came to the rescue and introduced her to Wendy Clarke who lived just a blocks away.   Luke and Wendy’s dad worked together she was told.  The two men decided it would be good idea if the two girls got to know each other, even though Wendy was a year ahead of Jody in school.  Wendy and Jody hit it off right from the start.  For Jody, Wendy’s company was a godsend.  Not only was she great company, but Wendy promised to introduce her to all her friends when school started in the fall. 

For Jody, the prospect of being in high school was both exciting and daunting.  Before the move, she was looking forward to being a top dog in ninth grade at Warren G. Harding Junior High School.   Now she was to be a lowly fish at Brightwood High School.  Wendy assured her that she would love it and that as pretty as she was, she’d certainly be a popular girl with the guys.

About a week after meeting Wendy, while their parents were at work, Jody was hanging out at Wendy’s when Wendy got a phone call.  Watching and overhearing parts of the conversation, Jody could see how excited Wendy was.  Clasping her hand over the cell phone for privacy, Wendy turned to Jody and excitedly asked, “You wanna go swimming?”

“Sure!  But I’ll have to go home and get my suit.”

“You can wear one of mine!” offered Wendy enthusiastically.

“Yes, she’s cute!  Blake will love her,” Wendy told the person she was talking to.  “She just moved here and she’ll start at Brightwood next year.”  Jody watched as Wendy nodded her head listening. 

“Okay, we’ll be ready in an hour!  Bye, Rhett.”

Clasping her phone to her generous breasts Wendy excitedly announced, “Rhett will pick us up in an hour.”

“Who’s Rhett?”

“He’s only the coolest hunk at Brightwood!” Wendy declared starry eyed.  “His brother, Blake, is a hunk too!  You’ll love them!”  Wendy carried on animated for several minutes extolling the qualities of Rhett and his younger brother Blake.  Not only were they first class cuties, she assured, they were well off and on the coolness scale, both rated a perfect ten. 

Jody’s enthusiasm faded when she realized that she would need to get her mother’s permission.  Wendy resolved that issue by declaring that she was with her and that she would call her mother and tell her that they were at a friend’s house swimming.  Wendy knew her mother wouldn’t press for details and that it would be fine with her, therefore it would be fine with Jody’s mom too.  The teen logic was impeccable; Wendy was providing Jody with companionship.

After resolving the problem with the ‘rents and filling Jody’s head with visions of virile male hunkiness, Wendy declared that they had better get ready.  The older girl tore into her chest of drawers, extracted a red bikini and thrust it upon Jody declaring, “This will fit!”

Jody looked with dismay at the tiny garment in her hand.  “There’s hardly anything here!”

“That’s the point,” quipped Wendy.  “You’ll look fabulous in that!  Go on, put it on.”

To Jody’s complete surprise, Wendy immediately stripped down to nothing right in front of her before digging around looking for the suit she wanted to wear. After a few minutes she came up with handful of blue strings.

Wasting no time, she slipped on the tiny blue bikini and posed sexily to show it off to her new friend. Jody’s hand went to her mouth as her disbelieving eyes bulged out.  There was hardly anything there!  Two tiny triangles barely covered Wendy’s nipples, and the thong bottoms left absolutely nothing to the imagination. “Oh, my gawd!  You’re going to wear that?” the younger girl incredulously gasped.

“Sure!  Why not?”

Staring at the string riding up into Wendy’s slit, Jody answered in shock, “Why not?  You’re practically naked!”

“No, I’m not,” Wendy declared with a wicked grin.

“Well… you can see everything!”

“Yeah, cool, huh?  Besides, Rhett gave it to me, so I have to wear it.”

“Do your parents know…”

“Heavens, no!  They’d have a cow and ground me for life! 

"Now, come on, try on your suit.”  Jody had a bikini at home, but nothing like the little red number she had in her hand.  “C’mon, girl!  They’ll be here soon!” Not wanting to seem uncool and nerdy, Jody began to disrobe. 

“Gosh, you’re stacked,” Wendy gushed as Jody’s bare boobs came into view.  “Wow, I wish my nipples were darker, like yours, but noooo, mine are so pale you can hardly see them.”  

Blushing profusely, Jody lowered her shorts and her panties.  “Oooooo, that won’t do.  That won’t do at all,” the taller blonde girl declared.  “That big old bush will poke out everywhere!  We’ll have to fix that!”

Next thing Jody knew, she was being hauled naked down the hallway to the bath.  Wendy directed her sit on the toilet while she gathered up her razor, shaving cream and lotion.

“Now, sit back and spread your legs,” the near-nude thong clad girl ordered. 

Jody not knowing what else she might do, followed Wendy’s instructions.  She had to stifle a gasp as Wendy slathered shaving cream on her mons and in between her legs.  Wendy worked swiftly and with a sure hand.  In seconds Jody’s dark bush was but a memory. 

Wendy started in on shaving the younger girl’s vulva.  “Put your leg up on the tub,” the blonde instructed.  Obediently, Jody hiked her leg to give Wendy unfettered access to her pussy.  Jody closed her eyes as first one labia was pulled out and shaved clean, then the other. Wendy seemed to take a long time down there, but presumably the girl was just being careful not to nick Jody’s nether lips. 

When the shave was over, Jody heard Wendy exclaim, “Look at your nipples!  You really liked that, didn’t you?” 

Jody opened her eyes and starred with embarrassed disbelief at the fully erect status of her thick nipples. But what happened next took her by complete surprise.  Wendy’s finger slid up her slit to her nubbin.

“You’re dripping wet and really excited, aren’t you?” said the forward girl as she began rubbing Jody’s clit. Jody’s widespread legs immediately began to twitch and jerk.  Wendy grinned wickedly as she watched her new friend’s expression turn from surprise to a glassy eyed stare as she was masturbated.

Jody’s nipples had always been sensitive and when Wendy’s mouth closed over a turgid nipple, the electric shock went right to her groin.  Jody let out a plaintive moan as the orgasm tore through her, radiating from her pussy to the far reaches of her fingers and toes.  It seemed to go on and on, causing her to thrash about on the toilet seat as her breath was literally taken away.

Suddenly the excruciating pleasure was over as lips and fingers were removed.  Still, it was several minutes before the panting girl could regain her focus.  When she did regain her composure, she saw Wendy grinning up at her, licking her fingers. 

“You have a quick trigger, sweetie,” Wendy said.  “You’ll have to return the favor.  I know!  How about if you sleep over with me tonight?” 

Jody was too stunned to answer and unknowingly nodded her approval. 

“Good!” gushed Wendy.  “We’ll have a ball,” she added with a knowing laugh. 

Suddenly the older girl’s demeanor changed and with an urgency declared, “They’ll be here soon!  C’mon, I need to finish you up!” 

A moment later Jody found herself on the bathroom floor with her ass high in the air.  Again she was startled when Wendy slathered shaving cream up her ass crack.  The girl was quick and sure with the razor, removing the few stray hairs that marred her dark region.  Next she felt a wet wash cloth run up between her legs, removing the last bits of shaving cream from between her legs and her cleft.  Then she felt a cold sensation as Wendy slathered on a lotion to sooth the razor burn, working it over her entire private region, including her now bald mons.

Suddenly she felt a slap to her upturned buttocks as Wendy exclaimed, “That’s it for now, honey.  C’mon, you have to get dressed!”

By the time Wendy hauled Jody naked from the bathroom back to her bedroom, the intense orgasm was but a fond memory.  Still she was flushed with sexual excitement as she stood nude before the taller blonde.

“God, just look at you,” the older girl said lustily, “you are simply delicious!  Those tits!  I just love your tits!”  Without a moment’s pause she changed subjects and demanded that Jody put on the tiny red bathing suit.

Jody, still dazed and somewhat confused, slipped on the bottoms and adjusted the ties on the side to fit her properly.  Then she put on the revealing top, with Wendy helping her with the fit and tying the two strings in the back.  Checking her image out in the mirror, Jody couldn’t believe how skimpy the red string bikini was.  Still, compared to what Wendy had on, it was downright conservative.  At least the bottoms covered most of her butt and covered her pussy.  It also covered most of her full breasts, but just barely contained them. 

“Gawd, you look hot!”gushed Wendy.  “You’re gonna get laid for sure!” 

Wendy paused, wrinkled her brow and asked, “You do want to get laid, don’t you?”

“I, I don’t know,” replied Jody honestly.  “I don’t know these guys, you know.”

“Yeah, but you will,” replied Wendy brightly.  “You’re on the pill, aren’t you?”

“Yes,” answered Jody in a whisper, thankful that her mother had protected her.  Still, she was a virgin and she wasn’t all that sure about just going out with some strange guy and letting him fuck her; and that's what it'd be, as it certainly wouldn't be making love.  But she wasn’t about to admit that to Wendy and reveal just how inexperienced she actually was.

She just about fainted when Wendy gushed, “Good!  These guys like it bareback!”

Jody was about to tell Wendy that maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all, but before she could say anything the doorbell rang.  Wendy urgently implored Jody to put on her t-shirt and shorts while Wendy wrapped a sarong around her lithe body.  Then the older girl literally dragged Jody out to the front door. 

When Wendy opened the front door, there stood the two most gorgeous guys Jody had ever laid eyes upon.  They were both tall and well muscled.  Both had penetrating deep blue eyes and smiles that could melt an iceberg.  One was slightly taller than the other and one was blond while the taller one had brown hair, but it was obvious that these two teen Adonises were brothers.

Wendy quickly introduced the taller, brown haired boy as Blake and the slightly shorter blonde boy as Blake’s older brother, Rhett.  With a disarming easiness about him, Blake greeted, “Hi ya, gorgeous!”

Jody had never been called gorgeous before and she was instantly smitten by the handsome hunk who was to be her date this afternoon. In an instant, her not-so-bold beau Johnny was all but forgotten.   Rhett for his part told her hello before taking Wendy into his arms and laying on her on a smoldering kiss. 

Blake stood smiling at Jody while Rhett and Wendy tongue danced and ground their bodies together.  After a long minute, he finally told the smooching couple, “Save it for later, guys.”  As Rhett and Wendy broke apart, Jody noticed how flushed with excitement her new friend was. 

A moment later, Jody was agog as Blake opened the backdoor of the Jaguar sedan for her.  The rich smell of leather filled her nostrils immediately as she slid into the back seat. 

She had just gotten used to the luxurious car when they turned into a drive and an automatic gate opened.  Driving up the long tree lined driveway, Jody could hardly believe her eyes.  It was a mansion!

Rhett pulled up in front and parked in the circular drive that was accentuated with a small fountain.  Jody had never seen a place like this before, except on television and in the movies.  She knew places like this existed, but she never imaged being in a place like this.  Actually it wasn’t a mansion, but it was a large house, a very nice large house; the home of a moderately successful entrepreneur.  But to Jody, who was used to dumpy trailers and dumpy apartments, it seemed like a mansion.

Blake came around and acting the perfect gentleman, opened the passenger door for Jody. She felt like Cinderella as she stepped out of the Jag and was led up the steps of the portico.  Once inside, she was expecting to see a butler or at least a maid, but the house was apparently vacant except for the four teenagers.   It was then that Jody realized how silly she was.  Inside, the house was very nice indeed, but it was hardly a mansion. Still it was the nicest house she’d ever been inside of. 

While they walked through the house, Rhett stripped off his shirt and carelessly discarded it on a sofa.  Blake too, removed his shirt, revealing the chiseled physique that came with hard work in the gym.

“Is your mom home?” Jody asked as they walked through the living areas to the patio.

“No.  She doesn’t live here,” replied Blake. Quickly he added, “Dad is out of town on business.”

“Oh… oh, okay.”

Once outside, Jody marveled at the exquisite free-form pool.  Not only was it large, it had a waterfall, a connecting spa, and it was beautifully and lushly landscaped.   Looking about she saw the grounds beyond the pool area and realized that it was completely private.  As nice as Luke’s house was, the neighboring houses were practically on top of one another.  Here, you couldn’t see another house; just lush greenery.  Jody loved it immediately.

Rhett wasted no time in relieving Wendy of her sarong.  Brazenly he stroked her bare buttocks while she kissed his bare chest and worked at removing his shorts.  As his shorts hit the ground around his ankles, Jody saw that he had nothing on underneath.  He was nude; totally nude.  Then to her shock, she watched as Wendy went to her knees and took his cock into her mouth.  He wrapped his fingers in her blond hair and pulled her head back and forth, fucking her face. 

Jody’s attention was diverted when Blake began pulling her t-shirt over her head.  “Nice,” he declared as her bikini-restrained tits jiggled and bounced into view.  “Simply gorgeous,” he breathlessly added.  He stepped back and undid his shorts.  To Jody’s relief, he had on a black Speedo underneath. 

He then brazenly undid her shorts and pushed them down.  As she stepped out of her cutoff jeans, Blake again praised, “Simply gorgeous!”  Jody felt practically naked standing about in the tiny string bikini while Blake ogled her and she felt the growing wetness between her legs. 

Blake took her in his arms and pulled her into him.  She expected to feel his hands all over her, like his brother had done to Wendy, but instead he whispered to her, “You want to watch them or would you rather go swimming?”

“I, I…,” she stammered as his hands roamed across her back, “I think we better go swimming.” 

To her delight and surprise, he lifted her up into his arms and then carried her effortlessly past Wendy as she brazenly fellated Rhett, taking her to the pool where he carried her down the steps and into the water.  From there he guided her to an alcove where they could still see what Wendy and Rhett were up to.

“How come I’ve never seen you before?” asked Blake as if nothing untoward was happening just a few feet away.

“Uh, I just moved into the neighborhood,” Jody replied while glancing at her new friend giving a blowjob out in the open.

“That explains it,” he replied. “Where did you move from?”

“Uh, just from across town.”

Glancing over at her cock gobbling friend, she muttered, “Jesus, I can’t believe she’s, uh…” 

“You know Wendy for very long?”

“Uh, no, I just met her last week.  Our dads work together.”

“They do?  That’s cool,” the handsome boy replied with a disarming smile. 

Blake turned her head towards him and away from his blond brother being serviced adding, “You know, you are probably the prettiest girl in town.”

“You’re just saying that,” she rejoined brushing aside the come on.

“No, it’s true.  You’re gorgeous.”

“Oh, come on!  You’re just trying to…”

Once again he turned her to face him.  “Trying to do what?”

“You know… seduce me,” she said blushing.

“Seduce you?  You’re the one who has seduced me.”

“Really?”

“Yes, really.  Now it’s only fair that I seduce you in return.”  Blake pulled Jody to him and laid on a tongue probing kiss that took the girl’s breath away. 

He was by far the best kisser that Jody had ever encountered. She opened her mouth and greedily sucked on the invading tongue and then returned the gesture. As the thrill coursed through her nervous system, her cock-sucking friend, Wendy, was forgotten.  The only thing that mattered was the handsome boy kissing her and his strong hands caressing her back.  When the hands began roaming lower, she knew that she should have broken it off, but it just felt too good.  In Blake’s embrace, she was powerless to stop or even protest when his hand slipped into the back of her bikini bottoms.  She was momentarily saved when Wendy and Rhett were suddenly at her side.

Blake broke off the kiss and allowed Jody to twist away just enough to extract his hand from her buttocks.  Distracted by Wendy, she turned and was shocked by what she saw.  Several rivulets of sticky white goo clung to her friend’s laughing face. 

Rhett challenged his brother to a game of horse, dove under and lifted Wendy on to his shoulders.  Blake and Jody immediately rose to the challenge and the game was on. Jody quickly discovered that their two older opponents had an advantage in size and strength.  After being dunked three times, she finally managed to dismount Wendy. 

The game soon evolved from simple dismounting to a game of bra stripping.  To Jody’s triumph she managed to remove Wendy’s top first and proudly displayed her trophy.  However, mere moments later, it was her top that was being displayed. Now she found herself at a real disadvantage as she tried to maintain modesty with one hand while fending off Wendy’s attacks with the other.  Wendy for her part didn’t seem to care that her bare boobs were on display.

After losing two matches, Jody decided to defend her herself and to Rhett’s delight, threw modesty to the wind.  She and Blake managed to upend Rhett and Wendy.  However when Wendy came up, she was in a struggle with Rhett.  Suddenly Rhett surfaced holding Wendy’s bottoms up for all to see.  Wendy made a half-hearted attempt to retrieve her bottoms, but Rhett playfully kept them just out of her reach.  Then in the shallows, Rhett lifted her from the water squealing and carried Wendy naked out of the pool and laid her down on a sunning mat.

Blake took Jody off his shoulders and led her back to the alcove.  One game was over and another was about to begin.  Blake pushed the wet hair from her face and kissed her.  Gently at first, but soon they were dueling with their tongues.  Blake towered over her, but around his shoulder she could see that Rhett had mounted Wendy and was slowly pumping into her.

“Don’t pay them any mind,” Blake told her gazing into the petite brunette’s green eyes. 

But she couldn’t help but watch.  She felt Blake’s hands cup her bikini clad bottom and suddenly he lifted her out of the water, placing her bare tits right into his face. 

“You’ve got fabulous tits, baby,” she heard him say just before his lips locked onto a brown nipple.  Immediately a bolt of electricity shot from her molested tit to her pussy.  It didn’t help that she now had an unobstructed view of the fornicating couple.  Even though she hardly knew him, she found herself grinding her tits into Blake’s face, relishing the oral assault on her sensitive titties and the squeezing of her butt.

It was right after Rhett and Wendy changed positions from a missionary to a doggie when Blake lowered Jody back into the water.  Immediately she felt something different as Blake’s now bare cock pressed into her belly.  She reached around him and felt his bare ass.  Somehow, somewhere, he had discarded his trunks.  She had little time to ponder this mystery, as she soon discovered that he had deftly untied her bottoms and had stripped them off of her.  Again he effortlessly lifted her by the buttocks.  She quickly realized that this time it wasn’t her tits he was after, as his cock rubbed and pressed against her vulnerable pussy.

“I’m a virgin,” she gasped.

Blake stopped trying to enter her and replied, “You are?”

“Yes,” she whispered.

“Well, in that case, let’s do this right the first time.”  He kissed her and then carried her out of the water with her arms wrapped around his neck and her legs wrapped around his waist, past the couple on the deck copulating, and laid her onto a chaise lounge.  Blake looked down upon his virginal prize while she gazed at his erect manhood. 

To Jody, he was beautiful standing before her nude and ready to ravish her.  She shivered knowing that in a few moments, that beautiful boy’s organ would be inside her, and for the first time she would experience what it meant to be a woman.

“Damn, you’re beautiful,” the handsome boy said.  “I hate rubbers, so do you want me to pull out when I cum?”

“No…  I’m on the pill,” she whispered.

“Great!  Now spread your legs and show me your pussy.”

Jody couldn’t believe that she was actually displaying herself like she was, lewdly inviting him to fuck her.   She gazed down her legs at the boy who was at her feet, admiring her most private of privates.  He knelt and ran his hands up and down her legs, getting tantalizingly close but not actually touching her freshly shaved pussy.  Then he kissed her, on her foot.  No one had ever done that before, but he didn’t linger long, slowly kissing up her legs, switching from side to side until his tongue was dancing in the crease between her thighs and vulva.  Jody was nearly mad with desire when his dexterous lingual digit first licked across the puffy surface of her vulva. 

Jody was soon panting from his gentle oral play, feeling her pussy flooding with her lubricating juices.  Then it happened, his tongue traced up her dewy slit, not penetrating between the folds, but mercilessly teasing her and causing her pant even more.

Blake looked up her torso and was pleased at the sight of her full heaving tits.  He didn’t know if she’d ever been eaten out before, but he knew if he wasn’t the first to taste her, he would be the last to drink from her virgin pussy, a virgin pussy that would soon be virgin no more.

A deep guttural moan rose in her throat as the nimble, loving tongue penetrated between her swelling labia and slowly scoured her slick channel. Again and again the ever moving tongue lapped up her cunt in a deliberately slow manner that drove her wild.  Suddenly the tongue stopped, pressing against her stiff nubbin.  Her hips began to move on their own volition, rotating against the stationary lingual muscle. 

Blake smiled to himself, this was a hot one and she was his for the taking.  He changed tactics, sucking the throbbing bud between his lips.  Above the passionate cries of Wendy urging his older brother to, “Fuck me!  Fuck me! Fuck me, baby!” he heard Jody let out her own cry of joy.  With her clit under suction between his lips, his devilish tongue rapidly flicked the tiny bundle of nerves until the girl shrieked… then a silence as her hips rose off the chaise, her entire body rigid and shuddering in orgasmic splendor.

It was some minutes before Jody was once again aware of where she was.  Her eyes flickered open.  At first she wasn’t quite sure where she was or who she was with.  Then the naked boy came into view, standing at her feet and slowly stroking his turgid cock.    She looked right and saw only trees. 

‘My god, I’m outside.  Anyone could see me!’ the young virgin thought. The thought of being observed was oddly exciting.  She looked to her left and saw the she was indeed being watched as Wendy and Rhett were standing naked nearby, no longer fucking, but watching and waiting for Blake to fuck her. This wasn't how she'd imagined her first time would be, out in the open, being the center of attention.  Still, it made her pussy tingle with anticipation.

Her attention was quickly diverted as Blake began to take up position on top of her.  She felt his hard penis, the spongy head hot and slippery, pressing against her folds.  Then she felt her pussy lips parting as the self-lubricating head nestled into the wet, slippery maw of her virgin vagina.  The cock didn’t remain at the entrance very long and penetrated into her until her barrier was reached. 

Having heard all the stories of how bad the first time could be, she held her breath, expecting searing pain.  Instead, she found pleasure, as Blake gently fucked in and out to her hymen and no further.  Then he stopped.  He kissed her and told her, “This may hurt, but only for a moment.”

She didn’t even have a chance to nod her acknowledgement when her pussy was suddenly completely filled with its first cock.  It did sting, causing her to suck in her breath, but it didn’t hurt all that much.  Holding her breath and waiting for pain that never came, she realized that he had penetrated her fully.  After a long moment the cock began to withdraw, only to penetrate again.

Blake fucked her deep, with slow shallow strokes, taking his time, letting her vagina become adjusted to his invading cock. Soon though, the strokes became longer and longer, until he was plowing all the way into her and then pulling all but the very tip of his cock crown from her pussy before driving back deeply into her. 

The young handsome buck felt his conquest's heels digging into his butt, pulling him inside her and he knew she was now ready for a real fucking.  Gradually his pace increased, his stokes becoming more and more demanding until the slapping sound of groin to groin contact filled the air.

Blake held his weight off her with his arms as he fucked the shapely fifteen year old, relishing the sight of her large D-cup tits beneath him, capped with stiffly pointed nipples, wildly jigging about as he pounded into her.  She was tight and the friction on his cock quickly took its toll.  He wasn’t all that much interested in lasting too long, not for his first screw, as he knew he would be fucking this girl over and over again, through the afternoon and into the night. Indeed he knew he’d be fucking her whenever and however he wished, until he grew tired of her and discarded her for fresh meat.  But for now, she was the fresh meat and she was his.

“I’m gonna cum, baby,” he grunted as he screwed, “I’m gonna cum… Ahhhhh!  Ahhhh!  Ughhhh!   Ughhhh!   Ughhhh!” 

Jody felt his cock throb with each ejaculatory pulse and felt his virile seed squirting forcefully into her once pristine cavern.  “Yesss!” she hissed, “Yesss!” announcing her approval of the culmination of her deflowering.  Suddenly Blake stopped thrusting and withdrew his cock.  Now she felt strangely empty, but she was also glowing.  She closed her eyes and tried to capture this moment forever in her memory.

Blake sauntered over to his brother, his grin stretching from ear to ear.  His brother grinned back as he openly molested a willing Wendy.  “Look at this!” Blake demanded as he pointed to his dick.  His older brother glanced down and saw his brother’s cock glistening with the mingled juices from his recent tryst, the fluids tinged red with the blood of the deflowered virgin.

“Damn!  She was a virgin?”

“Yup!  Tight as hell and eager to please.”

“Well, I think I need to sample that.”

“Have at her, Rhett,” the younger brother offered.  Then he turned to Wendy, “Clean me up, bitch.”

Jody had opened her eyes and was looking at the other teens.  She blinked thinking she had things confused; Wendy was blowing someone again, but he had dark hair and walking towards her was the blonde brother.  She could have sworn Blake had the dark hair and his brother…

“Ready for seconds,” Rhett said as he moved on top of her, clasping her arms by the wrists and stretching them above her head.  She tried to close her legs, but it was too late, he was between them and a moment later he was inside her.  Jody had never expected this, to be fucked by two boys, but she was. 

Just a few minutes before she was a virgin; now she was being used like a slut.  Wendy was a slut; that she knew for certain, but…

'Oh, my god, I'm being raped,' she realized, but to her dismay she found her hips thrusting back at the boy now fucking her.  She knew she should be repulsed by what was happening, but damn, it felt so good… too good.  Too good to say no, too good to complain, it simply felt too damned good.  She heard herself whisper, “Yes, fuck me, baby, fuck me.”

Unlike his younger brother, Rhett had already blown two loads and he was in for a long fuck session.  Jody found herself moved this way and that as Rhett changed their position every five minutes or so.  The pause between fucks was short and the fucking was ceaseless, as well as demanding, with Rhett taking her and taking her and taking her.  She experienced her first orgasm from penile stimulation, then another and another.  When it was finally over she was wasted, completely drained of all energy and soaked in sweat.

While she fucked Rhett, she was subjected to additional sexual acts.  At one point she saw Wendy standing above her head.  Moments later, Wendy’s cum dripping snatch was grinding into her face while Rhett energetically pumped his cock in and out, churning up a white froth from his sibling’s cum.  Later, Rhett had her on top, mauling her jugs as she fucked him.  Suddenly, Blake’s cock was thrust into her face.  Instinctively she knew what to do and gobbled the offered extra prick with relish.

Eventually Rhett declared, “My dick’s getting sore,” and he abruptly dismounted her sweat soaked body. 

“You’re a nice fuck, baby,” he complimented.  “It's gonna be fun having you around this summer.”  Then he wandered off into the house, leaving her with a now gaping pussy and a yearning for more cock. 

She looked around and found Blake; he was screwing Wendy in the ass.  Then it hit her, what she had done.  Her first time and she did it with two guys, sometimes the two guys were doing her at the same time, sometimes she was licking Wendy’s cunt while Rhett fucked her.  Only a total slut would do those things.

She lay on the chaise lounge, looking up at the clouds drifting by and the occasional bird as it fluttered past.  She heard birds chirping, Wendy grunting and the soft, “Phat! Phat! Phat!” of Wendy’s buttocks meeting Blake’s thrusting groin.  She looked back over at the fornicators and marveled at how Wendy’s buttocks shook and quaked and wondered if her buttocks would do that too.  Then she shuddered, knowing Wendy was taking it up her anus.  ‘What a slut,’ she muttered.  Still she watched in fascination until she was startled by Rhett sitting down next to her.

“You like watching?” Rhett asked.

“Yeah, I do,” she honestly answered.

“You like being watched?”

“I don’ know.”

“Liar!” he laughed.  Then he offered her a sip from his bottle of beer.  Her throat was parched and even though she didn’t like beer, the cold liquid was soothing.  She took more than just a sip. 

She handed the bottle back to Rhett.  “No, you keep it, honey.  I brought out a bucket,” he said as he extracted a fresh cold beer from the iced bucket.

Rhett then called to his brother, “Hey, Blake!  Get your dick out of my girlfriend’s ass and have a beer.  You too, slut!”  Blake rocked back and extracted his cock from Wendy’s upturned ass. He then sauntered over to Rhett and Jody with his bobbing cock leading the way, leaving Wendy on her knees and her face plastered to the sunning mat. 

Blake sat very near Jody’s head and as he gulped down half a brew, she caught a whiff of the funky odor of ass rising from his semi rigid cock.  Soon Wendy was joining them.  Before Rhett would give Wendy a beer, he made her bend over and spread her ass cheeks.  Jody was incredulous as Wendy’s rear portal winked open and shut in a lewd display, confirming Jody’s opinion of her new friend as a total slut.

In addition to the bucket of beer, Rhett had also brought out his stash of pot and soon Jody had a crucial decision to make; to take a toke from the offered joint or decline.  She’d never smoked marijuana before and was not eager to try it.  Still, she felt that if she was to fit in with her new friends…

Jody’s new friends all howled in glee has she choked, hacked and coughed when she ventured to inhale the unaccustomed harsh smoke.  Fortunately the cold beer soothed her throat.  When the joint was passed back to her, she made a feeble effort to decline, but Blake offered that if he blew the smoke into her mouth, then it wouldn’t be so harsh.  Reluctant to say no, Jody inhaled deeply as she received her first shotgun hit.  Blake was right… it wasn’t so harsh, but… whoa! Next thing she knew, everything was weird and hilariously funny.   The third time the joint came round, she eagerly accepted another shotgun from Blake. 

The little party broke up when Rhett and Wendy disappeared inside, leaving Jody and Blake out on the patio.  Jody wasn’t even aware that Rhett and Wendy had disappeared when Blake suggested that they go swimming.  Nude and giggling, Jody was led to the pool by her equally stoned and naked date.  Barely able to stand, Jody allowed Blake to coax her onto her back where he played tugboat with her.  Soon they were docked on the steps in the shallows.  Rising from the water, Blake straddled Jody, offering his wet flaccid cock to her lips.  Forgetting where that cock had been just twenty minutes before, Jody eagerly accepted his offer. 

Jody marveled at how boys could be soft one minute and then hard the next, the transition occurring rapidly and mysteriously.  No sooner had that thought formed than it disappeared.  He was hard and that was all that mattered at the moment.  Even that moment was fleeting as he pulled his erection from her lips.  She didn’t know why he wanted her to move up the steps, she just did.  Immediately she found out why as he pushed her legs up and rested them on his shoulders and penetrated her. 

Nothing existed for Jody but her pussy and Blake’s cock moving inside her.  As her pleasure built to the breaking point, she heard someone say over and over somewhere off in the distance, “So good, so good. Fuck me, baby.  Fuck me,” unaware that it was her own voice that she was hearing.  When her orgasm broke over her, the effects of the smoke intensified the sensations, sweeping her completely away with unbounded lust and passion.  It was the most intense and the best feeling in the entire universe, a universe that had shrunken down to include only the copulating couple and nothing else.

The fucking stopped and the wonderful cock pulled out of her cunt, but only momentarily.  Then the head spread her swollen and engorged lips once again and sank back into where it belonged.  Her eyes fluttered open just as another climax began to ramp.  The blonde boy grinned down at her as he plowed in and out of her throbbing cunt.  ‘Didn’t he have brown hair?’ she asked herself as Blake’s older blonde brother pumped away at their new slut’s pussy.

For the rest of the afternoon and into the early evening, Jody was repeatedly fucked by the two brothers who found her newness far more interesting than their familiarity with their other whorish girl. 

It wasn’t until she was home that night and reasonably sober, that she was struck with the enormity of spending the day fornicating with two boys she had just met. What had she done?  What had she become?  Before today she didn’t know what a slut her new friend Wendy was, but was she any better?  Now she had only one thing on her mind… cocks and fucking.   It had been the most fun ever and she knew that if and when Blake or Rhett called, her answer would be ‘yes’.  She realized that she was now just as much of a slut as Wendy was and she was happy with that.

The next morning, Jody received a call from Wendy.  “Hey, girl,” Wendy began.  “You sure looked like you were enjoying yourself yesterday.”

“Oh, I was, I was!” the younger girl gushed.

“Hey, slut, next time, don’t hog the guys to yourself so much,” jested Wendy.

“I really don’t think I had much say in the matter.”

“Oh, yeah, I heard you protesting so, so much.”

“I didn’t mean to…”

“Don’t worry, honey.  I’m not mad.  I never imagined that you were still a virgin.  And when the guys found out you were untraveled territory, they just couldn’t help themselves.  Next time, you’ll be used goods, like me.”

“You make it sound so… dirty.”

“Fucking two guys right out of the box?  That’s not dirty, but it is slutty. Shit, I didn't do that until... never mind.  Listen, the reason I called…” 

“You want me to come over?”

“Yeah, I want you to lick my pussy.”

“Uh, I…”

“Just kidding!...  Not!” Wendy laughed.  “You owe me on that girly, but what I’m calling about is…”

“What?”

“Rhett just called.”

“And?”

“He wants to do you again.  Today.  Blake too.  You up for a repeat?”

Jody wasn’t at all prepared for an invitation like that.  She expected and wanted either Blake or Rhett to call her, not some second party.  That and at least some pretense of propriety.  “Well, I, uh…”

“Well, I’m going, so you can’t hang out here,” Wendy interjected.  “They’re on their way to pick me up.  Be ready in ten minutes.”

“Ten minutes!  I haven’t gotten dressed!”

“Dressed?  You won’t need to be dressed except to get in the car.  Look, just freshen up, put on some lipstick and eyeliner and just throw on a t-shirt and shorts.  You won’t need panties or a bra, so don’t bother.  See you in ten minutes, slut.”

“Wendy…” The line went dead. 

Jody was in a turmoil.  ‘Ten minutes?   Ten minutes!  They just expect to pick me up for sex?  And in ten minutes?   What do they think I am?’  Hanging up the telephone she uttered in frustration, “Ooooooooo,” then she scurried off to put on makeup and get ready. 

Once again, Jody rode in the backseat of the Jaguar with Blake, but unlike the first time she was taken to the boys’ house, Blake’s hands were all over her.  While Wendy gleefully watched from the front seat, Jody ineffectually tried to prevent Blake from stripping off her t-shirt. With that battle lost, she quickly lost  her bikini top, her cutoff jeans and the red string bikini bottoms.  By the time they had arrived, she was naked, totally naked.

Parked by the fountain at the front of the house, Jody nearly died of embarrassment when Blake hauled her naked from the backseat of the Jag. “Gawd, Blake, everyone can see me!” she protested holding what little clothes she had managed to grab and trying to cover up.  As she said that, a car passing the front gate honked, spurring her to quickly run up the steps squealing and into the house. 

With the large entry door closed behind her, she pummeled Blake for embarrassing her like that, and in doing so, what little clothes she had in her hands were quickly stripped out her hand.  That’s when she heard a man’s voice call out, “Who is the new pussy?”

“Oh, hi, Dad!” replied Blake.  Jody was mortified.  Rhett and Wendy burst out laughing. 

Suddenly an older man stood before her, his blue eyes unabashedly scanning her youthful naked flesh. Like his boys he was handsome and towered over Jody; and like his boys, he was powerfully built.

“Dad, this is Jody,” Blake said in introducing his new girl friend.  “Jody, this is my dad.”

“I am very pleased to meet you, Jody,” the older man said with a smile as his eyes roamed across her nakedness.  “Call me Parker.  But tell me, do you always overdress when you’re visiting?  Not that I mind. A pretty little thing like you is always welcome here. Dressed or not.”

Turning his attention back to his two sons, the dad said, “Sorry to have interfered with your party, boys.  I just came home to get some papers that I had forgotten this morning.  I must admit, seeing this pretty little thing in all her glory, I’m glad that I did.”

Addressing all four teenagers, Parker said, “Well, you kids have fun today.”  He looked Jody over again and then he was gone.

The shock of being caught nude wore off enough for Jody to blurt out, “Oh, my gawd!  Oh, my gawd!  That was your dad!”

“Yeah, well, so what?” Rhett answered her.  “Let’s all get naked and fuck!”

Still dismayed and mortified by what had just happened, Jody was led by the hand outside and onto the pool deck.  In a flash, both boys stripped for action.  Wendy sidled up next to Jody and said, “Isn’t their dad a hunk?  Wait until he gets between your legs, slut, you’ll know then what it means to be fucked, really fucked.”

“Oh, my gawd, Wendy, you didn’t!”

“Sure I did and so will you.  If I know Parker he won’t stay at work very long knowing that you’re here and available.”

“I am not available!” Jody emphatically declared.

“Who are you kidding?  Look at you, girl. You’re totally nude and you’re here to be fucked, so just enjoy it.  I always do.”

Powerful arms engulfed her from the rear, with roaming hands taking liberties.  “I think I need to go home,” Jody said as she tried to avoid the lips nibbling at her neck and ear. 

“Think again,” the assertive boy relied.  “We have all day.”

Suddenly her date, Blake, appeared before her with a lit joint.  “Take a hit,” he said as he placed the lit end of the joint between his lips and blew a stream of smoke into her face.  Her mouth opened and she deeply inhaled the cool smoke.  Almost immediately she felt the effect, of being somewhat disjointed, of being relaxed and carefree.

From behind her, Rhett lifted her leg.  She felt his organ probing between her legs.  Her lips parted and she felt her cunt being filled with his cock.  Suddenly nothing else mattered.  It felt so good to be filled with a cock, even if it was her boyfriend’s brother’s cock and not her boyfriend’s.

For Jody, the morning was a fog of sex and more sex, fueled by youthful lust, marijuana and beer, interspersed with swimming breaks to wash away the sweat and cum before the fornication began anew.  She was quite uncaring as to whose cock was where and she delighted in the perverse things she did with her new friends.  Wendy suggested that she try anal and the boys flipped a coin to see who took her in the ass first, with Blake the winner.  Wendy suggested that she eat pussy, and she did.  Rhett suggested that she lick his brother’s ass and she did.  Rhett and Wendy were also treated to rim jobs.  Nor did she resist when Parker came home for lunch and took her like his sons took her, bareback, adding his seed to the spermy cocktail drenching her pussy.

She didn’t care at all.  That is until after she was home and the alcohol and the drugs began to wear off.  Looking at her herself in the mirror at the crude words written all over her body in red lipstick, she knew that she had been used.  But by then it was too late.  What was done was done.  She was now a depraved slut to be used.

Soaking in a hot bath to ease the soreness, she scrubbed away the lipstick and reflected on what she had become in little more than a single day.  The more she thought about it, the more distraught she became. But, by the time the water began to get too cool, she had resolved to take a different course.  She could change.  She wouldn’t go back to Blake and Rhett’s house.  She wouldn’t hang with that slut Wendy either.  She would stay home and read books until school started, and maybe by then she would have forgotten her whorish behavior.  Then she would find new friends and start anew.  Everyone deserved a second chance, her mother had always said, and who deserved it more than she did?

Her mother, used to her daughter’s moodiness, let her sulk during dinner and when Jody turned in early for bed, she thought nothing of it.  The next day she laid low, explaining that she didn’t want to go to Wendy’s because she didn’t feel well. 

Wendy called her cell phone several times during the day, but she wouldn’t answer it, choosing instead to let her leave voicemail messages, messages that went unanswered.  

That night, Luke asked her if she wanted to make some money… a lot of money.  “My boss needs a babysitter in the worst way tonight and tomorrow night.  He has some important business associates coming into town.  He had a sitter, but she came down with something.  He’s willing to pay top dollar.”

“I don’t know,” Jody said trying to beg off.

“It’s Luke's boss, Jody," her mother interjected.  “You really need to help him out on this.”

Luke continued, “He said he’d make it worthwhile for you.  Heck, you could make a hundred bucks or so.”

A hundred dollars!  That got Jody’s attention.  Never before had she anywhere near that much money at any one time.  “A hundred dollars?”

“That’s what he said.  Can I call him before someone else, like Wendy, grabs the job?”

“YES!  I’ll do it!” the young teen girl exclaimed enthusiastically.

Luke made the call and informed Jody that she would be picked by a limo in thirty minutes. 

“What should I wear?”

“Wear whatever you normally wear for babysitting,” her mother replied. 

Donning a pair of short-shorts and tight fitting belly shirt, Jody rushed to put a little makeup on.  Before she knew it, the limo was outside to pick her up.  Jody kissed her mother goodbye and rushed out the door.  The chauffeur was waiting with the backdoor open for her.  She jumped in and the door shut behind her.  It was then that she noticed the man sitting facing her.

“Oh, my god,” she gasped recognizing Blake and Rhett’s father. “What are you doing here?”

“Obviously I’m here to pick you up,” Parker Grubbs replied.

“But, you don’t need a babysitter!”

“Of course not,” he chuckled.  “But I do need a girl like you for tonight. I have some important business partners in town and…”

“A girl like me?”

“Yes, a girl like you. A girl who enjoys showing off her body.  Remember, when I first met you?  You walked in the front door totally nude.  I like that spirit in a girl.  You know, come to think of it, this is the first time I’ve seen you with any clothes on at all.  And I need a girl who enjoys having sex with several partners.”

“What kind of girl do you think I am?” she pouted.

“I already know what kind of girl you are.  You’re young, pretty, have a great set of knockers and you’re a total slut.”

“If you think I’m going to have sex with a bunch of old men for one hundred dollars, you’re nuts!”

“Ah, so it’s just the price.  How does five hundred sound?”

“Wait a minute.  Luke said that you were his boss.”

“I am his boss and I suggest that you keep me happy or you, your mother and Luke will be back living in that shitty trailer.”

“Does Luke know that…”

“That I’m buying you for sex?  Of course he does.  And after tonight you can expect him to want a piece of your fine ass too. 

"Now, five hundred or you can go back inside and tell everyone to get packing.  It’s all up to you, honey.  I can’t force you to do anything.  But I might add that, the gentlemen you will entertaining tomorrow are all very powerful and wealthy men.  I’m sure that once they have sampled what you offer, they will happily pay you handsomely for your time the next time they are in town.”

“What about tonight?”

“Tonight, it will be just me and you, sweetie.  We have a lot in common, you know.  We both enjoy intimate genital to genital contact.  So what will it be?  You and me tonight, plus five hundred dollars and four cocks tomorrow, or a life of poverty?”

“I really don’t have a choice, do I?”

“Of course you have a choice.”

Parker paused then added, “I really like your outfit… pure teenager, but you really need to lose the bra, honey.”

In silence, Parker and Jody stared at each other in the back of the limo as it sped towards its destination.  Jody reached behind her back, under her top and unfastened her bra. 

“Excellent choice, my dear.  Now let me help you with that.”

With her top off and bra discarded, Parker praised the quality of her breasts.  “So large for a girl your size, large and firm, yet soft... absolutely perfect tits.”  He reached out and hefted a fleshy orb. 

“See, you’re excited already… Nipples don’t lie.”

A few minutes later, the limo pulled into the circular drive of the big house.  Parker lifted his head from her now wet tit.  “Ah, we’re here.  Come, let’s not waste any time.”

“I need to put my top back on.”

“Why?  You’re more fully dressed now than you were the other day.  Besides, you’ll just have to take it off again once we’re inside.”

“Then I’ll take it off again,” Jody replied as she pulled her belly shirt back over her head.  Straightening it in place, she looked up and saw the limo driver watching her in the rear view mirror. She knew she should have been angry, or even embarrassed, but instead, she felt a little thrill that a complete stranger had seen her bare breasts.

Once inside, the belly shirt lasted a little longer than Jody had suspected it would.  Instead, Parker led her to the living room, and had her remove her rhinestone studded flip flops. 

“Here, use the table,” he said motioning the heavy stone cocktail table set before the twin sofas.  Plopping down on a sofa, he picked up a remote.  The room lights dimmed, an overhead spotlight lit the low stone table and dance music began.

Jody hadn’t made a move to mount the table.  “Step up on the table and dance for me.”

“Is that all you want me to do?” she pouted.

“No, I want you to strip for me.  Make it sexy.  Do it right.  Tomorrow night is important to me.  You’ll be stripping on a table just like this and I want you to make them drool.”

She wasn’t sure what motivated her to mount the table, the promise of big money, her need to please this man, or the just the thrill of it.  She’d never done a striptease for anyone and here she was about to put on a show for man old enough to be her father… not that she had any idea who or how old her father was.

She began to dance. 

“Jiggle those big tits, baby!

“Move those hips more, like you’re fucking.”

Young Jody couldn’t believe the pointed things he was saying to her, but she did her best to comply.

“That’s it, baby.  Now lose the shirt.”

Soon she was down to just her thong panties and once they made the trip south down her legs, she was totally nude… and totally into it. Still she was shocked when Parker stuck a realistic looking dildo upright on the table and told her to pick it up with her cunt.

As the fifteen year old girl squatted above the dildo and then began taking it up inside her, Parker knew he had a winner in this one.  Not that Wendy or one of several other high school girls wouldn’t do the same thing with the proper incentives, it was just that Jody had this one-in-a-thousand dynamite body, yet she had this youthful innocent look about her. 

“Lie down, Jody,” he told her while holding the base of the dildo steady.  Jody sank to the cold table top while Parker kept the dildo in her cunt.  Automatically her legs spread and Parker began stroking her cuntal passage with the flesh colored toy. 

“Look me in the eye when I do this to you,” he instructed.  “Show me how much you’re enjoying this.”

Locking her eyes with his, she made swooning faces as she squirmed about on the table while being fucked with the faux prick. Parker couldn’t help but notice just how easily the dildo moved within her, nor could he help notice the little pool of girlie juice collecting on the stone table top. While maintaining control of the dildo, Parker stripped off his shirt, then his jeans and then his underwear. 

Gazing at the hot tube of erect man-meat, Jody wanted it, yet she didn’t want the pleasuring dildo to vacate her grotto.  So it was with a little disappointment that she felt the dildo leave her cunt, but her disappointment was short lived as Parker moved on top of her, he was going to fuck her and that was fine with her. 

The hot, drooling spongy head of his fat cut cock speared the voluptuous fifteen-year-old’s cunt. 

“Oh, baby, the guys are going to love you,” he told her as he began fucking her. 

His cock was thicker and longer than either of his sons and Jody noticed the difference.  Then she noticed something else, she wasn’t stoned like she had been the other day when Parker took her for the first time.  Then it was just another cock, but now it felt somehow special, to be taken so easily by an older man who really knew how to fuck a girl.

The soft “Phat! Phat! Phat!” of fornication filled the room as Jody’s hips rose to meet Parker’s thrusts into her teen cunt.  Jody closed her eyes and immersed herself in the sweet sensation of a hard demanding cock moving in the tight sheath of her vagina.  Next to an actual orgasm, it was the best feeling in the world.  She felt the cock pulse and knew his semen was jetting into her.  With a cry, she plunged over the edge and into the vortex of a strong orgasm. 

She wasn’t aware of much of anything for next few minutes, just the afterglow of a good cum.   But as she coasted down, she did realize that she had been dismounted. Then she was aware of voices.  At first she thought it might be Blake or Rhett talking to their father and she prepared herself to be re-entered.  The brunette teen’s green eyes fluttered open and she sat upright. At first she didn’t recognize the person talking quietly to Parker, perhaps it was one of his boys, but whoever it was, he was dressed.

“You’ve done real good with this one, Luke,” she heard Parker say.  “You want a piece of her?”

“Damned right I do, little brother.  She’s a fine piece of fuck meat.  I’ve been itching to get between her legs ever since the first time I saw her.”

Suddenly the man stepped before her unbuttoning his shirt.  Jody gasped as she recognized her mother’s boyfriend.  As soon as the shirt hit the floor, he was working on his belt.  Before she knew it, he was stepping out of his jeans and underwear.  Jody’s eyes went wide as she realized just how big his cock was… no wonder her mother liked him.  Looking the girl right in the eye, he reached down and mauled a succulent bare breast. 

“So how do like being a whore?” he asked.  “Are you going to be as good of a whore as your mama is?  Now if you’re wondering if your mama knows… yes, she knows.  Now just like your mama, your ass belongs to me.  You’ll fuck whoever I tell you to fuck, just like your mama.  I gave your pristine cunt to my brother and nephews first, and now I’m going to sample my goods. So, spread those legs honey.  That’s it, now spread open your pussy lips for me.  Damn girl, you’re leaking all over the coffee table.”   

Cold stone sober, Jody’s brain was in as much of a fog as when she was fucked stoned.  She knew she that should have been outraged, but the shock of what Luke was telling her completely befuddled her.  He moved on top of her, keeping his weight off with his arms and hands. 

“Put it in, Jody.  Put my cock in your sweet cunt, slut.”

Luke felt her cool hand surround his turgid member and then felt her position the tip in the hot moisture of her dripping cunt.  He pushed…  Yes, she was going to be a big hit tomorrow night.



THE END