At the Zoo Mffff

[guy takes group of girls on visit at zoo.]

I was on a special sports scholarship at a prestigious high school; my sport was netball. I was so excited that my class were going on an excursion at last. It had been two years since our last trip. We'd been banned from going out after that - due to misbehaving of the most naughty nature. It wasn't me, but some of my classmates had been very naughty with some of the boys, in the zoo cinema. Well, if they have a room in which you can shut and lock the door and turn off the lights? What do they expect? I know that at least two of my friends became pregnant that day! 

I missed out because I was having lunch with others at the time and no-one told me. I guess I might have been too scared to try, being a virgin then. I'm still a technically a virgin now, but I've done lots of things with guys and my girlfriends - things like daisy chains with the girls, and blow and hand jobs with guys - I've even had girls and guys lick me, so I've enjoyed more than a few orgasms myself. I'd bought a few sex toys as well, to try to keep my highly sexual appetite under control. Luckily, my closest friend Amy and I had the opportunity every day after school to go to my house and play. I don't think I could have lasted more than a day without the pleasure of her tongue on my clit. She had become an awesome lover.

Once she even brought round one of her boyfriends and she encouraged me to watch them making out through a partially open door. I played with my clit while I watched her suck his hard cock and then let him put it inside her pussy. She groaned and moaned loudly as he spurted all over her when he orgasmed, but she said later to me that she'd been faking. He wasn't that good and hadn't made her cum. After sending him home and taking a shower, we again spent almost an hour together enjoying several delicious orgasms. She was even hotter than usual that day!

Anyway, as the day for the excursion came closer, we were instructed carefully by our teachers (spoilsports!) about not getting into trouble again. This time, we were going alone, just the girls - which was supposed to decrease any chances of a naughty nature. It didn't really matter to me. I dressed in my shortest skirt and put on my sexiest thong. As each of us was being picked up from home, there was no way anyone was going to check we were wearing regulation underwear or the proper school skirts before it was too late. I did put on a skimpy white bra to cover my already swelling tits. In fact, I knew already that I had the most well-developed breasts of my friends. They were all quite jealous of my lovely tight globes. I loved playing with them in bed, and Amy was an expert at sucking my huge nipples and making me cum deliciously. So with a thin white blouse covering them and the nipples as hard as they could be, I got into the bus, walked towards the back and sat next to Amy.

"You look stunning!" she whispered, looking at me with her usual lusty smile.

I looked her up and down and realized she'd taken the opportunity to be as sexy as possible too, with her short skirt and her blouse open beyond the `permitted' second button. Like that, she was irresistible.

"You look awesome too!" I exclaimed, as we kissed eagerly.

The lead teacher coughed over the microphone to catch all our attention. We sat up demurely, although Amy grabbed my hand and held it tightly.

"Now, girls, as you know this is a special trip. We have arranged for you to be divided into several small groups. You will all be accompanied by a volunteer guide."

"I hope I get the sexiest one!" cried Maisy from the seat in front.

We all laughed.

"Trust our luck," whispered Amy, "we'll get the old and grumpy lady!"

I giggled. The teacher continued.

"Now - we stop for lunch at 12 and then continue until about 3. I hope you all have your lunch packages?"

"Yes, Mrs. Johnson," we all chorused.

"And your worksheets?"

"Yes, Mrs. Johnson."

"They must all be completed and handed in to me when you board the bus for the return trip. OK?"

"Yes, Mrs. Johnson."

There was stifled laughter as the old dragon sat down. Actually, she wasn't a bad teacher at all, but I think we all resented the fact that we'd not been on as many excursions as the other classes. We knew they all also got up to naughty things, but they'd been lucky enough not to be caught. It was only Amy's other best friend Cindy moaning and cumming like a train that had alerted zoo security to what was going on with our group. Apparently, when they finally managed to open the cinema door, three of the guys were still humping their girls and two other girls were almost naked and fingering each other wildly. I heard that the security guy's eyes nearly popped out and his cock rose rapidly in his trousers. I'm not sure of this, but I also heard that Cindy had asked the security man to turn around so the guy inside her pussy could cum before she wanted to stop. She did promise him a quick blowjob, but he declined.

Amy's hand slipped between my legs and I let them fall apart so she could slide up towards my pussy. I was already wet, as I'd been imagining her doing this from the moment I woke up this morning. As her fingers touched my wet panties, I orgasmed almost immediately, biting my lip to prevent my outburst of passion from her sensitive fingers. She grinned wickedly at me.

"One down....how many to go?" she giggled softly.

I just smiled, knowing that we'd try to find every opportunity to enjoy each other during the day's outing.

The bus trip took about half-an-hour, during which time I came again twice and made Amy orgasm a couple of times too. The trouble with Amy, if you can call it trouble, is that she squeals when she cums. It doesn't matter how many people are around, she just has to squeal - she can't help it, she says, the intensity of her orgasms are just too strong. Usually, when we're making out, it doesn't matter, because at my home, there's an empty house and the house is in a huge garden, so there's no fear of anyone hearing her. Then she will let rip and scream out her pleasure when she orgasms. I love it and encourage her. But on the bus...

She tried to disguise her squeals with giggles, pretending she was laughing at my jokes. But more than a few of our friends knew what was going on and were grinning broadly. We had no shame in being lesbian lovers (with Amy being strongly bi-sexual) and everyone knowing about us. We were proud of our close relationship and loved it when others of our friends, girls or boys, wanted to join in.

The bus pulled up at the zoo entrance and we all trooped out. After checking through the gate, we were assembled into groups of five. I was more than pleased when Amy was sent to my group, due to a miscalculation by Mrs. Johnson. She grinned as she ran up to me and clasped my hand firmly. We smiled at the group of five guides who'd been allocated to our school. Three of them were older women, not dragons as I'd expected, but nice smiling ladies. They were assigned to three other groups. Then there were two guys - one older, about 55 I guessed, the other younger, probably 35 and quite attractive. 

"I want him!" giggled Amy, pointing at the younger guy.

"Yea, he looks hot," I agreed, gripping her hand tightly.

But, as always seems to be my luck, we were assigned to the older guy. It wasn't that he was ugly or rough or anything at all bad, he was just old to me as a 17-year-old schoolgirl. But he seemed to have a very nice manner and we were soon on the zoo trail, following his every word. In fact, he seemed amazingly knowledgeable and it was clear that he enjoyed telling us all the things about the zoo. He had a great sense of humour and we were soon in  fits of giggles at every stop. 

Before we even knew it, it was 12 and time for lunch. The guide, whose name was Tom, tried to excuse himself, but Amy and I persuaded him to remain with the group. He did quite easily accept our proposal and we all sat round a table together. We were soon telling him all about our families and learning about him and his family. He was happily married with two daughters, about our own age. His eyes twinkled when he spoke about them. They were top athletes, one a runner and the other a swimmer, so we understood why he'd been assigned to help our very sports-oriented school.

He had already recognized Amy from the local athletics club and, during the lunch, he complimented her on how good she looked in her running clothes. I always went to watch her running when my team were not playing netball at the same time. I had to agree with him that she looked delicious in her tight athletics gear. His comment made her glow and she grabbed my hand tightly.

"Ooooo, thanks, Tom," she giggled, embarrassed, but at the same time thrilled by what he said.

"And, Joanna," he said, addressing me, "I've seen you there watching too. Are Amy and you good friends?"

There was a murmur of amusement from the other girls in the group. Tom looked down to see our hands clasped tightly together.

"Oh, I see..." he muttered. "You are!"

We all laughed.

"Yes, we are more than just good friends," I admitted, quietly.

"It's OK," Tom whispered quickly. "I do understand. Both of my girls have lesbian lovers. And I enjoy watching them."

There was a stunned silence at the table.

"They let you watch?" burst out Amy, amazed.

"Sure they do," he admitted, shifting uncomfortably in his chair, and motioning Amy to be quieter.

I wondered whether he was getting aroused by the turn in the conversation.

"They actually enjoy putting on a show for me with their friends, either just two of them or all four girls," Tom continued.

"Wow!" I muttered. "That's awesome!"

"Your parents don't know about you and Amy?" Tom asked gently.

"Nope. We keep it quiet from them and only make out when they're not around," I explained.

"OK, interesting," Tom mused. "What about you other girls?"

I already knew that Tania and Mel were lovers together, but Gillian I didn't know about.

Mel spoke first, not at all ashamed to admit that she and Tania were together.
Gillian remained quiet.

"And you...it's Gillian, isn't it," prodded Tom.

"Errrr, yes!" she murmured, her eyes downcast.

"Gillian is a good girl," explained Mel with a smile. "A virgin and happy about it, despite what we try to invite her to do with us."

Mel grinned at Gillian, who quite openly stuck her tongue out and then smiled.

"I'm just....well, you know...," she started.

"Go on, Gill, explain to Tom. He's a nice guy," urged Tania.

"OK...my Dad, he's a big guy...he tried to ...do things with me one day..."

Silence, then a murmur of understanding.

"He frightened me and that's put me off, even with these two lovely girls wanting me to join them," she ended up giggling and leaning against Mel, who put a consoling arm round her.

"You've been missing out then?" suggested Tom, gently.

"I think so, but..." admitted Gillian.

The whistle went at that moment for the end of lunch. Time for Tom to resume his guiding duties. I made sure I was right beside him as we started walking.

"You look delicious, Joanna, has anyone told you that before?" he managed to whisper in my ear as we were walking to the next exhibit.

I found myself shaking with excitement. It was the first time that a mature person had said anything like that to me. I smiled softly at him.

"Thanks, Tom. You are very nice."

"When I say delicious, I mean sexy and very desirable, you know," he continued whispering in his deep voice.

"Oh, Tom. Stop it!" I giggled.

Amy came up beside us.

"Is this man bothering you, darling?" she inquired quietly, smiling at us both.

"Only in the nicest possible way," I agreed with another giggle.

Did I feel my juices flowing a little more than usual? I clasped my legs together. Oh my, I was soaking wet now. Amy I think guessed my predicament and grabbed my hand tightly.

"Not getting aroused, are you, Joanna?" she whispered, loud enough for Tom to hear.

"I think I am," I admitted, grinning wickedly.

Tom quite clearly said, "And so am I!"

Amy and I stopped and the three other girls bumped into us.

"Whoah!" cried Tania. "What's happening here?"

I think she'd already noticed that Tom had his eyes on me and, knowing her deliciously inquisitive nature, she'd been watching us quietly.

"Is there any where you want to take these two lovely girls, Tom, while Mel and me amuse our friend, Gillian?" suggested Tania, so openly that it took my breath away.

"Ummmmmmmmm," mused Tom. "I had been thinking..."

"Let's do it!" cried Amy. "Where can we go?"

She always was the more forward of our relationship, always searching for new things to do. Now she was urgently pulling both Tom and me with her, as the older man allowed himself to be led away. I could feel that he was actually directing Amy and me off the zoo trail somewhere, in fact towards a hut behind a barrier.

"Enjoy yourselves," called Tania after us, as Tom unlocked the hut door and pushed us quickly inside.

He shut the door firmly and locked it.

"Are you sure you want this?" he asked us both with a wickedly seductive smile.

Amy had already started to unfasten the buttons of her blouse. She was always the most forward of us and her need was quite clear to me. I think Tom got the message too, but he still looked in a state of shock at this rapid development.

"I'm so horny I will cum really quickly," she giggled.

When Tom saw her beautiful tight breasts come out from her blouse, he gasped with pleasure, his hands falling on them and lifting from the half-cup bra.

"Awesome!" he exclaimed. "Just so delicious!"

He bent down to suck Amy's nipples, hard already, into his mouth, one at a time. My lover was in ecstasy and pushed herself up against him.

"Suck them, Tom," she pleaded. "Oooooo! Aaaaaaaa!"

Her squeal was just as penetrating as usual as she orgasmed hard and quickly.

"I told you I was horny!" she giggled as she recovered her senses. "Thank you, Tom!"

She leaned upwards and kissed the lovely older man deeply. I could see his eyes widen with pleasure as she opened her mouth and sucked his tongue inside. My pussy was going quietly wild with lust now, but I just leaned against the wall, watching my lover being played with and enjoyed by this obviously very talented man.

"Do you want my pussy now?" she grinned, with more than a little suggestive wriggle.

Before Tom had time to answer, Amy had unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Her beautiful legs looked exquisite with the topping of a tiny pair of blue panties. I gasped with pleasure at the sight and she smiled wickedly at me. She took hold of the edges of her panties and went to pull them down, but Tom stopped her.

"Sit on the table," he ordered, softly.

The wanton girl in Amy was just aching for him by now and she did just as he asked, spreading her legs wide as she lie back on the small table.

"Have you done it before in here, Tom?" she asked with a wicked giggle.

"No comment!" he cried, as he knelt between her legs, looking at her closely. 

He soon uncovered the treasure under her panties and pulled the scrap of material from her long legs. Returning her legs wide apart, Amy pleaded with him to touch her.

"I need it, Tom!" she urged.

By now, I had lifted my skirt quietly and pushed my hand inside my also soaking panties. I was so horny from the morning and the sight of Amy and Tom together that I could easily have orgasmed right then.

Tom took his time, kissing slowly along the inside of one of her thighs and then down the other, until Amy was practically screaming at him to do more.
He grinned up at me, noticing my urgent hand movements inside my panties.

"Please wait for me...if you can," he suggested.

I nodded eagerly and smiled, but I could not stop a wave of pure lust crashing through my body and sending me over the edge. I groaned deeply as my orgasm burst and my juices squirted out all over the floor.

Amy giggled and looked at me with such love in her eyes.

"My lover is enjoying herself too. Now, Tom!!" she cried.

Tom's tongue reached her pussy and he obviously enjoyed the taste with a loud groan. Then it was Amy's turn to groan as he expertly and slowly began to devour her pussy and clit with exquisite slurping sounds.

Amy went crazy from the first moment his tongue touched her, holding his head tightly as if he was trying to move away. She orgasmed quickly with a loud squeal and then settled down as Tom eased his administrations and let her calm down. When he felt she'd relaxed enough, he attacked her again, everso gently but insistently until, with the loudest squeal I've ever heard from her, she orgasmed again.

Tom sat back on his heels with satisfaction on his face.

"Was that good, Amy?" I asked her gently.

"Good? It was absolutely awesome. He has such a talented tongue. You've got to try him."

"Maybe later," I replied, smiling naughtily, "But your need is greater than mine!"

"Oh, yesssss," she hissed as Tom stood and slowly unzipped his trousers, letting them drop to the floor. There was a monster bulge in his briefs, bigger than I'd ever imagined.

Tom slowly and erotically pulled the waistband of his briefs up and outward, then downwards, revealing a hugely fat and long cock, so purple and pink. I wanted to fall on it immediately.

Amy giggled helplessly.

"That's just not going to fit!" she cried, at the same time holding her legs wide open and inviting Tom to try.

"I'll be gentle," the older man promised, grinning at me as he leaned forward, directing the giant mushroom head of his hard cock towards my lover's waiting pussy. 

I could see just how horny Amy was, as her pussy juices were just running out and dripping to the floor.

I could hardly breathe as I watched his cock touch her open pussy lips and then he pushed against her. Her whole body tensed but then, as the huge head of his cock began to slide easily between her pussy lips, Amy visibly and completely relaxed.

"He's so gentle, lover," she called to me, inviting me close to hold her hand.
I moved alongside her, still watching as his long fat cock shaft began to slide deeper and deeper inside her. 

He paused every so often and withdrew his cock a fraction, making sure it was well lubricated. But slowly and quite easily, he slid his entire length, which must have been almost 30 cm, right up inside Amy. Like her, I didn't believe it would fit at first sight and now that he was fully inside her, we all breathed a sigh of relief and pleasure.

"It does fit," cried Tom. "I'm right inside you now."

"I can feel you touching my cervix," gurgled Amy. "It's so good to feel so full."

She clasped my hand tightly.

"I want you to enjoy him now," I smiled at her.

"I can't fail to do that. He feels just awesome!" replied my lover.

Tom grinned at me and then at Amy.

"I'm going to move now. Are you ready?" he asked softly.

"Move as much as you like," gurgled Amy. "I'm in heaven now. And I want to go wherever you take me!"

Tom braced himself by holding onto Amy's legs, pushing them over his shoulders. He began to withdraw his long cock, pausing with the huge head still between her pussy lips. Then he slowly pushed it back inside her again, slowly and carefully. When his body was firmly pressed up against her butt he pressed harder, quite strongly. Amy's eyes, which had been closed as she enjoyed the delicious penetration, shot open with surprise and then she groaned.

"I think he's just opened my cervix and his cock's gone inside," she explained with a deep moan. "I've never felt anything like it!"

The gorgeous girl closed her eyes once more as Tom now began to slowly thrust his huge cock in and out of her willing pussy. I watched, totally entranced by the scene before me, in my own world of ecstasy and with my fingers gently stroking my now very engorged and sensitive clit. I knew I could cum again at any moment, but I also didn't want to miss a second of watching this wonderful man taking my girlfriend to new and unexplored heights of passion.

Amy orgasmed again, this time on his cock. She squealed wildly and writhed around. All the while, Tom kept on thrusting deep inside her, pulling her legs against him and pushing extra hard each time he touched against her butt. Now Amy did not stop crying, groaning or moaning. She wanted him to stop, then implored him to continue, said "Go slow" then again "Do it harder!" All the time, I could see her juices were squirting out between his cock and her pussy.

She'd let go of my hand now and was pulling her legs even wider apart, asking him to drill her even deeper, until she was quite out of breath and unable to squeal any more. But she still kept cumming, over and over again, her body wriggling and jerking ecstatically with each new thrust.

"Now I'm going to cum!" announced Tom, stopping his thrusts and pulling himself hard and firmly against her spread legs.

"Oh no!" screamed Amy. "He's filling me, Joanna! Incredible! I can feel his long shaft pulsing and throbbing inside me and the head has swollen so much inside my cervix I don't think it will ever get out!"

I giggled and kissed her deeply, feeling her thrill of excitement flowing through me as well. I cam enormously then, soaking my panties as my juices squirted all down my legs. I groaned, delighted at such an immense release of pent-up lust.

Tom finally stopped pumping his hot cum inside my lover's pussy and began to withdraw his still very long cock. A gush of cum spurted from Amy's open pussy hole and poured onto the floor. She sat up and even more poured out, lying in a large pool between her legs.

"That was amazing, Tom!" she cried, dragging him towards her and hugging him hard. "I feel empty now!"

Tom smiled.

"That's how they all feel. Sorry, I can't leave it there!"

"Why not?" she asked, jokingly.

He looked at his watch briefly.

"Because in 10 minutes, my duty ends and you must be back on the bus."

"Oh, damn," cried Amy getting off the table and hurriedly throwing her clothes back on.

"You can't stay to make Joanna happy?"

"No, sorry - not time," he said, obviously very disappointed, as I was.

But with Tom and Amy dressed again and my clothes back in some sort of order, we were urgently ushered out of the hut and along the path towards the bus.

"There you are!" cried Mrs. Johnson. "We were beginning to think you two were up to mischief!"

There was a chorus of giggles.

"Sorry, ma-am," apologized Tom. "They became very interested in the snake I showed them and wanted to learn all about it."

"Well, thank you, Tom," said Mrs. Johnson, amid a chortle of stifled giggles from the girls. "I'm sure the girls will have lots to write up when they get to school tomorrow."

Tom slipped a piece of paper into my hand as we said our goodbyes. I know Amy wanted to kiss him as she waved then got on the bus.

She sat close to me, her body trembling with her lust.

"I'm still cumming inside," she giggled, shaking more violently every so often. "I want this to last forever."

I peeped at the piece of paper I'd been given. On it, Tom had written `Sorry I didn't get to enjoy you too, sweet Joanna. Tell Amy she was awesome! If you want to enjoy me yourself sometime, please call....." He gave his mobile phone number.

I showed Amy and she chuckled.

"He's hooked," she smiled. "Let's call him tomorrow!"

"OK," I agreed settling back to enjoy the warmth of my lover beside me, still trembling with excitement. Her fingers slipped between my legs and we curled up close, to doze until back at school.

Back at my house after school, Amy actually wanted to call Tom immediately, but I warned her not too.

"Don't sound too eager! He might think we want him!"

"Oh, but I do!" gurgled my lover, "Desperately!"

We made love together slowly and sensuously, until just before my parents came home. Amy was quieter by then and agreed to call him with me tomorrow.

I slept that night with erotic dreams of enjoying a hard cock finally inside my aching pussy. I lost count of the times I woke up and enjoyed orgasms that night, but the sheets were soaking in the morning.

At school the next day, all the girls crowded round when Amy arrived and she had to describe every detail, with me adding the bits she'd left out. This got us all so horny that we almost missed assembly. I even fingered my pussy while we were sitting listening to the headmaster's weekly report. I don't know whether anyone except Amy realized that I'd orgasmed, and soaked my school panties!

We were so incredibly horny by the time that we got to my home after school that Amy almost wrenched the phone from my hand as I shook with excitement while dialing Tom's number.

"Is that you, Tom?" I asked. I could feel my voice was very uneven.

I'd switched on the speaker phone so Amy could here.

"Yes. Tom here," came his deep, silky voice. "Who is this?"

"It's Joanna..." I stopped, almost cutting the connection. I was shaking like a leaf.

"Joanna," he sounded genuinely pleased. "How are you, sweet girl?"

"Can you talk?" I asked, rather scared.

"I'm at home, with my two daughters, but go ahead. Did you want something?" 

His voice was making me almost faint with excitement.

"I...that is...we..." I tried hard to control myself, "wanted to ask if you'd come round some time soon?"

Amy looked at me in surprise as we heard a pair of giggles in the background.

"His daughters are listening!" she exclaimed. "Let's try again another time."

"No...I want to..." I stuttered.

"Yes, Joanna, what did you say," his smooth voice continued to entrance me.

"I'd like to...you know...what you did with Amy...," I finally got it out.

"Of course, I'd love to help you. Would you be able to come over here tomorrow afternoon? It's Saturday. Tell your parents you're going to the zoo again to catch up on some details you missed, perhaps."

His daughters continued to giggle in the room.

"Don't mind about Tessa and Tina. They've already been told what happened. And they've spent the night with me last night as their Mum is away on business. It was fun as always!"

We believed him, although finding it difficult to get round the fact that they were his daughters.

"You can stay for dinner, if you like. Tessa and Tina go to King's High, so you can say you met them and they invited you round. What do you think?"

"Um..OK...well, I think so...I'll just ask Amy," I said.

"Just put her on the phone. I'll talk with her," Mr. Smoothy continued.

I gave my phone to Amy and she almost orgasmed as he spoke to her.

"Oh, Jo, I can't," she gurgled, collapsing on the floor.

"Is she alright, Joanna?" asked Tom, obviously concerned.

"Yes, she's fine. It's just your voice drove her wild!" I explained. "I think she's more than happy to see you again. It's your big...well, you know!"

I stopped, hearing the giggles getting louder from his room.

"Fine, Joanna. We'll see you around 3 tomorrow afternoon. OK?"

He rang off before I could say yes or no. But I knew we'd go there. I couldn't keep Amy away and my body was urging me to go as well.

Amy staggered up, looking so amazingly lusty that I hugged her tightly. We spent two hours after that satisfying our horny bodies in every way possible, sleeping in each others arms when my parents came home. They left us sleeping together while they made dinner, then woke us to eat, before my Dad drove Amy to her home.

I explained about the zoo trip for tomorrow and my parents were happy that I was so interested in the animals that I wanted to go back. They agreed to pick Amy up and drop us both outside the zoo, telling me to get a taxi back. I happily agreed and texted Tom later that night to tell him. He texted back naughtily that he looked forward to enjoying me.

I orgasmed often again that night.

It was difficult to get through the morning on Saturday. Amy kept calling me to say her parents had agreed to her staying over with me, if that was possible. I immediately told my parents that I was going to stay over at Amy's house, just in case we decided on impulse to stay at Tom's place.

Amy finally texted me to say `hurry up', but we'd agreed 2:30 and I had to dress properly. I wore my nicest little skirt that I knew I could fold up the waistband to look even shorter once my parents had gone. I put on my really tiniest thong panties, feeling disgustingly sexy, and my special half-cup bra that Amy had bought for me as soon as she saw my breasts start to grow bigger than hers. With a little sleeveless top over that, I looked innocent and, I thought, very attractive. I did my hair specially in an off-the-side pigtail, thinking that Tom might enjoy me looking like a little girl.

My parents drove quietly to Amy's house, telling me to be careful all the time. I just murmured in agreement, but it was the first time Amy and I had been anywhere but the mall together. Amy was sitting in her garden, looking so desirable, when we got there. I was shaken by how absolutely radiant she looked. My Dad couldn't help it.

He said," Gosh, Amy, you look delicious today!"

Mum scowled at him but agreed that Amy did look good.

"Now be careful, girls. And call us if you need anything," called my Dad as they drove off.

Two girls, slightly older than us, moved out from inside the zoo entrance.

"We're Tessa and Tina, Tom's daughters. He sent us to bring you over. OK?" said the one who was called Tina.

"Sure," said Amy, immediately relaxing.

The two girls were very attractive, almost like models, with long slim bodies dressed in little tops and tight very short shorts. One, Tessa, had muscly shoulders and I took it that she was the swimmer. We chatted to them about sports and their time at King's High. It was a strong rival to our school and I now remembered seeing Tina once at a school athletics meet when I still ran.

Soon we reached a large house that I can only describe as a mansion. It was two storeys of glass and a shiny white roof set in a huge garden. After parking the car, the two girls took us round the side of the house where there was a huge swimming pool.

"Dad had this especially built for me to train," explained Tessa. "He's quite rich!"

"He likes to spoil us, you mean, pointing out a 400 m track laid out in a field behind the garden.

"Come on, girls, let's swim," grinned Tessa, pulling off her clothes, all of them, without a murmur.

Her staggeringly beautiful body almost knocked me out. I gasped loudly and her sister, chuckled.

"Gorgeous, isn't she," Tina smiled.

"Sure is!" agreed Amy and we watched in awe as the tall beauty swam expertly up and won the pool, her sexy body almost shimmering in the sunlight.

"Well, come on," urged Tina, "Costumes not needed!"

She soon stripped out of her clothes and dived into the water. She was not that much less of a swimmer than her sister and I could see it might have been difficult for her to choose which sport on which to concentrate. And her body was equally as beautiful, slightly slimmer in the shoulders, with strong muscly legs. She looked fabulous. Being as pretty as they both were, it was not difficult to imagine them being chased everywhere by photographers and fashion houses.

Looking at each other and grinning broadly, Amy and I soon followed them by stripping out of our clothes and diving in their pool. We swam up and down, pausing every so often to chat at one end or the other. I found myself really drawn towards Tina and it was obvious that Tessa and Amy hit it off quite quickly too. After about half-an-hour, Tina and I stood in the shallow end of the pool chatting.

"You know that I find you very attractive," the older Tina said to me openly.

"I'm flattered," I grinned, moving close to her.

Amy whistled at us as she swam past. Then Tina pulled me against her, and kissed me. I was quite shocked, but responded immediately, pushing my tongue between her lips. I held her tight, feeling her mature breasts pushing against my tight nipples. I thought I'd come to have sex with a man, but now this girl was coming on to me. It was difficult not to respond to her hungry kiss and soon her hands were exploring all over my body. She cupped my butt cheeks in her hands and pulled my body hard against hers.

"You are so sexy!" she cried, breaking away from our kiss for a moment.

I smiled at her and fastened our lips back together again. This was too good to stop, I wanted her fingers on my pussy and she soon found it. She stroked and gently played with my clit until she made me orgasm deliciously. My cry of pleasure brought Tessa and Amy alongside.

"She's so sexy," said Tina to her sister.

"I see," giggled Tessa, pulling Amy towards her and kissing her passionately. 

This wasn't going the way we expected, but the pleasure was just as good. We soon found ourselves out of the pool and on a wonderfully warm carpet which at the same time as drying our wet bodies also stimulated my nipples and thighs until I was almost squealing with ecstasy. Tina saw my pleasure.

"Tom put this down specially - he loves watching us on it," explained Tessa as she also writhed in her own pleasure alongside Amy.

"By the way," I asked as I broke from Tina's exciting kiss, "where is Tom?"

"Oh, he's watching, or videoing us, or even playing with that big cock," giggled Tessa.

"You have sex with your Dad?" asked Amy excitedly.

"We do, but he's not our Dad. He's not even married to our Mum. They just hang out together and do it sometimes, coz Mum likes his big cock too," chuckled Tina.

"It's just that we use it so often, he doesn't have much left for her," giggled Tessa.

"You are naughty. Are there no boyfriends?" I asked.

"Nah!" they cried together.

"Nothing can match what he can do to us," laughed Tina.

"He's awesome!" agreed Tessa.

"I know," admitted Amy.

"It was you he had at the zoo?" gasped Tessa. "I thought it had to have been Joanna."

"Yep, it was me. He couldn't resist me...and besides, Jo's a virgin still!" explained Amy with a grin.

"Wow! A virgin. I bet Tom's not had one of those for a few years," said Tina.

"No, he didn't have our virginity. We were already busted by our real father before he left," Tessa told us.

"I don't have an intact hymen," I explained, "It's just that I've never had a man's...you know."

"Just say it, dear. Cock, cock, COCK!" shouted Amy.

"OK, I mean I've never had a man's cock in my pussy - yet. And Tom's seemed to be big...maybe too big."

"Nah!" said Tessa. "Not too big. It stretches you at first, but once inside it feels heavenly."

"Agreed," nodded Tina and Amy together.

"Do you think he wants me?" I asked the two stepdaughters.

"No doubt about that!" Tessa assured me. "We spent the night with him, teasing him about you coming round. We sucked and stroked his cock until he was begging for us."

"But we didn't let him cum...not at all!" added Tina. "So if he's not ready for you by now then he's not the Tom we know and love - deeply!"

"Shall we go and see him now?" suggested Amy, her eyes alight as only her lust can show.

"I'm sure he's been watching us playing. He could be on the edge of a huge orgasm right now," giggled Tessa. "When he cums, it's like a flood!"

"Oooo yessss," agreed Amy. "It felt so good to have my pussy filled up completely with his cum at the zoo."

"That's one thing - when he cums, you really feel it!" giggled Tina.

"I want him so much," I admitted, feeling my pussy juices dribbling down my legs already.

"We can see that," laughed Tessa. "OK, let's get dressed then go and see him."

We laughed and giggled as we got dressed the walked into the house. There was no sign of Tom.

"He's probably upstairs," said Tina, "stroking his cock!"

"I'd love to watch him cum, just outside so I could see the flood," giggled Amy.

"That's easy to arrange. Let's go find him," Tina said, with a big grin.

We moved slowly up the wide staircase together and at the top, Tessa put up her hand for us to stop and be quiet. We all heard the unmistakable moan of a man.

"See. I told you," whispered Tessa. "He's doing it to himself!"

We crept quietly along a corridor, the sounds of Tom's moans getting louder. The door to a room was open and we all peered inside. I could not help my gasp of lust when I saw Tom. He was lying naked on his back on a huge bed. In his hands he held his enormous cock, sticking straight up and looking just like a spear. He was stroking up and down the long shaft and moaning.

"Oh, Jo," he said, completely unaware that I was there, "Let me cum inside you."

I giggled knowing that he wanted me as much as I wanted him. He continued his stroking, slowly increasing the tempo.

"Look at the size of the thing," I whispered to Amy.

"Heavenly, isn't it," she smiled.

"He's going to cum," announced Tessa, "Watch!"

She obviously knew Tom's sexual behaviour very well, because the man now grunted loudly and with almost a scream of pleasure held his cock tightly. There was a pulsing wave along his shaft and an enormous jet of cum shot out the tip, straight up in the air.

"Take it, enjoy it, Jo," he cried as another even bigger jet of cum spurted out of his monster cock.

I could not help myself.

"Tom," I cried, "That's gorgeous!"

All four of us girls rushed into the room and knelt beside the bed where his huge cock was still spurting, not as high, but there were three more jets before it slowed to a dribble. He looked at us, one by one, with a big grin on his face. His whole lower body was covered in his own cum.

"I needed to cum so badly," he explained, a bit sheepishly. "The girls teased me too long last night and watching you together in the pool was just too much."

"Time for a clean up, Tom," said Tessa, putting her mouth down around his still hard cock and licking all round it. 

Tina joined in and soon the two delicious step-daughters were licking and sucking up every drop of cum on his body.

"He tastes so good," giggled Tina, turning towards Amy with a mouthful of cum. "Like to try some?"

Amy was only too willing and the two girls kissed and played with his cum between their tongues.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, so good!" giggled Amy. "Now Tessa?"

"Oh yes," said the older girl, obviously about to swallow her mouthful of cum. 
"You want to try, Joanna?"

She did not give me a moment to say no, immediately clasping her soft lips on mine and pushing some of his cum into my mouth with her tongue.

"Nice, eh?" chuckled Tina as I smiled broadly. Tessa sat back with a pleased smile on her face. Did she also enjoy kissing me?

"Good stuff!" I cried. "The young boys I've blowed don't taste half as good!"

"We know," agreed the two step-daughters. "Now you know why we don't have other boys around here."

All this time, Tom was just lying on the bed, his cock still hard and enjoying our attentions. Tessa and Tina now began to stroke his cock lovingly, then then alternately bent over his long shaft and licked it deliciously. Tom groaned with pleasure, especially when Tessa pulled his cock upright and pushed it straight into her mouth. Amy gasped with excitement.

"He's so big! How do you get it all in your mouth?" she giggled.

"You want to try?" suggested Tessa, pointing his cock towards Amy.

"Yesssss please!" my lover gurgled, opening her mouth all ready for it.

I watched fascinated as she lowered her head and the massive tip of Tom's cock slipped between her gorgeous lips. She moved lower until almost all of his cock disappeared inside her mouth.

"Oh wow!" cried Tina, "she can get him all inside! Neither of us can do that!"

"Amy seems to have hidden talents," I agreed with a laugh. "I've not seen her take a cock of that size in her mouth before."

"There aren't many cocks this big!" chuckled Tessa. "We know - we've checked enough out, haven't we, Sis?"

Tina nodded her agreement, closely watching Amy as she began to slide her mouth up and down Tom's rock-hard shaft, almost gagging as she pushed it right down her throat.

The man was almost beside himself with lust, not only because of what Amy was doing to him, but because he had four gorgeous girls to play with. Not that he was playing with any of us at that moment. He was too much enjoying the attention he was getting from Amy's lovely mouth.

All of us girls were still dressed, but I bet none of us had dry panties. I could feel that mine were literally soaking and my cum juices were already dribbling down my legs. I decided to get more into it so that I could maybe enjoy some of Tom's hard cock before he orgasmed again. I wanted his next load of cum to spurt inside me!

(This will be continued if anyone is interested)

[Anyone with any comments, or ladies/girls who would like to chat with me, please contact me on rockyhard4uc@gmail.com - I would love to hear what you think about my stories. Thank you.]
