Part 7
Tom managed to get through the rest of the day, somehow. Louise
sent him out to get sandwiches for her and the girls at lunchtime.
Mrs. Peterson returned to the office around 1:30 and noted that
things seemed fairly normal. She looked questioningly at Louise as
she walked to her office and received a positive nod from her that
everything was OK. Maybe she had made the right decision giving
Tommy one more chance to keep his job. As long as Louise was around
to keep watch over things nothing could get too out of hand...
At the end of the day Tom got up from his desk to go home.
Louise called out "Goodnight Tom, see you on Monday?" The question
was more of a taunt, and she smiled at him as she waved goodbye
with her fingers. 
"Goodnight Louise" Tom managed without looking her in the eye.
"Goodnight Tom!" Carol and Marie echoed, but Tom was already out
the door and heading down the stairs.
He got into his car and drove home. This was the worst day he'd
ever had. He was still in shock over what Louise did to him in Mrs.
Peterson's office. Was she planning more of it next week? She knew
she had him and there wasn't anything he could do about it. He
thought about seeing Carol and Marie looking at him through the
window while he was doing all those things and he shuddered. Louise
was wrong about one thing. He didn't like being exposed in front of
the girls that way. It was horrible! Carol and Marie would never be
able to look at him again without remembering him on Mrs.
Peterson's desk, or kneeling in the corner with his red ass on
display. 
How could all this have happened to him so quickly? He had only
met Beverly on Tuesday night... three days ago! Last weekend he
spent mowing the lawn and washing his car. He was outside and
everything was normal. After three days of Beverly his life would
never be the same! It was like he'd become an entirely different
person. 
When he got home he saw those same four young girls hanging
around in the street in front of his house. They ran after the car
as he pulled into his driveway. He got out and with his head down
walked quickly towards his door. "Hello Mr. Hyde!" they all yelled
and giggled. He went into his house, closed the door and locked it.
He looked out his window and saw that Linda had come outside and
was sitting on her front steps. She was wearing those same white
cut-off's that she had worn two days ago and he looked at her long
legs. Those same legs that he'd laid across bare-assed while she
spanked him in front of her friends. Remembering that made him
blush with shame but it also caused him to get an aching erection.
In spite of all that he'd been put through today, or perhaps
because of it, and the fact that he'd had no relief of any kind at
the office, he was horny! 
The base of his cock tingled as he thought about what must have
been on those tapes that Carol and Marie had seen. He rubbed his
stiff cock through the thin fabric of his slacks and he shuddered
a bit. He saw a small stain begin to appear on the front of his
pants and he decided to take them off. He unbuckled his belt then
unzipped his pants and let them fall to his ankles. He took his
open hand and lightly rubbed it under his dick. This caused the
tingling to get even more urgent. He said "Oh, Shit!" out loud then
kicked off his shoes and socks. He stepped out of his pants and
then took off his shirt and watch. This left him completely naked
with his clothes in a pile at his feet. He lay down on his back in
front of the door and tried to imagine Linda on the other side of
it, sitting across the street on her steps, in those little white
shorts and those long legs and small buns. He closed his eyes and
pictured her walking around in those shorts. He could see how
perfectly her calf tapered to her knee. Then the smooth long length
of her thighs, and finally the little suggestion of a crease where
the backs of her thighs met the round lower curve of her ass.....
his balls felt loaded and as he continued to finger himself he felt
he would explode in his orgasm any second. He wanted to prolong
this so he began lightly and quickly stroking the underside of his
penis and squirming until the sensation subsided enough to touch
himself again. He began to softly moan: "Oh, please spank me Linda,
and your friends too! Oh p-l-e-a-s-e!" He squirmed as he fantasized
about two days earlier. He began flicking his tongue like a snake
and repeating "Please spank me Linda... I REALLY want it.. oh,
please... " He was writhing on the carpet now, lost in his own
self-debasement, teasing his penis. He slit his eyes open a tiny
bit for just a second... and saw two forms standing in front of
him! His eyes popped open in an instant and his confusion turned to
shock. There were Beverly and another woman, standing right there
in front of him, looking down at what he was doing! 
"Don't let us interrupt you, Tommy" said Beverly with a smile.
But Tommy had already stopped, although his penis was still rampant
and twitching from his activities.
"Tommy, I'd like you to meet my friend, Karen. Karen, this is
Tommy."
"Nice to meet you, Tommy" Karen said, bending down and offering
her hand to shake. Tommy just stared at her dumbly, "How...?"
"Last night while I was preparing dinner I found a spare key in
the kitchen." Karen drove me over here about a half hour ago - we
parked down the street. Since you weren't home yet I didn't think
you'd mind if we waited inside. We were in the bedroom when you
came in."
"Don't let us stop you Tommy, you looked like you were about to
cum." Beverly smiled down at him. Tommy didn't say anything but
blushed deeply. "You DO want to cum, don't you Tommy?" When Tommy
just looked down and shook his head Beverly brightened.
"Oh! You mean you LIKE playing with yourself but not cumming,
right? Well, I think we can help you with that, don't you Karen?"
"Sure can, Beverly!" Karen laughed. "It would be my pleasure!"
Beverly continued smiling down at Tommy while Karen went back into
the bedroom. She returned with an aluminum pole about four feet
long. It had straps at the ends and in the middle. "We brought you
a toy, Tommy. Let me help you to get into it." Karen placed the
pole by Tommy's feet. She attached his feet, one at a time, to the
straps at either end of the pole. After that she and Beverly
together lifted the pole up and then attached both of his wrists to
the strap in the middle of the pole. With all of the straps tied
tight and Tommy on his back, he was left in a similar position as
when he was handcuffed earlier, except that his hands were directly
over his head and this time his legs were spread wide apart and
fastened that way. Once again Tommy's genitals and ass were
completely exposed to the gaze of both women. 
"He looks absolutely scrumptious, doesn't he Karen?" Beverly
asked. She was rubbing her palms together and looking down at Tommy
as he lay exposed on the carpet. "Let's give him what he really
wants... I told you earlier that I thought we could keep him teased
on the edge for AT LEAST a half hour without letting him cum,
didn't I? Well, let's really go for it. I'll bet you $20 I can keep
him squirming on the edge for.... a whole hour! If I'm right, you
owe me $20. If he cums before then I'll pay you the money... and
whip his ass good for making me lose the bet!"
"It's a bet, Beverly" Karen laughed back. "But I'm not going to
make things easy on you. I intend to help him along all I can."
The two women decided to get down to work. Beverly sat down
between Tommy's legs and began to lightly run her fingers up and
down the crack of his ass while he moaned "Oh... God!" She then
leaned over and began lightly licking at the base of his cock while
he thrashed about and pleaded with her to let him cum. Since he was
already so hot Beverly sensed that Tommy was ready to ejaculate so
she stopped what she was doing and watched him twitch helplessly
for a few minutes. Tommy started to cry as she once again began
touching his ass and licking his balls. As she ran her tongue up
his shaft to concentrate just under the head he once again
stiffened as if he were about to cum. Again she backed off, leaving
him bucking and begging for relief. After about ten minutes of this
torture Karen decided she needed to help swing the scales. After
Beverly had again pulled back leaving Tommy wiggling like a fish on
a hook, Karen pushed her pants down and stepped out of them. "Hey,
Tommy! Like what you see?" As Tommy watched her through teary eyes
she stepped out of her panties, leaving her nude from the waist
down. She had a lovely pussy lightly covered with soft brown hair.
Tommy had never actually seen a pussy this close up before and the
sight of it held him transfixed. His bent and tied legs began to
tremble as Karen turned her back to him and bent over from the
waist. Her ass pointed at him like a round target and she wiggled
her hips and laughed. "Hungry, Tommy? Guess what's for din-din..." 
With that she stood up and turned around. She stood over him and
then squatted down so that her pussy was right over Tommy's face.
"You know what to do, don't you boy?" she teased. When Tommy didn't
budge she added "Maybe he doesn't! Have you ever eaten pussy, boy?"
Tommy was in agony but he managed to shake his head no. 
"No!?" She gasped. "You mean you've never tasted pussy before?
Let me guess... have you ever been LAID before? Tell me the truth
now or it'll go bad for you." Tommy was in no position to lie. He
shook his head no while he continued to stare at the wet treat that
was just inches above his nose. "Well, I'll be!" said Beverly with
surprise. "We got ourselves a virgin here! Well Tommy boy, you
could have fooled me." Beverly laughed again while Karen said:
"Boy, you are about to taste your first pussy. Get used to it!" 
Both women laughed out loud as Karen lowered herself right onto
Tommy's face. "Lick, boy. Get your tongue up there and lick it good
or I'll open this front door and let your neighbors see you like
this." Tommy stuck his tongue out and slowly licked at Karen's
pussy. "That's it!" she encouraged him. "Now wiggle it around a
bit. Concentrate on this spot right here..." and she opened her
cunt lips and pointed her finger to her little clit bud. "Ooooh,
that's right. Suck on it. Now move your tongue back down and lick
me inside and out as far as your tongue can reach... keep it up."
Beverly resumed tormenting his ass and cock while he licked
Karen as ordered. He was really close now. Bucking his hips like a
bronco while Beverly's hands and tongue worked him over. Again, as
he was about to cum she pulled back and laughed at him as his dick
twitched helplessly in the air and leaked a little pre-seminal
fluid. 
In this manner the two women kept him thrashing around on the
verge of cumming for what seemed an eternity. Karen moved around
and had him lick her asshole out while Beverly teased him on and
off without pity of any kind. Tommy cried as he licked and sucked,
his tied feet kicked in the air and his asshole opened and closed
in frustration. He came close to release several times, and at one
point Beverly actually thought she had lost him, but she just
managed to pull away in time, watching him twist and moan. "Ohhhhh
pllllease.....please.....PLEASE!" he begged, over and over again.
Karen tried to make him cum but Beverly proved to be too expert,
and as the hour timed out all three of them were exhausted and
sweaty. 
"I won!" shouted Beverly triumphantly. "I believe you owe me
$20" she said to Karen.
"Fair and square", giggled Karen, but I'll get it back next
time. The two women decided they needed a shower but before they
got up they looked at each other mischievously. "Why not?" giggled
Karen, reading Beverly's mind. They got up and Karen reached for
the doorknob and swung the front door wide open! It was about
quarter past six in the evening and the summer sun was still high.
Tommy heard the sounds of outdoors as the two women dashed towards
the bathroom to clean up. 
"Now don't you dare move an inch. I mean it!" warned Beverly. "If
we come out and find you've so much as rolled over you'll spend the
next two hours just like you are now on the front lawn!" Tommy
moaned and writhed in his shamefully exposed position. "If anybody
comes to the door looking for us, we'll be back in a jiffy, Tommy"
said Karen. Laughing hysterically the two women closed the bathroom
door and turned on the shower.
Poor Tommy was still in agony. He had been aroused almost beyond
his senses. His body was twitching and his hips were bucking
involuntarily. His face was smeared with the slimy ooze of Karen's
cunt, and the smell of it kept him even hotter. To make matters
worse he was on his back in this most shameful position, about
three feet from his wide-open front door! He could hear the yells
of children playing somewhere. Occasionally he'd hear the sound of
a passing car. Could anybody see him? He tried to look between his
legs but all he got was the sight of his incredibly stiff prick,
dripping on his belly. His hips were still bucking pathetically
from the teasing he had received. He felt himself begin to rock
forward and he steadied himself with a panic. He believed that
Beverly would do exactly as she had threatened, so he kept his head
down on the floor and abandoned his desire to see out the door. Oh
God... if anybody sees me like this.... Dear God, make them hurry
up, please! He cried, but he continued twitching and bucking his
hips. He was sooo hot, he thought he would lose his mind!
An eternity later he heard the shower stop. As he waited there by
the front door he heard the sound of giggling from the bathroom.
Finally both women emerged, smiling. They each wore one of his
bathrobes and had a towel wrapped around their head. Beverly walked
up to Tommy and smiled down at him, "Any messages while we were
away?" Tommy just moaned and bucked his hips a little,
pathetically.
"Ohhhhh, what's the matter Tommy? Are you hot? Maybe a nice
little walk in the evening air will cool you off." Tommy panicked
but Beverly mercifully closed the front door and to his relief
began untying him from the pole. "Hurry up, we have to get dressed
if we're going out." Tommy winced as he tried standing up. His legs
had cramped from being tied in that position for the past hour and
a half. Beverly put her hands on his back and motioned for him to
stay down. 
"If you don't mind, I'd like you to crawl into the bedroom. I do
so love watching your ass move when you crawl." Beverly laughed and
slowly walked behind him. "My, but your ass looks quite rosy this
evening. Did Mrs. Peterson do that to you today?"
"No, Mistress Beverly" Tommy replied. "Louise did it while Mrs.
Peterson was out of the office." 
"Well! That surprises me. She seemed so quiet and cool when I
was there. Did Carol and Marie see you `get it' from Louise?"
"Yes, Mistress Beverly."
"Excellent! Did they enjoy seeing you get spanked in the
office?" Beverly continued, tauntingly.
"I-I don't know, Mistress Beverly." Tommy stuttered.
"Well then perhaps I should call them and ask them, what do you
think?"
"Oh, NO Mistress Beverly!" Tommy begged. "They enjoyed it FINE!" 
"Well, that's good to hear" replied Beverly. As they entered the
bedroom Karen was already getting dressed. Beverly handed Tommy a
pair of gray sweatpants and a black tee shirt. "Put these on Tommy,
we wouldn't want the neighbors to get the wrong impression during
our walk, would we?" 
"No, Mistress Beverly" Tommy accepted the clothes and began
pulling them on while Beverly got dressed in her own jeans and
pullover shirt. Beverly looked terrific in her tight designer jeans
and Tommy couldn't help looking at her when she turned around. 
"Are you looking at my ass, Tommy?" Beverly asked. "What a nice
compliment. I'm glad you enjoy it. We certainly enjoy yours." Karen
chuckled at this and rubbed her hands along her own ass to tease
Tommy a little more.
When they were finished Beverly and Karen grabbed their shoulder
bags and each took one of Tommy's arms. "We're going to walk down
the street to Karen's car, Tommy." As they left the house Tommy was
embarrassed to see that, since he didn't have any underwear on, his
enormous hardon was plainly visible pushing the front of his
sweatpants out in a pronounced bulge. The women noticed him trying
to cover himself and held his hands tightly to prevent this. They
passed by Mrs. Whitford's porch and Beverly waved and yelled "Hello
Mrs. Whitford!" Mrs. Whitford smiled and waved back. She didn't
know where they were going but instinctively felt that wherever it
was, it wasn't going to be good for Tom Hyde, and this pleased her.
They passed Laurie and Marcie Lyons. The two girls were headed back
from the store with a couple of bags of groceries. They lived a few
houses down from Tom. Did they pass by his house on the way to the
store while he was lying there with the door open? Could they have
seen him? Tommy was in agony. The two sisters smiled as they passed
him and he noticed they both couldn't help but look at the huge
bulge in his sweatpants. After they passed he heard some muffled
giggling and unintelligible whispers. They finally came to a late
model Buick parked by the curb. Karen unlocked the passenger side
then opened the door and reached in to tilt the seat forward.
"Climb in" she said to Tommy. Beverly then pushed the seat back and
got in the front while Karen went around to the driver's side. As
she started up the car Beverly leaned back over the seat and said
to Tommy, "I want you to lower your sweatpants down to your ankles,
then kneel on the seat with your butt up and your face flat against
the seat. If I catch you touching yourself, even a little, we'll
pull over and make you a very sorry little boy."
Tommy did as he was told. His cock was still hard and sprang out
when he lowered his pants. It was a little awkward on the back seat
but he managed to achieve the required position, to Beverly's
satisfaction. Karen drove on while Beverly draped one arm over the
back of the seat and fondled Tommy's still red ass. After about ten
or fifteen minutes of driving, Karen pulled off to the side of the
road. There was nothing there except a field of tall grass and some
woods beyond. Beverly got out of the car and, grabbing Tommy's
hips, helped him to back out onto the grass. She told him to kick
his sneakers off and then took his sweats off from around his
ankles. She rolled them up and threw them into the back seat. Tommy
now had nothing on except his black tee shirt. His red ass stood
out even more below the bottom edge of the tee shirt as he waited
there on his hands and knees. Beverly grabbed hold of his tee-shirt
and quicly tugged it over his head and arms and pulled it
completely off. It joined his sweatpants and sneakers in the back
seat. Now he was stripped naked on the side of the road. Beverly
then told the bare assed boy to crawl ahead of them into the field.
She and Karen followed leisurely behind, watching him disappear
into the tall grass. When they got to the far end of the field
Karen gave Tommy a little goose with the toe of her shoe and told
him to keep on going, into the woods. Tommy picked his way
carefully over branches and shrubs for about a hundred yards before
they came to a little clearing. There was a small pond another
hundred feet beyond. Beverly and Karen both seemed to like the
looks of the place, so they ordered Tommy to stop. "I think this
will do just fine, what do you think Karen?"
"Oh, I think it's perfect" answered Karen. "Tommy dear, see this
fallen tree trunk here? I want you to crawl over it and straddle
it... yes, just like that. Make sure you keep your ass up. Now hold
it just like that." Karen walked around to where Tommy could see
her. She slowly unzipped her jeans then pushed them down and
stepped out of them. She then took off her blouse and unclipped her
bra. Teasingly she rubbed her tits together then took the bra off
completely. When she finally removed her white panties, Karen stood
completely nude in front of the shivering Tommy. "You like what you
see?" she taunted as she shimmied a little in front of him, then
crouched down and rubbed her hard nipples against his lips. 
Karen then got up and began walking towards the pond, looking on
the ground. Finally she found what she was looking for. A small
whippy branch about three feet long. She brought it back and then
crouched down in front of Tommy again. She slowly began stripping
the smaller branches and leaves off of it as she stared at Tommy
the whole while. She licked her lips sensuously then smiled and
said. "Do you know what I'm going to do with this, Tommy?" Tommy
shook his head `No'. Karen giggled and said, "You were a very bad
boy, Tommy! You hurt my feelings. Because I wasn't able to make you
cum when Beverly was teasing you, you made me lose $20. That's a
lot of money. I'm gonna make you wish you'd cum for me. First I'm
going to whip your ass with this switch here. Then I'm gonna fix it
so you'll be begging me to let you cum. You'll be begging ANYONE to
let you cum!
With those last ominous words she finished stripping the switch.
She tested it by swishing it in her palm a few times before Tommy's
eyes. "Ow!" she exclaimed "I guess this will do just fine!". She
then got up and once again turned around and bent over from the
waist. She put her hands on the ground and peered back at Tommy
between the arch of her legs. She stuck her tongue out at him then
said "I just wanted you to see who's gonna be whipping your ass."
Beverly just sat on another log watching the whole scene with
interest. Tommy's hips started bucking again and the underside of
his hardon was barely brushing against the bark of the log he was
straddling. Karen straightened up then walked to Tommy's left. She
let the switch slowly trace a path along Tommy's back, down and
around the globes of his asscheeks, then finally she brushed the
tip down the crack and watched him jump a little.
"You cost me $20, so I'm going to give you twenty whacks. Get
ready...." ...PHHHHSSSS K-RACK!... The switch cut through the air
and Tommy jumped and almost got up. "Don't you DARE move, or I'll
tie you down and give you two HUNDRED whacks! Now, count each one
aloud and say 'Thank you, Mistress Karen', or they won't count."
Tommy's ass was on fire! It felt like he'd been burnt. The
thought of nineteen more of those was almost more than he could
take, but the horror of being tied down and getting two hundred of
them scared him to tears. "One... thank you, Mistress Karen", Tommy
managed to choke out. Beverly smiled at Karen and said "You're very
good at this. I'm impressed." 
"Oh, you haven't seen anything yet!" Karen beamed, and continued
whipping Tommy's ass with the switch. She was clearly enjoying her
task immensely. By the time she reached twenty, tears were
streaming down Tommy's face. She hadn't broken any skin but there
were nasty looking ridges on his ass each place the switch had
struck him. Interestingly enough, his dick was still hard. Beverly
and Karen helped Tommy to back away from the fallen tree. They led
him a few paces away to a smooth, somewhat sandy patch of ground.
Karen said "Stop crying so much! That was just to warm you up" and
she cupped her hand over Tommy's blazing ass to confirm that he was
indeed warmed up. "Now comes the REAL fun!" With that she opened
her bag and took out some pieces of rope. She also took out a
couple of iron stakes and a small hammer. This woman came prepared!
Tommy was still on his hands and knees and she pushed him down so
that his face was on the ground, his cheek resting on the cool
soil. Both women then took his arms and pulled them underneath him,
between his legs, and tied his right wrist to his right ankle and
his left wrist to his left ankle. This left him bottom upwards, his
knees spread and his ass wide open. Each of his ass cheeks was a
round globe. The crack of his ass was no longer a crack but spread
wide open. His anus was like a little round 'O', spread open like
that. Licking their lips they dragged him back about a foot and
took great care to position him. If he could have seen where they
were placing him he would have really flipped! About an inch below
his asshole was the top of a good sized ant hill. Karen then took
the two iron stakes and fastened one through each of the ropes that
held his wrists and ankles. With the hammer she pounded them both
deep into the hard ground. This left Tommy permanently anchored in
that position, wide open, his vulnerable asshole like a hungry
little mouth directly over the ant hill!
Karen seemed pleased with the results but Beverly wasn't quite
done yet. From her own bag she took out a small jar of honey. She
scooped out a nice dollop of it with her index finger and smeared
it right on, and then into, Tommy's open anus! She took a little
more and ran a small bead along the underside of his stiff penis,
put a drop on the underside of each testicle, then sat back in
satisfaction to observe their handiwork. Tommy finally realized
what was going on and he began to panic. He strained against his
bonds but couldn't even come close to budging from his position.
Beverly and Karen then sat back on the fallen log that Tommy had so
recently straddled, and prepared to wait for the fun to start...
Within minutes the first ants began climbing onto Tommy's calves
and, drawn by the scent of the honey, began moving towards his ass.
"Don't worry, darling. They're not stinging fire ants or
anything like that. Just your normal everyday ants. We thought they
might tickle your fancy". With that, both women began giggling at
the pun. By this time the first ants had reached Tommy's asshole
and begun probing the nectar they found there. As expected, the
tickling motion of these insects began to have their effect on
Tommy. He tried waggling his hips to ease the tickling sensation
but he was bound helplessly open to their invasion. The first
explorers returned to the hill but then scores of others began
following the trail they had left back to the honeyspot. Within a
few minutes their tiny feet and feelers had poor Tommy begging for
release. He managed to buck his hips a tiny bit but it turned out
to be just enough for his open anus to graze the top of the hill,
knocking the tip of it off. This brought out dozens more and soon
Tommy was wailing as his rump was covered by hundreds of the
maddening little creatures. Several of them were on each testicle,
licking away at the spot of honey deposited on them. Still others
had followed the trail along the underside of his erect cock and
were congregating just under the head of his penis. But, by far,
the greatest concentration had collected around his trembling
asshole. A few had ventured inside a bit and were scraping the
honey off the walls with their tiny mandibles. 
The sensation was indescribable torment. While the hundreds of
tiny probing feet stimulated his nerve endings to nearly the point
of orgasm, the randomness of their movement, coupled with their
incredibly light touch, kept him from going over the edge! He was,
in effect, held prisoner, on the hairy edge of orgasm, without
relief, for as long as the tiny torturers remained. 
These women knew their anatomy well and they watched
breathlessly as the poor boy, tied so helplessly exposed, was held
RIGHT ON THE EDGE by these maddening little creatures.
"Ohhhhh! Help! I'm sooooooo close. Please! let me cum....
unnnghhh..." Tommy was blubbering. 
Beverly and Karen were fascinated. They tried imagining the
sheer torment that Tommy was feeling and the thought made them
squeeze their thighs together. It was beyond their imagination. Ten
minutes of this should be unendurable, but Tommy was tied! He HAD
to endure it! An hour of this was completely unthinkable. To be
held at the edge of orgasm by these mindless terrors for a whole
hour, it was.... unthinkable! Nodding at each other the two women
finally got up. Karen put her shirt and slacks on as Beverly walked
over to where Tommy was trying to squirm. She patted his red ass,
careful not to disturb any of the busy ants and said "We've got to
go now, Tommy. It's getting late and soon the mosquitoes will be
out. We'll leave you with your new found friends. I'm sure they'll
be happy to keep you company tonight. We'll be back to get you in
the morning. Keep a stiff upper-lip!" 
"Goodnight, Tommy!" Karen added as the two women began walking
back towards the field, and the car. As they walked they heard
Tommy's plaintive cries "Help! P-L-E-A-S-E, don't leave me like
this. Please let me cum! Mistress Beverly! Mistress Karen!
Pleeeaaase! ANYBODY! Please, I can't stand this. Let me cum....."
His sobs and pleas grew dimmer as the two women crossed the
field. "I suspect this is a night he'll never forget" said Beverly.
Karen put her arm around Beverly's shoulder and said "Thanks Bev,
I can't remember ever having such a good time on a blind date!"


