Mary on her Own
by Jappio 

Part 1 

Mary wasn't too thrilled to have return to school.  Normally she didn't mind going back to her standard life, but she felt something was missing after a couple days of classes. 

Over the summer, Mary had experienced a lot.  Normally she would have spent the vacation relaxing, but this year she had a lot of adventures that usually left her scared, worries, and even excited.  Her friends Julie and Jenny had stripped her naked and shown her an all new world.  Mary would have never been so bold on her own to do anything as crazy as getting naked in public, flashing strangers, or even walking naked around people. 

Julie and Jenny though felt Mary was missing something in her life, so they pushed her to try many new things.  Although it often left Mary very embarrassed, Mary began to think it wasn't all bad.  Something about how her heart raced, adrenaline pumped through her veins, and her senses would go into overdrive made Mary actually want to try it some more. 

Mary wasn't going to admit she was addicted or anything.  She knew that there were a lot of risks when getting naked, and she still blushed when thinking about people seeing her.  She convinced herself that if Julie and Jenny weren't pushing her, she'd never take her clothes off except to shower or change. 

At least that's what it was at first, but after a few mundane days in school, she realized she could use something to spice her life back up. That something she already had an idea what it was, but she was trying her best to not give in to her subconscious desires. 

After their first classes, the three girls had decided to get together and talk about how school was looking.  It eventually though turned to them talking about the summer.  Julie and Jenny kept teasing Mary, telling her how proud they were of her. 

Mary was relieved when they had started talking about their own adventures.  Mary still didn't know much about the two girls past as far as nudity went.  They usually kept most of it the secret. 

Mary was shocked and amazed about one of their short tales in particular. Julie was explaining about a time when she had actually locked herself out of her house naked.  Apparently Julie had hid a key deep in her neighborhood, away from her house.  Then after making sure her house was secure, she stripped naked, and closed the door behind her.  Mary couldn't even begin to fully comprehend what it would be like to be stuck in that situation. 

Julie talked about it as if it was just an everyday occurrence.  She shared about the close calls, the bits of flesh a few people driving by saw, and even her run in with a neighbor out for a jog.  Mary wish Julie would go into more detail, it wasn't often she heard or saw Julie being pushed to her limits.  Jenny and Julie both seemed like masters of the naked trade, and rarely showed any signs of worry, unlike Mary. 

Days passed, and Mary kept thinking about being locked out naked.  Every time she thought she could picture the shock and fear it would leave on her, she kept second guessing herself.  She could swear her heart would stop and she would drop over dead, or that she would tear a hole in her door just to get back in.  Yet even though she thought all these horrible scary thoughts about it, something made her want to try for herself. 

The idea wouldn't leave her mind.  She wanted something to thrill her again boring life, and she wanted to experience being locked out naked. She told herself she was nuts, normally she would never do something without Jenny or Julie there.  She considered telling them about it, but she couldn't bring herself to it.  She knew they would probably only tease her for being too into this stuff.  They also might get the wrong idea and start pushing her even more. 

Mary began running more and more scenarios in her head, but instead of Julie as the star, it was her now.  She pictured how she could do it. Since she was now staying in the dorms, she couldn't do it from college. She also didn't want to risk her neighbors seeing her or anyone she knew if she were to go back home for a weekend and do it from there. 

She started to think of a way around it though.  She didn't have to lock herself out of her living quarters.  She remembered the time when Julie and Jenny had the car locked and her clothes inside.  That would be essentially the same.  She could just lock herself out of her car naked instead.  She could also choose where she was locked out. 

She knew a place in the town over.  She knew a route she could take.  It was a quiet town, and it got plenty dark during night.  It wouldn't be the first time Mary walked around naked at night.  During some free time Mary even drove over there just to look.  She could picture just the path she would take too.  It scared her, but Mary was now thinking she could do this. 

So Mary made a plan.  She would get her work done one night, and then stay up late.  The next day she had no classes, so she wouldn't need to go to bed at any time.  She would leave late at night and drive into the nearby town.  She'd make sure to check her path, and if all looked good, she would do it. 

"You must be nuts," Mary thought as she sat through her last class.  She wasn't concentrating the best any more.  She was a bundle of nerves thinking about her own adventure she set for herself.  She knew she'd be alone this time, and she knew she probably shouldn't.  Her usual rational brain told her to just relax and enjoy the boring days. 

Mary finished her work and was pacing in her room.  She knew if she got cold feet too late, she wouldn't be able to do anything about it.  She didn't want to give into this desire.  She told herself she wasn't that into this stuff.  Her curiosity was becoming too strong for her to fight. She also felt like she had to prove something to herself.  "Yeah, I'm not doing this because I really want to.  I just can't back down.  I mean it shouldn't be a problem.  I'm not the scared and boring girl those two think I am," and with that last thought, Mary got her keys and set off for her destination. 

It was late, a little past midnight.  The roads were empty, and she didn't see a soul except one other car as she drove along the path she set for herself.  She was becoming more and more confident that she could do this. 

She arrived at her main destination without seeing any more people.  She had parked her car in the town's main park.  Mary hoped her car wouldn't raise suspicion there, but she figured that most people would just assume she was visiting one of the nearby houses across the street. 

Mary took her key, and made sure the doors to her car were unlocked. She then set off across the park.  She followed the paved pathway past the lamps there.  She noticed they were on, and it worried her that it wouldn't be totally dark, but she knew that no one would be visiting the park so late. 

She exited the park on the opposite end of where she parked in a short time.  She now faced a row of houses on the other side of the street.  She could see their lights off and no one about.  She then turned left and followed down the road.  There wasn't a side walk, but there was plenty of room to walk on the grass.  She had the houses on the opposite side of the street, and trees and woodland on her side.  She figured she could hide in there, but she wouldn't be able to traverse the forest since it was too thick and she wouldn't know her way around it. 

The walk took a bit, but she knew even if naked, she would probably be able to get to hiding if any cars would come by.  It was so quiet and the road was so straight and long that she figured she'd be able to see and hear them come from a far way. 

As she walked, Mary tried to picture herself naked right then and there. She got chills thinking about it, but she was sure it was doable.  She did a test run to the trees to see how fast she could be, and she was happy with the result. 

The row of houses ended as the other side of the road also had trees now. This was Mary's planned finish line.  After a few steps she was now crossing a bride that went over a small river.  She could see up ahead the intersection where she would hide her key.  Near one of the street signs there were some decretive bushes.  She knew it would be a great spot. 

She had worried that hiding the key so close to this intersection would be risky.  Not only was the risk of cars coming by more than doubled, but this part of town was where the residential area ended.  It was more of business area.  Past the intersection, shops lined both sides of the streets.  The shopping area on Mary's side was even a strip mall with a large parking lot.  Mary also noticed a car go by as she arrived. 

All Mary saw was that one car.  There was a large break in the traffic. It was late, and the stores weren't open.  Almost everyone was probably asleep.  No freeway ran through town, and no one was probably out partying on a weekday night.  Mary stood and again pictured herself naked.  She couldn't help running her hands down her sides.  She even slipped her finger tips in the waistband of her pants. 

"Being naked here wouldn't be so bad," Mary thought as her hands dug deeper into her pants and underwear.  She subconsciously just wanted to feel her own bare skin.  Her hands slid across her hips and over to her bottom.  She drifted her hands across her soft cheeks and gave them a little squeeze.  She pushed her pants and underwear half way down her butt. 

Mary again looked around both ways and then pushed her pants and underwear down to mid thigh.  Again she moved her hands across her hips and around her waist.  She was essentially bottomless now; the bush in front of her hid only a portion of her.  She saw no one, and began push her shirt up. 

Mary was nervous and began breathing deeper, but it didn't stop her from raising her shirt.  She clumsily lifter her bra too, letting her breast fall out into the open.  She then began to slowly walk.  Her pants were falling close to her knees, and she held her shirt up to her neck.  She made a full lap around the bush and street sign.  She was almost naked out on that street corner.  She knew that it was so dead that this wouldn't be a big deal. 

"I could probably hide the key a little farther, I mean even if there is a car or two, I can hide until I need to cross." Mary now adjusted her clothes until she was decent.  She made her quick dash across the road and began to rethink where she would put the key now. 

She noticed that there was a bit of an overhead ceiling all along the strip mall.  There were also large pillars going all the way down.  Mary noticed that there were also potted plants near each pillar.  She again was trying to pretend she was naked as she traveled to those pillars.  She figured the short dash only left her visible to the road for a short time, and then she could just use the columns to hide. 

Going down past two stores, Mary decided that the third column she was near would be good.  It sounded pretty crazy in her head to be so close to all these businesses with no clothes.  It wasn't much extra distance from her original plan, but Mary was still cautious to not extend the risk too much. 

Mary made sure the key was very well hidden.  Even if she hadn't seen a soul walking about, she didn't want anyone taking her soon to be only way out of this little game. 

Again Mary was trying to picture being naked where she was.  She looked around, and since she had only seen one car go by, and she could barely see the road from where she was, she figured it would be fine to test it out a little.  This time as she pushed her pants and panties down her legs, she kicked off her shoes and stepped out of them. 

Mary's heart was racing.  Jenny and Julie weren't there urging her on, but she was still getting naked.  She looked forward to being able to brag how she did this on her own.  On some levels she couldn't believe she urged herself on her own to get bottomless out in public. 

"You've done worse than this, this won't be bad at all," she encouraged herself. 

Mary was hidden by the pillar so she decided that she could keep pushing herself.  She pulled her shirt up and off her body.  After dropping it on her pants, Mary removed her bra so she was fully naked. 

She could see herself in the reflection of the dark windows of the store in front of her.  Besides her socks, she was naked out here at this strip mall.  The road wasn't far, and she could hear a car go by.  She knew the column hid her, but she still shivered thinking about it.  She tossed the idea around of just heading back naked, but she knew she had to go through with the whole plan, not just part of it. 

Mary made herself do a walk around the column, make sure she was Ok with this.  A street light not too far into the parking lot kept her area lit well enough, and she was quite nervous.  She didn't run or cover up though, and she knew she could do this.  She reached for her clothes, but decided to do something different.  She got her shirt, pants, and shoes back on, but pocketed her underwear.  She figured walking back commando would be a good enough warm up. 

Walking away from her key, Mary was starting to feel pretty confident. She knew it wouldn't be easy, but she felt she could actually do this.  She was worried, but also getting excited.  Since she no longer had a bra, she could feel the fabric of her shirt rub against her hardening nipples.  She blushed thinking that even before this started her body was starting to become aroused.  Mary wondered if she was just weird, or if most people got kicks from the idea of being naked in public. 

As she crossed the bridge, she again was picturing herself naked.  Mary looked back and forward as she slid her pants down, but only enough for the back of her butt to stick out.  It wasn't much, but it made Mary giggle. She gave her pants a little more of a push until a few of her hairs in front were sticking out.  She ran a hand over them.  She couldn't believe how bold she could be on her own. 

She knew since her pants were down past her hips they wouldn't stay up, but she told herself to not touch them.  It didn't take long, but after just the right step they feel within an instant to her feet.  It partially shocked her, but she was still enjoying herself.  She covered her now exposed pussy with her hands as she wiggled her butt and pretended to be embarrassed. 

She tugged her pants back up her legs, but still left them barely hanging on her hips.  She was feeling silly letting her butt hang out like this, but she was also having fun.  She was starting to think that when Julie and Jenny weren't pushing her too far, she could actually stop to enjoy this type of stuff once and awhile. 

Mary turned her head to houses as she passed them.  She knew they were asleep, so she started to again play with her pubic hair.  Her pants barely hung on, her ass was sticking out, and she was even stroking her little fur below in front of them, and yet she wasn't at too much risk.  She had plenty of freedom to be a little naughty, and she was having fun with it. She giggled as her pants again slipped off. 

She pulled them up, but left her butt sticking out again.  She started to fiddle with her shirt.  She kept pulling it up and flashing the houses as she went by.  She tried to convince herself to slow down, to save the fun for later. 

This was going to be nothing like what she had done before.  She was actually doing something on her own.  A mixture of worry and excitement were the most prominent emotions going on inside her, and yet she still was about to go through with it all.  "It isn't as risky as past adventures," she thought, "it's on my terms, I'm in control." 


Part 2 

She was able to keep her clothes on for the last stretch of the walk, and she was finally back in the park.  She made her way to the other end and got in her car.  She knew now was the moment of truth.  Even though she was more confident than ever a few moments before, her hands were starting to tremble.  "You can do this Mary.  You just tested it all out; it will be fine, with or without clothes." 

She pulled her shirt up over her head.  She sat topless in her car.  She got her shoes and socks off, and removed her pants.  She knew her underwear was still in her pocket, so she was now naked. 

She looked out her car windows.  It was still plenty dark and she didn't see any signs of life.  She folded her clothes and sat them on the passenger seat. 

She opened her door, and slowly got out.  The lights from inside her car made her feel more revealed than she needed to be.  She couldn't believe how fast her confidence was dropping.  She figured that was the difference with just pulling your clothes off, and actually stepping away from them. 

She stayed crouched near her car door, naked and wondering what to do. She saw the lock button for her doors, and she pushed it.  She heard them all click.  This was going to be the moment! 

She stood and looked around.  She was still very alone.  She ran the whole route in her head.  She would probably only have to hide once or twice and she wouldn't be caught.  It wasn't a long distance, and it would be over in no time she thought.  Yet still, she stalled her hand on the door.  She knew there would be no going back, but she knew also she had to try this. 

With one final breath, Mary swung the door shut, and in an instant her clothes, her way home, and her fate were sealed.  She was now locked out naked, and any chance to get out this easily was to travel multiple blocks completely naked! 

Later when Mary would think back about this adventure, the total contrast between a few moments ago, and the moment the door locked would be astounding.  However at this time, she wasn't thinking anything about that. 

When she had been imagining this adventure, she tried to picture this moment.  She didn't drop over dead, and she didn't feel she had the strength to tear a hole in her door to get back in, but she still couldn't believe what was going on. 

She was very naked, and she couldn't get at her clothes.  She couldn't even tell how she felt.  One thing was for sure, she did feel vulnerable. She felt the cold night air touching every inch of her skin.  She was completely stranded.  She was essentially trapped and helpless. 

In a few moments, the interior light of her car went off.  Although the added darkness perhaps hid her more, it didn't help her chaotic mind.  She now felt even more alone, adding to her vulnerability.  She didn't have Julie and Jenny here to help her.  She had put herself into this situation, and the fact that she did this all to herself scared her, almost as much of the idea of having to walk such a large distance naked. 

Mary had been confident moments earlier.  She didn't know where it all went though.  When she was in control, and could see no one was around, she felt like nothing could go wrong.  She was able to convince herself to pull her clothes off on whims.  Yet it was different now.  Was it because her clothes were locked away and she couldn't choose to get dressed?  Was it because now she had no choice?  Was it because now there was no way of stopping or avoid the unknown? 

She gripped her bare body with her hands.  She ran her hands across her skin.  She knew she was without a stitch head to toe, but she still was trying to straighten out her mind.  She was starting to remember she couldn't sit there all night. 

She finally began to stand, or at least stand to a semi-crouched position.  She looked all around the park.  A path lay before her, lights shining her way down to the other side where she would have to go.  "Why did I choose this as the first obstacle?" She asked herself. 

She looked at her car.  She could see her clothes lying on her seat.  It was tortuous to know that they were so very close, but she couldn't get them.  She couldn't stop herself from trying the door handle.  Without surprise, the door didn't open. 

"Mary, you have to do this.  You wanted to try it so bad, you saw it was dead out tonight, no stopping now!" she tried to convince herself.  It was enough though to get her feat moving. 

Walking the path naked was very different than when she was clothed. The lights lining the path didn't seem nearly as bright before.  The path also didn't go near the trees lining the park, so Mary would have to run fast to get to cover.  Essentially, she had little chance of avoiding anyone coming by. 

Mary tried to tell herself no one else other than her would be out this late.  Who other than someone wanting to walk around naked would be in the park so late?  Mary almost chuckled at the thought of a second naked person who might be out thinking that she too would be safe at this late hour. Mary knew though that she wasn't guaranteed anything, and she couldn't shake the feeling she bit off more than she could chew.  Even without Jenny or Julie around she had found a way to push herself farther than she would have liked.  She was starting to think she needed to start taking lessons on saying "no" to this type of stuff. 

Even if alone, Mary had her hands covering her body.  She had an arm over her nipples and a hand between her legs.  It seemed silly since she was alone, but it was the only thing that felt natural to her.  It at least made her feel a little less naked, although it did make her most private of places feel less clothed since she could constantly feel them.  It was quite the double edged sword. 

She amazed herself when she did make it to the end of the park.  She didn't think she'd make that whole distance naked.  She was starting to remember a little why earlier she thought this crazy idea was possible. 

Now in front of her lay the rows of houses that she'd have to walk in front of to get to her destination.  Luckily all their lights remained off, but it sent shivers across her body to think that every house had people inside.  Even if they weren't watching her, she'd be walking right by many people while completely naked. 

She began her walk even still; she had to get her key after all.  She didn't know what she would do if it became early morning and people would start walking out their houses for work.  It didn't help that she felt like she was on a stage with all the houses looking down on her. 

Mary was also approaching her half way point, and not a soul around. She finally dropped her arms to her sides, figuring that running to the tree line would be more than enough cover. 

She wasn't sure if she should be more worried because she was now even farther from her clothes, or if she should be more confident since she was closer to the key.  She knew that being near her clothes wouldn't help since they were unreachable without the key, but it still felt strange walking away form them. 

With no cars or people to be seen though, Mary was again building confidence.  She could see far up and down the road, no one was near.  She started to step out onto the road itself.  She did a full slow turn just to look around and to flash her body at her nonexistent audience again.  She remembered back when she was just letting her pants fall or holding her shirt up. 

"I was plenty safe before showing my body, and had I been caught then it would have been plenty embarrassing, this is almost no different," Mary told herself.  She knew though there was a difference.  She had no clothing to put back on yet, and she had a lot more skin showing. 

She walked along the road now.  Mary honestly wanted to hide, but something was nagging her.  The want to push herself, the want to impress Jenny and Julie, and the want to try to be brave were all working against her. 

Looking around again, Mary walked over to the center of the road now. At first she just stood, but then she spun around slowly again to show herself to everything around her.  She began to smile as she tried to push the fear out of her mind.  She still felt vulnerable.  Her body was naked, and her hands weren't even hiding it.  Her legs were even slightly apart, the breeze reminding her of that fact.  Yet now she was starting to feel the excitement of the whole event too.  She probably had the thrill and excitement in her form the start, but now she could recognize it.  The beating of her heart, the shivering going up and down her spine, and even the growing wetness between her legs was all signs of this. 

Mary didn't like to admit too often that these adventures of hers excited her.  It was very embarrassing, and she couldn't see how stuff that was so embarrassing or scary could excite her.  Yet at times like this, she couldn't just ignore it. 

She wasn't going to let herself get carried away, but she did continue to walk down the road towards her destination, in the center of the road. No one was around, and she felt she had to push herself.  She had to force herself to be extra brave, or else she'd fall victim to her fear again. 

Although she was feeling more and more naked now, being out in the open again, she was able to stay in the center of the road.  She was farther from her tree cover, and she could barely believe it. 

"Just a little more, and then I can go back," Mary thought.  She eyed up the side walk near her.  With a slight change in her angle, she was soon placing her fee on the side walk.  Now she was on the opposite side of the road she had planned on. 

Mary was far from her clothes, far from the key, and even a good distance from cover.  If someone did come, she'd have to hope that she was near a parked car or bush at that time. 

Mary looked down the road and at all the houses she would be passing. She shivered thinking about any of them looking out at her.  None of her bare skin would be hidden from them. 

She was going to give herself a goal.  She would stay on the side walk for another 2 houses.  Once that was done, she'd go back to the other side of the road. 

Mary was almost holding her breath past the first house.  She was going away from her night's plan with being over there.  It seemed to be only about a 15 ft difference, but to her it was a lot. 

Mary forced herself to walk the whole time though.  She didn't want to run tonight if she didn't have to.  She was pushing herself to go no faster than a jogging pace as she was passing the second house. 

She sighed with relief as she got past the last one.  She looked up and down the road, and quickly got back over to the safer side. 

It was probably best too she did.  Not too much later, Mary could see car head lights down the road.  She was able to get to the tree line in time to get out of site before it got close.  Her heart was beating rapidly from that alone.  She wondered how bad it would have been if she had been on the other side. 

Mary left her cover when she was sure she was alone again.  Mary knew she was almost halfway there.  She could see where the line of houses would end, and the bridge over the creek began. 

Mary saw the spot where she would have hid her key originally.  Her little walk would be half done if she had kept it at the intersection. Mary's walking speed slowed as she was approaching the intersection.  She knew that once she got up that far, she would be essentially be out of the more safe residential areas, and instead in the business area of town. 

Mary finally made it over the bridge and the tree cover disappeared. Mary lowered her stance as she got up behind the same decretive bushes as before.  She was now fully naked this time around and still had to cross over the parking lot to find her key. 

Mary didn't move for a bit.  She wanted to wait until she was sure the roads were still dead here.  She saw one car go by as she peaked over the bush.  She then had a large amount of silence.  Things were looking good; she was about ready to make a dash for the key. 

She stood and made one final scan of the area.  She wanted to make sure it was all good to go.  It was a good thing too that she looked.  As she looked over at the parking lot, the corner near the first store that she couldn't see from under the bush, she saw a group of people there! 


Part 3 

Mary quickly ducked back down behind the bush.  She wasn't able to see them from behind the bush this whole time.  Why were there others out this late? 

Mary slowly raised so to keep herself still hidden from them.  She knew she was at risk since her breast would be high enough to be seen over the bush by traffic.  She used one arm to hold them as she looked at the people standing near the store and her key! 

They looked to be a little younger than her.  Mary couldn't tell what they were doing.  It was about a group of 4 or 5, and were mixed gendered. 

Mary ducked back down so she could think.  She had to get the key obviously, yet only being a store or two down from them, she wouldn't be able to sneak past them.  She couldn't even choose to go around the long way if she wanted. 

She started to just try and wait for them to leave.  Time was moving slow though, and every time Mary heard a car go by she shivered.  She wasn't perfectly hidden either.  Any cars driving from the subdivision would be able to see her if they glanced over at the right time.  Mary was even more trapped down, stranded naked in public. 

If Mary had to guess, it seemed like a half hour had gone by.  To Mary it felt like it was eternity, but she knew it couldn't be anything that ridiculous.  She wanted to get this over with.  She was so scared of being stuck there naked the whole time.  Yet the group didn't seem to want to budge. 

"Maybe I'll just have to streak them," Mary began to think.  Rationally Mary tried to convince herself just to wait some more.  The idea of walking past them naked was just too embarrassing. 

"Just a bet," Mary thought she would say to them.  She clutched her hands over her body the same way she would if she was walking past them. "I can't believe people have seen like this already though," Mary thought about it. 

Perhaps Mary should have been wiser about gripping such sensitive areas. Even though she was naked and scared, she was also naked and excited.  She wanted nothing more than to get dressed, but she would have to get that key. She couldn't get the key, and so she was stuck naked.  Knowing she had nowhere to go but hide there, not far from people, was only worsening her situation.  She was anxious, worried, embarrassed, excited, and the hands now on her sensitive bits only drove more adrenaline through her blood, her body tingled at the many thoughts running through her head. 

Her rational side was starting to vanish.  She was now just thinking of how to end this sooner.  She figured that bet story would be enough to convince them.  It wouldn't be the first time she was seen like that either. It was dark and she would only be there for a moment. 

She also would be able to brag to Julie and Jenny.  They would never believe that she willingly walked in front of others like that. 

"They won't see any details, and it will only be for seconds.  They are young so they won't call the cops or anything," Mary again peeked over the bush towards them.  She knew the walk wasn't long, and she had to get the key before dawn, right? 

"I'm home free as soon as I get that key..." Mary told herself, as she stabled her stance, actually considering dashing out from the bush.  She looked around for cars.  She knew deep inside she was about to walk into an embarrassing situation, but she couldn't stop herself. 

She quickly got a few steps away from cover, but her nerve pulled her back behind the bush.  She was shaking now.  She was almost ready to call off the plan and wait, but her head was swimming in confusion.  She wasn't sure what to do. 

She tried to calm herself by taking a deep breath.  She now stood again and began approaching her key.  After a quick dash across the road, she knew that if they looked over now, she wouldn't be able to hide herself. 

Her hands were firmly covering her front side.  She could feel the pounding of her heart as she got closer.  The lights in the parking lot were shining down on her.  She could see her body slowly became more and more illuminated as she began to walk under one.  She would have avoided it, but she wanted to walk a straight path to the key, taking no extra time to stay near the other people. 

Mary felt like she spent an eternity waiting for something to happen. She didn't want to be seen, but she knew it was inevitable.  It was driving her crazy to get closer and closer to these other people.  She knew they would see her naked, and every moment she had to wait just built her nerves of up more. 

Mary passed the halfway point.  Someone in the group though caught Mary's movement.  His quick glance over quickly verified that he did see someone.  His eyes grew wide as he saw the very naked Mary walking.  Mary too noticed his head jerk towards her.  She hadn't taken her eyes off them once since starting this crazy walk! 

Then before he even got a chance to fully comprehend what was going on, he declared to his gathered friends "dudes, look over there!" all at once their heads turned, and just like him their eyes widened as the naked Mary, illuminated in the light, stood standing naked, only her arms able to hide anything from their sight. 

Mary herself stopped as she heard him say those words.  She knew then she was no longer sneaking past them naked.  This now marked the moment she would be streaking past them.  Yet that was too much for her at once.  She could feel time crawl as each of their heads turned slowly.  She knew that their eyes were instantly swarming every inch of skin she had on show.  She knew they were probably trying to sort out why a girl was walking naked in a parking lot so late at night. 

No one made a move for awhile it seemed.  The group probably had their fair share of questions, and Mary forgot what to do. 

Mary's face felt like it was on fire.  She could swear her heart was beating faster than a hummingbird's wings.  She wanted to get away, but her feet wouldn't take her anywhere.  Even if she could move though, there was no immediate cover. 

"They key!" Mary tried telling herself.  It was too late now to give up after all.  They had now seen her, so she might as well do what she came to do. 

She started to move again, in the same straight path to the key's hiding spot.  Whenever she glanced towards her watchers, she saw their eyes following her.  She knew there was no escaping their site for this whole ordeal now. 

"What is she doing?" one of the guys asked. 

Mary wanted to say something, but when she opened her mouth to speak, she could only gasp.  She hadn't even realized she was holding her breath. Not to mention the embarrassment was causing her to completely clam up. She wasn't use to this kind of embarrassment.  Her other embarrassments usually had an excuse.  She could always at least blame Julie or Jenny when it came down to it.  Now she only had herself to blame.  She essentially chose to walk naked here! 

"Hey, what's going on honey?" asked one of the girls of the group.  She sounded a little concerned actually. 

Mary remembered her story.  "It's a bet." She managed to say, but it came out like a squeak.  Mary could feel her blush spreading too as she talked to them.  Acknowledging their presence by talking to them was making this all too real! 

They all accepted her answer seemingly.  Mary's head continued to race as she approached the point where she would be closest to them.  They were only a few mere steps away from her. 

She was also getting closer to the key.  Even though she was now closer to it then she had been the whole adventure so far, she still felt like she had a long ways to go. 

She heard one of them say something like, "Wow," but she wasn't sure who or why.  Did they think she was crazy?  Were they impressed?  Was it just because they liked seeing naked girls? 

As she got closer and closer now to the potted plant with her key, Mary knew her butt was probably the thing their eyes were going to focus most on, being the thing that she left uncovered. 

"Well I gotta say, you have guts to be walking around town naked!" One of the girls said. 

"Yeah, it's totally cool!" one of the guys added. 

Even if they were complimenting her, Mary couldn't help but feel even more embarrassed.  She wished they would just ignore her or something! 

Mary approached the potted plant.  She looked down at it.  She almost wanted to tell herself she finally hit the halfway point, but she knew that she had to actually have the key first.  Knowing she couldn't get it the way she was now, she slowly removed the hand from between her legs.  She hoped since she was turned partially away from the group, she wouldn't be showing anything. 

Mary then crouched down and used her newly free hand to start sifting through the dirt for the key she hid.  She knew full well the group now had a perfect side view of her.  With only one arm to cradle her breast, they probably could see the swell of her breast.  She also knew thanks to being slightly titled away, her butt would also be on view.  Bare skin head to toe, and she wasn't able to hide any of it as she crouched there in front of them. 

"What are you doing now?" One of them asked Mary. 

Mary didn't want to talk to them, but it wasn't like Mary to ignore an honest question.  "Searching for a key." 

"A key for what?" 

"My car," Mary said, although she was about ready to kick herself.  She shouldn't be telling them this much information.  The less they knew the better! 

"You're locked naked out of your car?!" Mary wondered if they had to remind her of that!  "How far are you parked?" 

Mary had found the key finally.  This was it, now she wasn't locked out of her car anymore.  She could get in it and get dressed!  Mary didn't even think to how to answer the question. 

Grasping her keys tightly in a fist, she put that fist between her legs as she got up and began the walk back.  All she could say to the group was "Sorry about all this!" and start jogging away. 

"Don't be sorry hun, we welcome the added excitement," one of the girls explained. 

"Yeah totally cool and hot!" one of the guys shouted.  Mary was already half way across the parking lot.  Her face hadn't once stopped burning during the entire ordeal, and she didn't want to wait around. 

Keeping a fast pace, Mary was able to cross the road to where her initial hiding spot was.  She had dropped her hands from covering herself since she was now a distance away from the group.  She would have stopped to hide behind the bush, but she knew that the group would see her hide there, and she didn't want them following her. 

So she ran around the bend, ready to just end the night.  Her heart was still racing.  Those many moments in front of multiple people, her body so bare and exposed! 

Mary's thrill wasn't done yet though.  Thanks to her trying to make a quick getaway, she didn't even see the car that was coming her way from the subdivision until it was too late. 

Mary was only quick enough to cover up by the time she was actually running past the car.  The person driving, his lights brightly shining on her as she turned the corner, surely was able to get at least a second's worth of time for a glance anywhere over her body. 

Mary kept running, but her hands again covering herself.  The car had slowed to the stop, and Mary could only assume the driver probably was looking back at her.  Mary wasn't sure what to do now.  She now had just a long straight road to travel.  If she ducked behind the tree cover, the driver would see and might come searching for her. 

"Oh god, whoever that was saw me naked!" Mary thought about the full frontal nudity the driver was rewarded.  It wasn't even like she was suddenly stripped of her clothes or anything.  No, she was probably seen as a streaker.  No chance to explain anything. 

She wouldn't be able to hide in the forest, but maybe she could hide near the houses.  The driver wouldn't be able to follow her back there, and he may even think that she lived in one of them!  Mary didn't have time to think if this was a good idea or not.  She was in a panic and wanted to hide. 

So without much more thought than that, Mary ran across the road.  She only glanced once at the car, and only was able to see that it still hadn't moved yet. 

Mary was now swiftly walking across a stranger's front yard until she was between two different houses and escaping to the backyard.  She rounded the back corner of one of the houses and rested her back against the back side of the house.  She slid down it and just sat on the ground, trying to catch her breath. 


Part 4 

Mary made sure she still had the key in her hand, and she did.  She couldn't believe all that just happened.  From the group of kids watching her walk across the parking lot naked, to someone in a car seeing her running naked down the street. 

Mary's heart wasn't about to slow down any time soon.  She was trying to sort out what happened.  She couldn't get the idea that so many people in a short amount of time so much of her. 

Mary wasn't surprised by how embarrassed she was.  She really would think that she would only be embarrassed, but there was something more to it all. 

The hand with the key, the one that was between her legs, it actually had moisture on it.  Mary had to check herself.  She found her nipples were achingly hard, and when she tried touching her pussy directly, she flinched due to how sensitive she was down there. 

During the whole experience, she had been too embarrassed, scared, and full of adrenaline to notice, but now that she was somewhat safe and by herself in this backyard, her arousal was all too noticeable.  Mary was honestly surprised.  She knew that in the past this type of stuff gave her a thrill, but it still was so bizarre to her. 

Mary began breathing deeply as she again tried to explore her body.  He shook as a finger tip crossed over her clit.  She didn't even realize it had started to stick out.  Her body was aching and begging for her.  Only after the adrenaline rush wore away could she notice all this.  She knew her body was asking her to just take care of business, even out here in a stranger's backyard.  The idea was tempting, but something stopped her. She had her key now, and she could end the night finally.  She knew her body wanted something different, but she didn't want to risk anything more. She had her night's fill, and it was time to leave. 

She shakily got back onto her feet and looked around.  She hadn't even taken her surroundings in yet.  She was surrounded by a bunch of houses. She couldn't believe just moments ago she was comfortable with taking a break here and even masturbating.  At least 6 houses would over look her, and who knows what night owls would be lucky enough to peak out their windows! 

Mary scurried across the yard she was in so she could try to sneak out to the road.  As she did though, a light turned out, making her gasp loudly as she just stopped and tried covering up. 

"Stupid motion light!" Mary said as she noticed it was just somebody's light over their back door.  Mary quickly got away from it and began to sneak to the front yard. 

Mary looked up and down the road from between the two houses.  As soon as she was sure it was clear again, she jogged her way back to her planned path. 

So much had just happened that she wasn't sure if she could trust the path she was on.  Before while walking to her car, she was having fun exposing herself a little, since she was sure no one was around.  Now though Mary knew some people were up, and at any moment she might not be alone. 

Her body still ached though.  She knew she wasn't home safe yet, but that only made things worse.  She did her best to keep her arms crossed below her breast, so she wouldn't be too tempted to try anything.  "It's so damn embarrassing.  I shouldn't have to try so hard to force myself not to do THAT!" Mary thought.  She didn't get why her body betrayed her like this. Surely she wouldn't tell Jenny or Julie about it either when she told this tale to them. 

She didn't even know how she would tell them.  She would be embarrassed enough to tell them she came up with this on her own.  Would she tell them about her playing with her clothing after hiding the key?  Would she tell them how she was seen by all those people?  What about her giving up on waiting and just exposing herself to that group?  She didn't know what she would do.  Part of the driving force of the night was to try and impress them, but she didn't know if she should be proud or embarrassed about some of the stuff that had happened. 

The road she was walking was quickly approaching the park though.  The night was growing old, and she had gone a very far distance it seemed. Mary's confidence was growing back now that she was so close, and all the hard parts were behind her.  She had now gone almost the entire length of road without seeing anyone. 

Mary was about to give into her urges, but some rational part of her brain stopped her.  She could wait till she got out of this mess.  She wasn't about to let it control her.  It would be far too embarrassing anyways to admit here and now that this was exciting her. 

Mary turned and entered the park, the same empty park where it all began that night.  She could almost see her car on the other end. 

Mary slowed as she walked under an overhead light.  "It's over I suppose," she thought as she closed her eyes. 

She had been naked for what seemed for so long.  She had walked a distance that seemed so far.  Now she stood naked, and just soaked it in. She admitted it wasn't too bad when she wasn't being seen. 

She spread her arms and legs; she wanted for one last moment feel her nakedness in the cold night breeze.  She wanted to have one lasting moment. She knew it was odd of her, but it just felt like the thing to do. 

When Mary opened her eyes though, the moment changed moods quickly. Standing down the path from her was someone with their dog on a leash.  The dog and woman just stared at Mary, who still was standing with her legs and arms out. 

Mary shrieked as she wrapped her arms around herself and just began running for her car.  It was a bit too much for her and she was now defiantly read to go home.  The woman said nothing as she watch Mary run past her.  Mary didn't even look at her as she got into her car, and started it up.  She didn't waste time to dress and just left. 

"Oh god, I can't believe it.  Why did I let myself do that?!" Mary asked herself as she drove away.  She wasn't concerned with her naked driving for awhile.  Once she was far enough away she did stop to put her shirt and pants on.  "This is the last time I do this on my own!" Mary told herself as she headed for home. 

"Everything, she saw everything," Mary was almost back at the dorms. She stopped the car before getting back.  She eased her pants lowers as she relaxed in her car.  She knew this was crazy, and she couldn't stop blushing, but something had to be attended to their and then, there was no more waiting.  She kicked her shoes and pants off her legs and put them at the side as she let her fingers do as they pleased. 

"Never again, I can't let this happen again..." Mary moaned.  Even through her gasps and moans, she was still trying to fight it all too some extent.  She didn't want to let herself get herself into a situation like this.  She didn't want to let herself lock herself out naked in public. She also didn't want to admit that she was enjoying herself more than ever, bottomless in her car, parked in an empty parking lot not far from her college. 

Even after she let go and went over the edge, she wasn't ready to accept it all, but something told Mary her adventures were far from over! 

The End