Paula was startled out of her doze by the sound of her own voice. It was coming from the television – she opened her eyes to see an episode of Hey Paula playing out before her. On the television, she was crying while her assistants looked on uncomfortably and kept their mouths closed.

God. What a train wreck that had been. At the time, it had seemed like her ticket back into the good graces of Hollywood. Everyone had a reality show. Even Tyra Banks had become mega-successful and there was no way Paula was crazier than that lady. So why had her seven episodes from hell crashed and burned so severely?

She knew – bad editing, bad timing, and bad people. She'd fired almost all her staff and was trying it out the old fashioned way. One manager and one personal assistant. Randy had found her the new girl, Lauren. Paula had snatched her up. Lauren was turning out to be perfect. She was ambitious, young, organized and willful. Instead of keeping quiet and giving into Diva behavior (which, Paula could admit, happened every now and then), Lauren kept Paula focused on what was best for her career in a very no-nonsense manner.

Paula watched herself cry and shout on the show and groaned. She didn't even remember that day thanks to insomnia and new pain medication. People didn't understand chronic pain, they didn't understand that it was a daily slog and that getting her body back to the level of functioning she was at had taken years. It was something she still worked at. She shut off the television angrily and lay back in bed in the darkness. It was past midnight according to the clock on the nightstand. That was another thing Lauren had insisted on – enough sleep.

"I'm not sure how your sleeping patterns were before," Lauren had said in an obvious reference to the disastrous reality show, "but we're not going to be exhausted anymore."

Paula had tapered off the pain medication and started Pilates in a more holistic approach to pain management and it was actually working. She was even dancing again. And, of course, the sleep helped, too. Things were really looking up. In the morning, Lauren was coming to help her pack for San Diego where a new season of American Idol was set to kick off and she really was excited. Randy had promised to bring some demos for her and having the routine of Idol would put this whole mess behind her.

Feeling confident, she let herself relax into sleep.

oooo

Paula was showered and dressed when Lauren arrived with the Starbucks. Lauren was talking on her phone when she let herself into the house. Paula waved to her from the kitchen. It was another thing about Lauren that Paula liked. She wasn't star struck and hadn't been from day one. She had a degree in Public Relations and Paula had gambled by hiring someone right out of college but Paula knew she'd made the right choice. Lauren shut her phone and smiled.

"Hi," she said. "Here's your drink."

Paula took the offered cup and sipped it. It was decaf, of course, another Lauren rule that had drastically improved her sleeping pattern.

"Thanks," Paula said.

"Okay, first let's pack and hit the road and I can give you a schedule run down in the car," Lauren said already heading up the stairs. Paula shrugged and followed, basking in the feeling of being organized for once.

Packing was always difficult.

"We're taking two suitcases," Lauren said. "And maybe, MAYBE, a small one for shoes but it's only two days and a few hours away."

"I know," Paula said. "It's not a crime to be indecisive."

Lauren said nothing but Paula could tell by the look on her face that Lauren was pretty sure it was a crime. Lauren had organized her closets early on in her tenure. She'd rearranged everything so that new things went into one closet, Paula's personal, daily wardrobe into another, and she archived pieces that Paula loved and wanted to hang onto but wouldn't wear again.

After spending twenty minutes going through the new closet, they finally decided on what to bring and Paula finished putting on her make-up while Lauren hauled everything off into the car. In the past, she would have taken a hired car, but they were expensive and, as Lauren pointed out, bad for the environment.

"Green is big now," Lauren had explained, making her case for a smaller car that guzzled less gas. "Not only is it important, but it's popular. It can only help your reputation." Lauren drove a lot of the time now, when she could. Paula still insisted on a limo, or at least an SUV with tinted windows, from the hotel to the auditions. It wouldn't do for Randy and Simon to show up in style and her in a normal car.

Lauren drove while Paula went through emails and responded to messages on her phone. The traffic on the 101 wasn't bad but once they hit the 5, everything slowed down.

"Are we going to be late?" Paula asked, glad for the tinted windows (she'd insisted on that, at least) when she saw the car next to her trying to peer into the sleek, black Mercedes with no success.

"Fashionably, perhaps," Lauren admitted. "I think there's an accident up there."

"As long as we beat Simon," Paula muttered. His inability to be on time to anything bugged her.

"I'll do my best, boss," Lauren said, merging into the carpool lane. "Are you excited?"

"I guess," Paula said, adjusting her oversized sunglasses. "I can't believe it's season seven already."

"I know," Lauren said. "I remember watching season one in high school."

"Now I feel like your grandmother, thanks," Paula said. Lauren smiled but didn't apologize. She wasn't one for platitudes. Paula didn't mind. She really believed Lauren wanted the best for her. And even though the fact that she worked for Paula Abdul never ruffled her feathers, when Paula had snuck a peek at Lauren's ipod, she'd found a few of her own hits on the playlist.

When they were about halfway there, the radio station announced a flashback set list topped off by one of her songs. The first few notes of Straight Up came from the speakers. From the corner of her eye, Paula saw Lauren stiffen. In the last several months, Lauren had driven Paula all over southern California and never had one of Paula's songs come on the radio. Paula wondered what she would do.

"Well," Lauren said finally, clearly at a loss.

"I'm a flashback," Paula said, shrugging.

"I don't think..."

"I haven't had a hit in over ten years," Paula interrupted. "I'm aware of this."

"You've been very successful on American Idol," Lauren said dutifully. "I can change the station."

"No," Paula said, leaning her head back against the seat dramatically. "Let me relive my glory days." She started to sing along with the second chorus. Lauren started to laugh.

"Surreal. Paula Abdul in stereo."

At the hotel, Paula went to her room to get ready for the meeting while Lauren went off to pick up additional outfits from the designer for shooting the next morning, in case Paula changed her mind about what they'd brought along and decided she wanted to borrow something. The last meeting before shooting started on a new season was always dull and she wasn't looking forward to it in the least. After six successful seasons, they had really gotten things down to a science. Making everyone sit through a two-hour rundown was just mean, in her opinion.

Still, when the Lincoln towncar arrived to pick her up, she went off to the site resigned to a long few hours. They had made the mistake of staying at the same hotel they filmed at in the first season. Never again would they stick around to be mobbed. The shooting hotel was already swarming with Idol employees readying the location for 10,000 people to arrive. Some were already there in sleeping bags and chairs, wanting to be first in line. She waved as she got out of the sleek black car and made her way toward the meeting room.

"Sorry I'm late," she said, dipping her head a little as she took her seat. "Still beat Simon, though."

"His flight is delayed," Randy said. "Won't be here until tonight."

Paula felt a little pang of unexpected disappointment. She saw Randy occasionally during hiatus but Simon went back to England and as crazy as he made her sometimes, she did miss him in spite of herself.

Paula sat through the meeting, her attention drifting in and out. No one said anything new. Lauren had shown her the travel itinerary for auditions a month ago and flights were already booked. It was exhausting, the traveling for audition episodes, but in some ways, it was her favorite part. At least it made a few months interesting.

"Want to go to dinner?" Randy asked her, bringing her focus back to the room.

"Sure," she said, with a smile.

"Good," he said. "I know a place."

Paula called Lauren to let her know of the change of scheduling and soon she was sitting across from Randy in an upscale Mexican restaurant. She ignored the few onlookers. The restaurant had been very accommodating in giving them privacy so it wasn't too bad.

"I can't believe Simon missed the meeting," Paula said, feeling a little bitter that she'd had to sit through it. She played with the straw in her ice water and sighed. "That's so like him."

"I'm not saying he's Nostradamus but, even Simon can't be blamed for weather delays," Randy laughed.

"I guess," she said. "I just never know what to expect from him. Well, besides rudeness, tardiness, and a boring wardrobe."

"Uh," said Randy. "Are you okay? You usually don't start hating Simon until he arrives in the country."

"I don't know," she shrugged. "I just have a feeling that he's going to get under my skin more than ever this season."

"Enough about Cowell," Randy said, leaning in to change the subject. "Let's talk about your comeback."

Now this was a subject Paula could get behind and Simon wasn't brought up for the rest of the evening.

oooo

Paula was watching Randy's latest round of press as she was getting ready for bed. Lauren had left her for the night, reminding her that she was only a phone call away should Paula need anything and to get some sleep so she looked her best on camera in the morning. On the television, the interviewer asked Randy about Paula and Simon.

"Do you think the tension between those two will be better or worse than last season?" On screen, Randy rolled his eyes. He hated answering questions about Paula and Simon and she couldn't exactly blame him. Simon had said something about him not wanting to be the third wheel to their 'love affair' but Paula would much rather be happily married with three kids like Randy than duking it out with Simon all the time.

"I don't know man, they're good friends so we'll see," Randy said evasively. "I guess it just depends on our first meeting. It sort of sets the tone for the whole season."

Paula hadn't thought of it that way, but Randy was sort of right. If Simon stepped onto American soil in a foul mood, they were all doomed. However, if he came ready to woo and impress, the season rolled along without a hitch. She sighed and shut the TV off – yet another aspect of her career that hinged on Simon.

After midnight she still couldn't sleep and it was beginning to frustrate her. The last thing she needed was to appear tired or in any way out of it on camera tomorrow. She reached for her cell phone to call Lauren but then thought better of it. Lauren would only nag her about sleep and make her feel guilty. Maybe Randy was still awake and would be willing to part with some demos. She slipped on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt and snuck out of her room hoping no one would see her without makeup or a polished outfit on as she made her way down the hall. She knocked softly on Randy's door, though she knew he never went to sleep before 1:00 or 2:00am when he was away from his family. The door opened and she saw not Randy but Simon.

"What?" she asked, wondering if she'd gotten the wrong room.

"Come here," he said, smiling and putting his arms around her waist. He pulled her into the room and kicked the door closed. Suddenly she found herself enveloped in Simon's arms, his hug tight and seemingly sincere. "I thought you were asleep or I would have stopped by," he said into the top of her head.

"I thought your flight was messed up," she said, once he let go.

"Just got in," he said, looking at her. "Dear God, is that you without makeup?"

Paula's hands flew to her face. Simon rarely saw the unglamorous version of Paula.

"Shut up," she said.

"What's up baby?" Randy asked, from the couch across the room.

"Couldn't sleep," she said. "Came for the demos. I didn't know you had company."

Simon draped his arm across her shoulder and pulled her back against him.

"I'm knackered," he announced. "I have no bloody idea where I am or what time it is. I'm going to bed. Walk me to my room Ms. Abdul?"

"Um," she said. Simon was not usually this... genial. Even when they were on the same side of the fence, which was increasingly rare these days.

"I'll have the songs for you in the morning," Randy promised. "Goodnight guys."

Simon grabbed her hand and they made their way down the deserted hotel hallway toward, presumably, his suite.

"You okay?" Paula asked. They'd not left on the friendliest of terms – there had been talks, she knew, of replacing her and that had hurt. But apparently time and space really did heal all.

"Yep," he said. They walked past her room and she glanced at the door longingly. She should have never left her bed. He stuck the card into the slot and opened the door. His bags were at the foot of the bed, still untouched. He pointed to a chair and she sat carefully, watching him turn on lights and orient himself with the room. "So," he said, sitting on the mattress facing her. "Let's hear about your summer."

"Now?" she asked.

"I may be tired, but I'm not going to sleep any time soon," he promised. Jet-lag always made Simon either loopy or cranky. Easy to tell which tonight.

"I got a new assistant," she said, shrugging.

"Another one? How big is your entourage now?" he asked.

"I fired them. You didn't read about my crazy antics in the tabloids? How I blamed my help for all my problems and unfairly let them all go?" she asked.

"Nope," he said.

"Well I did. I just have one new girl now," she said, feeling satisfied.

"Is she pretty?" he asked, wriggling his eyebrows suggestively.

"Yes," Paula said, giving him a dirty look. "And too good for you."

"Doubtful."

"How is Terri these days?" she asked. Paula almost never asked after Simon's statuesque girlfriend. There was an unspoken agreement to leave significant others out of their conversations, but sometimes he needed a reminder to behave.

"Fine," Simon snapped. "She's..." He shook his head as if to say never mind.

"What?" Paula prodded. She and Terri weren't exactly best friends but she did have a soft spot for Simon and if he wanted to open up, she wanted to listen.

"She was going to come and then changed her mind at the last second," he said. "It was just... odd."

"Well, she'll show up later, I'm sure," Paula said.

"I don't think so," said Simon. "I really think she's going to skip the entire season."

"Are you two okay?" she asked, not sure if she really wanted to hear the answer.

"The same as ever," Simon said. Paula knew that wasn't always the best thing.