Valerie And The Carousel
by applevalyan

Valerie's trip to an amusement park.

One day back in the summer of 1972, Valerie and I were dating and had just become engaged, I was 20 and Val was 19 yrs. old. I was in the 'Air Force' and she was a local girl. She was a beautiful girl with shoulder length brunette hair and a nice figure. The first time I met her she was wearing jean short-shorts and a tight light blue t-shirt, braless! I could see her nipples through the material of that t-shirt. I soon found out she enjoyed going braless in public.

Do any of you readers remember the sizzler-skirts and dresses of the early 70's?

Well, these skirts and dresses were only crotch length. I guess you could call them short tennis skirts, except they came in a wide variety of colors and patterns and the panty that went with them matched the skirt. Valerie wore a couple she owned while we were dating. One of them the panty was separate from the skirt and the other the panty and skirt shared the same waistband. I liked those skirts because everytime she bent over, she easily showed her pantied behind since the skirt was so short. I ended up buying her a couple more before we got married and I found out Valerie never wore underwear under the matching panty. Her reason was she thought it was stupid wearing two pair of underwear at the same time. So when she flashed the panty of her sizzler-skirt, it was her panties she was showing.

Valerie made a suggestion one day that she and I should take a short trip north to Montreal, Canada and go to an amusement park she knew of up there. She told me she hadn't been there since she was around eleven years of age and that one of her friends in school mentioned it was still open and that her friend had been surprised at how much fun she had there.

Well we did just that a couple weeks later. The weatherman had promised it to be a beautiful, sunny day with temperatures in the mid to upper 70's. Val and I left our home about 9am for the one hour trip north into Canada. She came out of the bedroom wearing the new halter style sizzler-dress we found. She liked it so I bought her a couple days earlier just for this trip. The dress was pretty yellow and it looked good on her, set off by her shoulder length brunette hair. It was deep plunged in front to below her breast, almost to her belly-button. I mentioned it was thin enough to see the darkness of her nipples and she said that it would be alright, she was used to people seeing them when she wore her thin t-shirts braless. And since it was a sizzler-dress, it was only crotch length. Val's dress came with a matching yellow panty. When she put it on in the store to see if it fit, I noticed she didn't even have to bend over for me to see the bottom cheeks of her pantied ass, it was that short. Val and I both liked the dress so I bought it for her.

When we got to Montreal and the park, I noticed a flash of white from under Val's dress not the yellow I was expecting to see a lot that day. I told her I seen white instead of yellow under her skirt and asked why? She said the material of the panty was baggy, didn't fit her right and felt kind-of stiff on her ass and she didn't like how it felt so she decided to wear plain panties instead. I told her she would probably be showing her panties a hundred times to strangers that day and how did she fill about that. She told me that she decided she just wouldn't worry about it. She said it wouldn't be the first time people had seen her underwear. She claimed that she knows a lot of boys had seen her underwear in school since she had been wearing short dresses and skirts to school for years and that now it just didn't bother her much anymore. She then asked me how I would fill about strangers seeing her pantied ass in public. I smiled and kissed her as I told her, "You know I love it when you flash your ass or tits to strangers so I think I'm going to enjoy today."

She than gave me a naughty smile and said, "Then you are going to love this." She turned and lifted up the back of her very short flared skirt and showed me her tiny, white cotton, string bikini panties with half her ass showing. "I woke up a little horny this morning and I felt like being naughty today. I also felt like showing my ass a lot today. I almost wore the sheer panties you bought me but I felt that maybe that might me a little too much. But I think I can get away with wearing these sexy panties up here in Montreal today since I've heard a person can get away with showing off a lot more up here than back home."

I agreed with her there, up here in Canada you can get away wearing a lot less than back home in the states. Every once in a while I can see titties on the TV even in the daytime on Canadian TV. So I guess we could consider the sizzler-dress was now a micro-mini halter-dress!

Anyway, if my wife wants to wear some tiny underwear that hundreds of people will probably see today, under her extremely short halter-dress, who am I to complain. I'm sure I'll have a hard-on most of the day because of it and that I'm sure Val will be one horny lady by the time we leave. I'm looking forward to a great day! As we walked towards to ticket booths, I could already see Val's almost bare ass peeking out from beneath the hem of her dress, OH Yea! I'm already getting hard from watching her ass swish back and forth!

After we entered the park, I was noticing the guys checking out my wife's ass and instead of getting pissed at them; I found it a bit exciting letting them see the bottom cheeks of her ass. I also noticed there were quite a few girls running around in sizzler-skirts there that day because I often seen their matching panties showing from under those skirts. I then wondered if any of them dared wear regular underwear under those little skirts like my wife was now doing.

Val and I walked around the park checking it out and making our plans as to what rides we wanted to ride when we came upon a Carousel. She said she just had to ride it. She remembered riding it a lot and enjoying it when she came here last. When Val climbed upon a shiny black horse, the bottom of her dress rose above the elastic band of her panties as she sat down. I was a little surprised when she made no attempt to pull her dress back down. It was also then when I noticed how her nipples were hard and pushing hard points from under her halter-top and about half of her right breast was showing.

I leaned over to her and whispered, "I looks like my girlfriend is a bit horny already. Is it because you are enjoying showing you panties to everyone in the park? Or is you mind already thinking about fucking me later on?"

She turned to me and smiled as she said, "Both! I never knew letting my panties show would turn me on this much. And you know, I'm always ready for a good fucking. And I also noticed that if I'm not careful, a tit might pop out of my top. I bet you'd like to see that right?"

We rode a couple of the rollercoasters and Val just let the dress do whatever it wanted when she sat in the seat. That usually meant that her panties were in view when the guy or girl came by to check and make sure the bars were down and locked. I have to give it to Val; I don't remember her once pulling down her dress to cover her panties all day. She was enjoying showing her panties and didn't even want to hinder her exhibition of them one bit. Boy, I love this girl! I knew I was getting some pussy that evening! On the second ride of the roller-coaster, I reached over and pulled her right tit from the top. She didn't say a thing or stop me. It was still out when we pulled into the station. I loved the look on the guys' face when he seen her tit, as our car got to him so he could unlock the lap-bar. Val calm as could be, stood up, put it back in, and climbed from the car.

We rode the log flume ride last. We rode it twice. The first time Val got splashed a little and told me she wanted to ride it again and that maybe she would get wetter and make her dress a little see-thru. Also during that first ride, I slipped both hand under her halter and played with her tits as we floated around. Valerie's comment gave me an idea and I planned to help her get wet. Since she rode in front of me between my legs, all I had to do was reach into the water and splash her or cup her tits with handfuls of water. The first time I did it, it surprised her and she told me to do it again. I splashed and played with tits many times during the ride and was surprised how much I had wet her and me. That yellow dress was totally see-thru, from neck to hem. I could easily see her breast and nipples thru the top and her panties under the skirt part. Val kissed and told me she liked what I did to her dress and that it was probably time we headed home because she didn't think the park would like her walking around almost naked the rest of the day even if she would enjoy doing it.

On the way out she said she needed to pee so we headed to the nearest bathroom. When she came out, I noticed the dress seemed wetter than when she went in and I couldn't see her panties though the dress anymore. She walked up to me and kissed me as she put something in my hand. All she said to me was, "Would you please carry these for me, I don't like wearing wet panties." On the way out, she kept hugging on me and grabbing my crotch telling me she could wait for me to give that to her. Then we pasted by the Carousel again and again she wanted to ride it. Only this time she was pantiless under a very short halter-dress. This time, she was a bit more careful as she straddled the horse. I stood and watched as she pasted and each time she pasted me, she showed me something different. One time she lifted up her skirt and showed me her completely bare ass. The next time she pulled her halter to one side and bared a whole breast to me. The next time she pulled the top apart and bared both tits to me. The last time, she stood up on the horse and lifted her skirt to her waist and showed me and anyone looking at her, everything below her waist.

When she got off, she ran up to me and said, "Find someplace to fuck me, please!" as she gave me a big kiss. I did like I normally did because I knew she liked me doing it, I reached around her and grabbed her ass, only to find the skirt up and it was completely bare. Not 100ft away we came upon a family restroom. It was empty and she pulled me in there. As I locked the door, I saw her bending over the sink and lifting the back of her skirt. I pulled down my shorts and did what she wanted me to do to her.

As we cleaned up a bit, we left and quickly headed to the exit. We hurried to my Plymouth Duster and got in the back seat. Valerie had her wet dress off before I even climbed in the car. She instantly pulled my shorts pulled them down and off. She had her mouth around my dick before I got my shirt off. As soon as she had it hard enough, she climbed in my lap and stuffed my cock deep inside her. People kept walking past the back of my car in that parking lot as Val rode my cock but that didn't stop us, it just fueled our fire. We were both able to cum quickly since we were both worked up again after our walk to the car, Valerie had a hand inside my shorts most of the walk back. Val licked my dick clean and I put my shorts back on only and got out of there before any cops showed up.

Val said she wanted to remain naked in the backseat for the ride home but that didn't last long. As I was driving south on I-85 in Canada, she climbed over the seat naked and stayed that way until just before the border crossing. She was able to pull her wet dress back on but as soon as we pulled away from the border, the wet dress came back off. Val laid her dress out flat across the dash hoping it would dry off before we got home. She then had another surprise for me, she unbuttoned my shorts and pulled out my dick and began sucking on it. She loved sucking my cock. She didn't stop until she swallowed the load of cum I shot into her mouth.

Then she put her head in my lap and fell asleep naked until we got home. As she was asleep flat on her back and naked, I took my time and played with her tits as I drove south. I know many big trucks seen Valerie naked as I played with my wife's tits as I slowly pasted them. I found I enjoyed showing her off this way and I doubt very little if she would have complained about it. When I told her what I did on the ride down the next day, she told me she would like to be awake the next time we did it so she could enjoy it as well.
