Author: Linard ignius

Title: My slutty Putul 

Part: Ch. 2 Club Marionette

Universe: Dolcett (Eastern spices) 

Summary: I take mom out for dinner, drinks and a show. Just a normal dinner date... right?

Keywords: MF,M+F, inc, mother, son, rom, DP, BBC, Body Modification, tort, snuff, exhib


Disclaimer: This a work of complete fantasy set in another world. If that is not apparent to you, then you need urgent psychiatric help. I do not condone violence towards other humans.

This story contains all manners of violence, torture and deviancies, if that is not your cup of tea, I suggest you turn back now.

--------------------------------------------



It was 6:50 when I knocked on the closed door of my mother's bedroom. I heard a 
shaky "come in!" from inside. I opened the door with a little trepidation in my heart, I 
wasn't completely sure what I was going to find inside. I was half relieved and half 
surprised to see mom sitting on the bed, looking finer than I had ever seen her before. 
She was wearing a half-transparent, light-blue chiffon saree which clearly showed off her 
bellybutton and her massive tits barely contained in the light blue deep neck blouse, 2 
sizes smaller than required. She had also let her hair down and put on makeup (she 
nearly always didn't). I walked over to my mom and putting my hand below her chin, 
gently pointed her head up at me. The best part about it all were her eyes, her 
beautiful hazel colored eyes were only further accentuated by the prominent mascara 
that she was wearing. Seeing the brand new beauty in front me, my heart had started 
thumping in my chest. I saw a little smudge at the corner of her eyes, tears maybe? 
That, combined with the slight tremble of her body told me that she was scared. 

I reached down and kissed her lips lightly and said "You look stunning mom, I am the 
luckiest damn son in the history of all mankind." That put a little smile on her face, 
which turned into feigned annoyance in a few moments, pushing me away and saying "Is 
that how a son kisses his mother, Gaurav?" I took her hand in mine bringing them up 
to my face. I kissed it and said, "When she is as beautiful as you, yes." She got up and 
left, looking back only after leaving the room, her face completely flushed red and said 
"Aren't we getting late? We should go." 

The drive was almost silent, gathering clouds blotted out any and all natural light from 
the moon and stars. As I drove us through the dark desolate streets, away from the 
hustle and bustle of the city, mom asked, "Where are we going, hun?" to which I 
replied "You'll know when we reach there". I took another look into the rearview 
mirror which I had angled on my mom's overflowing breasts. She was slightly taken 
aback when we finally reached the parking at club marionette. "A pub Gaurav? I am not 
sure I should..." I quieted her down with a finger on her lips and a stern look, told her 
"We are going inside." Speechless by the sudden change in my demeanor, she followed 
me into the loud blaring club despite her reluctance. 

I had already booked a booth for us ahead of time, so we were seated as soon we got 
in. A server served us a bottle of wine and welcomed us into their establishment. Mom 
was quite shell shocked for a while, the pub had flashing lights on the dance floor and 
blaring loud EDM music on the speakers.  Mom looked quite shell-shocked for a few 
minutes, her jaw hanging she was taking in the surroundings, she had been to a few bars 
on some rare occasions, but had never been in a place like this before. The most 
surprising thing, for her, were the people. Most of the crowd filling the club was young, 
wearing leather, with multiple body piercings and modifications. Especially the women, 
some of whom were leashed and even engaged in overt sexual acts in plain sight, which 
frankly, nobody seemed to give a shit about. 

"Here mom," I said, holding her glass up to her face, "Drink up, we need to talk". This 
time she took the drink without much protest and started sipping it. "First things 
first Mom," I started, "You know that I love you, right?" I said staring into those 
lovely eyes of hers. "Yes honey I know," she said quietly. "And that, mom, will never 
change. Not in a million years." I said, holding her hand in mine. "I have three weeks 
before I have to go. I almost don't want to, the thought of leaving you seems..." I 
stopped, trying to hold back my own emotions, "It's almost... impossible." Looking up 
at her, I could see tears starting to form in her eyes. I looked into those silvery brown 
oceans of beauty and wiped a tear off the right one. I inched closer to her in our 
booth, getting right next to her, I kissed her eye. She had closed them and was 
seemingly enjoying the attention, I trailed my way down her face using my lips and gave 
her neck a small lick. A sharp intake of breath perked up her tightly bound boobs, with 
that resulting in a similar effect on my blue balled cock.

I brought my lips close to her ears and said "Mom I know what you want." She 
immediately tensed up, I grabbed her massive tight breasts from over her saree and 
squeezed. I said "Relax mom, I have dreamt about doing those things to you for a long 
time myself." Smirking at her frightened expression. "What did you see?" she asked, 
her voice clearly trembling. "Everything mom, I saw it all, the torture videos, the 
fetish pictures, the body modification, the snuff... stories." I said, looking at her 
carefully. I could see she was about to break down crying. I grabbed her by her hair, 
turned her face towards me and started frenching her. 

She gave in completely. Kissing her then was definitely one of the highlights of my life, 
she smelled heavenly, and the sensation of her hot wet tongue against mine was driving 
me crazy. I drove into her lusty inviting mouth like a coyote digging for his prey. 
Because of our position, mom ended up eating most of our combined saliva even as she 
responded to me in kind, using her sweet and soft tongue to carefully lick the inside of 
my teeth and gums before wrestling with my own tongue which was trying to snake 
into her throat. When we dislodged a few minutes later, she was breathing heavily, her 
tightened tits expanding and contracting with every breath. I pulled down the pallu of 
her saree from her shoulders completely exposing her tightly held breasts within the 
small blouse. She was glaring at me, looking all cute and distressed.
I put my hand over her puffed up cleavage slowly trying to snake my hand inside her 
blouse. She grabbed my hand and said "Not here hun'... Please..." looking fearful again. I 
nudged her face to the front while sucking on the supple, slightly sweaty neck and said, 
"Don't worry mom, just look." She opened her eyes, and saw that the stage in front 
had gone considerably dimmer with a spotlight in the middle pointed on a heavy looking 
old wooden chair with bits of metals and wires sticking out of it. A young girl in her 
20s wearing nothing but a very thin silk robe walked into the spotlight and bowed her 
head towards the strange audience. Nobody clapped, it was pin drop silence in the 
entire club. I nibbled on mom's neck and started to insinuate my fingers in the tight 
space between her boobs and her bra.

Mom watched in shocked awe as the petit dark skinned woman disrobed, revealing a slim 
figure with small A-cup boobs and a toned body. What drew everyone's attention, 
however, were the large number of piercings and tattoos that adorned the girl's body. 
Both her arms and legs were completely covered by, what seemed like, thorny vines 
swirling up from the back of her hands all the way up her shoulders, then turning 
around and flowering into black roses on her breasts. Piercings adorned her entire body. 
Any place that could be pierced, was. From the quadruple cross piercings elongating her 
nipples, to the huge nasal septal piercing with two big horns jutting out of her nostrils, 
to her eyebrows, her bellybutton, her cunt, EVERYTHING had been pierced. The sides 
of her head were shaved bald, with the words "PAIN" and "SLUT" tattooed on either 
side; that, with her hair dyed dark pink, she looked like a darker, trashier version of a 
fucked up Miley Cyrus.

She twirled around once, giving us all the full view of her naked body. Mom was 
mesmerized by the sight of the girl, giving me no resistance, when I grabbed her nipple 
from underneath the blouse and pulled it out of its silken prison, exposing her whole tit 
completely. I was caressing her big saggy tit with my hand as we both watched two big 
muscular black guys wearing leather masks approach her from her either side. They were 
both packing huge meat sticks, both thicker than the legs of the tiny woman. They 
approached her from either side and started fondling her entire body roughly, mauling 
her small A-cup tits, stretching and twisting her various piercings. The girl had her arms 
up in the air, letting all this happen to her without protest and also revealing a chain 
of ring piercings under both of her bare-shaven armpits. 

I was practically kneading mom's free breast with my hand and making out with her 
viciously, taking only small breaks to have a sip of our drinks and checking up on the 
star girl. After the two black men had brought her to her first orgasm using their 
fingers, they moved onto the next stage of the show. One grabbed her hands in his 
either hands while the other did the same with her two feet. Thus, she was suspended 
midair, in between the two men, her torso completely horizontal and face facing up 
towards the ceiling. First, they put their huge black dicks on top of her, giving the 
audience a good comparison of the size of their dicks in respect to the petit woman's 
body. I remember mom gasping lightly as she saw the two massive dicks on top of the 
small woman, each more than half the length of the woman's torso. "Oh God! They are 
going to tear that poor girl apart." she said, her eyes wide in horror. I hiked mom's 
saree up to her crotch and before she could respond, reached inside and grabbed her 
panty covered pussy. Doing that, I found that her panties were totally drenched. I 
smiled wide and looked up at mom, she had hidden her face behind her hands again. I 
pulled her hands aside, briefly kissed her quivering lips again and said, "I am so glad you 
are enjoying yourself mother. Now just relax and watch the show." as I resumed 
working on her tit and cunt with my fingers again. 

The two men had lined up their dicks with her mouth and cunt, being suspended as she 
was, there wasn't much room for movement in her part but she did open her mouth as 
far wide as she could, trying to make it easy for the man at her mouth to ravage her 
throat. They entered her together in one go. There was a collective gasp from the 
audience, as the bulge created by the huge cocks in that small body was immediately 
apparent, especially the one in her throat, which seemed to have increased to double its 
size. I entered my mother's hairy furnace with two of my fingers, her sweet and 
steaming pussy was convulsing around them, squeezing them like a vice, god she was 
tight, tighter than I ever imagined she could be. While she looked at the two men using 
that small petit woman's body like a cock-sleeve, completely aghast, I massaged her 
starving cunt, feeling around and inside that burning love-hole. I could feel a long fleshy 
protrusion springing against my stirring fingers at the top of her phenomenal cunt. 
"That must be her clit." I thought, startled at the sheer length of her clitoris. That 
little bugger must have been more than 3cm long! She came soon enough, her head 
flying back as she did, gushing all over my hand. I licked my finger, tasting her salty 
juices, as my own hard cock ached for its long awaited release. "All in due time." I 
thought as I leaned over my mother for another kiss bringing her back to the present.

She came back, to her son's hand in her pussy and his tongue inside her mouth. she 
responded without care now, seemingly no longer worried about appearances. I withdrew 
my tongue from her suckling mouth and smiled at her disheveled face. "Look mom," I 
said, as I pointed her head back towards the stage. The two men were busy pounding 
away at the tiny woman's body, unconcerned, that their combined length had probably 
split her entirely into two. The woman had seemingly passed out, her suspended body 
now limp and floppy in between the cock of her ravagers. After thoroughly filling her 
body with their cum, they threw what was left of her onto the heavy wooden chair 
behind them. Securing the bolts and cuffs, they started connecting wires to the various 
piercings all over the woman's body, running a single, naked copper wires through the 
chains of rings under her armpits. They then connected an electrical cord out of the 
chair to an ancient looking electrical device, with a dial display and a knob.

Looking at my mom, I couldn't help but smirk; utter horror shadowed her pretty face, 
yet her hands were busy, working furiously on her freakishly long clit where I had 
previously stopped. The woman woke up screaming, as the first jolt of electricity ran 
through her body, her scream reverberating through the hall as her body jolted under 
the rusty iron shackles. The first shock was withdrawn in five seconds. We saw her head 
come up a moment before the second shock, the wide smile on her wired-up face was 
unmistakable before it was thrown back for more convulsions and agonized screams. They 
kept increasing the duration of the subsequent shocks, electrocuting the girl for longer 
and longer as time went on.  After ten minutes of this, they let the electricity run 
for three whole minutes, her body jerking around madly, almost in sync with the rapid 
EDM music in the background. During that stretch, the piercings got hot and started 
singing her skin, letting off a somewhat smoky smell, which managed to reach all the 
way to the back, where the booths were. They stopped electrocuting the poor woman 
only when, at the end of three minutes, her elongated right nipple exploded with a 
slight 'pop' seeing which, mom came in another thundering orgasm, drenching the entire 
seat and floor below in her piss and a huge squirt of cum.

As they carried the limp smoking woman away, the server who had been serving us the 
entire evening came up to our table. Mom was lying down on the couch, her body spent 
due to the multiple massive orgasms she had. "I trust the meal was satisfactory, sir" 
said the impeccably dressed man, "Madame seems to have enjoyed the show." He said 
looking down at my mom lying in a puddle of her own cum and piss, one of her huge 
tits hanging out of her blouse. I smiled and said, "Everything was more than 
satisfactory, the entertainment in particular..." I added, "Was exquisite." "Glad to hear 
it sir, here," he said, putting a shiny metallic object on the table, "a complimentary 
gift from club marionette, we do hope to have the pleasure of your company in future 
as well." Looking closer at it, it was a chrome colored nipple clamp with the insignia of 
club marionette engraved on it. Mom was staring quietly at the waiter, her head down 
on the couch, unable to see what he had just placed on the table. "Why, that's 
adorable." I said, "Can you help me out here and put it on her? As you can see, she is 
a bit... indisposed presently." I said, smirking, as mom hid her face back in the cushion. 
"Certainly sir", said the server, reaching over to her exposed breast, he pulled the 
nipple towards him, eliciting a long moan from mom and then secured the clamp right 
at the base of the nipple, tight enough to make her groan at the end.

After giving him a big tip for his services, we went out, the small drizzle had turned 
into a heavy shower by now, seemingly washing away all the trash collected over the 
past seasons. Mom was a bit tipsy from all the drinks, where as I hadn't been drinking 
as much, my attention being focused on mom and the show. As I drove back home, I 
told her not to cover up her one exposed and clamped breast. She complied without a 
single word, giving flashes of her huge tit to the few other drivers passing us by on the 
road. It was almost 11 in the night when we finally reached home. Both of us horny 
beyond our wildest dreams.


====================================

if you are one of the few people who found this story erotic, I would love to hear from you, 
you can reach me at my email id
linard.fire@gmail.com
