Chapter 20

John, Joji and Dink were sitting in Johns office. It was a period of deciding what the next steps were for Hideki. They had sent him a lot of the needed technology, but for sure not everything he would need. The problem they had was building facilities in his world made no sense, as they did not have the raw materials yet to run them. 

Joji was first to step up to the problem. I dont see any need to send things that have no use to them now. He does know where great deposits of iron ore are located. So that will be his metal of choice for the time being. The ability to produce glass is important. We must expect the gate to stay open for many years to come. It has now for 10,000 years we know of. Yes it has moved, but we know how to track that.

John considered his and could not argue with Joji. I would like the aircraft carrier we have sent before to be set up as an engineering support facility. We use the one we put the drop down ramp on now for deliveries. So Davids command ship is the choice. It needs a large item and small item machine shop in it. Buy the machines and as much tooling as can be found to fit the hanger deck. Set up good overhead cranes for the handling of parts. There is going to have to be a crane to off load to a barge below the ship. If they have a good metals lab, machining ability and soon can cast their own parts, they could build most of what they need. I at least would feel better if we did lose the gate. 

Most of the equipment needed is in Japan at the heavy industries sites. They are not open or being used now days. Our bank has claimed two of these sites for lack of loan payments being made. The welding equipment is going to be a key for them. It is something they dont have the ability to do now. Dink was sure John was aware of this.

I seem to remember your sending me data on that equipment now. He pulled the list up and read it over and was smiling. That is exactly what they will need once they can make steel. The plating equipment will be invaluable to them. But can we get this set up on just two hangers decks?

Joji now was sure that John would back off some. I will see that my tech people make it work. There are storage spaces that also are large to use as well. That plants equipment is at a shipyard, so loading the ship will be no problem. With the nuclear reactor they will have power for many years to come. They will use far less power than if underway. But we will supply refueling rods to assure time is on their side.

The meeting broke up and Joji went to send his brother the information. That at least did not require a given time of the month to happen. He worked quickly and made sure all the data was there. Having a good safe anchorage was going to be critical.

As Hideki sat and read the email he had gotten he saw Jojis grand plan. It was brilliant and really very simple. The ship would be his advanced machinery building shop. But he was going to have to make iron and steel to use it. There just was no free lunch any place. 

Storm rolled into to the office and noticed Hideki deep in thought. Am I interrupting you?

No, not at all. Joji is getting another ship ready to come to us. My guess is it will take three months or more before it is ready. It will be our machine shop for building new equipment. He said he would have the machinist needed to run the machines on it included with the ship. So we will be able to train new people to operate that equipment.

I assume that is a good thing? Storm had not understood a thing Hideki said.

For getting off on a tangent I am sorry Storm, as I keep forgetting your lack of knowledge in our world. We use machines to make parts that when assembled work together to perform a task. The elevator coming up here is one type machine we can build. The rifle I shot yesterday is also a type of machine we can build. But enough of things your not yet familiar with. Have you found a plan for us to use short of war to bring people to us?

I think I have a starting point. You need to offer trade, some low technology things and defense agreements with any who come request it. Here is an agreement for rulers to look over and make some basic decision on. He handed Hideki a written sheet of paper.

The paper offered a free pass to enter Hidekis kingdom for a kings or rulers ambassador. He could bring one officer of military leadership and they would be shown Hidekis ability to help them defend their kingdom or country. There was no demands or costs for the representatives being in Hidekis country. Lodging, food and transportation when here would be covered. They could become part of the kingdom, request defensive help or stay as they are now? But for those that decided to stay as they were, no trade would be allowed with other countries belonging to the confederation. 

OK I see your point, as it makes us look like trade is our complete goal. But are the rulers going to buy it?

Some will and some wont. But those we do get will start the process. You had little trouble with the people out as far as my fathers lands. His people need to give copies of these notices away on trading missions. But all those mountain people trade with many other clans in the mountains. It is not nearly as sleepy as it looks. You have made them wealthy and they will want to show off their goods.

This idea of girls being given to seal the relationship with me is going to get out of hand. How do we limit this?

Here and now that cant happen unless we conquer the country. Now if we take the country by force no wife is required. But we will lose some men and that seems like a bad idea right now.

Phillip walked into Hidekis office. We have that old monk you asked us to watch for. He is a real pain in the ass. The man has taken on three different men and fought them. There was no winner or loser each time.

Storm was laughing now. That has had to shock him as he has always won until I beat him. Then Joji beat me badly.

Phillip had slowly started to get to know Storm. The man is very good. But his system is just different from ours. There is no advantage open to either man fighting.

It was that way to start with Joji and I. But he soon found the hole in my style and used it. So I know there is a hole, but not what it is?

Phillip now also was very interested. Is it possible to find out what the hole is sir?

Hideki pulled out the book and opened it to the pages covering the fight. He handed it to Storm and allowed him to read what was said. 

The smile spread on Storms face now. He did not beat me I beat myself according to this. He handed it to Phillip now. As he played the fight over he could see what Joji saw now and it made sense to him.

Phillip saw it also and knew he could teach his men to handle this style. We can learn to adjust to this. Give me another month and every fighting man will be ready for this style. Thank you both for the help. I will have the monk brought to you after he has had time to clean up and eat. Phillip left the office.

He does not know the monk Hideki. He will be here before he washes and eats. You are the Emperor here and he will show you the respect you deserve. It will be very interesting to see how he handles this new world?

When the monk arrived he fell to his knees and bowed to the floor. My Lord and master thank you for seeing your humble servant so quickly. The man stayed where he was and never moved a muscle. 

Please rise and sit with me. I would like to hear your opinion of the many leaders here you have come in contact with.

The man stood and bowed to Hideki. I would be most honored to give you my humble opinion. With my own eyes I have seen how your people conduct themselves and am greatly impressed. Your fighters are better than any I have seen before. Yet they are kind and courteous to others. I saw no one being like the solders of most areas I have traveled. They are not as well equipped or trained as yours, but they are over bearing. Your men are relaxed and confident in the company of their officers. The officers are willing to ask questions and listen to what the men have to say. That is not something I have ever seen before.

Please sit and lets talk for a time. I may be the Emperor here, but I also am just a man. When it is possible Storm and I just sit and discuss the problems I see in front of me.

I feared by now he was dead. To see him looking healthy now is very satisfying. It was known he was at deaths door before you got to him. There was no way I could have gotten to him and did what your people did. But how did you save his life?

The assassin was giving him mercury in the drugs he dispensed. It was mercury poisoning that was killing him. The idea was to prove the work our doctors did for him caused his death. We have removed much of that metal and he is now getting much better. It will be at least 2 months before he can start working on getting his knee back in shape.

The monk looked closely at Storm and saw he really was much better. How do you take out what someone has put into him?

The doctors use chelation therapy to remove the metal from the body. Our medical abilities are far advanced to the abilities of people here at present. We will be training doctors for our mountain tribes aligned with us. It is important that people have long safe lives. A good doctor helps that to happen.

But the people are willing to die for you. How can they reach that goal if a doctor is always healing them?

Having people die does not serve my needs. I need good strong fighting men to defend our lands. Having them go into a battle and die means they cannot fight the next time. It means they stop having children for the next generation of fighters. We have much land we need people to populate. Far to many have died to young in this world.

That was nothing the monk had ever heard before. People have a value to you?

Life has a value to us all. The man who dies today may have been someone you badly needed twenty years from now. So yes life has value and we need to save everyone we can. Any war needs to cost us as few lives as possible.

I have never heard that said before. But I can see it is true. Today I have learned from you and that has not happened before either. You listened to me and showed me a new way of seeing life. It is curious to me why I did not see the value in life you do? But in this land it has always been treated as if it has little value, unless youre a ruler.

Here my life has no more or less value than anyone elses. We as a group are a team and each depends on the rest to do their part of each job. Success comes from everyone meeting the goals. We each must do our part for anything to happen. If done well and by the plan, it will turn into a winning action. But failure is always mine to accept.

This was very different from the way other leaders felt. Failure was always someone elses fault. I have never heard a leader say that. It always seemed like failure was an orphan, with everyone pointing someplace else from the top down.

That just does not work here. I make the decisions and must take responsibility for them. Others just follow my directives. That means if I am wrong they will fail. But if the succeed they do get the credit as I did not take the actions they did.

That is most unusual as it reverses the way all other leaders think. 

Snow walked in carrying a tray, with the two girls assigned to Storm behind her with trays. Once all were served and tea poured they left. The three men continued to talk far into the afternoon. Hideki was learning a lot about life and cultures here and it was very different. Here men of power just took what they wanted. If they could not take what they went after, they would be attacked and killed by someone who wanted what they had. It was a very brutal system and left little room for errors. The meeting broke up with the dinner hour set for them to dine together.

Storm headed to take a nap and the monk was shown to his room. The older man was allowed to bathe. The girl who helped him was a very sweet young lady. He did enjoy talking with her about this new land. The things he did find was people were not worried, they all had food and everyone worked here. They all were paid for the work they did and had free medical care, education and places to live. Hideki owned the land, but people were farming it on a shares basis. Their share was a percentage of the total incomes produced. Business was owned by him also, but people also got paid based on the income and profits. It made the hard working and industrious very good incomes. None of their income was taxed by the ruler. 

He could see much here that would be of interest to many people he had known over the years. But every leader he had known would fight it. How it worked here he still did not understand, but he was going to find out. This was just too important to him not to move as far forward as he could. Hideki had said common people often owned land, homes and building in the other world. 

Here no one but the leader owned any land at all. Yet his people made very good incomes. He charged them no taxes and still profited. This was different from Hidekis old world the man knew, but he was making this new one work. He could see the work Hideki was putting into this. 

He was looking out toward the sea as the large ship came into view. He could see it was big, but not just how big? So he kept watching, as the ship grew bigger. He had heard of these ships from prisoners during the conflict. But the leaders had just laughed them off as imagination. Now he could see they were real and not just something dreamed up.

As he watched the ship came into the bay and dropped its anchors. He could not identify the materials it was made from. It was a sure bet it was not wood. That he could see from the smooth side of the ship. He watched the men moving on the deck and saw this odd machine brought up. The blade started turning at the top and then it slowly lifted into the air. It was like nothing he had ever seen before. The thing came into the palace and landed at the front gate. Three men and one woman came out of the machine. Then it rose and went back to the ship. 

There was so much new knowledge it was hard to spend the time each new thing deserved. This was a learning experience for him and one he would never have again he was sure.

Storm came rolling into his room and he saw he looked much better now. I see the nap did you a lot of good.

Yes I seem to tire easy now days. But the doctor says it is from the mercury still in my system. That should with time change. What are you looking so intently at?

The largest ship I think I have ever seen. I was trying to think of what it could be made of? I have never seen anything like it before.

It is a metal called steel. I have been on that ship when they did the work on my knee. The entire ship is made from that metal. From what I was told it does not sink because of the amount of air inside the ship. It is like a clay jar. If you put a stopper inside one it floats. If you take the stopper out it fills with water and sinks. So making a ship out of metal does not make it sink, as long as the water stays outside it.

That make sense to me now. But why is it so big?

It is bring many new soldiers and citizens here from Hidekis world. You will find it also has needed machines for building a port and harbor here. They are serious about building their world here to be the best. I can assure you there is not a leader here who could fight them and win.

I dont see how that is possible? There are many great fighting men here with large armies. As few military people as Hideki has I cant see them standing against many of these.

Do you remember how the mountain fortresses were destroyed? That is the kind of power Hidekis military has. They have weapons than no one here has seen before at least not if they never left here. They can kill men at distances you could never believe. The massive explosions and fires they caused in the mountains can also happen on flat land. Other soldiers would refuse to fight them and they would run away. No leader could hold them, as the first ones to fall with no known reason and seeing no one to fight would cause panic. It is why we are trying to bring the people to us rather than fight. They would just go underground and fight a war we could not win. Of course we also would not lose, but it would cause more problems than it is worth.

Here the old monk was not sure Storm was right. Yet he did not have enough information to argue this. So he just sat and listened. After a time he saw Storms point and could agree. I think your right to attempt to win peoples trust. No one here has ever tried that approach before. So expect people to have doubts at first and not to be willing to give you their full trust. But many will be willing to try your way of forming bonds.

The two men headed to the dinning room for dinner. 

Snow was just seeing where things were headed. She had backed off staying close to Hideki with the monk here. She did not wish to create a bad situation for him with the old man.

Sorry people but I have had an eye accident and will be doing no more writing for a time. It is going to require some surgery. So I am having this sent to let everyone know why things have stopped for now. Once healed and feeling back to normal I will finish this!
