The Solitary Arrow
by Mack the Knife

Part Six

Harlen excused himself to his work room so that, as he put it,  he could try to keep an income, and left Hyandai in the common room. She went through her few belongings and cleaned up stuff as she found needed cleaning, which is not much. Restless, she went out into the front lawn. The sun was getting low in the sky and she figured that there is little left of that day. She walked to the road and watched people leaving town for outlying farmsteads and such. They, naturally, stared back. A few stopped and they chatted, light banter about it being wonderful to see an elf again, and how pretty she is, and such as that. The hour passed slowly, and eventually she tired of watching the people go by, as pleasant as it was. She walked the yard, looking at the various plants in the lush grasses, and at the two large willows that grew in front of the house. They were beautiful, and they comforted her in her disquiet.

She knew that soon she must leave these lands and return to her own, to face what she may. The feeling of impending doom had been growing in her heart for two days, and showed no sign of abating. She tried to sing to make herself feel better. Her voice lifted in lovely melody, filling the yard and the road before it with the ringing of her clear voice. It attracted a couple of passing youths, young, good-looking lads in their middle teens. They admired the sound and watched her as she moved through the yard. She smiled and waved to them, causing them to chuckle and blush. She enjoyed how the humans reacted to her, its sweet, and very endearing. The song, however changed tone in the middle, and slowly descended into a rather alarming sound, a song of distress and fear. Once begun, it is unwise for an elf to end a song before it comes to its own close, and she did not. Songs follow their own evolution as they are sung, and they can sometimes turn on the singer, like a viper, and just as likely, they will uplift and go higher than the performer could have hoped. This was one of the former, she feared.

The yard seemed to darken as the syllables and words flowed forth from her. The sound was still pure, and clear, and beautiful, but the boys were now gone, disquieted by the general sensations they felt from the tones and melody. The sky felt darker, and the yard was crushingly small. A edge of panic set into her tones, and even the birds in the tree fled the sounds of this doom befalling them.

Harlen came out of the house, and looked around frantically. He ran up to her, and grabbed her arms, roughly, shaking her from the reverie in which she had fallen. Hyandai, wake up! He yelled, she could barely hear him over the discordant wail that filled the air.

She looked at him with terror in her eyes. Harlen, what is that horrid noise? She asked, and realized it was gone as soon as she started to speak. It had been her own voice that was causing the leaves to fall from the willows and the grass to wilt around her. The darkness left her and the light of late afternoon once again pierced the yard.

What were you doing? He asked, looking with intense worry into her face.

She looked back up at him, her golden eyes flashing. I do not know. I was just singing, and that came upon me. Tears were welling in her lovely eyes, and starting to trail down her cheeks. I am very afraid, Harlen. She whispered to him.

I am too, my love. He replied, and pulled her to him.

She went willingly enough, not resisting, but neither did she return the embrace. She instead looked over his shoulder, panic still causing her eyes to flicker this way and that, watching for some unseen menace.

I am going to die. She whispered into his ear. It was my own dirge I sang.

Harlen stepped back and looked at her. What? He asked. How can you know this? He demanded. So far as I know, even the foresighted cannot accurately tell ones future regarding death.

She wept into her hands. I know not how, or why, I simply know it was so. She looked at him through her fingers. When an elf sings anothers dirge it is joyous and glad. She said, her voice muffled by her hands. But when one sings their own, it shows them their limits, and brings to mind that even the elves have but a few years upon the world. She smiled bitterly. Few wish to know how unimportant they are, ultimately.

Harlen said. I know how very important you are to me, even if I am unimportant. Taking her hands and pulling them to his lips and kissing the fingertips. You are important, and for more reason than just my opinion.

She smiled. I am, in my own limited space on the world. She said. But against the backdrop of time, I am just a speck of sand, we all are.

Harlen nodded. I suppose that is true. He said, then grinned. But nothing says two grains cant enjoy themselves when they wash up and sit on a sunny bank in the summer.

She giggled at that. Your grasp of the banal is staggering. She said, and kissed him on the lips. You make light of my woes, and make them lighter by doing so. She looked up at the sky. I will not yet despair for myself or my clan.

What is all this about your clan. Harlen asked. Why is it your responsibility to do whatever it is youre doing for them?

She regarded him a long moment, then said. There is no reason to not tell you, it is not a secret. My clan has lost something, a weapon of great power and virtue. She explained. The war between the Windy Isles and Ghantian City States has greatly reduced our warriors, and we have great need of defenders. She sighed and looked at the willows. Each clan provides for their own defenders and to the king during time of war. Many died on the Isles. The Ehladrel I seek to recover for my clan was stolen many years ago, and we only recently got word of its possible whereabouts. We need that weapon, if I can reclaim it, then it will help the wielder to train others, and we can rebuild our warrior caste. She shrugged. We will do so, over great time, anyway, but we fear we may not have such time. Rumors have come from the Abian Empire having designs upon the now reduced Windy Islanders.

Arent the Windy Islanders men? How is it you concern yourselves so much in their welfare? Harlen asked.

She looked at him. The men of the Windy Isles are our allies, and we have had a hand in making their culture as it stands now. We are also responsible for them being as little militarily as they are. She sight again. We have to help them defend themselves as they have weak defenses by our hand. So, she was concluding, we must be strong for them, until we find a way to make them stronger.

What about the Starre Island elves? Harlen asked. I have heard they will not help men, but youre elves.

Who are helping men. They have already made clear they will not assist us in our projects concerning the Windy Isles, which they see as an experiment doomed to fail. She said automatically, as if it were well entrenched rote.

Harlen thought a long moment. Since the seer saw you coming to regain your clans heirloom in the company of a betrothed man, they arranged for your betrothal? He said. It seems somewhat cold to me.

Yes. She admitted. They felt that I should try with Eleean, who sought to become the wielder of that weapon. He was distant within the clan and our betrothal was sanctified by the priests of our land. She looked at him again, her eyes tearing. But we never even reached the mountains where the thief of our Ehladrel lay.

What was Eleeans profession before you set out on this misadventure? Harlen asked.

She smiled a thin, sour smile. He was a sculptor. She replied.

And you, my love? He asked, looking rather dazed.

She squared her shoulders yet her head drooped slightly. I am a scribe. She said, giving him another wry smile. My clan sent forth a sculptor and a scribe to recover an heirloom from an enemy known to be dangerous. She met his eyes. We were that desperate. And Eleean and I volunteered when the call was made, no warriors could be spared.

You were frightened? Harlen ventured, already pretty certain of the answer.

She smiled at him. Terrified. She said, and looked down at her hands. I had never wielded my hyandai in contest before, and within three days, it was bloodied, and my bow sang deadly notes. She looked up at him. I have never taken life before, Harlen, not the life of a being who could think, even the foul orcs think, and I had to kill them.

Harlen nodded. I know, it is ever so for people who are kind and decent. He said. They try not to become what they must kill out of necessity while preventing that evil from taking their own life.

She stood up and took his hands. You have killed before, though, I saw that on the first evening with the orcs. You had a look. She said, looking into his eyes. There was a resignation in them, of having a distasteful thing to do that simply must be done.

He nodded. I had killed before that day. He said. I killed a man who tried to kill me.

Then it was self defense. She said, nodding.

No. Harlen said. It was vengeance. He looked from her eyes. Youve seen my scars on my back, I am sure. He said.

Of course. She answered. They are unsubtle.

He nodded. Yeah. Well, those were given me by the sheriff of this land at the order of the duke, for the crime of vigilantism. He said. I hunted the man down, the same fellow who showed me that cave, for trying to kill me and steal my pelts. His face looked distant. I killed him right in front of his home, with his wife, and two children watching.

Hyandai gasped. It must have been horrible.

Harlen chuckled. I suppose, for them, it was. He looked at her. He had been a terrible man to them, and she was not overly tearful at his passing. He said. But he was their breadwinner, and without his hands to work, they had a bad winter. His eyes filled with tears. One of the children, the younger, died and the widow was reduced to whoring herself to shepherds and soldiers for firewood and food. He finally let the tears fall. Every month, I send a third of my money I have earned to them, not that it is sufficient, but I send it anyway. He now sat upon the bench and put his head into his hands. No matter the amount, I will never get his blood off me, and I will never quit seeing that small girl, dying in a cold room, or the widow upon her knees servicing drunken soldiers in alleys for copper pennies.

She just stared at him. That is much guilt to bear for doing only what would have happened if he had been charged, I deem.

Harlen nodded. So I was told by the dukes lash. He said. I was not charged with murder, as he was a criminal, and none contested that he would have been hanged for his crimes. He looked up with his blue eyes wet with tears. It was that I did it without going through the trials and proper ways, and letters of the law. He said. My crime was vigilantism for thinking myself as high as the law, and as wise. He pointed at his back. These, He said, are not my punishment, they were but a reminder. My punishment is seeing those children as I sleep, and passing the widow when I go to Winlows Crossing, and seeing the gravestones in the cemetery there. He sneered at himself. My punishment is living with what I had done to them, not to him.

But it was not your doing, solely. She said, trying to defend him from himself.

Please, spare me the justification and the explanations. He said. I have heard them before, many times. He looked at her with haunted eyes. The widow is still sucking shepherds, the child is still dead, and the man, who had been a friend, still molders in a shallow grave.

I even tried to marry her, to bring her here, and take the family on as charge. He said, throwing his arms out expansively. And she accepted, saying that one man is much like another to her. He laughed bitterly at that. But the duke forbade it, saying that I had committed a most heinous crime, and not being able to fix all the woes I had inflicted was part of the punishment.

She gasped. A stern punishment, I think. She said. And most unkind.

Perhaps. Harlen said, shrugging. But it is what it is. He looked around. I get along fine, I suppose, considering. He looked back at Hyandai. But I still see them on the ocassion. He looked deeper into her eyes. You know what bothers me most? Hyandai shook her head. She forgave me. Can you imagine that? The widow forgave me. He laughed again, and the laughter was frightening to her.

She looked at him with those golden eyes. Maybe you should forgive yourself. You were young, and brash, and wronged. She said. Maybe you did go too far, in killing the louse, a scoundrel who would backstab a friend. But you did not intend to hurt the family.

Whatever my intent, it is what happened. He said. But I go on. He stood and took her hand, not terribly gently. Let us retire to the common room.

As they entered the room, his face changed, as if he left his woes at the door. She worried that he could shift his visage and apparently his mood so handily. She wondered what else lie buried under that idle smile. As they sat upon the long padded bench he asked. What exactly did your seer say?

She looked at him a long moment. She said. The Hyandai and the Arrow will gather the Ehladrel to them in the mountains east, their betrothal fresh on their lips and their love in their hearts. She is the Mother Not, and He is the Father Not. They will face down the evil and come to their gain, gathering forth the weapon that was lost.

Harlen looked at her. Thats it? He asked.

She nodded. Yes. Its not long, foretellings are often is short and cryptic like that. She smiled bitterly. I suppose its why we do not rely upon it for more mundane tasks.

Harlen looked at her. Its worse than cryptic. he said. Its downright confusing. He thought a moment. I cant make heads or tails of it. What is that business of mother not and father not?

We assumed it meant they were childless, which Eleean and I were. She shrugged.

I dont think foretellings work that way. They dont point out the obvious. Harlen said. If it was in there, and the seer saw it, then there was need for it. He thought a moment. Also, from what you say, there was little actual love in either of your hearts for one another. He added

She giggled. Like you and I? She said, smiling and leaning into his waiting arms.

Exactly like you and I. Harlen said, and embraced her warm, compact body. We chose one another, not some fortune teller. He shrugged behind her, making her smile as he tickled her arms. You cant go ramming the pegs into the foretelling, you mold the words around the pegs.

What do you mean? She said, looking up at him. Mold it to the pegs?

He looked down and kissed her forehead. I mean, that you dont force it, you interpret it. He said. Its not there to be kludged into a working reality, its there to be kludged around a reality that is.

Its all a bit much for me. She said. I am just a scribe, as I have said.

Yes, and I think we might should retire for the day, perhaps the morrow will bring more enlightenment to us and to those words. He agreed, and took her hand and led her up the stairs.

She stared at him as he disrobed and watched with a smile as he crawled between the warm-looking blankets. She then took off her clothes and slipped in beside him. There is too much room on this bed. She said, snuggling next to him. I do not wish to be so far from you. She turned to face him, laying one leg over his.

Harlen breathed in deeply and said. Nor do I want you that far, either. He said, sniffing her hair. He smiled at her gently. You said you would do that thing for me anytime I wanted? He asked.

She grinned. Yes, do you wish it now? She replied, beginning to push down the covers.

No. He said, smiling wider. I just wondered if you were willing.

She kissed his neck. More than willing. She said, and her hand slowly crept down his belly.

He stopped her hand with his. No. He said. I beg leave tonight, I wish to be able to perform that much better on the morrow.

She made a mock pouting face, but relented. Very well, if you will have naught but my maidenhood, then on the morrow.

I would. He said, and gave her a very long kiss. And I hope to have it for a while after.

She smiled. Perhaps, my lover, perhaps.

---

Morning found them entwined with one another, and Harlen wakeful. He had his arms about her, and she about him, a first. He liked the feeling of her belly against his, and the soft breath that tickled his nose. They were pressed together quite firmly, he noted, as if they had just embraced. Her legs were intermixed with his, alternating, and he wondered how that came to pass. He could feel her moisture on one leg, and liked that. He could also feel her leg with the soft skin of his organ. Not that it remained soft for long, the thoughts he was having would see to that.

She must have felt him move, as her eyes flickered open and she looked at him, with golden regard. Good morrow, my love. She said and kissed him with barely any movement needed. This is a happy waking. She added, then paused and giggled. And growing happier still, I feel. Her leg moved between his and rubbed softly against his growing manhood.

Harlen, however backed up a bit, and smiled down at her. Not just yet. He said and climbed out of bed and put on his pants. We have all day to take care of that bit. He grinned, and went out the door.

Hyandai blinked a few times, wondering what she might have missed, then got up and padded after him. As she reached the bottom of the stairs, she turned the corner toward the kitchen and came face to face with Trevir.

Trevir gasped and looked down then squeezed his eyes shut, then covered them with his hands.

She giggled. You really must stop that. She said. Harlen, I am going to make Trevir quit staring, is that agreeable?

A voice came from his work room. Yes, dear, he would certainly get more done.

She took his hands in hers and pulled them down. Trevir, please look at me. She said.

He slowly opened his eyes, and blinked, trying to not see anything below her face. She smiled sweetly. No, Trevir, LOOK at me. She said, herself looking down. His eyes naturally followed her gesture and he was looking at her breasts, then her long torso down to her pubic mound, then on to the long legs. She let his hands go. Look until you are content that you have seen all. She said, and moved her feet subtly apart, and put her hands behind her back, causing her chest to stick out slightly. If you need, ask, and I will turn about. He stared at her body, and his green eyes flicked from spot to spot. You may get closer, Trevir, if you wish it. She said, and he leaned closer to her. She was smiling sweetly at him, watching his fascination with a slight twinkle of humor in her eyes. She was not quite certain if Harlen had examined her quite so thoroughly. He seemed to be trying awfully hard to look between her legs at her womanhood. She gently pushed him to his knees, and stepped half a step closer, and moved her feet even farther apart. Now, he had a perfect view and he examined it quite a lot, then he looked at her long, shapely legs.

Those stitches need to come out, there. He said, rather surprising her. Harlen says that when the skin starts getting dry near the edge, it is ready.

She nodded. Then I will inform him to do so. Unless you would do it for me, since you are versed in the ways of wound treatment.

He shook his head, looking up her long frame. I dont thin...

Harlen, young Trevir says that the stitches in my leg need to be removed. If so, he should get some practice removing them. She said loudly over her shoulder. 

The hunters voice came from the work room. They probably do. Trev, get your sharp knife and come get some fine tweezers in here and take them out for her.

The lad stood, looking embarrassed and somewhat excited. She watched him run off to the workshop and come out with a small metal implement that looked somewhat dangerous, and his short skinning knife, still in its sheath. He said He says I should cut the string, then pull the knots out with these. He held up the tweezers with his left hand, clicking them together.

Very well, Trevir. She stepped up onto a chair near the dining table, and steadied herself with a hand on the table.

She watched him with his knife nearing her thigh. As his hands drifted closer and closer to her pubis, they shook more and more. Trevir. She said. Calm yourself. I am not a woman right now, I am a patient.

Right. He said. Thats why Im shaking. His smile took on a crooked hook, much like Harlens. Ive never had such a pretty patient. He stammered out.

Please, though, for my safety, put your thoughts of my appearance out of your mind. She said. Think, instead, of my leg as afflicted and in risk of falling off if you do not repair it properly.

Trevirs eyes focused intently, and his tongue peeked out of his mouth. He was the very picture of concentration. He was a good lad, and doing amazingly well, when faced with touching his first nude woman. His hand rested on her thigh, just inches from her folded pubic area, his little finger, actually on the lip, somewhat. His thumb pressed down, stretching the skin slightly. He cut the string. Hyandai gasped.

The boy looked up worried. Im sorry, Miss Hyandai, it will probably hurt a little.

The elven woman looked down. That is fine. I am reasonably immured of pain. She said, biting her lip. Pain was not what had just lanced from the nerves of her thigh to her brain and back to her womanhood. He cut another, and she managed to simply blink at it, though the nerves were now jangling and secretly longing for the next. He moved his hands and cut another, then another. By the time he had cut all of them, she was nearly crying. When he stopped, she said. Well done, Trevir.

He smiled up at her. He truly did not seem to now notice she was nude, he was in his work, where she wanted him. Now if only she did not realize that she was unclad and standing before a young lad who was fully her own height, and probably considerably stronger than she, and who, like his mentor, smelled of hard work and earth. She simply smiled back.

He took the tweezers and pulled the first string out of the stitch, it caught a little, then slid through the flesh, and seemed to hit every nerve in her thigh. She swallowed as she fought to keep from moaning. He immediately pulled out another, then another.

Are you well, Miss Hyandai? He asked. Your knees are a bit wobbly-looking. He looked honestly concerned.

I am fine, Trevir, just a bit tired from all the long walks in the wilds up to yesterday. She said, her mind racing for a way to control her reactions.

He pulled another, and kept pulling them. She could feel her moisture on her thigh now, and he was only half done. He pulled a couple more and she did moan, she could not stop it. Her eyes shut as a ripple of pleasure went through her, and she opened her mouth a little. He seemed oblivious. Another stitch then another, and another, more intense ripple tore through her. She moaned louder this time, and her eyes blinked, her breathing was becoming shallow.

I hope it is not hurting too much, Miss Hyandai. He said, Im almost done.

That. That is good, Trevir, you are doing well. She stammered out. Another stitch came out then four more in quick succession. Her eyes widened as she felt the signs of an orgasm nearing her. He pulled another and another, and it began to come forth. She bit her lip hard to keep from crying out as the mild climax made her shudder, and her body tense up. She felt her body blush pink and the thin layer of sweat cover her. She twitched as he pulled out the last.

There you go. He said, and patted the wound. Good as new. She stepped off of the chair and looked at it. Then he added. You smell good, you know that?

She was still breathing heavy. Very well done, and not too painful. She said, smiling at him. Now, do you feel that you can see me unclad and not stare like a bumpkin?

He grinned. Yeah, I could now. You are pretty, though, but it is all kind of the same, isnt it? He said. Stitching and stuff are pretty much the same on people as animals.

Hyandai agreed. Indeed, it is so. She said, and positioned herself directly behind him. She tapped him on the shoulder and when he turned, she kissed him, with mouth open and forced her way into his mouth with her tongue, then took his into hers, sucking it gently, all the while rubbing her body against his and her fingers in his short-cropped hair. She felt his young manhood stiffen instantly at the contact, and made sure to rub against that with her thigh. When she parted lips with him, she said. Except animals cannot thank you quite as well. 

He stood stunned for a few moments, then nodded slowly. I see. He finally said. She turned to go see what had distracted Harlen so much.

When she walked into the workshop, Harlen said. You think hes cured now?

She looked at the various work benches, stretching frames, and pelts and leathers in various states of completion. Yes. She said. He will probably not gawk at me quite so much now. She giggled.

You didnt hurt him did you, or break his mind? Harlen said, turning on his work stool to face her.

She tilted her head. It depends on what breaking a lads mind entails. She said. Will a kiss break a mind?

Harlen nodded seriously. It could, if you did it. He smiled, though. But Trevirs a tough lad, hell manage.

Then all is well. She said, walking up to him.

Harlen sniffed the air appreciatively. Mmm. You smell good. He said.

She nuzzled his neck and said. So Ive been told. She kissed his neck and chin.

It wasnt that strong this morning in the bedroom. He said. Does it always change intensity?

She smiled into his neck. It goes and comes. She said. Depending on our mood and other considerations.

Hyandai watched him work a while, when she could keep her hands off of him long enough, and the reverse was true, he might be reaching for a scraper, only to find his hand diverted by a small, pert breast, or well-turned thigh. But he managed to get some work done before declaring that he needed a break.

He said. Hyandai, you need to get dressed, my love. We need to go somewhere. He said, following her up the stairs, and watching her perfect small backside move side to side as she went up the stairs. 

Very well. She said, and slipped on her half top and skirt. She also donned a loincloth, to make herself proper for public. Harlen put on a very nice looking blue tunic over his black trousers, and his knee boots. This must indeed be an important trip. She said, eyeing the attractive hue of the tunic. It matches your eyes, my love. She said, stepping up to him.

He gave her a quick kiss and gripped her shoulders. It is pretty important. He helped her with her low boots, and they checked themselves in the mirror. Trevir came in and informed Harlen that he had put the tweezers away.

Wonder what took him so long? Harlen asked.

Hyandai shrugged. Probably had other things to tend to. You keep him busy. She said. Then her face snapped with an epiphany. Harlen, is Trevir the child...

Harlen grimaced a little. Yes. He said. How do you think I send the money to her?

She smiled gently. I will say no more of it. She said. She wondered if anyone noticed that Trevir, unlike almost all apprentices, was well paid for his minor chores and services. Possibly, but no one seemed to want to call attention to it. He is a good lad. She said.

Harlen nodded. Yes, and I want to help him become a good man.

She hugged him fiercely from behind. I am certain he will be. She said, then asked. Where are we going?

The hunter put on a fine bracer of silver and put a similar bracer on her wrist. She looked at it, it was lovely, and fairly heavy. Were going to go see the first woman I loved. He said.

Hyandai looked a bit confused for a moment, then shrugged. She trusted this man, he would not do something to hurt her feelings, she was sure. Ah. She said.