Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Four: The Slut Wife and the Naughty Twin, Part Six
Summary: Zach claims his mother.
Keywords: mff mFff mF ff mFf mc inc oral facial anal A2M exhib voy MILF breed

Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Eleven

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I unlocked the door to the trailer and thrust it open. I held it for Moira and Susannah. They both stepped inside, Susannah flashing me a supportive smile. She was such a loving woman. I grabbed her hand as she went by, squeezing it for a moment.

I closed the door behind us and swallowed. My heart pounded in my chest. This was it. I was really going to do this. Seduce my mother. Corrupt her. Add her to this sordid mess. I wanted to keep her away from all of this, but...

She would always be a point of vulnerability in my goals. I hadn't known she could be mind-controlled by someone like Charles, but she could be kidnapped. Assassinated. I had to protect her. I had to bring her into the inner circle.

I pulled out my phone and called Mom at her work. 

Zach? she asked, a faint note of worry in her voice. I never called her.

Hey, Mom, uh... I took a deep breath. There's an emergency at the trailer. I need you to come home right now.

Is Moira hurt? Mom asked. Or you?

Everyone's fine, I said. It's hard to explain. I just... I need you to come straight home right now.

Okay, sweetie, she said, such a Mom. The worry in her words was so obvious. I'll be right there.

She hung up. I sank onto the couch and said, I don't know how to seduce my own mother. I glanced at Moira. Suggestions?

Well, she was fucked by Dad, right? Moira asked, waving her hand up and down her body. The fact me and you exist proves that.

Don't remind me of that bastard, I growled. 

Moira giggled, her eyes flicking to Susannah for some reason. Well, Dad had an effect on Mrs. Augustine. He had the same effect on Mom. It's why she's never dated. She's waiting for Dad to come or for something even better. For his son to claim her and make her into that wanton slut again.

Our mom wasn't a wanton slut! I growled.

Moira arched an eyebrow. Didn't she have threesomes with Dad and the preacher's wife while the preacher jacked off in the corner? That's pretty wanton. Our mother was a slut for him, and she'll be a slut for you. That's why you can claim her. And you know why you need her.

I sighed. I have to take her as my wife. I glanced at Susannah. My second wife, of course.

Of course, she said. I know I'm your first wife. Your official wife.

Moira rolled her eyes and absently rubbed at her stomach. 

Well, if we were going to do this, we might as well do it right. I rose and ripped off my t-shirt, saying, Strip! I threw it down and started unfastening my jeans. Both of you!

Moira grinned and attacked her black top. She pulled it off, exposing her small breasts and her hard, dusky nipples. She quivered with excitement as she unzipped her black skirt and let it drop down her thighs clad in fishnet stockings.

She wasn't wearing any panties. The fishnet pattern pressed against her shaved pussy, her clit piercing peeking through one of the diamonds in the netting. She kicked off her shoes and just tore open her fishnets so her pussy was available.

Susannah's conservative dress came off. She wore plain, white bra and panties. Those were exciting in their own way. The demure style made my cock twitch as I shoved off my jeans and boxers. My secret wife reached behind her and unhooked her bra.

Her big tits spilled free. They were big and bountiful. Soft and delicious. Just like Mom's breasts and Mrs. Augustine's. I glanced at Nisha who sat on the couch, a big smirk on her face. She was pleased I had finally done this.

You are doing the right thing, Master, my thought form said.

The right thing... It felt so wrong, but that was how it went. You didn't become powerful without breaking taboos and getting dirty. I walked the path to hell paved with all my good intentions. I accepted that. But I would break the paradigm gripping this world.

The choke hold the elites had on it. 

Susannah peeled out of her panties. Moira looked to be in a better mood. Mom had been so depressed when I mentioned Mother being the mother. Moira and Mom didn't get along. Well, Mom liked Moira just fine, but Moira felt the need to be rebellious.

I sank onto the couch by Nisha. The poor thought form had Moira sit right through her, my twin sister oblivious to the entity there. Susannah sat down on the other side of me. My sister and my wife snuggled up to me. 

Then the pair of them kissed me.

I had their soft, sweet lips on both sides of me. I groaned as their lips worked against me. Their tongues swiped out, rubbing against me. I loved the taste of them. The feel of them. This was a treat. A wonderful delight.

I was fortunate to have this. To experience this passion. I groaned as we shared our three-way kiss, my dick so hard. I throbbed, my excitement growing. It swallowed my doubts and fears. I had to do this. 

I would enjoy doing this.

Susannah's and Moira's hands found my cock at nearly the same moment. They stroked up and down me. I loved their touch on my shaft. It was a wonderful treat to have them both pumping up and down me. The heat rushed through me.

I moaned into their soft lips. I loved the feel of them against me. It was an exquisite treat. I savored every last second of making out with them. This would be quite the tableau for Mom to come home to. How would she react?

The fact she would find us like this made me harder and harder.

I trembled, my heart racing at what we were doing. This was so naughty. So wild. I kissed my sister with a passion. I made out with my wife with such hunger. The three of us moaned and groaned as we shared this moment.

Mom's car pulled into the gravel driveway.

She was home.

I kept kissing my girlfriend and my sister as Mom's footsteps rushed up the walkway. The porch steps creaked. The trailer's aluminum door swung open. Mom gasped as she entered the living room and witnessed us.

Zach! she cried. Moira! Susannah! What?

I broke the kiss with my sister and secret wife. I stared at my mother. She was an older version of Moira, minus the black lipstick and dyed-purple hair. She had black hair and brown eyes, her big breasts rising and falling in her silk blouse. She wore a gray pencil skirt. She had been at her secretary job. She also worked nights cashiering.

You've been pining for Dad to come back, I said, my twin and wife resting their heads on my shoulders. He's not ever coming back, Mom, but I'm here. I have what you need.

Zach, she groaned as she stared at me, her brown eyes widening. She quivered there.

I understood how my father treated her. In a strong, commanding voice, I growled, On your knees, Mom, and suck my dick.

She trembled where she stood and moaned, You sound just like him. 

This wanton heat burned in her eyes. She no longer looked like a mother to me. She was a woman. A slut like Mrs. Augustine, only his mother never cheated on Dad. She was married to him. Was still technically married to him. She had never sought to have the marriage to Dad annulled after he vanished.

She had never even filed a missing person report on him, had she?

He's never coming back, Mom, I said again. But I'm here. I'm better than him. I won't ever leave you. I love you, Mom, now drop to your knees and suck my cock!

Yes! she moaned and did just that.

She dripped to her knees before me. She didn't even question that I had my sister and Susannah naked. These were the sorts of things Dad would do. I bet she had shared him with other women, too. Did I have other brothers and sisters out there?

Maybe. Maybe not.

But fate had brought me to the two women he had bred. I needed to own both the women my father had knocked up and my half-sister, too. It was time to claim Mom. She reached out and grabbed my cock. 

She opened her mouth wide and swallowed my cock.

I groaned as she swallowed my dick. She felt incredible as she engulfed my cock. The incestuous rush of my mother's mouth was even wilder than Moira's. Mom had been so wholesome before. So pure in my eyes. Now...

Now she was nursing on me with a mother's whorish passion. But she was my whore. She wasn't being sullied. Like with Susannah. Mom would keep her motherly purity while being my woman. My wife. My second wife.

I relaxed into the incestuous joy. Into the new expression of love Mom had for me. I closed my eyes, holding my wife and sister to me, and savored Mom's hot lips working up and down me. She suckled with force. With hunger.

Mom, I groaned.

Mmm, I'm so glad you're loving your son, Mrs. Black, cooed my wife. I love him, too. We're already married in the eyes of the Lord. Isn't that wonderful? I'm your secret daughter-in-law. I'm your daughter, too.

Moira stiffened for a moment then purred, That's it, Mom. Mmm, I've been after Zach to fuck you hard. You've needed a good dick in your mouth and your pussy and your ass for a while, haven't you?

Mom slid her lips up my cock and moaned, I needed this cock, she moaned. Not any cock. I know why you make love to your brother. Both of you. Because his cock is as magnificent as you girls' father. She's your half-sister, Zach.

I know, I groaned as Mom re-engulfed my cock. So Mom and Mrs. Augustine both were excited that I was dating my half-sister. 

Interesting, purred Nisha as she watched now from the recliner.

It was interesting, but also I didn't care. I was just enjoying Mom sucking my dick. She worked that loving mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on me with everything she had. It was a magical moment. I loved it so much. I was so thrilled to have her bobbing her head and working it up and down my cock.

I groaned at how hard she suckled on me. How much of my cock she took into her mouth. My dick throbbed as she loved me. My nuts tightened as my mother blew me. Her tongue danced around the crown of my dick.

Shit, I groaned. That's so good, Mom.

She winked at me.

She suckled with passion on my cock. She nursed on me with everything that she had. I loved it. I loved this so much. It was a fantastic rush to have her blowing me. I held my two sisters to me. My twin and my wife. What a fucked-up world.

Damn, that's so good, I groaned, savoring the way that she bobbed her head. Damn, you really are working that mouth.

Mom moaned around my cock and suckled on me with such passion. I felt her love in her every suckle. I savored that delicious mouth bringing me closer and closer to cumming. It was an outstanding moment. A wondrous delight.

Yes, yes, yes, Mom, I groaned. Shit, that's so good. I'm going to cum.

You better, honey, Susannah said. Your mother deserves to have all your jizz.

Yep, said Moira, a big grin on her lips. Just flood her with all of your spunk.

I smiled at them both, loving the way Mom suckled on me. She nursed hard. It wouldn't be much longer now. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the incestuous passion. She suckled on me with all her might. I groaned as my mom suckled on me.

The ultimate MILF to fuck.

Mom! I gasped and erupted.

My cum fired into Mom's mouth. I erupted over and over again. She groaned and gulped down my cum with her noisy passion. She swallowed every last drop of my spunk that she could. She gulped it down. I loved how she did that. It was wonderful to feel.

Just outstanding to pump my cum into my mother's mouth. She gulped it all down. She swallowed every last drop of my spunk that she could. It was a fantastic rush to have her gulping down my spunk. she swallowed every last drop of it.

Mom, yes! I grunted and erupted one last time.

Mom suckled down all my jizz, nursing to get out every last drop. Finally, she slid her mouth off and said, Oh, Zach, honey, that was delicious. You taste even better than your father. She smiled. You have me in you, too.

Yep, you improved on what that bastard gave you, I growled.

She sighed the way she always did when I bad-mouthed dad. Well, I suspect you want to make love to me. So I better get naked.

Yeah, strip off those clothes and show us your hot bod, Mom! Moira said, squirming there. She was definitely over whatever foul mood she'd been in when she learned Mom was the fourth woman.
The depraved slut was probably just eager to lick my cum out of the pussy that had birthed us both.

Mom rose, a wicked grin on her lips. I had never seen that smile before. The woman, not the mother, looked so wanton. She opened her blouse, working the rose-hued buttons through the eyelets one at a time, exposing more and more of her cleavage and the lilac bra she wore, the cups trimmed in lace. 

They cupped those magnificent breasts of hers.

She reached behind her and did just want I wanted. She freed those lovely, lovely tits. They spilled out of her bra and bounced before her in such a delicious way. I groaned at the sight of my mother baring those tits.

My dick was so hard despite cumming. I did like them big. Hoped Moira never realized that, the poor thing. Mom smiled at me in this sensuous way. It was wild seeing that look on my mother's lips. Exciting. I was such a perverted young man.

I tried. I tried to avoid this, but I was too weak.

Mmm, Mommy's going to love you, she cooed, her hands sliding down her sides to find the waistband of her skirt. She reached behind her and undid the zipper. She wiggled her hips, her big tits swaying side to side. Oh, yes, Mommy will make you feel so good.

Damn, Moira said. That's hot.

Yeah, whimpered Susannah.

I could only swallow.

Mom's wiggling worked her skirt off her hips. It fell down her legs covered in her dark pantyhose. The nylons went over the dark panties she wore. She rubbed her hands over her hips covered in the dark, sheer cloth.

She rolled the pantyhose off her hips, catching her panties in the process. I groaned as her black bush came into view. Thick and wild the way a MILF's should be. She licked her lips and leaned over, her boobs swaying beneath her as she rolled the nylons and panties down her thighs and past her knees. She worked them off her feet. 

Mom stood naked before me.

I groaned at the sight of her beautiful body. She was gorgeous. A heart stopper. I groaned as I stared at her, my heart pounding a wild beat. I just wanted to enjoy her. I rose from the couch as she sank to the floor. 

Mmm, take me right here before your sisters, she moaned. I want my daughter and daughter-in-law to watch.

Fuck, Moira groaned. I knew Mom was pretending to be a good girl. She's wild!

Mom nodded, this hot gleam in her eyes. 

I dropped to my knees before her, my cock thrusting out hard. I pressed my dick into her pubic hair and found the wet folds of her pussy. I loved how they felt against me. I lowered myself to her. Mom hugged me to her breasts. Her nipples felt incredible against me. 

Mmm, Mommy's so ready to welcome you home, she purred.

Damn, I groaned and thrust into my mother's pussy.

Her warm, wet, juicy sheath welcomed me home. Mom groaned, her back arching. She hugged me tight, her big boobs rubbing into my chest. I loved the feel of her nipples against me. I savored how she squeezed her cunt down around me. This was a perfect moment.

Just so wild to enjoy her cunt around me.

I drew back my cock, Mom whimpering in delight. Her hot twat massaged my cock. This was such a magical moment. I loved it as I thrust back into her twat. I filled up her cunt again. She squeezed down around me.

Yes, yes, you're back where you belong, Zach, she moaned.

God, yes, I groaned and kissed her. 

My tongue thrust into her mouth as I made love to my mother. She squeezed her twat about me as I pumped away at her. My nuts slapped against her taint. I reveled in this incestuous moment. I claimed my mother as my wife.

I would fill her womb with my seed.

Beside me, my sister and Susannah kissed. The pair lowered to the floor as I pumped away at Mom. In moments, Moira lay atop Susannah, the pair sixty-nining. My two sisters devoured each other's pussies.

I broke the kiss and groaned, Damn.

Mmm, look at them, moaned Mom. Loving each other. That's beautiful.

Yes, I groaned, reveling in my mother's juicy embrace.

I fucked her with force, burying into her again and again. I loved how she squeezed about me. She held me in that wonderful pussy, whimpering in delight. The pressure grew and grew in my nuts as I pumped away at her. I loved how she gripped me with her hot pussy. It was a wonderful moment to bury into her.

She groaned, humping against me. Her hot twat held me tight. She made me feel incredible as I fucked her. I loved every last moment of this. Every last second of burying to the hilt in her pussy. She squeezed down on me.

Zach! she moaned. Mommy loves you!

Love you, too, I groaned. I buried into her again and again. I fucked her with everything that I had, reveling in how she squeezed her pussy down on my cock. She held me tight as I pumped away at that wonderful cunt. Oh, Mom!

Zach, honey, she moaned, holding me with her hot snatch. Ooh, ooh, just keep thrusting away at me!

I buried into her with everything that I had. My sisters moaned together. Susannah clenched at Moira's pussy, licking my twin's cunt. Moira returned the favor, feasting on Susannah's pussy. They were so beautiful together.

I pumped away at Mom as I drank in the sight of them. Mom moaned, stroking my back. Her big boobs rubbed against my chest while her hot pussy squeezed down around my cock. She gripped me with that amazing pussy.

I would have such a huge climax. I wanted to cum in her. Just flood her with everything that I had. She squirmed as I buried into her. She gripped me, driving me wild with that hot pussy of hers. I would have a huge burst of pleasure. Just climax so hard.

Oh, that's it, honey, she moaned as I buried into her. You're so good at this. You're driving me wild!

I am, Mom! I groaned, my cock burying to the hilt in her. Oh, damn, that's so good. Your pussy is just delicious.

Mmm, keep enjoying it, she purred. Oh, that's so wonderful. Keep plowing into me. Ooh, you're driving Mommy wild.

Cum, I groaned, my nuts so tight.

She nodded, her eyes so bright. I buried into her snatch. I fucked to her depths, reveling in her juicy snatch. She whimpered, holding me tighter. I plunged to the hilt in her. She gasped out in passion, her pussy going wild around my cock.

I made my mother cum.

I thrust to the hilt in her and groaned out in rapture. My cock erupted. I flooded my mother's fertile pussy with my virile seed. Her cunt writhed around me. I knew then that she was utterly mine. Whatever conditions I was fulfilling swept around me.

Nisha watched on.

Fuck, I groaned as I pumped more and more of my cum into her pussy.

Yes, yes, Zach, honey, Mom moaned. Fill Mommy's womb with your cum!

I kissed her as we writhed together in passion. It was so delicious. Nearby, my sisters were squealing through their own lesbian orgasms. I filled my mother's cunt with my jizz. I flooded her with everything I had.

It was outstanding.

She writhed around my cock, working my dick dry. I shuddered at the majesty of this moment. It was outstanding to fill my mother's cunt with my jizz. I shuddered atop her, my heart beating so fast in my chest. 

She felt so good beneath me. I loved her so much. She was my mommy-wife now. I broke the kiss and glanced at Moira and Susannah. An idea popped into my depraved mind. A way to get Moira to get along with Mom.

Moira would approve. 

Chapter Twelve
 
Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I pulled out of Mom and rose from her embrace. I glanced over at Moira rubbing her face into Susannah's blonde bush. My sister lifted her gaze, flashing me a naughty grin. Pussy cream dripped from her snatch.

She does have a yummy pussy, said Moira. She really must be our sister.

Yep, I said. How would you like Mom to eat your pussy out?

Such a wicked smile spread even wider on Moira's face. She looked like a cat about to pounc

e on her favorite toy. Oh, I'd love that. You going to dyke out on me, Mom, and eat my pussy.
I've eaten pussy before, Mom said. And if your brother wants me to do it, well, I can't say no to him. He's too much like your father.

Ugh, don't talk about him, I said. I'm going to fuck you in the ass for that. 

I meant it as a joke, but Mom said, Ooh, that's not a punishment. I haven't enjoyed anal... Well, in a long, long time.

She crawled over to her daughter settling on the couch. Susannah smiled at me, pussy cream staining her flushed face. She looked so happy. My cock throbbed as I moved in behind mom, So ready to fuck her hard. I wanted to just ram my dick into her asshole and make her squeal. 

I pressed my cock into my mother's backdoor as she buried her face into Moira's pussy. My twin gasped as Mom licked at that bald twat and pierced clit. Moira shuddered, her small titties hardly quivering from the sensation.

She looked so happy.

Good. They needed to get along.

I pressed my cock into Mom's butt-crack. I slid down and down to her anal sheath, wanting to just ram into her bowels. I found her anal sheath, my cock lubed by her pussy cream. I thrust against her asshole as Mom moaned into Moira's twat.

Ooh, that's so good, Mommy, Moira moaned.

Oh, you haven't called me Mommy in years, purred Mom.

Yep, it was working.

 I smiled as I drilled against Mom's asshole. I loved the way her anal ring widened and widened. She groaned as her asshole opened wide and swallowed my cock. I popped into her bowels, savoring that delicious hole swallowing my cock.

I pushed deeper and deeper into her anal ring, loving how she groaned as I did that. She swallowed my cock with that hot asshole of hers. I reveled in sliding into my mom's anal sheath. It was a wild moment to enjoy this delight.

Just fantastic to savor having her bowels engulf my dick. She moaned into Moira's pussy, squeezing her bowels around my cock as I sank to the hilt in her. I gripped Mom's hip and smiled at my twin sister.

She grinned back at me.

It was a delicious moment.

I gripped Mom's hips and pumped away at her. I fucked into her bowels, my nuts slapping into her taint. She rubbed her face into my sister's pussy, reveling in that delicious treat. I pumped hard and fast at my Mom's anal sheath.

Oh, that's so good, she groaned. Ooh, ooh, just like that. Fuck me so hard!

You know I will, Mom! I groaned, buggering her with everything that I had.

I gloried in this. Reveled in every thrust into her bowels. She clamped her anal sheath tight around my cock as I pumped in and out of her with force. It was a fabulous delight. I rush to pound her anal sheath with everything that I had. I loved this so much. I savored this passion with all that I had. I could just erupt in her. Cum in her and fill her bowels with so much jizz.

She moaned as I did that. She groaned as I fucked her bowels with such force. I plowed into her harder and harder. I slammed to the hilt in her anal sheath with my big dick. She moaned as I did that. She held me tight as I fucked into her with powerful strokes.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Ooh, that's so good. Oh, honey, fuck Mommy's asshole!

Fuck her! Moira purred. And Mom... Wow, you're good at eating pussy. I see where I got it from!

Mom purred in delight as she devoured my sister's pussy. She feasted on Moira with obvious enjoyment as I fucked away at that tight asshole. I buried into her anal sheath again and again. I loved how she held me tight.

It was fantastic to bury into her anal sheath with such hard strokes. She wiggled her hips from side to side. She stirred her cunt around my cock. I loved every last moment of that hot sheath massaging me. I buried deep into her.

Hard.

I churned her up with everything that I had and loved it. This was a pure delight to enjoy. I slammed to the hilt in her bowels, her butt-cheeks rippling from my crotch smacking her ass. She moaned into my sister's pussy.

Fuck, Mommy! Moira groaned. Oh, you're going to drown in all my pussy juices!

Yum, purred Mom. That sounds wonderful.

I smiled as I fucked deep and hard into my mother's asshole. My nuts tightened. I wanted to watch Moira drown our mother in pussy cream. That would be so hot. I plowed to the hilt in Mom's anal sheath, reveling in how she gripped me with that hot hole.

My nuts slapped into her. I fucked deep and hard into her anal sheath. It was fantastic. I pumped deep and hard into her anal sheath again and again. This was just such a magnificent moment. I reveled in every last second of buggering her.

Mommy! squealed Moira. She bucked as she came.

Oh, honey, Mom groaned, licking up Moira's pussy juices.

Drink all my cum, Mommy!

I buried into Mom's tight asshole. She gripped my cock with that tight sheath, massaging the crown of my dick. That brought me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to erupting into her anal sheath. I would just fill her with so much jizz.

Yes, honey, Mommy groaned as I buried into her asshole.

Her anal sheath convulsed around my dick. She rippled around me, suckling at me. My nuts tightened at the feel of Moms' bowels spasming around me. I gripped her hips and drew back, savoring the pressure bursting at the tip of my cock.

As I erupted, I buried to the hilt in her writhing asshole.

She suckled at me. She spasmed on my cock, nursing at me. The heat washed through me. I loved this so much. I savored every last second of her anal sheath writhing around me. She nursed at me with that hot ass.

Yes! I groaned as I erupted into her bowels. I fired my cum into her anal sheath again and again. Oh, Mom!

Honey! she moaned as I flooded her bowels with my jizz.

Each eruption shot rapture shooting through me. The pleasure slammed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision as I pumped more and more of my spunk into her bowels. I loved every last second of this bliss. It was spectacular.

She felt amazing around me as she nursed out my cum. She moaned, her anal sheath wringing my cock dry. I fired that last blast into my mother's asshole. I panted, drawing in deep breaths. I gripped her hips, panting.

Fuck, I groaned. 

Mmm, Mom purred, lifting her face from Moira's pussy and staring back over her shoulder at me. Your dick needs to be cleaned. Susannah, would you like to help me? Your mother...

I know, Susannah said. My mother is a dirty whore who cheated on my father with your husband and so many other men. Do you want me to clean your son's dick with you and have him cum across our faces?

I would love that, Mom said. Mmm, that's how you treat your man. If he's your husband, you need to know these things.

I do, Mother, Susannah said with a big smile.

Damn, I groaned and sat next to Moira on the couch. 

She just had a happy smile on her face. She looked lost in her own thoughts. That was good. I was glad that she was feeling better. She worried me. She was... too willing to resort to violence. Willing to sacrifice a woman for a spell...

I pushed those dark thoughts out of my mind. There was another way, and we would find it. 

Mom and Susannah knelt before me, their blonde and black tresses rustling together as they leaned in. They both licked at my cock, their tongues sliding up either side of my dirty shaft. They were enjoying the taste of my dick.

I loved how they climbed higher and higher up my shaft. They reached the tip and flicked their tongues over the crown of my cock.

I groaned at the heat of this moment. It was a fabulous delight to have them both swirling their tongues around the crown of my cock. I groaned as they stroked over my tip. Pleasure sparked through me. A wonderful moment to enjoy.

Fuck, I breathed as they swirled their tongues around the crown of my cock. 

Mmm, you taste good on your son, Mother, Susannah said.

I can't wait to taste you on him, Mom purred.

They both giggled before they leaned down and licked up my shaft. I shuddered at this heat. It was an incredible rush to have them both lapping at me. It was fantastic to feel them both sliding up me. I shuddered as I reached the tip.

Susannah was the first to swallow my cock. She slid her lips over it, devouring my dick. I loved the feel of her doing that. My eyes rolled back into my head as she took every inch of my cock. She devoured me. Her tongue swept around the tip of my dick.

Shit, I groaned.

Your sister-wife is sucking your dick clean of Mommy's asshole, cooed Mom. How does that feel.

Great, Mom, I groaned.

You hear that. Mom licked Susannah's ear. He loves it.

Susannah suckled with such passion on my dick. She bobbed her head, working her lips up and down my cock. She polished my dirty pole with her loving hunger. Her blue eyes stared up at me with such caring in them.

Mom had the same gleam in her brown eyes.

Susannah slid her mouth of my cock and passed me over to her, cooing, Enjoy.

Such a good daughter-in-law, Mom purred before she swallowed my dirty dick.

She wiggled back and forth, my cum leaking out of both her holes. I loved this so much. Mom bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled with passion as she polished my cock. She nursed off her ass.

She slurped on my cock with that loving passion. Her cheeks hollowed. My nuts tightened beneath the wonderful pressure of her sucking. I groaned, my face twisting with this delicious treat. My mom had such a powerful suction.

She worked her lips up and down my cock. She suckled on me with everything that she had. I loved this so much. I savored suckling on her. She drove me wild with that hot mouth. I rose toward my orgasm. Toward that big burst of delight.

Then Mom slid her mouth off and traded me off to Susannah.

My secret wife swallowed my cock. She moaned around my dick, her tongue dancing. She wiggled her hips, worshiping me with the same enthusiasm as my mother. This was all such a perfect moment. I was in such love with every moment of this.

My nuts tightened beneath that hot sucking. I rose and rose toward that amazing climax. I would have a huge one. My face contorted in delight. The pressure built and built in my nuts to unload all my cum into her mouth.

Fuck, I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's good.

Susannah popped her mouth off and purred, I'm so glad it is!

Me, too, Mom purred before swallowing my cock.

The pair were delicious. They traded me back and forth, suckling on me. They brought me closer and closer to that amazing moment of climaxing. I couldn't wait to cum. I wanted to just burst with rapture. I was so ready for that bliss. 

She suckled with all that she had. She nursed on me with every ounce of passion she had. I loved that she did that. She worshiped me before passing my cock to Susannah. My blonde wife suckled me into her mouth.

They passed me back and forth.

Shared me.

They were so amazing. I was in heaven here. I loved every last second of what they did to me. My nuts tightened. Mom cupped them as Susannah suckled on my cock. She massaged my heavy balls, staring up at me.

You're so close to cumming, aren't you, honey? she purred.

Yes, Mom, I groaned. I am. I'm so fucking close.

She smiled at me as Susannah suckled hard. The pressure grew in those nuts. She squeezed them, driving me wild. I loved this pleasure so much. The rapture swelled in me. I hurtled toward the bursting point.

He's about to erupt, honey, Mom cooed.

Susannah ripped her mouth off my dick and grabbed my shaft. She fisted my dick as Mom kneaded my balls. The two pressed their faces together and stared up at me. They begged with their blue and brown eyes.

Cum on us! they moaned together.

Fuck! I groaned and erupted.

My cum spurted from my dick and splattered across both their faces. The rapture shot through me. Blast after blast of ecstasy splashed across the pair's features. I soaked their cheeks and lips. I drenched their mouths and foreheads.

I soaked them both in my jizz as the pleasure rushed through me. It was incredible to have all that ecstasy slamming into me as I coated my mother and wife with my jizz. The rapture slammed through me. I trembled through each burst of spunk.

Shit, I groaned. Shit, shit, shit! 

Mmm, purred Susannah. Your cum is so yummy.

It is, Mom cooed. My son's grown up to be a man.

I erupted one last time. A final blast of cum to coat them in my jizz. I smiled at the sight of them licking and lapping up all that jizz. They were both so hungry for it. They devoured my cum. It was hot to watch.

Their tongues swiped over the other's face, gathering up the jizz. I smiled at the sight of them doing that. It was hot. I felt so good as they kissed. They passed my cum back and forth. It was such a hot sight to see.

Love when my women do that, I groaned.

Your women, huh? she asked. Like this Sable Newport that you've been hanging out with?

Yeah, I said. Sort of. I frowned. Dad never fucked her mother.

Was she Mrs. Newport then? Mom asked, jizz dripping onto her big boob.

She was, I answered as Susannah ducked her head down to lick up the salty cum.

He never fucked any Mrs. Newport with me. She smiled. He used to talk about having a harem before he... vanished.

And I'm not vanishing, I said. I don't plan on going anywhere, and, yes, I am planning a harem. I heard footsteps outside. The porch steps creaked. That should be a member right now.
Knocks rapped at our door.

Who is that? Mom asked, curiosity on her cum-splattered face.

An old friend, I said. Get your ass in here, slut!

The door opened and Mrs. Augustine stepped inside. she wore a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. It was obvious she had no bra on from how her nipples poked at the material. Her hair was tousled but she also smelled of lavender soap.

I got here as soon as I could, Master, she said. Once I finished with that disgusting, little twerp, I ran home and took a shower. I just had to clean up.

His cum? I asked.

She produced a vial from her back pocket. Right here, Master. Then she glanced at Mom. Well, Mary, looks like we're back to having fun together. I'm your son's MILF-slut. I do whatever he wants, no matter how distasteful it is.

You'll be rewarded, I said. I wasn't a fan of letting that creep fuck her, but she was just a whore. For now, it let me know what Charles plotted so I could find a way to counter it. He would be... tricky to deal with. I couldn't just kill him.

He was rich. There would be a media storm. No, no, this had to be handled with care.

I did smile as Mom stood and threw her arms around Mrs. Augustine. The two MILFs melted together in a passionate kiss. Susannah grinned at the sight of our mothers kissing. Moira opened her eyes and stood. 

She took the vial from Mrs. Augustine. Maybe with enough of Charles's cum, the spell could be powered that way. We had to erase all the memories of the men and women Mrs. Augustine had fucked over the years.

That could never get out. Not once I started moving up in the world. If my mother-in-law was exposed as a serial cheater, it would be a scandal. A complication that I needed to deal with now before it blew up in my face. 

Let me see what I can do with this, big brother, Moira said as she sauntered out of the living room and toward her own bedroom.

Good, I said as she vanished down the hallway. I glanced at Mom and Mrs. Augustine. So, neither of you were at all surprised by these events. What did my father tell you?

Mom broke the kiss and said, Right before he vanished, he mentioned that if I never saw him again, his son would take care of me.

Mrs. Augustine nodded. That we were supposed to say nothing. When you started getting close to your half-sister, it just felt right.

So right, Mom purred. I think... I think it's what your father wanted. Maybe he told me this in a dream. I don't know.

My father's plans... Just who the fuck was Lewis Black? A problem. That was what he was. A problem that would have to be dealt with, too. Another potential catastrophe that could blow up in my face, but...

That was for tomorrow to worry about. Tonight, I was having fun. If my mother had to be my lover, then I would enjoy her as much as I could. Her, Mom, and Mrs. Augustine. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moira Black

I held the vial of warm cum. It was a fresh load. Perfect. I entered my bedroom and drew in a deep breath. Anahita, appear before me!

From the shadows of my closet, my succubus flowed out and formed before me into her Ms. Rayne persona. She looked sexy, of course. She was a succubus. Her tight skirt and half-unbuttoned blouse with those librarian glasses made my pussy melt.

I took a deep breath and wagged the vial before her. My half-brother's cum.

Excellent, purred Anahita. It's good that you've learned of the familial bond. It'll make it even easier to lure him away. But I thought your brother forbade this plan.

He did. I took a deep breath. It's better to ask for forgiveness than permission. I'm not Zach's wife, slave master, slut, or mother. But I am his witch. His weapon strikes from the shadows. I will walk in the darkness so he can stay clean.

Yes, Mistress, purred Anahita.

I would lure Charles from his mother. Once they were apart, I would subdue his mother and cut out her heart. I pulled out my phone and called not Sable but Ms. Denise. I had charmed all of Sable's servants so that they would be protected from another's control.

I made sure I could control them.

Yes, Ms. Denise said.

I need a lift, I said, heading to my window. I was used to sneaking out of it. I'll meet you at the gas station a few blocks from my trailer park. Don't tell your Mistress.

I understand.

You might want to get dressed, Anahita said.

I grinned. Let's find something black and Gothic. That will be the perfect look. And let's not forget my athame. I'll need that, too.

My succubus bowed her head.

My brother would be busy playing with Mom and Mrs. Augustine for hours. They would be having an orgy out there. That was just fine. I would make sure that we were protected, and Charles... Charles would be weakened.

I made my choice. If I couldn't have both my brothers, I knew which one I wanted.

Really, I don't know why my teacher even though it was a choice. He didn't understand me at all, but I would be forever grateful for all that he taught me. I hummed as I dressed, eager for my first ritual sacrifice.

Every witch had to cross that line eventually. 


To be continued...
