Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Nineteen: Ruru's Naughty Futa Plan
Summary: Ruru has to come up with a naughty plan to stop Lieutenant Seabrook
Keywords: Hh Hhh HFFF HF inc oral anal exhib voy public tentacle scifi monster

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Lieutenant Elaine Seabrook

Colonel Powers, my commanding officer, would be here in another hour. I paced back and forth before the patient's room. The man who had become a woman while in a coma. This had to be the work of the extraterrestrial that had crashed to earth last night.

This had been the longest day of my life, but it would soon be over. This was the clue. Joy Seymour was in there. I wasn't about to let her leave. If she tried, I would arrest her. She was pacing, worried. She kept glancing at me through the window then turned around and went to her husband.

Wife.

Whatever.

I was giddy. Exhausted and giddy. I would use them to find the alien. The entity was causing problems. It had wiped my memory. I still would have to run down that Calista Santiago clue that I had. A student I needed to speak with, but she could wait.

The nurses were all buzzing around. They were watching, whispering. I had no way to contain this. I was on my own. Out on a limb, but when my CO saw what was going on here, seen the evidence of a man turned into a woman before medical personal's eyes, then this would be all the proof that I needed.

I would be vindicated. 

One nurse with auburn hair came up to me. She had a motherly face, clearly a senior nurse. Her nametag read Nora. I smiled at her as she glanced at the room then at me. She knew I didn't belong here. That I was a federal agent.

What is going on? she asked, her voice breathy. There was something... stirring about her. A heat whipped through me that was shocking. A woman was turning me on?

Classified, I said.

Oh, my, she said. And you are?

Lieutenant Seabrook, USSF. United States Space Force, the newest branch of the military.

Ah, she said. Well, uh, okay. She hesitated. Do you have any idea on how a man turns into a woman?

Is that what the rumors say? I asked and chuckled. I wouldn't believe everything you hear on the scuttlebutt. 

Right, right, Nurse Nora said, nodding to me. Well, that's very fascinating, whatever is going on there. She winked at me. Totally classified.

I rolled my eyes. She thought this was a game or something. So annoying. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

I trembled as I headed away from her. My family was on the way. Along with Ruru the Futa-Slime. This was her doing. I don't know how this Lieutenant Seabrook got a hold of this woman that Ruru had created. I had given a rushed version of it.

The woman in there was the wife of Joy Seymour, Shannon's teacher and Ruru's new sex slave. Her husband was made into a futa to join Joy in being Ruru's sex slave. It was very shocking to me. Sex slaves? And my son would soon be my daughter. It was bewildering with everything that was going on.

I was scared. I moved nearby to wait for everyone to arrive. I drew in a deep breath, my heart pounding in my chest. Would Ruru be able to do anything? Would she be able to stop this Lieutenant Seabrook from hunting her?

I didn't see how she could. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

Can you drive without your glasses on, Mom? Morgan asked as she slid into the passenger's seat. I was in the back with Ruru.

Yep, said our gender-swapped mother. Well enough. My old frames just don't fit.

Well enough, Morgan muttered. My sister shook her head. 

We had all hastily dressed after our other mother had called us from the hospital and told us the terrible news. I had thought we had gotten Elaine Seabrook off our trail. It was a real gut punch to find out that she was still dogging our steps.

I didn't know what to do about it. I just glanced over at the futa-slime sitting next to me. Ruru wore a thoughtful expression. She rubbed at her chin as Mom backed down the driveway and out into the quiet road we lived in.

Morgan turned around to peer back at us. Wow, that's so weird.

What is? I said to my little sister, worry swirling through my stomach.

Seeing you look thoughtful, she said, staring at Ruru who wore my face. It's bizarre.
Is this the time to be a brat? I demanded, glaring at my little sister.

Well, yeah. She turned around and stared ahead. I feel like if I'm not, I'm going to just explode. This is so heavy. The military is hunting her down. We are going to be in trouble if this gets any worse. If

Mom's cellphone rang. She pushed a button and said, Hey, Nora, what is it?

It's still just that Lieutenant Seabrook, Mom said. She's waiting for something. She's very nervous. Maybe she's out on a limb.

Yes, that's true, Mrs. Mathers, said Ruru.

This is going to get weird, muttered the other Mrs. Mathers. Maybe use our first names, Ruru.

Right, said the slime. When I wiped her memory, it worked because she had no proof. No one really believes her. If that's still the case, then we have a window. We have to do this before anyone else arrives.

But this is buzzing through half the hospital, my mother said. Nurses, doctors, and orderlies all gossip. I'm sure the cooks in the cafeteria know about it. There are a half-dozen people that witnessed the change.

That makes this harder, Nora, said Ruru, leaning back.

But you can do something, right? I asked, my stomach twisting with worry. I don't want you to get in trouble. I don't want you to... I couldn't say the C-word. Captured. Studied. Experimented on.

Ruru nodded. Then she glanced at me. I was wearing a skirt and blouse. I need some fresh human cum. I have to make something... broad. I have to really study your DNA. The entire thing, not just the parts that are unique to an individual.

Oh, uh, sure, I said, my cheeks burning. This so didn't feel like the time, but I hiked my skirt. It was a twenty-minute drive to Mom's hospital. 

My clit blossomed, thrusting up from the folds of my pussy. It became a pink shaft that grew thicker. Longer. A beige hue bled up to the tip which remained that same color as my pussy lips. The crown grew spongy. A slit appeared. Precum spilled out as my futa-dick passed six inches. Seven. I swelled thicker and longer. 

Ruru bent over. Her gelatinous body quivered. Her warm lips slid over my cock as I reached my full length. I shuddered at how sensitive the crown was. My pussy clenched as she nursed on me. She suckled with such force on my cock. It sent this wave of delight rushing through me.

My pussy clenched as she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. It was a rush to have her doing that. My pussy clenched. My eyes widened at how wild that felt. A shiver ran through me. My futa-dick throbbed in her mouth.

Ruru, I moaned as she blew me. 

My pussy clenched. I shuddered, my round boobs jiggling beneath my bra. Morgan turned around, my little sister watching with hot eyes. She licked her lips as I squirmed beneath the powerful suction. It was a wicked sensation. I shuddered, my boobs jiggling and swaying.

I love how I can see your cock through her flesh, moaned Morgan.

Ruru was translucent, and my dick was a dark shadow that thrust into her mouth. I shuddered, watching her lips work up and down my futa-cock. My pussy grew hotter and hotter. She cupped my twat with her fingers, rubbing my pussy lips.

Then she thrust three of her fingers into my pussy. I shuddered as they reached into me deeper than they should. They grew into a shaft. I gasped as she reached to my cervix, her fingertips merging into the mushroom-like tip of a cock.

Finger-dick? I gasped in delight, squeezing my pussy down on her new cock.

Ruru moaned like she had her a real clit-dick in me. This one would feel just as sensitive as her real one. She could reshape her entire body. I loved it. She fucked her finger-cock in and out of my pussy as she blew me.

I groaned, my futa-dick throbbing in her mouth. Her tongue danced around the crown as she suckled at me. The pleasure melted to my pussy. My twat clenched and relaxed on her thrusting digit-cock. It was amazing.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Fuck me with your finger-dick, Ruru!

Finger-dick? mouthed the watching Morgan, her eyes wide with delight. Her pigtails framed her cute face.

I whimpered, nodding to my little sister. The pleasure swelled in my ovaries. The bliss of her warm mouth sucking at my dick and her finger-cock pumping in and out of my pussy swelled the temperature of my cum. The need to erupt built and built.

I arched my back against the back seat as Mom turned onto the freeway. It was the fastest way to the hospital, even when we hit rush hour traffic. I shuddered, feeling how slow we were going. It would take us thirty or more minutes to reach there now.

Oh, god, why traffic? I moaned as we were crawling along. And Ruru... Oh, you are going to make me pop.

She groaned around my girl-dick. She suckled with such force, nursing with passion on me. My pussy clenched about her thick shaft. I trembled, my head dancing from side to side. She thrust her finger-cock deep into my twat, nuzzling against my cervix.

I arched my back into the seat, trembling as Ruru suckled so hard on my futa-dick. She bobbed her head faster. The naughty futa-slime made me feel so good. The pressure at the tip of my shaft hit that wonderful peak.

Fuck, I groaned as the rapture screamed through me. Yes!

I erupted.

My pussy convulsed around her finger-cock. My boobs bounced and jiggled in my blouse as I spurted blast after blast of cum into her mouth. This dizzying heat swept through me. I trembled, loving every second of this. 

The pleasure slammed into my mind. Rapture rushed out of my writhing cunt sucking at her finger-cock. She moaned around my cock as I spurted more and more cum. I could see the jizz splashing in her mouth and flowing down her throat.

Then Ruru squealed.

Her finger-cock erupted. Cum fired into my spasming pussy. I groaned, loving that jizz flooding me. It was so intense. It was amazing to feel her spurting all that jizz into me. Stars burst across my vision. It was an amazing rapture. 

Oh, my god, I gasped. Oh, my fucking god, cum in me, Ruru!

How is she cumming in you? Morgan asked from the front.

Yeah, Mom said. 

With her finger-dick, I howled, my cunt nursing at it.

I bucked, my boobs jiggling in my blouse as I fired the last of my cum into her mouth. I flooded her with everything that I had. I unloaded in her mouth one final time while my pussy milked out all that jizz she fired into me.

I sank into the car seat, breathing heavily. I glanced out my window to a car driving by oblivious that a futa-slime had just made me cum. It was an amazing orgasm, though. Just one of the best I had ever had. I was in heaven right now. 

I sucked in deep breaths. A big smile spread on my lips. A dizzying wave washed over me. It was an exciting delight. A big smile spread on my lips. This wonderful heat that swept through me. I was in heaven right now.

Damn, I groaned. That was... I gasped. Oh, shit, Lieutenant Seabrook. I almost forgot about her. Ooh, there goes my orgasm buzz. She is the worst.

Yep, Morgan said. Just the worst. We could be having a family orgy and waiting for Kyle to become Kylie.

Right, I said, shaking my head. Ugh, she's such an inconvenience. I smiled down at Ruru, her finger-cock melting back into her digits, but still leaving me full of her cum. Um, you having fun nursing on my cock? Im done cumming.

She slid her mouth off my mouth and shuddered. Then she leaned back in her own chair, her eyes closed. She rubbed at her naked belly. I could see a shadow of my cum in there, and the heart-shaped birthmark she had in her body. 

Ruru? I asked.

I'm analyzing your DNA, she said. She then melted into a puddle and became a large blob of pink very similar to how I found her. That might be her natural form. 

Sighing, I peered ahead at the traffic. We were doing about thirty-five in a sixty, so that sucked, but it was moving. No car accidents. That was good. I leaned back, my nervousness growing and growing. I wouldn't let the government get its hands on Ruru.

She was special. Important. Amazing. I loved her. She was my new best friend. I wanted her to be happy with her sex slaves and her new life here on earth. She had come here to be free, and it would suck if she was captured again.

No, it would be more than just suck. It would be an absolute disaster. A monumental crime against humanity. And I wouldn't let that happen. I might just be a teenager, but I could do something. I had to do something.

I had to support Ruru and help make her plans a reality. That would be perfect. Then she would have a wonderful life and nothing bad would ever happen to her. I knew it was a delusion, life always kicked you when you were down, but at least she deserved better than being a test subject or something.

It infuriated me that this Lieutenant Seabrook couldn't leave well enough alone.

Ruru remained a puddle on the drive to the hospital, my pussy dripping with her cum. Mom took the exit and in a few more minutes, we had reached our destination. A wave of nervousness washed over us. Were we in time?

Momwell, our original momhurried towards us in her hospital scrubs. She looked alarmed. Rattled. New Momugh, this really was going to get complicatedgot out and hurried over. They hugged and kissed, whispering to each other.

We're here, Ruru, I said. I hope you have a plan.

I do, she said, her voice seeming to echo from all around her. Little waves from her speech vibrations washed over her body. Time to get into my favorite hiding spot.
Right, right, I said, my stomach tightening and my legs spreading wide.

A thick tentacle thrust out from Ruru, reached over my thigh, then delved up between my legs. I shuddered as she pushed up up my thigh and found the dripping folds of my pussy. She nuzzled against me. I trembled as she pushed up into my pussy. This wave of heat shot through me. I whimpered, my face contorting. Then she was sliding up and up until she kissed into my pussy.

She pressed into me. I quivered as she worked her tentacle into my pussy. I groaned, my back arching. That felt so good. She stretched me out, pushing out some of her own futa-cum. Then she started flowing. Her tentacle rippled as the puddle dwindled.

And my pussy grew more and more full. She grew more rigid in me. I trembled at that as when from soft jello to a firm plastic. It took maybe half a minute, then she was all the way inside of my pussy.

Okay, I said. Where do we need to go? And she's seen us. Does she still remember Morgan and me? It seems like she thought something was weird with us.

I wiped her memory pretty far back, said Ruru, vibrating in my pussy. The sounds she made hummed through my body. I could feel her shaking my ear drums. It was surreal. And made my pussy feel amazing. First, we have to deal with everyone thinking Mrs. Seymour's wife used to be a man.

She did use to be one, I said and thrust open the car door. I stepped out of it. I hurried over to my parents and my sister. 

Hey, Moms, I said. Ruru has a plan.

I need to get to the hospital's HVAC system, said Ruru. Ask your mom if she knows where that is?

I relayed that question, my pussy quivering from it.

Um... no, my original mother said. She shook her head, her hair dancing around her shoulders. Maybe I had to think of her as Mommy Nora. That would work. Mommy Nora and Mommy Stephanie. That was a great idea. Sorry.

I need her phone, said Ruru.

I took my mother's phone and held it down by my skirt. A pink tentacle thrust out then inserted into the USB-C port at the bottom. The screen flickered. I swallowed, wondering what she was doing. I knew she could do strange stuff and manipulate the computers with ease. She was like a hacker extraordinaire.

Okay, Ruru said, pulling her tentacle back. I blinked as a map appeared. It was a layout of the hospital with arrows on it. Follow those arrows.

We did.

We headed into the hospital. I was so nervous. I felt like everyone was staring at us. Two women and two teenagers moving through the hospital together. I mean, it wasn't suspicious, but it felt like everyone was a secret government agent looking for us.

We reached this door that was labeled maintenance only. And it was locked. Ruru didn't have a problem with that. She thrust out another tentacle and just flowed into the keyhole of the door lock. In moments, it clicked.

You can pick locks? I said in awe.

It's really easy when you can push into the lock and actually feel all the pins and manipulate them, she said. But while I was getting the schematics, I did a dive into locks. Pin and tumbler. They can be devious, but that was a cheap door lock.

I am going to get fired, muttered Mommy Nora. They have cameras everywhere.

I'll delete the days footage, said Ruru. We have to hide the truth. No evidence.

I told Mom that as we headed in.

It was not as nice on the other side of the door. The hospital was all nice and clean and modern, but here there were bare cinder blocks and stairs that descended into the dark. It was a tad dusty, too. I led the way holding my phone before me. I trembled. This was exciting and scary all at the same time.

I reached the bottom of the stairs to find a hallway. There were pipes running overhead. They were colored differently. One was red, another blue, and one was yellow. There were also metal heating ducts. I turned right, my family following after.

This is sort of cool, said Morgan as we tromped down there.

I quivered as Ruru squirmed in my pussy. She made me feel so naughty. Little waves of delight rushed through me. It was exciting. My heart pounded in my chest as we moved through the bowels of the hospital and reached a room marked HVAC in yellow, stenciled letters. 

Ruru spilled out from my pussy. I gasped as she dropped between my thighs. I trembled and swayed, my clit throbbing. Then she swelled up into her normal, naked form and thrust her finger into the lock. Another click and she opened the door.

This is perfect, she said. There's the HEPA filters that cycle the air coming into the system. But there's not one going out, so that's where I have to tap into. She spat on a metal duct. 

I gasped as the metal dissolved. 

Holy shit, gasped Morgan as a small hole appeared. It was irregular shaped, the acid melting downward. Some of it ran, sizzling on the surface before the chemical reaction ended. This acrid smell filled my nose. You have acid spit?

I can change my chemical composition within limits, said Ruru. I'm made of organic components, and there are several organic acids that are quite good on cheap tin.

True, said Mommy Stephanie. Though the fact you can mix them up is shocking.

How do you think I made you into a woman or all you into futas? I create proteins. If you can make proteins, you can make acids and poisons and all manner of other hydro-carbon chemicals. Ruru shook her head. I hope that doesn't frighten you. I would never hurt any of you.

Of course not, I said and hugged her from behind. Now what do you have to do?

I have to cum through that hole, said Ruru. I have made my jizz into an aerosol that will disperse through the hospital. I am afraid that everyone is going to be in a fugue for about twenty minutes. They'll still do their jobs, but their minds will drift. Then they'll forget most of what happened today. Not much I can do about that.

There are surgeries going on, gasped Mommy Nora.

This HVAC system doesn't go to the surgical wing but to the medical floor where the new Mrs. Seymour lies. Ruru glanced at Mom. This won't endanger any lives. I did a check on hospital records. The parts affected by this won't cause anyone to get hurt.

Okay, Mommy Nora said, sounding a little unnerved.

Um, so do you need help to cum? I asked my clit throbbing.

Of course, Ruru said. I can't just cum on command.

My clit pulsed then sprouted. I hiked my skirt in the front, feeling my two mothers and my sister watching me. My futa-dick thrust out before me as I lifted my skirt. It poked Ruru in the pink rump. I shuddered as my growing dick pushed into her and dimpled her gelatinous flesh.

Then she shifted to the side so I sprouted into her butt-crack and just happened to hit her asshole. It felt a bit higher up than it should be, but Ruru could modify her body. I trembled, my girl-cock growing against her backdoor. I shuddered as her anal ring widened and widened until...

I popped into her bowels.

I hugged her tight, my hands cupping her familiar tits. I kneaded them as my dick grew into her asshole. It was a delight to feel her velvety sheath engulfing my swelling girl-cock. The heat melted down to my cunt. 

I should help out, too, Morgan said and suddenly my sister's futa-dick was nuzzling into my butt-crack. Mmm, some sisterly help.

Yes, I groaned, squeezing Ruru's round boobs. I kneaded them, loving the feeling of them in my hands as Morgan drilled against my asshole. I always need my sister's help!

Morgan thrust harder against my anal ring. My pussy clenched, squeezing out some of Ruru's cum. It trickled down my thighs. I groaned as my asshole widened and widened. Then my futa-sister popped into my bowels.

I groaned at the delight of her sliding into me. It was such a thrill to have her filling me up like that. I moaned as more and more of her girl-cock entered my asshole. My futa-dick throbbed in Ruru's bowels. This was such a wild delight.

I squeezed Ruru's boobs as my sister drew back her clit-dick. I followed.

It was so good to pull my girl-cock out of the futa-slime's bowels while my asshole savored that thick cock massaging my anal sheath. Then my naughty sister thrust back into me, driving my shaft to the hilt in the futa-slime.

Her body rippled from the impact. Ooh, that's what I need!

I know, I groaned as I thrust away. 

Morgan fucked my asshole, and I fucked Ruru's bowels. My pussy drank in the dual frictions. Cream dribbled down my thighs while my ovaries swelled with the temperature. My cum warmed towards a boil.

I would fire so much into Ruru as I made her cum. I pumped away at her asshole, following my futa-sister's naughty rhythm. She drove her girl-dick into my asshole. She plowed into me again and again, her crotch smacking my rump.

She hugged me, her small breasts rubbing against her back. Her nipples felt so naughty on me. I loved it. This was just a delight. I squeezed my bowels down around that naughty clit-dick as she fucked me. She pounded me again and again. 

Morgan rammed into me with such force, driving my clit-dick into the futa-slime's anal sheath. It was an incredible delight to be fucked by my cute futa-sister as I pumped away at the futa-slime's bowels. Two wonderful and velvety frictions melted through my body.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, trembling beneath them.

That's amazing, Morgan moaned. My big sis has such a tight asshole.

Yep, I groaned, driving my futa-dick into Ruru's bowels.

I loved this so much. I savored one hard cock thrusting into me and driving my girl-dick into Ruru's tight asshole. We were all building and building towards our orgasm. We were all helping Ruru take down the evil military and that naughty Lieutenant Seabrook.

My fingers kneaded Ruru's breasts. I knew these tits so well. I slid up them and found her nipples. I twisted them. Tweaked them. She gasped, squeezing her bowels around my dick. The increased friction sent more pleasure flowing up my dick.

The pressure built at the tip of my futa-cock. The pressure threatened to burst in me. I groaned, my anal sheath melting around Morgan's cock. She drove me so wild. I pinched Ruru's nipples, twisting those rubbery nubs as my orgasm threatened to burst in me.

But I had to hold off for Ruru.

She had to cum more than I did.

I was doing this to make her cum. So I twisted her nipples. I twerked them, loving the way she gasped and clamped her bowels down around my dick. She made me feel amazing. Just wonderful. My face furrowed with delight as Morgan drilled into me.

She fucked me hard and fast. She buried into my anal sheath again and again. I loved it. I savored this pleasure swelling in me. I was so close. I needed Ruru to cum. I slammed my futa-dick into her bowels, my anal sheath quivering around Morgan's thrusting futa-rod.

Cum, Ruru, cum! I whimpered, my face twisting beneath the strain.

Yes, yes, yes, gasped Ruru. I'm almost there.

I twerked her nipples harder.

That's it! she gasped, her asshole convulsing around me. Her anal sheath rippled and writhed as I fucked into her with hard strokes. Oh, that's it!

Her asshole spasmed around my dick. I buried into her and joined her. Ruru!

My futa-cum pumped into her anal sheath I flooded into her again and again. I loved the way she nursed at me. It was an amazing delight to feel my cum spurting over and over into her bowels. It basted her as she unleashed her special spunk.

Oh, my god, I groaned as Morgan fucked my spasming asshole with her naughty dick.

Shannon! she whimpered then erupted.

Her cum fired into my bowels as my futa-jizz jetted into Ruru's asshole. It felt so wild, like my sister was cumming through me. I swayed, my boobs jiggling. She hugged so tight as she pumped so much spunk into me.

My pussy writhed. Pussy cream spilled down my thighs, a hot flood that matched the rapture washing through my body. Stars danced across my vision. I hit that wonderful peak of bliss. I trembled there, gasping for breath.

Oh, god, that's so good, I moaned, my anal sheath milking Morgan's dick. And you released it, right? You released the chemical?

Yes, she moaned.

And what's to stop us from falling under the same effect? I asked her, my futa-dick throbbing in her asshole.

Well, you're all related, and since I made the drug from your cum, you four won't be affected by it, Ruru said. See?

Oh, sure, I said, nodding, my asshole clenching on Morgan's asshole. So now we...

Go delete some footage and take care of Lieutenant Seabrook, said Ruru. This won't be enough to put her off, I'm afraid. We're going to have to take more drastic matters. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

Drastic matters?

I didn't like the sound of that. I squirmed in my hospital scrubs. I didn't see how I wasn't getting fired. I mean, it was to protect Ruru, and that was something worthwhile. She was amazing. She had changed our family. We would all be different, even my son Kyle.

Who would soon be my daughter Kylie.

It was exciting and nerve-wracking as we hurried out of the basement and up the stairs. I opened it and slipped out first. I wore hospital scrubs, so I looked like I belonged there more than they did. I looked around and a nurse was stumbling by in a daze carrying a tray of samples to the lab. She at least went the right way.

They will still go about their jobs, said Ruru. She was moving with us in her natural form, naked and unafraid. They just won't... be doing much conscious thought. The chemical has suppressed that part of their brain.

Is it like when you drive home but don't remember doing it because you were lost in thought? asked my gender-swapped wife.

That's a good way to look at it, Ruru said. Autopilot is the layman's term. It's when you switch from episodic memory, which is used to focus on what you're doing to procedural memory, where you can just do your stuff without thinking about it. You do it all the time. In fact, it would be impossible for you to function. You are walking right now on autopilot. You're not even thinking about it. You're just doing it.

Oh, Shannon said.

Yeah, that sounds vaguely familiar, I said. I was a maternity ward nurse. I was up to date on all the problems and treatments for neonatal and postnatal care of mothers and their babies. But I had to do refresher courses on other stuff since I was an LPN.

We moved deeper into the hospital and found nurses doing their routine stuff without looking like they were there. It was like everyone was a zombie. It wouldn't be for long, according to Ruru, just enough for us to do what we were here for.

I brought Ruru to the security hub. She opened the door. The security guard in there was staring at the monitor but not really doing much. Ruru hummed as she pressed her finger into a USB port of a computer. She shuddered.

There, she said and pulled her finger out of the socket. The recordings have all been corrupted. They will find a glitch in the software caused by some naughty malware that got on the network and has ruined all the footage. It is not recoverable. Also, they never admitted a Daniel Seymour but a Danielle Seymour.

And no trace you did anything? I asked.

Not a thing, she said. By the time they realize the recordings are faulty, we'll be out of here. Now, we just have to take care of Lieutenant Seabrook. I'm going to have to get a much better DNA analysis of her to do this.

Oh, sure, I said. And what do you need us for?

Why, moral support, Ruru said. She drew in a deep breath like she was nervous. Okay, let's do this. We have to get her modified before the gas wears off. I didn't want to make it last too long. You know, in case that something goes wrong.

You know that your sex slave is not going to remember you, Shannon said. She's going to wake up and have a husband not a wife.

Oh, drat, Ruru gasped. I forgot about that.

My stomach clenched. This wasn't going to work out at all. It was all going to fall apart. I could just feel it. This was going wrong. But Ruru pressed on anyways. She marched with such confidence in her step.

I just had to hope she knew what she was doing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

I hoped I knew what I was doing.

I moved up to the spot where Lieutenant Seabrook stood. She had the same dazed look as everyone. I had to go and help the Seymours. They had to believe that they had always been a lesbian couple. I would probably lose them as sex slaves, but...

I wasn't sure I wanted sex slaves. It was a lot of work. It was more fun to just make love to people. Like Shannon.

But I had both their DNA so it would be really easy. I grew tentacles from my sides as I entered the hospital room. I thrust them at their mouths. Danielle Seymour had a plump one. She had turned into a beautiful woman. And would be a futa soon. 

I rubbed my tentacle-dicks against their mouths. Out of instinct, they both started nursing on them. I groaned. It was like getting a double blowjob. Joy danced her tongue around my cock. She swirled about it, making me groan with all the naughty delight that she gave me.

Danielle suckled on it like it was a lollipop. A big one. She nursed on it even asleep, suckling with such passion on me. I groaned, the pleasure shooting down my tentacles and through my body to my ovaries that brimmed with the need to cum.

I headed back to the hallway where the Mathers waited. I knelt before the dazed Lieutenant Seabrook. She wore a pantsuit. I unfastened the front, my body shuddering from the two women in the other room sucking on my tentacle-cocks.

Are you going down on her? Morgan asked.

Yep, I said and ripped open her fly. She had on a pair of gray, cotton panties with HANES written on the waistband. They were not very exciting. So I pulled them down with her pants. That exposed a black bush that dripped her juices. Oh, my, this is going to be delicious.

I leaned forward and pressed my lips into her curls. I savored the way they spilled over my face. It was a wonderful delight to feel them tickling my lips and tongue. I lapped at her, dragging my tongue through her folds and gathering her tart pussy cream.

What does she taste like? Shannon asked.

Delicious, I moaned and thrust my tongue into Lieutenant Seabrook's cunt. I swirled around in her twat. 

She moaned. The lieutenant shuddered as I stirred up her tart-flavored cunt. As I swirled around in her juicy snatch, the two women in the hospital room suckled hard on my tentacle-cocks. They nursed on me. Suckled on me. It was incredible.

I groaned, my tongue dancing around in the lieutenant's twat, gathering up her pussy cream and her DNA. I analyzed it in the back of my mind as I feasted on her. I grabbed her rump. I kneaded it. She groaned, her head swaying.

S'good... she whimpered, loving what I did to her.

She trembled then humped her pussy against my face. She grabbed the back of my head and held on as she squirmed there. She ground her twat back and forth on my mouth. She smeared her hot pussy cream across my lips. I licked at her. Lapped. She groaned, her body trembling.

I fucked into her snatch. I thrust into her cunt with hunger. I buried into her snatch and swirled around in her twat. It was an amazing rush to do that. She moaned louder, her fingers digging not my gelatinous hair. She held me to her pussy.

Yes, she whimpered. 

I groaned into her twat, the two women in the other room nursing so hard. They suckled on my tentacle-dicks with passion. They nursed on me with hunger. I groaned, my body trembling. My futa-cock throbbed while my pussy clenched.

I lapped at the lieutenant's pussy. I stroked through her folds and brushed her clit. She bucked, her hand tightening for a moment. She whimpered louder as I flicked over her tongue. As the pressure grew in my ovaries, my tentacle-dicks aching in those warm, wet mouths, I nibbled on the lieutenant's clit.

I suckled on her bud.

Oh, yes, she moaned, her head swaying. Her short bob of black hair danced around her face. S'good.

Looks good, Morgan moaned. God, and no one cares. They're all zombies right now.

No one cares, agreed Shannon.

No, Nora Mathers said sharply. Not in the middle of the hallway. Not until we get this all straightened out.

I shuddered, needing to hurry. Lieutenant Seabrook needed to cum. I had to finish analyzing her DNA. I flicked my tongue around her clit. Her bud throbbed in my mouth. I whimpered around her pearl, my tentacle-cocks about to erupt into the Seymours' mouths.

They both suckled hard on me. It was an incredible delight to have them nursing on me like that. I groaned, my face contorting in delight. I trembled, nibbling on the lieutenant's clit. Her juices trickled down my chin as my ovaries quivered.

Then erupted.

I came hard.

My futa-cum fired out of my girl-dick and my tentacle-cocks. I pumped my modified seed into the Seymours so they would accept their new life as futa and wife. I shuddered as the pleasure shot through my mind, stars bursting across my vision.

My cock spurted cum that arced out and splashed on the feet of a passing nurse. She didn't notice my cum splashing on her white shoes. I groaned, stars bursting across my vision as I nibbled hard on Lieutenant Seabrook's clit.

She groaned. Her head threw back as she squealed in delight. She cried out with such rapturous passion. It such an amazing moment. She bathed me with her tart cream. Her curly pubic hairs spilled over my face. 

I drank them down and analyzed her DNA. I shuddered, my orgasm rushing through me. My futa-dicks kept spurting cum. I flooded the Seymours' mouths with my girl-spunk. My pussy convulsed, sending delight rushing through my body.

It was a wild rush. An amazing delight. I drank it all down as I hit the peak of my pleasure. My plan would work. I hoped. Because it had to work. I couldn't let this fall apart. I drank down all that pussy cream I could from her snatch.

I licked it all up as she moaned her delight. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lieutenant Elaine Seabrook

I blinked as I stared up at the ceiling. A machine beeped beside me. I frowned as I felt something warm stroking over my wet pussy. Pleasure swept through me. I stared down at my breasts. I was naked. They quivered and...

There was something pink between my thighs. I gasped and froze. It was a gelatinous woman. The alien. I had her. She had attacked me by... licking at my pussy. I shuddered as pleasure rippled through me.

What are you doing to me? I groaned as the alien licked at me. 

Rururururu? gurgled the alien. She suckled on my clit. Hard. I gasped, my back arching at the pleasure that burst from my aching bud.

My boobs jiggled. My pussy clenched. I was about to cum. I groaned, shaking my head. This couldn't be happening, but she was nursing with hunger on me. I grabbed the bars on the side of the hospital bed, gripping it as the pleasure burst in me.

I came.

I bucked on the bed, my pussy convulsing as the alien made of pink... slime licked at me. The slime devoured my cream. I groaned as she feasted on me. My body bucked, my thighs squeezing about her head. I was so confused. Why was I in a hospital? What had I done all day? I couldn't remember anything but finding where she had fallen to this earth in the middle of the night.

And it was so hard to think with all that rapture gushing through me.

I couldn't believe how hard I was cumming. I shuddered as the alien licked at my pussy. My thighs squeezed about her head. It was so soft. So squishy. I couldn't believe that, either. Then she rose, her face dripping in my juices. She looked human, her face that of a young woman with strange, plastic pigtails. Round breasts, hard nipples, and...

A cock.

She had a huge dick thrusting out before her.

My eyes bulged at that. She loomed over me and draped her soft and warm body over mine. It was like being embraced by a waterbed. She planted her lips on my mouth and kissed me, sharing my tart pussy juices with me.

I groaned, kissing her with such passion. I trembled beneath her, a wave of heat rushing through my body. I thrust my tongue into her mouth. I swirled about in her as her cock nuzzled into my pussy. I should be stopping her, but... but...

I was so horny for that cock.

She thrust it into me.

I squealed into the alien's lips as her thick dick filled me up. She had a huge shaft. She was some sort of hermaphrodite. A dickgirl-alien that stretched out my pussy with her massive rod. Pleasure rushed through me.

This felt amazing.

She bottomed out in me. She filled me to the hilt. I groaned as she drew back. I held her tight, loving the way she massaged me. Then she thrust back into me. She rammed into me with such force. She buried her girl-cock into my pussy. 

I groaned beneath her, loving this bliss. I trembled, kissing her with such passion. I loved the way she buried her futa-dick into my pussy again and again. She buried into me with such hard thrusts. It was an incredible delight.

I kissed her with such passion as that thick shaft stretched me out. It was incredible to feel her soft breasts on mine. This was no man. Somehow, that made this even better. Even more amazing. I shuddered as she drove her clit-dick into me. It was a wonderful thrill. I groaned, squeezing my snatch around her thick shaft.

She buried into me with force. She hammered me.

I groaned, my orgasm swelling in me. Her thick girl-cock massaged me. It was amazing to have her fucking me with such a huge shaft. I groaned, squeezing down on her as I kissed her. The alien-slime pumped away fast and hard.

The friction swelled in me. A wondrous heat that grew and grew with her every plunge into my pussy. Her every thrust brought me closer and closer to that moment of eruption. I trembled beneath her, humping into her thrusts. Her tongue thrust into my mouth. She danced about in me, kissing me with such passion.

I grabbed her ass. I gripped her as slammed her dick into my pussy. I held her tight with my pussy, whimpering. I was so close to cumming. My nipples rubbed into her soft, gelatinous breasts. They massaged me as her dick stretched me out.

It was amazing being fucked by the dickgirl-slime. 

I couldn't believe this was happening. The pink slime kept thrusting her thick cock into me. She buried it hard. My orgasm was rising rapidly. My back arched, pressing my round breasts into her soft tits. My pussy clenched about her, holding tight to her.

Oh, god, yes! I gasped as I came.

My pussy convulsed around the alien slime's cock. She buried into me. I groaned as she spurted over and over again into my pussy. Proof of aliens fired into my cunt. That was just wonderful to enjoy. Just amazing to feel pumping into my snatch. I savored it with such hunger. I trembled on my back. I whimpered, my head tossing from side to side. 

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, that's so good. Ooh, I love this so much. I love it all. Yes, yes, that's amazing.

I hugged her to me as more and more of her cum pumped into my snatch. My pussy writhed around her thick shaft. I milked her of all that cum. All that alien-jizz that flooded my twat. This was what I needed. I had her. 

The proof that I needed. Colonel Powers would believe me now. He had to. I hit the peak of my orgasm, quivering beneath the alien creature. Her soft body felt so wonderful against me. I shuddered on the hospital bed, the room spinning around me.

I hugged her and groaned, I have you, alien! I have you!

Rururururu? she gurgled as waves of darkness washed over my vision.

I have you! I howled at the top of my lungs as she squirmed, trying to escape me. I would not let her go. I had her. She was a prisoner of the US Military now.

To be continued...