Kathy the Match Maker

   By JimBob 
Copyright 2011

   A humble and heartfelt thank you to all my readers and to those who sent
comments on the Kathy series..  I appreciate it.

   Kathy series: Kathy at the Matinee, Kathy gets a ride, Kathy and Uncle
Billy 1 and 2, Kathy and Lilly and Bob Too, Kathy and Bob and Laura at the
Matinee.

   Kathy has decided it would be good for her and Lilly if Lilly's dad
married her mom.  She sets her plan into action in this part.

   Mgg, Coms, Inc, Fond, Oral, Ped

   Kathy thought about what she had decided as she walked home from Laura's
house...  Her mom and Lilly's dad.  She had to figure some way to get them
together, but how could she even broach the subject.  Then she thought
about Laura and Lilly in the car on the way back to the theater.  Suddenly,
it came to her.

   Lilly had a speech problem.  Her mom worked with kids with speech
problems all the time, it was her profession.  Yes!  It would be a natural
match.  Now she had to get Lilly and her mom together, and if she knew her
mom, the rest would be a snap.  Her mom would fall in love with Lilly, and
then with Bob.  Kathy loved them both, how could anyone help it?  The only
problem she could see was the guy her mom was writing e-mails to, and
talking on the phone with all the time.  The guy she had met at that
cemetar...  no, that seminar.  Well, first she had to get their phone
number.

   That Thursday, she could hardly wait to get to the meeting place to see
if Bob and Lilly were there.  Yes!  The car was there, and she ran the last
half a block.  She got a hug from Lilly before she turned and buckled her
seat belt.

   "Where's Lauwa?" Lilly asked.

   "Oh, Laura had to go right home.  She has a dentist appointment today."

   "Ouch!" Lilly was holding her jaw.  "I don't like dentist!"

   "That's why we brush our teeth , Lilly." Bob said as he started driving.

   "I bwush teeth." Lilly gave Kathy a wide mouthed grin, trying to show
all her pearly whites at once.  Then both girls laughed.

   "No she doesn't." Bob whispered to Kathy.  "Only when I make her."

   "She needs a mother." Kathy whispered back to Bob.  She was beginning
her campaign.  "Um, Bob, Can I get your phone number?  I'm going to ask if
Lilly can come to my birthday party and meet my mom, and I might need it to
tell you what time."

   "Birthday Party?  You want Lilly to come to your party?"

   "Yes.  Laura will be there and I want Lilly too.  She is my special
friend.  There will be a couple of girls her age there too.  I'll invite my
cousins."

   "What day?

   "Saturday afternoon.  At one I think, but I have to call when I'm sure."

   "Alright, but why do you want Lilly to meet your mom?"

   "Because my Mom works with kids with speech defects, and Lilly can't
pronounce her R's."

   "Oh!  I thought it was because you wanted us to get married or
something."

   Kathy had trouble keeping a straight face.  "Um, no.  I just wanted to
see if she could help Lilly."

   Bob laughed.  "Just kidding, babe.  Sure, the number is 555 2398. 
Remember, Lilly is pretty stubborn.  Your mom might have her hands full.

   "My mom is good," Kathy said.  "She's smart and pretty too."

   Bob gave her a quizzical glance as he stopped the car and got out to
open the gate.

   Kathy got her paper out to write the phone number down.  "Lilly, do you
want to come to my birthday party?" She asked Lilly.

   "Pawty?  YES!  Lilly come." Then her little face fell.  "Kathy ask
Daddy?"

   "Yes, He said alright!"

   The little face brightened like a ray of sunshine hit it.  "Oh, yes! 
Lilly weaw pawty dwess!"

   That was all Lilly could talk about the rest of the way to the cabin. 
When they got their stuff inside, Kathy made another trip outside and
brought a bag in and set it with their snack stuff.

   The girls got Bob to sit and watch, and they did an improvised strip
tease dance for him.  Both Kathy and Bob laughed at Lilly trying to shake
her little butt in time to the music from the radio.  Then the two girls
went in and spread their cover on the bed while Bob took off his shoes. 
When he joined the girls on the bed, they hurried to get him naked as well.

   Bob showed them how to have a three way suck.  He lay on his side with
his head between Lilly's legs, and Lilly had her head between Kathy's legs,
and Kathy was circled back toward Bob, and had Bob's erection right in
front of her.  Then they all started to lick and suck.  Kathy was surprised
that Lilly was almost as good at licking pussy as her daddy was.  She
quickly brought Kathy to a hip jerking orgasm.  Kathy's orgasm was followed
quickly by Lilly having her own little climax.  Bob teased the girls for
being too easy, and pulled them both up to him for kisses.

   Lilly sat up and said, "Go potty, Daddy!" She slid off the bed while
Kathy and Bob were engaged in a passionate kiss.

   The pair on the bed were obvious to everything else as they maneuvered
into position so Kathy could sit astride Bob, and fit his stiff cock into
her damp little crack.  As it went in, Kathy started to ride him
frantically.  Bob held her hips and helped her move herself over him. 
Kathy had the warm glow spreading up from her belly, and her orgasm monster
was on the prowl, waiting to consume her body with his lusty surges of heat
and stars and colored lights.  Bob could tell by the little cries and
grunts that she was near, so he helped her over the edge with a thumb
massaging her clit.  This brought the little girl to a shuddering climax
and her quivering body milked the penis inside of her for all it was worth.
This soon finished off what Kathy had started on Bob with with her mouth.
Bob shot his full load of semen up into her.  Kathy lay forward onto his
chest as his cock slipped out of her.  She was satiated and ready for a
rest.

   Feeling the semen leaking out of Kathy onto his belly and running into
his belly button, Bob called out, "Lilly?  Bring me a rag, quick!"

   No answer.

   "LILLY?  Where is that kid?" Bob sat up and looked around and listened.
So did Kathy.

   No sight nor sound of Lilly.

   Kathy jumped up and holding herself so she wouldn't leak, ran into the
kitchen and got the roll of paper towels, after a glance around to see no
Lilly in the living room and kitchen.

   "She's not in the cabin!" She exclaimed to Bob as she handed him the
towels.

   "See if she's in the toilet" Bob said, as he wiped himself off with a
hand full of paper towels.

   Not bothering with clothes, Kathy ran out to the outdoor toilet.  The
door was standing open!  "LILLY!" Kathy called.

   No answer.

   Kathy looked in the door, there was no Lilly inside.  Kathy went in, and
holding her breath, she looked down the hole.

   No Lilly.

   Kathy ran back to the cabin.  Bob, also nude was outside in the yard;
having just checked the car.  Kathy ran up and said, "Bob, I cant find..."

   Bob held up a hand for quiet.  "Listen," he hissed.  They stood quietly
and listened.

   After a couple of moments, over the sounds of the birds, and the breeze
through the trees, Kathy heard a faint splash.  Then a few seconds later,
another splash.  Then a double splash and a happy little laugh.  Kathy and
Bob looked at each other.  Bob pointed toward the river.

   Putting a finger to his lips in a sign to keep quiet, Bob led the way
through a grove of young fir trees to the edge and they peeked through the
branches of the last tree.

   There was the happy little girl, naked as a jaybird, throwing rocks into
the river as fast as she could pick them up.

   Bob stepped through the trees.  "LILLY!  What the devil do you think you
are doing?"

   Lilly jumped, and dropped the rock she had just picked up.  Her little
face clouded up.  "I twowing wocks, Daddy."

   "Bob laughed.  "Come on Kathy.  Lilly has found us a bunch of rocks to
get rid of."

   Kathy ran out and gave Lilly a big hug and a kiss, she was so glad Lilly
was alright.  Then Kathy picked up a couple of rocks and gave one to Lilly.
She threw and skipped it three times.  Everyone clapped.

   The three of them cavorted around on the beach in the nude; then they
waded out into the cold river water a little ways and splashed around.  Bob
finally said they had to get their snack and clean up the cabin.  None of
them were too sorry they missed some of their sex play for that day.

   Back at the cabin they had their little snack, and Kathy unwrapped her
package.  There were three large fresh baked home made cookies.

   "My Mom made these," Kathy said smugly as the father and daughter
gobbled their cookies down.

   "Aren't these good, Lilly?" Bob asked, and got a vigorous nod because
Lilly's mouth was full of cookie.

   "OH, we have good home cooked stuff all the time." Kathy thought she
would plant another little seed.

   Kathy and Lilly cleaned up the kitchen while Bob took care of the
bedroom, and then they were on their way.

   When Kathy got out on her corner, She told Bob and Lilly she would call
about the birthday party the next day.

   "Call after three," Bob told her.

   Kathy waved and prepared herself to face her mom.  At the moment, Kathy
and Bob and Lilly were the only ones who knew about it.  Oh well, Kathy
thought.  Mom has this evening and tomorrow and Saturday morning to get
ready for my party.

   It turned out Kathy was ill prepared for her Mom's eruption.  "A party
THIS Saturday?  Are you OUT of your mind?"

   Kathy mentally halved her party guest list, and prepared to do battle.

   The negotiations ended with Kathy calling five girl friends that evening
and getting their promises to come.  She was pretty sure Bob would bring
Lilly, and she volunteered him to stay and help, which really fit into her
plans.  Her two little cousins were thrilled to be asked to her party, so
Lilly was fixed up.  She told her mom a little about Lilly's speech
problem, and could see she was interested.  So far, so good, she thought.

   Right after she got home from school on Friday, she called Bob and found
he had just got Lilly home from daycare.  Yes, they would come to the party
at one o'clock on Saturday, and yes, he would be delighted to stay and help
with the party.  The ease of getting him to agree to help almost gave Kathy
second thoughts about asking him to do that, in case she lost Bob to some
of her girl friends.  She weighed that possibility against possibly getting
Bob hooked up with her mom, and she decided to take the chance.

   Saturday was a fine day for a party.  Bob and Lilly had promised to come
for lunch, so Bob could help prepare for the party.  He had even brought a
box of party favors, and fancy hats for the girls to wear.  For the first
time, Kathy hugged him with clothes on.

   Lilly, of course prattled on about her "Pawty Dwess," so Anita Storm was
able to listen to Lilly's speech defect.  She was also quite impressed with
Bob's easy camaraderie with both his and her daughters.  He was also quite
adroit with helping with the preparation of lunch, and the setting up of
the party table and games afterward.  In fact.  The whole afternoon was
quite a success and a good time was had by all.  Lilly almost stole the
spotlight from the party girl with her funny patter and her "Twicks," which
to Kathy's relief, had nothing to do with the ones Kathy was familiar with.

   Bob and Anita talked about Lilly after the party was over, and Anita
said she thought she knew what Lilly's trouble was, and that a very simple
and almost painless operation would fix her up.  She said she would
schedule an appointment that next week with a doctor she worked with.  Bob
asked if she would come to the office with Lilly and him, as Lilly was
scared of doctors, especially ones who wanted to look into her mouth.  Then
the talk turned to their own lives and they had a pleasant chat, then Bob
took everyone out to dinner.

   When they said goodbye to Bob and Lilly, Kathy bravely and brazenly
said, "bye Bob, bye Lilly.  See you tomorrow at the matinee!" Her Mom
didn't even say anything.  Kathy regarded the first meeting as a huge
success.

   Sunday afternoon, Laura and Kathy decided they were going into the
bathroom before they went into the movie, and take their panties off and
give Bob a big surprise.  Of course, one girl can possibly pull off a
surprise.  Two girls, not much chance.  Three girls?  No way!

   With their new camaraderie after the party get together, Laura and Kathy
just had to share their secret with Lilly.  So they insisted to Bob that
she had to come to the bathroom with them.  So they all went, Lilly took
off her panties too, and when they came back they were all giggles and
smirks at each other.  Bob soon surmised what the surprise was and knew for
sue when he picked Lilly up onto his lap, as he could not feel any panties
under her thin dress.  However, he was able to keep a straight face and
play dumb and show enough fake surprise to make the little girls feel good.

   The four of them spent the afternoon with Bob's hands between the two
big girl's legs, and his erection serving as Lilly's joystick between her
legs, with two extra hands feeling and fondling his cock from time to time.
Each little girl had a good cum, even though they had to keep them quiet.
Lilly had her best one yet, with Kathy fingering her little clit as only
girls know exactly how to do.

   Luckily for Kathy and Laura, Bob told them to take a wet paper towel and
wash their pussies before they put their panties on.  They both had
secreted quite a lot of their little girl juice in the course of all the
fingering and finger fucking they had gotten that afternoon.  Had they
gotten into the car with Laura's mom smelling like the French whores Bob
smelled, the jig might have been up right then.  Bob, however did not wash
his hands until much later that evening.  He loved that aroma.

   Kathy's Mom Anita called Bob that Monday.  She had an appointment for
Lilly the next afternoon with a doctor, and the small operation could be
taken care of right in his office.  And so it was.  A nervous little girl
was distracted by an expert, a small numbing spray, a small snip under
Lilly's tongue, and the deed was done.  The brave little girl was soon
eating ice cream with Daddy and this new woman who she had held on to for
comfort when the doctor looked into her mouth.  Lilly's tongue keep
reaching into places in her mouth her tongue tip had never touched before.
Some of the farthest reaches caused a small twinge of pain under her tongue
at first, but that had already gone away.

   As they drove home, Lilly sat in her car seat and hugged her Teddy. 
"Rocks." Lilly whispered.  "Throw rocks.  Tricks." A secret smile crossed
her face.  She WAS like other kids!  But she had to fool Daddy for a while.
She wanted to see Kathy's mom some more.  She was a nice mama.  Now Lilly
wanted a mama.  Lilly had a plan...

   Bob was parked in his usual place on Thursday when Kathy ran up to the
car.  She had to give Lilly a hug and kiss before she could fasten her seat
belt, so while she was at it, she kissed Bob.

   "How did the speech stuff go?" Kathy's mom had told her that Lilly would
see her that morning.  She was asking Lilly, but Bob answered.

   "Slow.  Your mom thinks that Lilly will take a few weeks of speech
therapy until she learns to use her tongue correctly.  She says sometimes
it works right away, and sometimes it takes a while."

   Kathy looked around at Lilly who gave her a big grin, but didn't say
anything.

   On the way there Lilly was much quieter than usual, only murmuring to
Teddy, who she hugged close.  When Bob got out to open the gate, "What's
wrong, Lilly?" Kathy asked.  Lilly just shook her head.

   Lilly thought Kathy would share her Mom with her, after all, it was only
fair.  She shared her Daddy with Kathy!  But she had decided to not share
her plan with Kathy or anyone else until it was a done deal.  Lilly wasn't
talking, because she was afraid she would goof and pronounce a word right.
So she kept her mouth shut.  But a silent Lilly was a strange creature...

   At the cottage, when she was released from her car seat, Lilly headed
for the bathroom, or should I say outhouse.  She didn't really have to go,
but she was having a hard time keeping her mouth shut, and wanted to be
alone for a while, where she could talk.

   Kathy had brought some more homemade cookies.  She had talked her mom
into baking another batch.  Like all women, she instinctively knew that the
way to a man's heart was through his stomach.  Things seemed to be coming
along very well with her plan, and she was very pleased that her mom and
Bob were spending time together and talking.  She had brought all the stuff
into the living room, and sat down and took her shoes and socks off when
she missed Lilly.  "Bob, Where's Lilly?"

   "She is still in the toilet, I think."

   "I'll go look." Kathy jumped up and padded out the door in her bare
feet. Her bare feet were tender, so she was walking cautiously and quietly
when she reached the toilet.  She heard Lilly talking, and stopped to
listen.

   "I like to throw rocks in the river.  I like to do tricks with Daddy.  I
like red cherries.  I like...

   With a quick pull, Kathy opened the door.  "Lilly!  What are you doing?
You are saying your r's just fine!"

   Lilly was so startled that she peed a little.  Fortunately She was in
the right spot for it, and had automatically pulled her panties down before
she sat over the hole.  She popped both hands over her mouth.  She wished
she could stuff those words back in there.  "Rats!  I mean wats!  Don't
tell Daddy, Kathy!"

   "Why?"

   Lilly thought for a while, but she couldn't think of a good lie for
Kathy, so she decided to tell her the truth.  I want to see your Mommy more
times.  I want a Mommy TOO!" She started to cry.

   Kathy sat on the seat beside Lilly and hugged her close.  "Lilly, you
want your Daddy and my Mommy to get married?  We could be sisters!  We
would both have a Mommy and a Daddy!  That's what I want too!  I like your
plan.  I won't tell." Kathy took some toilet paper and wiped Lilly's eyes
and made her blow her nose.  Then Lilly popped off the toilet seat, and
they went back to the house.

   "Daddy, I want to thwow wocks in the wivaw when we get done with
twicks." Lilly spoke the rehearsed line perfectly when they walked in.

   "Okay, you little sweeties hustle out of them clothes, and we will see
what we can do."

   The two girls hastened to obey.  Lilly was stripped in two seconds, it
seemed like.  Kathy wasn't far behind.  Bob pointed at Lilly's butt and
laughed when she crawled up on the bed.  Besides her panty waistline around
her middle, a red line both girls sported, there was a round red line
circling her butt cheeks and backs of her thighs.  She had spent too long
sitting on the one hole toilet, and since her small butt had been more in
the hole than out, it had left it's mark.  So then Holly had to carry Lilly
over to the mirror and let her look at her backside and laugh too.

   Bob sat on the bed and the girls got between his legs and vied for the
best grip on his semi erect cock.  When Bob pulled Kathy close and kissed
her, she could feel his cock pulse in her hand.  This made Kathy think, and
she had a sudden worry.

   "Bob, How big is your thing?"

   "Well, you've got it in your hand, Kathy."

   "No...  I mean how BIG?"

   "Oh.  You mean like small, medium or large?"

   "Yeah.  Like that."

   "I'd say about medium.  About average sized for a man."

   "It looks and feels big to me.  What would a grown up woman, say like...
Um, say like my Mom?  What would she think?"

   Bob looked at her for a long time.  "Well Kathy, I'd have no way of
knowing that, would I?  I hardly know your Mom."

   Lilly, who had been fingering her Daddy's penis, was tired of the delay.
"Let's do twicks!"

   "You could ask her out for a date.  Like Saturday?  I could have Lilly
for a sleepover."

   Lilly perked up at that.  "Yes Daddy!  Lilly sleep over with Kathy!"

   Since Bob was still mulling over what Kathy's motive was, he missed
Lilly's boo-boo.  Also, Kathy had begun to jack him off, and that was not
helping him concentrate.

   "We could have Laura too." Kathy said.

   "Wait a minute.  None of you are over nine.  Who is going to baby sit?"

   "We could get Laura's Uncle Billy!" Kathy cried, as if the idea just hit
her.

   "Nothing like having the wolf watch the sheep." Bob said.

   "Huh?" Kathy didn't get it about wolves and sheep.  Bob talked funny
sometimes.

   "What if your Mom doesn't want to go out with me?"

   "But she does!  She told me she likes you." This was a bald faced lie,
but Kathy managed to sound convincing, and of course Bob, with male vanity
wasn't hard to convince.

   "Really?  Well, maybe we will see, and with that, he pulled the two
girls up on the bed, and lay down on his back with Lilly sitting on his
face.

   This was Kathy's favorite thing to do, so she knelt beside him to take
him in her mouth and get him nice and hard and wet and slippery so he would
slide right in when she mounted him.

   Lilly watched her closely, paying as much attention as she could,
considering what Bob was doing to her little bottom with his tongue.  When
Kathy mounted her Daddy, and turned forward, Lilly leaned toward her for
their usual sloppy kiss.

   Mounting Bob was so neat!  Kathy sat on his cock as it lay along his
body, and felt the hard shaft fill her whole crack.  After her kiss with
Lilly, she decided to slide back and forth on top, and give her clit a
little workout.  Bob liked this too, almost as much as fucking.  Kathy kept
it up until so much slippery juice had ran out of her and onto Bob's cock
and her clit that there wasn't any friction anymore.  Then she raised
herself up, and took the slippery shaft in her hand and guided it into her
hole.  As usual it slipped in easily and filled her with warmth and
tingles.

   Lilly could watch her Daddy's big thing slide up into Kathy, and then
see the shiny wet shaft go sliding in and out.  It made her kind of mad
that Kathy could do that and not her.  He was her Daddy.  She wondered how
it felt to have something inside of you, besides Daddy's little finger. 
Kathy had all the luck!  Then Daddy stuck his tongue up her hole as far as
it would go and wiggled it like he did sometimes, and she pretended it was
his other thing in her.

   Bob was having two little girls in the most delicious way a man could
want, but even so, his mind was wandering, even as he responded to both
girls.  He was thinking about Kathy's mom, Anita.  He had only known her a
week.  Of course, they had hit it off at Kathy's party, and she obviously
loved Lilly.  Who didn't love Lilly?  He knew he wasn't a bad looking guy,
he was a good stock broker, so what the heck.  If Kathy said Anita liked
him, maybe he would call and ask her out Saturday.

   Kathy was watching Lilly's eyes, and when she saw them start to roll up
towards her forehead, she knew Lilly was having her little cum.  Shortly
after, Bob helped Lilly snuggle up to his side, and she started to suck her
thumb.  Now Bob and Kathy could concentrate on reaching their orgasms.  Bob
clutched Kathy's hips and helped her back and forward motion as he humped
into her.

   When the little girl cried out she was cumming, Bob redoubled his
efforts so as to finish with her, but he couldn't make it.  Kathy orgasmed
alone.  As she had her climax, Bob held her and cuddled her until she sat
upright on his cock again.  As soon as she could look around again, Kathy
met Lilly's eyes.  The message in them was clear.  Hurry up, I want to get
out and throw rocks.  Kathy started to move again to finish Bob off.  Bod
held her still.

   "Wait Kathy, Give me a couple minutes and we can do it again."

   Kathy saw Lilly's thumb come out and her lower lip quiver.  She decided
to try something she hadn't tried in a while.  Squeeze, release, squeeze.
Release.  Deep in her pussy she flexed her muscles.

   "Kathy!  Stop that.  You know that makes me..."

   Squeeze, release, squeeze, release, squeeze, release, squeeze, release.

   "CUM!" Bob said with a groan.

   Kathy felt his cock throb and spurt hot semen up into her.  She smiled
at Lilly.  Lilly smiled back and sat up.

   "All done Daddy?  Thwow wocks in the wivaw now?" Lilly asked.

   "Yes Lilly.  Go throw rocks."

   Kathy jumped off Bob and ran for the door holding herself.  She and
Lilly ran for the river bank, bare little butts flashing in the sunlight.
Bob cleaned himself and followed when he could.  Those darn little girls
seemed to have conspired against him somehow.  He laughed as he went to
join them.  The man and the two little girls had half an hour of innocent
fun on the beach and in the river before Bob herded them back to the house
to have their snack and then get dressed.

   On the ride home, Kathy reminded Bob to call and ask her Mom out.  She
was going to have to work on her about the sleep over, and that date would
really help.

   That's it for this time.

   All my stories are fantasies.  All people, places and events exist only
in my imagination.  Don't try this at home.

   






   
