The Rain Makes Things Hotter
by applevalyan©


Unlike most people, I sometimes enjoy getting wet not just wet but soaking wet 
in the rain. I've always enjoyed playing in the rain and getting soaking wet, 
even as a little girl. But my 'pleasure' with getting wet started while I was 
still in high school. I had just turned 18 and a boy I grew up with took me 
downtown to a local festival for my birthday present. We had been a neighbors 
and good friends most of my life. It was a very warm day and all I was wearing 
was a light blue halter top, jean short-shorts and sandals. Rain storms blew up 
quickly and before we had time made it to his car we were wet. Jason sat behind 
the wheel and stared at me as if he was in shock. I asked why he was looking at 
me so weird and he mumbled that he could see right through my top. I looked down and could easily see my nipples through the wet blue material. I was a little 
embarrassed and folded my arms in front of me telling him to take me home. 

Jason has seen me in my bikini many times over the years but never like this, 
and for some reason I was more excited than upset about it and the more I 
thought about it the more I liked the idea of him seeing me like this. I was 
still a virgin at this time and had only let a couple boys feel my tits from 
outside my shirt. I slowly let my arms down trying not to let on to Jason I was 
doing it on purpose. I could feel my heart beating faster as I looked down to 
see what I was going to let Jason see when we got to my house. 

When we got to my house my mother's car was gone so I told Jason to go ahead and pull into his driveway. She had told me last night that she was going to visit 
her sister and that she might be late returning. I faced Jason and watched as 
his eyes dropped to my wet top as gave him the key to side door of the garage at 
my house. The rain had just gotten to my house just before we pulled up, so we 
had to make a dash for the door in the pouring rain. He ran to the door as I 
slowly walked across the front yard getting soaking wet again. I got to the door 
just as he got it open and told him to follow me inside to get a towel. 

There were still towels in the clothes dryer in the garage, so I got us a 
couple. I noticed Jason couldn't keep his eyes off my wet shirt and I was 
enjoying him looking at my titties though the wet material, so I dried my hair 
and arms not wanting to touch my top. Jason and I talked a couple minutes before 
I told him I needed to go to my room and change into some dry clothes. I told 
him that if he wanted he could put the clothes he was wearing in the dryer and 
wrap a towel around himself and join me in the kitchen. I looked back as I left 
and seen him make an adjustment to the front of his pants. It excited and 
thrilled me knowing I was the cause of his adjustment.

I went to my room completely undress and dried off. Blow drying my hair while 
still nude. I looked through my drawers trying to find just the right thing to 
wear. I finally settled on wearing an old pair of very short cut-offs without 
panties. I hadn't worn them in a couple years and have grown a bit since I wore 
them last and now they were very tight. For a top I wore an old, tight, 
well-worn thin white t-shirt which I definitely wanted to wear braless. This 
accidental wet top exposure had really got my juices going and I wanted to show 
off a little more to Jason before he went home. I looked in the mirror and it 
looked perfect. I could still see my nipples but not as much as when I was wet. 

Jason was in the kitchen with a towel wrapped around his waist and looking out 
the glass doors at the rain. I remember saying that I glad I was dry again and 
not caught out in the rain still. Jason turned and stated that I did look a lot 
drier as his eyes opened wide. I made us a couple sandwiches and we sat at the 
table and talked. He apologized at the way he stared at me while I was wet but 
that it was the first time he had ever seen so clearly what was under a girl's 
top. 

I told him not to give it another thought and that I wasn't mad about it and that 
I was just glad a lot of people didn't see me that way. But I thinking at the 
same time that that was something I might want to happen one day. The rain 
finally let up and Jason got up to leave and I got wild idea. I sort of 
'accidentally' spilled my glass of water on my shirt. I yelled at the shock of 
cold water on my chest and Jason turned and looked as I stood up. I looked down 
and started to laugh. Jason looked at me with a shocked, puzzled look. I smiled 
and said, "I don't believe this. I've never had a man see me in a wet shirt 
before and you've got to see my tits wet twice in one afternoon. Please don't go 
spreading this around, O.K.!" He just stared at my tits again. I looked down and 
I was more exposed than earlier. And then with him looking, I rubbed and 
squeezed my wet tits. 

I then escorted him into the garage to get his clothes from the dryer. As he 
bent to get his clothes I reach for the towel and jerked. I saw his naked ass 
and giggled as I turned away. He hollered, "What the hell Jesse?" I told him I 
had to know if he still had underwear on or if he was naked under the towel plus 
he had seen me almost topless and fair was fair. He got dressed, I told him bye. 
And as soon as I closed the door, I stripped naked in the garage and ran to my 
room to masturbate. 

I seen Jason the next day and since he is my best friend I just had to tell him 
that the blue top getting wet was an accident. But that the second time in the 
white t-shirt I had gotten it wet on purpose. I explained I had really enjoyed 
the looks he gave my wet tits the first time and just had to see if I enjoyed it 
as much the second time. 

All he said was, "Did ya?"

I smiled and said, "Even more!" 

He said he liked it too. And that if I enjoyed it so much when was I going to do 
it again and could he be around to see? 

My mind went into overdrive. I told him to meet me on the back patio in five 
minutes. I actually ran to my room and stripped naked and put on my black thong 
underwear and a light yellow t-shirt that came to about mid-thigh. When I got to 
the patio I got the garden hose and gave it to Jason and told him to wet me down 
good. He had the biggest grin on his face as he took the hose. The water was 
cold as it hit my hot body. I slowly turned as Jason soaked the shirt. When I 
faced Jason again I looked down and could clearly see my body and my hard little 
nipples. I couldn't help myself as I took my tits in my hands and squeezed the 
nipples. I got my senses back to me and asked Jason if he liked what he saw. 

He said he did and asked if I was going to take the shirt off now. I thought for 
a moment and told him "No! I don't want to be naked just almost naked. I like 
being seen wet and braless for now." I remain outside for about an hour and let 
Jason wet me down twice more, but that cold water did nothing to cool off my 
pussy. I took care of that later. Jason got to see my wet tits a couple more 
times that summer. Once in the rain and once more on the patio. 

That first accidental exposure turned me on immensely and over the last few 
years, I had gotten caught in the rain dozens of times. Most of them have been 
on purpose of course. And living in Florida with its almost everyday summer 
afternoon scattered thunderstorms gives me a lot of opportunities to get my 
shirts wet. I keep thin t-shirts and tank tops on the backseat of my car so I 
can be ready when I get the chance. Since I only have small 'B' tits I rarely 
wear a bra, it only takes a second to jump in the backseat of my car and change 
into a more appropriate top to show off my tits when I gets wet. 

Some of my favorites are; I have 3 men's white tank top style undershirts, a 
light yellow mesh t-shirt, a white stretch lace tank top, an off white shorty 
gauze top, an almost sheer when dry but transparent when wet pink halter top, 
and a couple thin cotton halter tops. Oh, I have more but these are my 
favorites. Just last week I had the pink halter on when I got soaked going from 
the car to inside 'Radio Shack' to get something for my brother. All three of 
the guys in there were so friendly and helpful. I get that response a lot when I 
go into a store in a wet shirt. I wonder why? I've gone into Supermarkets, 
Walmart and K-mart, Malls, fast food restaurants, you name it. I get a lot of 
looks and surprising very few complaints. 

I jog often to stay in shape. My usual outfit is a tight pair of short-shorts 
and a thin sports bra. I look forward to jogging in the rain. The rain helps 
keep me cool but it also makes me hot as I run down a sidewalk next to a busy 
road in my wet see-thru top. 

I have a few bikinis I wear often and the three things they all have in common 
are that they are all very small, one color (usually a light color, no prints or 
patterns ever!) and the lining has been removed from all of them. It's more fun 
the wear them when they are see-thru. 

And you are almost always guaranteed to find me at a summertime festival braless 
and in a thin top or a short thin sundress just hoping to get caught in an 
afternoon shower. I don't shave my bush completely off. I want people to see a 
dark spot at my crotch when I get wet. So I also don't wear panties under my 
thin shorts and dresses. 

The most public display of my see-thru exhibitionism was when two of my 
water-skiing buddies asked me to join them at 'Bush Gardens Tampa' one Saturday 
last summer. All I wore were some baby-blue low-rise cotton boy-shorts and a 
thin white triangle halter-top with blue strings that tied in back. I went 
through a dozen outfits before I settled on this one. A person could already 
make out the darker area of my nipples under the thin top while it was still 
dry. My pussy was getting wet in the anticipation of getting it wet. They told 
me, when they asked me to come along, that it was a good possibility I would get 
wet when I rode the water rides. I got excited at the prospect of getting my top 
wet for hundreds to see. I was so excited at the prospect of major exhibitionism 
that I had trouble getting to sleep and I ended up masturbating twice to relax. 

The first ride we rode was a log ride; I just got splashed on, bummer! The 
rapids ride was next, it looked more promising. A sign on the waiting line 
stated that a person could get wet, possibly soaked. SOAKED! Now we were 
talking! And boy did I ever get soaked. I went directly under the waterfall. It 
looked like I lost my top. It looked like all I had on for a top were a couple 
of blue strings. I had never gotten this top wet before and was surprised at how 
transparent it got. I felt my face get hot from the embarrassment at first but 
the heat in my face quickly transferred to my pussy. I told the guys I wanted to 
ride the rapids again. We rode them SIX TIMES that day and I had THOUSANDS of 
people see my tits through my little wet top. We rode the roller-coasters and 
other rides that day too between the rapids rides. When my top dried out, we 
when back to the rapids ride and got it wet again. I ended up having going to 
the restroom to masturbate twice that day.

The fourth time on the ride just before we got on the raft I needed to go to the 
bathroom but I didn't want to lose my spot in line so I did something I had 
never done before. The seats are already wet when you first get on the ride, so 
during the ride, I pee in my pants. I actually enjoyed the nice warm feeling 
between my legs and along with the shock of the cool water splashing on me and 
six very cute friendly guys staring at my wet top, made for one enjoyable ride. 
At the end of the day, I was so wet; my finger tips were wrinkled like prunes. A 
thunderstorm hit hard at the end of the day essentially closing down the park. 
We were way in the back so we ended up walking all the way across the park in 
the pouring rain. Most people hid under walkways and in doorways waiting for it 
to let up. I just walked slowly in the rain getting as wet as possible. I looked 
almost topless as I walked across the park to our car. I was getting hotter by 
the second because of all the people looking at my tits through my wet see-thru 
top.

The rain began to slack off as we walked across the parking lot to the car. As 
we were getting in the car to leave I hugged the guys thanking them for a 
wonderful and enjoyable day and for make one of my fantasies come true. Then 
Barry pulled the string on my back untying my top. I just pulled the rest over 
my head and climbed in the back seat and told Barry to join me in the back as 
Chad drove. I noticed both guys had hard-ons as I hugged them, but how could 
they not when they looked at my wet titties all day. I had just planned on 
jerking them off as we rode home, me topless, but my horniness got the best of 
me and I sucked one off as the other drove. I was no stranger to giving blow 
jobs, I had done both of them once before but on separate dates. 

When I go waterskiing all I ever wear are my bikini bottoms and a t-shirt. I've 
gone a few times before with four guy friends I trust to be alone with. They 
love my wet shirts. The first time I ever flashed a bare tit in public was with 
these guys, it was an accident but I enjoyed it. I was waterskiing and had worn 
a t-shirt I had cut off to a couple inches below my tits and as I was skiing the 
shirt got blown up by the wind and the splashing water. I pulled it back down a 
few times but finally gave up and let it go where it wanted. The guys dared me 
to go skiing topless, I DID and it was a blast. 

They've even dared to go skiing nude. I haven't yet, they don't know yet, but I 
really want to try. It sounds like it would be fun. Probably the next time we 
ski I'll do it. I'm going to wear my little top again and am planning on losing 
it earlier in the day this time. Oh, they have seen me naked before, we've been 
skinny-dipping on a few occasions. But I've never exposed my nudity in open 
public till my topless ski episode and now I want to be completely nude while I 
ski. 

There has been no group sex involved, although I have sucked them all off one or 
twice on different occasions. I enjoy giving a little head to someone now and 
then when the mood is right. I'm still a virgin at 21 but I like being felt up 
while we skinny-dip and there is usually a lot of grabby-feely both ways. I love 
the feel of a hard cock or cocks in my hand or both hands while they have their 
hands all over my body. 

I've been on the pill for about 6 months now and I'm very interested in one of 
the guys I ski with and we have another date planned for this Friday night. I 
hope he's ready for me because I'm planning on wearing this cute little white 
gauze dress with nothing under it and I don't care where he takes me, and I'm 
planning to tease the hell out of him until he takes my cherry. I may be a 
virgin but I am one HORNY VIRGIN!






 