The Secret Nudist
by Timeris

Kaitlyn embarks on a nude lifestyle. Coral Point beckons!

Kaitlyn stood at the kitchen counter waiting for the coffee maker to finish brewing a fresh cup. She felt the cool air through the thin material of her night shirt, and wished for the tenth time that morning that Ashley, her roommate, would hurry up and go to work.

The coffee machine finished its job with a series of watery burbles of escaping steam. She gratefully lifted the cup to her mouth, took a sip, and turned to Ashley, who was sitting at the small dining room table.

"I'm sorry, I missed that, what did you say?"

"You're really distracted this morning. What times are you working tonight?"

"I'm working three to eleven today. Why?"

"Mark is coming over tonight."

"Ah. Okay. I should be home around midnight. I'll take my time and make sure I don't get in a minute earlier."

"Thanks. It's so hard to get a little privacy."

You don't know the half of it... She thought, careful to keep the look of frustration off her face.

Ashley got up from the table, and walked down the hall towards her room.

Kaitlyn watched her retreating back, and with a mischievous grin, made a split second decision. While her roommate was still in sight, she set down her coffee cup on the counter, and with a swift motion, reached under her night shirt and pulled her panties to her ankles. She quickly stepped out them, and looked around quickly for a place to hide them. She settled on the cabinet under the kitchen sink, tossing them to the back, and closing the door as Ashley came out of her room, carrying a messenger bag.

She stood up straight and tried to appear casual as she reached again for her cup. Ashley gave her a puzzled look, but didn't say anything.

Kaitlyn realized that her night shirt was long enough to cover her sex, but not by much. What she hadn't accounted for was that the material was thin enough that you could see she was no longer wearing the black panties.

She moved around the opposite side of the counter, and casually walked to the couch. Ashley had a bemused look watching Kaitlyn's night shirt go transparent as she was backlit by the morning sun streaming through the window.

Kaitlyn was unaware of this as she sat down carefully, trying to avoid immediately flashing her hairless vulva to her roommate. She put the cup down on the coffee table, then tucked her knees up underneath her, pulling the shirt down over her thighs.

Ashley stopped at the front door, pulling the messenger back strap onto her shoulder.

"Thanks again for tonight. See you at midnight... But not one minute before!" She headed out the door, closing it behind her.

The door closed, and Kaitlyn bounded up from the couch, heading quickly to the front window of their small two bedroom house. She stood back far enough from the window that Ashley couldn't see her, and as soon as her roommate's car backed out of the driveway, she pulled the night shirt over her head.

Kaitlyn had recently discovered that she really liked being nude, and the more she did it, the more she sought out new chances. She hadn't quite built up the nerve to go out in public, but at this point, just the feeling of the air on her bare skin within the house was enough to make her senses come alive.

She gathered her night shirt, retrieved her panties, and added them to the already full hamper. As she picked it up, she happily reflected on the fact that she didn't need to get dressed for at least five hours, more if she held off to the last second before she needed to leave for work. She filled the washing machine and cheerfully went about the rest of her morning chores.

It's amazing how much more fun housework is when you're naked. She thought as she made her bed.

She finished straightening up the living room, and sat down for a second cup of coffee. The light streaming in the sliding glass door to the patio was enticing. Taking her cup, she walked over to look outside. It was a beautiful morning, and the back yard and patio were awash with sunlight.

Should she? It was tempting. The yard was fenced in, no other houses were nearby, so the chances of anyone seeing her were slim. Besides, what harm would it cause if anyone saw her?

With a shiver of excitement, she made up her mind and unlocked the sliding door. She pushed it open, and in a flash, the warm Florida air washed over her skin. Before she could chicken out, she stepped outside, her first time naked in the open air.

She felt a little dazed as she walked unsteadily to the table and slowly set down her cup. Stepping off the deck, she felt the grass on her bare feet, and slowly wandered around the small back yard, reveling in the sensations of being naked outdoors. She vowed she would do this every day possible.

She went back to her room and picked up her book and glasses. Before heading back outside, she grabbed a tube of sunscreen from the bathroom. She stood in front of the full length mirror in her room, and liberally applied the lotion to every inch of skin she could reach.

Kaitlyn was about five feet five inches tall, with small firm breasts in proportion to her body. She wasn't flat chested, but she wore bras more from decorum than necessity. Her nipples were small and brown, and they got darker as they hardened. It occurred to her that they showed through her night shirt pretty prominently. She wasn't too thin, nor was she too plump. Everything was firm and toned from hours of yoga. Wore her brown hair shoulder length, with auburn highlights. Her face was more pretty than beautiful, and she had greenish-blue eyes and a ready smile that others found infectious. She had a light tan over most of her skin, other than her very white breasts and pubic region.

Not bad, but I hate those tan lines. She ran her hand over her hairless mound, gently working in the sunscreen. Some stubble there to work on...

She returned to the deck, sat back on the lounger, and was soon immersed in the story. An hour or so passed, and she turned on her stomach, feeling the warm sun on her buttocks.

Before long, she set her book down, turned onto her back and closed her eyes. She began to explore her sex with one hand, while pinching her nipple with the other. Working in concentric circles on her clitoris, she soon had a wonderful orgasm, all the more special as it was the first one she'd had outdoors. Two minutes later, she drifted off into a contented slumber.

Some time later, she woke up, slightly groggy. She went to the kitchen counter and found her phone, and realized it was nearly time to get ready for work. She grabbed a quick lunch, and went to take a shower.

Ten minutes later, she was toweling off. It was still early, so but she decided to just towel dry her hair and to braid tight pigtails. She finished her light makeup and reluctantly headed to the bedroom to put on her work clothes.

Kaitlyn worked at a local restaurant. It was nothing fancy, in fact, it was pretty casual. Her work uniform consisted of a polyester polo shirt in a bright red, a black denim mini skirt that fell to mid-thigh and black sneakers.

So far, she'd continued wearing underwear when she left the house, but her afternoon in the sun had moved things up a notch. She decided that it would be a fun day to leave the bra and panties in the drawer. She pulled the polo shirt over her head, realizing the form fitting shirt was thin enough that her hardening nipples showed through. Her breasts were small enough that they bounced a little, but it wasn't really obvious. The big leap was leaving the house without panties. Luckily, the mini skirt was long enough that as long as she was careful, nobody but her would ever know.

She sat on the edge of the bed and put on her sneakers. A little experimentation helped her figure out just how much or how little she could show, and she spent a couple of minutes amusing herself trying it out. Her long labia seemed to swell a little as she played with spreading her legs as if by accident.

She looked at the clock, and realized it was time to go to work. She grabbed her apron, and small backpack and headed off to work.

*****

"Hey, your headlights are showing." Her friend Lara whispered in her ear.

"Is it that obvious?"

"A little. I don't think anyone minds though."

"Yeah, the tips have been really good tonight."

"Maybe I should try it too."

"You have my full, enthusiastic support!"

Lara laughed and went back to work.

An hour later, Kaitlyn noticed Lara coming back from her break. Her full breasts seemed to be swaying in a rather noticeable fashion, and the thin polyester shirt was trying in vain to restrain her rock hard nipples.

One of the bus boys walked by the two waitresses and remarked "I guess the air conditioning is working!"

Lara blushed a little, but didn't cover up.

The shift went must faster than usual, as the two waitresses competed to mildly tease their customers. At one point, Kaitlyn squatted down next to a customer's table, deliberately working the angle to allow him to see more than he expected. She felt herself tingling with excitement at her tiny amount of exposure.

*****

The restaurant closed at 10:00 and by 10:45 they'd finished their closing duties, and were ready to leave.

"I'm starving, want to go to the diner? I promised my roommate I wouldn't be home until midnight."

"Sure, meet you there."

*****

They sat in a booth at the back, and the waitress came over. Once they put in their orders, Kaitlyn said "I think that was the best night of tips I've ever had."

"Same here. Even splitting with everyone, we did great!"

"It's official, I'm never wearing a bra to work again!"

Or panties, and EVER, not just to work... she thought as she smiled innocently at her best friend.

Lara laughed and made a small clapping gesture. "You're my hero."

"What about you? It was way more obvious once you joined me. Nice knockers there!"

"That was surprisingly fun. I think that was the fastest a work night has ever gone! I think we made a lot of people happy tonight."

Their food arrived, and they ate in silence. When they were finished, Kaitlyn glanced at her phone, and saw that it was already after midnight. They sat chatting for a little bit, then paid their bill, and went their separate ways.

*****

Kaitlyn pulled into the driveway, noting that Mark's car was still parked at the curb. The porch light was on, but the house appeared dark. She unlocked the door and stepped in. Everything was quiet as she locked up and headed to her room.

She closed the bedroom door, and turned on the desk lamp. While her computer was booting up, she gratefully pulled the polo shirt over her head. Two seconds later, the skirt was unzipped and laying on the floor. She sat down in the desk chair and removed her sneakers.

A half hour later, the cash from her tips was safely stashed in her desk, and she was looking at her social media when she realized she was thirsty. She briefly thought about throwing on her night shirt, but dismissed the idea. For one, she hadn't heard anything from her roommate's bedroom since she got in the house, and for another, she really didn't want to.

She turned off the desk lamp, since the light from the computer would shine less obviously, and quietly opened her door, listening carefully for movement. Not seeing or hearing anything, she walked down the short hallway to the kitchen. She took a glass from the cabinet, and opened the refrigerator to get the pitcher of iced tea. She heard a quiet gasp and looked up to see Ashley standing in the hallway with her hand on the bathroom door handle looking her way, her mouth open, and her eyes wide. The light from the refrigerator was enough to illuminate both of them, and Kaitlyn got a good look at the blonde girl's pale, naked figure before Lara recovered and darted into the bathroom.

Kaitlyn blushed a little at the realization of getting caught, but it was the middle of the night, and apparently she wasn't the only one wandering around the house naked. It was too late to worry about it in any case.

She picked up her glass, and walked back to her room, noting the light under the bathroom door. She closed her bedroom door, trying to make it loud enough that Ashley could hear, and went back to browsing the internet. She half-expected a knock, but all she heard was the toilet flushing, sounds of washing up, and the quiet retreat of footsteps to the end of the hallway.

As she lay in bed that night, she masturbated for the second time, this time replaying all the moment she got caught naked. She fantasized for a while about getting seen by Mark as well and both them using her for being such a wanton slut. She pictured herself going down on Ashley, who held her in place by grabbing her pigtails, all while Mark penetrated her virgin rectum. The orgasm was satisfying and explosive.

*****

The next morning, Kaitlyn put on her night shirt, and didn't even bother finding panties. At this point, she figured the pretense was over. She went and brushed her teeth, and headed to the kitchen.

Ashley was there, wearing a tank top and a pair of loose pajama bottoms. She looked up when Kaitlyn came in, and there was a brief awkward silence.

"Where's Mark?" Kaitlyn asked, giving Ashley a way out of any weird conversation.

"He left early this morning. He had to work today." She looked visibly relieved to have something mundane to talk about.

"That's too bad."

"Thanks for coming home later than usual."

"No problem. Lara and I went out to the diner after work."

Kaitlyn opened a cupboard and reached high for a coffee mug, forgetting how she was dressed. Ashley blushed and turned her attention to making a bowl of cereal.

Kaitlyn felt bad. She wasn't really friends with Ashley, but she liked her well enough. Her intent was not to make her roommate uncomfortable, just to be comfortable herself. She had a momentary twinge of excitement remembering her fantasies from the night before.

She took her cup of coffee, and headed back to her room. She shut the door, and after hesitating briefly, she took off the night shirt. She heard Ashley showering, and not long after, the front door closing behind her roommate.

*****

A few months went by. Kaitlyn did her best to keep her nudity to herself. She didn't want to have a weird relationship with her roommate, who clearly wasn't comfortable with the whole thing. Kaitlyn noticed that she and Mark were getting closer, and that Ashley spent as much time as possible at his place.

She took every opportunity she could find to leave her clothes behind. She'd stopped wearing underwear altogether, which felt completely liberating. Her back yard sessions had resulted in an all over tan. Her tanned appearance, and obvious braless state had really improved her tips. Both she and Lara had enjoyed the attention and the increased income. Their boss had also noticed, and while she never said anything to either of them about it, the uniform polo shirt had changed from bright red to white, and the material was subtly thinner. A couple of their female coworkers also got the idea, and the restaurant now had a quiet reputation for the sexy waitresses with a subsequent increase in business that it attracted.

Kaitlyn took some of her extra cash and treated herself to a full body laser treatment. She loved the sensual feel of her now permanently hairless skin. The silky smoothness felt really good, especially with her careful lotion regimen to keep it that way.

She spent a lot of time online in her free time. Her evening hours made it difficult to socialize, and she wasn't really all that interested in dating lately. She watched a lot of porn, especially anything related to nudism. She also found that she enjoyed vibrators, as well as a stainless steel butt plug, complete with a big fake jewel. On occasion, she'd worn it out of the house, even to work on a few times.

She began to do some more research into the nudist lifestyle, rather than just pictures, and found herself attracted to the idea of living that way as permanently as possible. She fantasized about never wearing clothes again, even though that was probably an impossibility.

She found the website for the town of Coral Point, several hour's drive away. A year before, the Coral Point was going under, until they almost unanimously voted to make the entire town clothes free. She was immediately hooked by the idea.

She decided to book a short stay at the hotel on the beach there, and see what it would be like to be nude all the time. Her lease was up soon, and she and Ashley had already agreed that they wouldn't renew it. If the experience was what she hoped for, she was going to part ways with Ashley and move into a situation she found more appealing.

The next day she asked for a week off. They arranged the time, and that night, Kaitlyn sat at her computer, her heart beating fast, hovering over the "Book Now" button on the hotel's website.

Two weeks later, she packed a small bag, put on a sundress, and hopped in the car for her adventure.

*****

She arrived at the non-resident parking lot at Coral Point late on a sunny Monday morning. There was a prominent sign stating the town rules in the municipal parking lot. The entire town was clothes free, with the exception of contractors, delivery people, and emergency personnel.

According to the website, she had the option of getting a temporary town pass for her car, so she could park at the hotel, but decided to leave her car in the town lot and walk the couple of miles there. She figured it would help her ease into it, and get a feel for the town as a whole.

Since it was a weekday, there weren't a lot of cars in the lot. She stepped out of her car, and walked over to the ticket machine. She pushed the button for a ticket, and when it popped out, went back to her car to leave it visible on the dash.

She opened the back hatch, and with a final look around, she unbuttoned the sundress down to her navel, and stepped out of it. There was an immediate rush of excitement, realizing that for the first time, she was naked outside of the privacy of her own home or yard.

She folded the dress, and tucked it into the back, and picked up her backpack containing toiletries and other things for the week. She slung it on her shoulder, and closed the hatch.

She She locked the car, and followed the signs for the beach walk, feeling a little self conscious but happily excited the farther she got from the car.

At the entrance to the beach walk, there was a map of the town and a short history:

Coral Point was built on a peninsula in the 1950s. The entire town was surrounded by beautiful beaches, made more popular in the last year by going clothes free. The current population was still under a thousand people, but apparently it was steadily growing.

She followed the path that led out between the dunes, and was rewarded with a wide open expanse of beautiful Florida beach. There was a wide sidewalk following the length of the beach, and a gentle slope down the sand to the water. She could see a few people laying out and playing in the water, but being a weekday, it wasn't terribly crowded. It took her a second to realize an important fact, one that hadn't really sunk in until that moment. Everybody, herself included, really was nude.

Not only am I naked, but I don't have a stitch of clothing with me and I'm getting farther from them with every step!

She couldn't believe how good it felt, the warm ocean breeze on her skin, and the excitement of being completely exposed in public for the first time.

She decided to walk to the hotel first and check in, then spend some time exploring the town. She made her way along the sidewalk, resisting the urge to cover up when an older couple came the opposite way walking their dog. She was thankful for her sunglasses, as she openly stared at the man's fully exposed penis. He was completely hairless as well, and his flaccid member looked enormous to her inexperienced eyes. The couple smiled and said "good morning!" and continued past her. She smiled back at the utter normality of their interaction and kept going.

I really need to keep from ogling every other naked person who comes along... She thought, even while glancing back at the couples' naked buttocks.

She began to notice houses set back from the beach. Most of them were 1950s bungalows, but she also noticed a few new houses being built in a more modern style. A little further on, there was a sign marking a turnoff into the town center. With a little trepidation she decided to take it, amused that she thought naked people in town was more intimidating than at a beach.

The short path from the beach opened up onto a pleasant suburban street, and she could see stores up ahead of her. Soon, she reached a park in the center of town, with shaded paths and benches. To one side, there were a couple of small municipal buildings.

It was still strange to see everyone as naked as she was, but it was also liberating. Nobody looked at her in shock or disapproval. In fact, more than once, people were quite friendly to her. If you dismissed the universal nudity, it was just like any other small town she'd visited.

Just past the town hall, she noticed the four story hotel up ahead, not far from a restaurant right next to the beach. She walked into the lobby, and was greeted by an older man, naked as she was, sitting behind the counter.

"Good morning Miss, can I help you?"

"Hi, my name is Kaitlyn Walsh, I have a room booked for the week."

"Hi Kaitlyn, let me take a look."

He turned to the computer, and keyed in her name.

"Here we go. I booked you in with an ocean view. I hope you enjoy your stay."

"Thanks so much!"

He handed her a key card, and directed her to the stairs. "Fourth floor in the back, Room 410. You'll have a great view of the beach up there."

She walked up the stairs, and found that her room was all the way on the end. The door lock buzzed when she inserted the key, and she found herself in an air conditioned hotel room. It was nothing luxurious, but it was clean, modernized, and comfortable. There was a king sized bed facing the windows. The blinds on the sliding glass door were closed. She opened them up, and was treated to a beautiful view of the end of the peninsula, with white sandy beaches curving away from her in both directions. There were a number of people on the sand, but it was still relatively quiet.

It was still a little surreal to realize that the only clothes she had were locked in her car, several miles away. It was going to take her a little while to get used to that.

She took her phone, credit card and ID, and her new key card, and headed out to explore the town. Her first stop was to find a small bag to carry her things around in. She spotted a store that looked promising for that and entered. She found the racks of tee shirts with palm trees and "CORAL POINT, FLORIDA" across the front to be mildly ironic, but that was something to expect in a tourist spot. She went to the counter to ask if they had any bags.

The woman behind the counter was a pretty woman in her early thirties. She had long purple hair and a nice tan. Her firm breasts both had gold rings piercing the nipples.

"Hi, I'm looking for a small bag to hold all this, can you help me out?" Kaitlyn asked, holding up her collection of stuff she was juggling.

"Sure, let me show you."

The woman came from behind the counter, and Kaitlyn couldn't help noticing that not only was the woman completely hairless, but also sported a piercing through her clitoral hood and a colorful abstract mandala design tattoo on her mons.

"You like it?"

"Sorry! I didn't mean to stare, I'm new at this!" Kaitlyn said.

"Oh, don't worry, if I didn't want to show it, I wouldn't have done it."

"It's really nice work."

"A friend of mine has a shop in town. Martin is an artist."

"Did the piercings hurt? I've been thinking about getting some."

"It depends, but it's not too bad. "

The woman directed her to a rack with small backpacks. "I have some fanny packs as well if that suits you better."

"No this is great." Kaitlyn picked out a small backpack, in a bright blue, just big enough to hold the items she brought with her.

She followed the woman back to the counter and paid for her purchase. While she filled the new bag, she got the name and location for the tattoo parlor.

She thanked the woman and left the shop, and went to find lunch. She decided to go to the beach side restaurant near the hotel. She noticed the "We're Hiring, all shifts!" sign near the entrance to the patio. When the hostess greeted her, she asked for an application to fill in while she waited.

She was seated at a small table on the patio, with an excellent view of the beach. She was looking through the menu when a pretty redheaded waitress came to her table. "Hi, I'm Taylor, can I answer any questions about the menu?"

"Hi Taylor, no, I'm good, but can I get an iced tea?"

"Sure, I'll be right back with that."

Taylor returned with her drink, and she placed her order. She filled out the application, and set it aside when the pretty waitress returned with her food. When she was finished, Taylor came to the table with the check.

"Have you worked here long?"

"About two years now."

"Oh, so you were here before the famous Nude Day?"

"Yes, it was pretty boring around here before that."

"So you had no problem going nude?"

"Problem? No, I was a little scared at first, but we actually convinced our boss to change over early."

"Wow! That's dedication!" She replied with a smile.

"My best friend was pretty convincing. She stripped down at the town meeting, and talked me into doing too. It was scary and exciting at the same time."

"I can relate. Believe it or not, today is my first day nude outside my house."

"Good for you!"

"Do you like working here? As you can see, I have an application."

"I love it! This is a great place to work."

"Who should I give the application to?"

"I'll take it and hand it off to Karen, the owner. Give me a few minutes."

Kaitlyn waited nervously for a few minutes, until Taylor arrived back at her table with another woman holding her application in her hand.

She thanked Taylor, and turned to Kaitlyn smiling and extending her hand. Kaitlyn stood hup and shook her hand. "No, please have a seat, I'm Karen, the owner of Rick's Beachside."

"I'm Kaitlyn, a pleasure to meet you. Just out of curiosity, who's Rick?"

Karen laughed.

"Rick was the original owner. He sold it to me and retired a number of years ago. It was just to much trouble to change the name."

"I bet he's kicking himself now. You seem really busy."

"Yes, it's been a good year, as you can see from the 'hiring' sign out front. So, I see you live a few hours away from here, why are you applying here?"

"I'm looking to move to town, and my lease is up soon. I really liked the vibe when I came in, and Taylor made me feel welcome, and said it was a great place to work."

They talked for a half hour, ending with Karen's promise to give her a decision before the week was over. They shook hands, and Kaitlyn left to explore the town.

She applied at several other businesses in town, but really hoped to land a job at Rick's. It felt like the right place to work.

*****

Coral Point felt like home already, and she embraced her tentative decision to move there. On the surface, it looked like spur of the moment choice, but over the last year, she'd found herself gravitating towards this lifestyle. It felt as if she could fully be herself here.

The next day, she went to the real estate office on the main street in town. The agent showed her several small houses within her budget. Before Coral Point went clothes free, there were a lot of vacant properties. Although the town was making a comeback, the pool of people wanting to live in such an environment was significantly smaller than those who wanted to visit. This meant that there were a number of properties for sale that she could afford.

Kaitlyn never expected to be a homeowner at 25, so this was just too good to pass up. Most of the vacant houses were still owned by the town, and could be had for the price of back taxes. She settled on a cute 2 bedroom bungalow midway between the beach and Main Street. She couldn't believe her luck, because her obsessive saving since childhood meant that she could buy it outright, without a mortgage. She'd meant to go to college, and never went, but still saved a lot of her money. Thankfully, her needs were pretty simple, so she almost never spent any money. She filled out the paperwork, the bank transfer cleared, and in two days, she was a proud homeowner.

*****

She spent the next couple of days buying small things for the house, making sure she had cleaning supplies on hand, and that everything worked okay. She really didn't want to spend her entire vacation cleaning, but she did find it difficult to leave her exciting new home. She couldn't wait to move in.

*****

The day before she headed back, she received several phone calls with job offers. She let everyone know she'd received multiple offers, and that she would let them know by the end of the day. She was really holding out to hear from her first choice. When she saw Karen's name and number on her phone, she was relieved to receive the offer she really wanted. She immediately accepted, and called everyone else back and thanked them. Karen agreed that she would start in a few weeks, once her affairs were settled.

She decided to celebrate all her good fortune. She found the information she'd learned on the first day, and walked to the tattoo parlor. An hour later, she left with two steel nipple rings and a matching bar through her clitoral hood. She had instructions to follow and while she was mildly uncomfortable, none of the piercings were as bad as her already existing navel ring when it was new.

*****

Her last day of her trip arrived, and she headed back to her car early in the morning. While was reluctant to leave, it was all necessary to begin the next steps.

She arrived home late the next morning, and sat down with Ashley. They'd already agreed to go their separate ways, but now it was official. Ashley told her she was moving in with Mark, and that she'd yes to his marriage proposal. Kaitlyn was genuinely happy for the both of them.

They called the landlord and formally let him know they weren't renewing the lease. He was expecting it as well, and wished the both of them good fortune.

Kaitlyn called her boss, and gave her notice. She was sorry to leave, as the restaurant had been good to her, but she was eager to get to her next job as well.

The last call was the hardest. She called her best friend, and asked if she was free for lunch. They met at their usual diner, and Kaitlyn greeted Lara with some trepidation. She'd kept much of what was going on to herself, because she wasn't sure what would happen, and she was more than a little worried about Lara's reaction to everything.

"So, I'm not sure where to begin with this, so I'll start at the end and work backwards..." Kaitlyn started.

Lara looked really worried, expecting to hear that she was losing her best friend. She started to speak, but Kaitlyn cut her off.

"The end part... Will you help me move in a couple of weeks?"

Still not quite sure where this was going, but more relieved than not, Lara readily agreed.

"Don't be so quick on that answer, let me explain the rest. Let me show you my new house."

Kaitlyn took out her phone, and showed Lara the new place.

"It's beautiful! Congratulations! Where is it?"

"Coral Point."

"Oh... OH. Really?"

"So you know about it?"

"Of course, it was all over the news last year. Are you really moving there?"

"Yes. For the last year, I've been a nudist whenever I can get away with it. My lease was coming up, and neither my roommate nor I wanted to continue the relationship. So that's where I've been for the last week, giving it a trial run."

"Wow, I'm not really sure what to say..."

Kaitlyn looked at Lara, a serious expression on her face. "I loved it. I felt like I was home."

"Well, I'm glad for you. I guess this means we won't be seeing much of each other."

"You're always welcome at my place." Kaitlyn said softly.

"Thanks, that's sweet."

"Naked."

Lara choked on her drink, and began to laugh.

"Seriously though, will you help me move?"

"I already said yes. Tell me when and I'm there."

*****

Two weeks later, Lara showed up early in the morning at Kaitlyn's house. Ashley and Mark were already helping to load boxes and Kaitlyn's small amount of furniture into a U-Haul truck. When they finished, Kaitlyn said her goodbyes to Ashley and Mark.

Lara took a small overnight bag from the trunk of her car, and got into Kaitlyn's. She was going to spend the weekend at the new place, and Kaitlyn would drive her back to her own car.

Three hours later, they pulled into the municipal parking lot, at Coral Point, to Lara's confusion. Kaitlyn got out of the moving van, and took off her tank top and shorts so casually that Lara wasn't sure how to react. She was a little surprised to see Kaitlyn's piercings, as she hadn't really noticed them when Kaitlyn was dressed. It occurred to her that it was her first time seeing her friend nude.

"Come on then, time to join the club."

Lara knew what she'd signed up for, but thought she could minimize her exposure. She'd expected that they would drive straight to the house, then keep to themselves for the weekend. She resigned herself, and got out of the car, removing her tee shirt, and shorts, standing there in her bra and panties.

"Come on, stop being such a chicken." Kaitlyn said with a giggle.

Lara sighed, and with a deep breath, unclasped her bra, slipping it from her shoulders. She tried vainly to cover her breasts, but eventually realized she was just being silly and dropped her arms to the waistband of her panties. With a single swift motion, she pulled them to her ankles, then awkwardly removed them from around her sneakers.

"Why did you wear underwear? You knew what was coming."

"I always wear them except for our work shenanigans, it didn't even occur to me not to."

Kaitlyn looked at her friend for the first time without clothes. Lara was taller than she was, probably closer to five foot eight. She had a full figure, her larger breasts had sat firmly on her chest, with very little sag. Her light skin was complemented with light pink nipples, somewhat puffy. She had a narrow waist leading to wider hips. Her face was pretty, with fine features, light blue eyes and full lips. She had light brown hair, with blonde streaks, and the carpet definitely matched the drapes. The narrow landing strip of short brown hair sat above cleanly shaven lips. A fetching blush that picked up in her cheeks, and led down to her amazing breasts melted Kaitlyn's heart.

"I must say I was right, those are great knockers. Let's go get the pass for the moving van."

They got the ticket from the machine and walked back to the vehicles.

"There's a resident pass in the glove box."

They drove through the resident entrance to Coral Point, and a few minutes later, pulled up in front of Kaitlyn's new house. An hour later, and they finished emptying the moving truck.

"It still looks so empty. You're going to need to do a lot of shopping."

"I'm really looking forward to it. This will be my first place where I can truly do whatever I want!"

They took their clothes and headed off to return the moving truck, at the nearest town to Coral Point. They spent some time doing a little shopping to get some things they needed for the house, and headed back.

For the rest of the weekend, Lara became increasingly forgetful of her state of dress, finally relaxing into it.

They sat at a picnic table outside an ice cream shop, watching people walk by as they enjoyed their frozen treats. Nobody wore clothes, and everyone seemed relaxed. She saw a lot of people, no two alike, and all getting along and enjoying the warm summer evening without a stitch of clothing.

"I now understand the appeal. I don't think I've ever been this comfortable in my own skin. It's so easy to forget, and then suddenly, I'll look around and realize that I'm naked, and out in public!"

"I know what you mean. It's why I felt so at home here. I'm so glad you came to help out and experience it for yourself. I'm sorry I kept this part of me from you, I just wasn't sure how you'd react... Now I realize this wouldn't be the same without you. I wasn't kidding when I said you're always welcome here."

They finished their ice cream and stood up. Kaitlyn had a revelation. Subconsciously, she hadn't dated or had any other relationships since she met Lara. The reason never dawned on her until that moment. She realized that it had been a long time since she'd been so close to someone, and now it occurred to her that she had been waiting for Lara.

Kaitlyn put a hand on Lara's naked waist. She reached up and brushed the back of her hand on Lara's cheek, her heart beating faster. Lara responded by leaning in and kissing her on the mouth. Kaitlyn stiffened a little at the response, then relaxed, giving into the sensation. They walked hand in hand back to Kaitlyn's house, and found the bed waiting for them.

"The other convenient thing is you don't have to get undressed..." Lara whispered. She worked her way down Kaitlyn's smooth skin, and gently took the hood piercing between her teeth, giving it a tug.

"So convenient..." Kaitlyn gasped, giving in to her friend's attention on her moistening sex.

*****

The weekend passed too swiftly, especially with their newly consummated relationship. They realized that it has always been simmering just below the surface. Their only regret was figuring it out after Kaitlyn had moved so far away. This became especially obvious when Kaitlyn drove her home. The six hour round trip was not ideal, especially saying goodbye on the other end, and having to return home alone.

*****

Kaitlyn settled into a new routine. The new job was lots of fun, and she found herself becoming fast friends with her new coworker, Taylor, as well as her friend Mia. She was a little surprised to find that the two girls were not only roommates, but that they cheerfully shared a boyfriend. Greg was a quiet guy, easy to get along with, and quite well endowed. The threesome really got along well, and Kaitlyn was mildly relieved that they made no attempt to include her.

She spent most of her free time working on her house and yard, and chatting with Lara online.

Three months passed by, and she realized that she couldn't remember the last time she'd bothered to wear clothes. She decided that she would be happy that way for the rest of her life.

*****

Her phone buzzed, and she saw it was Lara.

"Hey honey. What's up?"

"Hi... I was thinking..."

Momentary fear struck Kaitlyn.

"Do you want a roommate?"

Relief washed over her.

"No."

"No??"

"I want a partner. Come join me."

"I would love to. In fact, I love you."

"I love you too."
