Wendy's Out Of Control Pussy
byexec1101©

"Honey," Andrew said, "I have a little surprise for you." Wendy loved the little gifts her boyfriend always gave her: chocolates, cards and small plush animals being her favorites. She smiled as he took her into his bedroom and told her to close her eyes. When she opened them, she beheld with surprise a box with a naked woman on the cover. Her excitement was piqued, but it was not until she saw what was inside the packaging that she really began to feel aroused.

She held the pink plastic butterfly-shaped object up, straightening the straps. "Where is the control for this thing?" She asked.

Andrew answered, "It's in my hand, baby."

"Well," she insisted impatiently. "Give it to me!"

"Baby, the point of the remote control is that I get to use it on you. Now try on the vibrator and let's see what you think."

Wendy quickly unzipped her dress and removed her panties. It took a few minutes to adjust the straps before she stood naked in front of Andrew wearing only the pink vibe. Andrew turned on the unit and Wendy nearly jumped out of her skin.

"Fuck!" She yelled. "That feels incredible, but it's positioned too high. Turn it off and let me put it lower so that it's on my clit."

Andrew turned off the remote control and Wendy repositioned the butterfly. When he turned it on again, she jerked, but made a final adjustment of the butterfly to her clit and closed her eyes. Within a few moments, her hips began to move back and forth and she said, "OK, turn it off."

Andrew said, "No, Wendy. I want to see you come. I want to look into your eyes when you come and I want to see your face."

Wendy looked at Andrew and thought, If that fucker wants a show, I'll give him a show! She looked directly into his eyes and allowed herself to completely let go and enjoy the sensation of the vibe against her clit. Her nipples hardened and she felt her moisture flow from her pussy and down the tops of her leg. Wendy was moving her hips faster now, feeling the impending orgasm, savoring the warmth that was spreading across her body. Wendy kept saying to herself, "Yes, yes, yes, yes, YES!" as her orgasm raced through her body, every nerve ending alive and stimulated. Wave after wave of contractions followed, too many to count or remember. "OK, OK, turn it off!" She finally gasped.

"Baby, you looked so fucking hot." Andrew said.

Wendy said, "I really need a glass of wine after that. Can we go to the restaurant now after I take this off?"

Andrew looked at Wendy and said, "You're not going to take the vibe off. You are going to wear it to the restaurant."

She smiled and agreed, "Whatever you say, lover."

Wendy put her panties into her purse and put her dress back on. She was feeling sexy and a little dirty going to the restaurant without her panties. The restaurant was busy and they were ushered into the bar area to wait. Wendy sat next to Andrew at the bar and when the bartender came over to them, Andrew turned the vibe back on. Wendy jumped a little and glanced at her boyfriend in nervous anticipation.

"Excuse me," a voice ventured, interrupting her all-enveloping cloud of uncontrollable pleasure.

Wendy looked up to find a bartender staring at her. She somehow managed a hasty, "What?" in between gasps of excitement.

The man behind the bar offered, "You appeared distracted. I asked if you would like something to drink?"

Wendy blushed and asked for a glass of red wine.

"Certainly," the barman granted. Then turning to Andrew, he confirmed, "And you wanted the Dewers and water, right?"

Andrew whispered in her ear, "Didn't you hear him ask you what you wanted to drink?"

She whispered back, "Fuck no. All I can think about is the vibe against my clit. I am having a hard time even speaking." She grabbed Andrew's arm and gasped, "I'm coming again, turn that fucking thing off, it's going to kill me."

What a way to die, thought Andrew. Shortly after the drinks were served, they heard Andrew's name being called and they took their drinks to the table. A good-looking waitress came over to the table and said, "It looks like you brought your goodies with you." Both Andrew and Wendy looked at each other and smiled. If she only knew they thought.

"Would you like an appetizer or something to start?" Asked the waitress.

Andrew took the opportunity to turn the remote back on, taking pleasure is seeing Wendy react to the shock of the vibe turned on unexpectedly. Wendy tried to appear calm, but her flushed face made her think that everyone in the restaurant knew.

"No, thank you." Said Andrew to the waitress. The waitress said, "My name is Cindy, I'll tell you the specials for the evening. We have onion soup as a starter along with a fresh grilled salmon and a 12 oz rib eye steak. Everything on the menu is fresh but I really like the rack of lamb."

Wendy could not concentrate on the waitress. The vibe was particularly intense when she was sitting and she could not believe it was possible to have a second orgasm so close to the one she had at the bar only a few minutes before. When the waitress left the table, Andrew asked, "What sounds good to you tonight?"

"Your fucking cock." She said. "This vibe is making me insane and I want to jump on your cock and fuck you right here."

Andrew smiled and said, "I think we might be thrown out. You will just have to wait until we get home."

Wendy slightly shifted her weight on the chair and her eyes opened really wide and she cried, "Wow!"

"What is it?" Inquired Andrew.

Wendy said, "When I moved, it changed the sensation completely. I am really beginning to understand how to use this thing." She continued to shift her weight and open and close her legs to find the different ways the vibe seemed to intensify and stimulate her differently. Within a few minutes, when she was very close to coming a second time, the waitress came over.

Cindy asked, "Have you decided on what you would like?"

Wendy was conscious that her nipples were so hard they seemed to be nearly tearing a hole in her dress. Wendy could see Cindy looking at her nipples and a small smile crossed the waitress's lips. Wendy's face felt hot and she knew she was flushed, but the vibe was making her insane and she could not stop the pleasure or her response. "I...I will have the rack of lamb, with the onion soup, please." Just as she finished the word please, another orgasm ripped through her body. Wendy grabbed the table edge with both hands and closed her eyes, unable to do anything but surrender to the demands of her body as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her.

When Wendy opened her eyes, the other woman was staring at her intently. The waitress crouched in close to the table and asked under her breath, "Did what I think just happened, really happen?"

Wendy's cheeks burned, but she couldn't deny it. "Yes," She whispered. "I am so sorry."

Cindy said, "Are you kidding? That was so fucking hot, I will have to go to the bathroom and take care of myself after I take your order. How did you do that?"

Andrew raised his hand from under the table briefly, showing Cindy the remote. He turned the unit on and off causing Wendy to jerk repeatedly. Andrew ordered his meal, and when Cindy left, he asked, "How hot was that lover?"

Wendy replied, "Unbelievable, but we can never come back here again. I am so embarrassed!

Cindy brought the onion soup for Wendy and simply smiled as she inquired pointedly, "Is there anything else you need?"

Wendy said, "No, thank you."

Cindy replied, "I really didn't think so either, honey."

Wendy was ravenous and devoured the soup and the lamb that followed. When Andrew and Wendy finished dinner, they asked Cindy for the check. Cindy replied, "Oh, you still have dessert coming."

Andrew replied, "We did not order any dessert."

Cindy responded, "No, you didn't, but since you gave me a treat earlier, I wanted to return the favor. The dessert should be out in a minute. It's the house special."

As Cindy left the table, Andrew turned the vibe on again. "Jesus, I can't take another orgasm. I won't be able to walk out of the restaurant!" Wendy cried. "Please let me suck your cock and fuck you when we get home."

Andrew smiled and said, "Baby, you are going to suck my cock and fuck me when we get home, but you have one more orgasm to give me during dessert."

Wendy was so turned on to hear Andrew talk like this, along with the stimulation of the vibe. She settled herself into her seat in the position that provided her with the most intense stimulation. "Oh," she thought, "I am going to fucking come again!" As she moved her hips to the movement of the vibe, Cindy returned to the table with another server. The other server had a name badge with Jill written on it.

Cindy explained, "I told Jill what happened earlier and she was so turned on she had to come over to see you guys."

The combination of the stimulation of the vibe, Andrew's promise to fuck her later and the two waitresses watching her was too much for Wendy. "Fuck", she moaned as the most intense orgasm of the evening consumed her. Wendy grabbed Andrew's hand and she thought she would break the bones in his fingers as she squeezed him, climaxing repeatedly.

When Wendy had partially recovered, she looked up at Cindy and Jill. The two waitresses had turned away from the other tables nearby and they were both touching their own breasts, with wide smiles on their faces.

"You guys rock!" Cindy said. "The next time you come back here, ask for me to be your server."

"No!" Jill protested, "Ask for me! Please?"

Andrew and Wendy just smiled. "I guess we will have to come back here again, baby." Andrew said.

"It's a deal." Replied Wendy.

As the glowing couple left the restaurant, Wendy said, "When we get home, you are going to get the fucking of your life!" Andrew smiled, thinking that the night was only starting...
 