GUESTS FOR CHRISTMAS
Or
"The Twelve Slaves of Christmas"
Part 1 of 4

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
the integrity of this story and don't do any rewrites"

Note: This story touches on the characters of Marcus, Sebastian
and the two young lifeguards referred to in "The Sports Fan"

Part 1: Making Plans

Sebastian loves Christmas. There is something `special' about
this time of the year; he doesn't understand why but he is always
excited in the weeks leading up to it.

As an only child, he'd been raised in the church by his parents
and he'd attended Sunday school and church services throughout
his childhood. And he'd loved the Christmas pageants, the
Christmas Eve carol singing and all the other things that went to
make up the festive season.

Sebastian is gay and on reaching puberty, it became clear to him
in which direction his burgeoning sexuality was to take him and
so he'd drifted away from his parents beliefs.

For several years, he hid his homosexual tendencies from his
parents and school friends and lived the secret life of a closet
gay. His flamboyant nature chafed at this; he hated the
subterfuge and hypocrisy of his life but because of his love and
respect for his parents - prominently rich - he continued to keep
his secret.

Yet he was desperately unhappy; this secret life he lived was, in
fact, a denial of who he really was as a person. How he hated
that. He longed to `come out' and declare to the world who and
what he was.

He deliberately decided to attend university in another state
rather than the one in his home city. His doting parents were
disappointed with his decision and only reluctantly accepted it.
But for Sebastian, living away from his home, his parents and the
local community, was liberation.

For the first time he had the freedom to be himself and to live a
lifestyle he was born to. At eighteen, he threw himself into both
his studies and his gayness. These were exciting times for
Sebastian; the experimentation and the discovery of new pleasures
ensured life was lived to the fullest. Unrestrained by parental
and societal attitudes, he soon became prominent in local, gay
circles and moved in a wide circle acquaintances.

However, Sebastian's childhood solitude doesn't allow him to make
friends easily; in his mind friendship is something that has to
be earned and correspondingly reciprocated. He has a small group
of true friends and foremost among these is his special friend,
Marcus.

He'd first met Marcus at university where there had been an
instant rapport between the two, young students. This had quickly
developed into a passionate relationship - too intense to be
permanently lasting - which eventually cooled and was replaced by
a friendship that has continued down through the years with a
lasting love and mutual respect. Sebastian has implicit trust in
Marcus and he knows that Marcus is always `there for him'. He
loves Marcus with a passion - both as the brother he'd always
longed for and as a sometime lover. And he knows that Marcus has
identical feelings for him.

Marcus lives in the city where he is a successful professional
and although Sebastian graduated from university with `magna cum
laude' he prefers a more solitary life living on a remote and
large, farming property far from its nearest town. Here he is
able to pursue his real passion of training and selling young,
male slaves to an exclusive international clientele.

Very early in his university days, he'd developed a fondness for
the local slave culture and he had immersed himself in it
wholeheartedly. Over the years his passion for slaves and slavery
became an obsession and now, aged in his early thirties, he
devotes his whole life to it. That he is able to do so is due to
the generous trust fund and fortune left to him by his late
parents. He no longer needs to work for a living and can now
devote all his time to his hobby.

Apart from his household and farm slaves and his Nordic
manager/slave trainer, Olaf, he lives alone - far from the prying
eyes and curiosity of his neighbours. A perfectionist, Sebastian
limits his slave training to two intakes a year, each lasting six
months and each consisting of six recruits. This allows him
sufficient time to acquire and train his livestock for the twice
yearly auctions he conducts on his property.

He has recruiting agents constantly on the lookout for suitable
trainees and only recently, Marcus had sent him two superbly fit,
young men he'd spotted at a beach. Marcus is quite a sports' fan
and attends many sporting activities seeking out possibilities
for Sebastian. He is delighted with Marcus's latest recruits and
had conveyed his appreciation to him. Still he wants to do more
to adequately thank Marcus for the new slaves.

As it is approaching the end of the year, Sebastian has twelve
head of slave stock on the property. Six of these have just
graduated from his last course and they will be sold at an
auction scheduled for mid-January. The other six are all new
recruits about to embark on their journeys into slavery.

Sebastian usually tries to sell his graduates before bringing the
new recruits onto the property. His sense of order prefers it
this way, but unfortunately; he'd been unable to schedule a
suitable auction date which allowed all his valued clients to be
in attendance before mid-January. So of necessity, he must hold
onto his six graduates until then. But sometimes these unexpected
annoyances have a habit of working to one's advantage. And so it
is with the twelve slaves, Sebastian has devised a plan for their
use over the Christmas holidays.

Sebastian loves Christmas although his interest in it is now
purely secular. There is a special something about it that stirs
his soul and lightens his spirits. Perhaps it is the feeling of
goodwill that replaces the self-centredness, greed, animosity and
indifference so evident throughout the rest of the year. Or is it
the opportunity to meet up with family and friends for that one
day and to temporarily forget all the reasons why you studiously
avoid them at all other times? But it could be, as is the case
with Sebastian, simply a case of loneliness. In the absence of
family, and with so few friends, he needs to spend that one day
of the year with the people he truly loves.

With this in mind, Sebastian planned to invite six of his closest
friends to visit for the two days of Christmas and now his
excitement knows no bounds. Feverishly, his imagination goes into
overdrive. He wants so much to make this a memorable Christmas
for his friends and himself.

Some six to seven weeks away from Christmas, he had sent
invitations to his friends asking them to spend the holidays with
him on his property. And he has just received an acceptance from
Marcus; now he eagerly waits for the replies from his other
friends. In the meantime there is much to be done.

Over the next few weeks, Sebastian is kept busy with his plans
for Christmas. He is gratified that all his invitations have been
accepted and he is now free to devote himself to the organisation
of it. His energy is boundless and he is kept busy ensuring all
goes to plan and on schedule. There is much to arrange and he is
constantly on the phone and/or internet searching for firms and
suppliers to provide him with all the things he needs for the
success of his friends` visit.

Once he has chosen a supplier, he regularly travels into the city
to check that all is going to schedule. Tenaciously, he pursues
each manufacturer and supplier ensuring that his specifications
and delivery dates are being adhered to. He knows they regarded
him as a nuisance - on one occasion he'd even heard himself
referred to as a `pain in the arse' - but this didn't deter him.
Nothing is to stand in the way of his preparations for the visit
of his friends.

Finally, his weeks of tension are at an end. Thankfully, all that
he requires for the success of the visit has been delivered to
the farm and is now safely stored and locked away - out of sight
- in a distant shed. And it is still ten days to Christmas. There
is adequate time for him to experiment and try out his new
equipment.



>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Part 2: Christmas Eve

Christmas Eve dawns hot and cloudless: the ever present blue sky
is dazzling in its brilliance. And the forecast is for this
weather to continue over the two days of the holidays. Sebastian
is pleased. It means he can take his friends on a tour of his
extensive property.

The property is large and varies from grazing land to virgin
bush. Sebastian loves the Australian bush and the heady, exotic
smell of the eucalypts as it hangs in the shimmering, heat haze.
He appreciates the remoteness of his property and he has
painstakingly explored every hectare of its area.

However, there is one particular spot that he appreciates more
than any other. Tucked away in a far corner of the property -
some five kilometres from the homestead - is a virtual oasis in
the harsh environment.

There is a rocky escarpment that is a part of the geological
upheaval that formed the landscape millions of years ago. Here
among its tangle of weathered, red iron oxide rocks is a verdant
green oasis - a permanent spring of the purest water imaginable -
and growing around its perimeter are the most exotic of plants.
These are in stark contrast to the surrounding dryer, blue-green
eucalypt and mulga trees and consist of lustrous green palms,
prehistoric cycads, ferns and colourful native orchids. It is a
sad reminder of what the area once was - before the environment
grew warmer and dryer. Here, because of the inexhaustible water
supply, this beautiful remnant of the past survives and thrives.

For Sebastian it is a magical place, bordering on his concept of
`heaven on earth', and one he comes to frequently to swim and to
recharge. It is an area he generously wants to share with his
friends and he is keen for them to see it for themselves. His
intention is to bring them to this spot for a day of swimming and
relaxation and he chuckles at the thought of other possible
pleasures a day of skinny-dipping could afford them.

After all, there are twelve, magnificent, young slaves - six
trained and six untrained - available to him and his friends and
he has decided that their services will be fully utilised.

But for now, there is still much to be done before his friends
arrive later this afternoon. He understands that they will be
traveling together in two cars and that they had planned to leave
the city at the same time so that they all arrived together.

As the morning progresses, Sebastian's excitement increases and
he constantly questions Olaf "are the rooms prepared?", "do we
have the catering right?",  "is the equipment set up?" and most
importantly "is everything in place for tonight?"

Good-naturedly, the ever patient Olaf assures his employer that
everything is in hand and there won't be any unforeseen slipups
in his arrangements. As always Sebastian is re-assured by Olaf's
calm answers.

Now he impatiently waits for the arrival of his guests.


                                         >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

During lunch, Sebastian receives a text message from Marcus to
say they are on their way. Marcus is traveling with Jeremy and
Dominic whilst the other three, Adrian, Julian and Gabriel are
following behind. On Sebastian's reckoning that means they should
arrive at approximately 5.00 PM which leaves him with the
afternoon to fill in.

Following his usual daily routine, Sebastian retires with a cool
drink, to the welcome shade of the deep veranda surrounding the
rambling, stone homestead. From here he has an unimpeded view
down over the landscaped gardens he loves so much. And he spends
many of his afternoons here.

When Sebastian bought the property it was very much run-down; the
beautiful 120 years old, sandstone homestead bordered on the
derelict whilst the extensive gardens - neglected for many years
by the previous owners - where overgrown and weed infested. Where
most would have been daunted by this, Sebastian was challenged
and set about restoring the property to its former glory and a
home worthy of him.

Of course, money was no object and he lavished love and a small
fortune on modernising the house and landscaping the gardens.
Today, both the homestead and its gardens stand as testimony to
his vision and determination. Now, he is able to enjoy all this
effort and expense by relaxing on the vine-shaded veranda and
watching the activity in the gardens.

Gazing out over the gardens, he listens to the chirping of the
cicadas - always associated with hot weather - and the screeching
of the parrots and galahs high up in the tree canopy as they feed
on the ripening fruits and seed. But what attracts his attention
is another form of animal life - his slaves as they toil to
maintain the perfection of the gardens.

There are twelve, naked slaves working in pairs throughout the
gardens. In his wisdom, Sebastian has paired a `graduate' with a
new `recruit'; this way the old is able to instruct the new. As
part of their training, all the slaves are made to work in the
garden for a set number of hours each day.

They also provide the muscle for some of the hard manual labour
around the property and work with the farm slaves on fence
repairing, cropping and the handling and feeding of the
livestock. Sebastian sees this enforced labour as essential in
toughening up his slaves; it maintains their fitness, aids their
muscular development and tans their skins.

From where he is watching, Sebastian is able to distinguish a
recruit from a graduate by the colour of his arse. The graduates,
exposed to the sun over the past six months, are a uniform golden
tan whereas the new recruits are at varying stages of colour. In
their previous free lives, some of them obviously shielded their
bodies from the sun and are only now starting to tan whilst
others were in the habit of working or swimming semi-naked.

Sebastian really dislikes this latter grouping; he finds the
white dividing line between the deeply tanned upper body and the
legs to be jarring and he looks to add colour to these new slaves
as quickly as possible. He is pleased to note that the smooth,
milky-white curves of their arses are beginning to darken
although they don't, as yet, match the rest of their bodies.
Still Sebastian knows that time spent working in his garden and
paddocks will soon correct this anomaly in their appearances.

Sebastian watches, entranced, at the play of light and shadow on
his slaves' naked bodies. They are bent to their labours and are
sweating profusely and he is fascinated at the way the bright
sunlight, filtering down through the leaf canopy of the
overhanging trees, is casting dappled shadows onto their
glistening bodies. He finds this to be particularly erotic and,
seeking relief, he moves his hands down to the hard, throbbing in
his groin.

Sebastian reflects on the two very different states of mind at
play in the two groups. First of all there are their attitudes
towards their enforced nakedness. The graduates, now well
accustomed to complete nudity, wear their nakedness with pride
and familiarity.

The new recruits, on the other hand, haven't as yet accepted or
adjusted their mindsets to this new facet of their lives. They
are still embarrassed by their nudity, and amusingly, they try to
hide themselves from each other. It puzzles him as to why they do
this. Each was especially chosen for his great physical beauty
and all are equipped with prodigious genitalia. They really have
nothing to be ashamed of.

However, Sebastian knows this is only a temporary phase that all
newly enslaved, young men go through and that within a week or
two they will lose all their inhibitions. Olaf will make it clear
to them that, most likely, they'll never wear clothing again and
that their nakedness will be a source of immense pleasure to
their new masters.

Then, there is the difference in attitude between the two groups
as to their future lives. Over the past six months, the graduates
have been well schooled to accept their new status in life.
Trained in all aspects of slavery they stand ready to serve in
whatever capacities their new owners demand of them.

Sebastian ensures all his slaves are trained to the highest
standards as waiters, valets, body servants and most importantly
as pleasure slaves. They have been given the skills to use their
bodies to satisfy the most demanding of masters and Sebastian -
good teacher that he is - regularly tested them to see if they
met his exacting requirements. He is very pleased with his latest
graduates and looks forward to selling them next month.

The six graduates, for their part, share Sebastian's
anticipation. The have been conditioned to accept that they are
special and because of their great value they can look forward to
lives of ease and luxury serving their masters.

They know nothing of a master's fickleness that can see him
quickly replace them when he either becomes bored with them or
simply feels like a change. Inevitably, they will be sold on and
on with ever decreasing value until finally, they find themselves
working in some low-grade brothel where their whore-master will
sell their wares cheaply to a seedy clientele. Mercifully, they
don't know this.

For now, the six new recruits feel only dismay, fear and
confusion. As yet, they haven't fully accepted that their former
lives are over and that their futures lie in lives of servitude.
The next six months will be hard on them as they undergo the
intensive training required to turn them into loyal, obedient and
submissive slaves. But six months from now, they too will stand
on the auction block and be sold to the highest bidder. This is
the inevitability of their fates.

As he watches, transfixed by the beauty of his sweating, toiling
slaves, Sebastian loses track of time. Several times he's
interrupted by a young house slave whose task it is to
periodically refresh his glass with a cool drink. On one
occasion, he even orders the slave to his knees to relieve his
throbbing hardness. As he enjoys the warm, moist embrace of the
slave's mouth, he reflects on how good life is.

Affectionately, he reaches out and strokes the slave's cropped
head before gently drawing it closer to him. Sighing contentedly,
he abandons himself to the pleasures of the moment. This slave,
like all his house slaves, is well trained in serving his
master's cock and Sebastian is pleased with him. He must remember
to reward the slave for his good services.

Sebastian regards himself as a good master. He is firm but just
and his concern for the well-being of his slaves is uppermost in
his mind. He demands total dedication from his slaves but he
returns this by treating them humanely - punishments are rare and
only administered in extreme circumstances. He takes great
personal pride in their appearances and ensures they are
exercised to maintain their muscular fitness and he feeds them a
specially formulated food that sees them remain healthy and
disease free while retaining their trim, youthful bodies.

He'd tasted this food once - just out of curiosity - and `yuck' -
he'd found it to be bland and tasteless; nevertheless it is free
of all the bad features of processed food and he ensures this is
the only diet fed to his slaves.

But it is Christmas and he is feeling `goodwill to all men' and
this goodwill extends even his slaves. Therefore, he plans to
reward them with some tasty titbits.

On Christmas morning, Sebastian has decided to gather all of his
slaves together by the Christmas tree in the drawing-room to
watch as he and his friends exchange and unwrap their presents.
Then as a surprise, he'll give each of his slaves a small gift of
a special candy-bar. He smiles as he considers their confusion at
this unexpected example of his generosity.

He discovered this special candy-bar quite by accident during his
recent researching on the internet. Some enterprising
manufacturer produces this candy-bar to be used as an occasional
reward for a deserving slave.

He'd immediately ordered several cartons which had been
delivered to the property only yesterday. He'd read the
ingredients list on the outside of the cartons and was pleased to
see it contained nothing that would upset a slave's digestion or
rot his teeth.

The reward for the slave is in its sweet taste and the
manufacturer guarantees that, if used with discretion, no harm
will come to the slave. However, Sebastian did note the warning
on the carton advising owners that the bars should only be given
to a slave very rarely. He must remember this.

Now, Sebastian wonders -

"Do slaves think about Christmas? Do they think about `Christmas
Past' or `Christmas Future'?"

He concludes they don't.

After all, Christmas shouldn't have any relevance to a slave. A
slave's past is behind him and he shouldn't be concerned for his
future - that is something for his master to determine. Still he
is pleased to think that this kind gesture on his part will help
his slaves to enjoy `Christmas Present'.

He glances at his watch and is galvanized into action. Good
heavens! It's well past 3.00 PM and his friends will be here in
approximately two hours and there's still much to be done. He
looks out from the cool shade of the veranda to the toiling
slaves sweating profusely in the intensity of the mid-afternoon
sun. It is time to call a halt to their labours and get them
ready for the arrival of his guests. He calls for Olaf.

To be continued ........................



