Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Seven: Futa Menage! Fun Doubles in the Other World
Summary: Virginia pops back into the other world and has one hot threesome!
Keywords: hh hf hhf fff hsolo exhib voy inter anal DP fantasy magic oral creampie

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Brgida Vasquez

The fire burned between me and Aria. 

The Black futa-priestess shrieked with fright and stumbled back while I watched in excitement at the fire burning before me. I had cast a spell. Virginia, the protagonist of this futa-harem Isekai I had found myself in, had made me into her mage.

Oh, that's so awesome, I groaned, feeling the mana draining out of me before the flames vanished. Erupt Flames. That's the spell I cast. Ooh, this is awesome. my pussy clenched, futa-cum leaking out of me.

Virginia and Aria had just revealed they were futas to me. They were at my houseI didn't live in the dorms like they did but my family's home was close enough to our private high school for me to live hereto study chemistry. They were both hopeless at the subject even though Aria was the head of the home ec club.

Chemistry and baking had a lot in common. Baking was organic chemistry applied practically.

I was so excited. I had hurt myself, and then Aria had healed me with a prayer. So, of course, I had to become a futa, receiving my power from Virginia. I just knew I would be a mage. And I was. All these words brimmed in my mind.

Words of power.

Of creation itself.

I could combine them to create effects. It was so awesome.

I was giddy with excitement to explore these abilities to their fullest. I couldn't wait to use my magic to fight the Demon Lord. Whoever that was, they would pay for whatever foul things they were doing.

You just conjured flames, Virginia said. You made flames erupt before you.

Yes, I said. I combined the mystical word for 'fire' and 'release' to make Erupt Flames! I stood up, my pussy dripping with cum, and whirled around, my naked boobs jiggling. I faced Virginia, a White girl with blonde hair, green eyes, and a shocked look on her face.

She also wasn't a futa any longer. Her cock had gone away when she had given me my powers. But since she had given Aria her abilities, presumably the same way, her cock must come back. So, what do you know!

Uh, not much, Virginia said. I had this dream where there's this futa-elf and she told me I was chosen and had to fight a Demon Lord and form a harem. It was all so confusing. I was in another world. A forest with silver-barked trees that grew so high and had gold maple leaves. Sometimes, I see into it through windows. I even have fallen back into it a few times. 

Wow, I said. A whole other world you visited. That's so awesome.

I guess. Virginia squirmed. When I, er, had that fainting spell in chemistry, I really had popped into the other world for a moment.

I thought I saw something weird. But I thought it was, like, a trick of the light or something. You know.

Aria nodded. So I'm a priestess to these Seven Harmonious Gods?

And I'm a mage. I put my hands on my hips. This is amazing. I can't wait to start fighting evil.

Fight? lamented Virginia. I just want to go to school. Why is this all happening to me.

Mmm, Refusing the Call. Classic hero's journey. I smiled at her. Don't worry, we'll get you over the Threshold out on your adventure.

Virginia glanced at Aria. Did anything she just say make any sense to you?

Aria shook her head.

Come on. The Hero's Journey. The meta myth? Joseph Campbell? It's what George Lucas followed for Star Wars. It's so classic. It's elemental. I sighed. You two are so helpless. But that's okay. I'm on the case. I'll be vigilant for the enemy. Has anyone at school suddenly become antagonistic to you?

Uh, no. Virginia frowned. Like a bully?

Hmm, so no rival, she said. A rival could become a powerful ally or a bitter enemy. It's possible they could even end up pawns of the Demon Lord. I want you to be on your toes, Virginia.

She sighed. Sure.

We got the love interests covered. I grabbed my cock. Being futas, we're definitely in a hentai harem story, so there's going to be lots of sex. Besides Aria and me, who have you claimed in your harem.

Saffron and Lada.

Your twin sister... I shuddered at how kinky that was Incest! We are in hentai, so that's to be expected. Lada makes sense, too. That makes her a good candidate for a warrior or paladin roll. She's very athletic and a little tomboyish. So Saffron...

The thief, groaned Virginia. She suddenly decided to start picking locks and breaking into the teacher's lounge even though she doesn't know how to pick locks or had any reason to be in there.

So what are your powers? I said. We have the four classics: mage, priest, fighter, rogue. Everything else is just a variation, really, on those. Or a hybrid. You're the protagonist. Have you had any new urges?

Virginia blushed so prettily. Just to fuck girls.

Still... I smiled. You can see into another world and travel there. That's power.

I can't control it.

Yet! I focused on her. I want you to concentrate on seeing into that other world. Picture the trees. The elf. Anything else. Let it pull you over. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

Brgida's excitement over this was so over the top, but as she stared at me with those big eyes behind her glasses, her hands clasped before her, and her futa-cock bobbing before her, I just couldn't say no to the Hispanic girl.

Er, futa. She was definitely a futa.

I closed my eyes and focused on the trees. How they grew so big. The golden leaves. The way the world sparkled. I focused and focused and focused on it. My asshole puckered. My cunt clenched. I clenched my teeth together.

A whining strain rose from my throat. My face felt so hot. Flushed. Sweat broke out on my forehead. This had to do something. I just had to cross over and get some answers from that elf. I still didn't even know her name. 

She had done this to me. She owed it to me to fix me or something. I kept straining and straining and...

I opened my eyes a crack.

Nothing.

I sighed. I don't feel anything.

Hmm. Brgida tapped her chin. What were you feeling when you viewed these portals.

Feeling? I struggled to remember. When had it happened the most? When I was heading to the nurse's office with Aria. That had been right after I had fallen into the other world.

I had been... horny. I had been squirming in chemistry, and this ache just had to burst out of me. My cock had grown. I had been throbbing with the need to cum. My brow furrowed. I had seen the window right before my cock had grown again while I was upstairs. 

It can't be that, I groaned.

What? Brgida asked.

I think... I think I see it when I'm horny. There's this... this... pressure that wants to erupt out of me, and as I get more and more itchy to cum, I start to see things. The window.

We are in a hentai story, muttered Brgida.

We're not in a story! I screeched, my cheeks burning. And definitely not a hentai one.

Uh, sure we are, said Brgida. Look at our dicks. She purred, her voice getting sultry and sensual. Look at our cocks, Virginia. She moved to Aria, the tip of Brgida's brown cock rubbing into Aria's ebony. They moved together, caressing each other. Watch them touch.

My clit itched.

Are you trying to turn me on? I asked.

Isn't it hot watching our futa-dicks dock? asked Brgida. She has such a sultry purr to her voice. Mmm, Aria, we're in her harem. We're both hers, and we both have big clit-dicks that she gave us.

We do, groaned Aria, her body trembling. Ooh, and it feels so naughty having you rub your futa-dick on mine.

My clit pulsed. Throbbed. My pussy clenched. I could feel that heat rising and rising as I watched their crowns grow slippery with their precum. It was mixing. I swallowed, my heart pounding in my chest. 

It was so hot to watch. Then Brgida cupped Aria's small breasts. She massaged those darker mounds. Aria moaned, her bread braids clacking as her head swayed. Then she grabbed Brgida's round breasts.

The two futas fondled each other's tits while their cocks rubbed together. Then their tips slipped past the other as they pressed in together. Their lips met in a kiss. Brgida's glasses slipped on her nose as she frenched Aria. I swallowed, that ache at my clit swelling.

God, that's hot, I moaned.

Brgida broke the kiss and glanced at me. Is it happening? Any portals opening?

Not yet, I answered.

She kissed Aria again and thrust the Black futa back. They bumped into the island counter, the apple pie that we were going to eat by them. Their tongues were dancing furiously. I shuddered, my pussy clenching and juices flowing.

Shouldn't there be something? I was definitely feeling that itch. My futa-cock would be coming soon if I didn't do anything. They were just so hot. I wanted to join them. Imagine getting fucked by them both.

One in my pussy and one in my asshole.

I quivered, focusing on them so much. Their cocks were pinned between them, boobs rubbing together. They were both moaning. My hands grabbed my boobs. I kneaded my firm mounds as I watched them together.

Then they broke the kiss. Brgida grabbed Aria and spun her around. As she bent the black futa over the counter, the nerdy Latina asked, Anything?

Just this is so hot, I moaned.

I know, Brgida said, and then she thrust her cock into Aria's pussy. Oh, wow, that's incredible. Ooh, did my pussy feel like this?

I nodded.

Aria whimpered, her beaded braids clacking as she was fucked hard from behind by Brgida. The Hispanic futa didn't hold back. She was pounding Aria, making her dark butt-cheeks jiggle from the impacts.

I swallowed, the heat swelling in my pussy. I was so horny. I needed to be fucked like that. It was so amazing watching her getting pounded hard. I squirmed, a line of pussy juices trickling down my thighs. I really, really, really needed a dick in me.

The ache swelled at the tip of my clit as Brgida hammered Aria. She fucked to the hilt in the Black futa's cunt. Aria moaned, her head tossing. She looked so happy getting fucked by another member of my harem.

I so wanted to be in her place, getting fucked from behind by a

Trees surged up around me. Suddenly, it wasn't linoleum I stood on but uneven ground. I gasped, stumbling back and hit a tree. I felt bark against my back. I looked up to see golden leaves on silver branches. I was in the world again. The shadows were long, an orange twilight settling on the world. I was here.

Where was the elf?

It's you, a voice whispered from behind. The Chosen One.

Breasts rubbed into my back, poking out of the three. And then, too my delight, a futa-dick pushed into my butt-crack. The woman who could merge into the trees was there. Her hands grabbed my hips as her girl-cock pushed on my asshole.

Sorry, she whimpered. I didn't mean... I just got so excited.

No, no, you can fuck my pussy, I said, looking around for the elf. I'm so horny right now. I think... I think that's why I'm here. I need to be fucked by a futa.

That's nice, she sighed and pushed against my asshole. Mmm, the chosen heroine's asshole. I'm such a lucky futa-dryad.

A dryad. I wanted to smack my head. I felt like an idiot. Of course, she was a dryad. The trees should have been a dead giveaway.

I groaned as her cock pushed and pushed on my sphincter, her breasts feeling so pillowy soft against my back. Better than the bark. My anal ring widened, and then she popped into my bowels. I groaned as her futa-dick sank and sank into my asshole.

I let out a long sigh of delight, the velvety friction melting down to my cunt. I smiled, the heat amazing. She soaked my pussy with this wonderful delight. She sank further and further into my bowels until she bottomed out in me.

Ooh, I needed that, I said. Mmm, I'm Virginia.

Willow, she whispered. 

Willow, I said. That's a great name. My favorite character from Buffy is Willow.

Buffy? asked the futa-dryad.

Never mind. I closed my eyes, wondering if my friends had realized I had left. Just fuck my asshole, Willow.

Yes, Virginia.

She drew back her hips, her boobs shifting. She gripped my hips and thrust back into me. I groaned, savoring the feel of her cock plowing into my bowels. This was such a wonderful delight. My pussy drank in the friction.

Pussy cream ran down my thighs. I grabbed my tits again, squeezing them as the futa-dryad pumped away at my asshole with her woody. I smiled at that thought as she buried into me again and again.

Mmm, I moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's what I need. I need a futa-cock.

Not so loud, she whispered. That elf might hear you.

Oh, she's fine, I groaned. 

She tried to kill me. The dryad thrust away. I just wanted to greet you, Virginia. I... I... I am so glad to greet you.

Me, too, I moaned. Oh, my god, yes, yes, I am thrilled. Just pump that cock away at my asshole. That's so good. You're going to make me cum so hard.

The futa-dryad thrust harder. She buried her girl-cock into my asshole. My toes curled and my boobs jiggled. This was so amazing. My bowels burned from the thickness of her futa-woody. She buried it hard into me.

She thrust it all the way into me and then froze. I groaned as she went still. Her hands slid back from me. A whimper rose. I heard a light rustle and then looked up. The futa-elf was bounding through the trees.

Lady Heroine! she cried and then leaped down before me, her big boobs heaving and her futa-cock thrusting out from the side of her leaf. Praise the Seven Harmonious Gods you are safe.

Very safe, I groaned, an idea sparking in my mind. Why don't you fuck me with that big dick. My pussy needs it.

Well... The elf looked around. I must have scared off that miscreant. So it would be safe.

So safe, I moaned, my pussy on fire. Please, please, fuck me... Uh... I never got your name.

Kalirisia, she said. At your service, My Lady.

I'm Virginia, eh, Kali. 

She smiled at me as she came forward, her violet hair falling about her face and her green eyes so wide. She cupped my cheeks, a look of awe crossing her expression. Then she kissed me, her futa-dick nuzzling into my blonde bush on my pubic mound.

My asshole clenched down on the dryad's futa-dick. Her boobs rubbed into my back. I was about to enjoy a futa-sandwich.

This would be amazing.

I groaned as she kissed me, her tongue dancing through my mouth. It would be so incredible to have her in me. I carved it as I trembled here. Her hand grabbed her clit-dick, moving it down and down to my pussy. 

She broke the kiss and moaned, I am once again honored to be in your pussy, My Lady.

Yes, yes, me, too! I moaned, her big, soft boobs rubbing on my tits.

She thrust into me.

I gasped out in delight. I wrapped my right leg around her hip as she pinned me against the tree. Her cock slammed into my cunt. She filled me up. They both did. I felt so full of girl-dick at this wonderful moment.

The elf's pointed ears twitched. She whimpered and then she drew back. I groaned, my cunt clenching about her girl-cock. I loved it. She thrust back into me, massaging my pussy walls. I squirmed, stirring the futa-dryad's woody around in my bowels.

Two dicks in my holes.

The futa-dryad started thrusting, too. Not much, only a few inches or so of movement, but she stimulated my asshole at the same time as the elf thrust away hard at my cunt. The sexy dickgirl pounded my pussy.

Oh, yes, yes, I moaned. I love your girl-cocks in me.

Cocks? groaned the elf as she pumped away at my cunt.

Don't worry about it, I whimpered, savoring that wonderful girl-cock burying into me. She pummeled me. Oh, my god, that's good. That's so amazing. Yes, yes, just bury that dick in me.

I am! she moaned, driving her clit-dick to the hilt in my twat while the dryad just fucked my asshole.

The dual frictions were incredible.

I loved having both their dicks thrusting into me. The elf pumped away with such bold strokes, drawing back her clit-dick until she almost slid out of me. Then she drove back deep into my cunt. The dryad just a few inches. Hardly moving. But it was enough to tease my asshole.

The twin delights melted in me. I shuddered, my back rubbing into the dryad's soft boobs while the elf's big tits rubbed into my round breasts. My nipples drank in the silkiness of my skin. My pussy clenched down on her cock and my bowels gripped the naughty Dryad.

Kali and Willow fucked me hard.

Oh, my god, that's so good, I moaned. Ooh, oh, just keep fucking me. Oh, Kali, you're so amazing. Like a Willow's hard woody. Just awesome.

You say strange things, Lady Virginia, panted the futa-elf, her clit-dick burying into my cunt. But your voice is so beautiful.

Thank you, I groaned, my pussy drinking in the friction of her cock. I quivered, loving this so much. It was incredible. Just an amazing delight. 

I groaned, my bowels clenching down on Willow's clit-dick. I built and built towards my orgasm. The two futa-cocks reamed me. They felt so amazing in me. Just a wonderful delight. I whimpered, my holes drinking in the friction.

I shuddered, shocked that my own futa-dick wasn't growing. Maybe because they were fucking me. I wasn't getting sexually frustrated. I shuddered, enjoying this wonderful delight. Their dicks hurtled me closer and closer to cumming.

Oh, my god, yes! I moaned. You are going to make me cum. I love your futa-dicks!

Dicks? moaned the elf.

Yes! I squealed, ignoring her question, and came.

My pussy and asshole writhed around their futa-cocks. My bowels massaged the dryad's woody, and my cunt the elf's wonderful stave. The dryad buried into my anal sheath and erupted, spurting her cum into me.

Gnila's big cock! gasped the elf, her ears twitching. She plunged to the hilt in me and erupted.

Her cum spurted over and over into my snatch. The pleasure rushed through me. Hot jizz pumped into both my holes as the waves of rapture washed over me. It was so incredible to experience their jizz flooding into my cunt and asshole.

My spasming pussy and writhing bowels milked them. I bucked through this incredible pleasure. My mind drowned in the rapture. This was just what I wanted and more. It was so amazing. I groaned, my head tossing back and forth.

Oh, that's so awesome! I gasped as I floated to the pinnacle of rapture. Ooh, I needed this so much.

I am glad to aid you, the elf said. She ripped out of my dick and whirled around. And now that you have been satiated, we must travel to the Spring of Maidenly Oozes, it is there that you will be purified

cumming on your dick! Aria gasped as I fell and landed on my rump, no longer leaning against a tree and a dryad's boobs.

My pussy and asshole brimmed with cum. Aria's beaded braids tossed. She trembled, her futa-dick spurting cum that splashed against the side of the island counter, coating one of the cabinets. Brgida thrust to the hilt in our friend and gasped.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned. Climaxing as a futa is incredible.

Yeah, I panted, watching my friends shuttering through their bliss. I felt amazing. Just so satiated. I had a pussy full of spunk and cum.

I can feel the pleasure coming from my cock and my pussy, moaned Brgida. Those dual delights are amazing.

Uh-huh, I groaned, my chest rising and falling. I love it, too. Ooh, I had a great orgasm.

You did? Brgida glanced at me. Then she noticed my spread open thighs. Is that cum on your bush.

Futa-elf cum, I said. It worked. I popped on over.

Oh, my god! Brgida yelled and then ripped out of Aria's pussy. The nerdy futa whipped around so fast, pussy cream flew from the end of her girl-dick and splattered on my tits. She fell to her knees and dove for my cunt. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Brgida Vasquez

My mind shorted-out at the idea of elf-cum leaking out of Virginia's pussy. Futa-jizz from another world? Of course, I had to devour it. This was all my dreams come to life. Well, not the elf-cum or eating pussy, but other worlds existing.

I was a huge fan of the multiverse theory that there were an infinite number of universes out there all floating on a sea of quantum foam. Bubbles. They could have different laws. Different properties. Magic could be real. And if they were to colloid, their spheres might start to overlap.

Hence why the rules of that world were bleeding over into ours.

Those thoughts all danced through my mind as I buried my face into Virginia's pussy and went to town on her cunt. I licked at her. Lapped at her. I feasted on her with everything I had. My tongue plundered into her depths. 

Salty futa-cum and her sweet pussy cream melted across my tongue.

She groaned, arching her back and humping against me. She ground her snatch into my face, her blonde curls tickled my cheeks and brushed my glasses. My tongue fluttered around in her folds, licking up the jizz that had escaped.

That didn't take long.

I dove into her cunt to find more.

Oh, my god, you're so wild, Virginia said. Ooh, ooh, that's good. And Aria... Fuck her. Fuck her back! Fuck her in the ass!

Ooh, yes, I moaned. 

Jeeba, Goddess of the Seed, made sex to give orgasms in so many ways, Aria said. If that is your wish, Virginia, then I shall fuck my harem-wife in the ass with my big futa-dick.

Yes! Virginia moaned.

My tongue danced around in Virginia's cunt, scooping out the salty jizz I found in there. I reveled in that wonderful stuff. I licked it out of her, reveling in the taste. It melted across my tongue. I groaned, fluttering my tongue around in her snatch. The salty flavor was amazing.

And so was her sweet pussy cream. I reveled in both as I feasted on her. I scooped out the elf-cum with hunger. My tongue plundered Virginia's twat. Her round breast jiggled as she squirmed on the kitchen floor.

Aria's cock pressed into my butt-crack.

Yes, yes, fuck her in the ass! moaned Virginia. She'll love it.

Of course I'll love it, I moaned. We're in a hentai story. Pound my asshole, Aria.

She slid her girl-dick down my crack until she found my asshole. She pressed into my sphincter with her dick. I moaned into Virginia's pussy as my anal ring widened and widened. I stretched and stretched, shuddering as my asshole widened more and more to take her girl-cock. She would plunder me.

It would be incredible.

I groaned as she drilled her futa-dick into my asshole. She pushed harder and harder into my asshole. I widened and then swallowed her tip. I moaned into Virginia's cunt as I savored having my first dick in my asshole.

Oh, god, I moaned into Virginia's cunt.

It's amazing, isn't it? she asked.

Uh-huh, I groaned, savoring that big dick sliding deeper and deeper into my bowels. That's incredible. I love it. Ooh, I love that so much. That's so awesome. Yes, yes, I'm going to have a huge orgasm.

Yes, you are. Virginia quivered. Keep eating me out.

As Aria's thick and long futa-shaft bottomed out in my bowels, I plundered Virginia's cunt. I searched for more of the futa-cum in her. My tongue darted about in her, looking for every bit of delight I could find. I scooped out the cum, savoring the flavor of it melting across my tongue.

I fluttered my tongue about in her while her thighs squeezed about my face. Aria drew back her futa-dick. I moaned at that velvety friction. The heat melted down to my cunt while the Black futa moaned her delight.

She slammed back into me, beaded braids clacking.

Yes, yes, fuck her hard, Aria, Virginia moaned.

I will, Aria moaned. Gnila's mighty cock, her asshole feels so good around my dick.

I loved her thick shaft plundering into my asshole. She buried into me again and again. She thrust to the hilt in me and then drew back. I squeezed my bowels down hard on her girl-cock. The friction melted down to my cunt and then to the tip of my futa-dick swinging between my thighs.

The flavor of elf-cum dwindled, the sweet delight of Virginia's pussy overtaking that naughty delight. I shuddered, Aria thrusting into my asshole hard as I wiggled my tongue around in Virginia's cunt, searching for the last of the jizz.

All I tasted was her sweet pussy. Turned out, I really, really like that.

Ooh, yes, yes, I moaned as Aria pumped away at my bowels. She fucked me hard. That's good. I'm going to cum.

Me, too, moaned Virginia. Ooh, that's so good. My clit. Suck on my clit. I want my futa-cock to grow again.

I flicked through her folds and darted up to the bud of her clit. I caressed it. She gasped and shuddered. Her face scrunched up. She humped against me with such passion. I licked at her blonde-furred muff, the pressure building and building at the tip of my futa-dick.

Pussy cream dripped down my shaft, my cunt swelling with the heat from my bowels. My cunt drank it in as Aria pounded me. She drove into my asshole with such hard strokes. She felt incredible fucking me. I loved it.

Oh, god, yes, I moaned. That's so good. Ooh, you're going to make me cum, aren't you?

I will, Aria moaned, her cock thrusting into me. Gnila's great cock, I'm going to cum in your asshole.

Suck my clit and cum, Brgida! whimpered Virginia.

I licked up to her clit and suckled. I nursed on her. She gasped and shuddered, her face twisting in passion. She squeezed her thighs tight about my head as I suckled on that cute, little bud. I clenched my bowels down on Aria's cock as I waited for Virginia's dick to blossom.

My tongue danced around her clit every other suckle. My cock throbbed, pussy cream dripping off the edge. I was so close to cumming. Aria's dick felt amazing in my asshole. Just fantastic. She thrust into me.

I squealed around Virginia's clit and came.

My futa-cock spurted jizz that splashed on the linoleum while my bowels writhed around Aria's thrusting girl-dick. She buried hard and fast into me. She plunged to the hilt in me again and again. It was incredible to enjoy. I shuddered, loving the feel of her clit-dick ramming into my asshole.

The waves of delight rushed out of my spasming cunt. Juices spilled down my spurting cock. I moaned harder on Virginia's clit-dick as the pleasure rushed through me. I nursed on her. She shuddered, her round boobs jiggling. 

Yes! she gasped and her sweet cream flooded out of her twat.

I licked it up, her clit not sprouting at all. Aria moaned and buried into me, her beaded braids clattering. Hot futa-cum jetted into my asshole. I gasped, my bowels writhing around her. Another wave of rapture washed out of my cunt.

Oh, that's good! I moaned.

So good, breathed Aria.

My asshole milked her girl-cock while I drank the pussy cream that gushed out of Virginia's twat. I tasted some salty cum in there, too. I loved it. My futa-dick fired a last time. I shuddered, my orgasm dying down to delightful euphoria.

Oh, that's good, whimpered Aria, her cock flooding me one last time. Thank you, Gnila, for gifting women with a cock.

Yeah, yeah, bless her, I panted.

Well, why isn't she blessing me with a cock? Virginia groaned. 

No idea, I said. Sorry. We got you to go to the other world.

And a dryad and an elf fucked my holes, I panted.

Ooh, a dryad and an elf? I squeezed my bowels on Aria's girl-cock. What else happened.

The elf wanted to tell me that I had to purify myself by bathing in the Spring of Maidenly Oozes.

Wow. A quiver ran through me. I wonder if virgin oozes have hymens for you to break? I'm sure you'll find out.

Not if I don't get a cock. I gave four of you dicks today. Virginia popped up. What if that's the limit I can give? What if I'm done?

Oh, don't think that, I told her. I slid off of Aria's cock and hugged Virginia. I just know that you'll get it. There has to be something that we can do. I looked around. Let's clean up and then head to my room. We'll see if we can't coax this shy girl-dick out.

Okay, Virginia said. I want it back. I like having a dick.

I nodded. I was eager to do more magic, but I had to figure out what was wrong with Virginia. She was the heroine. The harem leader. There had to be something that I could do to make it all right. I just had to think.

I pushed up my glasses and stood up, my asshole brimming with cum. I wanted to go to this other world so much. Hopefully, I would get the chance. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

Ella pounded Giuliana Ferrara hard from behind. 

The busty, redheaded futa was going to town on the Italian girl. It was so hot to watch. My futa-dick throbbed in my pussy. I had cum once fucking my cunt and I was eager for more as I filmed the drama club's orgy.

The other members were all getting naked. Anja Kistner and Evie Selby were licking the cum off of Kiku Ono's cheeks. She was the Japanese girl that had blown Ella. It was weird that they were calling the redhead a goddess.

Yes, yes, fuck me, my Goddess, moaned Giuliana, her thick, Italian accent growing stronger and stronger. Cavalo!

I'm going to cum in that pussy, groaned Ella as she slammed forward hard. 

This was so exciting to watch. I wanted her to cum in that pussy. Just to spurt all the jizz she had into that cunt. It would be such an amazing sight to watch. The other girls were masturbating while Mayra Gutierrez, the president of the drama club, was walking on the outskirts.

None of them knew I was up here on the walkway that accessed the stage lights. I had snuck up here to spy on them. It was so much fun being so sneaky. I licked my lips, my phone recording the footage.

Please, please cum in me! moaned Giuliana.

Are you worthy of receiving your goddess's gift? Myra asked. She put her hands on her hips. Do you know what she shall bestow upon you?

Her cum? moaned Giuliana.

Is she going to breed her? moaned Manami Yamamoto, the other Japanese girl in the drama club. She had her fingers buried into her thick bush.

Show her, ordered Ella, her big tits heaving as she pounded at Giuliana's cunt.

Oh, yes, my goddess! Myra threw back her head, her round breasts heaving. They were a fetching shade of golden-brown. Watch the gift of our goddess sprout.

Sprout?

I zoomed in on Myra. I couldn't see her bush from this angle. I squirmed, my pussy clenching down on my futa-cock bent around and thrust up into my cunt. The best way to keep my cum from falling on them was to cum in my pussy.

The girls gasped. They all stared at Myra. Then, thrusting out past her tits, was a futa-cock. A brown shaft that throbbed thicker and longer. Ella could make futas, too. But her cock didn't seem to go away and...

Myra's sprouted.

Oh, thank you for allowing it to sprout, Myra moaned. May I use it.

Yes! growled Ella. Fuck whomever you want.

ME! ME! ME! squealed from below as every girl in the drama club thrust their arms up into the air. They were all so eager for it. 

My futa-dick throbbed as I watched their bouncing breasts. Ella slammed hard into Giuliana's pussy and threw back her head. It was clear she was cumming. Giuliana gasped and then cried out in rapture as she joined the redhead.

Isidora, Myra groaned. 

The brunette whirled around and knelt, her ass facing Myra. As Ella moaned through her orgasm, Myra rushed over, fell to her knees, and rammed her cock into Isidora's pussy. I shuddered, pushing on my dick with my left hand to work it in and out of my cunt.

I fucked myself as I watched the sight below. My pussy and cock drank in the frictions. Two different delights rushed through me. I bit my lip to fight my whimper. Ella trembled one last time then ripped her girl-cock out of Giuliana.

Slut, you can grown your cock, too, Ella growled and then pointed at Rosabella Bates. On your back. I want that cunt.

Yes, my Goddess, Rosabella moaned. The brassy-haired girl spread out on her back, legs thrown wide apart.

Giuliana gasped and sat up. She grabbed the cock thrusting from her crotch. She stroked it. I let out a silent groan, thrusting my futa-dick faster in and out of my cunt. The pleasure rushed through me. My toes curled in my shoes. 

Ella fell on Rosabella, fucking into the girl with a hard plunge. Her squeal of delight echoed through the auditorium. This was so wild. I couldn't believe that Ella worked so differently from Virginia.

I shoved my girl-cock in and out of my cunt as Ella pumped her plump ass away. She thrust hard at Rosabella with passion. It was so hot to watch. My cunt clenched around my girl-dick. I shuddered, my eyes fluttering.

Myra fucked Isidora hard while Giuliana grabbed Kiku and pushed the girl down, their lips meeting. Then Kiku shuddered as she was fucked by Giuliana. Three dickgirls were fucking three hot girls.

And the others loved it.

So did I. My pussy clenched around my girl-cock as I watched the fun. I fought my whimpers, my futa-dick throbbing in my cunt. I pushed it in and out of my twat, loving the silky glide. I would have such a huge orgasm.

I loved spying on girls.

Oh, that's so good, Isidora moaned. She rocked back into Myra's cock. Will I get to grow a dick, too.

No, Myra groaned. Only Ella can bestow them. That's why she's our Goddess.

Could I bestow my cock if I fucked a girl?

We have to worship her, Myra continued, the Hispanic girl fucking Isidora so hard.

Yes, yes, I'm worshiping your big girl-dick right now, Rosabella moaned as she squirmed beneath Ella.

The other girls were moaning as they frigged their cunts. Manami squealed in delight, appearing to cum. Her head tossed from side to side as she cried out in rapture. I caught it all on my phone as I fucked myself.

My cunt drank in that wonderful delight. It was so good. I ground my teeth together as the spongy crown of my girl-cock drank in the silky massage of my snatch. My boobs jiggled in my bra. I couldn't wait to show this to my twin sister. She would flip out.
It would be so hot.
Oh, my god, Isidora moaned, rocking back into Myra's thrusts. This cock is so huge. Oh, wow, I love it.

Better than those guys you fucked, hissed Myra.

So much fucking better!

I would have to take Isidora's word. I couldn't imagine anyone's cock being better than my twin. Virginia's cock had felt so amazing in me earlier today. Mine felt awesome, too. I was so close to cumming. I jammed it up into me.

And came.

My futa-cock erupted. I fired cum into my twat. I fought my whimpers as the hot jizz spurted into my cunt over and over again. It was such a delight. Another load of futa-spunk flooded my pussy while my snatch writhed and spasmed around my shaft.

The dual delights swept through me. Rapture and ecstasy billowed through me in such wonderful combinations. I loved every moment of it. I savored every last thrill of that girl-cock unloading in me. I flooded myself with my passion.

Stars danced across my vision.

It was so good.

My pussy suckled at my cock, milking my ovaries dry. I rose on my tiptoes as I hit the peak of my rapture. Stars twinkled in the dark with me. I shook my head, my skirt swirling at how great this felt. It was heavenly.

I'm cumming! Isidora howled. 

Oh, yes, take my futa-seed! cried Myra. 

I panted as I came down from the high of my orgasm. I breathed heavily, smiling as I savored that wonderful bliss buzzing through my veins. Then I noticed the flashing, red battery at the top of my screen. My phone was about to die.

Well, that was enough spying.

I turned my phone off and pulled my girl-cock out of my cunt. I shuddered as the jizz flooded out of me. I padded down the walkway to the stairs, the jizz trickling down my cunt. The moans of the drama club echoed behind me.

I rushed down the stairs, more cum spilling out of me and running hot down my thighs. I made such a mess. Anyone who saw me would think I had been fucked hard by a dozen guys. I had to get back to the dorm like this.

Well, I would have to make sure I wasn't seen.

It would be child's play. I was a spy now. A thief. Sneaking was my jam. As I slipped out of the restricted area, I moved on quiet feet down the hallway, my ears listening for any sounds. No one was a round.

I made my way to the exit, giddy with the thrill of having to sneak all the way back to my dorm without getting caught, jizz coating my thighs and my futa-cock thrusting against the front of my skirt. I reached the school's main entrance and scanned outside.

The coast was clear.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

My futa-cock throbbed at the end of cheer practice.

Great hustle, I said, clapping my hands as my girls headed towards the locker rooms. That was amazing. You're all my soldier bees. We are going to kick ass.

Whoah! Suzan Strong cheered. Her dyed-blonde hair fluttered as she bounced. We are, Lada.

I really feel that energy, said short and feisty Luana Pittaluga. She kicked her leg high, nearly doing a vertical split. Yes!

I loved it. I smacked Guadalupe Pinto on the skirt-clad ass as she sauntered by. The Hispanic cheerleader beamed at me. I just kept nodding to them, loving that they were all as excited to kick ass at our next game.

Mline Renard smiled at me, her face gleaming with sweat. Seo-Hyun Moon nodded her head, her slanted eyes brimming with excitement. I had pumped my cheerleaders up. Getting fucked by Virginia's girl-cock and becoming a futa had energized me.

I felt so... so... ready to kick ass. To defeat our enemies. Rainier Prep was going down!

You were awesome out there, I said to Janette Porcher. She was a busty lesbian. She smiled at me and then grabbed my ass. 

And you kept staring at my tits. When did you switch teams, Lada?

I winked at her. I got a big surprise for the locker room.

Janette's eyes sparkled as she headed inside. I followed after her, my futa-cock throbbing and aching. I didn't know what would happen if I fucked a girl. I was super intrigued. I bet it would be so hot. Maybe I would lose my cock and they would gain one. But then I would grow mine back. 

We could become the futa-cheerleaders with enough fucking.

Sneakers squeaked down the freshly-waxed floors of the hallway. The janitors had been through here and had left this part of the school. There was no one to interrupt our fun. They headed into the cheerleader's locker room, my hands already pulling off my sleeveless top (called a shell), so ready for the fun to begin.

Inside, my girls were stripping naked, ready to shower. They were before their lockers, thrusting their uniforms in and pulling out their towels. Mackenzie Richardson, a brassy-haired cutie, was the first to get her tits out. They had a nice jiggle as she worked off her panties.

Attention girls, I said, peeling off my sports bra. My round tits spilled out. My cock throbbed. I have a big surprise for you all.

They all glanced at me as I shoved down my skirt. I wore just my black panties beneath, my futa-cock thrusting out the top. They gasped, their eyes widened. Ocean Westley clapped a hand over her mouth. Shy Ejiro Okeke swooned, her petite body trembling.

I shoved off my panties and my futa-cock flopped out. It thrust from the shaved folds of my dripping pussy. I put my hands on my hips and beamed at my cheerleaders, proud that I had a huge girl-dick. 

To be continued...
