The mystery begins...

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 36 - The Mystery of Snuggle Bottom, Part 1 (MF, magic, parody, reluc)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

We piled out of the Misery Machine after parking the blue-green Chevelle outside of the large, 200-year-old bed & breakfast house known as Snuggle Bottom. After taking in some breaths of cool evening air, we went inside.

The house was lavishly decorated with warm red textured wallpaper and hardwood floors. "Can I help you?" asked a bored-looking platinum blonde in her mid-twenties behind the front desk.

I strode forward. "Hello..." I eyed her name tag, "...Molly! We'd like to speak to Mr. Winthrop, please. It's about the ghost."

The girl hissed, glancing over at an older couple sitting on a couch in the corner. "Quiet! Don't let any of the other customers hear you."

I looked at her. "But it was in the paper."

She rolled her eyes. "Nobody reads the newspaper anymore."

"Fair enough."

Soon we were ushered into Mr. Winthrop's plush office. The older man was handsome, what some would call a silver fox, and he looked worried but hopeful. "A mystery-solving gang? What luck!" he said, rubbing his hands together. "Please, will you help me solve this ghost problem, before I lose my business?"

"Like, that's what we're here for, man!" Monday spoke up.

"Hyep!" Doobie Roo added.

Mr. Winthrop goggled. "Did that dog just talk?!"

"You have a ghost, and a talking dog is freaking you out?" I asked him, and then turned to the group. "Okay, gang, split up and search the place! Demie and I will take the upper floor."

---

Kate strode through the swinging kitchen door, followed by Monday and Doobie Roo. Dinner was over, so the long room was empty. Suddenly, there was a thunk from over in the corner.

"Boinks!" Monday cried out, jumping into Doobie's arms. Of course, since Doobie Roo was a dog, he couldn't hold Monday up and both of them fell to the cold tiled floor.

"'hanks, Monday!" Doobie growled as he got to his feet.

Kate rolled her eyes and headed over to that corner, where she found a large freezer door. "The noise must've come from inside," she said, and pulled it open, but she couldn't see far into the mist-shrouded interior. "Hello?"

"Hellooo? Hellooo?" echoed back.

"Hmm...come on, Monday," she called back to him and stepped inside. Monday and Doobie looked at each other for a moment, and then Monday followed her.

CLONK! The fridge door suddenly closed behind him. Monday rushed to the door and pounded on it. "Doobie Roo! Let us out!"

"Dinkies! Are we locked in?" Kate asked from the depths of the freezer.

They searched for an interior handle, but there was none. This place was definitely not up to code, Monday realized! "Yep," he said despondently, pounding the door again. "Doobie Roo! Where the fuck are you?"

---

"I'll take this room, you take that one," I suggested to Demie in the upstairs hall before I opened and stepped through the closest door. Immediately the ambient temperature dropped. "Brr..."

There was a woman sitting in the darkened bedroom. "Oh! I'm sorry..." I began, but the door pulled out of my hand and slammed shut behind me. I turned to yank at it, but then realized that the woman had risen and moved closer. When I turned back, she was right in my face.

She was beautiful, perhaps 18 or 19 years old, with brilliant green eyes and dark auburn ringlets running down to her shoulders, and she seemed to be wearing an old-timey burgundy velvet dress. The cold radiated from her, and I recoiled.

"You are warm," she whispered hungrily, reaching for me. I grabbed at the door handle, but it was locked.

---

"So cooold..." Monday moaned, rubbing his hands together. They had tried his cell phone, but there was no reception, whether due to the walls of the freezer, or because the B&B was in a cellular dead zone. It also seemed that no one outside could hear them pounding on the door.

Kate had searched the rest of the freezer, but the door was the only way out. "Monday, we're going to have to huddle together for warmth." Her legs were so cold...the sweater was fine, but why had she chosen to wear a skirt with it? she wondered. And then she shook her head...this was what she always wore, of course. "Come on." She directed him to sit on a box of steaks, and then sat in his lap, facing away from him. "Wrap your arms around me."

---

"Tom?" Demie called as she walked back into the hallway. She tried the door he went into, but that room was empty. "Now where did he go?"

---

"Kiss me..." the woman instructed me. She was gorgeous, and I couldn't kiss Demie or I'd die, so I was generally up for kissing any woman who wanted me to; I was a kiss-slut, I realized! Her lips were very cold, though. They started to warm up as we kissed, as did her passion. Soon, her warming tongue was in my mouth and I felt her hand cup my package as it rose to the occasion.

She pulled me back toward the bed. "Fill me with your warmth," she commanded as I unzipped my pants.

---

"Time for a Doobie Snack," Monday said as he pulled out a fatty and lighter. Soon, he was puffing away, and despite her misgivings, Kate partook as well.

She relaxed a bit. Despite the cold, she felt Monday's rising erection pressing into her butt. His arm felt nice around her chest, and her body started to respond. She loved Tom, but it had been almost a year since she had enjoyed anything sexual due to...to...what? She felt that she was forgetting something important.

"Err...Kate..." Monday began as he tried adjusting his position so as to not poke her with his stiff member.

"It's okay," she told him as she leaned her head back into his chest. "We're just sharing warmth."

---

I had the woman's dress up around her hips and her lacy undergarments around her ankles as we continued to kiss. Her cold body had warmed up a lot, and she was breathing heavily. Did ghosts breathe? I wondered. "I'm Tom, by the way," I told her as I moved my face down and then dived into her unshaven muff.

"Oh!" she moaned, "Beatrice...I've never...ohhhh..."

Her vulva was cold too, but also warmed up as I lapped at it. Soon, I brought her to orgasm and she cried out in pleasure. Then I moved up and thrust my hard cock inside her very wet pussy.

"O-hhh!" she gasped. "Yesss..."

Damn, she was cold inside as well! My cock almost wilted, but as I thrust inside her, it seemed that I awoke a fire. Beatrice kissed me passionately as her insides melted, and soon she was thrusting her hips up at me as I rammed my cock into her again and again.

---

Kate shifted her seating, pleasure itching her pussy. Her skirt had slipped back a bit with her movements, and she wasn't wearing any underwear, so the only thing keeping Monday's very hard cock from her vagina were his clothes.

He sighed and began to move his hips as well, making her feel even better. Within a few minutes, they finished off the doobie and then neither of them noticed the cold. Kate was getting closer to her orgasm...closer...

Clack! The freezer door opened. A female form stood there in silhouette. "Oh! What are you doing in here?" Molly the receptionist asked.

In a flash, Kate had jumped up and rushed forward. Monday took a moment to adjust his trousers.

"Dinkies! Thank you!" Kate said, relieved. "Did Doobie Roo come get you?"

"Who? No, I just came to get myself some ice cream." Molly reached over and grabbed a box marked Rocky Road from a shelf.

---

The strange woman was no longer cold. In fact, her pussy was very warm indeed as I thrust into her faster. "Give it...to me..." she moaned.

"Unh...urnnn...UHHH!" I groaned as my orgasm rushed up my cock and my hot cum saturated her insides. I didn't even think to ask if she was on birth control...if she was a ghost then it was probably a moot point, I figured, but could ghosts even have sex? I didn't know.

"Ohh, myyy..." she moaned as she felt my warm seed splash within her and I felt her insides squeeze my cock with her own orgasm. "Uhhhuhhh..."

Then I was alone, the last few spurts of my cum splattering upon the bedcovers.

"Thank youuu..." I heard from somewhere nearby, and then the room returned to a normal temperature.

"You're welcome," I replied as I pulled my pants back up and headed toward the door.

"Demie?" I called out as I exited the room. Then I heard a growl. I turned, and there was a monstrous hound with glowing red eyes and slavering fangs heading down the hall toward me, its head the same height as mine!

"Shit..." I pulled at the handle to the door I had just left, but it was locked now! I turned and ran.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)