BATTLE MOON: A King Solomon's Mines slash adventure. Prologue & Part 1
Title: BATTLE MOON: Prologue and Part 1
Fandom: King Solomon's Mines by Henry Rider Haggard
Pairings/Characters: Allan Quatermain/Umbopa-Ignosi. Mention of Quatermain's deceased son Harry; also Sir Henry Curtis, Captain John Good, Foulata and Gagool.
Rating: A poetic NC17 (some blood-play)
Disclaimer: All Rights Reserved. No copyright infringement is intended and no money is being made.

* * * *

Prologue

Harry, my dearest boy, my only consolation – now that you are gone from me – is to continue to address you in this Journal, just as I have done whilst you lived and walked the Earth.

Because you have 'gone beyond', I am now finding the strength and freedom to address you with absolute honesty; and thus here confide such things as I might not have included were you living. It is a poor consolation for the lack of your living self; but such as it is, I will indulge it!

Harry my dearest son, I trust and pray that you – now immeasurably beyond this transient and fallible world – may look kindly and tolerantly upon your father's foibles. Particularly, I crave your beneficent understanding of the love I bore – Nay! Still bear – to One who commands my fealty beyond all other in this imperfect (and yet – how transiently wonderful) sphere!

Now that you no longer walk this earth, Sir Henry is urgent with me to return to the Dark Continent to explore further those areas that yet remain intriguingly blank on all maps.

But – oh my dearest – forgive me that I rather prefer to return to that Region with which my name (thanks to your invaluable aid with the publication) will forever be linked. I intend to return to Kukuanaland, where I am Awaited – and have been indeed, these five English years.

Allow me to tell you the tale, Harry (which is but an interpolation into that story you already know), in the hope that you – in your Higher State - will come to an understanding.

Here, then, I set down some Lost Chapters in that adventure of King Solomon's Mines; and our part in the overthrow of the tyrant Twala in favour of his nephew, Ignosi whom we first knew only as Umbopa …… 

Part 1

The Kukuana womenfolk had laughed (a trifle suggestively) when we'd asked to be housed in only one of the three kraals assigned to us.

Now, however, with Good delirious and being attended by the devoted Foulata, and Sir Henry groaning woefully through his stitched-up jaw following his death-duel with Twala, I was pleased to be able to take an empty kraal within the compound for myself.

Here I lay on the soft pelts and grass of the bed, stark naked in the heat of the night; and attempted slumber. However, the persistent keening of women – hourly reminding me of the price paid for the Glory of War – kept me far from my deserved rest.

Finally – one hour beyond midnight – I lit a gourd-lamp, and had recourse to the mythic certainties of The Ingoldsby Legends: although – truly – their phantasmagoria were scarce as wonderful as the situation in which we now found ourselves.

Uncertain shadows stalked me, and visions of battle-death flitted through a mind tired beyond sleep. Only one thing remained constant – the image of Umbopa-Ignosi, now King of the Kukuanas; upon whose noble head I had heretofore heaped all the customary vulgar, derogatory epithets with which I would habitually address native servants.

This was one thing in Durban; but quite another here beyond the pale of civilisation. In Kukuanaland, even Sir Henry had reverted to racial type, addressed Ignosi as an equal, and behaved like a berserker-Viking when beheading Twala with one mighty blow of his axe.

And I – I had a most unholy impulse to kneel at Ignosi's shapely feet and swear fealty, just as the Captains had been doing all day. I tell you, Harry my boy, if it were possible for a White Man from the Stars to feel abashed on account of a Kaffir, I was feeling just that way now!

This hidden realm of Kukuanaland was so far removed from the customs of the Cape, and faraway England, that I – even Macumazahn the wily watcher-by-night (who belonged neither wholly to the native kraals nor to the refined home-worlds of Cape Town and London) – felt inappropriate within this paradise under the limitless African stars and gilded waning moon.

Truly – a scant few nights ago – we three white men had claimed suzerainty over the Eclipse; and taken credit for extinguishing the Lady of the Heavens! But now it occurred to me with uncomfortable clarity that Gagool – that ageless embodiment of evil – had been in the right of it.

"It will pass! I have often seen the like before! No man can put out the moon." she had said.

How could we have dared to claim this Magic for ourselves? It was Hubris – as the Old Greeks would have it – undertaken nonetheless for Umbopa/Ingosi's sake.

A shadow moved across the doorway, and I reached for my pistol as a breeze agitated the palm-lamp. However, I soon made out the form of Ignosi, appearing as if summoned by my thoughts. He straightened, his hands held out empty, and looked around him with a mild spiritual gaze.

My body moved of itself. I sprang to my feet (forgetting for the moment that I was stark naked), and raised my arms in the Kukuana Salute to the King.

"Koom!"

"Oh, please!" he replied in a perfect, received English of which I had no idea he was master, "Be seated Mr Quatermain! This Savage King has more need of a friend than followers this night!"

As I blushed, discomforted, he reverted to the Zulu tongue and continued –

"To thee, and to Incubu and to Bougwan, I owe my throne – nay, my very life since ye threw over me the shield-of-the-stars against the malice of Gagool the Witch-Finder. Here then, there can be no talk of Baas nor Boy! Nor even – 'for the Sun cannot mate with the Moon, nor the white with the black' - since all here share the glory of conquest; and the hurts and death-wailing also!"

I sat down, a trifle uneasy at this kind of talk.

"Um … yes!" I muttered.

"I hold myself in thy debt; ye three. And yet, Macumazahn, I say that my people deserve more from me – and from thee also – than a number of cheap tricks concerning guns, false teeth, an eyeglass, Captain Good's bare legs; and the fortuitous occurrence of a natural phenomenon! What sayest thou, Macumazahn – man unto man, and human unto human?"

"I …. You're too clever by half, Umbopa!" I blurted in English.

"And yet – " he overrode me serenely in the Zulu tongue, "Thou hast hailed me as King! May not a King be 'too clever by half'? May not a King – though black as midnight – look upon the White Man and … have desires?"

I gulped, suddenly reminded of my nudity.

"Desires?"

"Do mettled warriors of the White Folk not lie together after battle? Do they not share Life, who have known – together – the closeness of Death?"

"Of course not!" I said indignantly, "We face death with stoicism; and the aftermath of war with a double-tot of Naval Rum!"

"So …! Always the Devil-drink, but never the rewards of close companionship! I pity thee, White Man from the Stars!"

I squinted in the smoky light at Ignosi's finely-etched torso beneath the Royal leopardskin cape, his face framed by the animal's gaping jaws, its front paws tied loosely across his broad breast.

"I pity myself sometimes!" I mused, half-aloud, in English.

"I have noted thy measuring glances, oh Macumazahn; and counted it high praise from such as thee! Wilt thou not share this thing with me now – in the darkening-Moon of the First Night of my Kingship? There is, truly, great honour both in the giving and the receiving of it!"

"I thought," words burst from me, half in my native tongue, half in the bitter language of envy, "That you and Sir Henry would be best matched in prowess and in beauty!"

"Ah – like calls to like whether light or dark, thinkest thou? Nay, thus would it annihilate itself! Bring then to me – twixt midnight and dawn – the soft and wily desert fox; the Father of Trickery and hidden things!"

In that instant I forgot that I was nearer sixty than fifty; that I lacked the necessary height to attain the heroic stance of Sir Henry or Ignosi himself. I even forgot that blasted lion who had left a permanent reminder imprinted deep on my thigh.

In the perfection of my youth, I had hardly been in any way godlike. Now, I felt I was held together only by the deep tanning of my skin by an African sun; and sheer bloody-mindedness.

But – as I say – in that shining instant, I forgot everything.

"Oh God!" I babbled, out of my mind with moonlight, death and bewitchment, "Yes! Oh, yes, Ignosi, My King!"

"Thou has spoken!" he intoned solemnly; then, dropping the cape and his moocha, stood naked, as I was myself.

I could now no longer conceal the shameful changes to my body. Ignosi, however, wore his nudity with pride; and I forgot my own natural modesty as I saw that the blue serpent-marking encircling his waist had its rightful termination at his groin, where the snake's head was represented by his Erect Member.

It was perfect, naturally right, and beautiful. Fascinated, I leaned forward to touch.

Ignosi drew in his breath with a sharp hiss.

"So – the white Inkosi hears the call of She-Who-Must-Be-Obeyed – the Lady of Passion, just as we do!"

"WHAT did you say?"

"I but commend you – us – to the Realm of the Inkosazana; the Lady of Desire, my Macumazahn! What further meaning entered thy heart?"

"Yes .. yes, of course! I …"

Memories of past times in the land of the Amahagger faded as the Snake's Head slid smoothly into my curled palm; and the King of the Kukuanas laid a muscular arm around my shoulders to pull me close. His shield-arm encircled my lower back, the left hand alighting gently to cup one nether-cheek.

Frozen thus like statues for a timeless instant, we each encountered the other's Final Secret - that we were both beings of flesh; and that our skin (of whatever colour) was soft and enticing, one against the other.

Men pretend daily that they are cast in singing bronze, or hewn from marble; but it is not so! Naked in the heat of the Kukuana night, we acknowledged that flesh is sweet, soft, and infinitely vulnerable. His gentle brush of fingertips against the ugly scar on my thigh confirmed this.

I raised my face – acutely aware of each age-line, and also of my unshaven chin – receiving a courteous head bow in response. The soft lips of Royalty brushed my compliant mouth. My bodily changes had ceased to be shameful; becoming urgent at the touch of his lean thigh.

"So!" he breathed, "As the blessed Lady of Heaven rides above us, let us complete the Circle of Life here below! Thus White may no longer triumph over Black; nor Black over White. Within this Circle all men – King and Watcher-by-night – shall be equal. Lie down, Macumazahn, upon thy right side; and let us complete the rite!"

I did as he instructed, reclining on the softness of the kaross below me. The King knelt for a moment above me; then laid himself head-to-toe with me (or rather – since my insignificant height could hardly match his godly frame) groin to lips.

His mouth enclosed and hid from the moonlight my shameful fullness. I reached eagerly (I must confess) for the Dark Majesty of The Snake.

'And when that they could go now higher
They twined in a true-lovers knot!'

The ballads of my untamed Anglo-Saxon ancestors sang within my thrumming brain and nerve-endings. The Snake, its head insinuated between my lips, found its rhythm in my mouth, and sweetly invaded my throat. Somewhere far below, close and imperative pressure enticed me to Unspeakable Bliss.

Even the recurring pain of my lion-mauled leg became part of this! If not entirely eradicated, it was soothed, reconciled, and made part of the Eternal Circle in Which ecstasy unites bliss and agony; life and death.

I had the use neither of breath nor voice, tongue nor mouth, to cry out; and yet a paean to joy sang through both our bodies to hail the Infinity Beyond in a pleasure that was both earthly and divine. (Or so it seemed to me – although I am often guilty of the Sin of Deep Thinking!).

At length Ignosi, sighing deeply, rose and reversed himself, pulling me towards him into a loose embrace.

"Thou art the strength of my loins and master of the night, Macumazahn!" he whispered, "The Circle closes beneath the waning moon!"

"Aye!" I responded sleepily, for it seemed to me too, that there had been a completion.

After a while, during which the white moonlight entered the kraal and invaded the interior of my skull, Ignosi spoke again, langorously.

"There will be yet more ere the sun stands high in the heavens!"

"Yet the Circle is closed, ye say!" I replied.

"Ah, but another may open! And I shall bind thee here! Doest accept this hidden thing?"

"I have ties … " my brain prompted uneasy words, "I belong elsewhere ….."

"Then shift – oh, but only a very little – thine allegiance from The Stars to this place, beyond Sheba's Breasts and Suliman's Berg, to this very kraal in Loo of the Kings!"

"I am torn, Ignosi! And yet – I shall always acknowledge thee my King and …. "

"It is enough! Wear thou THIS for me – the Shadow of which I hold the Substance!"

He produced, with the flourish of a stage-magician, two tiny rings, both smaller than the circumference of my littlest finger; one ebony, one ivory, each clasped with a tiny raw diamond. He proffered the smooth ebony flat on one callused palm.

"Wilt thou wear it in memory of this night, in token of the bond between us twain wherever thou goest?"

"It won't fit my hand, Ignosi!"

"This will pierce even above thy heart, Macumazahn, even as its twin shall rest over mine! Doest consent, comrade in adversity and bliss?"

"I consent!"

"It is well. I must pierce thy left breast even as thou must mine! Drink! Drink for the pain that it be subsumed in bliss! Drink!"

I took the oddly-shaped cup which he produced for somewhere (fashioned I later learned, from a human skull) and unhesitatingly took a heavy swig. I am – as I may have mentioned before – a fatalist.

I don't entirely recall the flavour. The night was so overflowing with honey that memory has retained only that overarching sweetness. And yet, within that, there remains the impression of a deep-grained, mouth-puckering bitterness that invaded my palate and mounted by degrees to my brain.

The night turned green as death, and pulsated gently to the rhythm of my heart.

A bee-sting spike of sensation distantly awoke my left breast. I moaned; but whether in pain or pleasure I hardly knew.

A soothing tongue lapped the heat of the wound; then a solid weight intruded so that I gave vent to a fretful mew. It finally settled – an uncompromising coolness behind my engorged and throbbing nipple – and was set forever with a final click.

"Come, my Macumazahn! I have pierced thee with a needle of ebony. Now must thou take the sharp ivory and do the like for me!"

I have to admit that my hand was guided, fingers clamped around the slender ivory rod with which I was presented.

Presently it pierced Ignosi and, pressed tight against him, I felt his shudder. My mouth was guided gently, inexorably to his torso; and the sharp iron-flavour of blood caressed my lips and tongue.

The insertion of the ivory ring was undertaken mainly by Ignosi also; but it was my vagrant fingers which, under his guidance, closed the diamond clasp.

"Come!" he whispered, "The moonlight of the Inkosazana awaits! Bring thou the kaross and let us lie in the Eye of the Moon!"

"Outside?"

"Thou forgettest, oh my Macumazahn, that all must shun this kraal on account of Bougwan! Only the Lady of Heaven thus observes us! And – Mr Quatermain - " he shifted suddenly to English, "the White Man from the Stars owes some recompense for the ignoble way you used Her some nights ago!"

"True!" I admitted hazily.

"Bring thou the kaross; and let us lie beneath Her glory beside the King's Kraal!"

I recall staggering into the blinding light of the waning Moon bathing the lime-paved yard outside. I recall the softness of the kaross beneath my knees and elbows. I recall how salt his blood tasted on my lips.

I recall the acute sensation within, and his weight on my back; and how the whole landscape pulsed to his rhythm.

I recall that my howl at the Lady of Heaven was hastily stifled by his hand across my mouth, as I spilled My Essence on the land.

And then I recall no more until I woke into the noontide glare of an advanced new day, tucked neatly under the karosses in the kraal; my body one huge throb of pain and the aftermath of remembered bliss.

* * * *

"Now do I learn," said Ignosi bitterly and with flashing eyes, "that ye love the bright stones more than me, your friend. Ye have the stones; now ye would go to Natal and across the moving black water and sell them and be rich ….."

So the King ranted as we announced our intention of leaving Kukuanaland. Each word was a spear in my already-pierced heart; and – had it not been for you, dear boy – I would have thrown those cursed stones to the ground and remained with him.

It fell to me – his closest friend and (dare I say the word?) lover – to persuade him that it was homesickness that was our main motivation. I intended those diamonds, and the wealth they would bring, for your benefit, my darling boy; and now they are no more than dust and ashes in my mouth.

So tomorrow, I shall bid you farewell, where you sleep in the churchyard here and set off once again for Africa. This time I shall go alone; for I have refused the offer of Sir Henry and the Captain – excellent fellows though they are – to try for the mysterious land of the Zu-Vendi.

No, my heart turns back, finally, to this chance allegiance of mine. I shall go back – struggling alone across those barriers we three overcame with such toil, five years ago; and – if I am spared – shall find some comfort for your absence, my boy.