"I'm getting married at a cute little farm, she said. It'll be the perfect spring break, she promised," I grumbled to myself as I wandered around the barn. My sister had some nerve dragging me here of all places. We were on a quaint little farm in rural nowhere Vermont. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind being at the farm. I'll camp in a tent, go skinny dipping in a river, hell I'll do all the outdoorsy things. And most of the time I love it. But this was my first spring break as a single lady ready to mingle. Images of hot, drunk college guys at the beach had me salivating. Nothing fired me up more than inebriated, horny men who couldn't keep their hands to themselves.
"Kelly!" my sister called out and I sighed, turning as I crossed my arms. She was flagging me down looking panicked.
"What's wrong?" I demanded and she pouted.
"They need an extra hand setting up the barn for the wedding. Turns out one of the workers got into some accident and can't make it. So they're short staffed," she started and I scoffed.
"Soooooo, me?" I pointed to my chest and she lit up instantly, grabbing my hands.
"I owe you BIG!" she insisted and I smirked.
"Fund my spring break trip next year," I offered and she hesitated before making a very determined face and nodding.
"Deal!" she breathed and I sighed, not making a fuss as she squeezed me into a tight hug. She hurried off, pulling her phone out and calling someone. I took a deep breath and glanced at the barn. How hard could it be? I wandered over, knocking on the open door as I peeked in.
"Hello?!" I called out, noticing the rows of bench seats. A lot of gossamer and plants were hung up. I saw a ladder leaning against what appeared to be a top deck and heard some shuffling. "Someone in here?!" I tried again, jumping when a pile of hay was dropped a foot from me.
"Can I help you?" a gruff voice called out and I glanced up, hesitating as I studied the upper balcony thing.
"My sister is the bride to be! She said help was needed setting up the barn?" I called back, glancing around for the mystery man.
"Great, come on up!" he called out and I frowned, glancing at the ladder.
"Is it safe?!" I demanded. I was met with a hearty chuckle.
"You look scrawny enough to be of use, get up here!" he teased me then. I was offended, glancing down at myself. I knew I wasn't much to gawk at. I was just a bean pole. But it was genetics. If I had my choice I'd be a lot curvier like my cousins who had amazing breasts and asses. My sex drive definitely did not match my body, that's for sure. I trudged over to the ladder, muttering under my breath as I climbed up it.
"Where are you?" I called out.
"Over here!" he called back and I sighed, walking to where the hay dropped from. Sure enough I saw him as I rounded a few corners. He was standing next to a pile of gossamer, studying the banisters. "This part is the toughest," he gestured to the small balcony and I took a deep breath.
"I can fit, tell me what to do," I pushed past him, shuffling along the tiny ledge as he helped feed the gossamer.
"See how I have those?" he gestured to the other poles that were decorated already and I nodded. "It needs to be like that," he mused and I simply nodded again, concentrating as I did my best. He instructed me through each pole until I made it back to the actual balcony area.
"Now what?" I asked, about to get off this weird ledge thing when he put his hand to my shoulder.
"The lights," he smirked and I frowned. I grabbed them, shuffling across and stringing them across the tops of the beams. Before I could call it quits he handed me the fake foliage and flowers. I worked on hanging those up as well, sweating by the time I finally finished.
"Is that all you need help with?" I asked and he pursed his lips.
"Well the archway isn't designed yet. It was supposed to be decorated by Cara, but she got in the accident," he mused and I took a deep breath.
"Yay me," I pushed past him and he chuckled.
"Are you not happy for your sister?" he challenged and I hesitated, turning to study him. He looked about in his forties? Maybe fifties? He had slight peppering above his ears and rough, scratchy looking scruff and skin. His hair was short and pushed back, his features stern but warm. I had to admit he had a rather nice build. It looked like he had firm shoulders and arms with a slightly tapered in waist. He looked like the kind of man who spent his entire life doing manual labor.
"I'm happy for her. I am even her maid of honor. What I don't appreciate is losing my chance to be on spring break," I started, venting to this complete stranger. He smirked, crossing his arms as he studied me.
"What's so special about spring break?" he teased and I shrugged.
"Nothing really. But this is the first year I could go as a single woman and prey on all the horny, inebriated men," he didn't even bat an eye at my admission.
"Is that something you think about doing often?" he had a good chuckle at my expense and I rolled my eyes.
"For your information I am a very sexually active and lustful woman. I'm sure I don't look it-"
"What do your looks have to do with it?" he pressed and I hesitated, studying him.
"Most people look at me and see an innocent young woman. I get treated differently because I don't have the same sex appeal?" I offered and he shrugged. "Whatever. You wouldn't get it. You scream masculine energy. I'm sure women are all over you. Especially if you help with the weddings. How many single mothers of the brides or grooms are you shooing away?" I joked and he laughed.
"Enough. But we're not talking about me," he breathed and I shrugged. "What's wrong with how you look?" he pressed and I hesitated, looking down at myself.
"I'm not curvy. I don't have a big ass or nice breasts. It's hard to feel sexy when my push up bras make me look only like a B cup," I wasn't sure why I wanted to talk to this guy about it. But having a stranger to talk to who I would probably never see again made it all better.
"It's not about size or shape. You look like a very beautiful young woman to me," he offered and I smirked.
"How old are you?" I asked suddenly and he smiled.
"I'm 47, you?"
"Going to be 21 in a few months," I shrugged and he chuckled.
"You could be my daughter," he murmured and I felt a weird pang in my stomach at that thought. I leaned on the wall next to me, pushing my hair back from my face as I licked my lip.
"But I'm not your daughter," I surmised and he nodded with a warm smile.
"No, you're not," he agreed. We stood for a moment, staring at one another before he cleared his throat. "So this ruined spring break, any ideas how you can make it better?" he started and I felt like he was trying to hint at something.
"Well if there were a few single, willing men I could sneak around with to have my fill," I let the thought hang there as I glanced at him with a sultry smile. "Know of any?"
"Maybe one," he muttered and I bit my lip.
"Do you shoo any woman away? Or do you play along?" I teased and a sexy grin pulled at his lips.
"There are perks with my job," he mused and I giggled, feeling giddy as I pushed off the wall. I walked toward him and he stood with his hands on his hips, watching me. "You're definitely the youngest woman though," he whispered as my hands touched the buttons of his shirt.
"Does that turn you off?" I whispered, undoing the first button. He grabbed my hands, glancing around.
"No. Quite the opposite. Hold on," he brushed past me, and I listened as he walked over to the ladder. The clink of the ladder under his boots echoed through the quiet barn. And then I heard the rumbling of the barn doors as they creaked and rolled shut. A grinding metal latch locked into place and my heart skipped a beat. "You coming?" he called out and I flinched, feeling antsy and nervous as I started to walk to the ladder.
I climbed down, nearly at the bottom when I felt his hands on my hips. I froze, turning. He picked me up and I gasped, letting my body turn as he pulled me close to him. His arm braced around my waist, my legs sliding up to lock on his hips. He smiled, running his free hand up along my leg and to my ass.
"Not so confident anymore?" he teased, when I hesitated before wrapping my arms around his neck.
"Shut up," I huffed, grabbing the hair at the nape of his neck. I pressed my mouth to his, my body coming to life. His lips were strong and hot, his scruff chafing against my face as we kissed. With a sigh he gripped my ass, pushing his tongue between my lips. When my tongue met his, his mouth fell open more. My tongue followed his, our mouths parted slightly as he rolled his tongue along mine. It was the most sensual and erotic thing I had ever felt. His lips closed around my tongue and he sucked on it a few times before pressing his lips to mine. I was smoldering, my neck and ears almost tingling they were so hot as I moaned and hummed against his mouth.
He pulled his mouth from mine, my tongue almost falling out of my mouth in desperation. I tried not to whimper, frustrated he stopped kissing me when he turned and walked toward a pile of hay. My frustration turned to excitement. He tossed me down onto it, reaching down to undo his belt and pants. They hung open, exposing a dark pair of boxer briefs. I reached down and unbuttoned my jeans, my heart racing. Without warning he reached down and pulled them off me. The fabric hung on my one leg, my thighs and pussy completely exposed.
"Mmmm, you don't shave?" he smiled kneeling in front of me. I blushed, about to defend myself when he grabbed my thighs and pulled them apart. His hands were so strong and rough, his grip powerful.
"I trim," I whimpered, gasping when he closed his lips around my pussy. My hands grabbed his hair, my body trembling. No man had ever put his mouth on me. My hair was always a barrier, one I was not willing to compromise on. But this? His lips and breath were warm as he sucked and kissed at my pussy lips. Soon enough he was rubbing his face against me gently, his lips parting to let his tongue tease and caress me all over as well. It was like he was making out with my pussy and it had my blood boiling.
"You taste so good," he muttered, his teeth grazing my swollen pussy and I choked on a cry of pleasure, feeling my clit throbbing. "You're so sensitive too," he murmured, running his tongue along my length. My back arched, my spine tingling as I gasped for air. I knew I was moaning and breathing loudly but I didn't care. This man was servicing me like a sex God. His hands caressed my hips, thighs, and ass as he continued not even coming up for air as he lapped and sucked at my folds.
"Fuck you're, oh god, too good at this!" I trembled when he teased my clit again, his lips and tongue feeling so deliciously soft and warm against me. He hummed in appreciation, pushing my legs back slightly. "What are y-" I gasped, my head falling back as his lips traveled between my asscheeks.
"Damn your ass is cute too," he gruffed, gripping my thighs tightly. He bit and sucked all over my ass and thighs, his breath burning my skin. Electric thrills coursed through me as he continued to devour me. His hands pushed up my body, easing my shirt up as he caressed my hips, ribs, and breasts. The way he touched me was enough to send me over the edge.
"Please!" I whimpered as he started kissing and sucking on my pussy again. His hands were massaging and groping me all over; it felt like he didn't leave a single spot on my body untouched. He adjusted, kissing up my stomach as I panted, my face flushed with desire.
"You weren't kidding," he whispered, his hips nestling between my thighs. "Is this what you want?" he ground his crotch against my pussy. I could feel his cock through his briefs, my pussy quivering and dripping with excitement.
"Yes please," I begged, reaching up to pull him close to me. My lips met his and we both groaned. He reached down between us, adjusting slightly. And the I felt it. The scalding, throbbing cock. I pushed him back slightly, looking down with hungry eyes. He was probably 6 or 7 inches long, but what had me trembling eagerly was how thick his cock was. There'd be no question if he was inside me. I was about to be stuffed.
"Like what you see?" he teased, his voice so hoarse and sexy. I answered him with an eager kiss, my tongue pleading for his as I worked to unbutton his shirt. Halfway through he thrusted his dick into my sopping pussy. I groaned, clinging to him as my pussy quivered and stretched. The intrusion was a lot, I was gasping for air, but my body was aching for more.
"So stuffed!" I whimpered, when he pulled back and surged deep inside me again. He groaned, his lips finding mine again. I finished unbuttoning his shirt as he slowly worked his entire length in and out of me. I could feel my pussy straining and tugging at his shaft, hear my juices squelching with his efforts. We were both panting and moaning quietly, the barn filled with the lewd sounds of our passion. Half his shirt fell out of his pants, hanging open as my hands ran all over his body. He was burning up, sweating too as he thrusted against me.
I loved the hair on his chest and stomach, I loved the feeling of his firm muscles and calloused skin. I was even infatuated with the feeling of his lips and scruff on my face. It all felt so mature, so capable. My arms slid over his shoulders and under his shirt. I dug my fingers into his back as he worked against me. He wasn't going too fast, but he wasn't taking his time either. It felt like a steady rhythm, my pussy throbbing almost in time with his efforts. He'd also angle himself to push in against my clit before bottoming out, massaging my most sensitive spots with his dick and his body.
"Faster please," I whimpered and he groaned, pressing his lips to my neck. He pushed in deep, holding himself there, my back arching as I stretched around him eagerly. I wanted to feel him deeper, to open myself up to him entirely. He held himself deep, his arm under my shoulders as his other hand pushed my bra up. Then I felt his lips. He was licking, kissing, nipping, and sucking at my breasts and nipples. All while holding himself deep inside of me. It was torture, my pussy quivering and clenching at his shaft as I wiggled with need.
I played with and tugged on his hair, my hips wiggling and grinding against him as he devoured my breasts. His mouth closed around my one breast, his hand and tongue massaging it all over. And if it couldn't get any better he started grinding his crotch against mine. His dick stirring inside me as his body rubbed against my clit. I let my legs fall open and back more, opening up for him and he groaned sinking slightly deeper.
He slid his arms under me then, one hand gripping my shoulder as the other slid into my hair. His nose brushed against mine, his lips parted and rubbing against my mouth and cheek as he grunted and thrusted into me. I pushed my hand under his shirt, gripping at his back as my other hand gripped the hair on top of his head. I was a hot, sweaty mess of desire as he ravaged my body. This grown ass man had pleasured me in every way imaginable and I was loving every second of it. His whole body was curving and rolling as he pulled in and out of me; I could feel his hips and stomach brushing against mine with each thrust, his back arching and curving with his motions. Was there ever a guy I met who was this into sex? This into the passion and pleasure instead of just trying to get off?
"Your pussy feels fucking incredible," he groaned, thrusting into me. I whimpered, shuddering as another thrill of pleasure rolled up my spine.
"Your cock is so," he thrusted and I gasped, shaking again. "So fucking huge!" I cried out as he thrusted again, his fingers clawing at me now as he picked up the pace. "God I want to cum all over you," I cooed, my mind swirling in a cloud of wanton.
"Want me to fill this sweet pussy?" he muttered before sucking and nibbling at my lips. I groaned, shoving my tongue into his mouth. My lips locked around his hips as I clung to him.
"Stuff me," I gasped, my eyes locked onto his. Our lips parted, our faces so close as we stared at one another. His forehead contorted as he'd grunt and pant with his thrusts. I moaned and whimpered into his mouth, both of us kissing occasionally as we were consumed in this moment. "Faster please," I begged, desperately wanting to orgasm on this amazing cock.
"Just a bit longer, I'm close," he panted and I shuddered, sucking on his lips. He returned the kiss roughly, his mouth crushing mine as our tongues swirled and prodded around erotically. His tongue brushed against the roof of my mouth and the back of my teeth and I felt a head rush, my mouth and skin tingling around my nose. I kissed and sucked at his lips, my primal urges taking over. He had me hypnotized and crazed for as much of him as I could have.
He lifted off me slightly, his face hovering over mine as he bit his lip. He started thrusting faster, my body jostling and trembling under him. This new angle and tempo had me mewling and crying out with almost every breath as my pussy throbbed, my thighs burned, and my body tingled with new throes of pleasure. He grabbed my legs, pushing them toward my chest and apart as he slammed into me. This was the deepest I've felt him yet, my eyes rolling back as I choked on a cry of pleasure.
"So tight," he groaned, holding my legs as he started powering himself into me. Every inch of his cock was pressing against and rubbing across my g-spot. I could feel my clit trembling and throbbing as it was stimulated, my heart racing as I panted. "God yes, hnnng," his face contorted as he gripped the backs of my thighs, going faster. I reached down, holding onto his thighs as I bounced and jerked from his force.
"Oh fuck! Oh god! Oh yes! Yes!" I felt the fire churning, the throbbing turning into a swelling as all of my energy flowed toward my thighs and pussy. My back was scorching, my body tingling as my head rolled back. "Don't stop! I'm gonna, oh fuck, gonna, oh I'm! I'm!" I cried out, my toes curling as my body tensed. I felt my pussy spasming and sucking at his cock, my body tensing and spasming as an explosion of pleasure erupted.
"Ahk! Hoooo, fuck, God!" he was groaning and panting, his hips relentless and more erratic. And then I felt it. His cock stiffened against my quivering pussy before a heat filled me. He let my thighs go, grabbing my hips as he bucked and lunged deeper, humping slightly as he emptied himself inside of me. He leaned over, kissing me tenderly as we caressed one another. His cock started to soften, slipping out of me. I felt his cum escape as well, the feeling lewd and erotic enough to make me want to cum all over again.
"I needed that," I gasped when he pulled away finally, tucking his cock into his briefs and adjusting his shirt.
"Me too. How long are you here for?" he muttered and I blushed, reaching down to tease my swollen and sopping pussy. It felt nice, this post-coital high also wonderful.
"A few more days," I smiled, pressing my finger to my tongue. "Mmm, tastes nice," I purred and he chuckled, buttoning his shirt up as he admired me.
"It might be hard to get any work done for the wedding, if you're the one who has to help me," he mused and I giggled, fixing my bra and shirt.  
"We'll just take a couple breaks every day," I insisted and he smirked.
"Do you suck dick?" he looked a bit embarrassed, but happy.
"Of course. I thought about having you cum down my throat instead, but I'm happy you wanted my pussy," I teased and he actually cleared his throat, looking horny again as he glanced around the barn.
"Let's get started on something before we take another break?" he offered and I smiled.
"You're in charge boss. I'll do whatever you say," I insisted and a sultry smile pulled at his lips as he watched me get dressed again. "I like the idea of soaking my panties and jeans in your cum. So by all means, give me as much as you want," I whispered, rubbing his crotch before I walked past him. This was turning out to be a more promising vacation.
"Wait! What the hell is your name?" he laughed and I giggled.
"Kelly," I breathed and he nodded.
"Ryan," he offered and I smiled.
"Mmm, nice to meet you Ryan," I felt so sexy and horny as I studied him. "I hope I'm a big help to you these next few days," I hinted and he laughed, biting his lip as a dopey smile plastered itself across his face.
"Me too. Come on, let's get something else done before I forget about my job," he insisted and I nodded, following his lead. If my days were full of Ryan, this wedding might be the best trip of my college years. And that thought alone had me excited.