Luna Signs a Document
by Viredae

I was in my senior year of highschool when, in economics class, the teacher told us to write up contracts, and if we can get someone to sign it, that person is obligated to follow that contract, and the school will even enforce it.


Predictably, Kim came up to me and handed me a very long contract, it was ten pages long!


The contract was titled “codes of conduct in school”, most of the contract seemed to be about stayin.


I tried skimming through it, but it was very confusing and I could barely understand half of it, even still, I caught a clause in there that stated that I would forfeit all my rights to Kim for a whole week.


I picked up a pen, and signed the last page on the dotted line, and Kim retreated to the teacher with an evil grin on her face, I saw her show the contract to him, and he grimaced, they seemed to exchange further words, the teacher sighed, and nodded to a satisfied Kim, who returned to her desk for the rest of the class.


Once the class ended, Kim came up to me again.


“Luna, get up in front of the class and take off your clothes.” Kim commanded.


“What? Why?” I pretended not to know, but secretly I was so excited inside.


“That contract you signed said that you have to do whatever I say for the rest of the week.” Kim explained, now all of the class had their eyes on me, seeing how I would react “And by the way, the school said you’d have to.”


After a very long minute, I got up and walked up to the chalkboard and turned to face the class.


I was wearing a white blouse, jeans, and pink bra and panties, along with socks and sneakers, I first kicked my sneakers off, then reached down and took off my socks, then I began unbuttoning my blouse, when it was off and I was finally showing off my pink bra, it hit me that I was going to be naked in front of my class very soon, and many other things for the coming week.


I continued and unbuttoned my jeans, pushing them down my hips and onto the floor, revealing my matching panties, I wasn’t in my underwear for long as I began to undo my bra, releasing my C cup breasts and showing my hardened nipples to the whole class, and soon enough, my panties slid down and I was also showing my trimmed bush and pussy to everyone, now I was completely naked.


I felt the shame and humiliation pretty quickly, as I stood there, my hands moved up to cover my privates on their own.


“No covering.” Kim chided me.


I felt even more humiliated as I slowly lowered my hands to my sides, even though I was quite embarrassed, I was secretly enjoying this a lot.


“Give us a twirl.” Kim gave another command, and I obeyed, slowly turning around, showing everyone my bare ass.


“Now put your hands against the board and bend over.” Another command from Kim, and another one I obeyed, I stuck my ass out and widened my stance, giving everyone a good look at my pussy and asshole.


“Good job, you can sit back down now.” Kim seemed satisfied, and allowed me to return to my seat, sans clothes of course.


The classes rolled on, and teacher after teacher came in, saw me, and were surprised, but by the end of the day, it seems that all of them had found out about me, some had even made me step up to the board once again to solve problems.


Before I left, Kim told me to come to school tomorrow completely naked, walking out into the hallway where all the other kids saw me, I heard them whispering, but I tried to pay no mind to them as I left for my house, walking naked.


The next day, I did as Kim told me and got on the bus naked, and all eyes were on me again, Kim spotted me and made me sit next to her, where she began fondling me in front of everyone, I was pretty horny by the time we got to school, but she never made me cum.


In school, Kim told me that she’ll spank me between every class.


After the first class, I was led to a chair in front of the board, bent over Kim’s lap and received 5 smacks on each cheek, I felt sore as I sat back down afterwards.


after the second period, Kim took me up again, bent me over, and this time delivered 10 smacks to each cheek, I was beginning to feel so aroused, getting spanked in front of my classmates was so humiliating, yet so thrilling.


After the third class, Kim brought me up again, this time giving me 15 on each cheek.


By the end of the day, I was receiving 30 smacks on each cheek, I was thoroughly sore, and could barely sit, but my arousal was unparalleled by then.


“You can go home now,” Kim told me “But you can’t touch yourself at home, understood?”


I did as I was told, my hard nipples were clearly showing on my way back home, and a few people even followed me around, taking pictures, fondling and slapping my ass.


I finally got home, and I wanted to masturbate so badly, but I was too scared of what Kim might do to me if I did, so I spent the rest of the day (and night) quite frustrated.


On the third day, I walked to the bus naked, once again, like I was told, this time it was my friends who took me and sat me by them.


“Are you ok? Or will you be exploding if we even touch you?” said one of my friends, which made half the entire bus burst into laughter, which just increased my shame.


“I am very horny, but I am fine.” I replied, my face completely red.


“Good.” My friend said, at which point they started to lightly touch and kiss my private parts, making sure that I was on the verge of orgasm, but not quite enough to cum.


In the class, Kim told me to stand in front of everyone.


“Did you masturbate last night?” She asked.


“No, I did as I was told.” I replied, still blushing from talking so openly about my sexual habits.


“Good girl, today I’ll let everyone on the fun,” Kim said, tweaking one of my nipples, which gave me both pleasure and pain at this point “between classes, anyone in here is allowed to touch you, as long as you don’t cum.”


The class was more than happy to oblige, they fondled, kissed and fingered me, but every time I was close to orgasm, Kim made them stop, so I spent the entire day completely unfocused, all I could think about was making myself cum.


The last period was the worst, we had gym class, and to make things even worse, we had to wrestle and my partner was none other than Kim, suffice to say that she completely dominated the match, she had me in a leg-scissor hold, leaving me flailing around, clasping at her vice grip and especially very visibly showing off my ass, she pinned my legs and restrained both my arms behind my back, this time showing off my generous breasts, she even had me in a Boston crab, where everyone was invited to take a closer look at my pussy.


Not only had she pinned me multiple times, she’d taken the opportunity to abuse my body the entire time, punching me in the stomach (despite the teacher warning her not to), painfully twisting my nipples and spanking my ass as hard as she could.


When it was said and done, I was a battered and beaten horny mess on the gym floor.


“Now Luna, are you ready to say uncle yet?” Kim gloated, standing over my naked body.


“Y-yes.” I barely managed to say through my heavy breathing.


“Well, then say it like a dog, get on all fours and bark ‘uncle’.” Kim issued her command, and I slowly got on my hands and knees like a dog.


“Woof, woof!” I barked.


“I don’t know, it that how you say uncle in dog? I don’t speak bitch.” The entire class laughed at that, and Kim invited everyone to come on over and ‘pet’ the dog, so to speak, or, as it meant, fondle the slave.


I was brought once again so close to orgasm by fingers touching my body, kneading my breasts and even outright fingering my pussy, only to be stopped by Kim when I was on the verge.


“Now remember Luna, just try coming tomorrow having orgasmed, I’ll show you who’se really boss then.” And with Kim’s almost invitation-like ultimatum, the bell rung on the last bell and I didn’t even bother getting any of my things before I rushed out and made a straight line to my house, I got inside and in my room, I lay down on the bed and began finger fucking my extremely wet and sensitive pussy almost immediately, I didn’t care that Kim would punish me tomorrow, in fact, I was actually excited about that now.


I came almost immediately, I think I even left a wet spot from my juices on the sheets, and I was so loud I was worried my parents would hear, but nobody had bothered me, so it was fine.


On the fourth day, I once again got on the bus naked, I noticed that the bus driver seemed to enjoy watching me get on with more lingering eyes every day.


This time, Kim was the one who made me sit by her at the last row of the bus, so that everyone could look back and see me, and so she asked me there:


“So, did you masturbate last night?” She had a hand on my breast, softly kneading it and occasionally pinching my nipple.


“Yes, I did.” I had lowered my head and replied, I knew she would punish me, but I didn’t know how.


“Why Luna, I didn’t think you were such a pervert, getting turned on so much.” Kim laughed, she pinched my nipple even harder “I was going to let you off easy, but I guess it’s not enough for a slut like you.”


Being called a pervert and a slut made my chest tighten, but I knew it was true, after all, I was sitting here completely naked, and under Kim’s complete control, all by my own choice.


“Then first of all, I want you to masturbate for us here.” Kim commanded me, I nodded and began teasing my left breast and pussy.


I was already quite wet and excited, so my finger slipped right into my pussy with ease, Kim even started to kiss and bite my right nipple, which made this go faster.


I was moaning and writhing around as I orgasmed for everybody, and I saw the people clapping and cheering for me, me and Kim got off the bus, at class, she made me masturbate between each class, and I could not stop myself, I felt so horny, even immediately after I finished cumming.


Kim even got me to go to the cafeteria this time (I had stayed in class every other day), she made me bring lunch to everyone and serve them, and near the end made me lie down on a table and masturbate once again as the entire school left their lunch to watch me play with myself.


I was exhausted by the end of the day, this time I didn’t bother masturbating in my house, as I was completely satisfied by today’s events.


On the fifth day, the bus driver told me to come over, he started fondling me and even stuck his finger in my pussy, then gave my ass a squeeze and a slap before sending me away, afterwards it was my friends that received me in the bus.


“Kim told us that we can do whatever we want today.” My friends said, and so they began having their way with me, groping and fingering every inch of me until, once again, I came in the bus in front of everyone.


This time, Kim’s orders didn’t just involve the time between the classes, it was even during the classes, the teachers themselves had begun to play with my body, and called me up frequently just to display me being toyed with in front of everyone.


One teacher even managed to make me have a loud, squirting orgasm while I was solving a problem on the board, nobody even seemed to pay attention that the solution was left incomplete as I left a puddle of cum in front of the board.


There weren’t even classes for me anymore, I was traded between rooms as everyone did as they pleased with my body, by the end of it, Kim led me to the auditorium where she first wore a strap on and fucked me in front of a fully-seated hall.


“Tell everyone here Luna, I own you.” Kim whispered in my ears as I moaned from her thrusts.


Once I looked around, I saw all eyes waiting, countless number of people listening to hear what I have to say.


“Yes! Kim owns me, I am her bitch, she is my master, she owns my body, my breasts, my pussy, my ass, everything!” I breathlessly shouted out to the crowd as I finally reached an orgasm from Kim’s strap-on for the whole crowd, who clapped happily as Kim took the juice soaked strap-on and shoved it in my mouth, I gladly sucked on it as she helped me up and made me take a bow to the crowd.


“Well Luna, that’s the week, your contract is done.” the mixed emotions from Kim’s release rushed through me, but they didn’t have much time to settle in as she stuck a finger once again up my pussy and said “oh wait! There’s still the weekend, I guess I still own you.”
