Bess's Stories 

Discovering that NIP 
Here is one of my first NIP experiences I thought I would share with you.
A few years ago my then boyfriend (now ex husband) and I went to a local pond with another couple to go swimming. It was early May and the woods were just beginning to leaf out, and the weather was warm and sunny.
When we arrived at the pond there were already people there fishing, two guys and a girl. Kirsten, the other girl in our group walked down the pond and asked the trio if they would mind if we swam further down the bank from them. They indicated that they didn't mind as the fish were not biting anyway, and they were mainly drinking beer lol.
Kirsten came back and informed us that we had the go ahead to swim, and she promptly took off her cut offs and T shirt and dove in naked! Her boyfriend Chris slipped out of his cut offs and he too jumped in the water starkers. So there we stood on the bank, I was in a swimming suit and my boyfriend Seth was in cutoff jeans. We had no idea this was a skinny dipping outing, and I was hesitant to undress in front of 5 people in addition to Seth. After some coaxing we both slipped out of our clothes and jumped into the water. I involuntarily looked over at the fishing party and of course they were watching us. They were too far away to see any real detail but they knew we were nude.
We swam across the pond, which is actually the size of a small lake... Maybe 2 acres, and got out of the water on the wooded slope. Now I knew the fisherman and the girl could plainly see that we were all naked, and after the initial shock wore off ... I found myself liking it. We sat around on a log and talked and eventually I got up and walked to the top of the hill through the woods. I began to walk along the crest of the hill when suddenly I heard a noise and a car went driving by ... I had walked out near the road. I hid behind a big oak tree as the car passed praying that they didn't see me in the spring foliage. They kept going, and I realized that I was liking the feeling of being totally naked where I wasn't supposed to be. It was very thrilling. So much so that I stayed there and watched several cars drive by, peeking around the tree. Seeing the people in the cars who had no idea a naked woman was watching them drive by a few feet away.
I don't think I wanted to get caught, but the idea that I may get caught was so exciting. I was disappointed when I went back to the pond to find the fishing party had left. I was actually looking forward to them seeing me nude again. I mean they already had and there was strength in numbers.
