It was the size of her arm. The head bigger than her fist. It was an immense cock and she must have it inside her.
The man lay on his back in the center of the gymnastics mat. His identity didn't matter. Maybe she recognized him, maybe she didn't. All that mattered was the mountain of meat between his legs.
She knelt close to it, salivating. She wrapped both hands around the thing. Or at least tried to. It was so thick, she could only cling to it like an uneven bar.
And it was so long. Nine inches? No, she blinked. Ten at least. A foot. A blink later it was two feet long.
Without conscious thought, her mouth opened wide.
There was a smattering of cheers from the crowd. The gymnasium was full. Everyone was watching her. Someone whistled. "Go April!" a small group yelled. "Ha, there's no way she can take that!" "Go home, little girl!" "Shut up, she's going to fuck that big thing into the ground."
April rose, placed her gaping mouth on top of the softball-sized head pushed herself down on it. She forced it in her mouth, her jaw expanding and expanding.
Growing applause and cheers accompanied her. "Holy fuck, that thing's big. You can do it, honey!"
That was her mom's voice.
Finally, impossibly, her lips closed behind the flare of the helmet. Her cheeks bulging, her jaw had to be dislocated. Or maybe made of rubber.
She shifted her knees and got a better angle. Drool cascaded down the endless shaft. And then she forced the torpedo down into her throat.
The crowd went a little crazy then. "Holy shit!" "We love you, April!" "So fucking hot, baby girl!"
That last voice sounded like her step-dad.
It didn't matter what was possible. It didn't matter how many inches were involved. She forced the gargantuan appendage farther and farther down her throat. Until at last her nose pressed against the anonymous male's pelvis. She pressed home hard, burying her face against him and taking every last millimeter.
The crowd lept to their feet and screamed. April swallowed and squeezed his fat testicles, making him squirm beneath her.
"That impossible!" "She can do anything. She can FUCK anything" "Slut bitch. That's disgusting." "I told you to shut up you frigid bitch. I will beat your sorry ass."
The man was trembling now. April's lips tried to pull into a smile but they were already stretched like a hula hoop.
She couldn't let him cum yet. She needed this apparatus for the second half of the event.
She rose to her feet in a single, smooth motion. The log popped out of her distended jaws and made a loud 'wang' noise, vibrating and standing straight up. Was it a foot long or a yard? It didn't matter.
April turned toward the judges and presented herself, arms raised. Then she changed it up and made direct eye contact. The judges were trying to maintain decorum... but she saw at least three had hands stroking whatever they each had between their legs.
April teased a finger between her legs, staring the judges down. Her ruby unitard clung to every curve and well-formed muscle and was completely soaked through around her cunt.
She traced a finger through her camel's toe, pressing the fabric deep in her groove. The crowd was going nuts "That's my slut!" shouted her step-father. "I'm so hard right now."
She could see her parents now, along with many of her past coaches and team- mates. A few of them had jealous scowls that just make her smirk. Of course they were jealous. They knew she was better.
Her mom had a hand down the front of her husband's pants. "He really is so hard, honey. I just wish he was big like that stud." The woman's eyes were glued to the prone, anonymous figure.
She turned from the judges to each other side of the crowd in turn.
To the left, she faced the growing crowd and ran her hands down her body sensuously.
Spinning to the right side, she pinched a prominent nipple through the ruby glitter and pulled the spandex up tight against her crotch. In many places in the crowd, men and a few women tried to jump barriers to reach her, only to be pulled back by other fans and security.
In the final direction, facing away from the judges, she began with a traditional arms-raised pose. She locked eyes with, somehow, the entire building that was now the size of a football stadium, filled to the upper reaches with screaming fans.
Then, she pulled one shoulder strap down over her arm and began to strip out of her costume. She needed to be completely nude for the next stage of the event. "Show them everything, honey." her mom screamed. Her dad added, "That fucking body is going to cause so many heart-attacks."
The roar became deafening as she tossed the ruby sheath aside and stood naked in the center of the universe.
She turned back to the judges. One of the men was standing, little cock out in his hand, stroking it wildly. Two of the women had removed their tops and were squeezing their breasts while fingering each other's gashes. All through the stadium, tens of thousands of people were doing likewise. Some resisted the urge, but only to better focus on April.
As she strode to the start of the runway, she was conscious of a million eyes on her perfect body. Sharp, dense plains of muscle, perky breasts topped with thumb-sized nubbins and a confidence that could not be challenged.
"I hope you break your freaking neck" an old teammate shouted. "That's it! I'm going to gouge your eyes out, you jealous bitch," screamed another. A small fight broke out in one corner of the stadium.
Chuckling inwardly, she mostly ignored the scuffle. She reached the head of the runway and the crowd began to settle down. She stood, looking down toward the vaulting pedestal. And beyond that lay the male with the enormous, upstanding cock.
Breathing deep, April fingered her cunt. She spread her labia and stroked her clit. The crowd had an intense energy, quiet now but focused. From time to time, groans and screams of climax would ring out from masturbating spectators.
She got herself nice and open and lubed up using four fingers as deep as they would go. She spared the judges one more glance as she licked her secretions off her hand.
Then she burst into a run, hurtling down the runway faster than a cheetah. Her eyes were focused on the vault but her mind was centered on the big cock on the other side.
She began even before reaching the springboard, executing a roundoff cartwheel before planting her feet on the board and propelling up and forward with terrific velocity.
Her hands planted on the vault, the world in slow motion. Her powerful arms and shoulders absorbed the impact, flexed and pushed off ferociously.
In the air she twisted twice and back-summersaulted nearly four times, entering a spread-legged tuck.
In normal competition, what she had done would have spelled disaster. She was about to land on her ass half way through a flip.
But in the last drawn-out hundredths of a second, she saw the man's flesh tower appear between her legs. She fell toward it, her aim perfect.
The fat tip now seemed about the size of her own head but as her flapping pussy lips hit it, she stretched to accommodate its mass. In five one- hundredths of a second, her body gobbled up the enormous head.
Time blinked back into normal speed and all she knew next was the monumental impact of her ass against the man's stomach as she bottomed out, every endless inch of his unreal cock encased inside her.
The screams and roar of the crowd mingled with the man's wail of pain and release and her own shout of climax. She gushed a river sperm and girl cum out of her tightly stretched cunt and her head swam. She saw brief images of the judges, all naked and on top of the table cheering or climaxing or both.
She saw a bloody limp form of that bitch teammate of hers surrounded by other, less bitchy teammates. They all had their tops off and her name "APRIL!" was pained across their jiggling little tits.
The one with the exclamation point painted down her cleavage had a bloody node but a huge smile and a very nice rack.
As the crowd's roars continued, she rolled. The giant cock wasn't quite as giant anymore. As it pulled out of her body, she became tangled and confused. She rolled again, fighting.
Suddenly, she was falling. For a split second, there was nothing beneath her. Then she hit the ground hard. "Oooaf. Oh. What the fuck?" she muttered groggily. She fought free of the sheets and found herself on her bedroom floor.
She'd fallen out of bed as she woke from the dream. She rubbed her eyes and head and cast about her room in confusion.
The dream. It had all been a dream. Of course. Because what about any of that had made any sense?
Briefly, she wondered if her encounter with the ball-player Tanner had been real. No, that had been real. It had been just a couple days ago. She got properly fucked for the first time in her twenty-two years. The experience had really changed something in her.
She'd never had a sexy dream before. If that crazy stunt even qualified as sexy. She noticed the swollen slickness of her cunt and knew that the climax had been real. She could feel it's energy still fading from her confused body.
She struggled to her feet. She'd go wash her face or something, try to shake the cobwebs out.
As she stood in front of the bathroom mirror, she did have one clear thought that she voiced quietly to herself. "What the shit was that stuff with dad and mom? That's creepy."