Title: Nurses, Run!
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Harry, a limited telepath, meets more than his match when he
tries his bag of tricks on Corelle D'Amber.
Keywords: MC MF

Nurses, Run!
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's note: I wrote this silly little number to finaly get a joke
out of my head that I started on the mind control forum. Special
thanks go to Eye of Serpent for her permission and support; without
permission, the story would have been unauthorized and without support
it would have been more poorly written.*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

The doctors on staff at the secluded mental hospital were at a loss to
explain the patient's ailment, as he was physically fit, relatively
cooperative, and apparently intelligent. He seemed frustrated with his
inability to communicate anything besides basic needs with the
hospital's staff, but there was no denying something was wrong in the
poor man's mind.

The stranger walked into the hospital and looked around. Nobody was to
know he was there at all, so he had to find the patient's room by
skimming information off of the staff. Reaching out with his mind, the
stranger--an unassuming man named Ted--gathered all the information
he'd need. He also started hiding the patient's existence from the
memories of the staff and other patients.

With a wry smile, he detected the patient's mind abuzz with activity--
and there was a woman with him. "Let him have his fun for now," Ted
said aloud. 'After all,' he thought, 'I probably have about two large
boxes of paperwork to grab. Can't leave any records behind....'

With that, Ted went to the records room to start gathering records. It
didn't take long to find the new file for the new patient, Harry
Grimgravy.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

In Harry's padded room, Nurse Sally Trimpe couldn't understand what
was going on. All she knew is that before she could even hand a tray
of food to the patient, she had set it down and began to disrobe. It
was almost like her pussy had ignited with lust as soon as Harry had
looked at her--and even though she was married and had never cheated,
she knew what she had to do.

She tackled him, easily knocking him to the floor. Already down to her
underwear, she kissed him hungrily--aggressively, even--with a force
that seemed to surprise her. His taste was something that coated her
mouth like honey, and she didn't break the kiss even when she took her
bra off and ripped her wet thong from her body.

Her husband (and everything else in her life outside of fucking the
patient) forgotten for the moment, she worked her mouth down his body,
easing him out of his clothes as she went down his torso. When she got
to the pants he was wearing, she carefully pealed them from his body,
almost climaxing when his very erect member sprang up, pointed right
at her face.

She knew what to do. Hoping he would also help her with her need, she
completely removed his pants and swung her body around, planting her
sex right above Harry's mouth--and her mouth right above, and quickly
around, his shaft. She briefly realized she'd never given a blowjob
before, being a rather prudish (but very pretty and petite) 22-year-
old. In fact, she had only four lovers before Harry--and she'd never
been this aroused.

Using her hand and mouth in unison, she quickly worked on his cock,
hoping with every passing moment that he'd use it on her. Meanwhile,
his mouth had found her clit, and this time she did cum--so hard, in
fact, that she had to remove her mouth from his rod so she could
scream while she pumped it with her hand.

That was the extent of the oral play, though. As soon as she could
think clearly enough to fuck, she hopped up and moved her ass down his
body, slowly impaling her very wet cunt on his largish prick. As she
began to really fuck him reverse-cowgirl style, she found herself
amazed that fucking--'sex,' her brain tried to tell her, she corrected
that part of herself by thinking 'no, it's fucking! I love to fuck!'--
could be this good. She wondered why she hadn't been doing with
everybody she could convince to fuck her!

Right about then, she felt him throb inside her... and a moment later,
he coated her insides with his white, hot cum. She shuddered again,
growling like an animal as her own climax, this one bigger than the
last, washed over her. A minute or so later, she realized that she had
fallen off of him, and that she had to get dressed. He seemed to be
asleep.

'Heh. Men. Shoulda known.' She was still excited, and it occurred to
her that if she were with a woman, they could continue to fuck like
animals until they simply didn't want to fuck anymore. Pulling her
clothes back on (sans the tattered thong, which went right into the
trash can), she decided she'd call Heather, the cute girl from her
nursing classes who she not only had worked with and kept in touch
with, but who she knew was a lesbian.

That thought gave her a noticeable tingle between her thighs, and she
hoped that the cute nurses wouldn't cause her to obviously dampen the
crotch of her scrubs. With playful, Sapphic thoughts running through
her head, she gathered the still-full tray and left the room, passing
Ted along the way.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"Wake up, Harry," Ted yelled suddenly, plopping two large boxes of
papers onto the padded floor.

Harry shot up right away, still confused as to why he had just
enslaved a pretty nurse, and sat back silently as he then made her
into a raging nymphomaniac lesbian.

"Hello, Harry. My name is Ted, and I've heard about your... uh,
problems; specifically, your unusual brain wave activity and, well,
your recent behavior. Say something if you understand me.

He cleared his throat, looked at Ted, and in a loud, steady voice
announced, "Red rum, sir, is murder."

His eyes became as round as silver dollars as he tried again--he'd
practiced that speech in his mind a thousand times, as he knew the
rumors about the 'mind control police' and knew that eventually they'd
find him if he landed in an institution. His mind repeated its
prepared speech: 'I don't know what has happened, but I need to get
out of this nuthouse.' Speaking again, he said, "Was it Eliot's toilet
I saw? Boston did not sob? God, a red nugget; a fat egg under a dog!"
This time, he had to slap his hands over his mouth to stop.

Ted, amused, had a seat on the comfortable floor, and Harry did the
same. "So, Harry, what on God's green earth did you do to end up here?
Did you see the face of the person who did this to you?"

Nodding his head to indicate yes, Harry said calmly, "Egad--no
bondage."

"Harry," Ted said in a mildly annoyed voice, "You're speaking in
palindromes, and I have to type a report. I've got a nurse sitting at
a computer who will type whatever I want her to type, but for now, why
don't you shut your mouth and let me get the story from your mind."

Without waiting for a response, Ted said, "Good, we're agreed. Now,
take a nap while I go to work on your tiny little mind."

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Down the hall, Nurse Trimpe shook her head a little, went to a
computer, opened a word processor, and began to type. Nurse
VanDerhermit picked up her charts and decided, for no particular
reason, to do the work of two people for the next hour or so.

Sally was on her knees, serving her Master, Harry. As her mouth slid
up and down his seemingly perpetual erection, she felt a constant
vibrating buzz teasing her clit. The buzz seemed to be somehow
connected with her speed, and since she genuinely enjoyed both the
sensation in her pussy and the danger of getting caught blowing a
man--
'My Master,' she reminded herself silently--in the hotel lobby where
she worked, she simply took her time. After all, it was the graveyard
shift and nobody was likely to interfere. Even if they did, she was
below the counter and Harry knew enough to help with any late-night
guests.

As she flicked her tongue rapidly just below the head of his
glistening cock, making him moan and grab her hair, she wondered how a
guy who worked as a plumber could know her job as well as she did.
Going back down on him and deep throating his member, though, she
decided it didn't matter. So powerful was the pulsing of her clit that
she barely heard two guests check in above her. She did hear the bell
chime when the elevator they apparently stepped on began its ascent,
because at that moment, Harry pulled away from her hungry mouth.

"Please, Master, let me finish you," she panted as her fingers probed
her pussy, making her glad she wore skirts with no panties since she
met Harry. "I'm... so close..." she said, trailing off as the
sensations in her body built to a fevered pitch.

"Thanks for the fluff job, sallyslave, but do you know who just
checked in? A lovely pair of women, one of who is named--get this--
Sally Snake-Eyes Amber. I guess when there's a dice game exposition,
you'll see names like that. But, I have to go and... help her check
in," he said as he gingerly placed his still-hard dick in his pants
and very carefully zipped up.

On the floor and still kneeling, Sally was fucking her cunt with three
fingers, knowing that her release was his to give her. "But...
please...."

Turning around when he was half way to the elevator with the new
guests' key in his hands, he smiled tenderly and said, "Sure thing.
You are, after all, a most devoted slaved." With that, he snapped his
fingers.

It was the last thing Sally heard before stars filled her vision and
she passed out in orgasmic bliss.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Harry walked to room 1104, key card in hand, and stopped at the last
corner in the hallway before his target's door. A woman, a very pretty
blonde with an empty ice bucket in her hand, was leaving--and he
caught a glimpse of a kiss between her and another woman before the
other woman (whose hair was auburn) went back inside.

He went to the woman who'd just left, posing as a security guard of
some kind. Most people wouldn't have believed it. But this woman
wasn't most people.

"Hi, I'm Harry, the, uh, security guy. I guess you're just escorting
that lovely lady to her room?"

The woman was a little shocked, but she simply agreed with Harry.

"That's OK. I need to... uh, welcome the new guest to her room. See
you later, ma'am!"

"Right. Later," the bewildered woman intoned as she wandered down the
hall.

Smiling, he waited patiently a few moments to ensure that the woman
inside was not near the door before going in. 'This will be an
experience neither of us will forget,' he thought as he swiped his
card and walked inside. To his surprise, though, the woman inside was
staring right at him--almost as if she were waiting for him.

"What exactly are you doing in this room, little man?" she hissed at
him, making unwavering and yet disturbing eye contact. Harry almost
felt a serpent crawling up his spine--her gaze was that intense!

Once he'd shaken off that eerie feeling, Harry gave no immediate
response, as he loved to appreciate his prey before unnecessarily
explaining what he was planning with the lucky lady in question. Her
body was not the typical bimbo type he usually went for, nor was it
the "heroine-chic" super-skinny "you can see her ribs" model he
enjoyed form time to time. She was a classic beauty, like a movie star
from the 1950's. There was an elegance about her that was lacking in
his cache sex slaves, and he just felt that this woman was somehow
"more" than the other women he'd taken. More of what, he didn't know.

"Excuse me, I believe I asked you a quest..." the woman began before
he held his hand up in a 'Stop!' motion.

"Please, Sally, just calm down. In case you haven't noticed yet," he
stated as he began his standard monologue, "I'm in complete control.
And, if you're anything like the other women I've taken, you'll want
to know how. Oh, and don't fret with resistance. In the end, I'll make
you so insatiably horny that you'll beg for my big, hard cock, even if
you are a lesbian. Got it? Now show me, your new Master, the respect I
properly... uh, the deserved... wait... oh yeah. Show me the proper
respect, the respect I deserve, as I am your new Master!"

The woman looked at him incredulously, but to Harry's delight, she
seemed unable to speak. 'Just as they all are, speechless while I hold
up my palm. Their minds are so like putty... in my palm! Ha! I'll have
to write that one down...." he mused as his hand slowly lowered.

In a slow monotone, the woman asked, "Master, were you not going to
tell me about your powers? I find your ability to control me
absolutely fascinating, oh... Master."

Harry noticed how the word "master" seemed like acid in her mouth--and
that was how his victims usually responded. That was proof enough for
him that she was, indeed, completely his. "Yes, Sally. My powers. As
you can clearly tell, they're real. But, I bet you wonder how I know
your name, and how I'm controlling you. I'll tell you, since there's
nothing you can do about it."

"You see, one night, I was minding my own business and flipping
through the channels on TV. I fell asleep when the movie "When Harry
Met Sally" started. I don't think I was asleep for long, but an
explosion awakened me. There was a flood of green light outside my
house, but it faded--and that's when I noticed that the TV was also
glowing. I touched the glowing TV to make sure it was OK--and that's
when it zapped me."

"It was a few weeks before I was able to move much, and I had been in
the hospital since that night. But then, a nurse named Sally
Skeeverton started washing my body, and I thought, 'I bet it would be
cool if she sucked my dick and swallowed my cum.' And, she did!! It
was the best blow-job ever. I put her through the paces over the next
couple weeks of my recovery, and by the time I was ready to come home,
she was so in my power that she moved in, too."

"It didn't take long to figure out that there is a rather obscure
limitation to my power: I can only control women named 'Sally.' So,
when you and your gal check in, I grabbed a key to your room, and here
I am."

The woman's look changed to one of sheer disbelief.

"I see you don't believe me. My powers seem to be limited not by the
normal things that can affect telepathic power--DNA patterns, mental
resistance conditioning, etc.--but by something as random and
innocuous as a name. It's even stranger when you realize that I once
controlled a police officer named Sal E. Scumming."

The woman's expression of disbelief grew.

"Yeah, I know. It seems unrealistic and far-fetched. Hell, it's almost
insulting to your intelligence that I'd even suggest it. And, my
explanation of my powers is unnecessary, as is the information that I
have no control over non-Sally's. I mean, that could only play into
the hands of someone who wanted to do me harm!"

"Anyway, that's enough of a history lesson. First, I'm going to give
you an instant, remote-control orgasm to prove my power over you--as
if you doubted it anymore. Then, I'll have you take off every stitch
of clothing from the top down. Then, after I've taken some pictures,
I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked before."

Pausing, he clarified, "I don't mean, 'like you've never been fucked
before' to mean 'like you are/were a virgin.' I mean, the experience
you will have will be like none you've had before. You know what I
mean. Now, when I snap my fingers, cum for me and submit your will to
mine."

The woman looked at the ceiling and shook her head a little, wondering
where her roommate--or even hotel security--could be and why this
lunatic was bothering her ('Does he really know who I am?' she mused),
but at the finger snap, something happened. Her eyes closed a bit, and
her head rocked back and forth. Moans escaped her lips as her hands
traced lines up and down her sides.

"Oh yes... yes... oh oh...!" she chanted as moans turned into ragged
words. Her body was visibly shaking with apparent lust and it wasn't
long before she screamed several times, fell to her knees, and was
only able to say, "oh... oh god...." over and over again.

Harry was pleased. "Well done, SLAVE. Now, stand." His new slave
complied. "Strip, honey. First, take that damn thing off your head. I
want to see you in all your..."

At that moment, her hand removed the white, silk eye patch. He looked
at it and realized------

Maybe this wasn't such a good idea. Making women fuck me isn't right.
Not right! The real entertainment is watching women fuck each other!
Imagine my Sally here with the three I have at home... my best
friend's wife, Sally, screwing Sally from his work... oh god what have
I been doing...! My gifts are for women... won't lovers revolt now...
do nine men interpret? nine men I nod...

The next thing he knew, Harry was suddenly back from the strangely
pink abyss in which he'd been imprisoned. Aside from a vague memory of
turning women named Sally into lesbians or some such nonsense, he
couldn't remember much about the period of time starting when he saw
the pretty woman touch her eye patch and ending with two security
officers staring at him gruffly.

'I'll just tell my latest Sally to make them leave. I'll say something
like, 'oh, we were role-playing,' she'll agree, and I'll continue.
Yeah, that'll work'

"Well, sir, we don't have all night. Why are you in this room, and how
did you get in? The desk clerk says you stole a key card."

Smiling smugly, Harry said, "A man, a plan, a canal, Panama." His face
betrayed the confusion his mind felt at his strange outburst, so he
tried again. "Yo, banana boy! Gert, I saw Ron avoid a radio van--or
was it Reg?"

Harry got up, slapped himself in the face a few times, and tried
again. 'We were just playing, please go away, isn't that right,
Sally?' his mind repeated in silent preparation. After a full minute
of frequent self-slaps to the face, he regained his composure, faced
the taller guard, and said, "I, man, am Regal. A German am I."

This caused the shorter guard to dial 911 on his cell phone,
indicating they had "a real mental case at the HoJo."

Running to the guard with the phone, Harry grabbed his jacket with
both hands and exclaimed, "Lisa Bonet ate no basil! Was it a car or a
cat I saw?!"

That was enough to solicit a rough tackle from the taller guard,
complete with handcuffs and a stern warning "not to say another stupid
thing." Harry's confusion got the better of him and after he told the
police that "rats live on no evil star," a club hit to the head put
him to sleep.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Ted shook his head, snickering. He had just relived much of the scene
as it played out in poor Harry's mind, although what Harry saw was
somehow hidden very deep in that gray matter between the broken man's
ears. And, Ted was amused to find that he couldn't see Corelle's eye--
it's like that one bit of information was completely wiped from his
memory; something that had been deemed impossible.

He made a quick phone call on his cell phone before turning his
attention back to Harry.

"Well, that confirms it. The woman you tried to enslave is named
Corelle D'Amber. We have sketchy records on her and Econ is always
watching her business deals, but it amazes me that you tried to
enslave her--why didn't you bother to *ask* if her name was Sally?
She's apparently nice enough and probably wouldn't have even bothered
doing anything to you. I mean, you knew there were two women in
there--
it didn't occur to you that you might have the wrong one?"

Harry's mind justified his actions by thinking to Ted, "But she came
when I snapped my fingers! I could only make someone named Sally do
that!! It was a loud, animated and amusing public orgasm! Well, not
public, 'cause we were alone, but...."

Ted put his hand on Harry's shoulder. "Harry, have you ever actually
bothered to watch that movie? 'When Harry Met Sally,' that is?"

'What's your point?' Harry asked. He wasn't a Billy Crystal fan and
never bothered seeing that particular film.

"Sally fakes her orgasm in that movie, and does it in public just to
prove that it can be done. Damn, that's got to be the most well-known
scene in that movie!" Ted said between laughs. "She faked one on you!"

Calming down, Ted patted Harry on the head. "Let's get you out of
here. We'll fix you up, but not before I show the boys at the St.
Louis office that this really happened. They'll never believe me. You
realize that you're the first male we know of that has actually looked
into Ms. D'Amber's 'eye,' right?"

As Harry said "Nurse, I spy Gypsies--run," he thought, "I guess that
makes me lucky."

Ted told him, "no, it makes you special. We're going to pick your
brain and learn all we can. As to how you ended up here, well, from
what we've gathered, at some point, Sally did return to Ms. D'Amber's
room and once they'd talked to your girl at the desk, they called
security. The security officers found you on the floor, drooling and
mumbling incoherently."

"We interviewed the police who arrested you, and they indicated that
you were already speaking gibberish--or palindromes, if you will--by
the time they got there. When we 'talked' to Sally, the girl at the
desk, we found out that while you had been in her mind, your influence
was wiped away completely. And," Ted said, leaning in close, "it seems
she had a hell of a night in bed with your intended victims after you
left. Now get dressed and grab these boxes. We have to go."

Harry got dressed, looking dejected at the loss of his favorite
sallyslave.

"Oh," Ted added, "don't influence anybody else until we get back to
headquarters. You have a snake in your mind that you can't come close
to controlling. We're pretty sure we can get it out of there, but I
don't want you making any more lesbians for the time being--got it?"

Harry nodded his head, and they walked out of the hospital, stopping
only to grab a freshly-typed report. He smiled as the sunlight hit his
face when they got outside--usually, these cases were less than
amusing.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2005, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.