A DIRTY AFTERNOON WITH GLENN

I'm not gay, but I do admit to being strongly bisexual. The sight of a sturdy male cock excites me. Its progress from a flaccid state to rigid hardness fascinates me, as does a variety of different shapes and sizes of cocks and ball sacs. I have a great appreciation of the male body too, particularly that of hefty, rugged and hairy men, either interacting with a woman or another man.

I must admit too that watching male-female porn films I am often attracted to the man's dick rather than to the woman's physical features. The size (or sizes if featuring more than one man) and shape of the cock, the man's body and the way he uses his cock come under my close scrutiny and determine my overall enjoyment of the production.

However, mostly I am a fantasist, my imagination being more fruitful than actual relationships with other men. This imagination fuels the need to masturbate frequently and to let my imagination roam, either by focussing on a porn film or by drawing on my long sexual experience, most of it fashioned by my old school colleague Glenn (related in my chronicle "AT THE WHIM OF THEIR MASTER'S COCK").

He and I go a long way back, to school days. That was where he first abused me, but rather than turning me off sex, it turned me on to sexual promiscuity as a whole. Later, in our teens, we drifted apart. Later still, when I had a regular girl friend whom I later married (Gillian), Glenn entered our lives again in a sexual and bisexual threesome in which he totally dominated Gillian and in turn also controlled my sexuality.

We hid our bisexuality from Gillian but convened in secret meetings whenever possible, behind Gillian's back, and indulged in our own private relationship. These were taken as the opportunity arose. One morning he rang me and casually said he had booked a room at the Hilton and would I join him in the afternoon? Of course I agreed instantly.

We met in the bar at lunch time and had a few drinks. He was his usual dominant and rampant self and it did not take long before we made our way to his room. As soon as we entered, his dominance became more prominent.

Without any preliminaries he gave his first order. 

"Get naked and kneel down here". He pointed to a spot between his legs. Silently, I did as bid, slipping off my clothes and feeling a cold chill of expectancy about my body. I was on my knees, naked, my cock already nudged with excitement.

Glenn towered over me. He was over six foot and well-built. Slowly he began to take off his own clothes, all the while eyeing my nakedness.

"How's Gillian?" he asked.

"Fine thanks".

"Are you fucking her regularly?"

"Yes", I replied truthfully.

"Good, good. Keep her in shape. We need to get together soon so I can keep her in trim and remind her whose property she is".

"Yes sure, she'd love that. That's what she craves". I replied truthfully again.

He had undressed now and stood before me in his full nakedness. The whiteness and curvature of his body had me spellbound. His uncut cock hovered a few inches above my lips. His strong fingers took his cock by the stem and began to stroke it to fullness. With his other hand he lifted his huge ball sac and exposed his scrotum. He moved closer to my face. I could smell his meatiness and the aroma titillated my senses.

"Start licking".

I clasped my arms around his white thighs and buttocks and drew him to me. My tongue darted to his scrotum in a series of long and short, darting licks. This made him gasp with pleasure. He grabbed my head with both his hands, lifted his torso onto me and suffocated me under the folds of his ball sac.

I gasped for breath in between wet licks and a series of gentle nibbles on his scrotum flesh. His cock was long and sagged crooked with the weight of his ball sac. In a swift movement he lifted me to my feet and crushed me to him in a strong embrace. Our nakedness rubbed against each other. He pulled my head back by my hair and his wet and fulsome lips clamped down on mine and we entwined in a long and slobbering kiss. This was the most intimate we had ever been.

His hands groped my body, urgently drawing me to him but equally urgently feeling parts of my nakedness, parting my arse cheeks, scratching a line down my back with his finger nail.

He pushed me down on my knees again and once more crushed his scrotum into my lips. I unleashed any reservations that I had left and madly attacked his ball sac, sucking each massive ball, my tongue feverishly working over his whole mechanism with lashes of spittle wetness.

"Good, good", he groaned. In my consciousness I wanted to please him as much as Gillian did. I wanted to show him that what my wife Gillian did for him, I could too.

He dragged me to my feet again and frog-marched me to the bed where he flung me down on my back. He clambered onto the bed, his cock searching for my lips, his own lips searching for my own cock. I enveloped his cock into the wetness of my mouth as I felt his own hot lips traversing the length and breadth of my cock.

The excitement was exquisite.

My mouth filled with his cock, I began to feel his motions as he went about fucking my mouth with a series of swift and short jabs before starting a regular and steady motion, lowering his cock into my throat, slowly extracting it and then starting the insertion all over again.

He tasted meaty and hot. My body totally surrendered to his dominance.

His strong fingers began to work my rigid cock. Now this was the prime of his technique. He had a knack of building up a cock and really working it towards climax and then just as suddenly leaving it expectant and unfulfilled. This filled me with frustration, but it was a tactic he had always used since we were boys at school.

I had often noticed he used the same technique with Gillian, leaving her hot and bothered and unfulfilled, and then just as suddenly taking her up again and working on her.

We kissed fervently, savouring each others' juices, tasting our own cock on each others' lips. I wanted to cum, but knew that with Glenn, there was yet a long wait to fulfilment. He made me work on his scrotum again, working his own cock to his grunts of satisfaction, leaving my cock rigid but untouched. I gave him a lengthy series of slobbering licks, beginning at his ankles and then working up his legs and thighs before my lips vigorously clamped on his cock.

From his level of rigidity and his frequent gasps of breath I knew I was working him to a climax. He was denying me, but the work I was doing on him was making it difficult for him to keep his climax away. He pulled off me once more and we again intertwined in a long series of hot kisses. He lay on top of me, crushing me into the mattress with the force of his weight and pressure. Truthfully, I was helpless in his grasp.

Roughly he pushed me on my back again and spread-eagled me. His cock hovered over my eyes and lips. I noted its rigidity and the glossy and moist leaks of creamy pre-cum that were seeping from his cock. He was rubbing it over my face and my lips, emphasising his dominance.

By the way he nestled his cock in between my lips I knew he was going to bring himself off in my mouth. With one hand he grasped my ball sac and with the other he grabbed my prick. I understood what he wanted.

He was going to cum in my mouth and simultaneously he would jack off my cock and suck off my cum. We settled into a steady motion. Now we were both gasping and moaning. I felt his cock arch and stiffen itself between my lips. His jack off motions on my cock became more and more urgent.

Suddenly, the world exploded. His cum burst into my mouth with a series of pumping motions that unleashed wave after wave of hot, creamy, sour cum into my mouth so that I seemed to be choking in its heated fullness. But I was cumming myself as spasm after spasm of juice spewed upwards from my own cock and his hot lips frantically slobbered to deal with it.

We lay on reach other for a few moments, totally spent, our mouths filled with each others' cum juices, trying to deal with and regurgitate and swallow the complexity of its creaminess.

We showered separately and got dressed again. We had a drink and made our next appointment for a get-together. The next time it would be in my house, involving wife Gillian in a threesome.

I knew beforehand that Gillian would be the centre of his focus and my role would be a peripheral one, watching him dominate her and helping him to fuck her.

PHOENIX46						13th May 2007



