Are You Game? Set and Match
byNemlep©

Carrie was sitting in the change rooms pondering her situation and trying to work out just how she managed to once again get herself into one of these situations that she didn't have much control over. She had thought that she would have been able to outsmart Tanya after she threw up the challenge but had been soundly beaten leaving Carrie to believe Tanya had set it up like that just so she could put forward a new challenge for Carrie to do, and what a challenge. 

Tanya had simply said "I want to play a game of tennis with you" which seemed harmless enough until she said that she would be choosing Carrie's outfit and also that nothing could be worn underneath, no bra and no panties. This had terrified Carrie as she knew just how small those tennis outfits could be and Tanya would surely choose the smallest one possible. Thankfully Tanya had allowed her to choose when it would take place, with it being at the local tennis club, so Carrie chose 10am on a Tuesday morning knowing that there was very little chance of anyone else being around knowing that Tanya would have chosen a Saturday afternoon when the main competition was on. Sighing she got to her feet and almost hesitantly removed her singlet top and bra then dropped her shorts and g-string before slipping the rather small skirt on and then the top that matched. 

Moving to where there was a mirror Carrie looked at herself and was more shocked now once she realised just how short the skirt was and knew it wouldn't take much to be showing off from under it. She decided to test her outfit a little and began bouncing on the balls of her feet all the time watching in the mirror and could see that the skirt lifted every time she bounced which was a worry, but more concerning was the way her breasts moved around under the top causing her nipples to rub against the fabric which felt almost silky smooth. 

This caused an immediate reaction and her nipples began to harden showing easily through the fabric almost like they were trying to break out, while she enjoyed the sensation of the fabric on her nipples she knew this meant the whole match would be played with her nipples pointing straight out at Tanya who would obviously be watching closely. As Carrie was checking herself out in the mirror she suddenly hears a voice behind her and she stops and turns to see Tanya leaning against the doorway "Oh don't stop on my behalf," she giggles "I have been enjoying the little show."

Carrie turns a little red as she realises Tanya must have been watching while she was checking to see how the outfit moved and must have gotten a pretty good show. "Oh ... err ... damn you Tanya," Carrie stammers "I was just trying to get used to wearing this before we played. Now let's go and get this over and done with," and she rushes past Tanya heading outside. As she passes outside she is momentarily blinded by the bright summer sun but her ears are assaulted by cheers, cat calls and whistling and she freezes on the spot waiting on her sight to adjust as she starts to look around. Her knees go weak as she notices there are people everywhere around the outside of the fence around the court and she hears Tanya coming up behind her giggling with glee "Tanya!" Carrie hollers "What is going on?"

"Oh you mean these people here? I didn't think it was fair for you to not have an audience to show off your ... prowess," and Tanya laughs even harder "I just phoned a few friends to let them know about today and I guess they must have let others know." Carrie turns to run back inside but Tanya grabs her arm and stops her "Oh no you don't, you agreed to this game and you can't chicken out now or I get to choose something else and I can guarantee that it won't involve clothes at all."

Carrie stops in her tracks and looks at Tanya as if pleading to not make her do it but she can tell by the look in Tanya's eyes that there is no way this is going to go anywhere but out on the court, with that her shoulders drop and her resistance falls away as Tanya starts to pull her out from the doorway and into the middle of the court. As they move out into the middle of the court Carrie can hear all sorts of calls from the crowd about her attire or lack thereof, but due to the constant movement of her breasts under her top her nipples are still growing harder even as she is feeling more embarrassed. "What say I start with service?" Tanya snickers as she lets go of Carrie and heads down to her end of the court.

Carrie just stands there breathing heavily and trying to control her urge to run as a ball lands near her feet "Come on Carrie," Tanya calls from the other end "Are we going to play or are you just gonna stand there as target practice for me?" Carrie turns and looks at Tanya wondering how quickly she could get this game over with and moves to the back edge of the court getting ready to start playing. 

Without thinking, since her brain is a bit muddled right now, she automatically drops into her normal stance for waiting on a serve and is suddenly brought back to her senses as a range of whistles and cheers break out behind her due to the fact her skirt has ridden up from her bending and she is showing off her butt to those behind her. "That's the spirit," Tanya calls from the other end and sends down her first serve which Carrie barely moves towards knowing how much she will show off chasing the ball. "Come on now Carrie, you have to at least make an effort, after all what will all your supporters here think if you just stand there?" Tanya giggles.

"Easy for you to say," Carrie calls back "You aren't showing everything off each time you move." Even as she speaks though Carrie moves across the court slowly to await the next serve and this time Tanya actually aims it at Carrie who manages to send it back over the net, eliciting more cheers, but Tanya slams it back to fast for her to get to again. 

"See they want you to play, they are cheering just because you hit it over the net," Tanya taunts.

"Or more likely because my butt perhaps puts on a show or my breasts started dancing around under this flimsy top you got me." Carrie calls back with a tinge of anger in her voice even though she must admit the constant rubbing of the top across her nipples was certainly enjoyable and was keeping her nipples constantly erect, which she was sure everyone could see. She did notice that there were also a fair number of females in the crowd that seemed to be paying very close attention to her every move. Before long the first game is over without Carrie scoring a point but she did return the ball a couple of times and now it was her turn to serve, which had her worried. She was normally a very active server and would leap high before slamming the ball across the net, scoring many aces this way, but today she knew leaping about like that would show everything front and back as her skirt would lift completely above her butt and pussy plus her breasts would certainly take on a life of their own. So without so much as even lifting a foot she simply lobs the ball over the net to Tanya who slams it back straight away which Carrie actually tries to reach for stepping wide in a vain attempt and feels a cool breeze between her legs that blows across her pussy lips, which she realises are actually a touch damp. This whole situation was actually turning her on quite a bit and she knew she would have to be careful to not show off to much or people would see how excited if they caught a glimpse of her moist glistening lips. Next serve she tried to put more effort into it, but without the leap and serious swing of her arm there was no way it would be any more than an easy lob over the net for Tanya to return. She could see Tanya was getting a bit annoyed with her lack of enthusiasm but she wasn't to caring right now how Tanya felt. Here she was in the middle of a tennis court with at least a hundred people doing nothing but staring at her waiting for her skirt to lift or breasts to move hoping to see something that they normally wouldn't at a game of tennis, although the more she thought about all the watchers the more it seemed to excite her and she was pretty sure her nipples were straining against her top not just from the fabric but also from her arousal.

Carrie was getting a little worried about just how excite she might get if this match went for too long but also knew Tanya would not let her out of this easily and would try to stretch the game for as long as possible. Needless to say Tanya won that game as well and shortly the score was four games to nothing and Tanya moved up to the net calling Carrie to come over to her "Carrie, I am not sure about you but this is the most one sided game of tennis I have played so before."

"Once again Tanya I have to say that it is easy for you to say. I am the one playing almost naked," Carrie answered getting a little irritated with her friend, especially since she noticed that Tanya's eyes were firmly fixed on her nipples "Hey Tanya, my face is up here." 

"Oh I know that Carrie," Tanya giggled "But the view at chest height is ever so delicious."

Carrie crosses her arms over her breasts so Tanya's view is suddenly hidden "Did you call me here to just perv on my tits or did you want something?"

"Well I do certainly want something but that may have to wait till later," Tanya says with a wanting look in her eyes "But I did want to tell you that you had better start playing this game a bit more seriously because if you just give it up and let me win you will be back here on Saturday afternoon with nothing on at all." Carrie was stunned and couldn't speak for a minute then managed to stammer "You ... you ... can't be serious? I couldn't do that!"

"Well then get back down the end of the court and start playing a bit more serious or that is exactly what will happen," Tanya demanded.

Still in a bit of shock Carrie answers "Okay, I will play and I will try but don't go expecting my absolute best," and with that Carrie spins on her heels to head back and hears a whistle come from Tanya. "Looking good sexy, thanks for the nice butt flash Carrie," Carrie looks back over her shoulder at Tanya looking a little flushed from embarrassment but also from a little excitement as well that she just couldn't stop from happening since walking out of the change rooms. While walking Carrie can feel her pussy lips rubbing together and all it does is increase her arousal and with her nipples still straining against her top the crowd at the end of the court she is heading to begin cheering at her again and she actually gets a little spring in her step knowing she has to go through with this and she may as well try and enjoy herself, although it was still going to be difficult unless she could really get herself into her tennis playing groove. Carrie turns to face Tanya again and takes a deep breath trying to focus on the game at hand while shutting out all the noise coming from the crowd which seems to be growing even bigger as the game progresses. With an amazing strength of will Carrie drops into her normal playing stance blocking out the cat calls from behind her at the sight of her butt coming in to view and readies herself for Tanya's serve.

As the ball flies toward her she finds that she is actually focusing on it and is able to return it with some force catching Tanya off guard and wins that point, she feels happy and jumps a little to cheer but is suddenly brought back to earth with louder cheers as she does due to her skirt once again lifting up. Carrie stops still for a moment and says to herself "Focus Carrie, you need to play well or this is just going to get much worse," and with that she moves across to await Tanya's next serve and once again tries to push the sounds around her to the back of her mind.

The next few points Carrie actually starts to give Tanya something to work for and even though she is obviously giving the crowd around her quite a show Carrie manages to keep her mind on the game, even though she does notice that her arousal doesn't seem to be subsiding, rather if anything, it is growing with each cheer and whistle that gets through her concentration. By the time the first set is over Carrie has made a decent showing of herself both physically to the crowd but also in the game itself with the final score being six games to two in Tanya's favour. She is sweating quite heavily now and not just from her exertion in the game as she feels so excited by all that is happening even though she has tried to shut it down, the more she tries the more it seems to keep building.

"Not bad Carrie," Tanya says as the pass to swap ends "You seemed to finally get into the game there towards the end, maybe this next set will be a little more competitive." 

"You haven't given me much choice now have you Tanya? I don't really have a choice, and no being naked on Saturday is not something I would even call a choice," Carrie tells her.

"Well take a five minute break and cool down, have a drink, show off some more ... whatever you feel like sexy," Tanya teases her.

"I bet you would love me to show off more you perv, don't tell me you aren't getting your thrills watching me in and out of this outfit as I move around," Carrie adds.

"Of course not," Tanya exclaims "Why do you think I decided on this? To check out your backhand? As if ... of course I want to perv, you are after all a very hot and sexy woman. Don't tell me you haven't noticed that it isn't just the guys in the crowd checking you out?" Carrie turns and heads to a courtside seat with her face turning red once again without admitting to Tanya that the thought of other women checking her out along with the guys was adding to her excitement. As she sits down to relax she thinks about what has gone on during the game so far but also at what she just saw when talking to Tanya, her nipples had been straining against her top even though she has a bra on underneath, which tells Carrie that Tanya is obviously getting rather excited herself while watching her.

This gives Carrie some ideas about what she could possibly do to distract Tanya from her game since she was thinking that unless she actually won the whole match Tanya would find a way to make it out that she had lost on purpose and have to do something else to make up for it. There was a little shade at the side where she was sitting and the water she was drinking was certainly helping to cool her down and her nipples actually started to relax a little along with her overall arousal. She looked around the court and noticed that there was not much noise at the moment as people seemed to be waiting for her to come back on to court before they were going to start cheering again. A wild idea came to Carrie as she was drinking her water and looked over to Tanya who was basically doing the same as her just trying to cool down and at that point she knew what she was going to do. As if going to have another drink Carrie tilted the bottle to her mouth, but at the last moment just tipped the rest of the bottle down the front of her top, sending shivers over her from the sudden coolness and bringing her nipples back to life. The water also ran on to her skirt causing it to cling to her like a second skin while she was still sitting down, she then stood and the crowd suddenly returned to life with a roar causing her to look down and realising way to late that the top was now almost transparent and her areola were also now clearly visible.

Tanya, on hearing the crowd, turns to look at Carrie and lets out her own cheer and whistle before yelling out "Looking hot there sexy," and as Carrie turns to look at her she can see, that even though her idea went further than she had planned, it was definitely having an effect on Tanya as she was staring at Carrie's chest, then her eyes suddenly moved down south. "Good thing you are a true blonde Carrie," Tanya laughs making Carrie look down and can see that the skirt is still clinging to her and would certainly have been showing her neatly trimmed patch of hair if she had dark hair, so she quickly grabs the skirt and peels it away from herself hoping it will dry pretty quick and not stay clinging for too long.

Carrie quickly moves to her new end and turns to face Tanya knowing she is rather focused on her breasts and how they are now almost completely on display through the almost transparent fabric of her wet top and when she is sure Tanya has nothing but her nipples in her thoughts sends her serve down this time actually leaping a little, very thankful for the water on her skirt as it tends to stop it from flying up. Tanya doesn't even move as the ball flies by her then suddenly snaps back from her thoughts of Carrie's nipples and what she wants to do to them "Hey I wasn't ready," she exclaims.

"Well if you would focus on the game and not on my breasts then maybe you would have seen it," laughs Carrie, happy now that she knows there is a way to take control of this match and possibly turn the tables on Tanya, of course as long as she could keep the noise of the crowd from overwhelming her. Without giving Tanya too much time to recover Carrie quickly moves across and sends her next serve down, this time Tanya sees it coming but still isn't quick enough since she is still focusing mostly on Carrie's nipples struggling against her top. Carrie starts to get into her groove and is clearly staying aroused with her breasts working overtime under her top, she seems to be slowly becoming detached from her situation, as she knows the crowd is getting rowdier as she starts to move and jump more with every shot and is giving them a show they would be lucky to find at a strip joint, but it no longer appears to be worrying her. 

On the other hand it is certainly causing her arousal to build past simple excitement and she begins to wonder what Tanya would think if she could get a close view of her moist and now swollen pussy, in fact she reckons if Tanya got close enough she would probably be able to smell her scent. Soon enough Carrie is actually leading three games to nothing and starts to think she may have Tanya on the ropes and starts to push even harder, knowing without a doubt that some of the views she must be giving the crowd must be bordering on obscene, but it would be worth it in the end if she could really take Tanya down. As the next game gets under way Tanya fires down a powerful serve and Carrie lunges sideways for it but loses her footing in the process and while still hoping to hit the ball she knows she is about to get up close and personal with the court surface. When she lands hard on the ground her breasts are squashed under her body weight and with her nipples being rock hard she winces as they are pushed back into her breasts, but even though it is painful she also feels a rush of pleasure from the suddenness of the impact. She lays still for a moment trying to catch her breath after all the air was forced from her lungs due to the impact and as she thinks about getting up sounds of cheering and whistling come to her ears.

Did she actually return the ball? Is the cheer just from the effort she put in? Just then she feels a breeze between her legs that sends a shiver over her body as it caresses her pussy lips, which at first she revels in the feeling then suddenly realises what she it is she is actually feeling and looks back over her shoulder. Carrie is shocked for a moment as she notices that from the way she landed her skirt has ridden completely up over her butt exposing it to everyone, but worse still was that her legs were apart giving everyone behind her a clear view at her wet and swollen pussy.


She leaps to her feet as Tanya calls out "Hey, if you are going to show off like that at least face my way," and she starts to laugh so hard she has to sit down for a moment. Carrie can't answer as she is awash with feelings of embarrassment which she had worked so hard to get past and she wraps her arms around herself and begins shaking just standing on the spot from the sudden unexpected and uncontrolled show she had just given, plus Tanya's laughter really wasn't helping. 

The noise around Carrie seems to slowly quieten down as many in the crowd start to realise that Carrie wasn't just being modest but appeared to truly be distressed about what had just happened and the noise continues to drop until Tanya's laughter can be clearly heard above everything else. To Carrie it seems like hours but in truth she has been standing there for just a minute as the crowd goes silent, all of a sudden a girl in the crowd calls out "Come on Carrie, don't let that laughing hyena get the better of you," someone else yells "Let's get behind her everyone," as a chant starts up "Carrie ... Carrie ... Carrie." Carrie starts to look around the crowd and can see that they are now cheering for her not just for what she has to show off and slowly she takes her arms from around herself and can feel her embarrassment slipping away as her frown begins to turn around to a smile. She glances towards Tanya and can see she has stopped laughing and is looking somewhat stunned at the fact the crowd is suddenly supporting Carrie instead of just leering and cheering and gets back to her feet "Okay then," she starts sounding a little annoyed that her crowd which was supposed to put Carrie off her game is turning against her "Let's get this game moving again, your ass is mine." 

Carrie manages a weak giggle answering "My ass is only yours if you win," suddenly realising she has just basically offered herself to Tanya if she wins. 

"Oh yeah, now that is the sort of challenge I am talking about," Tanya calls back with a huge smile on her face "And if I win not only will your ass be mine but it will be mine in private ... no crowd this time." The confidence that had been creeping back into Carrie seems to falter at Tanya's words knowing how serious she is "Well you still have to win perv," she calls back but without a great deal of strength of conviction to her words. 

"I think then it's time for me to get back into this game," Tanya almost laughs as she speaks and steps up to the line preparing to serve causing Carrie to grab her racquet and rush back to her spot. Tanya's first serve shoots straight by Carrie and she moves quickly over to serve again trying to give Carrie no time at all to get herself back in to her groove, her next serve is returned but Carrie gets herself so far out of position Tanya is able to easily send the ball back over the net well away from Carrie. In no time at all Tanya wins her service game and is bouncing around at her end of the court "That's how it's done girl," she taunts Carrie who is still having trouble getting herself back into the game properly even though the crowd is now supporting her and cheering her on which is worrying her because she needs to win this set to push the match to a third. Now Carrie prepares to serve, while she leaps a little she certainly doesn't leap like she had been earlier, and Tanya can see she is still being hesitant and pushes her advantage as hard as she can and before long Tanya has another game won bringing her back into the match at three games to two in Carrie's favour but next is Tanya's serve again. 

Even though she has lost another game Carrie can feel herself starting to relax more as the crowd continues to chant her name and call out their support to her, but what causes her to smile is the fact some guys, and maybe girls, are calling out things like "Come on hot stuff," and "Carrie you not only show her up in playing but also in your looks," of course she is sure there are more lewd comments mixed in as well but she doesn't hear any of them in particular. Tanya is holding nothing back but now with the crowd really getting behind her and supporting her Carrie soon starts to really get back in to the swing of her game and thoughts of what her outfit is doing begin to move once again to the back of her mind. The crowd starts to go really wild, due partly to the fact Carrie is stepping her game up again but of course also because she is really putting on a show with her nipples growing hard again as she relaxes and her skirt flying around showing off her butt with nearly every step and occasional glimpses of her neatly trimmed strip above her pussy. 

Even though Tanya wins this game as well Carrie is feeling so much better and really gives her a hard game, and by the time her serve comes back around she is once again aware of the fact that she is getting aroused and gets a spring in her step as she moves to prepare for her serve. Carrie lets loose with a crashing serve leaping high and giving the crowd what they had been waiting on, the sight of her butt flashing from under her skirt brings a loud roar once again from the assembled crowd and Tanya is momentarily distracted missing the serve. Carrie giggles at Tanya "How did it go? Oh yeah ... That's how it's done." 

"Yeah yeah," Tanya calls back "bring it sexy, I am not giving up on your ass that easy," Carrie does a little twirl causing her skirt to flare up giving Tanya and the crowd a quick view of her butt and pussy before slamming her next serve down before Tanya can even react. "Hey, you distracted me," she argues.

"Well you dressed me like this so you are just going to have to put up with it," Carrie laughs "I mean I would think you are wanting to get me in even less than this if I lose." 

"Of course I do but that is for later on in private," Tanya adds.

"But only if you win," Carrie replies before firing down another ace and once again giving the crowd a quick flash. Before long Carrie has that game won and the next couple of games go on serve, Carrie's arousal is once again building higher and any concern she has for showing off to the crowd is replaced by the exhilaration she is feeling from not only playing so well again but from the constant state of arousal her body is riding almost seeming to carry her along through the game. 

She is getting a little concerned that her excitement may push to far and send her over the edge but she can think of nothing to do besides stop the game which she knows she can't do. While she awaits Tanya's serve, knowing if she can win this game the second set is hers, she can feel perspiration running down her body both from the increasing heat of the day and the heat building within her body. Tanya slams down a powerful serve but with the pent up energy in her body Carrie is on it in an instant and returns it easily, surprising Tanya, who just can't get to it and Carrie squeals with delight and jumps up and down showing off her butt and landing strip unashamedly to her very vocal crowd. Tanya struggles against the seemingly limitless energy that Carrie is drawing from and soon the game is over in favour of Carrie, the fact she just won the set takes a moment to kick in and when it does she lets out a wild yell of exultation and starts running around the court almost like a victory lap and the more she runs the quieter the crowd gets as they stop and stare. Carrie's breasts are bouncing and swaying under her top with her fully erect nipples clearly pushing against the fabric like they are trying break out, the rubbing sensation does nothing to Carrie but increase her excitement, and she hollers out loud.

Her long athletic legs are running fast causing her skirt to fly high constantly giving all she runs towards a grand view of her landing strip, and if they look close enough can even see the edge of her moist and swollen pussy lips, as well as her butt to them as she passes by. As she passes Tanya it looks like she wants to say something but appears almost spellbound by the view Carrie is giving off and just shakes her head as she watches the vision of perfection keep running. Carrie gets back to her seat dropping down with a thud and tries to catch her breath but has difficulty since her heavy breathing isn't only from her exertion but also from the still building arousal deep within her and she wants to slip her hand between her legs to finish things off but resists the urge and reaches for her water bottle. The only thing holding her back is the knowledge that she still needs to beat Tanya in one more set and right now she knows that it won't be easy considering her body is doing its best to distract her and Tanya will be going all out to make sure she wins it so there will be a return match. 

Carrie realises she needs an edge but what more can she do, maybe the water on her top again, but even with that advantage last time she nearly lost and looking back over to Tanya she notices her looking at her as well with a smile on her face. With an almost knowing nod to her Carrie realises Tanya seems to know just what is happening to her and that can't be a good thing, then suddenly an idea slips into her mind "I need a toilet break," Carrie says.

"Don't be long spunky," Tanya calls after her. Carrie dashes into the change rooms and finds her clothes she had been wearing when she got here and slipping them into her bag she takes a moment to compose herself trying to draw strength from within for what she is about to go and do. When ready she casually wanders back to the court and sits back down taking another drink then takes a deep breath and turns to look at Tanya and smiles mischievously, all of a sudden she takes hold of the edge of her top and swiftly lifts it over her head exposing her breasts to everyone around but Tanya has one of the best views there. 

The crowd goes wild as Tanya's eyes lock on her breasts and erect nipples as Carrie has another surge of excitement rush through her body from the sudden attention and when she thinks Tanya has had enough pulls her singlet top from her bag and slips it on. Her singlet top doesn't really do much to hold her breasts in place as it was one piece of clothing she almost always wore with a bra, but she was fairly sure if she could control herself to play while wearing it then Tanya would certainly be totally distracted and this could hopefully be all over soon. "Don't think I haven't realised what you are up to," Tanya says as they head back out to start the last set "Wearing something like that is just going to cause you more trouble than me." 

"Oh I don't know," Carrie replies and bounces a little as she walks emphasising how much more her breasts move and show through the sides of her new top and Tanya does a double take noticing that one of Carrie's breasts almost slips fully in to view, stopped only by her nipple catching the fabric of her top and holding it in place. Carrie wanted to finish this match as quickly as possible as she was slowly becoming concerned if she didn't then there was every chance she could have an orgasm right here in the middle of the court in front of everyone, so she looks around the crowd smiling, drinking in their cheers, then looking straight at Tanya begins the last set with a powerful serve that causes her breasts to almost fall from her top. Time seems to mean nothing to Carrie now as she feels like her wild energy, coming from her constant arousal and imminent orgasm, is carrying her through the game and the cheers from those assembled around the fence help her along as well. The set moves along with both Tanya and Carrie holding serve, Tanya is digging deep and finding strength in the knowledge that if she wins she gets to have Carrie's ass, but will certainly be wanting more than that without a doubt and is finding herself getting somewhat aroused at the thought of just what could happen if she does win. 

Carrie is moving as if in a trance, barely taking in what is going on around her as her body reacts as if it is controlling her, the cheers grow wilder as every lunge threatens to fully expose her breasts and her skirt barely stays down leaving her butt on display almost constantly. Each point is hard fought and every game is won only after a long battle, between points their eyes meet across the net, each trying to see if they can find a weakness, something to give them an edge but as the set progresses further their looks become less clinical and more desiring as both players continue to grow in their arousal. With the day getting hotter and her body getting hotter, Carrie's top is saturated and clinging to her showing off her areola and nipples to all assembled in fine detail and she also notices that even Tanya's nipples are trying their hardest to show themselves even though she has a bra on under her top. Since nearly every eye is upon Carrie they don't notice that Tanya is occasionally between points quickly rubbing her hand between her legs, but Carrie has noticed and is happy that she is obviously having the desired effect on her and also very turned on by the fact that Tanya is getting all worked up and aroused because of her.

"Maybe I will let her have my ass even if I win," Carrie mumbles to herself as she begins to think about the possibilities of a private 'lesson' with Tanya. With a serve powered by her arousal Carrie wins her service game again putting the score at five games to four with Tanya now to serve, if Carrie can win this game it will be all over but of course neither of them have been giving anything away and if this keeps up the game could go on for ages. Tanya's serve is a rocket and Carrie barely gets her racquet to it but is unable to return it and watches as it sails wide and sighs wondering just how long this match could go if they keep this up, although she realises it will all be over soon if she can't keep her building orgasm under control. As she moves to get ready for the next serve an idea springs to mind, which as she looks around at the crowd that has grown so large since this all started and what had been a small tingle between her legs grows stronger as her idea takes hold. Carrie turns to face Tanya saying "Damn it's gotten so hot," and with that she grabs the edge of her singlet top and pulls it quickly over her head and throws it over to where her other things are.

The sound of the crowd suddenly ceases as she exposes her breasts for all to see, then the crowd explodes, cheering, hollering, whistling, they can't get enough of this tennis goddess and some in the crowd call for the skirt to go as well but she simply ignores them and stares intently at Tanya with a wanton smile noticing Tanya has actually dropped her racquet and is staring at her with her mouth open wide. Carrie bounces from side to side sending her breasts into a mesmerising dance and calls out to Tanya "Hey, you gonna serve that ball or are you conceding the match?" 

This snaps Tanya out of her trance "No way," she says without a lot of conviction "You have just given me more incentive," but Carrie doesn't think she is sounding all that confident. Tanya's next serve is wide and Carrie giggles causing her nipples to shake.

"Come on the square is pretty big to land the ball in," she laughs at Tanya who gives her an angry look before sending her next serve wide as well "Oh no ... is that a double fault?" 

Carrie chuckles and Tanya scowls at her "You better be ready this time Carrie, no holding back now." Her next serve is a thunderbolt but Carrie gets behind it and powers it back over the net and the crowd goes wild, neither of them wants to give in and a long volley ensues actually bringing the crowd to silence as they watch these two battle it out with Carrie's breasts mesmerising many of them as they dance around with every step and lunge. Of course with so much effort being put in Carrie's skirt is flying high and her butt stays exposed to all and to top it all off she can feel a breeze caressing her pussy lips every time she steps wide and can feel her arousal growing almost to breaking point. Carrie finally manages to slam in a return that Tanya can't reach and now she is leading in Tanya's service game, a roaring cheer goes up that is almost deafening and Carrie stops where she is for a moment trying to breath deep and hold back her orgasm that is now ridding on the very edge of a precipice threatening to flood her over with wild erotic sensations, but which would also mean she couldn't continue to play. 

"Are you okay?" Tanya calls to her over the net and she looks up unable to speak and just nods back, her eyes seem to be glowing with an inner fire and her breath is still coming rough and ragged "Oh my ... are you?" Tanya exclaims with a smile on her face "I think you are, you are truly amazing and incredible and I can't wait to win now."

Carrie can barely speak "You ... haven't ... won yet," she stammers and with a wild force of will stands up straight holding out her breasts for all to see and manages to pull herself back from the brink but knows she can't hold back for very much longer at all. As she turns to move back to the end of the court she notices that some guys, even girls, have their hands on their penises or between their legs playing with themselves and realises that she and Tanya aren't the only ones that are highly turned on by the whole spectacle. Carrie moves with an exaggerated swagger now with the way she is feeling and knowing what she is doing to those around her at the same time, and spinning lightly on her toes give another show of under her skirt before crouching and readying herself for Tanya's next serve. She is breathing heavy as she waits and can see the same of Tanya who is taking longer than normal to serve as she also seems to be trying to compose herself, then quickly the serve is sent her way giving her just moments to get her racquet in front of it and send it sailing back over the net to Tanya. Once again they get into an extended volley and Carrie is constantly assaulted with sensations as she perspires and then is chilled by the breeze blowing over her, especially when beads of perspiration run over her nipples sending shivers throughout her entire body as the breeze blows over them followed by a sudden breeze between her legs cooling her pussy lips but not her growing lust for her opponent on the other side of the net. 

Carrie stumbles to her knees after returning another shot to Tanya and groans thinking she can't get back up to stop any return but then hears another roar from the crowd and looking up sees Tanya also down on her knees and the ball behind her against the fence "I got it in?" she breathes quietly to herself. The cheering of the crowd washes over her as she once again struggles to hold back her orgasm, but fight she does as the score is now 15-40 meaning it is now match point and if she can win this one last point it will be over and victory shall be hers. Both Tanya and Carrie stay on their knees for some time struggling to get control of their emotions, both keep looking at each other and now Carrie is seriously looking closely at Tanya's nipples yearning to be free of their encasement and realises that she now wants to nothing more than for this match to end and take Tanya home to explore her body with her hands the way Tanya has been exploring her own body with her eyes. 

Using the thought of winning and taking Tanya home she manages to once again keep her orgasm just back from the edge of explosion and struggles to her feet and prepares herself "Come on Tanya you know you want these," Carrie says swaying her breasts towards her "So show me how much if you think you can beat me," and she hears shocked gasps from the crowd as they realise she really did just offer herself to Tanya. 

"Oh yes sexy," Tanya's voice is dripping with desire "I want ... and I will have," she yells firing a powerful serve at Carrie which carries to high and strikes Carrie on her left breast. Carrie screams out in pain and drops her racquet, as the crowd groans in sympathy, and she drops to her knees holding her breast "I ... I am sorry," Tanya calls as she runs to the net realising she had really hurt her best friend. Even though Carrie was hurt by the sudden impact, she also seemed to feel an exhilaration run through her body at the same time that she could not explain, in fact it ran right down to her pussy which was threatening to give in now.

Looking up at Tanya she begins to rub her sore breast, rolling her nipple between her fingers "mmm ... that feels so good," she breathes out softly "Want to help make it feel better?" she asks of Tanya who immediately begins to step over the net with a wide smile on her face and a gleam in her eye. "Oh no," Carrie quickly says "Not now there is still a game to be won," and as the stimulation on her nipple brings her orgasm closer than ever she unconsciously slides her other hand between her legs and presses against clit and pussy lips almost as if to push her orgasm back. 

Tanya stops with one leg over the net staring at Carrie's hand between her legs and without even thinking rubs her pussy gently along the rib of the net sending her mind spinning. The crowd is straining against the fence, which can be heard to creak and bend with the weight of so many as they try to get a glimpse of just what is happening under Carrie's skirt. Almost as quickly as it began she removes her hand, because of the way she had been kneeling no one beside Tanya had really had a chance to see the amazing display Carrie had just given, and with that she grabs her racquet and stands back up, her face flushed, her breathing heavy, her breasts heaving with each breath and her nipples standing out more erect than most would think possible. "One more point," she whispers to herself, and as her legs begin to shake she knows she is just moments from one of the wildest orgasms she has ever had and calls out "Get off the net Tanya and serve that damn ball," which snaps Tanya from her ecstasy she had been giving herself rubbing her clit and pussy along the net and she stumbles back to the end of the court grabbing the ball and turns to face Carrie.

Tanya's face is giving away the fact that she too appears to be close to an orgasm which excites Carrie even more if that were possible, and with that Tanya manages to dig deep and find some inner strength to fire down an impressive serve but Carrie has so much pent up energy from holding back her orgasm for so long easily steps to meet the oncoming ball and smashes it back over the net to the opposite side of the court to where Tanya is still standing and has no hope of reaching. Before the ball even lands Carrie is running at the net and Tanya watches the ball as it lands well inside the line meaning Carrie has won, the crowd breaks out in wild exultation and Tanya turns just in time to see Carrie leap easily over the net as she runs on a direct course for her. Tanya barely has time to realise what is happening before Carrie slams into her and wraps her arms around her pulling her into a tight embrace, their breasts press together and each can feel the nipples of their opponent hard and erect. 

Carrie lifts Tanya from the ground easily with her strength enhanced by the sudden release of her pent up frustration and spins her around "Tanya ..." she breathes hoarsely in Tanya's ear "I am so hot for you ri... ooohhh ..." her voice trails off as her orgasm grabs hold of her and her body begins to shudder as she holds Tanya tight, their bodies pressed firmly together so Carrie's shudders are felt by Tanya.

"Oh Carrie," she exclaims "Are you having what I think you are having?"

"mmm hmmm ..." is all Carrie can manage as she nibbles on Tanya's neck causing her to squeal in delight. Tanya had fantasised many times in the past about getting Carrie into bed and here she was wrapped in her arms with her almost totally naked body pressed against her in the middle of a tennis court with possibly hundreds of people watching as Carrie orgasms. It is more then she can take, and while nowhere near as powerful as Carrie's, Tanya has an orgasm of her very own. As both of them come down from there erotic highs they realise exactly what has just happened and they first look at each other with beaming smiles before looking around at the crowd, which had gone deathly silent as they all took in this incredible sight of these two gorgeous women enjoying each other in front of them all. Then the trance breaks and they all go wild, many in the crowd seem lost in their own little world, still with many hands at groins, some couples savouring the moment in their own embraces as Carrie and Tanya slowly release their embrace but their hands stay together. They turn to face one side and giggling they take a bow before turning slowly to bow to each section of the assembled, and now excited, masses before Carrie spins Tanya back around to face her.

"That was the wildest thing ever Tanya," she says still rather breathless and leans forward planting a gentle kiss on her lips which sends a shiver down Tanya's spine. 

"You are the wildest thing ever Carrie," Tanya says looking deep into her eyes "You have truly amazed me today ... in many ways." Even though they are surrounded by people they completely block out everything but each other as they stand there face to face holding hands, Carrie still naked but for her little skirt says "Well, the match is over and so is my orgasm ..." she hesitates for a moment as if collecting her thoughts on what she wants to say "but I want more now and ... I can't believe I am saying this ..." her voice falters.

Tanya reaches up and strokes her cheek tenderly "Say whatever it is you want Carrie." 

Carrie nods then takes in a deep breath, which emphasises her breasts to Tanya who smiles, "I want to have more with you," her voice soft but full of wanting. 

Tanya squeals with delight and pulls her tightly against herself and squeezing her tight she says with her voice dripping with absolute desire and lust "You don't know how long I have wanted to hear you say that," then she giggles and trying to sound manly "Your place or mine sexy?" and they both burst into laughter.

Carrie grabs Tanya's face in her hands and kisses her more deeply this time, holding the kiss for some time which gets Tanya heating up once again, then Carrie pulls back from the kiss "Mine's closer," she says without a hint of humour "And I want to get you home before I change my mind ... let's go," and with that she turns to head towards her stuff beside the court pulling Tanya along with her. She gathers up her few bits and pieces stuffing them into her bag and pulls out her keys before turning back to Tanya "So are you ready to go?" she asks.

"Umm ... are you planning to drive home in just your skirt?" Tanya asks.

"Why not? It's not as if I haven't been seen by enough people today ... and besides I want you to be able to see just where your lips will be in a few minutes once we get in the door at my place," Carrie croons. 

"Well I can tell you something hot stuff," Tanya says as they head for the car, followed by a fair number of the crowd "My lips are going to be there long before we get in the door," and to emphasise the point gently pinches her nipple with her fingers causing Carrie to jump from the unexpected burst of sensation. 

"I think you had best hold off," Carrie stammers "Or I might not be able to drive properly ... but it does feel so good," and as they get to the car Carrie pushes Tanya against it to give her another full deep kiss, running her hands up her sides before pinching her nipples through her bra and top.

"Ooohhh ..." Tanya moans "I don't want you to stop that, but I would prefer to be somewhere more comfortable and private." "Okay," Carrie says quickly before releasing Tanya and jumping into the driver's seat letting out a yelp as her butt lands on the hot seat "Maybe I should have put something on this seat is damn hot," Carrie scowls.

"Not as hot as you," Tanya tells her as she reaches over to caress her thigh, slipping her hand between her legs searching for her pussy but Carrie bats her hand away.

"There is no way I could drive if you do that, now let's get moving," and with that Carrie starts her car and pulls out of the car park waving to those that had followed them from the court giving them another nice view of her breasts before she pulls out of sight. It takes but a few minutes to get back to Carrie's place and she has to fight Tanya off the whole way not wanting to have an accident but the constant teasing has gotten her heating up again and all she can think about is getting inside and helping Tanya out of her clothes. As they hop out of the car and head for the front door, Jack the next door neighbour is standing in his front yard and sees Carrie in just her skirt "Um Carrie, you okay? You lose something?" he queries not able to take his eyes of her breasts and protruding nipples.

Carrie jumps a little in surprise as she is so focused on Tanya "Oh this?" she gestures at her lack of clothing "No I haven't lost anything," and she brazenly tweaks Tanya's nipples right there in front of him "Well not yet anyways, but I think Tanya is going to change that." 

Tanya squeals at the attention on her nipples and also takes in the words Carrie just said knowing she means she will soon be losing her girl-on-girl virginity, and wrapping her arms around her pulls her inside the house leaving Jack to stand there, eyes wide open and trying to pick his jaw up off the ground as he hears the squeals of delight that they are already beginning to bring out of each other ... it would be a noisy, yet very interesting afternoon for Jack.

