Swimming Classes
by sliverbolt

Synopsis
- Lisa and Felicia thought that by forgetting to bring swimsuits, they can skip swimming lessons but.....

Chapter 1

It was a hot Wednesday afternoon, Lisa and Felicia would usually hang around at the shopping mail by now or at home. Today was different. The two girls were required to take swimming classes after school. They were now at the swimming complex on their own.

They have missed the entire school swimming course last semester for no reasons. This time they must attend. Lisa has other ideas though. Last night, she told Felicia of her plan. If they say they forgot to bring their swimsuits, they obviously can't swim, they can sign their attendance and leave.

A pretty young early 20s woman in a bright red one piece swimwear walked toward the two schoolgirls and stopped, She asked if they were the swimming students from Owen Secondary. They said yes. She introduced herself as Joan, their relief swimming instructor.

"Your instructor took urgent leave this morning. I'm your relief instructor for today lessons.

For your information,

Your school has no classes with us for the next few months apart from this group. So that will be just the two of you to take lessons here for eight weeks unless your school decided to send more students to join your group.

Ok, please change and go to pool 2 to look for me."

Lisa said," Miss, we have forgotten to bring our swimsuits."

"Two of you?" Joan asked.

They nodded.

"Well, I guess we can't have any lessons today."

Lisa quietly rejoiced inside, her excuse worked.

You can leave now, I will call your school later to tell them you two have forgotten your swimsuits and the lessons canceled."

The girls haven't thought of the simple fact that their school will be informed if they didn't attend the lessons in any ways. They tried to persuade their instructor against calling the school. The school took learning swimming very seriously. The two girls already got heavy warnings for skipping the entire swimming lessons last semester for no reasons. The school just made swimming lessons compulsory this year. All lower and upper secondary students like Lisa and Felicia have to attend the swimming lessons.

Joan had earlier been informed by their school teacher that these two girls would find any excuses to skip swimming lessons. Joan was told to inform the school if they missed any lessons, tried to go off early or show any disobedience to her.

"Can't we borrow a swimsuit and have our lessons now." Felicia asked.

Lisa wondered why they never bought their swimsuits along as a precaution.

Felicia remembered that the disciplinary master had ordered them to complete all 8 sessions or else they could face many detentions after school. Detentions after school were horrible. A few hours standing outside the principal office was pure torture. They were told, their parents would be informed and have to go to school to see the disciplinary master. He would try to find out and understand why their precious daughters were so unwilling to attend swimming classes. All this trouble was definitely not worth it for such a small matter like this.

The two girls pleaded again with their instructor not to call the school.

Joan relented and asked them to follow her, to pool 3 on the far left.


Chapter 2

"OK, we start right now.

You can take off your clothes, your belongings, please put against the wall over here."

"Where are our swimsuits?

You are not going to tell us to swim in our underwear, are we?" Lisa asked?

Joan replied coolly.

"The swimming complex doesn't provide users with swimming attires.

And nobody can swim here in their underwear, males, females or little kids. It's prohibited by the complex rules

But you can swim naked. The complex allowed nude swimming at specific hours under certain conditions.

We are quite flexible on this issue.

I made an exception, you girls can have the lessons naked.

There wouldn't be any problems taking naked swimming lessons here under a recognized instructor's supervisions like me.

"No way, I am not going to swim naked" Lisa insisted.

"There are peoples around, I won't do that."

Joan calmed the girls down.

"Of course, I can't make you do anything against your will. I'm just your swim instructor, not your school teacher. But if you don't take lessons today, I will call your teacher and tell him why today lessons were canceled. I have to call to explain why lessons were canceled or postponed. It's part of my work.

"Whatever you want, we are leaving.

By the way, I will tell my teacher that you gave a ridiculous suggestion that we swam naked."

Lisa looked at Felicia.

"Let's go."

But Felicia said wait.


Chapter 3

Felicia whispered to Lisa who listened reluctantly.

Her best friend doesn't think it's any big deal to swim naked. The forget to bring swimsuits excuse was weak and their disciplinary master was sure to punish them. She feared the possible detentions and parents being informed more. It's really such a small matter. The 1 hr lessons would be over before you realize it.

She begged Lisa to stay with her and take the lessons today.

Lisa was in a dilemma now.

Lisa asked, "Does the complex sell swimsuits or I can go to the mail to buy and be back ASAP.

"No, we don't have shops here that sell swimming wears. The mail was too far away. I don't have time for you. Your lesson was supposed to start at 3pm and end at 4pm sharp. It's now 3.08 pm. I'm leaving here immediately after this too.

You either take your lessons next week or take now, naked. We are running short of time. We start now and end at 4pm sharp.

Felicia held onto Lisa arm, urging her not to go and leave her alone.

Lisa reluctantly agreed.

The two girls slowly walked to the pool wall, put down their bags on the floor and started to take off their all white school uniforms.

Joan tried hard not to laugh. She turned away from them. She wasn't really serious when she asked the girls to swim naked. Maybe she can have some fun after all. It won't be so boring.

"Don't worry, there aren't many users now and nobody will notice us at this far corner. I will chase away anybody who came to this pool to swim or look.

As I mentioned earlier, the complex always adopted a flexible stance on full nudity in the pools unlike others.

Joan turned back to face her students who were nude now and tidying their stuffs. Both of them are pretty and sweet-looking. She noticed that they have started to develop curves in the right places.

The two girls stood beside her with hands covering breasts and legs tightly closed. They blushed and were obviously embarrassed, standing naked in front of their instructor.

"It's alright, don't be shy.

We make our first lesson quick.

No, we are not getting into the water now"

Joan pointed straight down to the far corner.

"We've go over there.

Further away from sight and nobody can see or disturb us."

Before she can finish speaking, her two nude students ran past her to that corner.

She can hear their giggles.

Joan smiled.
