The Chair
by Stevew
Copyright© 2020 by Stevew


An introduction:

Amy was a mid-school year transfer student at St. Joseph’s Christian School. St. Joseph’s was a Co-Ed school for junior high and high school students. It had a strict dress code. Boys were to wear slacks with a button up shirt and a tie. Girls were to wear a skirt that was no less than four inches above the knees and no more than six inches below their crotches. The only reason the outfits might be altered from that was if the student was being punished. Then, depending on what the infraction was or how severe it was, the clothing might be altered by the administration for a day or so. If the infraction was deemed severe enough the students could even be totally stripped. The most severe punishment of a student was to be placed in “The Chair”. “The Chair” punishment was always done in the nude, and always involved more than just sitting in it. No one outside of the school knew about this strictest of punishments, except those who attended it and they said nothing about it.

Amy had always heard of the strictness of St. Joseph’s school, but never believed it. She did however know that the students of the school were considered most disciplined in the country and never talked back to those in authority. It wasn’t this reason that many parents wanted their children to attend it. Because of how disciplined the students were no one realized, or maybe just overlooked, the fact that the school wasn’t founded on traditional Christian values.

Some of the values aligned perfectly with Christianity such as love thy neighbor, treat others with respect regardless of their religion, and helping others who are in need. That was where the similarities ended, for the most part. You see the leaders of the religion, though speaking of Christian believes, also believed that girls and women were put on the earth to service them and anyone they chose, including the few leading women of the religion. Yes the rules did include a limited interaction between boys and girls, ie no kissing in the halls nor any other kind of PDA.

A few of the boys, most of them seniors, had figured out that the easiest way to get a girl into “The Chair” was to attempt to get them to kiss in the hallways. Then they would be able to view their naked bodies throughout the day. This is why, more often than not, it was girls more often than boys who got “The Chair” as a punishment. Of course it could also be that, with exception of the of office staff, most of the facility were men including the janitorial staff.


The main story:

Amy had a good first week. She only got into trouble twice. The first was for her skirt being too long and the other was for talking back to a teacher, and the staff always gave a little leeway to new students during their first week at the school. She received six swats for each and was warned that next week would get a full punishments for any infraction. She also had to clean the chalkboards in several classrooms in addition to the swats.

The next week she got into trouble for chewing gum in class, on Monday morning and had to spend most of the day with her shirt unbuttoned down to her navel. This exposed the front of her bra of course, but since her breast were not quite an A-cup yet and it was only a training bra, it was only an embarrassment factor for her. She wasn’t used to wearing a bra yet and didn’t like showing it off. Tuesday she got into trouble again this time it was because she was late for her first class of the day. This time it wasn’t totally her fault, you see her monthly had started the previous Friday and on the ride to school her pad had shifted and she had to go to the bathroom and adjust it to catch her flow. She had gotten into trouble the previous day however and because of that the teacher told her to go to the back of the classroom, remove her bra, and only button the last two buttons on her shirt. He then had her sit in a front row seat. She had to walk around the school with her bare cleavage showing all day, though her nipples and areolas were covered it was still embarrassing. The rest of the week went well for her and her period even stopped Wednesday evening which was a day earlier than normal for her. She and a number of the other girls had become friends throughout her first two weeks and often eat lunch together.

The third week she got what, at the time, was most embarrassing punishment of all. It was between the second and third class of the Wednesday morning. One of the friends she had met her had shared a candy bar as they walked to their next class. She threw the wrapper at the trash can and missed. Before she could pick it up and dispose of it properly, a teacher walked up. Though he could tell that she was about to pick it up and throw it away, she was the new girl and needed to learn discipline. Or at least he thought so. He told her remove to shirt and for the rest of the day. Amy protested saying that she hadn’t meant to miss the trash can and was about to pick up the wrapper and throw it away. For her protest he made her remove her bra as well and gave her six swats on her butt for talking back to him. So she spent much of Wednesday topples. Her friend had to go around shirtless as well, she had after all shared the candy and they weren’t supposed to eat anything between classes.

On Friday, before the school day even started, a boy snuck up behind her and pinched her on the butt. In response she turned and hit him between the eyes, just as a teacher walked up. He hadn’t seen the boy pinch her, but had seen her hit the boy. He escorted her and the boy to the principal’s office.

In the principal’s office she explained that the boy had pinched her on the butt and she had just reacted to it. The boy was made to step out of the room while the principal and the teacher examined Amy’s butt. There was definitely a red spot where he had pinched her, but fighting for any reason was against the rules. Therefore she was made to go through school in only her panties and shoes. The boy on my other hand was given a punishment in “The Chair”. He was the first boy to be punished that way since first of the year.

(Let me describe “The Chair” it looks like any gynecologist chair, with the exception that whoever is placed in it is strapped down to where they can barely move. Then whoever wants to can come by and look at them. Anyone on the facility and occasionally a member upper class, though it’s rare, can physically touch or even have sex with the occupant if they wish. No surprise right. It’s a punishment after all.”)

The day went fairly well after that, even though she had to spend it in just her panties no one bothered her throughout the rest of the day. It was towards the end of the day that June, the friend that had shared the candy with her, told Amy about “The Chair”. The two girls went to the front of the school to see it. There strapped into it was the boy from this morning, looking miserable. Amy felt sorry for the boy and would have said something to that effect, but the boy saw her and said, “This is all your fault. I’ll get you for this.” A few of the women who worked at the school had played with his cock and a couple of them had even fucked themselves on his hardened dick, which he had enjoyed. Unfortunately for him a couple of men, who were so inclined, had fucked his ass as well. Hard and without any lube. That he hadn’t enjoyed and vowed he’d get even with Amy for telling on him. It never occurred to him that if he hadn’t done what he had done this wouldn’t have happened. In his mind it was all Amy’s fault.

On Monday of the following week he cornered her near the front doors of the school. Throughout the past weekend he had thought of little else than getting revenge on Amy. His foster parents had been told of what he had done to her and punished him severely with a belt. His buttocks was still sore where he had been spanked by them. They like most parents thought that St. Joseph’s was like any other Christian school. He whispered into her ear, “Are you ready for “The Chair”.” With that he kissed her deeply knowing that the principal himself would see them.

The principal did see them. But one thing the boy hadn’t counted on was he himself had gotten into trouble too many times already. The principal therefore expelled him. Because he had been expelled from school his foster parents lost custody of him and he was immediately sent to a different foster home miles away and would never see Amy again.

Amy wasn’t out of the woods herself. She was the newest student, therefore hadn’t gotten into trouble enough to be expelled. However she did have to endure “The Chair” for the day. When they took her to the office and begun stripping her, she fought them. She continually pleaded, “But I didn’t do anything. He made me kiss him. He forced his mouth onto mine.” They didn’t listen to her. She had after all gotten into trouble several times during her short time at the school. Once she was naked, they half lead half dragged her to “The Chair”. She was strapped into it. She found herself unable to move. The only except was her hips, which she could only move a few inches up or down. She would be unable to avoid anything that was done to her.

The principal decided to be the first. He knew that “The Chair” would be moved to a more accessible location for all of the facility. So before it could be moved he said he told his staff, “Let me examine her first.” Though the staff knew what was likely to happen, he made a show of checking the straps to ensure that they were secure as the staff left the room. Once they were gone, he started his real examination.

He started by rubbing her hips lightly. One of the first things he noticed, once he took a closer look, was that she had a handful of tiny hairs on her vulva. He had always preferred his girls to be bald down there, so using a safety razor he shaved it all away making her pubic area as smooth as a newborn baby. Next he used a finger to examine her entrance. He found her entrance to be somewhat, though not totally, dry. He thought to himself, ‘This won’t do.’ So he began stroking her underdeveloped tits. He felt it when her nipples began to stiffen and moved a finger to examine her opening again. It was definitely wetter, but still not as wet as he wanted her to be. He leaned forward and began to suckle at her nipples. He had sucked on both of them, when he felt her hips begin to wiggle just a little. Once again he put a finger inside of her. She was definitely wetter, but wondered how much wetter he could get her. Instead she rising up to manipulate her tits again, he simply leaned forward and began his lick her snatch. This did it. She not only started moaning in pleasure, but her hips actively began seeking the pleasure the tongue provided and her juices flowed fervently. Now her body was ready for what came next.

He continued to lick her until she had her first, all be it small, orgasm. He then stood up and without hesitation began feeding his cock into her virgin hole. He immediately felt the her tightness as he slowly sank his cock into her depths.

Amy wasn’t sure what was happening at first. Her mind was screaming, ‘NOO,” but her body was screaming, ‘YES.’ Her mouth on the other hand was yelling, “OHGOD ... OHGOD ... OH MY GOD.” When her first orgasm peaked it became, “OH, OH, AH, AH, OOO.” Then she felt something else it was, to her virgin mind, massive, but in reality only of a normal size. It kept pushing and stretching her, until now, unused vaginal muscles. Except for a slight twinge when her maiden head tore, it didn’t hurt. But how could something so big go into her. (She would later learn that it wasn’t that big, as others had much bigger and longer ones.) Despite the initial twinge and the fact that this was her first time, she had two orgasms on his rod.

“The Chair” was then rolled to an area where it would be more accessible by all of the staff and where other students would be able to see her. He was considerate enough to clean her virgin blood from the area, so that no one would notice, most virgins didn’t get that consideration at this school. During the first break between classes many of the friends she had made came up and talked to her. All expressed their concern for her and all but one confessed to having had to be in “The Chair” at least once during their time at the school.

All of the teachers had at least one class period in which they were free of students. During that time, seemingly all of them came to her and fucked at least once. Some managed to fuck her twice during their class breaks, a couple of teachers had multiple class breaks and fucked during each. It wasn’t until the last class of the day, however that things really went down hill for her. You see, like nearly all schools, St. Joseph’s taught SexEd during the seventh grade year. It was a dumbed down version in which the kids were taught the basics, like avoiding STD’s and the changes that would occur in their bodies. However, at St. Joseph’s, they also had an advanced class for senior boys in which, if available, a girl in “The Chair” was to be the subjected to the education of the senior boys. In other words, Amy had just been chosen as the senior class’s subject for the advancement of boy’s education. Yep, she would get to be, in some cases anyway, the boy’s first sexual experience.

She was wheeled into the classroom for senior boys SexEd. The teacher first lectured the boys on oral stimulation of her nipples, then gave them a visual demonstration. He then had each of the boys come up one at a time and demonstrate what they had learned. By the time they were done Amy’s was tingling all over and her pussy moistening and ready to be fucked. Up until now, though she had had multiple orgasms while being fucked by the staff, no one had given her any oral stimulation.

The next lesson for the boys was cunnilingus. The teacher first verbally described it, then showed the boys how to do it. Amy cringed as the man bent his face to begin licking her. She didn’t want to admit that she liked what was being done to her and she had a feeling that what the teacher and the boys were about to do to her would reveal it.

It did. The teacher’s tongue started by licking the lips around her pussy. But when it finally parted her slit, she gasped. It wasn’t until the tongue brushed against her partly hidden clitoris that her hips began to buck. She couldn’t help it. It felt so good. Somehow she managed her keep from screaming out her pleasure, but it wasn’t easy. When the boys started their turns she wasn’t so lucky. The first boy brought back to the point of orgasm within a few licks. She was just beginning to hit the point that she wouldn’t be able to hold it back, when he stopped. Her arousal dimmed a little before the second boy started. She was quickly brought to the point of orgasm again, but he stopped leaving her wanting yet again.

By the time it was the final boy’s turn, she was at the point that she didn’t just want relief she needed it. In fact she needed more than just an orgasm. She needed to be fucked, by any one ... everyone as many men as possible. The boy didn’t stop at bringing her to the brink of orgasm, but took her over the top. She screamed out, “Ahh, ooo, ahh, OHGOD, FUCK ME! OHGOD FUCK ME HARD!” Smiling the boy obliged her fucking her with hard rapid strokes. As soon as he was done another boy took his place. All of the boys and the teacher took turns fucking her. By the time they were all done, she could barely walk. Though she enjoyed it, she hurt in places she didn’t know she had.

She was returned to the principal’s office where she was removed from “The Chair”. The principal helped her over to his desk. He lay her on the desk and asked, “I hope you learned your lesson?” As he said it, he was raising her legs to his shoulders. Without another word he shoved his cock into her pussy and began to fuck her again. He had more gentle than the boys had been. She enjoyed the slow fuck he gave her.

When he was done she got dressed and went out to catch the bus home. By the time she got home she could almost walk easily. She didn’t get into trouble again for several months, though she couldn’t help but remember how much fun she had had being punished. Part of her wanted to do it again, but she also wanted have some kind of control over the sex next time. She dated a couple of boys a few times during time but didn’t have sex with either of them, though if they had pressured her a little more she would have.

Two weeks before the end of the school year, she learned that her father had been transferred to another position in another state. They would be leaving as soon as school let out for the year. For the first week, after she learned this, she debated with herself. In the last week however, she decided to just go for it. She deliberately got herself into trouble so that she could sit in “The Chair” again. On the last day of school she was once again strapped into “The Chair”. Just like the last time, the principal was the first man to fuck her. Being the last day of school till the end of the summer break, every male teacher took turns fucking her. A couple of the female staff put on strap-ons and fucked her as well. This was a first for her. The last time the women just had oral sex with her.

When it came time for the last class of the day, she was once again taken to the senior Sex-Ed classroom. This time the boys were allowed to simply do with her as they wanted. The boys were graded on how well they did with her, and how many orgasms they brought her to. It was the most fun she and the class had ever had.

There was still nearly fourty minutes left in the school day when she was taken back to the principal’s office. The principal and the vice principal were both there. She was unstrapped from “The Chair” and the vice principal lay on his back on the floor, his obviously erect dick sticking up. The principal told, “Now, I want you to straddle John and ride his cock.” She did and fucked herself to a screaming orgasm. He however had not yet cum, so she continued to ride his cock. Without warning, the principal pressed her down till she nipples were rubbing back and forth on the vice principal’s chest. She moaned with the pleasure of the added stimulation. She was on the verge of cumming again when she felt something rubbing at her asshole. She tried to get away from the sensation, but the vice principal wrapped his arms around her, holding her in place. She tried to turn her head to see what was going on behind her, but couldn’t. Then she felt it. Something large was pressing against her asshole. With sudden realization she knew what it was, she screamed, “NOOO!!!! NOT THERE, OHGOD NOOO!!!!” The cock was pressing hard against butthole, trying to gain entrance. As it finally over came her residence and sank into her, she screamed, “OW,,, OW,,, OHGOD NOOO!” The principal paused as he gained full entrance, allowing the girls body to relax a little after his forceful entry. She kept saying over and over, “NO! STOP! IT HURTS! TAKE IT OUT!PLEASE!” The principal began to stroke his cock in and out. Though it never really became comfortable having a cock up her butt. However every stroke the principal made into her ass, caused her clitoris to rub against the one in her pussy. The principal’s fucking of her ass did get better and better as he did it. In fact if the principal had lasted a little longer, she might have even cum again. As it was however the ass fucking just remained a punishment. She vowed to herself that she’d never do this again.

She got dressed and the school year ended. She and her parents moved the next day. She never told anyone about what happened to her. Years later, when she was in college, she later, despite her vow not to, tried double penetration again. This time she loved it. In fact she loved it so much that she even tried a foursome and loved it even more.

She got married soon after college. She and her husband continued multi-partner sex, though only her husband was allowed to fuck her pussy she didn’t want to have any questions about who’s child she was carrying. She now has two children, both girls. The oldest will be a freshman this year and the youngest in seventh grade. They just moved into the town where she first lost her virginity. The girls will both be attending St. Joseph’s Christen School next year. Hope they have as much fun as she did.


The End 