How I became this way 

I assume my exibitionist tendencies started when I was in junior high. My fathers friend ran an advertizing agency and told my parents I would be perfect for a clothing model, for weekly newspaper inserts and catalogs. I was flattered by it and begged my parents to let me do it. The pay was decent but not overwhelming and my parents opened a savings accout for me. At first I only modeled jeans, blouses and dresses but after a few months was asked to model pajamas and under garments. My father was apposed to it at first but my mother and I talked him into letting me do it. Some of the studios had little privacy and it was embarrassing several times when I was undressed and some of the boy models or other men saw me, particially or fully naked. I started to realize they were walking in purposely to see me or the other girls. 
Most of the others became angry when it happened but for some reason I didn't get to upset about it and began to enjoy it when they did see me naked. I was developed rather well for my age and could tell how excited they were seeing me that way. I would linger in between photo sessions and stay naked longer than necessary hoping one or more of them would see me. I never did it when my mother was there but as I got older I was alone more often. I began telling her she made me nervous when she watched, so she began dropping me off at the studio for the three or four hours each week. 
Over the next year most of the boy models had seen me naked many times and all the men who worked there. It excited me so much I began masturbating more than ever and and just knew how I excited them, just by their reactions. It pleasured me knowing I had the power to arouse them but I always acted suprised that they were looking at me. My photos apperead in a number of catalogs and fliers but by the time I got to high school I was to old and no longer did it. Thats when I started missing it and not so much because of the money or my picture being seen all the time but mostly because I was unable to expose myself any more. 
I began letting my brothers friends see me naked whenever I could but even that didn't satisfy me enough mainly because it wasn't possible most of the time. There was only a small portiion of the girls locker room where someone could se in from the hallway but not many of the boys bothered looking in. It wasn't an area where girls would generally be undressed but I was able a few times to stand naked there if no other girls were in the locker room at the time. Even that was a rare occassion when a male would see me nude and I became frustrated with my inability to expose myself. A few boyfriends saw me naked and even though I had oral sex with two and masturbated them it still didn't completely satisfy me. I joined a swim club near college and after a few months discovered that one of the windows at the rear of the building was hidden by a large trash dsumpster. It was never open at all and one day I opened it to see where it was located. Anyone could go behind the dumpster right up to the window and see in without being seen outside. I thought it would be great if some guy would look in and see me naked since there were two shower stalls on the end that would be in plain sight from outside the window. 
The problem was that I don't think any of the guys knew that window was there. Weeks went by and all the sudden it hit me. What if I were to email a few guys telling them about that window and let them know about times it would be open a bit. It took a week or so but I was able to get an email address for three guys that I had never met. I borrowed a lap top from one of the boys in my class and used it to send emails to the three of them. Making it sound like another guy was telling them I explained about the window behind the dumpster. 
There were very few people at the pool between 5 and 6 pm paticularly on Tuedays and Wednesdays, so I mentioned rhat time frame in each email. I knew all three of them were friends and just hoped the guy in my class wouldn't find out what I had done with his computer. The following day which was a Tuesday, I only opened the window a small crack but just enough for them to look inside. Only two out of the six shower stalls are visable from the window so I went in the end one about 5:10 pm. There was no one else in the shower room but I could tell there were at least two guys outside. I was nevous about it but went right into the shower letting them see me naked. Since that first Tuesday which is almost seven months ago I don't know how many guys have seen me shower. There are two to four guys there every Tuesday and Wednesday looking in at me. I began shaving my pubic hair in front of them and now maturbate as they warch at least one of those nights. I am so aroused knowing they are watching me but am not sure which ones or how many are there every week. I didn't think about it when I first started doing this but they have seen a few other girls shower also. 
My one girlfriend was in the shower next to me one night and I know a few of the guys saw her also. I didn't intend that to happen but I can't tell her about it. All these guys are upperclasssmen and a few have spoken to me at times but I'm not sure which ones have watched me. I'm sure the three I sent the emails to have but am not sure how many others have. It just excites me so much I can't explain how turned on I get from it. There have been four or five girls who were in the shower next to me a few times and I do feel bad that I also exposed them to these guys. Last month I began putting a small sign in the shower saying out of order. Its not right for me to subject other girls to what I am doing. I do believe the years I was modeling caused me to behave the way I do now. I guess I always liked the way guys looked at me. The one guy says hello to me all the time and knows my name. I don't see them often but do know they have brought other guys with them sometimes. The glass on the window is painted so I can't even see there reflection when I'm in the shower but I know they are there and sometimes they push the window up more than the way I left it. I can see there eyes sometimes but can't tell who they are. All I need to know is that they see me which arouses me every time. 
