My drunk wife in the commuter train
By Bhuralund@gmail.com 

Usually I drive home after work and my wife, since her office is in the opposite direction to our house, take the local train back home. Once, my car broke down. I had a business meeting with one of my clients in the same side of town where my wife works so I decided to meet her for dinner before heading home. After out meeting finished, my client asked me out for drinks as he was waiting for a dinner meeting in the same area. So I called my wife and asked her to join us for drinks. She agreed.

My wife is a light drinker and tends to get tipsy even after like three beers. But I thought we would probably have two drinks and take a taxi home so it wasn't bothering me at all. However, after my wife arrived my client, a nice gentleman, insisted that we order some tequila. After four rounds of potent tequila shots, my client was still waiting for his other meeting and we ordered some scotch. Then after a few drinks, my client got a call to say that the other partner couldn't make it and the requested to postpone the meeting. My client was slightly unhappy but apologized to us and started to leave. Before leaving he asked if he could drop us by the nearest commuter train station. Although I was thinking of taking a taxi, I said yes to his offer and he dropped us to the station.

It was about 7pm but the station was jam packed. I had not taken the commuter train for many years and was not used to such massive crowds but my wife, although tipsy, was quite at home. When our train arrived, there was a jostle and although both of us got inside, we got separated by a few people in between us. Normally my wife gets in the female compartment (yes, in India we still have compartments reserved for women!) but today to be together she got in the general compartment and now we were not even together.

Anyway, our station is about 45 minutes ride so I thought sooner or later we will get together. The train was so crammed with people that there was no space to even nudge around. My wife had fortunately got in towards the corner of the compartment where there was at least some space. She was standing in front of the seat - the corner seats which can take two passengers and is just next to the door. There was a couple seated there and although it was very dark inside the train - the lights were really dim - I could see them clearly from my side, which was closer to the door. Just behind my wife there was a man in his fifties wearing a business suit and carrying a briefcase.

My wife was slightly tipsy so she had difficulty maintaining her balance with the movement of the train. The man behind her was very helpful and whenever she tripped, he would hold her by the waist. He also had only one hand to use so he kept his briefcase between his legs and now he could grab her with both hands when she fell with the lurching train movement. 

My wife was wearing a loose skirt and a short blouse. The skirt is one of those cotton skirts with batik prints that flows around liberally. It reached her knees. At the next station, the woman sitting in front of my wife got up and somehow managed to get off a man quickly took her place even though my wife was right in front of the seat. I also managed to squeeze in a little closer, and managed to move to the glass panel covering the two corner seats.
Pretty soon I realized that the man in front was also trying to help my wife stay steady. Each time she lurched, he would hold her tummy with his right hand. The man on his left was sleeping and there was no one who could notice it unless purposely looking in that corner. I realized that soon the man stopped removing his hand from my wife's tummy. But she was still unsteady. Each time she would lurch forward, her boobs pressed against the sitting man's face. He seemed to like it. Slowly, ever so slowly his hand was slipping downwards and in the next five minutes his hand was on her bare knee. Then the hand started sliding upwards and soon I could see his hand on her panty covered pussy mound. I could see his hand's movement from under the skirt. And I could also see another hand cupping my wife's left breast. The man behind her was freely squeezing her boobs and pinching her nipples between his thumb and forefinger. I know that this arouses my wife absolutely and especially so when she is drunk. And I could see the signs telling the signs of her increasing horniness. I should have been quick to barge in and stop this but the head of my cock was thinking and liking what it saw. And I just wanted to see the extent to which this could lead.

Then to my shock, I saw that the seated man had managed to rip her thin cotton panties and was now sniffing them discreetly. I could see his wide nostrils flare like a bull in heat. He slowly licked the crotch of the panty and stuffed it inside his pocket. His hand snaked inside my wife's skirt to stroke her now pantyless pussy. From the movements I could see that he was now fingering my wife's pussy brazenly seeing no reaction from her. Probably he now knew that she was drunk. He took out his finger, now coated with the shining pussy juice from my wife's hole and licked it.

Then I realized that the man seated next to his was getting ready to get down at the next station and I quickly took his empty seat. I looked at the man fingering my wife and smiled knowingly and he winked at me. Then I noticed that his cock was standing erect poking out of his fly. He had smartly covered it so far by a plastic bag but now I could see it - a thick, fat shaft of a cock with uncut head and precum flowling generously. I saw his take a glob of this clear thick precum and then he took the safe finger to rub inside my wife's pussy. Oh my mind swam with the implications of knowing that my wife's pussy was now coated with a stranger's precum. I couldn't  wait anymore and snaked my own hand up my wife's thigh like a pervert. Her entire thigh was coated with slippery precum mixed with her own pussy juice. She was leaking so much? I was shocked and excited at the same time. When I hit her pussy, I realized there was no space for me to fit in my finger...her wet pussy was already jammed with a very thick, hard, warm and pulsating cock. The man behind her had lifted her skirt sideways and planted his fat cock inside.

It was the first time I ever touched another man's cock and the velvety skin and the slippery precum coated shaft felt so good in my hand. I slowly started scratching his shaft with my nails and he peeked from behind and smiled at me when our eyes met. The man sitting next to me was rubbing my wife's extended clit with his index finger and I could feel her spasm in a huge wave of orgasm. As her pussy juices flowed copiously I scooped the juices and started rubbing them around the man's hairy balls which were also full of potent baby-making sperm waiting to spunk inside my wife's pussy and mate with one of her eggs.

As I squeezed his balls one more time, he let go of his load right inside my vulnerable wife's fertile pussy. I cupped under her pussy as his bucketful of sperm started flooding out of my wife's pussy. I took my hand out to see the excess of the scorching hot sperm from another man's cock deposited in my wife's pussy. I saw potential sperms swimming angrily in my palm and I couldn't resist taking a whiff. Seeing this, the man next to me pushed my head onto my palm and the palmful of hot sperm went dutifully inside my mouth.

As the man behind her put his now satisfied cock in his pants, he moved aside to let another man - an old Indian muslim man wearing a sarong - take his place. Probably the Indian man knew what was happening and he took no time in planting his cut cock inside my wife's freshly fucked pussy. I helped him too and he came in torrents deep inside my wife's pussy. This time I had no luck in catching all his cum from my wife's pussy and it started leaking along the insides of her legs. Before any other man could have impaled my wife on his hefty cock, the man seated next to me got up and in lightening agility turned my wife around and made her sit down next to me.

He looked around and started rubbing his huge cock on my wife's face. As she looked at his cock she opened her mouth and started sucking his slowly. He had been too excited and came within minutes flooding my wife's mouth with salty cum. Then as if to tease me, before putting his cock back in his pants, he rubbed the tip of his shrinking cock on my mouth leaving a thick white string of sperm on my lips. I licked my lips and gathered my disheveled wife because the next station was ours.

And yes, I decided to take the train everyday.

The End.