The Trailer Park: The Second Year
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2006 by Wizard

Chapter 29

"Sorry, Tony. She doesn't want to talk to you."

"I understand."

I'd wanted to talk to Robbie everyday since I'd gotten suspended, but my evening walks hadn't left me that much freedom. On the baseball field I'd tried my best to treat her like a player and not let our personal baggage interfere.

We'd won both sides of the double header, though the second game was a lot closer than I would have liked. Then Mom made my day by deciding that since Mr. Reed was suspending my suspension, she could ease up too. I was free. And my first mission was Robbie's house.

"You'll tell her I stopped by?" I asked, looking at my toes and scuffing my feet.

"Of course I will. And Tony?" I looked up. "You've done a great job helping with the team. Roberta's never hit better."

"I just shortened her stride. It was pretty obvious."

"Not to her last five coaches."

I smiled thanks and turned toward my bike.

"Daddy!"

"Yes, Beaver."

"You can ask him to come in."

Mr. Tate opened the door wide and ushered me in. Robbie was standing on the stairs, wearing cut-offs and a half shirt. The late afternoon sun flooded the upstairs windows and created a halo effect around her. I just stared.

I was vaguely aware of her dad leaving, saying something about being in the kitchen. I was more aware of my heart beating and a feeling of lightheadedness. God, she was beautiful.

Then she turned her back on me. "You'd better come up," she said over her shoulder.

I didn't move until she was completely out of sight. Was this love? Or lust? I climbed the stairs and walked to her bedroom.

She'd sat on the bed and was waiting. "What can I do for you, Coach?"

"I didn't come as your coach. If that's why you agreed to see me, I'd better go. I came as Tony."

"I, uh, I knew that. It's just... Damn, I don't know."

"Welcome to my world."

"I'm sorry you got in trouble."

"Why? It wasn't your fault."

"It's just... if I'd talked to you..."

"Mr. Parker and I were meant to bump heads. All I had to do was keep my mouth shut. I didn't."

"I still feel responsible. If you hadn't been mad at me..."

"I wasn't mad at you. I was mad at me."

"Still..."

"Old news. I'm unsuspended, so I can coach the team without hiding in the dugout and get back to regular life."

"But you're... you're going to play, aren't you?'

"I can't. I missed try-outs. I'm not on the roster.

"You fucking idiot!"

"I..."

"You big baboon. Your name was on the roster before try-outs even began. Why do you think Hallowell and Calloway only picked eleven? We all knew you were on the team. Kevin knows he's only shortstop till you come back."

"I..."

"What kind of twit are you?"

"I..."

She closed her eyes and shook her head. "Sparkling conversationalist."

"I..."

"Tony, sit."

I started to sit on the bed with Robbie, then changed my mind and pulled over her desk chair. I needed a second to clear my head. I was on the team. I was off suspension. Robbie was talking too me. Overload.

"That's great," I said after a few seconds.

"Tony, you're an idiot."

"I love you too."

"You need someone to look after you."

"Are you volunteering for the job?"

Robbie gave me an appraising look, then ignored my comment. "So you like to fuck little girls."

The problem was out there now. But, what do I say, 'Yes, I like to fuck little girls; at least Mikee and Kelly'? I'm pretty sure that wasn't what she wanted to hear, but it was true.

"And big girls," she added before I'd come up with an answer. "Tami told me about Paula, and Alana."

"Tami's got a big mouth."

"She was trying to make me understand about you and the little girls."

"Tami's an angel. And Mikee's not that little. She's a seventh grader after all. A lot of eighth graders go out with seventh graders."

"But you don't go out with her. You just fuck her."

"It just kind of happened. We both have fun and don't want any more."

"I can understand Mikee, but a fourth grader?"

"Like I said, it kind of just happened. And, actually, Kelly was the more aggressive of the two."

Robbie's eyebrow raised half-an-inch. "Tami says Mikee wants to be your next girlfriend."

Oh, God! "I'm not sure there'll be a next one. If I've blown two in a row, maybe I should quit."

Robbie cocked her head and gave another one of her appraising looks. I felt like I was under a microscope. "You want to tell me about it?"

"Not really." I sighed. "It's really all Tami's fault. She had this really bad day last year and her shoulder muscles were tied in knots. Anyway I went home with her..." I told Robbie everything. About massages that led to other things. About Paula and the sex lessons. About Alana and her friends.

"You've had a hell of a year."

"Yeah." Tami stopped talking to me. An owl got killed just for living. I'd discovered I was capable of violence when I beat up Kenny. I'd gotten beaten up by Peter, then discovered my dark side when I put Peter in the hospital. I stopped talking to Tami. Robbie found out I was a pervert. I'd been suspended. All in all, a hell of a year.

"But you didn't fuck the little... the girls while you were with Tami."

"No, I messed around with them. Tami knew about it. Most of the time she was in the other room. But I didn't fuck them until after Tami and I broke... after Tami and I weren't Tami and I any more."

"I remember when you didn't want to fuck me. Did you start fucking them after you did me?"

"Before. They kind of made it okay."

Robbie opened her mouth, stopped, then closed it again. "So you fucked me here and them at the park. You were getting all you could handle."

"Not quite, but more than most eighth graders."

"Anybody else?"

I shook my head.

"Now what do we do?" she asked.

"Hell if I know."

"Tony Sims, I don't know whether to kiss you, kick you between the legs, or just never talk to you again."

It took an effort of will, but I opened my legs wide. "Do what you gotta do. But if I get a vote..." Robbie cocked her head. "... it won't be the last one."

"You'd rather get kicked in the balls... ?"

I nodded, though not enthusiastically.

"You're either the slickest con-man in the country or..." she stood and stepped in front of me. "Stand up."

I did, just barely resisting an impulse to cover my crotch with my hands.

"You're sure about this?"

God, no! She wouldn't really... I nodded.

Robbie flowed onto me, her arms going around me, her lips covering mine. I hesitated before I enclosed her in my arms and returned the kiss for all I was worth.

She turned me around and pushed on back onto the bed, falling on top of me.

I felt her hands tugging at my clothes, and suddenly my cock was free and her pussy was bare and unprotected. Her hand grasped me and guided me in.

"Your dad," I gasped, trying to think straight. It had been a long two weeks.

"Knows."

"But you said before..." Something about knowing and having it shoved in his face. My cock glided into her warm sheath and suddenly I didn't care anymore.

"We had a long talk. He'll deal with it."

I rolled on top of her, then plunged deep within her and suddenly felt my balls contract, then explode as millions of tiny swimmers, pent up for too long, raced for the finish line.

"I'm sorry," I said as I rolled off her, my limp cock pulling out and lying flat against my leg.

"Why? I think you needed that. The next time..."

"Next time? But your dad?"

"I'm pretty sure my dad knew what was going to happen as soon as I said you could come in. Like I said, we had a long talk."

"About?"

"Everything!"

Oh, God! My life flashed before my eyes as I thought about all those guns.

"I told him about you and me, about you and Tami, about you and the little... the other girls."

"And he let me in the house?"

"I even told him about me and the boys back home. We're very close."

I couldn't help it. I pictured Robbie naked in bed with her dad as they talked. It was all those damned stories on the newsgroups.

"You're gross," Robbie said with a giggle, proving again she could read my mind. "I mean we're close as friends. For a while I was the only one he could talk to." She was stroking my cock while she talked.

"I don't understand. What about his friends?"

Robbie was quiet for a long time. She lay there, gently stroking my cock. I realized what a strange picture we made. I was lying on my side looking at her, fully clothed except for a limp dick sticking out of my fly. Robbie lay on her back, her cut-offs and panties pushed down just past her hips. Her one hand lay on her chest, her other stroked my cock as she stared at the ceiling.

"Did I ever tell you how we happened to come here?"

I shook my head, then realized she wasn't looking. "No. I just figured your dad's work said go, and you went."

"Dad was vice president of operations. He was the one who told people where to go."

"Uh, okay."

"It was about Mom."

"Uh, okay." That's when I realized that Robbie never talked about her mom. Not good, not bad, nothing. It was like she never existed. I remembered her dad saying something about her once, something about not cooking. But other than that she was a phantom.

"When I was in the fourth grade, Mom started fucking around."

"Oh."

"Actually, that's not right. When I was in the fourth grade I realized that Mom was fucking around."

I decided that saying "Oh" again wasn't adding to the conversation, but didn't know what else to say.

"It took a while to realize that getting naked in bed with a guy closer to my age than hers wasn't something that every mom did. Then it took a lot longer to realize that Dad knew, and that it was breaking him up."

"I tried to talk to him about it, but he just said everything was fine."

Why is it that parents can't seem to remember back to when they were kids? They don't remember that they had eyes and ears, and could put things together.

"About a year ago I knew Mom was going to be out all night. Supposedly at a parent teacher meeting, but really shacking up with her boyfriend. I got Dad reminiscing about when I was younger. We used to tickle and wrestle, and before that smirk comes back on your face, it was a father and a kid playing around, not a father seducing his daughter. I love my dad, but yuck.

"Anyway, before long, we were wrestling around on the floor. And I got him pinned."

"You pinned him?"

"I'm pretty strong for my size, he's an out-of-shape desk jockey. It wasn't that hard. Then I let him know that we were going to have a heart-to-heart about Mom. He argued that it was none of my business, that I was too young, all the usual excuses. So I sat on him for half-an-hour.

"After a while I knew he was getting sore from lying on the hard floor with all my weight on his chest and pinning his arms over his head. So I said something really blunt, like I knew Mom was fucking around on him, and was he going to talk about it or not.

"And he did. It turned out that he didn't want to talk to anyone because he was embarrassed. He thought that it made him less off a man. We talked all night. In fact, we were still talking when Mom came home, though we'd gotten off the floor.

"It seemed to make him feel better. About a week later I gave him a digital camera for his birthday."

"I'm lost," I admitted. "A camera?"

"Inside was a complete set of photos of Mom and her latest on Mom and Dad's bed."

"Oh."

"I told him that he wasn't happy and he should either accept the situation or do something about it."

I grinned. I could easily picture the thirteen-year-old girl talking to her father like that.

"It took a couple of weeks, but one night he came home from work. Mom said she was going out 'cause she had a meeting. He said that was fine, and she could just keep going. He handed her a set of divorce papers and a set of photos. After she'd left, he and I sat down and talked about options. We decided that a new start somewhere else would be for the best, and here we are." For the first time, she looked at me.

I smiled. "And I'm so happy you are."

She grinned and squeezed my cock, which had come back to life under her ministrations. "I can see you're happy."

"Do you hate her?"

"No!" she said quickly. "I always got along with my mom, but we never had a really strong relationship. I felt bad because she hurt Dad, but I knew she didn't mean to. She just... she was all about what she wanted."

"Oh, God! Mikee and Kelly! After you went through that, then you find out your boyfriend is all about what he wants."

Her hand circled my cock and she squeezed. "I wasn't trying to make a point about you. I was explaining why my dad and I can talk about anything. Even us."

"I'm not sure I'm comfortable having a parent knowing what's really going on."

"It's kind of unnatural, I'll admit," she said with a chuckle.

"It's sick and wrong."

"You know what would really be wrong?"

"What?"

"Using that harpoon of yours while my dad's downstairs oiling his gun collection."

"I always liked to live dangerously," I said as I pulled her on top of me.


Chapter 30

"Mrs. Temple, uh, hi."

I'd never known the woman well, and since I'd beaten up on Kenny last year, I doubt we'd spoken five words.

"It's a beautiful night, and Tami and were about to talk a walk. We, uh, thought the girls might like to join us."

"Alana's not here."

"We were thinking about Mikee and Kelly."

"Mikee?" she said with a suspicious tone. "And Kelly?" as if the combination had never occurred to her. "How long were you going to be?"

I looked at my watch. "It's about eight now. Maybe an hour or two. We thought we'd walk around for awhile, then sit on the front lawn and look at the stars. And there's no school tomorrow," I reminded her.

"Let me ask them," she said and closed the door in my face. I looked at the street and shrugged at Tami.

A minute later, the door opened and the two girls rushed out onto the porch with me.

"Yes, Mom," Mikee said.

"We will, Mom," Kelly chimed in before Mikee closed the door.

"Hi, girls," I said and gave them a quick group hug. We hadn't talked since they outed me to Robbie. I took their hands, and we walked down the steps to Tami on the street. She gave each girl a hug, then took Mikee's hand. I took Kelly's and put my arm around her back, my hand sliding naturally into the back pocket of her cut-offs.

We walked up the street toward my house. The sun had just gone down, and the night was in the process of going from the faded colors of dusk to the crisp darkness of night.

"Tony?" Kelly said tentatively.

"Yes, Munchkin."

"I'm sorry if I got you in trouble. With your girlfriend I mean."

"We're sorry," Mikee added.

"Are you real mad?" Kelly asked in a small voice.

"I'm not even a little mad."

"You're not?" Mikee asked.

"For real?" Kelly added.

"For real," I agreed. "Besides, Robbie and I made up yesterday, so I love the whole world."

"There you are." Robbie stepped off my porch and walked toward us.

"What's she doing here?" Mikee asked, almost in a hiss.

"She's going for a walk with us. She was just inside, calling her dad." Even in the semi-darkness of the street I could make out Mikee's frown.

Robbie stopped in front of us. "Hi, I'm Robbie. You must be Kelly. Tony's told me a lot about you."

She stepped closer and whispered into the eleven-year-old's ear. I caught the words "ticklish" and "pussy," and Kelly giggled.

"And that makes you Mikee," she said, stepping in front of the other sister.

"Michelle."

"Mikee, I hear you want my boyfriend."

"I... uh... I don't... I wouldn't... that is... never..."

"Don't sweat it. Some days, I'd not only give him to you, I'd gift wrap him."

"I love you too," I said.

"You stay out of this," Robbie snapped, then kissed me.

"I suppose you want him too?" she asked, looking back at Kelly.

"Well, I always get Mikee's toys when she's done with them."

Robbie laughed. "I like this girl. You and I are gonna be friends."

We walked and talked.

Mostly, Tami and I talked. About the stars, and how many there were, and how far away they were, and which ones had people. She'd point to a star and describe it's inhabitants and their culture, then I'd pick one and do the same.

Finally, we settled at the swings.

"Sit!" Robbie commanded, and I took a swing. Tami sat on the one next to me and started swinging. Mikee and Kelly sat down on the next two swings. Robbie settled crossways on my lap, grabbed my head with both hands, and kissed me. Hard. Her tongue stabbed into my mouth.

She pulled away before my hands could start wandering. "God, I missed that."

"Me, too," I agreed.

Then she got up and walked over to Mikee. "Your turn," she said, tapping the younger girl on the shoulder.

"What?"

"Go make out already. See if he's really boyfriend material." Robbie grabbed Mikee's hand and pulled her off the swing, then took her place.

Mikee stood for a few seconds, looking at Robbie, then at me, then back again.

"Would you go kiss him already," Tami urged.

Mikee still hesitated. Robbie stood up behind her, grabbed her shoulders, and guided her to me. Mikee sat on my lap in the same position Robbie had used.

"You're on your own from here," Robbie said, returning to her swing.

Mikee looked at all her witnesses, then grabbed my head as Robbie had done and kissed me. Her tongue pushed gently at my lips, and I opened them. Her tongue pushed in, the tip touching the tip of my tongue.

After about a minute I pulled back. "Remind me to tell your health teacher to give you an A in kissing."

"Your turn, Munchkin," Robbie said.

Kelly giggled. "Did Tony tell you to call me that?"

"Yep. Go kiss him."

Kelly giggled again, but jumped up and came over to stand by my swing. Mikee got up and moved to her swing. Kelly jumped, landed on my lap, and started kissing all in one move. Her tongue didn't come visiting, but it was still pleasant. Kelly made a nice armful, but then, so had her sister and Robbie.

When Kelly started giggling, I said was time to stop. "Okay, Robbie's turn," I announced.

"Hey! What about me?" Tami complained. "Don't I get a turn."

"Nope," I said.

"Yes, she does," Kelly said, wagging a finger in my face.

"Yeah," her sister agreed.

"Double yeah," Robbie said, making it unanimous.

"I guess I've been outvoted," I said, trying to sound whiney.

"I don't even like you," Tami said as she settled across my legs.

"Me neither."

The long tender kiss made liars out of both of us.


Chapter 31

"We're changing songs."

"What? We can't do that. The show's tonight," I complained.

"Then you better get busy and learn the new song."

"I..." I was arguing with Robbie. I should know better. The only time I ever won was on the baseball field, and we weren't on the field now. "Why?"

"I had a chance to check out the judges. The other song wasn't gonna work."

"So? It's not like we care about winning. It's just one of the requirements for vocals."

Robbie gave me one of her looks. The kind you'd give your grandmother with Alzheimer's who couldn't remember her own name. "It's always about winning."

I sighed. "Let's see the music."

The year was winding down. Two days left of school, and Tuesday was just a half-day.

Baseball was done, at least school baseball. There was still Babe Ruth League to look forward to. The team had done pretty good. We went twelve and one, losing our last game because the damn shortstop, who shall remain nameless, bobbled the ball in extra innings and let the runner from Wingate score.

Mr. Hallowell turned out to be a pretty good student. He listened when I explained why I did certain things and asked questions when he wasn't sure. He might not be the best coach next year, but he'd be a coach.

Tests were done and final papers handed in. All that was left was final grades. Mine should be pretty good. Somehow I didn't have any incompletes during my little vacation.

Mr. Reed and I had some good talks about respect, baseball, and the Vietnam War. He turned out to be a pretty good guy. I wished I'd gotten to know him sooner and under better circumstances.

All that left was the eighth grade talent show. Tonight.

Robbie and I practiced at her house most of the morning. She'd already figured out the staging, so all I had to do was learn the words and music.

The stage was dark as Robbie and I took our positions. We were each sitting on a tall stool sitting at an angle so that our backs were mostly to each other but we faced most of the audience. Jerry Stilton sat a little further behind us with his guitar and Jenny Morton with her keyboard. She started in on the Reba McEntyre standard, and after a few bars, he joined in. A violin would have been nice, but we didn't know anyone who played except Mr. McCoy, who seemed to play everything.

Then a single spot focused on Robbie, with just a wide enough focus that I was apparent in the shadows. She lifted her microphone to her face, and looking above the audience, sang:

"If you see him, tell him I wish him well.

How'm I doing? Well, sometimes it's hard to tell.

I still miss him more than ever. But please don't say a word.

If you see him.

Oh, if you see him."

She had a real plaintive quality in her voice. You could hear the heartache of someone who missed someone else. It was funny, but I hadn't really listened to the words, I'd been so busy learning them.

Her spot died out slowly on her last words and mine came up:

"If you see her, tell her I'm doing fine.

And if you want to, say that I think of her, from time to time.

Ask her if she ever wonders where we both went wrong.

If you see her.

If you see her."

Both spots as I sang, holding the note on the I:

"Oh, I still want her."

Robbie:

"And I still need him so."

Harmony:

"Oh, I don't know why we let each other go."

Musical bridge as both spotlights slowly fade.

Single spot again, on me:

"If you see her, tell her the light's still on, for her."

Fade my spot, bring hers up slowly:

"Nothing's changed, deep down the fire still burns for him."

Both spots. Harmony:

"And even if it takes forever, say I'll still be here."

Robbie:

"If you see him."

Me:

"If you see her."

Robbie:

"If you see him."

Me:

"If you see her."

Spotlights fade to black.

Damn, we were good.

The lights came up, and the audience started applauding, loudly. Robbie and I got off our stools and took a bow. Then another. One more for luck. Damn, we were good.

That had to be one of the saddest songs I'd ever heard. Two people who want and need each other, but let something come between them. Then both waited for the other.

Robbie and I were off the stage and standing in the wings, watching the stage crew set up the last act. "Think we're going to win?" I asked.

"Who cares? Not everything is about winning."

I looked at her. She was watching me. Waiting for a reaction, but what reaction? Damn song was still playing in my head, despite the hard rock coming from the group on stage. The words were almost haunting. "And if you want to, say that I think of her, from time to time. Ask her if she ever wonders, where we both went wrong..."

Fucking manipulative bitch!

Robbie smiled. "Don't you think it's time to go talk to her?"

I nodded.

"You do belong together, you know," I heard behind my back as I walked down the stairs and out into the gym.

Somehow I found Tami in the packed crowd. She was sitting with her mother. "I need to borrow her for a few minutes," I said in apology. I took Tami's hand and maneuvered her out of the crowd and out into the hallway.

"You and Robbie were fantastic," she said and hugged me as soon as we were clear.

"No, you and I are fantastic. Robbie and I are just good."

"What are you talking about? You know I can't sing a note."

I grinned. "Don't have to. Just being with me makes a melody."

"What are you talking about?"

"Oh, shut up." I grabbed her and pulled her into a tight embrace, my mouth searching for hers, my tongue pressing into her mouth and finding hers, my hands cupping her ass and breast. It seemed so natural, so right. I didn't know why it hadn't always been like this.

"Mr. Sims!" We broke the kiss at the interruption and looked at the doorway where Mr. Parker was standing. "This may be a Saturday, but this is still a school and that behavior is inappropriate."

I smiled at him. "So suspend us," I said and kissed Tami again.

"Us too," said Robbie's voice. From the corner of my eye I saw her and Ricky Calloway come out the other door. Then she pulled him into a serious kiss of her own. "By the way, Tony, consider yourself dumped," she said when they came up for air.

"Suspend us too." Luke was behind her, with, of all people, Allie Smidt. Then they were kissing too.

Long live the revolution. And four more years of school.
