


I was eighteen and in senior high when one day I came home and found that Shonadi was not there. Instead my cousin sister Runadi was there. She said that she would be staying with us for the night as my mom was away and as Shonadi could not come due to sickness. Runadi was my dad's niece, just twenty years old and had got married a few months ago. She was big breasted like mom and had a nice tight ass. The blouse she was wearing was a revealing one that barely held her big tits. She was wearing her saree below her navel that showed her stomach. I wondered if I was going to witness some action that night.

Dad came home in the evening. I was in my room studying. Runadi was in the kitchen. I heard dad speaking to her in the kitchen downstairs and then I heard Runadi giggling. Curious, I went to investigate. I peeked inside the kitchen and saw what I wanted to see. Dad and Runadi were deeply engaged in a lip to lip kiss . Dad was massaging her tits through her blouse and she had her hand inside dad's pants. His fly was open and Runadi was massaging his cock inside his underpants. The next moment Runadi was sitting on the chair with her legs wide open. Her head was thrown back and eyes closed and she was making little sounds like mmmmm oohhhh, aahhhhh. Then I saw dad on his knees. Runadi's saree was lying on the floor and her petticoat was bunched up at her knees. Dad had his head buried between her fair sexy thighs sucking her pussy. Runadi was in ecstasy and was holding dad's head in her hands and pushing it more on her pussy. Dad then brought out his head from under her petticoat and looked towards her. She opened her eyes and smilingly said, "Kaku ektu angul diye chude dao nago gudta jolche." (Uncle please finger fuck me for sometime it's burning).

Immediately dad put his fingers inside her very wet cunt and started to finger fuck her. I could not see Runadi's cunt but I could very well see dad's hand working deftly. Runadi was very excited as dad continued his nice play. She was moving her fingers through dad's hair and was moaning. She now reached up to her blouse and with both hands started to juggle her biggies. She pulled at the blouse and two of the hooks just gave way and the top of her boobs spilled out of the blouse. Now I could see Runadi's boobs in her sexy lacy bra barely managing to stay within their confines. She was massaging them fiercely and then suddenly she let out a loud moan- she had just cum. Dad quickly moved his face into her pussy and licked her juices off. After dad had lapped up all her juice they kissed and parted. Dad said:

"Runa tor gud ta khoob mishti re. Tui onek boro hoe gechis. Ja daroon maal hoechis. Toke langto kore chude bhog korbo aaj sara raat. Aaj raat ta daroon katbe. Dekh raate tui kakimar chotto nighty aache ekta seta pore nibi ar bra porbi na" (Runa your cunt is very sweet. You have grown up into a horny bitch. You are very sexy and I am going to screw you the whole night. We will have lots of fun tonight. At night wear your aunty's flimsy nighty and don't wear any bra).

I quickly went to my room and waited in anticipation for the events of the night. Before dinner Runadi was wearing mom's lacy nighty that was semi transparent and came only upto her knees. My jaw dropped when I saw her sexy figure. Her boobs were standing under the nighty and I could faintly make out the large aureoles and her nipples. Her tits swayed as she moved and then suddenly I felt something stir inside my pants. I lowered my hand and felt through my pants. I was having a massive erection.

Dad had been drinking that evening and during dinner he was already in high spirits. Runadi too had downed a few pegs and she was in a good mood. I stealthily came out of my room and saw that they were watching TV. Dad had his left hand inside Runadi's nighty which was open at the top and massaging her tits nicely. I saw her big firm tits hanging out of her nighty. They were like two white globes with their brown peaks and big pointed nipples standing proudly. Dad was pumping her tits and at times pinching her nipples. Runadi had her hand inside dad's pajamas and she was rubbing his tool inside the pajamas. Suddenly Runadi bent towards dad and pressed her lips on dad's lips and they started kissing passionately. I saw dad's hand start pressing her boobs wildly and she was thrashing around on the sofa. They ended their kiss and looked at each other with lust and Runadi said,

" Chalo na kaku ekbar amake chude debe amar gud ta khoob sursur korche. Tomar shakto lauda tar jonne amar gud chotphot korche." (Come uncle let us fuck once. My cunt is feeling like bursting out. I need your stiffness inside me immediately.)

In reply dad did not say anything but just inserted his hand inside her nighty and started rubbing her cunt which must have been burning. She let out a loud moan and threw back her head and closed her eyes. I could not see what my dad was doing with his hands but I could pretty guess that he was rubbing her tight cunt pleasuring her. Suddenly I felt that she had stiffened. She must have come. Dad brought his hand out and licked his fingers. He then did something that surprised me. He bent forward and pulled Runadi's panty out of her and held it near his nose and smelled for some time and then he started licking it. Runadi smiled and grabbed his cock and asked dad to wear her wet panties. Dad got out of his pajamas and put on her panties. Runadi looked very pleased and bending forward she put a kiss on dad's jewels inside the panties.

A little later I was called to dinner. I noticed Runadi as she walked. Her massive tits were standing erect and I could make out the little peaks standing under the thin fabric of the nighty which was straining. The top two buttons were still open and she did not care to button up either. My eyes went to the point between her thighs and I saw the distinct shape of a dark dense forest of curly hair as she had not cared to put on any panty. I also saw her long legs were covered with some slippery substance, her cum. I felt the thing under my pants stir up again.

We finished the dinner somehow. They were eager to get started while I wanted to see them get started. After dinner dad suggested that we watch TV for sometime. Actually dad knew that watching TV always made me fall asleep quickly and that was what he too wanted. We sat down to watch TV. As they were in high spirits Runadi said to dad,

"Kaku amar thigh batha korche. Ektu tipe debe?" (Uncle my thigh is aching. Can you press it a bit for relief?)

Dad was very eager to help. But since I was there they needed to have a ploy so he said to me, "Runadi's thigh is aching so I have to help her."

Saying this he smiled at me and then turned to her and asked her to put his hand where it was paining. Runadi took his hand and straight put it on her thigh and spread her legs wide. Dad smiled and put his finger inside her pussy and pretended as if he was massaging her thighs. From the corner of my eye I could see that he was moving his finger fast and Runadi was moaning slowly. Suddenly a plan struck me and I pretended to fall asleep and lied down on the sofa. They thought that I was sleeping and they started kissing openly. Runadi had her hand inside dad's pajamas again and she was massaging his heavy tool. Dad said,

"Ei Runa amar lauda ta choose de to. Tor borer lauda khas to naki? Ne amar pajamata khule lauda take kha." (Hey Runa open my pajama and take my cock in your mouth and suck it. I hope you give head to your husband too and know how to do it.)

Runadi said, " Amar bor ta abar amake diye or lauda chosaye na tobe amar sasurer lauda ta aami choose di." (my hubby does not allow me to suck him but I always give head to my father-in-law).

Saying this she got down on her knees and pulled dad's pajamas down. I saw dad's erect tool which was standing like a hot iron rod ready to cut through Runadi's smooth cunt. Runadi laughed and said,

"Baapre kaku tomar bara ta ki bishal. Aami aaj etar shob raush ber kore nebo jate kakimar guder jonno kichu na thake." (oh uncle your dick is so big and stiff. I would love to squeeze every drop of cum from your balls so that you have none left for aunty when she comes).

Dad said, "Ar tor kakima! Se nije hoeto kono jowan chele ke diye nijer gud maracche. Or gude shob samay bara na marle or shanti nei. Amar office er boss er sathe shali raat katiye eseche. Aro du jon colleague er shamneo gud keliyeche nijer. Ek din barite eshe dekhi je o bichanae langto hoe gud keliye shue ache ar gud ta dekhi phule boro hoe ache ar sheta theke maal topkacche. Jigesh korte bollo je amar boss ar she dui office colleague eto chudeche panch ghonta dhore je ar parche na tai gud khule shue ache. (Your aunty! Don't say anything about her, she must be busy right now getting fucked liked a hot bitch by some young stud. Her cunt always needs a cock inside her. She has slept with my boss and two of my colleagues. One day when I returned home I saw her lying with her cunt wide open. It was so swollen that I thought that she must be fucking someone. Cum was dripping out of her cunny and she said that my boss and the two colleagues have been fucking her for the last five hours non stop and so she had a sore pussy.)

I could not believe what was just said about my mom but something made me think that it might just be possible keeping in mind her behavoiur with grandpa in bed.

By now Runadi had lowered her head on dad's tool slowly and put her warm lips on his tool. Dad moaned and started to push her head down on his rod. It was such a hot scene. I saw runadi hold dad's cock in her soft hands and play with the head. She looked at it intently and smiled. Dad said, "Kire runa ki dekhchis. Kono din lauda dekhisni mone hoe. Chol chuste start kor." (Hey runa what are you looking at? Have you not seen a cock before. Quickly start eating me dear.)

Runadi brought out her tongue and started to run it on the cock head near its rim. Dad burned with pleasure. Runadi slowly licked the tip and then the whole cockhead was in her mouth. She was sucking it like a vacuum cleaner. With her one hand she peeled the foreskin down and with the other hand she reached below and massaged his balls. Slowly she took more of his cock in her mouth and I saw in amazement that soon she was eating his whole length. The cock shone with her saliva and was standing fiercely. She stopped sucking after a couple of minutes and held the rod in her hand and looked at it. She looked at dad and slowly put one finger on his pee hole at the tip and rubbed her nails on the slit. Dad almost jumped up in his chair and said, "runa orkhom kore supuri take khuntish na aami pagol hoe jabo. Tui eta kar kach theke shikhli? (runa don't tickle that slit I will go mad. Where did you learn this naughty thing?)

Runadi laughed and continued to tickle the peehole and said, "Amar sasur shikhiyeche je dhoner phuto te nokh dile lokera khoob mauja pae. Kaku tomar bichi gulo khabo ebar ami pa duto phank koro to. Dekhi tomar holbichi gulo male bhorti kina amake chodar jonno. Tomar ghodar moto ei mota lauda ta amar gude dukhle ja aram pabo na ami, ami to ar lobh samlate parchi na. Chalo bedroome giye chuda mari." (I learnt it from my father in law who told me that doing this will run any man crazy. But now uncle I want to eat your balls and see how much cream they are holding for screwing me. Spread your legs and let your big nice sack hang down comfortably so that I can test them and taste them. I want to see the kind of cream I am going to get tonight. I am imagining when your horse cock will tear my pussy. Lets go the bedroom my dear fuck pole owner.)

Dad quickly picked up runadi in her arms and carried her to their bedroom. I was still lying on the sofa. I quickly got up and went to see what was going on. Their door was closed but there was a key hole for me to peek in. I put my eye on the hole and saw dad lying on the bed with thighs spread wide and runadi kneeling in between his legs. She was again busy sucking dad's black hose holding it in her sexy hand and going up and down in a very rapid action. Her head was like a blur bobbing up and down on his shaft. She finally let it go and took a small bite of his balls. Dad cried in pleasure. He was moaning loudly and urging her to go on hold in her head and pushing it more on himself. She was probably a better cocksucker than even my mom.


This is Ashish from Chandigarh. I m 18 yrs old doing my enggr. from a reputed institute in city. The story here involves my lovely encounters with my aunty (my father's sis). Her name is Rajni. She is of 36 yrs of age & a very hot woman. Her vital stats are 38-26-38. So she posses a little plump but nevertheless a sexy curves body. She had been married some 8 yrs back but her hubby was in America & ever since he hasn't called her. So she used to stay with our family. Mine is a large house in a village few kms from the city. The house resides my family & the families of two of my uncles. Rajni aunty as I use to call her was a very caring woman when I was in my childhood. I use to spend most of my time with her but as I grew, the separation became more prominent & till the time I left home for my education there was hardly any dialog between us. But I noticed a sudden changed in her behavior when I visited my house during vacations.

I observed that she was taking a very unusual interest in me. Like she often used to come to my room when I would be alone and will inquire about my gfs. During this time I often noticed that her, pallu will always be down and her suits always exposed her boobs generously. I was 18 yrs old healthy guy and such scenes ignited the fire of lust in me. Now I too started taking interest in her (or in her body). I would always look for a chance to view across her tight suits or see thru kameezs that generously revealed her hot body. It was one such occasion, we were coming back from the city after watching a movie. I was there with my aunty & we were driving back to village. Others were coming in different vehicles. It was all dark and we were moving thru the dark fields leading to our village. Just then near a hand pump, aunty told me to stop as she wanted to get fresh. I stood near the jeep as she went behind the pump wall but after some time she called me. As I went there, the scene I saw was biggest and most pleasurable shock of my life. I saw her naked boobs. Perfect round melons, huge much larger than I had thought. Pink nipples and dark brown areolas wow for a moment I froze. It was first time I had ever seen such beautiful boobs that too in full nudity. They were just killing. More killing was her hot body with upper half completely naked. She said what r u looking ashish I know u want them badly. Even I want u ashish c'mon hurry up gives ur aunt's boobs a nice suck. I moved forward and took them into my hands. Oh they were so soft; I started kneading her boobs hard. She started moaning , I pressed them hard trying to squeeze milk out of them and then mouthed her right nipple, pressed it sucked it bite it. I was hungry and there she had offered me chicken biryani I was not going to let it go easily. I went like maniacs kissing sucking squeezing licking biting each and every part of her wonderful breast.

All she could do was respond to my brutal assault, and then I threw some water on breast and started sucking it from her nipples. I remained grossed in her boobs for a long period of time. There was not a single inch on her breast that didn't have marks of my teeth on it. He boobs had become red with my biting and rubbing. Finally she stopped me and reminded me for being late. It was difficult but then we left and thru the whole way I kept pressing her boobs over her clothes. That night I couldn't sleep for a second even when I did I fantasized of making a hot steamy love to my sexy aunty. I woke up to find my underwear wet with my cum. I went straight looking for her but was disappointed to know that she has left to attend marriage in a neighboring village. I don't like going to parties so I stayed home. She came late at night and by the time I had already gone to sleep. When I woke up I went thru the house and found that most of the members had stayed in the marriage only and those who had come back at night were fast asleep. This again was good opportunity for me, so I went straight to my aunt's room. She had just come out of bath and was looking fresh as a rose.

She back was facing me, and she didn't notice me coming to her room. She was compiling some clothes and was in bending position. I saw her big ass which was in full prominence. It was jutting out of her thin gown. I was highly ignited by such display of her assets. I bolted the door, went behind her and grabbed her ass hard. She was shocked initially and told me to control myself but I made my desires clear by kissing her ass hard. She moaned as I lifted her gown up to reveal her beautiful ass. Wow her butts were great. They were hard & tight. I started squeezing them, pinching them, licking them as my tongue rolled up & down on her big round buttocks. She was now in a bending position with her hands & knees on ground. I kneaded her flesh as my hands parted her butts to reveal her hot & wet cunt. I poked in my nose to smell the intoxicating aroma that her delicious pussy was emitting. Ohhhhh!!!!........Ahhhh!!! she screamed lightly as my fingers touched her clit. It was first time I saw a woman's genitals. It was a small tight hole with reddish material from inside hanging and encircled by pink flesh. I probed her virgin pussy with my cunt as liquid from her cunt wet my tongue. I can't describe the feeling of exploring a woman's pussy for the first time. It was great, a heavenly experience. I kept licking her cunt as my tongue went up & down along the length of her cunt. She was moaning with ecstasy but was keeping it low less some one heard it outside. I feasted on her pussy for a longtime & in the meantime she cummed thrice. I tasted her delicious juices for a first time and was not ready to go. But she stopped me saying she couldn't take anymore and now it was her turn to seek pleasure from me. I told her to do as she wants. She turned me around and pulled my shorts down. My butt was now naked before her.

She moved her fingers all over my butt, sometimes pressing them hard into my flesh and then started kissing my butts. She licked them wet with her tongue as she took the flesh of both my bums into her hands and squeezed it hard. Now she tried to poke a finger into my ass but I stopped her. She said u filthy dog u has taken ur share of pleasure and now ur denying me mine. I said that it will hurt me as I have never experienced that before. She said Ok but I won't leave u like that & she took my face into her hands and planted a hot steamy kiss on my lips. I too responded & soon there was shower of kisses on my face. My forehead, eyes, cheeks, lips, nose & neck every part was drenched with her saliva. She was behaving like a sex starved goddess & I was her satisfier. She kept on kissing my face for a long time sometimes smooching me so hard that I had to gasp for breath. Wow this bitch is really hot I said to myself. She would have continued her monsoon of love or lust but for a call from my grandmother made her depart. I cursed my luck & came back to my room. In afternoon my mother insisted on me going to attend the marriage function. I was reluctant but Rajni was also going so I agreed. I spent the day going here & there just doing some simple chores for time pass. I pretended to be happy but my eyes were always on Rajni. She was wearing a sky blue color suit and due to summer heat it had become almost sees thru. Her white color lacy bra was distinctly visible along with her black panties. Her boobs were also jutting as if trying to break free from her bra. The sleeveless & low cut kameez was exposing her smooth white flesh to every single man's desire. I could see many of them ogling at her & often trying to touch her hot body on one pretext or other. But I knew that I was the luckiest among them as sooner or later her body will be mine. There was a mehnadi function at night and we all were dressing my mom came to me & told me to take rajni back to home as she had forgotten some jewelry and her dress for the occasion. I instantly agreed & soon we both were on the way back. I kept telling her all the way that today I will not spare her & she kept saying that we will see. By the time we reached our house it was 10 o clocks. As soon as we entered our house, I grabbed her breast hard and pushed her to the charpai that was lying in the backyard. I came over her & started squeezing her huge boobs over her clothes. Nibbled, licked, fondled, caressed & pressed hard. I could locate her nipples over her clothes & I pinched the hard, tuned them & licked them. She started moaning as I placed my hands on her boobs over her bra inside her kameez. I slowly pulled her kameez up and then gave a huge bite at booth her boobs. She cried with pain. As I eagerly unfastened hooks of her bra & released those huge mounds.

I once again started my feast on her naked boobs. Again her boobs went for a good long session of nibbling, squeezing, pressing, and biting. She grabbed my head and pushed it tightly on her boobs as I made different scars on her boobs with my teeth. I sucked her nipples so hard that they turned red. I looked at her face it was amazing; she had closed her eyes in ecstasy. Her rosy red lips were moving over each-other in an attempt to absorb the immense pleasure that mauling of her boobs was giving her. I couldn't control and placed my lips on hers but she pushed me back hard. I was surprised but then she smiled as she took my face in her hands & gave a strong kiss on my lips. She held me tightly as her bare boobs pressed into my chest & my cock rubbed against her crotch. My lips were being sucked by her and my hands were moving all over her naked back massaging her white smooth flesh. I felt her tongue inside my mouth. It was a great experience. After few minutes of this beautiful tussle between our mouths, I proceeded to remove izarband of her salwar. Soon her salwar was pulled out of her legs and I saw most killing view of my life. Her smooth white legs with fleshy thighs were before me. The sweat was sprinkling here and there while her pussy was being covered by a black scanty panty. I moved down & started kissing from her ankle, then her legs finally her thighs. She moaned hard as I pulled her panty down with teeth to reveal her completely shaven cunt. It was her most treasured possession that I had long wanted. I parted her thighs and brought my mouth over her dripping cunt. She started screaming loud as my tongue explored her wet cunt all over. OHHH! Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! Yes suck me ya tear my pussy u bastard ohhhhh ur tongue is such a nice sex toy u bastard fuck ur aunt with ur filthy tongue.

This increased already burning fire in me as I gave her very hard bites on her cunt. Taking her clit in my mouth I almost parted it she gave a huge groan and told me to go slow. I didn't stop and continued at same pace. Soon I was rewarded with her cunt juices that flowed like some waterfall from her pussy. Second time they tasted even better. I looked at her face. It was having an expression of partially satisfied woman. She looked at my crotch. I understood her signal and pulled my pajama down (I was wearing a safari suit). She remained at charpai occasionally pressing her boobs. Now I lifted my kurta & pulled my underwear down. My monster emerged from the bushy jungle. She smiled & I moved to hold her in my arms but she drifted away started running in opposite direction. This was frustrating as my erection was at peak and I was dying to eat that forbidden fruit which she was denying. I followed her. It was a wonderful sight to see this naked beauty run wild with her boobs and ass swaying up & down. She ended up in a small tanker of water which was adjacent to the pump. As I reached there I found her splashing water all over her body. My already hard cock became stiffer as I saw water flowing down her lips over to her jutting boobs, then to her navel & finally disappearing in her cunt. Eager to join her I removed my remaining clothes and jumped into the tank. We splashed water on each-other as I held her tightly from behind rubbing my cock on her ass & pressing her boobs hard. We kissed for a while & then she made me sit on the edge of the tank with my legs hanging down. Now she grabbed my cock & put it into her mouth. Soon she started sucking it hard; believe me guys first blowjob is a mind blowing experience. Everything seemed so good, the cool breeze that was blowing, a hot wet naked lady of 36 sucking my cock & I felt I was in heaven. I thanked god for this ultimate ride. She kept sucking my cock in all directions, sometimes squeezing it, sometimes rubbing her face all over it, and licking along its length kissing every single muscle on it. There seemed to be no end to the pleasure she was deriving out of my cock but then there was no end to the pleasure I was getting from her.

Finally pressure started building inside my balls but since it was my first time I wanted to shot it into her mouth and see how it feels to cum inside a woman's mouth so I let her carry on. My cock busted in her mouth. The white sticky gel from my cock blew and fell all over her face. Seeing me cum she opened her mouth & took her tongue out trying to gather every single drop of cum that my cock was oozing. She licked my cock clean. My heartbeat was coming to normal as well as my cock too. Seeing my limp cock, she came forward and took it and crushed it between her boobs. Then she started moving her boobs along the length of my cock. The feel of smooth flesh of her boobs on my cock was really exciting due to which my horny bastard again rose to power. This time she came out of tank & told me to lie down on the floor. I obeyed her. She came over me with her legs across my belly held my cock, positioned it for her cunt & slowly sat over my crotch taking my cock into her cunt. She moaned with great pleasure as my cock entered her pussy. It was not as tight as I had thought which made doubtful about her virginity but nevertheless it was not right time for such thoughts. She started moving up and down as my cock touched her clit every time she came down. I too responded pushing my cock in rhythm with her motion. The wetness & warmness of her cunt was driving me mad. On top of it her big boobs were moving up & down with her wet body. All this busted my dam much early than I had thought. This time even I couldn't control my timing and soon her cunt was splashed by liquid. But she was still not done yet & kept on pushing herself on my cock. I relaxed after my orgasm as she continued pushing her pussy with increased pace. After few moments she too came as I felt her cunt gripping my cock hard. My cock was lashed by her juices.

She too collapsed on me & we remained like that for few moments. Then she reminded me that we were late & I realized that we were here on some pretext. I saw it was 11:35 we were there for 1  hour though it shouldn't have taken more than 30 mins. for us We cleaned ourselves, dressed up & left for the wedding. We were lucky no one noticed when we arrived back. When we came back from wedding it was 2 am. I was tired and fell asleep as soon as I touched the bed. In my dreams it seemed that my aunt was playing with my hard cock, she was stroking it hard like the gear of a car. I opened my eyes to sheer surprise that my aunt was actually stroking my cock. I was scared that we could be caught but she told me that everyone was fast asleep. She said that she wanted repeat of the night experience. I was only too willing. She lifted her gown up till her waist flashing her cunt to me. She positioned herself on my cock and slowly took it inside her cunt. Now she started the joy ride pushing her cunt up down on my cock. I remained lied down letting her enjoy the pleasure. She kept on pushing herself on my cock in-between my cock slipped 2-3 times fro her cunt but she repositioned it & carried on. As she carried on I opened buttons of her gown & let her big melons free. I started squeezing them hard. Pinching the nipples & tuning them. Soon my cock busted filling her pussy with my cum. She too came at almost same time.

Our combined juices flow thru her thighs on to bed sheet. She came down, pulled my shirt apart & started kissing my bare chest. She kissed my chest, nipples, belly & licked my navel. Her tongue rolled on my body making different designs with her saliva. Finally it stopped at my nipples & I shredded with sensation as she mouthed my nipple & started sucking it. She encircled the nipple with her right tongue, and then gave a strong suck to it squeezing it in between. She continued her vengeance as she played with my nipples as I had done with hers. Overcome by lust, I pushed her down came over her locked my lips with her. We started sucking each-others mouth very badly with saliva constantly moving from one mouth to another. I sucked her lips which were at their rosy best. Our tongues inter mingled as we explored each-others mouth. My cock was now rock hard & was urging to enter her cunt. I pulled my shorts down, came at her legs and pushed her gown till her waist. She spread her legs wide to accommodate my monster into her hole. I slowly pushed it inside her hole, placed my hands on her thighs for support & then started moving in out of her wet lubricated cunt. Soon she started abusing OHHHHH. Ahhhhh yes fuck my pussy with ur big filthy cock yes ram it ram it hard push it hard into my hole. U r cock has made me mad. It is so big so thick ahhh I love its roundness.

I retaliated saying aunt even ur hole is quite good. Ur breast r mind blowing. Anyone guy would love to play with these ripe mangos of urs. Ur ass is too good; it always makes my cock hard. Ur my fantasy queen aunt & sexiest woman I had ever seen. She was really touched by my appreciation & moved forward to hug me. I kept fucking her. Due to our motions her gown had slipped down from her boobs and was now only hanging thru her nipples. I could see her black aureoles, this further excited me & I cummed soon after filling her pussy with my seeds. She too came and I felt my cock drenched with shower from her pussy. Now we again started smooching. This time we carried our kissing like maniacs. Meanwhile we removed our clothes & started feeling each-others body. We rolled over from one side of bed to another, sometimes she came on top & sometime me & we carried on our smooching journey. In rolling over we tripped from the bed but didn't stop kissing as our mouths remained lock. I suppose we sure had made some world record. Then she came over me & started moving her hands all along my bare body. Massaging my chest, pinching my nipples, then my abdomen, and then to my cock. It was sensuous feeling to have her gently massage my cock along its length. The pleasure was inexpressible. Then she turned me to turn around & lye with my face facing the floor. She then took my bums & started massaging them. I could feel her soft hands moving all around my butt & gently pressing it. It gave me great relaxation. She continued her massaging service till I stopped her told her that I wanted to taste her ripe melons. Now her lye's down, I came over her & started massaging her breast in same manner. I moved my hands along the roundness of her boobs. Tuned her nipples, mouthed them, sucked them hard, & licked every single corner of her twin beauties. She had her eyes closed; simply relishing the pleasure I was giving her. She moved her hands all over my body, feeling each part, & then again squeezed & sucked my nipples. We continued like that lost in our own heaven till we heard certain sounds coming from the ground floor. It was indication that others were wakened up. We half heartedly agreed to part as she quickly adjusted her gown gave me a good bye kiss & left. I remained in bed till late afternoon just relishing my conversion from a boy to a man. So guys this was a true story that happened with me. It was just the start, after that we enjoyed many times but hose were other encounters which I will tell u someti