



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================








Judith and Me 
By Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com

Chapter 5: The Membership Committee

The next morning I started to awaken Judith my favorite way, 
eating her to a couple of soft, rolling orgasms. That usually 
meant I could then slip in and give her a "refill" of semen 
because she might have "run low" over night and we wanted to 
make she "stayed pregnant." (She was wonderfully nasty, the way 
she teased me) Today, however, as soon as she was awake enough 
to feel what I was doing, she pushed me away. I was hurt until 
she pulled me up beside her and kissed me. "I don't want to 
feel 'too' good today," she said mysteriously.

The pregnancy had slowed Judith's frantic pace, but this 
morning she was up and about with unusual energy. As I was 
finishing preparing the pecan pancakes with blueberry syrup, 
grapefruit juice, melon balls and French-roast coffee, Judith 
came down already showered and dressed. I was surprised at the 
choice of apparel, a black, full length skirt with large yellow 
and violet flowers. The white blouse was buttoned high at the 
collar. The gold loop earrings had been replaced with her 
diamond tacks. For Judith, this was demure, almost prudish, as 
she generally favored clothes that flaunted her ample figure.

After breakfast she told me to change out of my chinos into my 
"whites."

"But that was a party costume." I objected.

"Run along, David. Today is sort of a party and you are my 
houseboy. I want you to look the part." When I returned in 
uniform she looked up from the four cups she had laid out on 
the serving tray. I saw an approving glance. I hoped it meant 
she intended to make all this up to me the way she knows I most 
enjoy.

Precisely at 10:00 the door chimes rang.

"We are from the Membership Committee" announced the tallest of 
the three women when I opened the door. "Ms. Roth is expecting 
us."

I ushered them into the living room and went to call Judith, 
feeling the disapproval in their eyes burning into my back. The 
spokeswoman, besides being tall, was also the most elegant of 
the three, wearing a business suit. Her black hair had a few 
streaks of gray. She appeared in her mid forties but was slim 
and obviously took care of her self. To her right sat a 
younger, shorter, stockier redhead. She was pretty and must 
have been a bombshell before being defused by too many bon-
bons. On the other side was a trim, still younger, oriental 
woman, quite pretty and, though it was almost hidden by her 
conservative dress, quite curvy.

"Good morning and welcome" said Judith when she breezed in and 
took a seat facing them. "I don't believe I have had the 
pleasure. I was expecting a visit from the Membership 
Committee, Harvey Wainwright, Leonard Prude and Timothy Lyons," 
she said pointedly. "How may I help *you.*"

"I'm Estelle Wainwright. This is Ima Prude." Estelle nodded 
toward the chubby redhead, "And this is Noe Tan-Lyons. We were, 
... delegated to speak to you. Our husbands though, in light of 
the topics, we should discuss this among women."

"'Topics we should discuss?'" Judith smiled. "I take it, then, 
this is not a pro forma welcome."

"Hardly, Ms Roth," Estelle replied.

"'Dr.' Roth or Judith, please," Judith replied with a forced 
smile. "May I offer you tea?"

"That really isn't necessary, Dr. Roth. This is not a social 
call."

"Oh, tah! No reason to slight civility. -- David," she called 
me. "Be a dear and serve our guests the tea I laid out."

"Very well, thank you." Estelle acceded. "Dr. Roth you may know 
that your purchase of this condominium remains probationary for 
six months and that the Membership Committee may recommend the 
potential buyers final acceptance be rejected for 'cause.'"

"I am aware of the clause in the contract. I also am aware that 
it is largely a formality."

"It has been used in the past," Estelle replied icily.

"Yes, I believe you revoked the contract of a gentleman who was 
found stockpiling light arms for the Aryan Nation after ATF 
agents raided his apartment."

"The fact remains that several grave impediments have arisen to 
your remaining at Worthy Manor, Dr. Roth."

"The treasurer didn't find any 'impediments' when he cashed my 
check," Judith remarked.

"This is not about money, Dr. Roth. It is about demeanor, 
standards," Estelle sniffed.

"And exactly what is troubling you, if I may ask, before you 
attempt to chuck me out onto the street? Ah, excuse my 
rudeness. Here is our tea. David, sweetie, will you serve."

Ima had been getting increasingly fidgety during the verbal 
swordplay and was relieved to get a chance to speak. "Well 
first, you and that young man!" She glared at me as I poured 
"You have him living here with you and you aren't even 
married!"

"Do you mean Mr. Black? He is my employee," she smiled at me as 
I placed the cups of steaming tea before each woman. "He has 
his private quarters." I almost broke out laughing at Judith's 
deadpan delivery. Yeah, I had a room where I kept my books, my 
weights, and the computer where I wrote naughty stories. I sure 
as Hell had never slept anywhere but in Judith's warm arms.

"But the noises people report!" Ima sputtered, gulping her tea 
nervously.

"And what noises are those?" Judith asked serenely.

"Well, the sounds of, of ... of a woman having ... SEX!" she 
said, hardly able to say the awful word.

"Really?" Judith asked, raising an eyebrow, "And just what does 
a 'woman having sex' sound like?"

"Well, you know, ... crying and moaning." Estelle was frowning, 
seeing that Ima was getting in over her head.

"Oh?" Judith asked innocently, "Are those the noises *you* make 
while 'having sex?'"

"Well of course not! Leonard hasn't been able to get it up 
since ..."

"That's enough Ima," Estelle broke in to rescue the floundering 
Mrs. Prude. "Dr. Roth, your living arrangements are only one of 
the concerns of the committee."

"By all means let me know ALL the committee's concerns," Judith 
replied ironically.

"Well the way you dress. It's positively indecent," Amy spoke. 
"Those skirts, they are inches and inches above the knee. And 
around the pool, you practically go naked."

"I am not the only woman at the pool in a tanga"

"Well, no, but, ... but ... you're ... preg ... uh, ... 
expecting"

"How observant!" Judith smiled. "And what is indecent about 
that?"

"Indecency is in the eye of the beholder," Amy shot back.

"And your husband has been beholding more that you wish, is 
that it?" Judith grinned.

Any was taken aback and took a large sip of the now cooling 
tea.

"You know, of course, that you'll never make anything that 
'flimsy' stand up in court as 'cause.'" Judith said.

"You're awful!" Amy cried. "When Timothy comes in after seeing 
you, he's ... he's ...."

"Thank you, Amy," Estelle interrupted. "There is no need to 
worry about court, Dr. Roth. There is another clause that 
equally makes you ineligible to own part of the condominium: 
your ... 'condition.' The bylaws do not permit families with 
children to purchase. You have only been here three months and 
from the size of that bel ... uh, and it is apparent you must 
have been pregnant when you applied."

"No one asked if I was pregnant." Judith pointed out 
reasonably.

"Well of course not! A woman of your age!" Estelle was barely 
able to control her anger. She drained the tea in exasperation.

"Of my age?" Judith asked. "Why I don't believe I could be 
older than you and *you* are certainly not too old to have 
babies."

"Me? Have a baby!" Estelle could hardly believe her ears.

Judith ignored her. "You know, ladies, this little discussion 
has been unnecessarily confrontational. I'm afraid we don't 
have enough in common to see eye to eye. I'm sure we would get 
along better if you would all just relax. We're all friends 
having a nice little all girl chat. It feels nice and cozy 
here, doesn't it? Of course. When you are totally relaxed and 
your mind isn't putting obstacles in the way, you can all 
learn. You can all experience new things. Isn't that right?

"Yes, we can learn," Ima said woodenly.

"Yes, we can experience new things," droned Any

Estelle stared straight ahead. "What ... have ... you ... done 
... to ... me?" she asked, struggling with herself.

"Just put a little something in the tea to make you more open 
to suggestion, Estelle. Don't worry. It isn't harmful and you 
won't remember a thing. Now just sit still and listen."

"Girls, Estelle has brought up a little rule-y problem that 
can't be solved just among us, we'll have to call an owners' 
assembly to deal with it, but these other little things, they 
are just a matter of perspective, aren't they?"

"Matter of perspective" the three women recited in unison.

"And what does perspective mean? Seeing things from another 
person's point of view. Now take you, Amy. You feel threatened 
by a sexy woman who shows what she's got and enjoys giving the 
boys a kick. You shouldn't. With that dynamite little body of 
yours, you could do the same. And you will. I'll bet Timothy 
has been trying to get you to dress like a woman for years, 
right. Come on, you can tell us."

"Oh, he is such a sexist pig," Amy confessed. "He wants me to 
wear short skirts and high heels and makeup. He gives me 
jewelry and sexy pajamas but I always make him take them back."

"And you'd just love to wear them except ...," Judith coaxed.

"Well, yes, but I can't. If I dressed like that, I'd never get 
his mind off of sex," Amy answered, confused by all the crazy 
thoughts that were swirling around in her head, wondering why 
she WANTED to get her husband's mind off sex..

"Married to a cute little piece of ass like you, dear, what 
else would be on his mind?" Judith asked. "Isn't that the point 
Amy? Don't you want to excite him? Make him want to make love 
to you?"

"But he'd want to every night?" the dazed woman replied.

"Of course, Amy. Night and morning and afternoon, too, if he's 
up to it. But that's exactly want you want. You love sex. You 
need sex. You enjoy flirting and teasing all men, but you 
especially want to get Timothy hot so he will fuck you silly, 
right?"

"Right!" Amy agreed.

"Good. Well, from now on, you are going to make Timothy a happy 
man. This afternoon you will ask him to go to the mall and help 
you pick out some hot new outfits. And won't he be surprised 
when you insist on modeling them all for him. Of course, when 
you two get back here later today and take a little sashay 
around the pool and through the public areas, people are really 
going to admire him for getting a sexy little piece like you to 
go without panties."

"No panties!" Amy grinned "I'm going to be so hot!"

"Indeed you are," Judith smiled. Then she turned to Ima.

"Leonard doesn't fuck you very often any more, right Ima?"

"No," she admitted, looking down.

"Do you think it could be because you've gotten flabby?"

"Maybe."

"Or because you're too conservative at lovemaking? Maybe he has 
gotten tired of having to beg for a blow job. And what is so 
wrong with letting him eat you?"

"But those are such nasty, perverted things. Why no decent 
woman ..."

"You are so right, Ima. But, then, you are not a decent woman. 
Why a decent woman wouldn't have her eye on Gabriel the pool 
boy, would she?"

"But I don't ..."

"You don't go near the pool that you don't check the crotch of 
his Speedos, do you?"

"No," Ima responded, confused by the sudden feeling of 
attraction to the young man she had hardly seen.

"You know, Ima, if you lost a few pounds, started working out a 
little, got in shape, I'll bet you could get Gabriel in bed, 
easy. You'd enjoy that, wouldn't you, Ima," Judith grinned 
conspiratorially.

"Get him to fuck me?" Ima asked, her eyes lighting with lust.

"He'd be an awesome fuck, Ima. He would have you ..."

"Making noises like a woman having sex?" Ima grinned.

"Un huh," Judith agreed. "And when Leonard finds out, well, 
you'll know how to make it up to him."

"Fuck his eyeballs out and let him eat me 'till his tongue 
falls off?" Ima asked.

"Oh, Ima! You're such a clever, nasty girl!" Judith laughed and 
looked over at Estelle.

"Estelle, Estelle. You do have a problem with Harvey, don't 
you?"

"Yes. I had no idea when I married him he was such a 
Neanderthal."

"Oversexed?" Judith asked sympathetically.

"That's not the worst of it. Not a day goes by he doesn't bring 
up having children one way or another. He'd like nothing better 
than to keep me barefoot and pregnant all the time."

"That's terrible, Estelle, good as you'd look in heels." Judith 
smiled.

"That's not what I ..." Estelle stopped as the image popped 
into her head of herself standing before Harvey in nothing but 
a pair of red 5" pumps proudly presenting him with her beach-
ball belly.

"How many children do you think he wants, Estelle?"

"I don't ... er, ... two, maybe three." Estelle knew something 
was very wrong here, but she couldn't figure out what.

"I shouldn't worry about that, Estelle. Once he sees how 
beautiful you are pregnant and finds out how horny it makes 
you, I'll bet he'll knock you up four or five times at least."

"Do you really think so?" Estelle replied excitedly.

"Throw your pills a way and cuddle up to him tonight and ask 
him how soon he thinks he can put the first baby in you. You 
may be pleasantly surprised. And when you need it, I'll 
recommend a great OBGYN."

"Oh, thank you, Judith, thank you," Estelle gushed.

"Don't mention it.

"My, my, how the morning has flown. Don't let me keep you 
unnecessarily, ladies. I know you all have things to do."

All three women nodded enthusiastically. As soon as the door 
closed behind them, Judith collapsed in my arms, laughing. 

Needless to say, amid the tittering over the sexy new Mrs. Tan-
Lyons, the scandal over Ima Prude's affair with the poolboy and 
the shock of Estelle's pregnancy, our purchase of the condo 
sailed through the membership committee without a hitch.


To be continued in Chapter 6: Friends

Comments (please) to: Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com
