The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations where it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or at www.storiesonline.net 

Copyright Halloween 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, Something that came to mind from drinking a boiling cauldron of witches' brew. 
My thanks to Gail for assistance and editing.  E.Z.  


ONE DAY A YEAR

I carried a torch for Keely Bishop.  Picture a blonde goddess.  A Miss America.  A five six, blue
eyed wet dream.  That's Keely. 

She was a year behind me in high school and rarely dated because her parents kept a tight rein on
her activities.  They were rigid fundamentalists who worried she'd discover sex and actually
enjoy it.  When they did let her out of the house, she'd go out with me because our families were
friends and neighbors, and we went to the same church.       

Keely didn't want sex for another reason.  She knew her physical attractiveness was her key to
the good life.  Keely was angling for a rich husband and her virginity was part of the bait.  That
desire and her religious upbringing molded her personality.  She was cold and manipulative, a
self-righteous, hypocritical golddigger with a capital "G." 

"Don't tell me you're neglected, Peter.  Melissa says you're doing her and Heather Ross.  She
tells me you're the best in bed and she should know because she's the biggest slut in school. 
You and I won't have sex because I'm going to marry rich and he'll get me as a virgin."  

She smiled cruelly and patted my hand.  

"After I'm married, we'll have an affair if you keep your mouth shut."

So she was planning to be an adulteress, too.  Not an ideal mate, but all of her faults couldn't
extinguish the flame.      

I was a poor kid going to the university with a full football scholarship and a small academic
scholarship that gave me some spending money.  When Keely entered the university, her parents
remortgaged their house and her mom took a second job to pay for it.  She pledged Pi Phi, the
rich girls' sorority.  Her looks got her the bid.  

Keely intensified her search for a rich man.  We only dated when she felt she could use me to
meet other men.  I never even kissed her.

Keely pledging Pi Phi had an unexpected benefit for me.  One of her pledge sisters was Susan
Sims.    

Susan was five feet tall and small boned, a smiling, intelligent, dyed blonde, browned eyed
hourglass of a woman with a rich daddy.  She'd make someone a great wife, if he could live with
her "rich bitch" streak. 

That someone could've been me, but I dumped her one night.  I left her seething in the parlor of
her sorority house and went to the dorm.  I'd only been in my room a few minutes when there
was a rap on the door.  When I opened it, she stormed into the room.

"You bastard!  Nobody dumps me," she snapped.  

She stood on tip toes to slap me and I made no effort to stop her.  Without speaking, I began
undressing for bed.  She barked and shrieked because my silence made her more furious.  I was
down to my underwear and she was sputtering incoherently when I pulled her against me with
her wrists held tightly at the small of her back.  She was perfectly still except for the pressure of
her breasts against me as she breathed.  Her big brown eyes stared up at me.

"You're one hell of a woman, Susan.  Everything about you is perfect except you're a spoiled
bitch and I won't put up with that.  I guess I could spank you until you behave."

"Touch me and I'll see you in jail!" she squeaked.

"Then what choice do I have except dumping you?"

I let her go, took off my underwear and got in bed.    

"Turn out the light on your way out," I said as I turned my back to her.

"Damn you, Peter Fisher," she screamed.

I didn't respond.  Several minutes later, the light went out, but the door didn't open.  I heard the
rustling of clothes.  When the bed moved, I rolled toward her. 

"Do you want to be mine, Susan?" I asked as she squirmed against me.

"Yes, I do, Pete," she whispered.

"Be a woman and not a bitch," I replied.

"I can be all the woman you'll ever want," she said confidently.

Before she left at dawn, Susan proved she was one hell of a woman in bed.  We dated until the
end of my sophomore year.  By then, it was clear Susan Sims wanted to be Susan Fisher.  
I wanted it, too, but deep in my gut was a small flame for Keely that kept me from popping the
question.  When I didn't ask her to marry me before school recessed for the summer, Susan broke
up with me. 

Susan called me on the first day of classes my junior year.  

"I've got an apartment in Willis House," she said.  "I want to see you.  Could you please come
over?"

When I arrived, she was dressed in a halter and shorts.

"You look great," I said.

"Thanks. Pete, I . . . "

She wrung her hands as her face turned red.  Finally, she looked me in the eye. 

"I'm sorry I broke up with you.  Please take me back.  I love you, Pete," she pleaded. 

I took her back without regrets.  I'd missed her as much as she'd missed me.   

Two weeks later, I broke my foot in a game.  When I hobbled into the cafeteria between the
athletic dorms, a tall, rawboned girl with a shock of unruly red hair smiled at me.  A chill ran
down my spine.  I got my tray and was waiting in line behind Brute Wyzerocek when I realized
she was at my side.

"Hello, Peter Fisher.  I'm Erin Sullivan.  You look like you need some help."

"Thanks.  I do.  How did you know my name?" I asked.

"I know a lot about you," she replied mysteriously. 

"I haven't seen you before."

"I'm a junior college transfer."

"What sport?"

"Volleyball."

"Get your ass out of the way, Fisher," Alabaster Black snarled from behind us.

Erin helped me with my tray as we sat at a table where we could talk.  She was interesting and
intelligent, with big green eyes that flashed mischievously from a sea of freckles.  After dinner,
we went back to my room. We talked for another hour or so before she left for her own room in
the girls' dorm.  

I called Susan, who came over and spent most of the night.       

The next night, Erin and I ate together again before going back to my room.  When I closed the
door behind us, I took her into my arms.  She came willingly, warmly returning my kiss as her
body pressed into mine.  I felt the hardness of her muscles under my hands and the softness of
her breasts against me.

"What about your girlfriend?" she asked with a twinkle in her eyes. 

"How did you know about her?"

"I told you.  I know a lot about you. One thing I don't know - are you man enough to handle two
women?"

"Sure," I replied smugly.

"Let's go to my room so your girlfriend won't know another woman's been here."

Erin was tall, long legged, and muscular.  Susan was short and soft.  Erin was an athletic
challenge.  Susan was giving.  Two delightful women so different and yet both damn good in
bed.   

I successfully juggled the two of them into October.  Erin made it easy.  

"I'm not interested in being your wife, Peter.  I just want to fuck you," she said.  

Sometimes I thought there was more to her feelings than she let on, but I didn't ask.  I didn't
need to ask with Susan.  She wanted a ring on her finger and I was close to giving her one.  

I saw Keely at the Pi Phi house from time to time.  She was "almost engaged" to Trimble B.
Tomlinson IV, who was the heir to a considerable fortune.  He was a snooty little guy with as
much personality as a door knob, but he met her criteria.             

Susan and I were going to the Pi Phi Halloween party.  

I rented a Hercules costume that was two pieces of leather hung from a leather thong around my
waist, leather underwear like a Speedo swimsuit, and leather sandals with straps that came up my
calves.  Susan was going as Xena.  Her costume, like Xena's, was a leather corset that narrowed
the middle and accentuated above and below.  She looked delicious.   

We'd only been at the Pi Phi party an hour when she said, "Pete, this is boring.  A friend of mine
invited us to another party out in the woods.  Let's do it."

"Who invited us?"

"A girl I don't think you know."

"Who?"

"Erin Sullivan."

My heart stopped and when it started again, Susan was staring at me.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"Nothing.  Let's go," I replied. 

The drive was forty minutes.  Susan and I talked about Christmas when I was going home with
her.  We both knew I'd pop the question then.  We talked about the upcoming games and
Homecoming, about this and that.  What we didn't talk about was Erin Sullivan.  When I asked
questions, she gave short answers and no information worth knowing.     

"How the hell did Susan know Erin" was the question driving me crazy.

Susan knew exactly where we were going. "Turn here.  Now watch for a jack-o-lantern on a
fence post."  

We stopped deep in the woods and parked with other cars.  When I opened the door, smells of
pine and the mustiness of a fire wafted to me.  The crunch of the underbrush when I took a step,
the goose bumps on my skin from the cold, the hoot of the owl from a tree, were indelibly
stamped on my brain.  The stars were bright and the moon was a full yellow ball overhead. 
Through the dense foliage, I could see a flame flickering and hear the crackle of the fire.   

"Isn't this a great spot for a Halloween party?" Susan said as hugged my arm to her.  "It's spooky
out here." 

We'd taken a few steps when Susan whispered, "Shhh.  Listen."

From the brush to our left came a familiar noise.

"Someone's getting laid," I whispered.

"Two someones," she giggled. 

We stumbled to the edge of a clearing.  In the middle was a fire surrounded by a ring about four
feet in diameter.  The ring was made of stones as big as cantaloupes.  The fire crackled and
popped as its flames rose to chest height.  Next to it was a stone slab like an altar.  It was about
three feet above the ground and covered with animal furs.  

The small crowd around the fire stopped talking when we appeared.  I heard a woman groan in
orgasm in the dark of the woods.  

A man and woman walked toward us.  The man was tall and lean, with a bald head and piercing
black eyes.  The woman looked like Erin, but older.  She wore a black cape that covered her from
neck to calf.  Boots covered her feet and their square high heels made her tower over us.  Thigh
length flaming red hair billowed around her.  Her face made my cock rise and throb.  This was a
beautiful and sexual woman, a formidable woman.  A woman like one in a million.           

"Hello, Flanna," Susan said brightly. 

"Hello, Susan," the woman said.  "Introduce me to your man."

Flanna took my hand as Susan made the introduction.  Her eyes held mine and I felt an electrical
charge pass through me.  My cock ached against the confines of the leather Speedo. 

"Hello, Peter," she said in throaty, near growl.  "I've heard a lot about you."

She introduced the man as Fergus. 

"Have a drink," he said, handing Susan and me each an earthenware chalice filled with a dark
liquid. 

"It's good.  What is it?" Susan asked. 

"Drink up," Fergus ordered. 

Susan raised the glass to her lips again.  When she started to lower it, Fergus held it in place.  Her
eyes were huge and compliant as she obediently swallowed it all. 

"What is it?" I asked.

"An aphrodisiac," Flanna replied. "Drink yours."

"He doesn't need one, Mother."

Erin was at my elbow.  She kissed me like I'd kiss a woman to subdue her, with power and a
hand behind the neck.  Her hand was under the tunic tugging down the leather covering my cock. 
From behind, Flanna yanked the leather down.  I felt her breasts against my back as she wrapped
her fingers around my cock and cupped my balls with her other hand. 

"Nice," she whispered as she stroked me.        

From the back of my sex crazed mind came the warning that something was strange in my
surrendering to them.  I'd always been the dominant partner.  This time, I somehow knew I was
to obey Erin and follow her lead.

I did expect a shriek from Susan when Erin kissed me because Susan's a jealous woman, but she
was silent.  When Erin broke the kiss, Susan was in Fergus' arms being kissed as I'd been.  

When I recoiled with a pang of jealousy, Erin dug her nails into my arm and whispered, "It's all
right, Peter.  Be compliant and trust me."

Susan's eyes were dilated and she sighed when Fergus released her.  

"Come to me," Erin said to her.  Susan stepped into Erin's arms and was kissed again, as her
arms hung loosely by her side and Erin bent her body backward.

"Have you told Peter we're lovers?" Erin said to Susan.

Susan giggled and shook her head.

"Well, tell him."

"Erin and I are lovers," Susan said.  Her eyes shone with excitement.  "I'd never made it with
another woman before, but Erin taught me how much fun it is.  You don't mind, do you, honey? 
It makes me hotter for you."

Erin's eyes twinkled when I glanced at her.   

"No.  I don't mind," I said.

"Pete, I need fucking like I've never needed it.  Now.  Please," Susan whimpered. 

"She's going to fuck as many as want her, Peter," Erin said.  "Undress her for them."

Susan and I'd discussed fidelity.  I hinted I wanted her to be faithful, but that I might play around. 
She'd smiled like a bear.  "You'll be faithful, too," she'd said, "or, I'll cut off your nuts and fry
them for dinner."  

The voice in the back of my head was screaming "don't do it," but I undressed Susan as she
squirmed in sexual need.  My wife to be, who was a relatively modest lady, showed no hint of
embarrassment.  Her nipples were hard and a light red tinged the skin of her upper chest.  The
aphrodisiac was working in her.    

Fergus removed his cape, which was all he wore, and lay it on the ground.  Susan giggled,
grabbed his erection, and lay back, pulling him into her.  I was mesmerized as she eagerly fucked
him at my feet. 

"Peter," Erin said, touching me to get my attention.  "This is our night.  Mine and my family's. 
I'm to be impregnated and I've chosen you to do it."

"I think you should cast another spell on him," Flanna said. 

A spell?  Flanna said another spell. Good God, was that what was making this happen?  

"No, Mother.  Peter'll be fine.  He's like I want him," Erin replied. 

"Father your children?" I asked.  

"Yes, Peter.  Tonight's our ritual mating.  There.  On the altar."

Visions of Rosemary's Baby flashed in my mind. 

"We'll have beautiful and special children, Peter," Erin said as if reading my thoughts.  "I'm the
child of a human and a witch.  Is there something grotesque about me?"

"No.  You're a beautiful woman."

"Harder, Fergus.  Harder!" Susan barked. 

"This is unreal," I muttered. 

"It's Halloween, Peter.  Our night. A night of revelry.  A night of celebration and renewal.  Look
around you.  Hear the noises.  Smell the smells."

"Oh, God, I'm cumming," Susan moaned. Her knees were by her ears as Fergus slammed deep
into her and grunted.

"Over there," Erin said, drawing my attention to another couple.  "And there," she added,
pointing to others on the edge of the clearing.

Fergus stumbled to his feet and pulled Susan up with him.  She was weak kneed and clung to him
for support. 

Erin's eyes burned into me. 

"When did you cast a spell on me?" I asked.

"The first night we were together."

"I don't remember."

"No.  That's part of the spell.  Susan doesn't remember the spell I put on her.  She does
remember making love to me and how she enjoyed it.  She remembers being commanded not to
tell you about us without permission.  And she remembers to obey."

"Will she remember this night?"

"Do you mean will she remember what a slut she was and how much she enjoyed it?  How much
she liked being unfettered rather than being your woman?" 

"Yes."

"What she remembers and how she acts in the future will depend on the spell I cast after the
night's over.  You're not under a spell now, Peter.  You're free to walk away.  What do you want
to do?"

I knew she was telling the truth - the decision was mine.  I didn't fear Erin or her witch's powers. 
There was something special between us.  

Seamus, a short man built like a fireplug, pulled Susan away from Fergus and pushed her to her
knees.  Eagerly, she sucked his cock, groaning with desire as she did.  Flanna and Fergus were a
pace away, watching Erin and me intently.

"I want you.  I want to fuck you."  I grinned.  "I want to see you waddling around with my child,
Erin Sullivan."

Erin threw her arms around me.  As we hugged, I heard Susan begging Seamus to fuck her. 

Fergus stepped to a nearby tree and thrashed it twice with a dead branch.  It sounded hollow, like
a drum.  People began to gather around the fire.   

Fergus struck the tree twice again.  More people gathered from the dark of the forest's
undergrowth to sit or stand facing the fire and its fur-covered altar.       
 
Erin's voice was joyful as she whispered in my ear. 

"Our traditions are old, from the days before the Romans walked the land of the Celts.  You are
man and I am as a woman.  You're to take me forcibly, dragging me to your bed of furs to put
your seed in my womb.  I'm to resist you, to fight for my honor, before surrendering to you.  Oh,
Peter Fisher, if I were a woman, I'd claw and scratch to be your woman, but I'm one of the others
you call a witch. You and I cannot be as one, but I'll bear your children with pride."

She shoved me away and slapped me hard.  The sound rang in my ears and my face stung from
the blow.  

All human sounds ceased.  Only nature talked.  The fire crackled.  The trees moaned in the wind. 
An owl hooted in the dark of night.  Something scurried through the brush in the edge of light
under the trees. 

They were watching us, all of them, even Susan as she reclined in her afterglow.  They were
watching without moving or making a sound.  The owl hooted again.

"To take me forcibly," she'd said.  

Haughtily, Erin swayed just out of reach.  Her hips thrust toward me.  Her eyes shown in the
light.  I stepped toward her and she jumped back, laughing at my attempt to capture her.  

My body ached for her.  I wanted to charge after her, but I knew what had to be done.   

I froze like a statue, with my eyes on Flanna.  One side of me was hot from the fire and sweat
beaded on that skin.  My other side was cold from the night and dotted with goose bumps.  

Hot and cold.  Wanting and not taking.  Action and inaction.  My world and their world.

I waited.  Erin taunted me, dancing nearby, questioning my manhood, her anger growing from
my inaction. As her anger grew, her caution diminished.  Closer and closer she came, yet I didn't
move to grab her.

Flanna's eyes were twinkling as she walked toward me.  I wondered if she'd guessed my plan,
but when I seized her, she tried to jerk away.  I kissed her hard and held her body against me. 

"Damn you, Peter!" Erin screamed.  "You're supposed to capture me!"

Erin's nails raked my shoulder leaving trails of blood as she yanked me away from her mother.  

I moved and had her.  Arm behind her back, twisted painfully upward.  Hand in her red hair.  I
slammed her stomach hard against the altar to knock her breath away.  She was stunned.  I forced
her to her knees and wrapped my hand over her mouth and nose.  I held her until she slumped
unconscious on the ground. 

The others didn't move to stop me.  I wondered if spells would be cast, potions thrown in my
face, as I took one of theirs, but the witches' rules of conquest must've allowed for force.  

I stripped Erin and lay her inert body on the furs.  I removed my costume.  With the thong of the
costume's belt, I tied Erin's hands over her head and attached them to one of the altar's stone
supports.  A male witch murmured approval from the crowd.  I climbed on the altar and between
her legs.  She moaned as she awakened to find me lodged at her entrance.

Erin's magnificent, a powerful, beautiful woman aroused to her peak.  She cursed and begged in
English and in her old tongue I couldn't understand as she squirmed and thrust against me.   I'd
never experienced the intensity of that fuck, a fuck that brought her repeated orgasms until I
couldn't hold back any longer. 

My scream reverberated in my ears.  My body was rigid as I emptied myself and collapsed on
her.  

Hands were on us.  Wiping away the sweat.  Releasing her bound wrists.  Covering us in the
warmth of the furs.  Someone helped me stand and pressed a tankard of ale in my hand.  The men
slapped my back and told me well done.  

Flanna took my head in her hands and kissed me. 

"You were magnificent, Peter.  You and I will war, but on some other day," she said.  

I slumped against a rock near the fire, too exhausted to move.  Erin curled in the crook of my
arm, her head on my shoulder and hand on my chest.  Susan scurried to me with a plate of rare
meat and another tankard.  Kneeling across my leg with her bare pussy resting against it, she fed
me with her fingers.  As I looked at the cum on her and her swollen lips, I knew her being with
all of them was not an issue.   Susan would become my wife, for I saw the love for me in her
eyes.  

"Are you jealous of Erin and me, Susan?" I asked.

"Of course not.  I'd enjoyed watching you with her."     

There we rested until Erin said, "Now for the entertainment of the evening."

"I thought that was us," I said.

"No."

"What is it?" Susan asked.

"They're going to deflower a virgin.  They captured her at the university using a spell, but she
won't be under a spell when they take her.  She'll know what's happening to her.  They'll all
have her before the night's over.  Watch.  You'll see."

"Is that what happened to you?" I asked.

"No.  After my first period, I selected Fergus to take me for the first time.  Since then I've had
sex with as many males as I wanted."

"And you never got pregnant?"  I said.

"Male witches are well endowed and virile, but they're sterile.  That's why we must mate with
men, Peter," she replied.  "And if we mate on Halloween, the blessings of our gods assure
offspring."   

The fire hissed and flared as two men added a heavy log to it.  Susan's hips began to move,
rubbing her pussy against my leg. 

"Pete," she whispered.  "I need to be fucked."

"Susan," Erin said.  "You'll wait until the ceremony's over.  Then you'll seek as many men as
you can."

"Yes, Erin," Susan replied.

"The virgin they've chosen is Keely.  Don't react, Peter.  Just watch," Erin whispered in my ear.

Fergus struck the tree four times.  The crowd formed a circle near the edge of the clearing.  They
held hands and faced the fire.  Seamus, Fergus, and two other men gathered around the hollow
tree.  They began chanting in the old tongue and the crowd joined in the chant. 

The chanting ceased.  Fergus stroked the bark of the tree and it parted under his touch.  

Keely stepped out to take his hand and follow as he guided her to the altar.  She was naked
except for a wreath of vines around one ankle and sheaves of wheat braided in her hair.  Her
body seemed relaxed and she made no move to get away, silently complying with his guidance,
but her eyes were terrified by her predicament. 

She knelt on the furs that had borne my weight when I impregnated Erin.  Her legs were
wantonly spread.  

"Drink," Fergus commanded, holding a wooden chalice to her lips.  

It was the aphrodisiac and we could see it working in her.  Keely fought her own desires, but the
potion was stronger and slowly she began to give in.    

Sweat broke out on Keely's breasts and she moaned.  She shook her head.  Slowly, her hands
cupped her breasts.  She tweaked her nipples and pulled on them.  Her hips thrust.  A hand
slipped between her legs.   

Flanna left the circle to stand at the end of the altar facing Keely.

"Please make it stop.  I'm a virgin.  I'm engaged to be married," Keely begged.

Flanna was silent.  Keely's finger rose to her mouth and she sucked away her own juice.

"Please.  I'm begging.  Please don't do this to me."

Again, Flanna was silent.  Keely's hand slipped between her legs.  Her finger flew on her pussy
lips and her hips thrust against her hand.  Her face reddened as orgasm neared, but she gained no
relief.   Tears of frustration flowed to fall on her breasts. 

"Are you ready?" Flanna asked in a cool, commanding tone.

"Yes, damn you.  Yes," Keely hissed.

"Pick the man you wish to be your first."

Keely could barely walk. One hand was between her legs, the other massaged a breast, as she
hobbled from man to man, staring into their faces as she sought some sign.  Her need was
palatable.  Her eyes were resigned to her fate.  When she stopped in front of me, I looked away.

"Peter?" she whispered.  "Peter, please look at me."

My eyes met hers. 

"Be my first, Peter.  Please."

Flanna moved beside her.

"Is he your choice?" she asked.

"Yes," Keely answered.

As Flanna guided Keely back to the furred altar, Erin took my hand.

"Make her beg, Peter.  Make her wait as long as you can before you take her," Erin said to me. 

I'd wanted Keely Bishop since I was in junior high school.  I'd ached as I masturbated thinking
of her.  I'd closed my eyes to see her face while fucking other women.  One reason I knew Susan
was a special woman was I'd never thought of Keely while I was with her.  I realized I never
thought of Keely while I was with Erin either.  

Now, Keely lay moaning and waiting for me to take her.  When I walked to the edge of the altar,
she brought her knees to her breasts.  Her pussy was swollen and wet.

"Please, fuck me.  Oh, God, please, Peter.  I need you in me," she whimpered. 

I climbed between her legs, but I made her wait until she pummeled me with her fists and
babbled hysterically.  Then I drove my cock deep into her with one strong thrust. 

I had sex with two other women after that before laying depleted against a tree to watch the orgy
in progress.  Both Keely and Susan gave and received pleasure from many men that night.  

Flanna was naked and her body covered in sweat and love juices when she lay down next to me. 
Erin covered us with furs and lay down with us.  I slept between them.       

In the morning, Flanna awakened me by stroking my cock.  Erin watched as Flanna and I humped
under the furs until Flanna and I came.
  
"Drink this," Erin said.  

I sipped down the potion and my eyes closed in sleep.

I awakened in my room at the dorm with no idea of how I got there.  There was a note pinned to
the door from the football coach asking where I was Saturday and why I'd missed the game, even
though I wouldn't've dressed out because my foot wasn't healed.   It was Sunday morning. 

I called Susan, Keely and Erin, but none of them answered.  I ate lunch in the cafeteria, enduring
the verbal jabs from my teammates about why I missed the game.  I told coach I was drunk. 
He'd never understand if I told the truth.  I wasn't sure I understood. 

When I got back to my room, there was a message on the machine from Susan saying she wasn't
at home, but to come to her apartment for dinner at six. 

I lay down for a nap.  About an hour later, there was a knock on the door. 

"Hello, Peter," Erin said softly. 

"Come in."

"How are you?"

"All right, I think.  Look, Erin, I need to know what's going to happen."

"With what?"

"With my life.  With everything."

"What do you want to happen?" she asked. 

"I still want to marry Susan.  Well, I do if she's what she was before this weekend.  Hell, I . . . "

"Do you want both of them?" she said, interrupting me.  Her eyes twinkled. 

"Both?"

"Yes.  Susan as a wife and Keely as a second wife, or, maybe, a pet."

"They'd never agree."

"They'd agree if I cast spells on them."

"Erin, I find it hard to believe, to understand."

"I know you do, but it's possible."

"Yes, I'd like that."

"Peter, if I do it, there'd be a catch."

"What?"

"Every Halloween, the two of them would be as they were this weekend.  We'd give them the
aphrodisiacs and turn them over to the men of the coven.  They won't remember a thing about it,
so don't worry about that."

"Anything else?"

"I want three children, Peter, and I want you to father all of them."  She grinned.  "Anyway, I
enjoy fucking you and I want you to agree to be with me when I ask.  Without a spell."

"I'd do that even if you did nothing for me," I replied. 

"On Halloween, you'll belong to me, Peter.  I'll cast my spell on you and make you mine."

She smiled and stood up.  

"I'll see you tonight at Susan's for dinner," she said. 

"Thank you, Erin," I said.

"For what?"

"For all of it."

"You're welcome, Peter," she said lovingly.

When I arrived at six, Susan answered the door, threw her arms around me, and kissed me
heartily, as she always had.  

Erin and Keely were on the couch.  Each of them greeted me as warmly.  The surprise was Keely. 
She was warm and sweet, looking at me with love, a submissive, obedient love. 

"Pete, we need to talk," Susan said.  "Are you going to ask me to marry you?"

"Yes, I am."

"Oh, Pete, the answer's yes, but . . .  can we both still have a relationship with Erin?  She told me
about you two."

"Yes, we can."

"And can we both have a relationship with Keely?  We've talked Peter.  I know you want her and
she wants you.  It's all right with me if she moves in with us and sortof becomes a second wife to
you.  That is, it's all right if the first wife and second wife can enjoy each other."

"What would you like, Keely?" I asked.

"Whatever you want of me, Peter," she replied.

"Then let's do it!"

We ate Chinese food and talked. After Erin left, I led the two of them into the bedroom.  As I
crawled between them in bed, I reflected on the situation.  

Two eager and loving women all the time in exchange for being under witches' spells on
Halloween wasn't a bad deal.  After all, Halloween's only one day a year.

The End

Please!  Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or www.storiesonline.net 





              
    



          



               
            
                 

                 



