Slave-driver though he could undoubtedly be, Richard was not stupid. He knew well enough that a repeat of yesterday’s hard labour would result in a grouchy - even if not successful - mutiny. Today, work was to be general farm duties; which meant feeding the animals, doing some mucking out, collecting a few eggs and maybe chasing away the crows from the freshly-sown fields. All in all, the guys knew that they’d been given the equivalent of time off for good behaviour.

Richard let them go once the sun hit the horizon, but Lister declined the offer to join the group for a drink at Jason’s. He hadn’t forgotten his promise to Rimmer that he would get rid of some of the paper swamping their place. After a quick supper, he set off with his arms full to put some of it back.

Over the weeks he’d developed a sense of how things had been filed here in ‘The Paperwork Hut’; which was – basically – that they hadn’t been. People had just dumped piles of registers, files, records and even receipts here whenever they’d needed to make some space somewhere else, without much thought for anyone who might one day want to find them again. You might find a wadge of stuff from one particular year all together, but it would be sandwiched between things dating hundreds of years apart.

Generally, the stuff from the Epsilon tended to be near the bottom of the piles, simply because it dated back the furthest; which meant that Lister often spent at least the first twenty minutes of any time he was here just digging through to find the right layer of paper.

He’d set up a small desk and chair for himself so that he could do the bulk of any reading in situ without having to drag more of the stuff home and annoying Rimmer. Once he’d got the torches along the wall lit up and blazing, he settled down for a long search.

It turned out to be a lot longer than he’d anticipated. In fact, he was still pouring over piles of yellowing paper by the time 12:30 rolled around. He’d found a stack of files containing information that looked like it could be relevant to the ‘Dwarf; but no matter how hard he looked, he couldn’t find a direct link anywhere that would prove it. A mention of Holly or of the captain, smeg, even some dates would have helped, but he couldn’t pin anything down.

The torches were getting low now and he could barely see the text anymore in their fading light. He picked up a sheaf of papers he’d put to one side and had a brief glance through them, but his heart wasn’t in it. He just wasn’t capable, physically or mentally, of reading anything else tonight. He stood up to stretch and felt his back click slightly as his spine straightened out. He’d been hunched over this crap far too long. It was time to call it a night.

“Dave?” He spun round in alarm at the sound of his name and saw a figure in the doorway, silhouetted against the communal fire outside. The flickering light made it impossible to make out his face.

The man stepped forward into the hut, and into what remained of the torchlight. Lister let out a relieved sigh, “Jason! You scared me half to death, man!”

“Sorry,” he half-smiled, “Were you expecting someone else?”

“I wasn’t expecting anyone. That’s why you scared me. What the hell time is it?”

“Late. Adam’s passed out drunk in my bed and he won’t stop snoring, so I thought I’d go for a walk. Then I saw the light on in here...” Lister gave a brief nod, indicating he didn’t need to explain.

In truth, his initial relief that it was only Jason and not anything scarier that had crept up on him was starting to fade; and was being replaced by the more familiar feelings of slight awkwardness he always seemed to get when he was around.

He glanced down the front of the open shirt Jason must have thrown on when he came out and, as always, found himself gazing in astonishment at the perfectly flat muscularity of his stomach. Quickly, he made himself look up again and their eyes met. He felt his cheeks start to burn as he realised Jason had seen him looking. How humiliating.

He heard the soft sound of footsteps on the bare earth and risked looking up and making eye-contact again. Jason was standing right in front of him. His closeness might have felt threatening, but his expression, though serious, wasn’t hostile. He reached out and touched the pendant at Lister’s throat. “This always looks best in firelight, I think,” he said softly. Lister said nothing. He wasn’t sure what to say, or what to make of this turn of events. Jason was making no move to attack him, or harm him in any way, but for some reason all his nerves were on edge; his heart was beating faster than it should have been.

He was so tense, that when he felt the first light touch on his hand, he actually jumped. “It’s okay,” Jason whispered. Lister looked down and saw that he was carefully sliding the papers that he still held loosely in his hand out of his grasp. He set them down carefully on the desk. Then, very gently, he took Lister’s hand again. And lay it flat against his stomach.

Lister drew in a deep breath. He couldn’t move. He couldn’t speak. His ears were ringing. He couldn’t quite work out what was happening here. What was happening to him. He stared at his hand, at the sight of his skin against Jason’s and it seemed like some surreal dream; as if reality had twisted like a roller coaster track beneath his feet while he wasn’t looking.

“It’s okay,” Jason whispered again, his hand caressing Lister’s, holding it against him. “Touch me. Feel me.”

As if in a trance, Lister trailed his fingers across his skin. He felt muscles tighten and flex beneath the surface. He’d never felt anything quite like it before. It was...fascinating....

Absorbed in his timid exploration, he didn’t notice Jason’s hand moving. In fact, he didn’t notice it until it was pressed very firmly, and with some expertise, between his legs. Suddenly reality came flooding back. Suddenly he realised what he was doing, what they were both doing; and that he had a very, very hard erection that had woken up right about the time Jason had touched his throat.

His head snapped up to look Jason in the face, but before he could say anything - before he could even draw the breath to speak – Jason’s lips were on his, Jason’s body was on his; and they were pressed tight against one another. He felt Jason grab his hips, rubbing their hard-ons together firmly through the straining material of their jeans. The sensation made him groan helplessly against Jason’s mouth; and Jason took the opportunity to dart his tongue between his lips.

The kiss seemed to last a lifetime. It was rough, it was gentle, it was tender, it was passionate; it was all consuming.

It was Lister who eventually pulled away first, gasping for air. “Jason...Jason, no...! Stop!” 

“Don’t say that,” Jason begged breathlessly, “I know you don’t mean it. I’ve seen the way you look at me. I know you’ve been wanting this. And I want you. I wanted you ever since that first day we spoke in the fields when you were so shy and embarrassed about everything. So don’t say that. Don’t say anything. No words now. Just you and me. Just this...” He pulled him into another kiss.

Lister felt like his head was on fire. Feelings and emotions were exploding all over his brain like a firework display and the sparks were obscuring all rational thought. He was making out with Jason. He was doing something wrong and awful and traitorous...and something he’d been fantasising about for months. He hadn’t wanted to admit it; he’d tried telling himself that he only saw Jason as a friend; that the only reason he always seemed to catch himself gazing at that tanned, toned body was because he was jealous of it. But as soon as they’d touched, as soon as he’d felt that incredible body pressed against his, something inside had snapped and rebelled; and he was powerless to stop. His will had broken, and he couldn’t pretend anymore; even to himself. He had to face the truth. As much as he hated himself for it, Jason drove him crazy. 

Jason’s mouth was on his neck, moving ever downwards as his hands pulled open Lister’s shirt with an eagerness that was almost feverish. He sank down onto his knees, his lips tracing their way down his chest and stomach, his arms snaking around his hips to pull him closer; to trap him in a serpent’s embrace. Lister forced himself to think of Rimmer. He’d be waiting for him at home; lying in their bed wondering when he was coming back, whether he’d found anything interesting. He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t betray him this way.

He could feel Jason’s hands on his ass, squeezing and caressing, moving up now beneath his shirt to push the material back and bare more of his skin to his roving tongue. With a great effort, Lister curled his fingers into his hair and tried to move his head back, “No...Jason, we can’t...We can’t...”

“It’s okay,” Jason murmured quickly, holding him tighter, his lips still exploring, “It will be okay, just relax, just go with it and everything will be alright...”

“Jason...”

He almost gave in. He might have taken the advice and let himself go; relaxed, said to hell with it and dealt with the consequences later. He might very well have done that.

If he hadn’t suddenly felt Jason’s tongue curl over the tender, sensitive skin of his scars. 

He drew in a sharp, shocked breath and, before he’d even realised it, he’d grabbed Jason’s shoulders and shoved him away hard. Without stopping to look back, he bolted from the room, only vaguely hearing Jason shout his name as he fled.