Baring It All
by Saphhia

Samantha is an exhibitionist with a penchant for the woods.

Baring It All Ch. 01

There was no one around. I could see the trail disappear in both directions. I had parked some five-hundred yards down the entrance road to the park, and slipped through the thick pine scrub to find the trail I knew was there. I could still see the red glint of the fender through the trees.

It was hot, probably close to ninety degrees, and I just couldn't wait to get out of my clothes. I could feel the moisture between my thighs as I slowly stripped out of my top, folding it neatly and setting it on a mossy knoll. Next were the shorts. I never bothered with underwear on these trips, so except for the flip-flops, I was naked.

I found the small outcropping of rocks that was just off the trail, and carefully placed my clothes in a convenient hollow in the rock. I broke off a small pine frond and covered them. They were completely invisible, my nakedness was not. But then that was the whole point, to be naked with the very real possibility of being exposed to anyone who might come along.

I think my penchant for exhibitionism started way back, when my mother had inadvertently exposed me in a department store. Even though I was now twenty-three, that seed had grown into a full blown fetish, one that I was powerless to control.

Back on the trail, I scurried away from my clothes, and any hope of modesty. This activity was becoming more and more a part of my weekend routine. I would deliberately refrain from masturbating in the morning, as was my usual wake-up during the week. This would heighten my arousal and act as a lubricant for my mind as I stripped out of my clothes. Were I sexually sated, the risk might seem too great.

Suddenly, the thongs were even too much, so I folded them into one another, and deposited them behind a log that bordered the trail. The warm pine straw felt soft and pliable under my bare feet now as I walked farther and farther from my clothes.

The fork to the right dropped into the ravine and the creek which meandered through the park. The possibility of running into people was much great by the water, but the idea of skinny dipping in the cool stream was too tempting. I took the fork trail.

I was only a few minutes down this trail, when I heard voices coming from the woods ahead of me. I quickly ducked behind a group of small pines. They were small enough that I had to kneel to be hidden.

My fingers explored between my legs, parting my moist lips as the group of boys came closer. There were three of them, all much younger than me, maybe eighteen or nineteen. I tried to imagine what they might do if they knew there was a naked girl ten feet away from them as they passed.

I was, what most people would consider attractive. I had a slim build and long blonde hair that lightened considerably during the summer. My breasts were not large, but well-proportioned to my frame. I knew this, and also knew that were I discovered by anyone with less than noble intentions, things could go very badly for me.

Edging was all a part of my naked adventures. I discovered very early on, that should I have an orgasm, it was always straight back to my clothes, the excitement gone and risk too great. I mean it wasn't like I was a goon or something, stuck in front of some computer monitor scoping porn. But, keeping myself in a constant state of arousal while naked and far from my clothes was how I maintained my sanity, as it were.

The strange thing about my little quirk, I relished the close calls, the ones where I was certain I was going to be caught, only to escape exposure at the last second by some twist of fate.

I could hear the water now, and I was looking forward to easing into the cool stream, allowing the current to flow around my naked body. As I came to the edge of the woods, I scanned the creek bed for anyone that might have been hanging around. The coast was clear.

I was pretty good at staying on the flat rocks as I negotiated my path to the water's edge. As my feet were bare now, stepping on sharp cobbles was painful, and a buzz kill. The water was every bit as refreshing as I knew it would be, and as I got deeper into the middle I could feel the current start to flow around me.

Once I was in, the thrill of being caught was tempered by the fact that I was concealed by the water. Of course, that was before I managed to get into some current that was more than I could handle.

Even though the water was only to my waist, it was flowing fast enough that I could not seem to get my feet planted in the bottom. I was slowly being carried downstream and into unknown territory.

For a few minutes, the idea of being moved against my will was exciting. The banks of the stream started to look unfamiliar, and the chance of floating into a group of people was starting to seem almost inevitable.

Every time I would try and move out of the current, the water would spin me back to the middle and I would be carried even farther downstream. I knew from the map that there weren't any waterfalls on this part of the creek, so that wasn't on my mind. What very quickly was at the forefront were the loud voices and shouts from ahead of me.

There was no escaping this time. I was going to be caught and there was absolutely nothing I could do about it. As the stream carried around a bend close to an embankment, I was suddenly surrounded by people. I'm not talking about four or five, I mean there must have been twenty. They all stared at me as I floated through them, men and women alike.

"She's stuck in the current, guys!" One of them finally shouted. Suddenly everyone's attention was on me and before I knew what was happening I was hauled out of the water and onto the bank. Strangely, the fact that I was stark naked wasn't lost on anyone.

I did my best to curl into a ball, trying to hide from the glaring eyes of the men. I needed to explain why I was naked and make it plausible. "I lost my suit in the current! Stop staring at me." I cried.

Finally, one of the women approached with a towel, wrapping it around my shoulders. It didn't cover much, but it was better than nothing. "Thank you." I sighed.

"Are you okay?" The girl asked. She seemed to be the only one showing any concern for my wellbeing, and was about my age. The rest seemed either amused, or busy trying to catch a glimpse of my pussy, which at the time, was as bald as a coot.

There I was, naked and exposed to a bunch of people, and the inevitable happened. I started to become extremely excited. I don't think it was immediately evident, as I was still sitting on a ledge next to the water, dripping wet. As soon as I started to dry off it was going to be painfully obvious that I was more than a little moist between my thighs.

This was all exemplified by the sudden curiosity of the men in the group. "Where did I lose my swimsuit? What was my name? How old am I, etc." It was humiliating, and therefore drove my arousal into the stratosphere.

I looked up at the girl who had offered me the towel, who had backed away with the advance of the men. "Can I keep this?" I asked her. She just nodded, and turned away as the men continued their attention. I had to get out of there before I got into serious trouble.

As I stood up, it was obvious that the small towel barely covered my breasts and pussy. I did the wrap, knowing full well that my hairless mound was on full display. I knew I heard more than one of the men commenting on the fact that I was shaved down there as I slowly made my way back upstream along the bank. There were a couple of them that followed, and I worried that once away from the main group they might try something a little more aggressive.

Eventually, I was on my own and did manage to find my way back to the trail where I first encountered the stream. I wanted to bring myself off in the worst way, but knew that I had at least a mile of trail to traverse before I reached my clothes. I settled for a few strokes of the clit, keeping my senses on edge for the moment.

I had had a narrow escape from what could have been serious trouble, and still, the exhibitionist in me wasn't satisfied. I left the towel on the bank of the stream and headed into the woods along the trail, naked once again. I could feel the cool of my juices evaporating on the inside of my thighs as I walked, anyone walking behind me would certainly get a whiff of my heady scent. Of course, my head was swimming enough that I hadn't noticed.

"You smell that, Jimmy?" I heard behind me, my heart jumping in my chest.

"What happened to the towel? Looks like that sweet little body of yours just hates clothes, huh?" Jimmy joked, elbowing his friend in the ribs.

It was the two men who had followed me for a while back at the stream. Apparently, they hadn't returned to their group as I had surmised. For a moment I considered running, but I knew with my bare feet, I would never escape them and might even piss them off. "Boys. What do you want?" I asked, thinking that confronting them with what they were planning to do might deter them.

"A little bit of that might be nice." The one man said, pointing between my legs at my pussy, which was still streaming down the inside of my legs. "Why don't you just head that way. What did you say your name was?"

"I didn't. I'd rather stay on the trail. Listen, guys, you don't want to do this." I tried to reason.

"Well, I think it's fairly obvious that you do. That's what we were smelling, Bobby." Jimmy kidded, noticing my excited state.

"That's got nothing to do with you guys. I... I just..." oh my god, "I like being naked in the woods." I finally admitted.

"Well, we aren't complaining, sweetheart." Bobby chuckled, as he pushed me ahead of them, moving us deeper into the woods on the high side of the trail.

It wasn't as though they were unattractive, they weren't. In fact, they were kind of hot. I just had no desire to be raped. Each time I went out like this I always knew that this very scenario was a real possibility. Well, the odds were up, apparently. It was time to pay the piper. I convinced myself to go along with whatever they wanted.

"I'm not going to fight with you two. Just go easy, okay?" I pleaded.

"That works for us, babe." Jimmy grinned, pleased that they weren't going to have to force me into doing anything. "This is far enough."

"Well, seeing that you're already naked and all, why don't you just have some of this." Bobby lowered his shorts, his cock springing to attention.

Knowing what he wanted, I knelt on the pine straw and took his member into my mouth. He must have been in swimming, because he smelled and tasted clean. That, at least, was a plus.

He kicked off his shorts the rest of the way and laid down on the down so that I was ready for Jimmy, who came up from behind. Bobby's cock was almost in my throat, or I would have squealed when Jimmy's cock entered me from behind. I was no stranger to being fucked, but his cock was stretching me to the limit.

"Oh, shit girl, you've got such a strong smell. It really gets me going." Jimmy gasped as he thrust in and out of me. Each time he impaled me on his rod, I nearly choked on bobby as he pushed hard to match my movements. Bobby was busy kneading my tits as I paid homage to his cock.

Jimmy must have been close to coming, because he grabbed my hips and began driving into me, hard. I swore I could feel the tip of his cock poking me in the gut each time he would take me to the hilt. My poor pussy was never going to be the same, I knew it.

Bobby was coming, and I did my best to swallow what he had to offer, but eventually gagged, releasing him to spew the rest of his load on my tits and face. I was grunting now in time with Jimmy as he finished. Finally, he pulled his cock out of my pussy, splattering my back and hair with his spunk.

We all kind of just laid there for a few minutes trying to catch our breath. Oddly enough, with all of that, I hadn't orgasmed once. I wasn't all that surprised. Not that it was unpleasant, it wasn't, really. It felt good, it just wasn't what did it for me. Now, later on, when I thought back on the whole thing, I was sure I would come like a banshee, by my own hand, however.

It all ended as suddenly as it began. Jimmy and Bobby threw on their clothes, thanked me for my generosity, and left me there as naked as they had found me. That didn't surprise me either. I was sure I had defused the situation by going along with their plan, and that made it awkward when it came to parting ways. I watched from that spot as they disappeared towards the trail.

I waited for a bit before continuing back to my clothes and my car. I found a small brook and cleaned up a bit, at least what I could reach. I knew that my back and hair were full of Jimmy's spunk. That would have to wait until I showered at home.

I had to search a bit for my flip-flops but knew right where my clothes were, and in short order, I was dressed and heading for my car. I was just about to hit the FOB when a small voice chimed in from behind.

"Can I have my towel back?" It was the kind girl from back at the stream.

"I'm sorry, I kind of lost it." I apologized. "Thank you for that, back there."

"That was quite a show back there in the woods, Samantha." The girl smirked, holding up her phone. "Got it all on video."

The fact that she had recorded me having sex wasn't nearly as disturbing as the fact that she knew my name. "Good try. My name isn't Samantha." I lied.

"Samantha Adams, 3245 Argyle St., Boulder, Colo..."

"How the hell do you know all that?" I asked.

"License plates are a wealth of information, especially with the right software. Hell, girl, I know where you work, who your parents are, I even know how much you have in the bank." Again, waving her cell phone smartly next to her face.

I thought that if I could just get her cell phone, I'd be in the clear. I made a move and she backed away. "Don't bother, Sam. I already downloaded everything to my computer at home. You're mine to play with, naked girl."

A million scenarios had crossed my mind when I went on my little adventures. None of them included blackmail. "What do you want?" I asked, far more concerned than I had been with Jimmy and Bobby. Hell, they just wanted some fun. This girl, she had a motive, and it scared the shit out of me.

"We're going to go for a little ride." I unlocked the car for her and she climbed into the back seat. Revealing a taser from her bag, she held it painfully against my neck. "I hear these really hurt, Sam. Don't make me use it on you." She sat back, and I could see her smiling, an evil smile that spoke of knowing. "By the way, Sam, your pretty hair's all full of cum, and honey, you stink."

