Alexia’s Midnight Swim
By Lauralinii

ALEXIA’S MIDNIGHT SWIM CH. 01

A young college girl has some naked river fun.

Alexia was frustrated. It was the very end of spring, but already unusually warm for this time of year. Without any air conditioning in her small student room, Alexia had been suffering from the heat and was longing to cool off in one of the nearby pools or lakes. The problem: her schedule always precluded her from realizing her plans. For the past couple of weeks, she had always had classes on the days that were especially hot and today was no exception. It was the hottest it had been so far in the year, and it of course had to fall on a Wednesday, the day Alexia had the most to do, starting with an 8:30 lecture and a final class ending after 6.

Alexia was a pretty averaged sized girl in height, with a slender figure. While this was mostly attributable to genetics, Alexia enjoyed going to the gym and working out a couple times a week. Recently she had been focusing especially on her legs and ass and had received a few complements from her girlfriends on the latter. Melina had even come up from behind her a couple of days ago in the cafeteria and given her ass a playful but unexpected smack, making Alexia jump in shock before she turned around to Melina smiling and giving her a look that clearly indicated appreciation and a maybe even a slight amount of jealously. She had also noticed more guys checking her out from behind when she passed than usual, especially at the gym in her close-fitting shorts. Alexia's favorite feature was however more subtle in nature, the faint line that ran from between her breasts down her stomach; the kind you see on female gym models that don't have visible individual abs, but still look slender and strong, granted Alexia's was not quite as pronounced.

When Alexia got home from her final class of the day it was still quite hot and she opened a window, knowing that the temperature was receding as it got later in the day. Changing out of her sweaty clothes and into a fresh white t-shirt and skimpy jean-shorts felt great, especially when she undid her bra and tossed it into the laundry hamper, not bothering with a new one.

For the next couple of hours, Alexia tried again and again to concentrate on her homework but found the effort challenging, her mind constantly wandering to her desire to cool off in a body of water. "Alright," thought Alexia finally, "I can't wait any longer! I need to go for a swim today." Then a thought crept into her head. "It would be sooo relaxing to just strip down completely for the swim!" Alexia pushed the thought out of her head as soon as it had come. She had been skinny dipping once, for a couple of minutes while on vacation in Spain with one of her close friends when they were feeling particularly adventurous and had had a bit to drink. Although it was a short experience (they had quickly chickened out and put on their clothes again), the sensation had been incredible, exactly what Alexia wanted. Now however, she was back home and couldn't just take off her clothes in public, what if someone saw? The thought was mortifying.

Still, the desire wouldn't leave her head in peace. "If I do this, I need to be absolutely certain no one will see me," Alexia eventually thought. The idea exited her more than she cared to admit. Opening Google maps, Alexia checked her area. After some searching, she discovered a river nearby that ran through some farmlands to the north of the city, which was close enough and would be a perfect spot; both sides had trees along the bank shielding the river from view of the roads. It was now late in the evening. The likelihood that anyone would be there and see her this late on a weeknight seemed incredibly small.

Before she knew it or had even thought it fully through, Alexia had gotten in her car and was heading towards the river.

As Alexia parked her car on the side of the road in the spot she had selected, her heart was thumping in her chest. "OMG am I really going to do this?" she asked herself with a mixture of nervousness and excitement. When she opened the car door, the sound of thundering of falling water from the dam in the near distance intensified. Otherwise, there was mostly silence except for the faint and occasional chirping of insects. The night air felt cool, and Alexia breathed in a deep long breath, partly to calm the butterflies in her stomach and partly to take in the scenery.

A few streetlamps bathed the road on Alexia's side of the river in a deep yellow light, but the water itself and banks on either side were dark, only lit by the moonlight in the cloudless sky. On the side of the road not bordering the river, lay a large field of cut grass. On the other side, the overgrown and stony bank led down to the water. Although it was dark, the streetlamps lit up enough of the bank for Alexia to see a rocky pathway through the thick, knee-high vegetation.

Alexia waited for her heartbeat to subside. She had not seen any cars on the final roads of her drive. She seemed to be alone. "It's a Wednesday night, well technically early Thursday morning," Alexia corrected herself. "No one is going to be here, and even if they are," she reasoned, "they will just pass by on the road overhead." Slowly, Alexia's longing grew to overpower the hesitation. She had been experiencing a series of hot days with no relief and wanted to cool off in the refreshing water. Leaving her possessions in the car, Alexia headed down the steep path to the water in her shorts and t-shirt.

When Alexia got to the water she paused. Her heart was beating quickly now that it had become so real. She could probably strip down and be in the water in under 10 seconds if she really wanted to. There was still no sign of anyone else in the quiet night.

Alexia took off her shoes and socks and put a foot in the water. The rocks were slimy with mud and algae, but the water itself was perfect. Cool but not cold, exactly what Alexia so craved. "Fuck it," Alexia told herself and slowly undid the buttons in her Jean-shorts, mentally preparing herself for what she was about to do. When there was still no sign of anyone else, Alexia undid the rest of the buttons and quickly removed the shorts, placing them on top of her shoes and socks. Standing barefoot in panties and her t-shirt Alexia felt the butterflies in her stomach more intense than before but tugged off her shirt exposing firm and perky B-cup breasts. Now Alexia knew there was no going back. Lastly Alexia hooked her thumbs into the waist of her panties and slipped them off, adding them her pile of garments.

She was now completely naked on the riverbank and became acutely aware of the soft breeze on her skin. It felt unexpectedly liberating. Nevertheless, Alexia was completely exposed, should anyone come by, and wasted no time wading into the river. The cool water felt like absolute bliss on Alexia's skin once again realizing how much she had needed this. When she got deep enough, Alexia let herself float on the slow-moving water, her nipples and tips of her breasts peeking out above the surface.

Feeling the sudden urge to pee, Alexia giggled as she realized nothing was stopping her from going in the river. For fun, she opened her legs and spread the lips of her pussy with her index and middle finger and relieved herself in the water.

"Even in the unlikely event of someone coming by and seeing me," thought Alexia happily, "it would probably make their night to see an athletic college chick with such a great ass swimming in the nude!"

Enjoying the night air and cool river water on her naked body felt incredible, but after some time, Alexia was ready to leave. She headed back towards the shore into the shallow part of the water but suddenly heard the sounds of a conversation from the opposite bank. Submerging herself in the shallow water as much as she could, she looked over and saw some pinpricks of light in the darkness of cigarettes being lit. The sounds of conversation grew nearer, and the group settled on the opposite bank. They did not appear to have seen her. "Seriously!?" thought Alexia in disbelief. "Although," she reasoned, "This is a student city, and it is conceivable that students would hang out by the water in the middle of the night."

Still, it was definitely unlucky that they had just shown up and even more so, that they had settled directly across from her. Alexia submerged herself as best she could in the shallow water so as not to be seen. The group was near enough that Alexia could hear the sounds of their conversation, but not exactly what they were saying. She saw phone screens light up and then go dark again, and then the bright beam of a high lumen flashlight. Alexia saw around four figures before the flashlight turned off again.

Despite her earlier thought that she wouldn't care if someone came by and saw her, a whole group of people was a different matter. Besides, now it was a very real possibility that she would be caught, as opposed to a careless thought swimming naked and carefree in the water. Alexia was nervous again and waited patiently, seeing if they would continue on. First one minute went by, then five, then ten and then fifteen. The bright flashlight kept going on and Alexia knew it was only a matter of time before they pointed the flashlight in her direction and caught her naked, lying in the shallows. Twice already, it had passed over her head.

"Alright," planned Alexia, "The next time the flashlight goes out, I am going to get out of the water, snatch my clothes and shoes off of the ground and run up the bank without being seen!" When the flashlight went off again, Alexia stood up and quickly made her way towards her clothes. Suddenly she missed her footing and slipped, as her foot glided off the slick algae. Alexia landed with a splash back in the shallow water and let out an involuntary yelp. Alexia covered her mouth and got up to keep moving, but the damage was done. As Alexia turned around to see whether the group had heard, they went silent and the flashlight flicked on, illuminating her.

There was a short pause. "Fancied a swim?" called out a female voice on the verge of laughter. Alexia's heart was in her throat and her cheeks burned red hot with pure embarrassment. Without a word or knowing what to do or say, Alexia turned back around and started once more for the shore, hoping to bring the situation to an end as quickly as possible. "Daaaammmn!" called out a different person, a male this time, "That is one sweet ass you have girl!". Alexia moved far more slowly that she would have liked so as not to slip again. "Hey, listen! Bend over and spread your cheeks for us and we will turn off the flashlight and leave you alone," proposed another male voice. Alexia considered for a moment, and wanted, no needed this embarrassing moment to end. Reluctantly, and without looking back she bent over and spread her ass for the group to see. Alexia heard some whistles and cheering as she stood back upright and picked up her clothing.

"Hey, thanks for the picks of that ass, I am definitely jerking off to this tonight," Laughed the guy. "Unless of course you want to come over and let me plough you here on the riverbank like the naughty little slut you are!"

"Not happening!" Alexia yelled back, "And hey, you said you would turn off the light and leave me alone!"

"Oh, I know he said that, came another male voice, "but you can't honestly expect us to just not watch such a sexy little vixen with cute tits and a perfect ass walking up the riverbank away from us, can you?"

Now furious as well as embarrassed, Alexia stormed up the bank back to the street. After making sure the coast was clear she walked over to her car and pulled on her t-shirt and shorts, not even bothering with her panties. Her wet skin made the fabric cling to her body. She got into her car and started up the engine, aggressively turning the car on the empty street and pressing down on the petal more than was needed.

When Alexia arrived back at her student room, she had significantly calmed down. She had truly enjoyed the swim. Alexia smiled. Getting caught had been a huge embarrassment, but it had definitely been thrilling. Besides, no real harm had come from it. Alexia realized with a start that she was biting her lip, evidently turned on by the memory of having shown off her naked body to complete strangers and the way they had talked to her. It had been a night to remember, maybe one she would repeat, and one she definitely needed to tell Melina about.


ALEXIA’S MIDNIGHT SWIM CH. 02

College girls enjoy some naked river fun.

"Wait, seriously?" asked Melina unable to keep the disbelief and eagerness from her voice. "You went skinny dipping? I have been trying to get you to do something like that for sooooo long and then you just go off and do it on your own? Without even telling me?"

"I know, I'm sorry Mel but I just needed to go for a swim and couldn't wait any longer," replied Alexia. It had been a couple of days since Alexia's midnight escapade, and she had finally gotten a chance to meet up at the faculty's cafeteria with Melina now that it was the weekend.

Melina was slightly taller than Alexia and had long and dark curly hair. She was thin, although not as athletic as Alexia, had C to D cup breasts and wide hips giving her feminine curves most women would be jealous of. Melina was a social butterfly and one of the most confident and open people Alexia knew.

She had invited Alexia to do daring things like skinny dip a couple of times before, but Alexia had never been able to really take her up on it, mostly because life just got in the way, or she didn't feel quite ready to do something like that.

"And that's not all," Alexia continued, "I got caught by some group of people that happened to settle on the opposite bank" Alexia relayed the story of a couple of nights ago to her captivated friend.

"My my," said Melina impressed when Alexia had finished. "I didn't think you were that daring. I love it! But I can't help feeling left out."

"Tell you what Mel," Alexia started. "It has been really hot today and if are up for it, we can go again tonight." Alexia wasn't as thrilled to repeat her experience as she seemed, but the water had felt incredible and addictive and going with Melina was sure to be fun. Besides, she knew Melina would love it.

"I guess I got some plans to cancel!" Melina said. "I'll pick you up at around 12. Send me the location. I want to see where this went down." "Sure," agreed Alexia.

Back at home a couple of hours later, Alexia tugged off her tank top and unbuttoned the black jean skirt she had been wearing, letting it fall to the ground at her feet. She paused for a moment, looking in the mirror hanging on the wall, admiring her athletic figure.

Alexia turned to the side and smiled slightly when saw how the black thong panties she was wearing made her ass look especially well formed. She had been putting work in at the gym for her figure and was not going to wear anything that would detract from the shape of her body. She faced forward again and admired the way in which the cleavage of her breasts in her bra aligned perfectly with the faint but visible line that stretched down past her abdomen.

Then Alexia turned her attention to the closet. This time she was going to wear something that she could put on quickly if she was caught, not wanting to relive the awkward experience of walking naked up the riverbank to get back to her car. With the group watching her, she hadn't wanted to wait an extra 20 seconds to put her clothes back on right at the riverbank.

Alexia's eyes fell on a cute yellow sundress she had but didn't wear very often due to the hem of the dress falling only part way down the thighs. That together with the revealing V-neck made its appropriateness for class or even some social settings questionable. Especially now that she had such a toned ass from the gym, the dress covered even less of her legs than it once had. While slightly too revealing for day-to-day use, it would definitely cover enough and be quick and easy to put on in a hurry.

"Perfect!" thought Alexia. Although it might cause her to receive a few more lingering glances than normal from passersby, it would be much fewer than if she were naked. "Well, that is an understatement," laughed Alexia to herself. This way she could even probably get dressed if she noticed anyone coming before they could see her.

Then a thought struck her. If she really wanted to be quick dressing and undressing, it might be better to not wear her bra or panties underneath. Alexia felt herself blush. The idea excited her.

Alexia's phone vibrated on her desk. She looked over at it. Melina was outside waiting for her. To complement the text she had received, Alexia heard two honks in quick succession from the street.

Quickly reaching her decision, Alexia unhooked her bra and let the straps slide off of her shoulders exposing her breasts. Then she slipped off her panties and placed both garments in the laundry hamper. Alexia put on the sundress and stepped out of her room to meet Melina.

The sun had set a couple hours prior, leaving the street illuminated by the streetlights. Melina was parked right in front of Alexia's building. She smiled and reached over, opening up the passenger side door for Alexia to get in. As Alexia walked over to Melina's car, she felt a soft breeze reminding her of what she wasn't wearing under her dress, especially between her legs.

Alexia pulled the door open further and got in. "Hey Mel, I can't belie-," Alexia cut herself off mid-sentence. Melina was wearing a crop top that ended above her belly button and from there downward nothing else besides her sandals. Melina's smile broadened. "I'm wearing more than I need to for what we are going to do," she told the dumbstruck Alexia as she started down the road, out of the city after Alexia had climbed in. "You live on the outskirts, so I took my pants off while waiting for you in the car. It's fine, no one can see from outside anyway and they are in the back in case I need them."

"And I thought I was being daring wearing a dress with nothing underneath," Alexia laughed. "I do love your outfit though, cute dress!" Melina complemented as they turned a corner. "Thanks," replied Alexia.

"By the way," said Melina with a naughty smirk in her voice, "as soon as we get out a bit further, where there are fewer people and lights, I am going to take off my top too." "Are you crazy?" exclaimed Alexia "that actually is something people can see through the window". "Well," said Melina, "it will be dark, and we are moving fast. There won't be many people, and drivers coming from the other direction will be blinded by our headlights. Someone could conceivably catch a glimpse, but that is part of the fun, isn't it?"

"You are crazy!" laughed Alexia. "And you have put some serious thought into this." There was a short pause. "You should take your dress off too" added Melina, a matter-of-fact tone in her voice, "We are going to take our clothes off anyway to swim, what difference does it make if we do it sooner, rather than later?"

"Listen Melina, I am not quite as brave or self-confident as you are." "But you liked getting caught, didn't you?" asked Melina. Alexia was taken aback. This was not something she had previously divulged. "I saw that look in your eye when you were telling me about getting caught," continued Melina, "I think that part of you found it exciting and even a bit arousing. Otherwise, I don't think you would have agreed to come with me today to repeat your experience so soon."

Alexia paused for a few seconds. "Alright fine," she admitted, giving her friend a slightly embarrassed look. "It was thrilling, and it did turn me on a bit. I still am not going to take off my dress in the car though. I feel exposed enough as it is right now."

Melina looked over at her "alright suit yourself, she said as she slowed down, pulled her arms individually through the sleeves of her top and then in one fluid motion pulled the top off over her head and threw it onto the back seat, completely exposing her breasts and leaving her naked except for her sandals in the driver's seat. Melina laughed again and let out a deep satisfied breath. "C'mon Alexia, at least let your boobs out a bit," she persuaded.

Alexia thought for a moment and felt her resolve melt away. It may be fun, and Melina was probably right about what she had said. Besides, she was feeling adventurous. Alexia pushed the fabric of her dress that covered her breasts to either side exposing her nipples and the majority of her tits. "That's more like it!" exclaimed Melina delightedly.

In only a couple of minutes they had reached the spot Alexia had swum at a couple of nights ago. They had passed by almost no one on the final stretch of their drive, with only two cars coming from the opposite direction and someone out walking who hadn't noticed them and their lack of apparel in the car as they passed.

Melina parked the car and the girls got out and closing the doors behind them. "Nice place you picked out," praised Melina as she admired the night scenery, seemingly apathetic to the fact that she was standing on the side of the road without a shred of clothing, and completely illuminated. She was bathed in yellow light of the streetlamp.

Melina's remark was true, the sounds of the waterfall created by the dam upstream gave the peaceful river and vegetation along the banks an even nicer ambience than it would otherwise have had. Insects chirped, grass and leaves rustled in the breeze and otherwise there was silence. The fresh night air was just as intoxicating as it had been a few nights ago.

"You're completely naked, we need to get off the street!" exclaimed Alexia. "Then I'll race you to the water!" Melina replied laughing and started quickly on the path leading down the bank and through the thick vegetation. Alexia ran after her friend. When she got to the edge of the water, Melina had bent down to undo her shoelaces giving Alexia a view of her ass.

Alexia paused momentarily, more hesitant about stripping down than her friend. It was a Saturday night this time, meaning it was much more likely that people would be out by the river or taking a walk than her previous experience on Wednesday earlier in the week. Alexia had been feeling apprehensive and nervous about taking off her clothes in public since she had picked out her outfit earlier and now that she was a couple seconds from actually stripping down, she felt like she had more butterflies in her stomach than ever.

Nevertheless, she had already made the decision to skinny dip again, and now Melina was here with too, and being much more cavalier about it than she was. So far everything seemed fine. Not wanting to be in the water too much later than Melina, she took off her shoes and socks and heard a splash and ripples of water as Melina started wading in.

"Ha, I win!" stated Melina gloatingly as she turned around to face Alexia while wading in further. "This is it" thought Alexia to herself and pulled the yellow sundress off, over her head. She was now completely nude on the bank of the river. Alexia placed the dress on her shoes and waded in to join Melina in the water, being careful not to slip.

"This feels nice, it's so liberating," Alexia thought to herself despite still being a bit nervous. The water covered her feet, then her knees, thighs, pussy, waist and stomach, finally stopping just under her breasts when stopped wading in. Alexia enjoyed the feeling of the water on her bare skin for a moment. It felt amazing, especially without any restrictive swimwear.

By now her excitement outweighed her nervousness and she turned to Melina. Their eyes met and both girls started laughing.

"This is fun, I'm glad you finally agreed to do this with me" said Melina when the laughing subsided. "And that's a nice body you have Alexia, I have never really seen you naked before. I knew you have a great ass, but you're more athletic than I thought, and your tits are great too!"

"Aww, thanks" replied Alexia with a smile, then continued, "You are stunning yourself. I love your curves and your boobs are fantastic, better than mine." "Thanks girl!" responded Melina. "Don't put your tits down though. Their shape is great, and they are firm and perky too" While she said the last part, Melina cupped Alexia's breasts for a moment playfully. Alexia blushed. Both girls laughed again.

Alexia and Melina swam and chatted for another couple of minutes enjoying the water and the night.

"Come on, lets swim to the other bank," Alexia proposed eventually. Melina dived underwater and Alexia pushed herself off the rocks on the bottom of the river and started swimming for the other side, enjoying the feel of moving frictionlessly through the water.

The opposite bank had a small sandy outcropping like a miniature beach. "So, this is where that group with the flashlight was last time" thought Alexia to herself as she waded out of the water onto the rocks and sand.

Alexia turned around as she heard Melina start to wade out of the water and saw the light of a small fire on the now opposite bank, a bit farther up from where they had gotten in. The firelight had been obscured by trees and vegetation due to a bend in the river, so they hadn't seen it before.

Alexia froze and her heart skipped a beat, realizing she was standing naked on the bank, possibly in view of whoever was at the fire. Wasting no time, she quickly ran back into the water. "Melina," she hissed, "there are people over on the other bank." "Oh, I see" said Melina looking over at the fire. "Don't worry, they haven't noticed us, and I highly doubt they will."

"Watch this" said Melina and walked up onto the bank, completely naked. "Mel! What are you doing! Come back!" Alexia exclaimed.

"We are far enough upstream that they can't hear us as long as we don't shout. The same goes for them seeing us. We can see the light of their fire, but we are in the darkness and pretty much invisible." As if to prove her point Melina started to strike different sexy poses in the direction of the fire. "See, they can't see us," she said with one hand on her hip and the other behind her head.

"You're right" Alexia agreed. "Their eyes are also probably not adjusted to the darkness because of the fire." "Still," she reasoned, "lets still not overdo it and go back to the other side."

"Sure Alexia" replied Melina, "but first I want to see what is going on over there and how many people there are. This side has no lights, and I can easily sneak down the river and check."

"Alright fine," Alexia said reluctantly. "I am going to stay here in the water though."

"I'll be back soon." Said Melina and walked up the bank. Alexia watched her until she was out of sight from the river.

Alexia waited, gazing out over the water. The night air felt incredible.

After a couple of minutes, her thoughts wandered to the last time she was here naked. She had been caught. It had been embarrassing but thinking about it after the encounter had turned her on. She had shown off her naked body to complete strangers and they had really enjoyed it and wanted more. Alexia bit her lip and her hand wandered absently downward towards her pussy.

If they were here again on the bank right now, maybe she would give them more and let them touch her and slap her ass like she knew they would have loved to do. Alexia was massaging her pussy now and a slight moan escaped her lips. Maybe she would let one of them finger her. Maybe if she was horny enough, she would even-

Her fantasy was cut short by Melina's return, to Alexia's momentary dismay. Melina came down the steep bank to the sandy outcropping. "So, here's the deal," Melina whispered, "its actually only one guy there. I think he may have been there with a couple more people but then they left. There are a couple of beer bottles around the fire."

"I'm going to swim back across and check the situation out from a bit closer," added Melina, "don't worry, I'll put something on," she said putting Alexia's mind at ease. "Also, I think I'm about ready to leave."

"I'll swim a bit more and then join you," Alexia said still very much turned on and secretly hoping she could finish what she was doing before Melina had come back. "Meet you over there then," came Melina's reply.

When Melina swam over to the other side again Alexia's thoughts wandered back to the night she had been caught and she started gently rubbing her clit under the water. She moaned as she replayed the night over in her head and her eyes fluttered closed. The fact that she was naked in public again right where it had happened made it seem so real. With her other hand she fondled her breast and started toying with her left nipple. Waves of pleasure washed over Alexia as she came closer and closer to orgasm.

Suddenly a loud rustle of leaves up on the bank brought Alexia out of her trance like state. What was she doing? This was a bad idea. Anyone could walk by. Besides Melina was probably waiting for her as it had now been a good five minutes since she had swum off. Alexia's pussy throbbed; she rubbed her thighs slightly together still incredibly turned on. "I'll finish this later," Alexia thought and started to swim back over to the other side.

Alexia reached the shore and went to her clothes. When Alexia got close to where she had disrobed, she saw her shoes and socks, but the dress was gone. Alexia looked around. It was dark and maybe a breeze lifted it into the grass somewhere out of sight. This seemed unlikely, as the breeze was barely strong enough to notice, much less move her dress. Slightly panicking she checked the surrounding vegetation but without luck. "Maybe Melina has it," Alexia thought. Just then she heard Melina's car door close. Alexia put on her socks and shoes.

"Melina!" Alexia called out. Not too loudly as she didn't want to attract too much attention to herself in case anyone was walking by up on the street. There was no answer. "Melina!!" Alexia tried a second time a bit louder. Still there was no sign Melina had heard anything. Exasperatedly Alexia crept up the steep path at bank of the river in only her footwear.

It was getting close to 1:30 am now and the road was completely clear. After a short pause at the top of the bank, Alexia walked bravely over to Melina's car. Melina was sitting in the driver's seat, her face slightly illuminated by her phone screen.

Melina saw Alexia coming, looked up and rolled down the window. She was fully clothed again. "Mel, have you seen my dress?". Melina smiled. "Sure have! I gave it to the guy over by the fire"

"WHAT!? Why would you do that?" Alexia exclaimed with a mixture of anger and confusion. "Relax Alexia, if you want, I can go over and get it again," Melina replied calmly. "But only if you don't want to get it yourself."

"Of course, I don't want to get it myself, I have no clothes now in case you haven't noticed." Alexia said defiantly. "Then look me in the eyes and tell me that there is no part of you that doesn't want to get it. That there is no part of you that gets excited or aroused being naked in front of strangers. I think-," Melina continued, cutting Alexia off when she started to say something "- that you want to get it but are just too shy to live out your fantasies. I'm helping you. Giving you the push, you need. C'mon, have some fun."

"Mel, I-," Alexia started. "Tell me I'm wrong," said Melina cutting her off. Alexia thought. She was still pretty turned on and if she was honest with herself, going over naked to get her dress seemed really exciting. Melina knew her better than she realized. "Afterwards we can leave immediately," Melina said. "Also, I chatted with the guy for a bit and didn't get any bad vibes or anything. Aaand he's pretty cute!"

"He's cute? That makes it worse!" Alexia complained. "I know," replied Melina gleefully, "but also more fun right? So, what's it going to be?" Alexia contemplated her predicament. She couldn't tell Melina that she didn't want to at all, the girl would see right through her. Alexia felt her pussy throb again. Just thinking about it was driving her crazy. "Alright, I'll do it," Alexia said, "but afterwards we go right back home, and we never talk about this night again." "Sure thing," Melina agreed. As Alexia turned to leave, Melina stepped out of the car. "Go get it girl," she said and smacked Alexia's toned ass creating a satisfying clap.

Alexia hurried down the deserted road until she saw the fire light. It was dying down now and getting harder to see, especially from the illuminated side of the river. No doubt the guy there had been waiting for it to die out before leaving too. It was also obscured by trees and tall grass. Alexia would have missed it if she hadn't known where to look.

Alexia took a moment to gather her courage. She wasn't sure if she would actually be able to go through with it. Her heart was beating faster and faster. Alexia heard an engine revving in the distance. That reminded her a car could come by any second and she was completely exposed and naked on the street. With a deep breath she made her way through the grass.

Alexia pushed through the grass and entered the small clearing with the fire. It was relatively dark except for the dim firelight. Alexia heard an appreciative whistle and turned to face a guy sitting on the ground with his back against a tree checking her out. Alexia's cheeks grew hot as she blushed and started to feel short of breath. "Hi," she managed to say. "Hey," answered the guy "Wow lucky night for me." He was wearing a black t-shirt and shorts. Melina hadn't lied, he was quite good looking, well-built and attractive but not intimidating. He looked like he was only maybe a year or two older than Alexia, but it was hard to tell in the light. Alexia became acutely aware again of the fact that she was completely naked.

"I came for the dress," Alexia stated. "That's what I figured; can you do a spin for me?" the guy asked. Alexia obliged. The guy's gaze lingered on her ass and chest. "Sooo can I have it?" Alexia asked. The initial embarrassment had started to subside, and Alexia was feeling incredibly turned on. She had gotten so close to climax only to stop and now being naked in front of a stranger and knowing that she was turning him on had made her horniest she had been for a while.

The guy looked up. "Sure, you can have it," he said with a devious smile placing emphasis on the last two words to convey the double entendre. "But first you need to do something for me. Make it worth my while to give you the dress. I think it would be a shame to cover up what you've got."

"Yeah well, it's my dress and I want it back. I don't owe you anything," Alexia replied trying to hide how turned on she was. "Well, your friend said I can have some fun with you before I give you back your dress and that's what I'm going to do," the guy stated.

"Of course, she did," Alexia thought, but she didn't mind at the moment. Alexia could barely think straight from her arousal. Her pussy felt like it was soaking. If she had been wearing panties, they would be drenched by now. The feel of the soft breeze on her skin as well as the gaze of the guy she didn't know on her naked body was making her go crazy. Alexia wanted to be fucked until she climaxed.

"Alright." Alexia knelt down on her knees and undid the button and zipper of the guy's shorts and tugged them down. Next, she pulled down his boxers. The guy shifted his weight and pulled them down past his knees. He was already mostly turned on and when Alexia grabbed his dick it was rock solid. Alexia stroked his penis a couple of times.

Next Alexia put her hands on his chest and put one leg over his, straddling him. She moved down until she could feel the tip of his dick on her ass and then guided it to her soaking pussy. He obviously couldn't wait, and neither could Alexia. As he thrust his hips up Alexia went down taking his dick inside of her. It felt amazing, like she was finally drinking water after hours of being parched. Alexia felt her breasts being groped as she went up and down taking him inside of her.

"I can't believe I'm doing this!" Alexia thought, "but I want more". Alexia stopped and got up. She turned away and went down on her hands and knees. She knew that this would be a sight guys would be unable to resist. Her ass up presenting her pussy to be fucked.

Almost immediately, Alexia felt his hand on her pussy, then grasp her hip and his dick right on her pussy about to go in. Slowly, he pushed into her, the tip of his dick thrusting its way in stretching her lips apart. She threw back her head in ecstasy, Alexia felt his other hand on the other hip, holding her in place while he pushed himself the rest of the way inside of her, filling her up.

He pulled back and started forcefully thrusting into her again and again. It felt absolutely incredible. Alexia forced her mouth closed and put a hand over it to muffle the sounds she was making. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over Alexia. His dick was hitting all of the right spots and she felt weak in the knees and arms and was thankful she wasn't standing.

Alexia felt a hand leave her hip and a slap to her ass quickly followed. Alexia felt herself nearer to climax with every thrust. She was almost there and not registering any of her surroundings her body and mind devoted to what she was experiencing.

"Oh Fuck, I'm cumming!" cried Alexia unable to contain herself any longer. A wave of emotion hit Alexia like a wall. She dropped to the ground, her arms and legs unable to support herself as she let the pleasure of her orgasm wash over her. It was one of the most intense orgasms she had ever had.

When Alexia became aware her surroundings again, she felt a hot liquid shoot onto her back and ass, evidently the guy had finished himself off.

"That was incredible," he panted. "And here." He picked up Alexia's dress and handed it to her. Alexia wiped herself off on the grass, stood up and took the dress, slipping it on over her head.

"Yeah, it was" Alexia agreed. She couldn't believe she had just fucked a complete stranger in public like that. It was embarrassing but also excited her. She felt her cheeks flush again.

"Here's my number," said the guy handing her a slip of paper. "If you feel like doing this again". Alexia took the paper, mumbled something along the lines of goodbye and hurried back to the road, not caring that the short dress was exposing her bare ass and pussy with every step as she jogged. There was still nothing and nobody around, aside from the crickets.

Alexia opened Melina's car door and got in, ignoring Melina's sly know it all smile. Melina put away her phone, started the car and began the drive back into town. "So," she said. "Tell me everything!"
