Seducing Enzo the Parking Attendant

   gay,m,t

   By Rob Loveboy

   Edited by Len Homber



   He was barely fifteen years-old, the legal age of employment, as a
part-time parking attendant directing traffic to available parking stalls
around the perimeter of a domed arena that I did security work for.  Not
only his name sounded sexy to me, Enzo Calabone, of Italian heritage was
absolutely beautiful with bronze skin and fine, sculpted facial features
and a mop of shag-style dirty-blond hair as well as one of those perpetual
smiles showing a mouth full of ivory-white teeth.



   I would see him in the change room taking off his street clothes and put
on his uniform, his chest well defined, dime-size brown spheres with
raisin-like nipples.  A thin blond treasure trail of hair led from his
navel to somewhere inside his boxer shorts that I was determined to one day
find where it flourished.  Blond hair seen, but sparsely growing on his
arms and legs.



   Whoever did the hiring of parking-boys had to have been a boy-lover. 
Most all were very young and cute, cock stirring eye-candy specimens enough
to cause a man torment and leaky semi erections, however, Enzo stood out
... an adonis that made my cock strain it's full seven-inches and soak my
briefs.



   I found myself checking the parking schedules looking for his name,
starting time, and lot-zone he was assigned to.  If I couldn't chat him up
in the locker room, I then made it a point to converse at his post once the
flow of traffic dwindled for any given event.



   Charisma.  That was my best attribute.  I scored with a few of the
parking-boys over the years, much easier when I was in my thirties,
however, in my late forties, I could still seduce them with only a little
more time and effort.  I know what is on boys' mind's of that age --sex,
and I capitalized on that topic to an extent.



   My opening statement when a comfort level is reached after introduction
is always nonchalantly saying, "Geez, you're a nice looking guy ...  you
must have a girlfriend ...  or a boyfriend?"

   Mostly they turn red, shuffle their feet a tad self-conscious.  Some
admit to having girlfriends, none ever admit to boyfriends but are never
offended by the forward question, after all, it is the 21st century and gay
`is-okay' with today's youth.  They usually divulge that they have an eye
on a girl if not dating one.



   Charisma ...  and timing.  Knowing when to lead the topic of sex into a
conversation most always find boys sexually frustrated, masturbation fiends
and tired of that.  I make a comment that, "Women were all cock-teasers and
most don't suck cock anyway ...  at least not as good as a guy!" the
subject quickly changed in the next breath to work matters leaving them a
little time to dwell on what the butch looking officer had said.



   In a matter of weeks, I laid many subliminal sexual innuendos,
eliminated much of the generation gap and became developed an arms-length
kind of trust and friendship enough to eventually invite them home to my
apartment for a beer mere blocks away.



   My tactics with Enzo were no different although I felt he was a little
more strong willed than the other boys I targeted.  Enzo had a girlfriend
who allowed heavy petting atop through clothing while French-kissing, but
dared not go further no matter how much he begged.



   * * *



   It was my day off and I waited anxiously for Enzo to come over that
Saturday afternoon at 3pm after he finished work arranged the previous
evening in parking lot seven.  My cock has rock hard leading up to asking
him over for a beer or two.



   "Sure, dude, sounds great!" he replied enthusiastically with a bigger
smile than usual.



   If things couldn't have got hotter than the humid day itself, I opened
the door to find the boy bare-chested with his t-shirt hanging from his
mid-thigh cutoff jeans sweating profusely.



   "Looks like someone could use a cold beer!" I chuckled as he tossed his
backpack in a corner of the foyer and kicked off his sneakers from his
sockless feet.



   My window air conditioner worked overtime to try and cool down the
living room if only but a few degrees.  The curtains and blinds closed to
keep out the direct sun added to making the place at least comfortable, my
plans of entertaining him on the patio quickly dismissed.



   I was wearing only an old pair of old uninhibiting red-velour shorts
that displayed a decent size basket which swayed when I walked.  Not a bad
body for a man my age, I was an avid swimmer preferring the local YMCA than
the much smaller swimming pool in the basement of my highrise.  Despite my
efforts, I still had a paunch instead of nice flat abs.  I was moderately
hairy on my chest, arms, and legs.  Proudly, I turned many heads at the
YMCA and the beach and never failed to score young men at the bathhouse
when the urge arose.



   My body didn't escape Enzo's notice, his eyes scanned over me entering
my place and a few times while I puttered around getting us beer and
filling a bowl of chips and pretzels chatting all the while.



   Enzo sat on the sofa and I on the love-seat across from him, a hetero
porn-DVD played in silence on the TV to the left of us ...  a little mood
ambiance that was never questioned and never had to be explained.  I
believe that during our many conversations at work, I always refered to my
place as my "Man-Cave, no fucking women around to bitch at me!" I would say
often.



   * * *



   Besides the life-size statue of Michelangelo's `David,' in the entry
foyer, I had vast collection of nude charcoal drawings of males and females
alike all a engaged in various animated erotic sexual acts framed and hung
in every room.  Among them were neon beer signs, another of my passions to
collect and display.  Another collectable was Hustler, Penthouse and
Playboy along with Blueboy, G Magazine and Playgirl were stacked on shelves
by genre.  My bathroom magazine rack held an assortment of the same
material mixed in with Time Magazine.



   With the help of a weekly gay char-boy university student I'd seen
advertising in a gay monthly who cleaned in the nude and did an excellent
job, my place was always tidy and spotless.  --Yes, the char-boy did sexual
favors for an additional price.  Both services were expensive however, the
view beat the hell out of some saggy-tit woman named Olga whom I doubted
gave blowjobs as a sideline.



   Besides being reliable, Kyle was cute, of short stature and clean cut.
He had a huge cut banana shaped cock that would never see the darkness of
my insides, something I liked very much with the right sized cock, but his
was a joy to orally play with and anal-fuck later if I was in the mood. 
Mostly, I wanted a blow and left it at that ...I wasn't a rich man.



   * * *



   Enzo's eyes surveyed the various paraphernalia as well as the
large-screen TV happenings, a bi-sexual flick would follow where ten men
and women indiscriminately sucked and fucked each other.  I knew in advance
what music he prefered and had my stereo tuner set on the popular teen
channel.

   "Cool place, dude!" he finally said after we settled down and he took a
swig of his beer.  He grinned and said with awe, "Yer right, this is a
man-cave.  Even my bedroom isn't as cool as this!"



   We talked a lot about nothing over a few beers, his eyes darting to the
TV occasionally during lulls in conversation even when the bisexual scenes
were prevalent.  I had scored that porn DVD on a trip to Holland a few
years ago and I swear the actors were well below legal age appearing
anywhere from 14 to seventeen.  It was one of my favorite jerk off flicks
other than the one I procured in Mexico featuring boys as young as ten with
men in a group setting that the brief scene of them stripping what appeared
to be boy-scout type uniforms and the language may have been Russian or
Czechoslovakian.  I didn't dare play that flick in mixed company and kept
it well hidden away.



   Enzo complained of the heat again and I took the advantage of asking him
if he would like to go for a swim and cool off.



   "I didn't bring my trunks." He said disappointed.



   "I'm sure I can scare up something to fit you.  My nephew left his suit
behind for when he comes over." I lied, purchasing the white Speedo years
earlier and cutting out the protective mesh so the the material turned
translucent when wet.  I gathered up a couple of towels and my suit before
I tossed his at him not giving him a chance to change in private and do so
with me in the men's room.



   As expected, Enzo was shy as most boys were.  I stood fully nude for a
short while as he slowly took off his shorts.  I turned on the sauna for
later buying time and got a view of his ass and pink sack between his legs
when he bent over for only a millisecond removing his boxer-briefs and
donning the Speedo...  I remained naked pretending to fidget with the
knotted draw-string until he turned around to face me.



   The fact that he was circumcised was only too plain, his cock bunched
tight to the left of his balls.  The suit was a little too small for him,
but I knew that already.  I saw him looking at my junk when he stooped to
pick up his shorts and underwear and place them on the bench.  He was then
perplexed as to where his eyes should wander.  Cursing the fictitious knot,
he watched me mess with it held close to my abdomen, my three inch flaccid
cock had expanded to a semi looking at his crotch.



   For lack of words, he asked what the room was that I set the timer for.
"The hot-sauna where we'll hang after our swim.  It's really healthy in
sweating out toxins from your skin.  I use it often."



   As usual, the place was empty, there was only a woman using the
universal gym and the water kept comfortably warm as ever due to the number
of seniors living in the building who complained if the temperature lowered
by only a few degrees.  We played frisbee for a while, each time Enzo
climbed out of the pool to retrieve the sphere I could see his genitals
through the thin material that all but evaporated --so did the lady working
out, a devilish grin on her face that was lost on Enzo who never noticed
his near nudity.



   Getting him to remove the suit for a sauna would be the challenge
however, I had convinced some boys to shuck the suit if they hadn't already
followed my lead..  "It's a men's sauna, dude!: I would stress turning on
the near-by shower, "All that chlorine stays on your suit and ya can't just
rinse it away under the shower."



   I didn't have too with Enzo,.  He saw me with my towel around my neck
fully prepared to enter the sauna nude after a brief shower.  He was
red-faced standing naked with his towel hung protectively covering his
goods waiting his turn.  No door or shower curtain had ever offered privacy
in as long as I had lived in the building.  I used the opportunity of
filling pails of tap water to pour on the hot coals and watch him shower,
his hands covered his genitals.

   In the nearing twenty-years I lived there I had many sexual encounters
in the change-room or sauna, even orgies were common late at night.  The
landlady believed that many tenants worked shifts and were deprived the
opportunity of using the facilities.  The night security guard would patrol
the area once in a while, however he could be heard coming a long time
before.  Our building was once rated on the internet as one of the best gay
residences in the city.  That reputation soon short lived, the facility was
locked up at midnight thereafter.  It never stopped me, I had a knack for
seducing straight guys, married or single into sucking their cocks, no
strings attached ...I love sucking cock.

   Enzo entered the sauna wearing his towel .  I was stretched on the top
tier-bench with my back against the wall, my towel under my ass spread
exposing myself in all my nonchalant glory as I often did..



   Enzo joined me at the other end of the bench, he too lay with his back
propped and his knees close to his face.  His towel rode high and exposed
his cock draped over his balls not five feet away, the dim-red lighting
prevented a clear view, however the mouth-watering sight was enough to get
a picture beyond that of the wet Speedo.



   We talked about school, sports and finally, girls.  I had been fondling
my goods, semi-erect with long fluid balls thanks to the heat, uncaring. 
When my cock was fully erect, I said, "Damn, I'm so horny tonight!"



   His eyes widened watching me slowly stroke my painfully erect cock. 
When I looked again under his towel, his cock was missing slumped over his
low hanging balls.  He was surely erect.



   I chanced the moment and said, "I'm so horny I could even suck your
cock, dude!" When he didn't reply, I pushed on, "Give ya your first blow,
man.  Nothing wrong with a buddy helping out another in need."



   When he still remained silent, I slid down the bench and dared reach
under the towel and massaged his balls.  His eyes were closed and he hadn't
protested, I dared to grasp his cock with my other hand.



   Enzo had a fat, meaty cock about six-inches long.  I muttered, `What a
fool your girlfriend is for not wanting to suck your beautiful cock.  But I
told you already, guys are much better at it." I went down on him expecting
him to have a change of mind at any second.  He only spread his legs wider
to allow me access.  A sense of triumph overwhelmed me ...  Enzo was mine
at least for the short time.



   Interrupting us was the sound of someone entering the changeroom
obviously undressing.  Cursing fate, I retreated back to the wall and
covered myself up.  An elderly man entered naked with a towel in hand,
greeted us, and took a seat on the bench below.



   Five minutes later after chit-chat, I said to Enzo, "Well, let's get
home now, buddy.  Crawling off the top tier I gave the old man a full
closeup view of my shrivelling, dripping erection, the look on his face was
priceless.



   I was afraid that would be it ...  fun time over.  At least he hadn't
cum yet, the end all, changes all attitude when not only boys, but men felt
remorse.  Young or older, both were fickle and I never intentionally paused
sex even from the short distance between the livingroom to the bedroom. 
Once you had them excited you kept them excited to the end.



   Enzo was quiet when we rode the elevator up, both wearing only our
towels, bathing suits in hand.  I wondered if that would be it and he would
dress and make a hasty exit in shame.  Unlike straight men, boys felt that
getting blown was just as gay as returning the favor.  Straight men even
fucked ass without a moment's shame, still the same, they dressed and left
in a hurry after getting their rocks off.



   * * *



   I lived above a western style bar, `Bottle Screw Billy's." Out of sport
I would sometimes go down there nearing closing time and watch the crowd
diminish and spotting the guys who didn't score a woman.  Some weren't hard
on the eyes as others, either.  I would befriend them and later and
blatantly offering a blowjob at my place above the bar.  Some even
reciprocated in the heat of passion, most wanted to get off and get out as
quickly as possible.



   * * *



   When we walked into my place, it was clear that Enzo was feeling the
shame and guilt that so many did.  I took his hand and led him to the
bedroom hoping there was a spark of interest.  I fell to my knees and
removed his towel taking his flaccid chubby cock in my mouth.  Moments
later he was erect I thanked my lucky stars.



   Enticing a boy to ejeculation is more diffcult than most guys realize.
Until he is comfortable enough to enjoy it fully, he will be apprehensive
about what he allowed himself to get into.  There was always the chance
that he would pull away suddenly, mind made up to leave at any given time
if the shame was too much for him to ward off.



   I tried to ease his conscience, should he be having any second thoughts.
"It doesn't make you gay, dude.  It doesn't even make me gay by wanting to
suck your cock.  Sometimes things just happen between guys ...  good
friends willing to help each other out in the most intimate of ways."



   Enzo still said nothing as I lay him in the bed and crawled between his
legs to continue what I started even if it took me hours to get him off.  I
didn't have to wait that long, I felt his cock throb in both my hand and
around his shaft and my mouth over half his shaft.  Seconds later he
yelped, hands grasped the bed sheets and a tart fluid hit my taste buds



   Much to my surprise that inspired me to work him harder, if that was
possible, he screamed, "I wanna suck your nice cock!" Whether or not he
would live up to that was the million-dollar question, it was probably said
in the heat of passion.

   There were dribblers and then there were cummers, Enzo was a cummer like
I'd never experienced before --man or boy.  When Enzo's acorn-size balls
exploded he went into body spasms twitching and shaking.  I held his
generous offering in my bottom palate to savor until the last morsel of
semen had been coerced while Enzo's cock went soft, at which time I
swallowed the bittersweet load in two savoring gulps.



   Spent, I let Enzo rest.  Both arms were over his eyes and I wondered if
he was reasoning with the pleasure he allowed himself to receive or if he
was beating himself over the wrong of it.



   I covered our nude bodies with a blanket as I moved up to lie next to
him, an arm around his shoulder with my body close to his and asked
intimately close to his ear.  "You okay, dude?"



   Enzo shrugged his shoulders and nodded his head.  "Guess so," he said .



   "You enjoyed it, right?" I asked squeezing him tighter into my body
feeling my yet to be satisfied precm soaked hard cock quite unintentional
between his warm buttocks.



   An urge came over me to rape the little beauty ...  fuck him silly in
order to show him I was still a man in case he was thinking lesser of me my
cock was soaked in precum



   "I clearly heard you say that you wanted to suck my cock, Enzo?!" I said
with disappointment .  I easily rolled both our bodies and lay on top of
him, my cock never stopped slowly dry-humping his cheeks.  "Guys don't
usually say that unless they mean it deep down inside."



   "I, I'm not gay, though!"



   "I keep telling you you're not gay ...  just horny like I am.  Let loose
and have some fun, no one is going to know about this, Enzo."



   "I really should go now, I have to be at work at 7am."



   "You can stay here the night and walk the two blocks to work instead of
taking the bus home and back.  We can have another beer ...  smoke some
pot, and order a pizza."



   "You have pot?"



   "Yes, believe it or not, I do." I kept an ounce in the freezer for such
occasions, although not a big fan of it myself.  "I also have ecstasy if ya
want ."



   That peaked his interest,.  "You have EX?"



   "You want?" I knew the answer, every teenager was into the recreational
drug especially used at concerts or rave dances.



   "Hell, yeah!



   Although he was a little intimidated, on my insistence we stayed naked.
I couldn't get enough of seeing his beautiful body so perfect in every way.
I ordered a pizza and wings fetched us a beer and the baggie of ecstasy
sitting next to him on the sofa running my hand up and down his back and
watched him roll a joint on the coffee table.



   I was surprised when he offered to shotgun, our lips so intimately close
together exchanging the smoke.  I would have loved to have kissed him but
knew that move would not be very welcome to a boy struggling to accept his
first sexual experience was with another guy ...  and had only just began.



   Our bellies were full after the meal as well as our drug induced minds.
I went down on him again wanting to feel it grow in my mouth.  It didn't
take long before Enzo was hard.  I moved to the floor between his legs to
lick and suck his satiny hairless balls..  My tongue explored the area
between his scrotum and rectum driving him wild, and when dared go lower
and flick my tongue over his mangina, he was cooing and forced my head into
his bottom.  I stopped him from jerking off and cumming to soon ...  I had
other plans while he was in the mood.



   Giving him unselfish pleasure for a long while, it was my turn.  My cock
ached, begging for relief.  I stood up with cock in hand and leaned into
Enzo placing a hand on his head leaving no doubt as to what I wanted.



   Enzo looked up and met my eyes looking down at him.  He reached and took
the shaft in a trembling hand.  I could only imagine the thoughts going
through his head ...  an act he would never forget the rest of his life if
he went ahead with it.  It was his decision and I wasn't going to pressure
him.



   Enzo studied my genitals, not in a disgusted way, more that of amusement
as his hand stroked me ever so gently.  He was clearly battling his demons,
a lifetime of social values and morals instilled in his brain that what he
wanted to do was wrong, sinful, and worst of all, afraid that he might like
it.



   * * *



   I would later learn Enzo and best friend Jacob slept in the backyard
tent at the later age of twelve, almost thirteen.  Enzo far ahead than
Jacob in the midst of puberty, he was growing hair and could cum after a
long masturbation session thinking about Laura Cooper, his heart throb when
most boys his age couldn't care less about the fairer sex, but that he
didn't know exactly what he would do with Laura, only that his fantasy
imagined her in the nude.



   That night with Jacob scared him.  Jacob wanted to see him cum, unable
to do so himself.  Enzo told him to give him a hand job if he really wanted
to see it.  Jacob did, the feel of another hand on his cock was erotic and
he came much sooner than ever before.  He liked it and had Jacob do it
several more times after that night, he begged for a blowjob, but Jacob
refused every time.



   * * *



   Enzo felt like Jacob must have being pressured regularly to sacrifice
his dignity to a degree above his comfort level other than giving Enzo hand
jobs on demand.  It was Enzo's turn to be humiliated.  The man's hard cock
was not at all that repulsive, rather nice, quite frankly, not that he
didn't looked at the men showering at the rec center, interesting, least of
all in a sexual way, simply admiration.  Even some of the boys in his gym
class showered afterward, no longer mandatory, many guys didn't.  However,
he'd never seen another mature erection other than his own.



   He built up the courage and opened his mouth after wiping away the gooey
precum and took just the head inside.  It had no distinctive taste, perhaps
a little salty and metallic.  A musky odor hit his senses emitting from the
crotch, even that wasn't hard to accept, really.  Enzo took more shaft
applying lots of saliva to it and proceeded to give his first blowjob.



   I was impressed, Enzo had taken it without much ado and he was doing a
fine job of it.  I wasn't going to last very long, already I felt my balls
churn and tried to hold off as long a possible.  He never asked that I not
cum in his mouth as most boys did, not that it mattered, I would have
anyway giving them the choice of swallowing or spitting it out later.



   Maybe it was the ecstasy that drove Enzo into a cock-pig.  He sucked and
slurped and bobbed actually enjoying the dirty deed.  His fist kept pace
with his mouth up and down the shaft.  I looked down to see him pounding
his meat.  It was all too surreal.  Enzo was the least likely of all the
boys I brought home from work to get into sex with another guy.  Only one
other boy, Peter, who admitted that he was gay could compare to the effort
Enzo was putting forth.



   My body spasmed, the peak of orgasm had struck and I blasted away.  Not
one to fancy beating my own cock, it had been a few weeks since I last blew
a load and Enzo was in for a pent-up gusher.  My cum was drooling from the
sides of his mouth looking like a rabid dog.  My cum had not deterred his
enthusiasm, if possible, he seemed to put in more effort in speed along the
shaft.  I didn't realize it then, but he was also cumming, gobs of it
soiled the brown carpet that wouldn't have been a first time, let it dry
and then vacuum it up later; a soapy cloth took out the stains easily.



   We sucked each other off again in a sixty nine that night in bed.  When
Enzo came, he lost all interest in getting me off.  I didn't mind, I got
what I wanted out of the hunky kid and if he never came over again, that it
would be okay too.  That was pretty well assured as in the morning he was
quiet and wouldn't look me in the eye as he ate his toast fully dressed not
chancing taking a shower where it was likely I would join him.



   Enzo avoided me at work long after our sexual tryst.  He quit a few
months later for reasons unknown.  However, the parking department had a
high turnover in staff and there was never a shortage of fresh meat to hit
on!



   THE END



   Robloveboy2@gmail.com
 
For more Loveboy stories visit my website
robloveboy2.wordpress.com 
