
               

Nerve Endings - 10
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

I get my turn as 'Master' as Angie and I wash the car 
in the front yard. (ff-teens, exh)

***

Since it was afternoon, it was now my turn to rule over 
Angie. Payback time! We stood naked in my room, as I 
decided what she would wear for the afternoon 
festivities.

"Okay, Angie, here's what you have to do. Today you 
will help me wash Mom's car."

"Easy. I can handle that. I thought you would really 
lay it on me after this morning."

"I'm not finished. You will wear a pair of almost 
transparent panties from my Mom's laundry basket. For 
the top you will wear my old baby doll P. J. top."

"In the front yard?" she asked as she trembled. "I 
can't go out there almost naked! The neighbors will 
call the cops for sure!"

"You made me go almost naked to the pool. Turnabout is 
fair play. Unless you want to give in, and go without 
sex for the rest of the day."

"Oh, alright, but I hope we don't get caught."

I went downstairs and pulled a pair of Mom's old 
underwear from the wash basket, and raced back up the 
stairs to my naked little pixie. Angie pulled the 
panties up. They were really baggy, and I could see her 
pretty little cunt through the loose leg holes. They 
hung low on her cute little buns, and were almost were 
falling off. Then I dressed her in my old baby doll 
top, which had a tie in the front, and hung open down 
to her rib cage. Being silk it let her perky little 
nipples show plainly, and barely covered her little 
breasts on the side and top.

"Wow, Angie, you look cool. You are my little slut for 
the afternoon. I can see almost all of your breasts and 
nipples from the side and top. You're getting me wet."

Angie giggled and pulled her leg opening to the side 
and flashed her swollen clit at me. Then she arched her 
back and turned around, and stuck her rear out, and 
pulled the fabric up her crack, and wiggled sexily. I 
panted, and grabbed her cute little buns.

I pulled a loose tee over my naked body and grabbed 
Angie's hand. We went into the kitchen to get the 
bucket and soap. Then we went through the garage. I 
opened the door and pulled mom's SUV out into the 
driveway.

Angie hung back inside the garage trying to cover her 
cunt and breasts! I grabbed her arm and hauled her quaking 
little body out into the sunlight. I looked up and down 
the street and everybody was inside. I handed Angie a 
sponge and turned on the hose to mix the soap. Then I 
told Angie to wet her sponge, as I began to hose off 
the truck.

I pushed the little step stool over with my foot and 
Angie climbed up to reach over the top. When she was 
totally stretched out I turned the hose on her. She 
shrieked as the cold water hit her, and I giggled as I 
continued to squirt her all over. The baby doll top 
immediately became transparent, and Angie's nipples 
swelled from the cold water, until they were sticking 
out hard. I moved the spray down to her butt and the 
underwear drooped, as it got soaked, and bagged off her 
cute little rear end.

By now Angie was panting and moaning, as she clung to 
the roof, and rubbed her soaked little frame against 
the side of the SUV. The sun was very hot and the warm 
metal aroused her big clit, until it was poking up 
against the door. 

I turned the hose on harder and directed the stream 
into her crack, and ran it up and down, until the 
panties fell down around her ankles. Now she was naked 
from the waist down in my front yard. I began to run 
the hose up and down her back, as she twitched and 
humped the door. I moved closer and reached up and 
ripped the baby dolls off, and threw them on the lawn.

Angie clung to the truck as her hips jammed back and 
forth against the door. She was jerking, as I saw her 
throw her wet hair back, and stiffen, as an orgasm 
swept over her. As she humped the door I walked around 
to the other side. I saw her nipples flattened against 
the door window, as water cascaded over her. Her mouth 
was hanging open, and she was gasping loudly, as she 
careened back and forth, and up and down on the car.

"Jan! You're driving me nuts! I can't take much more of 
this! Oh, unh, unh, oh God!"

I walked back around and moved behind her, and ran the 
hose down her crack and up between her legs, and into 
her cunt, as she cried out. She jerked her butt, as 
convulsions wracked her body. She was clinging to the 
top with white knuckles, as I worked the hose in and 
out of her cunt, and jammed my fingers into her tight 
little rear end. She humped the hose, and my hand, 
faster and harder, until she screamed again, as she 
shook and twitched furiously! Her wet body was shining 
in the sun, and I pressed against her, as an orgasm ran 
up my nipples and tingled through my sopping wet cunt.

I was totally soaked, and my tee was also transparent. 
I told Angie to go around to the other side of the 
truck, to the grass strip that ran along the wall of 
the neighbor's house. It blocked the view from up the 
street. I ordered Angie to lie down on the soaking wet 
grass on her back, and I began to hose her again, as 
she lay there, in a virtual pond of water.

"Spread your legs; put your hands over your head. Now 
I' m going to fuck you again with the hose."

"Oh God, NO! Please Jan, no more! Oh, please, my 
nipples are so hard they ache. and my clit is stiff! 
Oh, fuck me, please!" she cried as I moved the hose in 
and out.

I straddled her hips and turned the water down, and 
stuck the nozzle in her mouth. She sucked on the 
nozzle, as the water poured out the sides of her mouth. 
I shoved my free hand up her cunt and worked it in and 
out, as I rubbed her clit with my thumb. Angie was 
jerking all over the place, as I pumped her harder and 
harder, until she tensed and bit her lower lip, and 
bucked her hips up in the air. She came, and came, and 
came.

As she slowly sank down into the deep puddle, I turned 
off the hose, ripped my tee off, and threw myself down 
on top of her wet body. I began to slide up and down on 
her slick skin. My nipples stroked her stomach and up 
to her mouth, where she greedily sucked on one, until 
it was sticking straight up. Jolts went through me, as 
she sucked harder and moaned. I forced my cunt lips 
against her huge clit, and began to fuck her, as I 
crushed her lips with mine. I sucked her beautiful long 
tongue deep into my mouth, and groaned, as I humped her 
faster.

Angie opened her eyes, and stared at me, as an orgasm 
rocked me from top to bottom. I was pounding her poor 
little body, when I suddenly felt her tense up. I 
looked at her inquiringly, and she motioned with her 
eyes toward the upstairs window in the neighbor's 
house. I turned my head and looked up as I lay spread 
eagled on top of Angie, both of us stark naked and 
sopping wet.

Standing in the window was our new neighbor, staring 
down at us. Angie quivered under me in fright, as I 
trembled on top of her.

Then the lady grinned, and ran her hand down to her 
crotch in her pants, and began to rub her mound. Her 
other hand went up to fondle her breasts. We stared. 
Then Angie began to fuck her clit into me again. I 
turned back and kissed her hard, as I jerked out 
another orgasm, intensified by knowing the lady was 
watching me ravish my little lover. Angie stiffened and 
jerked, as her orgasm hit too.

We staggered to our feet, looking like two drowned 
rats, and wobbled into the garage. Angie kept clinging 
to me, and kissing me over and over, as she thanked me 
again and again for the wonderful orgasms. I grinned as 
I fondled her sweet bottom, and ran my hand up and down 
her crack. We found some towels and dried off. Angie 
looked up at me and said, "Let's go back out and finish 
the car, what do you think?" I gasped and looked out at 
the street.

"Really? We might get caught." 

"I dare you," she giggled.

"Okay, let's do it, but run if you see anybody come 
out."

So two perfectly proportioned, naked, very sexy little 
girls, walked out in the hot sun, and washed the rest 
of the car, and even dried it, in and out, in their 
birthday suits. Every time we bent down our tits would 
hang down, and sway gently back and forth. I stared at 
Angie's rear when she bent over. I could see her lips 
and tight little hole, as her cheeks flexed, and I 
almost swooned. She watched me constantly, too, and 
panted softly, as she licked her lips.

"I'm so turned on my cunt is dripping," I said, as I 
dried off the last of the windows.

"I keep getting little shivers up and down my spine 
knowing I'm naked, and some one may be looking out 
their front windows, and jacking off watching us. It's 
awesome how that lady looking down on us turned me 
hotter, while we were fucking on the grass."

"Come over here. I'm going to hold your naked body 
against me, and kiss you, as I fondle your nipples, 
right here in front of the whole neighborhood."

"Oh, God, this is sooo hot! Oh, that feels so bad, and 
good! Finger me, while I run my finger into your 
butt, my little slut! Oh God I can't believe we're 
fucking out here!"

Then we came, and clung to each other, until the waves 
eased.

I grabbed Angie and we ran into the garage, looking 
nervously up and down the block. Luckily there was only 
an empty street. I closed the garage door after 
bringing Mom's SUV in.

We giggled as we went up to my room, and dove on each 
other on the bed. I threw my arms and legs around 
Angie, and we fucked like bunnies, until I heard the 
garage door opener running. We jumped up, and threw on 
tees, and ran down to say Hi to Dad, as he came into 
the house. He asked how our day was, and we giggled, 
and looked at each other. 

"We had a good one, as always, when we are together."

"Good, now go get the groceries in the car, and call 
Mom so her friend can drive her home."

"Sure, Dad," We chimed, as we flashed him running out 
the door. We heard him gasp at the sight of our cute 
naked little bottoms, showing below the hems of our 
tees, as they rode up while we ran. I glanced at Angie 
and she grinned back.

We are sooo bad!


