Tina was angry. She couldn't explain it, but basically everything that could possibly go wrong in one day had for her and she was angry at the world. Unfortunately, the world was not at her disposal, but one young slave boy was.

The moment she came home from schooling, Tina practically growled at him, "Mike, undress, now. On the bed, face down."

Now, her original plan had been to fuck it out, have sex with Mike until she was screaming out her frustrations, but when she was raiding through her special drawer for the needed lubricant and condoms, she realized that she had not experimented with any of her punishment tools yet. It was sick, but yes, she needed to be violent right now. She needed violence.

She had bought a couple of implements - a tiny leather paddle, a wood ruler paddle, a braided flogger with roses at the ends and a more traditional rubber one with nine tails. She picked the rubber one, feeling too aggressive to toy with anything else.

Her beautiful, naked boy was lying face down on the bed by the time she calmed down enough to pick the thing up. She glanced over and then got her favorite pair of leather bindings too. She tied him down to the bed, not explaining herself at all. His nerves - well they were hot. She practically ripped off her dress, leaving herself in a bra and panties.

"Do you trust me Mike?" she asked softly.

"Of course."

He didn't hesitate. It was precious.

She brought the tails of the flogger down on his perfect back. It wasn’t exactly a harsh toy, but it was a little surprising when he didn’t know that it was coming. He hissed, a quick intake of breath that made horny overcome angry a little bit, as far as Tina’s system was concerned. Still, she was angry and she took out the anger of how horrible her day was on her slave boy. Still, she whipped him slowly, making each one count, until there was a mess of soft red welts covering his back, all the way down to his perfect ass.

Finally, he started making noises, soft groans and grunts of pain that made her ridiculously wet. It was sick, what a sadist she was. She came down on him, angrily.

She stopped, knowing that she had reached his limit when his legs stopped tensing.

She leaned down and kissed his neck from behind, unable to resist biting down. Her fingers traced the marks on his skin, mostly a soft red, except for a few harsher marks where the tips had hit.

He whimpered a little bit, and she felt guilty. It was stupid, but the aroused girl felt tears spring up to her eyes, not because she had hurt Mike, but because she was so conflicted. The roles, they were starting to get to her, and maybe that was why she had been so angry that day.

For other owners, it didn’t seem as hard. Hell, Quinn Fabray freaking paraded her blonde little Sam around town naked sometimes, Blaine talked about Kurt bending over on command like it was nothing, and she couldn’t help wince a little bit when she saw Mr. Schuester, her Spanish teacher’s slave Rachel, a girl her own age, definitely the man’s treasure but his property all the same.

She treated Mike like a slave just as much as those owners did, but she had feelings for him too. The balance was not easy to maintain.

Mike struggled to turn his head around, to look at her.

"I'm sorry," Tina mumbled softly, leaning against Mike's shoulder, sniffing and nearly sobbing in her attempt not to cry like a baby. Mike was a slave and she shouldn't care so much, but she did. Mike wasn't just her possession, though he was a fantastic possession. He was someone who she cared about and who she should not have taken her frustrations out on. "I totally freaked the fuck out and it wasn't okay. Can you forgive me?"

Mike turned his head a little bit and he laughed, a beautiful sound.

"Course," he said softly. "I think I might be a little...um, I think masochistic is the word, Tina."

She turned towards him and her eyes got wide. "You liked that?" she asked.

"Not entirely," Mike amended, and he was so painfully honest that it was adorable. "You have an amazing arm on you. I'm gonna have trouble getting around tomorrow, but some of it was...nice, worth exploring more."

"Damn it, I think I love you," she said; wrapping her arms around him, backing off a little bit when he winced.

Suddenly, her bad day didn't seem so bad. She untied him, watching as he rubbed his wrists, turned around and winced.

"Come on, I'm making this up to you. I think you deserve a little present for catering to my silly whims.”

Tina dragged him over to the other side of the room, where her desk was. She didn't know what she was doing; well, she knew that she was crossing a line. Tina had always been one to cross the line, just a little. That made her smile into the kiss, as she pushed Mike down into her desk chair. He winced and mumbled, "Hey," but he had a surprised smile on his face. She yanked down his underwear and stared at him, intently. It was playful, amusing and she wanted to keep him guessing.

People always talked about getting bored with their slaves and here Tina was, hoping Mike never got bored with her.

It was a role reversal that she could handle. She curiously dropped down to her knees, still wearing only her bra and panties. The ground was cold but she wanted to try this. She had never gone down on a guy before, so the sight of his semi-erect member staring her in the face was a little intimidating. “Let’s try this,” she chuckled, before very carefully licking at the tip. Mike stared at her with huge eyes.

Okay, it wasn’t that scary. She took a little bit in and sucked, gently. She used her tongue, trailing it along, going deeper. She made a small sound, stroking at his thighs.

“Mhm,” she moaned and felt him shudder.

She had a feeling she was doing something right when she took him in deep and he practically choked her with his sudden movement forward. She held his hips, backing up a little bit.

After a few moments of gently exploring him, he came, without much warning. It was a weird feeling, swallowing like that, but she did with just a slight choke.

“Damn,” Tina said, smirking. “I think I love you.”

Mike was kind of staring. “That was…brilliant.”

She laughed. “I know, I kinda am,” she said, crawling up his body and kissing him again.