Back to school 
by Anonymous

I had dropped out of school two years before. I decided to go back and try and graduate doing both my grades 11 and 12 in the same year. I didn't get along with any of the other girls in my class. I hung out with the guys and tried not to talk to any of the girls. I had friends outside of the school that had already graduated. The other girls really didn't like that I hung out with all their boyfriends.

When any of them ask why I hang out with their men I would just laugh and walk away and ask if they were scared of a little competition. When I did it to one of the girls she ran up behind me and pushed me into the wall and yelled at me asking what I had said. If it was 2 years earlier I would have started a fight right there and then.

I couldn't or I wouldn't be allowed to continue going to school. So I told her she was dead, it was Friday so I know they would all be hanging out later. I told her later tonight she was mine I was going to kick her ass. I pushed her into the wall and told her to meet me in the park behind the Elementary school close to both our houses.

Later that night I didn't want any of my friends to know I was going to fight a chick 2 years younger than me and I really didn't think I would need any backup. So I went alone to meet up with her. When I got there, a lot of people had already been there waiting. I guess word got out. She came walking up with 4 of her friends with her. Glad u brought ur bitches to make sure u got home all right after I kicked ur ass.

She took off her backpack and handed it to one of her friends. She walked up to me and got into my face. I asked her if she really thought she had a chance against a girl 2 years older than her. As I was saying "her" she punched me with an uppercut to the nose. I was wrong this girl is a lot stronger than I thought.

My eyes started to water a bit as she hit me in the face next. Then tackled me to the ground. Stunned I tried to cover my face but she sat on my arms with her knees and started to slap me in the face. Mocking me asking me if I was scared of a little competition. She turned her head to her friend and told them to open her backpack they pulled out the rope from in the bag and walked it over to her.

She told them to tie my feet together. They did as they were told and walked to my head. She grabbed both my hand and rolled me over onto my stomach. They tied my hands behind my back as she grabbed me by the hair asking if I was still hers tonight. She slammed my head to the ground and shook me up. All of the girls grabbed me and carried me to one of their cars in the parking lot.

Everyone followed, and they threw me Into the trunk of the car. They turned around, and yelled; Make sure you all have your phones on you, so you will all know what happens to her tonight. They started to drive, it was not a long drive. They stopped and turned the car off and opened the trunk, pulling me out.

They carried me around to the back of a house where there were a lot of people drinking and parting. They all cheered as they carried me in. They untied me and I tried to fight back by Punching and slapping her. She was much stronger than I was and pushed me to the ground. I jumped back up and ran at her, she ducked and drove her shoulder into my stomach picking me up.

I slapped her back as she slapped my arse walking me around the yard before putting me down. Her friends grabbed me and held me back. She asked if I liked hanging out with all their boyfriends. I said I was sorry and would not hang out with them anymore. They laughed and said it was too late.

She grabbed my shirt ripping it open. I had a blue bra on and she went right for it. She ripped it in two exposing my breasts to everyone. She slapped my boobs and pinched my nipples. She wasted no time in removing my pants next. She hooked her hand in the waistband and I begged her not to, but she pulled them down anyway. Everyone saw my pink G-sting that covered nothing really. I was so embarrassed getting stripped in front of the entire party. She pulled my pants right off and they tied me to a tree in the yard.

Whilst I was tied to the tree in just my G-string she reached down and pulled it up my arse giving me a wedgie, then she started to slap my arse. She spun me around and slapped my face. She ripped my G-string down to the ground showing everyone my shaved pussy. They tied my hands, above my head, from a high branch to the base of the tree. Sticking a chair in between me and the tree so I had to bend over.

When I bent over everyone could see my arsehole and pussy. She went back to slapping my arse. She also started to play with my pussy and arsehole. She asked if the girl who lived there had any toys. She said no but they have long-shaped food. The girl came outside with a cucumber and a carrot. She shoved the cucumber into my arse and slapped it with the carrot and slid the carrot into my pussy.

In front of everyone, she fucked me with the carrot sliding it in and out of my pussy making me thrust. She just laughed and yelled because she was enjoying this so much.
"What a slut!" She said
She then bent over me and whispered in my ear.
"I'm going to fuck you till you come."
It didn't take long till I came. She pulled the carrot out and shoved it into my mouth, asking if I like the taste of my pussy. She untied the rope from the tree and kept me on my knees, asking if any guy wanted a blow job. One guy walked up and undid his pants pulling them down and sticking his arse in my face. She shoved my face into his arse telling me to eat his arsehole. I had no choice, but to lick his arse.
After that they let me go but didn't give me back any of my clothes. I ran out into the front yard, trying to figure out where I was. Crying and embarrassed I had to try and run back to my car at the park. Every now and then I had to hide from other cars and people. I got back to my car and fell to the ground crying, I had no keys they were back at the party. I decided to run home I made it home and wanted to die. I never wanted to go back to school. They had set up an iPad and taped the whole thing and sent it to the whole class. I want to get that bitch back. I don't want it to backfire on me, cause she is much stronger then I am.
