I blinked twice.  "I didn't just hear another voice in my head.  No, definitely not."

"Umm, yeah sweetie, you did.  You aren't imagining me, it's really another voice in your head."  

The voice sounded female.  I rolled my eyes and thought about my real form.  Once again, I was male, but with a much more toned body.  And "Ahem", a longer, thicker rod.  I figure if this isn't real, I might as well have fun.  And if it is and it wears off, I always wanted to be bigger.

Okay, so here is where I was.  I woke up this morning without a dick, played with myself until I had a female orgasm (which blows away a guys orgasm btw), took a shower and realized that I could shift my shape between male and female.  Oh yeah, and now I was hearing another voice in my head.

"That about sums it up sweet cheeks."  I could almost hear the laughter.  "Where are you in the world?" the voice asked.

"Houston, Texas" I answered out loud.  Well, I am sure that I could have 'spoken' in my head, but I was having enough trouble digesting the fact that 15 minutes ago, I had a pussy.

"Oh good.  You need to come see me in Austin.  Thank god it's not that far.  The last one was in Seattle!!"
"Last one?  Last one what?"
"Don't worry.  You gonna get your buns out here, or what?"
"Uhh, I guess I don't have a choice?"
"Nope, you sure don't.  Get movin!"  
"Wait...Hello?  HELLO?!?"

Well, whoever she was, she sounded sure of herself, and cute!  What was the worst that could happen?  Okay, wait.  No, I didn't just say that.  I take it back.  Aww fuck.

I got dressed in a pair of jeans and a teeshirt, grabbed my keys, slipped on my sandals and sunglasses and jumped into my car.  I had a lot of time during the four hour drive to think about what was happeneing to me.  Was I upset?  Hmm, no, not really.  Was I scared?  Come to think of it, no.  Was I a bit freaked?  Awwww yeah boyee!  Got that one right.  I was 26 years old, I worked as a bartender, and I lived alone.  And oh yeah, I could change sex whenever I wanted to.  Whoa...

As I screamed at the top of my lungs out of the top of my convertible to vent a little of the weirdness, I felt a little better.  I had decided against changing while I was driving so I didn't cause an accident, and the voice was silent, even after trying to speak many times.  I was driving up into the hill country, getting close to the outskirts of town when she came back into my head.

"Getting close eh?"
"Yeah, how did you know?"
"it's a secret!"
"Gawd, okay.  Where am I going?"

She gave me directions to a burger joint near 6th street that I think I had been to once before.  I parked outside, put up the top, and locked the car.  I stood there for a few minutes leaning against my car, trying to calm myself.  As I was about to take the plunge, I heard her voice once more, except in my ears instead of in my head and right behind me.

"Oooh, nice buns..." she drawled slowly. 

I turned around to face.....Alicia.  

(For those who didn't read the first part, Alicia isn't real except in my head.  She is a combination of several women I have dated.)  

My jaw dropped as her grin got wider.  She walked up and shut my gaping jaw with one long, red painted fingernail.  She was just as I had imagined she would look like.  She had her ample chest incased in a tight white teeshirt, ass-hugging shorts, short cropped black hair, and sparkling blue eyes.  I was totally speechless.  She wacked me in the butt as she walked by me and said, "Come on..." as she walked into the restaurant.  I shook my head and followed her luscious bouncing booty into the joint.

She walked up to the hostess stand, caught the girls attention and gave her name.  She turned around and moved back toward me.  She put her hands on my shoulders, pushing me into the seat and sat in my lap.  She wiggled for a minute, making me harder than I had ever been in my life.  I felt the blood rush away from my brain and into my pants as she whispered breathily in my ear, "Don't change here, okay?  We are just going to talk..."  She punctuated the last word with a lick of her tongue along the outside of my ear.  I slid my arms around her and pulled her in closer as her tongue teased my ear.  This went on for a few minutes until they called "Nikki?" and she popped off my lab, grabbing my hand and pulling me towards the front.  

The hostess was checking us both out the whole walk to the table, not even hiding the fact that she was staring at Nikki's endowments and my package.  She sat us in a corner and told us our server would be with us shortly.  We looked at the menu's, ordered meals and drinks, and then she turned to me once the waiter had brought our drinks.

"You, my friend, are what is known as a Doppleganger."  She smiled and sat back taking a sip of her drink, letting it set in.  I'll admit I knew very little about it except for the monster in D&D that looked really funky.

"So I can change my shape into anything I want?  Male or Female?"
She nodded.  "Not just either sex, but combinations, extra parts, fantasy type stuff."
I was confused.  "You mean I can be a Furry, with two dicks and a pair of tits on my back?"
She grinned and didn't say anything.  Okay, this is really strange.

"Why?"
Her expression turned sweet as she said, "We can help people who deserve it.  Plus, our powers wane if you use them only for self-benefit."
"So what....  We fulfill people's fantasy by becoming what they most desire?  How?"
"I don't know how it works.  You'll begin to hear a person's thought who is deserving.  How that is determined, I don't know.  It'll start as a whisper and get stronger as you search them out.  Once you figure out who the subject is, you'll be able to see what they are most wanting, most desiring."

Conversation turned to neutral things as the waiter brought the food, taking several extra moments to put her dish down so he could stare at her nipples poking through the shirt.  We ate and talked about music, and other things.  Finishing up the meal, I paid the bill and turned to her saying, "You said we, and our.  I take it that you are one too?"

She smiled and nodded.  "When a 'new' one of us is created, the closest one usually gets a special feeling.  You and me, and a girl in Seattle are the only ones I know of in the US.  There are plenty around, just not sure how to find any others unless I get a 'call', you know what I mean?"

I nodded, not really understanding the specifics, but I caught the general idea.  "So what do I do now?"
She grinned wickedly and slid across the booth until our thighs were touching.  She wrapped her arms around my neck, pushing her cleavage against my arm and whispered in my ear once more.  "We go back to my place, do some experimenting, and enjoy ourselves, yes?"  She finished the sentence with another lick of my ear, but this time she slid it into my ear.  I never thought a wet-willie could turn me on, but my cock was rock solid in 30 seconds flat.  

I dropped the money for the bill, took her hand and made my way to the exit.  We practially ran into the parking lot and over to my car.  She let go of my hand and kept going yelling, "Follow!"  I jumped in my car, pulled out and saw her red camaro reverse quickly and turn, peeling out of the parking lot.  The sexual tension had been building throughout dinner was so thick you could smell it in the air.  In fact, as I was driving, I could smell something distinct still.  I wondered about it for a few minutes before hearing her voice in my head.

"It's our scent.  You are more animal than human really.  Know about pheremones?"
"Yeah, what about them?"
"You are more sensitive to them now. "
"So you're saying I can smell you from back here??"
She giggled, saying "Yeah.  Besides, if you weren't sensitive to the pheremones I am giving off, you should be able to smell my hot, wet, pussy from back there anyway.  I have never been this fired up in my whole life.  You better be ready my friend...."

My mostly hard dick turned to granite in my pants as we sat at a light.  She was staring at me in her rearview mirror and winked as the light turned green.  She made a left turn and pulling into the second driveway.  I pulled in right behind her and shut off my car.  I climbed out as she ran up the stairs, beckoning me with her eyes.  The smell in the air was even stronger now that we were close, it was almost intoxicating.  I locked my car and pelted up the stairs after her.

I practically ran through the open door into her foyer and heard it slam shut behind me.  She was standing there against the door with a look of pure lust in her eyes.  The smell in the air was intoxicating.  It was the smell of flowers, and spice, and for lack of a better term, pure heat.  I felt slightly light headed as I moved back to the door and smothered her lips with mine.  Her tongue rammed down my throat as she wrapped her arms and legs around me.  I put my hands under her ass and held her against the door, grinding my hips into hers, losing myself in the exstacy of the moment.

She moaned deep in her throat as her hands gripped my shirt by the shoulders.  She clenched her legs around my waist as she ripped her hands up and out, taking my now tattered shirt with her.  I leaned back in shock as she dropped the tatters of my shirt and ended up flat on my back two seconds later as she swept my legs out from under me.  There was a wild look in her eyes as she made short work of my jeans and underwear.  She licked her lips as she exposed my fully erect johnson.  The head was purpled and swollen as she slid a hand around it and caressed it lightly.  Her touch was so light, it made every inch of my dick yearn to be inside her.  She licked her full red lips and engulfed my turgid member between her lips.  She sucked on the head as her tongue licked into the hole in the tip.  Her hand was beginning to move faster and faster as my senses were driven wild.

I began to gasp and moan and writhe on the floor as her head dipped lower and lower with each stroke.  She began to moan deeply in her throat and play with my balls as I teetered near the edge.  She must have known I was about to come because she jammed my whole cock into her mouth and down her throat, her tongue bathing the base of my cock with warm saliva.  I screamed her name, "NNNNNIIIIIKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" and blew the most powerful orgasm into her waiting mouth and down her throat.  

The next thing I knew was the feeling of her mouth on my cock once more.  She was cleaning it up as it began to relax and go down.  She looked up at me and realized that I had come back from the planet she had sent me to and kept playing with my spent member as she moved up and gave me a long wet passionate kiss.  I could taste the remnants of my seed in her mouth, and smell her powerfully once more.  The kiss became deeper and more passionate as I reached for her heaving chest.  She broke the kiss and stood up.  

"You can't do me right on the floor, come on."  She reached down and gave me a hand up, I fairly flew off the floor she was so strong.  Something was not what it appeared for a girl of her size to pull me up so easily.  She must have been reading my mind when she said, "Questions later, Fucking now..."