Little Sister's Amazing Underboob
by IronBuddah

Chapter 14: Eating at Home

My cock was absolutely raging. For one thing, it had been thirty hours since I had last had sex with my sister on the floor of the van at the end of the camping trip. For another, as I was walking home from the bus stop, Tanya had sent me a text saying, “Come to my room when you get home.”

I dropped my backpack at the door, went up the stairs two at a time, and burst into my sister’s room without knocking. Tanya was standing up waiting for me wearing nothing but the little crop top which had caused me to ask to touch her tits. It was hard to believe that started us down the path of becoming sibling lovers two days ago. My cock nearly erupted in my pants. “Damn sis! You need to warn me before you surprise me looking like that. I nearly lost a load just from looking at you.”

“Ahh, and here I was ready to blow you.”

“I said almost...” I trailed off as I started feeling my sister up under her shirt as I stared longingly at her pussy.

“Mmm, your hands feel even better than ever Mike. How do you keep managing that?”

“I don’t know,” I mumbled. I guided Tanya to her bed, and she sat down on it. I undid my pants and dropped them to my ankles. I tried to line up my cock for more sex with my sister.

“Whoa, I’m way too sore for that today! Every time I stood up or sat down at school today, I was thinking I had way too much fun over the weekend. I felt like I was wincing every time I did that and hoping no one noticed I was moving kind of gingerly.”

“Ah sis, I know it’s only been a little over a day, but I’m going crazy for more of your sweet pussy wrapped around my cock!”

“Hey, I’m going to take care of you; you heard me say I planned on blowing you, right? You still like blow jobs, don’t you?”

I hadn’t been able to tear my gaze away from between Tanya’s legs during any of this, “I’m so hungry for your cunt!” I blurted out. Still staring at her plump pussy lips I added, “Would you be up for trying a different sort of oral?”

“Are you offering to...” Tanya didn’t finish her question.

“Yeah! I want to eat my little sister’s pussy!” I was so excited, and I found my mouth was watering. I dropped down to my knees, licking my lips as I prepared to go down on Tanya.

“Wait, I forgot to set a timer!”

I was confused, “Hey, you’re not putting time limits on what I get to do with you again, are you?”

“Only out of necessity; Mom will be home soon. We can’t afford to let her catch us doing any sort of oral sex.”

“Oh shit, I completely forgot about our parents when I saw the way you were dressed and waiting for me.”

“Damn it Mike! I can’t be the only one of us trying not to get caught by our parents ... ieee!”

I knew Tanya was right to scold me, but it wasn’t really penetrating into my brain. I kissed my sister’s snatch, causing her to squeal with delight. “Can only think ... about pussy,” I mumbled before diving down between my sister’s legs to explore more earnestly. Honestly, I didn’t know what to do, she seemed to like the kissing well enough, but from porn it seemed like guys used their tongue on a woman a lot. So I tried licking up one of Tanya’s plump lips and down the other. That elicited another squeal of delight and I realized that her pussy was slowly opening up as I licked at it.

Tanya reached her hand between her legs and actually opened her pussy further. “Lick inside; don’t rush past the clit!”

Now I could see my sister’s clit sitting at the top of her pussy. I devoted all my attention to it, licking at it with the flicking motion I had seen in porn videos. “Ahh, ahh, ahh, ieeeee! Stop! Mike, stop!”

I think Tanya almost came from the sudden lack of sensation. When she spoke again she told me, “I said don’t rush past the clit, not tongue lash it into oblivion! It’s too sensitive for constant attention. I mean, give it some love, but before I get over stimulated move on to other parts of my pussy. Trust me, I’m sensitive everywhere down there.

I started licking again at the insides of my sister’s pink folds, and I believed her claim that everything in her pussy had the potential to feel good to her. I also discovered that I loved the way Tanya tasted. I found that my licking was starting to be for the purposes of lapping up more and more of her delicious pussy juice than any planned strategy of where to put my tongue. After realizing this, I directed my attention back to her clit. “Ahh, ahh, ahh...” This time however, I went back to lapping up Tanya’s juices before she got to the state she described as over stimulated. That seemed to work really well. I alternated between the inside of Tanya’s snatch and lavishing attention on her clit. The more I ate her, the longer I found I could flick her clit with my tongue before her cries of pleasure changed to those of protest.

Then the timer on Tanya’s cell phone started going off. Fuck!

Tanya was equally frustrated, “Fuck, I don’t want to stop! Mom’s not home yet. Keep going!”

“Are you sure?” For an answer, Tanya grabbed my head with both hands and held it between her legs. Now she was the one guiding me between her clit and the slightly less sensitive lower areas of her pussy. At some point I realized that she had been directing my attention to her clit for some time now, so I made an effort to really move my tongue quickly over the sensitive little nub. It really drove my sister wild. She bucked me off her pussy and grasped the bed sheets writing in pleasure. The little crop top she had been wearing had shifted up to bare her breasts, and I watched with delight as her large mounds wobbled on her chest as her body shook from side to side.

“Damn it big brother, that was amazing! I didn’t know I could cum so hard!”

“I love eating your pussy sis! You are so delicious!” Before I could say more, we heard a door open. Our mother was home.

Starting on the 1st of three extension chapters for this story. None of them are huge, so look for the next instalments to be posted soon.


Chapter 15: Tanya Needs the D

Tanya looked really frustrated, and grabbed at her bed sheets again. This time she wasn’t cumming though; it was pure irritation that we weren’t alone in the house any longer. What Tanya said next nearly got us busted. It was such a soft whisper, I could barely here her saying, “Fuck, I need the D!”

“I thought you were too sore for that?” I whispered back.

“I probably am, but after the way you ate my pussy I want it anyway!”

“OK,” I responded as I guided my aching hard on to my sisters belly, and sighed as I started to sink into her sopping wet pussy. She must have really cum hard, because I had been doing my best to drink up all of her pussy juice earlier. However, her pussy had never felt wetter to me.

Tanya sighed too as her body responded to my cock eagerly, but by the time I was half way inside her, she was saying, “No, Mike, no! Not like this. Mom will hear us!!”

I stopped moving my cock deeper into Tanya’s body, but I didn’t pull it out. After eating her pussy, it felt so good to be inside Tanya again. “Don’t want to stop!”

Tanya couldn’t control herself either lifting her hips off the bed and pushing her pussy most of the way up my shaft. She panted, “I don’t either, but if we do it this way Mom’s going to catch us going at it.”

That finally got me to pull my aching cock out of my sister’s body with an obscene pop. “What are we going to do?”

“Just a second, we have to make sure we don’t make lots of noise.” Tanya tried to get over to her dresser, but her legs buckled before she had taken a single step. “Fuck, Mike! What did you do to me when you ate my pussy? My legs are like jelly.”

“I guess we don’t have to finish,” I said reluctantly.

“Are you insane? If you don’t do something to put out the fire you lit between my legs I’m likely to strip naked and finger myself at the dinner table. And we’ve got the more obvious problem of you walking around with a big boner all night.”

I went over to Tanya’s dresser with my hard cock bobbing and asked, “What am I looking for?”

“Find a pair of my socks. Put one in your mouth and give me the other.” Tanya got flat on her back in the middle of her bedroom floor as she said this.

“Shouldn’t you be on top? You were really good about not getting us caught when we were in the van.”

“Probably,” Tanya admitted, “But after the way you ate my pussy, even as sore as I am, the only thing I can think about is you on top of me fucking me however you want!”

My sister’s words sent a thrill of pleasure through my whole body, but I especially felt it in my cock. It had to be inside Tanya again, and quickly. Honestly, I had already mostly forgotten the fear of discovery, and I wasn’t sure how I had managed to pull my aching cock from Tanya’s pussy when she had been sitting on the bed. I stuffed the sock in my mouth, more because that’s what Tanya told me I needed to do if I wanted to have sex with her than from any realization that it would keep me from yelling out, and got into position to fuck my sister again. My dick actually started to tingle I was so eager to get it back inside Tanya as I tossed her the other sock.

If fact, I couldn’t make myself wait to start fucking again. Tanya moaned, “Mik ... mmmph” as she quickly stuffed the sock in her mouth in response to me stuffing her pussy full of my cock. At first I was sliding it gently in and out of Tanya’s body. It was more from my cock being sore than remembering Tanya’s multiple comments about how sore her own pussy was. However, the sight of my little sister on her back, in the floor of her room, with her tits half hanging out and my dick splitting her pussy lips was inspiring me to fuck her faster and faster. The harder I plowed into Tanya’s body, the more wildly her boobs bounced, and that just made me want to fuck her faster still. Before I knew it, we were both breathing hard through our noses, almost snorting since we had socks in our mouths to keep us quiet.

I could tell from Tanya’s face that this was hurting, but she wrapped her legs around me and held me so tight that there was no chance my dick might slide free of her pussy as we fucked. My cock was hurting too, but the only thing going through my brain was the work ‘fuck’. It repeated over and over as I continued to thrust hard into my sister’s body. My little sister had said she needed my dick, and my only purpose in life was to give it to her!

Of course, fucking hard and fast like that can’t last forever, especially with a babe as sexy as Tanya! I had no concept of how long we had been going at it after hearing our Mom arrive home, but it was long enough that first one, then both tits bounced free of the crop top, and of course I started pounding my dick into Tanya’s snatch harder each time one of her big boobs came into view. Some time after that, I got goosebumps on my arms, then my cock exploded jizz into Tanya’s belly. I froze, and my little sister started milking my cock for every drop of spunk I had by tensing and relaxing muscles inside her pussy. The feeling of me ejaculating inside her seemed to do something to her because her face relaxed, and she pulled the sock from her mouth to let out a long contented sigh.

I pulled the sock out of my mouth too, and said, “I hope that wasn’t too rough; I know you said you were sore, but once we got going, I couldn’t control myself.”

“It was strange, even though it was hurting me, that just made me need it more. Like I said, I’m going to have to be careful about letting you eat me out. That is way too good and seems to have side effects I can’t control.”

“I loved lapping at your pussy with my tongue, I can’t wait to eat you out again!”

“I can’t either,” Tanya admitted. “But like I said, we have to be careful. Letting you eat my pussy seems to make me even dumber than a boy with a hard on.”

“But did I do a good job of putting out the fire between your legs that my tongue started?”

“You did a very good job big brother! I needed that cock of yours and you didn’t hold anything back!”


Chapter 16: Mysterious Errand

In the six weeks since our camping trip, Tanya and I weren’t able to keep up the insane amount of sex we had managed those first few days. However, we were still averaging better than sex once a day. Throw in a few blow jobs a week, and Tanya was consistently getting me off an average of twice a day. We were more cautious when it came to me eating Tanya out. Every time I ate my sister’s pussy, it had a stronger and stronger effect on her. I guess I was getting better at it. However, since Tanya was the one we counted on to keep our parents from noticing that we were having sex with each other, we couldn’t risk Tanya going mad with the need for my cock. Now, just because we were averaging having sex with each other better than once a day, there were still days when we couldn’t manage to hook up safely. That always made the next day a little dicey as we were both insanely horny after a dry day and weren’t necessarily as cautious as we should have been. Thankfully, we had managed to get through those desperate days safely.

Weekends were the least predictable. Twice, we got long blocks of time together and we were able to enjoy each other’s bodies multiple times and in whatever way we wanted. Twice we couldn’t manage to get away from our parents at all. There was nothing to do but wait until we got home from school on Monday. After two days without sex, we pretty much attacked each other as soon as we got home. On both occasions, we started screwing in the living room, and barely managed to get all our discarded clothing picked up and the two of us back to one of our bedrooms before either of our parents got home. We still weren’t out of the woods, because after two days without relief, we kept fooling around until we were called down to dinner.

I was trying to figure out what my prospects with Tanya were this weekend when Mom told me that she and Dad were going out to run errands. That came with the instructions that we would be going out to eat as a family, so Tanya and I shouldn’t make any plans with our friends. Of course, any time I heard I would be alone in the house with Tanya, I started to get excited. Hopefully Mom would never guess that I would always pick being home alone with my sister over going over to a friend’s house. As soon as our parents drove away, I went up to knock on Tanya’s door, “Hey, did you hear that Mom & Dad are running errands and want us to stay put around the house. Like we’d waste prime incest time by doing something with our friends.”

“Yeah, Mom was all mysterious about what she and Dad were doing when she told me. Don’t come in yet; I’ve got a surprise for you.”

Tanya had a surprise for me? Now I was really excited. I stripped naked, my cock hard and throbbing in eagerness for my sister, and tossed my clothes in my room as I waited to see whatever surprise Tanya had in store for me. My eyes nearly popped out of my head when Tanya let me open the door to her room. She was wearing a blue nightie with matching panties, but what really caught my eye was that the nightie was almost completely see through from just below her nipples down to her belly button. It reminded me of what she had worn on the camping trip that had started us down this path of sibling love. In short, I loved it.

“Mike, I’m supposed to be surprising you, not you surprising me by showing up in my room naked. Well, don’t just stand there staring; let me know if you like it.”

“Fuck! I love it. Let me show you want it makes me want to do!” I got in bed with Tanya and straddled her torso. Then I lifted up the nightie and pressed my cock against her belly before guiding it between her breasts. It was awesome; I could see my cock disappearing between the undersides of my sister’s tits before it was hidden behind the non see through part of her nightie. Then I could see the head peaking out at the top of her cleavage as I finished my thrusting. Then I grabbed Tanya’s tits and massaged my cock with her round mounds as I fucked her knockers. “Damn, I’ve wanted to do this ever since I saw you in that crop top on the trail.”

“Well, if you wanted to fuck my tits so badly, why didn’t you just say so any time in the past six weeks?”

“Oh, I thought you would think I was weird. And then there was all the normal sex and blow jobs too.”

“Like I don’t already think you’re weird,” Tanya teased. “I have to say though, I didn’t think I’d get anything out of a tit fuck, but it’s really getting me hot and bothered big brother!”

“You think you’re hot and bothered,” I panted. “If you don’t want to get stains on the nightie, we need to stop.”

“I’d love it if you stained this top with your seed!” was Tanya’s reply.

Hearing Tanya refer to my jizz as seed totally sent me over the top. I came so hard that more of my spunk ended up on Tanya’s face and in her hair than on the nightie itself. “Fuck that was intense,” I moaned as I milked my shaft of any remaining cum with Tanya’s big tits after my orgasm was complete.

“Ugh, now I want to get off, but it’s going to take a while to recharge your cock,” Tanya grunted as she arched her back.

“Hey, Mom and Dad said they would be gone for a while, I can always eat your pussy if you want to get off right away.”

“Yes, yes! Eat me big brother. Make your little sister cum over and over!”

I did just that, eating Tanya to three big orgasms in a row. I was going to have to keep in mind that fucking her tits drove her wild in this way. I had loved that and definitely wanted to spend more time with my cock trapped in the space between her two big jugs. After her third orgasm, I didn’t wait for any sort of declaration from Tanya that she wanted my cock. I was hard again, and I just wanted it in her pussy. After eating her three times, I was almost instantly ready to cum again in spite of starting everything off with a tit fuck.

“Damn Tanya, your pussy is so hot and wet after I ate you. I’m not going to be able to last long.”

“Just last as long as you’re able, and don’t pull out after you cum. And tell me how much you love me!”

“Oh, I love you so much Tanya. You’re the best little sister in the world. I love that you let me put my dick inside you ... and ... uh ... cum ... ugh ... ugh ... so much ... ugh!”

I put my forehead on Tanya’s while I was making my declaration of incestuous love to her and stayed there sighing in post orgasmic pleasure after my second cum of the afternoon had been deposited deep in her pussy. “And you’re the best big brother in the world for the way you eat and fuck me,” Tanya told me while we stared into each other’s eyes.

“How did you even get that lingerie? There’s no way Mom or Dad would pay for that,” I asked after a few minutes of silence.

“It helps when you’re both busty and skinny. I told mom I needed to custom order a bra, but this is what I ordered instead.”

“Wow Tanya, you’re an absolute genius.”

I didn’t try to work my way into a second screw with Tanya immediately. We just enjoyed cuddling together with my cock still in her pussy. At some point I must have moved from my position on top of Tanya then fallen asleep. The next thing I knew, I was waking up with a half hard dick trapped between Tanya’s thighs as I was spooning her still in her bed. I reached between my sister’s legs as my cock was rapidly becoming harder. I guided it to her pussy, and gently managed to work it inside her. Then I started slowly screwing my cock in and out. Tanya must have fallen asleep too, because I felt her shift positions slightly, and she purred, “That’s a nice way to wake me up Mike. Go slow until we make sure Mom and Dad haven’t returned home.”

I started slow like Tanya told me, enjoying the feeling of dragging my cock lazily in and out of her pussy while I felt her boobs through the transparent portion of the nightie. I could feel a stiff spot where my jizz had dried while we slept. We hadn’t heard any noises from downstairs, so Tanya didn’t caution me as every squeeze of her tits caused me to fuck her harder and faster. Before I knew it, her bed springs were creaking wildly even from this position and I was grunting with passion. Tanya was yelling for me to fuck her harder and faster. I closed my eyes and enjoyed fucking my sister’s body purely by feel. I didn’t know what had happened when Tanya froze and whispered, “Oh no, oh fuck no!”

Then my blood ran cold when I heard my father speak, “Damn it! Are we going to need a tee shirt for you too Tanya?”

I was too scared to open my eyes, but I couldn’t bring myself to pull my dick out of my sister since this might be my last chance to enjoy her pussy. I heard my Mom say, “It’s OK, she’s on the pill.”

“It’s OK? How can this possibly be OK and why is Tanya on the pill? Did you know about this?”

“Well, it’s a female thing. It’s not OK, OK, but not worried about Tanya getting knocked up OK if you know what I mean. Finally, of course I didn’t know about any of this!”

I risked opening my eyes a bit to try to gauge how upset our parents were, but what I noticed first was Mom’s shirt which said “Baby On Board” over her belly. Dad had done it, he had knocked Mom up! Despite getting caught red handed, this knowledge pushed me over the edge and I grunted lewdly as I started thrusting hard into Tanya’s pussy again as our parents watched. “Fuck, I need to cum!”

“I’m going to kill that boy!” Dad threatened.

However, Tanya immediately pleaded, “Don’t hurt him Daddy!”

My need for my sister’s sexy body proved stronger than any sort of self preservation. “I’m gonna cum; I’m gonna cum!” I announced for the room as I continued to pound Tanya’s pussy. “Ugh! Cumming, cumming!” Only after releasing another load of jizz into Tanya’s pussy, did I finally shut up and pull my cock out of Tanya with an obscene pop that made my mother’s eyebrows shoot up and my father’s face look even angrier. I was pretty sure I was a dead man.

Instead of threatening me with death again, Dad said, “You two have one minute to be dressed and downstairs to explain yourselves!”


Epilogue

Dad exploded with rage when Tanya went downstairs without me, but she was genuinely afraid for me and wouldn’t let me go down with her. I could hear everything, but I didn’t dare make a peep. Mom calmly questioned Tanya on all manner of things while Dad remained silent. That terrified me all the more. I didn’t start to relax until Tanya explained that we had heard them having sex on the camping trip. Somehow they got the idea that was the moment we started doing incest together. For some reason, they seemed less inclined to kill me or ship me off to military school at this point, so Tanya didn’t correct their interpretation of events that led to us becoming lovers. I didn’t understand it at first, but they somehow blamed themselves for Tanya and I having sex somehow feeling they had caused it when we overheard them trying to make a baby in the tent.

The other thing that worked in my favor was Tanya saying we really loved each other and that it wasn’t my fault that things had gotten this far between us, it was hers. When I thought about it, I had started things with my obscene request to touch my own sister’s tits. However, after that, she really had been an eager participant as we experimented further and further with incest.

Mom and Dad still weren’t happy with us, but in the end, they didn’t try to make us stop sleeping together either. Now, we couldn’t throw it in their faces, in fact, if they caught us even kissing, we got grounded for a day. The more they caught us doing, the longer we were grounded. The worst was one night when Tanya snuck into my room and we were a little too noisy and got caught actually fucking again. We did get grounded a few times, and then they really did watch us like hawks. That was absolute torture to go several days without any sort of contact with each other, let alone sex. We could hardly bear that, so we were pretty good about not getting caught, especially after being grounded and miserable a few times.

Anyway, that’s the story of how our mother spraining her ankle led to my sister and I becoming incestuous lovers.


