Sharing Jill
byJay142©

Sharing Jill Ch. 05

My wife, Jill, has come a long way from her shy, self-conscious ways to being more open about sleeping with other men and showing off her lovely, petite body. I'm actually shocked by how far she has progressed and her openness to sleeping with another man or men has made her even more desirable to me. Seeing another man's cock in her mouth or seeing her writhing in pleasure as her pussy gets pounded, simply drives me wild. I especially love sliding my dick into her sloppy pussy after one or more men have been there before me. I can't explain it, even though I have tried to understand my inner most deviant desires.

Jill seems to only want to experiment with other partners after lengthy breaks in between our adventures. I think she is torn by her inner desires and the effects of her conservative, Asian-American upbringing, which makes her feel guilty for enjoying her episodes of being a full-blown slut. I fully understand and realize she has to be the one to say when she is ready for another sexcapade. Heck, if it were left to me, I'd probably have her have sex with someone else several times a month but I know that will never happen.

We also have other portions of our lives to lead which include work, family and being a couple in our own right with dinners, vacations and enjoying our marriage. But there are times when the opportunity is right and she is feeling a little frisky so we break out of our routine lives. I think that may be the driving force for both of us; the fact that our routines sometimes take over our lives and our sexual adventures are a way of breaking free and doing something adventurous and downright naughty shatters the ordinary part of our lives. It has a way of making us feel alive.

Jill and I are like every other couple you see walking down the street, while out to dinner or out shopping. You would never suspect that she has slept with several different men, sometimes several at once, with my full approval and while I watch. We appear to lead very normal lives, which, most of the time, is true. Sometimes I play a little game when I see an anonymous couple. I wonder what their sexual kinks are and what they might do behind closed doors. I wonder if they do things like Jill and I.

After her gang bang with Rob, Frank, Johnathan and myself, Jill wanted to take a step back from our sexual explorations. She was concerned that things were getting out of hand but, deep down, I think she was a little afraid of how much she enjoyed herself and needed to sort things out in her own mind. This was really going against her normal, conservative behavior and I knew I had to let her figure it out. I was a little scared that I may have pushed her too far by having her fuck three other guys that night, even though she invited one of them and may have ruined the chance for a repeat performance.

We were a little busy in our professional lives anyway. School had started again and she was busy with classes. She was doing some research in her field in order to try and move up the ladder at her college too, so it left little time for fun. I got busy at work so our careers left little time for play.

Jill came home one day and told me she had an opportunity to go to a two day conference that would help her in her research project and she had already confirmed her attendance. I would never stand in the way of her advancing her career; it's not like she needed my approval anyway. It did get my perverted mind working though. I kept picturing Jill meeting someone at the conference and having sex with him. In my mind, I found the idea exciting but, on the other hand, I always enjoyed watching other men fucking my wife and I didn't know if I could handle not being there. Being with Jill while she was with other men also allowed me to "protect" her so things didn't get out of hand with someone wanting her to do something she wasn't comfortable doing.

It would be weeks before she would be going to the conference so it gave me plenty of time to fantasize and deal with my feelings. I didn't want to suggest something to Jill if I weren't fully prepared to let her follow through. I have to tell you, the more I thought about Jill being alone with another man, the more I liked the idea. Of course, I would have to hear all the juicy details afterwards though. Not knowing what happened would kill me, besides, that was the exciting part of allowing my wife to sleep with another man. I kept my thoughts to myself for a couple of weeks and brought up the idea one evening while having dinner on our back patio.

"Your conference is in a couple of weeks Jill and I was thinking."

Jill laughingly responded, "Oh no, I have a feeling I'm about to hear about another perverted idea of yours Kevin."

I could only smile, at first. She knew me too well.

"You know, you'll be alone out of town and if the opportunity should arise, I wouldn't mind if you, you know, slept with another guy."

"I knew it. I don't know Kevin. I've only done these things with your encouragement and I know how much you like being there. Besides, this is strictly a business trip."

"You'll have time at night to socialize. I'm just saying, I'd be okay if you found a playmate."

She playfully told me, "It's not going to happen, so get control of your perverted mind."

I decided to drop the subject that evening but I brought it up a few more times before the conference. At times, I would tell her of my fantasy while we were making love. She would meet someone at the bar, he'd flirt with her and they would end up in his room and then tell me all about it when she got back to her room. Jill would tell me to stop talking about it but I could tell she was turned on by the fantasy. I wasn't confident that she would actually go through with it, although it was fun to imagine her getting picked up in a bar without me.

The night before she was to leave, I tried to get her to pack some sexy clothing but she reinforced the fact that this was a business trip where she would be with other professionals in her field, hoping to make some connections and wasn't going to dress like a slut. I was disappointed but fully understood.

The next afternoon, I drove her to the airport, kissed her goodbye and told her to, "Have a good time," with a wicked smile on my face along with a knowing wink. She gently slapped my shoulder and called me a "pervert" again before she went to catch her plane.

**********

The conference didn't start until the following day so Jill had that evening to herself. She was wearing a pair of black leggings and a soft pink, body hugging, long sleeve top and decided to check out the nearby shopping district. Every time she would go into the changing room, Jill would take a couple of pictures in various stages of undress and send them to Kevin in order to tease him while she was away. She would send him some photos with her in her bra and panties, or topless or some of her totally naked. Kevin's favorite ones were when she would try on lingerie and send him the pictures. She had no idea that when she would do this that he would sometimes show them to their older neighbor, Frank. She tried on several dresses and decided to buy a short, cute little sundress and couple of souvenirs before heading back to her room.

After relaxing and freshening up, Jill decided to head to the sports bar next to the hotel for a quick dinner. It was uncomfortable for her to be eating out in public by herself but she made the best of the situation. She was really looking forward to the conference so having a meal by herself wasn't a bad price to pay for the experience she would be gaining. Over dinner, she noticed an older gentleman also sitting by himself who kept looking her way and giving her a casual smile. Jill smiled in return but looked away, not wanting to encourage him. She smiled and thought Kevin would be so disappointed in her.

When she finished her dinner, Jill decided to have a glass of wine at the hotel bar before turning in early to get some rest for what promised to be a full schedule of seminars the following day. She also ordered a glass of water so the alcohol wouldn't affect her so quickly. Being a petite woman, she couldn't tolerate a lot of alcohol. She struck up a casual conversation with one of the bartenders and didn't notice that the gentleman from the restaurant was now sitting a couple of stools away from her.

When she finally did notice him, he inquired, "Are you here for the conference?"

Jill answered that she was and he replied, "So am I. My name is Jason."

Jason looked like he was in his early to mid-50's with salt and pepper hair, trim and handsome. He had a distinguished look about him. He struck up a casual conversation with Jill and even moved closer, into the stool beside her. They continued to talk about the conference and what they hoped to learn from it. They talked about the courses they taught at their colleges and realized they had a lot in common.

While Jason wasn't necessarily looking to hook up with anyone over the next few days, he couldn't help but be drawn to Jill's beauty, her slender, petite frame and the fact that she was by herself. He, too, was alone and he was, at minimum, looking for a social connection. He noticed her wedding ring but that didn't mean they couldn't be professional acquaintances.

Jill could see Jason's eyes glancing down to her breasts at times and didn't understand why, as she had small breasts. It wasn't until she excused herself to use the restroom that she understood why. The hotel air conditioning kept the room chilly and when Jill looked at herself in the restroom mirror, she could see that her nipples were poking out from underneath her tight shirt. With her smallish breasts, she often wore only a simple lace bra. She was a little embarrassed but also liked the fact that she drew the attention of an attractive older man.

Jill returned to the bar and after she finished her wine, Jason offered to buy her another but she gratefully declined, telling him she was tired and wanted to turn in early. Jason looked disappointed but said he understood. She took another sip of her water and accidently spilled some down the front of her blouse, further exposing her hard nipples. Jason couldn't help but stare as Jill tried to dry herself with a napkin. She even blushed a little.

After giving Jason and a few guests a little accidental show, Jill excused herself and got up to leave. She wasn't going to stay in the bar with a wet shirt. Jason said he would look for her the next day. Jill could feel his eyes watching her walk away from the bar. He liked her small frame and loved her tight little ass in her black, form fitting leggings. Jill felt herself getting aroused after realizing Jason was trying to pick her up at the bar and from her wet shirt exposure.

When she got to her room she sent a picture of herself in her wet shirt to Kevin knowing he would get a thrill out of her accidently exposing her breasts in a bar. He appreciated the photos but his wife told him there was more that happened. She went on to tell him about Jason, how he struck up a conversation with her and how she spilled water on herself. Her husband was disappointed that it didn't go further.

Jill told Kevin, "Don't get your hopes up dear. I doubt anything is going to happen while I'm here."

In the typical mind of a man, Kevin thought, "At least she didn't say nothing would happen." There was still a chance. A very slim chance but there was a chance she would do something.

That didn't stop Kevin from trying to convince his wife to sleep with someone while at the conference. He began to tell Jill how Jason was probably jerking off right now thinking about her and fantasizing about fucking her. She told him to stop but he could tell she was getting aroused and continued to encourage her to explore her sexuality.

Kevin told Jill how he had an erection just thinking about the possibilities and started a video chat. Jill ended up doing a strip tease while Kevin told her to pretend Jason was in the room with her. They ended up having phone sex while they each masturbated to the thought of Jill having sex with another man while away from home. He told her in explicit detail what he thought Jason was thinking as he saw her alone in the restaurant and then again in the bar. He would be distracted by her nipples poking out of her shirt and his lust would build when she spilled the water on her blouse, briefly exposing her areola to him. He told her how wonderful she looked in her black leggings and how he noticed guys checking her out when she wore them. The more he talked, the more Jill got turned on and rubbed her clit. They both came within seconds of each other.

They ended their video chat with expressions of love for each other and Kevin telling Jill, "It would be so hot if you fucked him Jill. I just want to hear every last detail."

Jill responded, "Don't get your hopes up dear. I love you. Good night."

Jill couldn't help but let her mind think of the possibility of having sex with another man while away from Kevin. Her husband had planted the seed in her mind and the fantasy was taking root as she drifted off to sleep.

The next day, Jill was focused on the conference and determining what sessions she would attend. It was an opportunity to meet new people, make some professional connections and learn from experts in her field that may help her in her research. While she dressed in business attire, her skirt was still form fitting, falling to just above her knee. When she sat down it would ride up and show off some of her firm legs.

When she walked into the first session, she noticed that Jason was also there and he immediately waved her over to an empty seat next to him. She blushed a little when she first saw him because her mind immediately went back to the phone sex she had with Kevin and the fantasy of having sex with her new found friend. They ended up being together in four of six sessions the first day and even sat at the same table during lunch. They got to know each other a little better in small tidbits during the course of the day.

It turns out Jason was divorced and wasn't dating much. He found it difficult to get back into the dating scene after having been married for over 25 years. He felt too many women his age were trying to find another husband and he didn't want to get into a serious relationship with anyone. She told him how Kevin was her high school boyfriend and had broken up briefly before getting married. Jason and Jill were slowly developing a bond.

After the last session, Jason asked if Jill wanted to join him for dinner and she readily accepted. She didn't like eating alone and Jason said he ate too many meals by himself and would enjoy the company of a young, intelligent, attractive woman. They decided to go to their respective rooms to relax and meet in the hotel lobby at 6 PM.

Jill went back to her room and sent Kevin a text message about her plans to have dinner with Jason and his response, predictably, was to, "Go for it. He clearly finds you attractive. I promise I won't be jealous."

Jill responded, "It's not going to happen so forget about it. We are just friends."

His message read, "Wear something sexy just in case."

Kevin was disappointed but still held out hope that things would change later. Jill just shook her head and smiled at Kevin's last message. He never gave up. He had a one track mind. She still had to decide what to wear but her options were limited. She had a long sleeve, off white blouse and a form fitting, black skirt. She remembered that Kevin had slipped some sexy underwear into her suitcase and decided to be a little adventurous underneath her conservative outer clothing. She put on a lace bra and matching bikini panties and checked herself out in the mirror. Her bra could be seen through the contrasting color of her blouse but wasn't real obvious.

After putting on a pair of low, black ankle strap heels, Jill gave herself the once over in the mirror and left to meet Jason in the lobby. Jason saw Jill as soon as she got off the elevator and couldn't take his eyes off of her as she walked up to him.

"You look lovely tonight Jill."

"Thank you Jason. Where do you want to go?"

"There's a steak and seafood place down the street. It will be my treat."

"You don't have to do that, I have an expense allowance."

"No Jill, I insist."

Over dinner they talked about their personal lives, work and their professional goals. Jason had a witty sense of humor and made Jill laugh. There was a connection being made. When there was a lull in the conversation, they looked deeply into each other's eyes. Jill felt awkward in the silence and stares but, at the same time, she was turned on by the mixture of his charm, intelligence and wit. In her mind, she was wondering what it would be like to have sex with him but she was too shy to be bold enough to pursue that option. Jason could feel the special connection that was happening between him and Jill. He was entranced by her intelligence, dark eyes, petite frame, lovely smile and her awkward shyness.

Jason looked directly into Jill's eyes and told her, "Your husband is one lucky man. You're smart, beautiful and if you don't mind me saying, you're sexy too."

Jill blushed at his compliments and replied with a simple, "Thank you." She was uncomfortable receiving such compliments and went on, "I don't think I'm that sexy at all Jason."

"Don't be silly Jill. If you weren't married, well, I'd pursue you myself."

Jill remembered Kevin had encouraged her to experiment while at the conference and without thinking, she replied, "Well, my husband isn't here."

She immediately regretted telling him that. It was so out of character for her. She felt doubly regretful by the shocked look on Jason's face. Maybe he was just being nice when he said she was sexy. He hadn't dated much since his divorce and was awkward around women after not having dated for so long. He never expected Jill to be open to the possibility of a sexual relationship with him. It was almost like she was calling his bluff, he didn't quite know how to respond but he also couldn't pass up an opportunity to be with such an attractive, younger woman.

Jason responded, "I won't tell him if you don't. We could continue our conversation in my room if you like."

Jill's heart was racing. She couldn't believe where this conversation was leading. She felt like she was cheating on Kevin but he also encouraged her to explore the sexual possibilities while away. She'd slept with several other men so it wasn't like she'd never done something slutty before.

After a short pause, she replied, "I'd like that. I'd like that a lot."

Jason, stunned by his surprise stroke of luck, quickly called for the waiter to bring the check while Jill excused herself to go to the ladies room where she placed a quick call to her husband.

After quick greetings, Jill told him, "It's going to happen."

"What's going to happen?" Kevin had convinced himself Jill would never stray on her own so he was confused.

"I'm going to sleep with Jason but I wanted to make sure you were still okay with it first."

Kevin sounded like a kid getting a special birthday present. "Are you kidding? I'm more than okay with it. Damn honey, I'm getting hard already thinking about it. I can't wait to hear all about it later."

Jill made him tell her one more time that he was serious and he reassured her again before she hung up. Kevin's mind was racing at the possibility of his wife getting fucked by another man. Jill was a little nervous as she returned to the table as Jason stood up to escort her out of the restaurant. He couldn't believe his luck either.

They were both a little nervous on the short walk back to the hotel and stood in silence in the elevator on the way up to Jason's room. When they got into his room, Jason ordered a bottle of wine from room service and got a couple of soft drinks from the mini fridge in the room until then. Jill took a sip of her drink and walked over to the floor length window to check out the view of the city skyline. As she was looking out the window, she felt Jason's hand on her shoulders and she turned to face him. They looked into each other's eyes and without saying a word, they began to kiss; first a short, soft kiss, then a longer, deeper kiss. He pulled her closer to him while beginning to fondle her tight, little ass. Jill could feel his growing excitement as he held her close. Her hands pulled his ass tighter against her as he began to fumble with the buttons of her blouse until her lace bra was fully exposed.

He quickly stripped off her blouse then began to tug at the zipper of her skirt. With her skirt now undone, it fell to the floor, then Jill stepped out of it. Jason took a step back to gaze at the Asian beauty before him in her lace bra and panties. He wasted no time stripping down to his boxers with a noticeable hard on underneath.

Just then, there was a knock on the door from room service. Jason was a little surprised when Jill didn't flinch or try to cover up when he went to open the door. The room service waiter, who looked like a young college student, got a look of surprise on his face when he saw Jill standing there half-naked and noticed Jason similarly dressed. He got a knowing smile on his face as he placed the wine and two glasses on a table near the window. He made no secret of his stares of Jill's half naked body as he slowly opened the wine and poured two glasses for the guests. Jason signed for the bill and the waiter left, but not before taking one last gaze at Jill.

Jason didn't say anything about Jill losing her shyness as he offered her the glass. They both took sips of their wine before continuing their make-out session. Jill slipped off her bra while Jason played with her pussy through her panties while running his other hand over her bare legs. She then began to stroke her new lover as they kissed again. Jason's had now pushed her panties aside and was finger fucking her hairless, wet pussy.

At home, Kevin was restless wondering what was happening with Jill and her lover. His mind went wild with imagination. He also had mixed feelings of excitement and some jealousy but his hard on showed he was more excited than jealous. He found himself stroking his member while images of what Jill might be doing right then flashed through his mind. It didn't take long for him to release the cum that had built up in his balls while thinking about what his slut wife might be doing at that moment.

Back at the hotel, Jill was now naked as she watched Jason take his boxers off. They kissed again while naked, his hard cock pressing against Jill's skin. He then led her over to the bed and laid her down and began kissing her all over her body, spending time to especially focus on her 32a breasts and nipples. She was writhing in pleasure by the time he worked his way down to begin kissing and licking her inner thighs. She opened her legs wide to offer him her willing pussy for whatever he wanted to do.

Jason's fingers played with her hot pussy by simultaneously finger fucking her and playing with her clit with his thumb. She was getting hotter by the second and he wanted to taste her lovely pussy so he leaned forward to replace his finger with his tongue, sticking it deep inside her hole. His hands ran up and down her legs before gripping her ass, holding her still while he feasted on her salty juices. He flicked his tongue across her clit before using his lips to suck on it too. This brought Jill to an intense orgasm

Jason gave her clit a rest while tonguing her lips and tongue fucking her again. He swung himself around so Jill could suck him while he continued to orally please her. She opened her mouth and took his fat cock between her sweet lips while he began to focus on her pussy again. He loved her expert cocksucking and began to slowly fuck her mouth while she worked on his cock with her lips and tongue.

After Jill's second orgasm, Jason climbed between her open legs. He took a moment to gaze as her petite body from her beautiful face, to her tiny tits, taunt stomach, and slender legs. Her pussy was glistening from a mixture of her juices and his saliva. She had a look of lust on her face as he pressed himself up against her lips. Jason couldn't believe his luck in being able to fuck such a lovely younger woman who was cheating on her husband, or at least, that's what he thought.

Jill was nervous and excited at the same time as she was about to fuck another man for the first time without her husband being present. Even though she had Kevin's enthusiastic permission, she still felt like she was cheating on him in a way. It was too late to turn back now, even if she wanted to, as Jason slowly slid his dick into her while staring into her face. Her eyes rolled back into her head as she felt the fat cock slide deep into her. Jason began to slowly hump on her as they both moaned quietly in pleasure. Jill wrapped her legs around his waist and began to thrust her hips up to meet his.

Their grunts got louder the faster they fucked each other. After a while, Jill suggested she get on top for a change of pace. He rolled onto his back and waited while she straddled him, aiming his dick at her pussy, she then slowly slid down on it. Jill began to ride him while looking directly into his eyes, cherishing giving him so much pleasure. It had been a long time since he'd had sex and Jason was loving every moment. He watched as Jill closed her eyes while riding him, then raised his hands to fondle her tits. She then leaned forward offering her nipples for him to suck on.

They continued in this position until Jason said he couldn't hold out much longer and wanted to fuck her from behind so Jill climbed off, bending over on all fours offering herself to him once again. Jason took hold of her ass cheeks and slipped inside of her. He fucked her slowly at first, trying to hold out as long as he could but he was losing that battle. He began to fuck her harder and faster until he blasted his load deep inside Jill's pussy.

After laying in bed next to each other for a few minutes, Jill told Jason she was going back to her room. Jason thanked her for a wonderful evening and kissed her lightly before she got dressed and went back to her room. In truth, she couldn't wait to get back and tell Kevin all about her night.

When she left Jason's room, her hair was a mess and her clothes were disheveled. She had that "just got fucked" look about her. She pressed the button for the elevator and saw two people from the conference. She gave them a casual "hello" and stared down at the floor, hoping it wasn't obvious that she just got laid but they knew. They just didn't know with whom she had sex. It seemed like it took forever for the elevator to get to her floor and she quickly exited. As soon as she closed the door to her room, Jill called Kevin who was anxiously waiting to hear from his wife.

She told him, "Well, I did it. I just got done fucking Jason for you."

Kevin's heart was racing as he begged her for details. "I can't wait to hear all about it."

Kevin's cock began to grow as Jill went through every last detail of her night. They had each other on speaker phone at first, then switched to a video chat as they both got more aroused from reliving her extramarital evening. Jill got a towel and placed it underneath her as she was finishing the story of her cheating with Jason. After she told Kevin how her lover came in her pussy, she pointed the camera phone between her legs and squeezed out Jason's sperm as proof of her getting fucked by another man. When Kevin saw her lover's cum oozing out of her, he also came as he stroked himself at the thought of another man filling his wife with his sperm.

Jill wanted to know how he felt about her one night stand and he replied, "I'm so turned on right now, I can't wait for you to get home."

Jill was relieved to hear that. The last thing she wanted was for her husband to have second thoughts after the fact because there was no way to undo what she had done that evening. It also helped to relieve the mild guilt she was feeling. She always felt bad afterwards because of the conflicts it created with her conservative, Asian upbringing. She also felt guilty because she enjoyed it so much but was still in denial of her feelings. In her mind, she was doing it for Kevin, not for herself. This was partially true, after all, she never would have become such a slut if it weren't for the encouragement of her husband but deep down, she knew she enjoyed herself.

She showered before she went to bed, feeling sexually satisfied and exhausted from a full day of seminars, flirting and great sex. Jill didn't know if she could face Jason the next day but she immediately ran into him at the conference sponsored breakfast. They talked about the sessions they were going to attend and what they hoped to learn.

Jill was hoping he wasn't going to mention the night before but as they were finishing their meal, Jason commented, "I had a great time last night. It's been a while since, um, you know, since my divorce."

She understood exactly what he meant and replied, "I enjoyed it too. Just so you know, I've never done that before."

They didn't want to say too much out of fear of being overheard. They attended some of the same sessions again that day, talking before and after them. Towards the end of the day, Jason asked if she wanted to have dinner again. She told him she would let him know later. Jill knew the dinner invitation was also a request to have sex with her. She couldn't tell him she wanted to check with her husband first even though she knew what Kevin would say.

When Jill sent Kevin a text, "Jason wants to have dinner again tonight. What do you think?"

"You know I'm fine with that and whatever else might happen afterwards as long as you feel comfortable doing it again."

"I'm not sure I want to but I know that it is a possibility."

"Well let me know what you decide. I'll want to hear all about it."

"LOL. You are such a perv!!"

She sent Jason a text telling him she'd meet him in the lobby at 6 PM. Jason quickly agreed. Jill didn't pack anything sexy, after all, this was a business conference, not a pleasure trip so she slipped on a pair of white leggings over a light blue thong with a matching bra underneath a light sweater. Jason complimented her on how great she looked and he meant every word. His confidence level had increased after being able to have sex with a woman more than twenty years younger than himself and he was excited at the thought of inviting her up to his room again.

Over dinner, Jill learned that Jason's wife left him for one of his friends. He was deeply hurt by this and found it difficult to date women again because of his age and his broken heart. He dove deeply into his work and advancing his career to fill the void in his personal life. Jason also confessed to Jill that he felt a little guilty sleeping with another man's wife after what had happened to him.

He asked Jill, "You said this was the first time you had done something like that. I'm curious to know what made you decide to have sex with me."

Jill didn't know how to answer him and decided to tell him the truth. "To be honest Jason, I wasn't cheating on my husband."

Jason got a puzzled look on his face, "Well, you're married and we had sex last night. What do you mean you weren't cheating?"

She began to blush a little and explained, "My husband is okay with what we did. As a matter of fact, it was his idea."

"Your husband knows what we did and it doesn't bother him?"

Jill went a little further to explain, "It excites him when I have sex with other men. This is the first time he hasn't been there with me."

"Really? So your husband usually watches?"

"I don't want to go into details but let's just say we like to have some fun once in a while."

Jason decided not to look a gift horse in the mouth but had one more question. "Does that mean that you'd be open to joining me in my room again tonight?"

This was the last night of the conference; there was only a half day tomorrow, Jill enjoyed herself last night and Kevin would want her to go to his room again so she replied, "Yes, I think I'd like that."

Jason got a wide grin on his face and told her, "In my wildest dreams, I never thought a young, beautiful woman like you would ever end up in my hotel room. You are smart, gorgeous and sexy."

They finished their drinks and went to Jason's room. Jill sent Kevin a text from the elevator informing him that she was on her way to her lover's hotel room again. Kevin jerked off again while anxiously awaiting the follow up phone call from his wife after she got done satisfying her lover. He kept picturing in his mind how Jason would be stripping off her clothes while kissing and fondling her tits and ass. He knew that another man would be sucking on his wife's nipples and fingering her pussy before licking her to multiple orgasms.

No man could resist asking Jill to give them one of her expertly performed blow jobs. He wished he could witness her sucking Jason's cock and watch the look of pleasure on his face as she devoured his dick. Kevin knew that at some point, Jill would be laying on Jason's bed with her legs spread, offering her married pussy to her lover. He would climb between her legs and insert himself into her and begin to thrust his dick into her. Maybe he would take her from behind as she bent over waiting for her lover to penetrate her pussy. Her puckered asshole would be in full view. Would he play with it or take her anally? He would have to wait to find out.

It seemed like it took forever to get a call from his wife. What Kevin didn't know at the time was that Jason would fuck Jill twice that evening. That's why it took so long for her to call him. The suspense was killing him. He kept wondering what Jason was doing to his wife the entire time.

As soon as Jill entered Jason's room, he immediately pulled her close to him, told her how beautiful she was and how lovely she looked. He then leaned in to kiss her and she enthusiastically returned the kiss. She was enjoying being courted by another man. It was as exciting as going on a second date with someone with whom you have a special connection. It made her feel sexy and a little naughty which, of course, made her horny. It was different with Jason too. It wasn't just a sexual attraction; there was also a mental, professional connection. Their mutual intelligence on a subject they both taught made the other more desirable to them.

Jason was thrilled to have been able to entice a woman twenty years younger than himself into his hotel room. It was an even further confidence boost that she came back again for a second time.

Their kisses were meaningful and helped to ignite further passion between them. They were so excited and sexually stimulated that they couldn't resist getting their clothes off as quickly as they could. There was no rush but neither of them wanted the fabric of their clothes to interfere with the stimulation of feeling their bare skin touching each other. Their hands roamed freely over each other's naked bodies; touching, feeling, groping, licking and sucking wherever their hearts and minds led them.

Jason paid extra attention to Jill's small breasts and hard nipples. She was self-conscious about their size but Jason reassured her that they were perfect, especially for her small frame. His hands traveled softly along her legs and thighs while brushing lightly against her pussy. Jason went behind Jill to massage her neck and shoulders, then began to kiss and nibble on her neck. She was melting to his touch. She could feel his hard on poking against her backside as he continued his slow foreplay as a prelude to making love to her.

Jill felt his hands tracing down her back to clutch her ass as knelt behind her. He began to lightly nibble on her cheeks while he ran his hands up and down her legs. She desperately wanted attention paid to her pussy but Jason continued his teasing. He turned her around and had her lean back against the desk with her legs spread while he was still on his knees. His hands played with her naked skin all around her pussy. He was so close to it, she could feel his hot breath on her lips. She lifted her hips trying to get him to eat her but he pulled back, not giving in to her wishes. Her heavy breathing told him she was getting hotter by the second.

Jason teased the outside of her lips which made Jill place her hands on the back of his head with a gentle pressure, encouraging him to taste her but he was showing her he was going to control the pace. Finally, a finger pressed between her lips and all he felt the warmth and wetness. Jill was moaning to his touch. He continued to tease her before inserting his finger into her which made her moan louder. He looked up at her face which was flush with desire. She had lust and passion in her eyes. She spread her legs further apart to give him better access and her hips were moving to his repeated insertion.

After making Jill's pussy drip with excitement, Jason decided he needed to taste her. He withdrew his finger and used the width of his tongue to give her hot, wet pussy a few long, slow licks. He then had Jill put her leg over his shoulder before sticking his tongue into her pussy. Jill's hips were meeting his thrusts as he inserted his tongue into her. He then replaced his tongue with his finger and used the tip of his tongue to lick her clit. She pulled his head tighter against her as he continued to tease her clit. When she was on the verge of cumming, he began to suck on her clit until she had an explosive orgasm that made her knees buckle. She groaned loudly in pleasure, so loud, her moans could be heard in the hallway.

While her orgasm subsided, Jason lapped up her juices then worked his way back up to suck on her clit until she came two more times. Jill's pussy was on fire and she needed more. She ordered Jason to sit down in a chair near the full length window and he quickly obeyed. Jill then crawled between his legs, running her hands up and down his legs while staring at this hard dick. She kissed and licked her way up his thighs, taking time to lick and suck his balls but never touching his dick. It was payback time for the way he teased her. She kissed her way up his torso and even sucked on his nipples, her naked skin rubbing against his dick. She looked at him with lust in her eyes and he leaned in so they could share another passionate kiss before she kissed her way back down.

Jill let her long black hair tickle his balls while he felt her hot breath against his dick. She began to lick his balls again, then started to lick and mouth the shaft like a melting ice cream cone. She licked several drops of precum from the tip then looked up at him from her knees with a wicked grin on her face. He understood that he deserved to be teased the same way he teased her.

She then took his entire dick into her throat as Jason moaned loudly, thrusting his hips upward to push himself deeper. Jill's head began to bob slowly on the dick before her. She was moaning herself as she gave her lover a slow, sensuous blow job. Her tongue swirled over the head or used it to squeeze the base of his shaft when she deep throated him. She then picked up the pace as Jason raved about her cocksucking ability. 

Jill suddenly stopped sucking him then slowly straddled her lover's lap. They shared another deep passionate kiss while she rubbed her hot pussy against his shaft. They were both breathing heavy when she placed his dick at the entrance of her pussy.

She looked directly into Jason's eyes and said, "Tell me what you want."

He got a broad grin on his face and replied, "I want you to fuck me."

"Oh, you're going to have to do better than that."

"I want you to sit on my dick and fuck me like I've never be fucked before. I want to feel that hot Asian pussy of yours surrounding my cock. You know you want to fuck me as bad as I want to fuck you."

"You're right Jason, I do want to fuck you too."

Jill then lowered herself entirely onto Jason's dick; her eyes rolling back into her head in pleasure. She ever so slowly began to ride him while never losing eye contact with him. She kissed him, sticking her tongue into his mouth while they both groaned from their passionate sexual intercourse. Jill began to ride him faster breathing heavier as she enjoyed bouncing on Jason's fat cock. She came again while fucking him. Jason sucked on her nipples while she caught her breath.

With Jill's arms wrapped around his neck, Jason stood up which made her wrap her legs around his waist. He turned, her back against the window; he started to fuck her standing up; their kisses muffling their moans.

Jason told her, "You know, someone in the hotel across the way might see us fucking."

"Well then, give them a nice show and fuck me hard."

Jason thought, "Damn she's a kinky lady."

He started to fuck her harder until he came deep inside her pussy. He staggered over to the bed, let her down gently and collapsed next to her.

"Damn, Jill you sure know how to fuck."

"You aren't half bad yourself."

Kevin would find out later that after Jason and Jill finished their first sexual romp of the night that he asked if he could take a couple of pictures of her without showing her face. Kevin was surprised that she agreed to this but it was on the condition that he also take some pictures on her phone to show her husband later.

As Jill was later telling Kevin all the details of her fucking her conference colleague, she began to text him the pictures Jason took. The first ones were of her simply standing naked but others showed her with her legs spread wide with some of Jason's cum on her pussy lips. Another one showed her bent over with her asshole and pussy exposed. Kevin loved the thought of Jason using these photos to jerk off in the days and months to follow, remembering the two nights he spent fucking Jill.

Kevin was a little stunned by some of the next pictures. Jill told Kevin that Jason got hard again while Jill was posing naked for him. She also got turned on by acting as his model and he fucked her again. One showed Jill with her lips wrapped around a fat cock while the next showed the cock embedded deep in her pussy as she bent over. He stroked his cock furiously as she described every minute detail of either sucking or fucking Jason's dick. He shot his load when Jill, once more, started a video chat and squeezed out, not one, but two loads of Jason's sperm from her well fucked pussy. It seemed like the flow of sperm would never cease as Kevin watched every drop spill out of his wife.

She told Kevin, "He fucked my pussy good and hard tonight dear. I can't wait to get home so I can tell you all the dirty little details again in person."

Kevin grew more anxious to see his wife again so he could fuck her after Jason had used her for two days. What he didn't know was that the Jill and Jason story wasn't over. The lovers had to check out of their rooms before the conference was over and both would be leaving that afternoon after a few more seminars. When Jill saw Jason the next morning he once again told her how beautiful she was and how he would always remember her. Jill was naturally flattered that she had made such an impression upon someone she only knew for two days.

Over breakfast, Jason curiously asked, "Does your husband know what happened between us last night?"

Jill was hesitant to respond but gave a short, "Yes," for an answer.

"Did you do it for him or for yourself?"

"For both of us, I guess."

She was embarrassed to look at Jason. It wasn't like her to reveal the secrets of their extraordinary lifestyle. He could tell she wasn't comfortable talking about it so he dropped the subject.

In between sessions, Jason let her know that he wished he had more time to be with her and she noticed a lump in his pants as he was talking to her and scanning her lovely, petite body at the same time. It turned her on knowing he wanted her so badly. As they were walking down the corridor to the next session, he noticed an empty room. Jason figured he had nothing to lose and hinted they could go in there for a "quickie."

Jill said, "We can't do that. What if we get caught?"

"That's half the fun Jill, the chance of getting caught. Come on. It will be fun. Besides, it will give you another story to tell your husband."

He took her by the hand, leading her into the room over her mild protests but never really objecting. He closed the door behind them and took her in his arms and gave her a long, deep kiss while running his hands over her body.

Jill tried to resist, "We can't. We shouldn't."

That didn't stop Jason from reaching underneath her skirt to remove her panties and placing them into his jacket pocket. He led her over to a table that was used for the presenters and stuck his hand up her skirt and began to finger fuck her. Her mind told her to resist but her body told her differently. Her juices started to flow under his manual manipulations and her hand instinctively reached out to stroke him through his pants.

Jason lifted her onto the table, threw her skirt above her waist to expose her bald pussy and began to lick and finger her. Jill came to another intense orgasm while she kept glancing over towards the door hoping no one would walk in on them. At the same time she found this risky behavior to be thrilling.

After she came, Jason bent her over the table. Jill was nervous, scared and horny as she felt her lover's dick poking at her from behind. She reached back to help him gain entrance to her pussy and he drove his cock deep into her. Her hands grasped the edges of the table as Jason fucked her hard and fast. Their muffled groans filled the room. Jason pulled up her sweater and bra so he could fondle her tits as they fucked in the empty room. Jill prayed no one would catch them. It would be too embarrassing but her sexual desires had to be fulfilled now. She was pushing back against his cock so her pussy could meet his thrusts into her with his hard, fat cock.

They were going at it wildly on the table in the empty conference room, too wildly to hear the door open. A maintenance man came in to clean the room and was frozen in place when he unexpectedly happened upon two lovers having sex. He watched, unnoticed, for a few moments as Jill and Jason fucked in front of him. He was a handsome, young Latino man, maybe in his mid-twenties with a muscular build, dark hair and dark eyes.

Jason was the first to notice they had an audience and stopped for a second, then Jill, wondering why he stopped, looked up to see they had been caught. Everyone just stared at each other for what seemed like an hour but in reality it was only a few long seconds. The maintenance man did not tell them to stop, nor did he leave so Jason continued to fuck Jill while he watched. Jill's heart was beating fast at getting caught by a stranger, wondering if he would report them, but she had fucked in front of their neighbor, Frank, at home and in front of others before and enjoyed those previous encounters, so she was an experienced exhibitionist. She was conflicted, part of her wanting to run and hide but the other part wanting to give him a good show, so she did nothing and let Jason continue using her pussy while the maintenance man watched them.

Jill could tell that Jason was about to cum and she asked that he not cum in her pussy. She didn't want the cum leaking out of her during the last session of the conference. He disengaged from Jill and she quickly got down on her knees. Jason immediately stuffed his cock into Jill's mouth and began the move his hips as her head bobbed. Jason proudly announced he was about to cum as he looked at their voyeur. Jill glanced over at him too while she sucked the hard cock in front of her. Jason then put his hands on the back of her head and forced himself deep into Jill's throat and released his seed while she lapped up every drop.

After Jason pulled his dick from Jill's mouth, he told her that it looked like their friend got excited by their actions and said, "Why don't you take care of him too Jill. It sounds like something your husband would want you to do."

With Jason motioning him to come forward and hearing no objections from Jill, who was still on her knees, the maintenance man approached the front of the room with an obvious erection in his pants unsure if Jill would comply with Jason's request. He got in front of Jill and she quickly unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, releasing a nice, hard cock. His dick was longer than Jason's but thinner. Jason and the janitor were both watching, wondering if Jill would actually go through with this. She looked up at both of them, knowing what was expected of her, took a deep breath and took the new cock between her lips and began to suck it.

His one hand lightly held the back of her head and he exclaimed, "Damn baby, you really know how to suck a dick."

Jill's head bobbed on the dick before her, hoping he would cum quickly so she didn't have to worry about getting caught again. Her tongue and lips worked over the base of the shaft before working their way back up to concentrate on the head, then going back down again. After a few minutes of Jill's expert cocksucking, the maintenance man let loose a huge load of sperm that Jill tried to swallow but it was too much for her and she was caught by surprise by how much he came. Some of his cum dripped out of her mouth and down her chin, a few drops landing on her sweater. She was able to catch up with the amount of his load and swallowed the rest without any problems.

When he was done cumming, he quickly zipped up his pants, thanked her as Jill and Jason quickly left the room. They both laughed when they got out, not believing how horny they both were and then getting caught.

Jason told Jill, "That was great. You are one hot woman Jill. Your husband is one lucky man. That guy will never forget you. He'll remember you for the rest of his life."

Jill was a little embarrassed and excited. The adrenaline was flowing throughout her body at what had just happened. She then reminded Jason, "You still have my panties."

"I think I'm going to keep them as a memento of the last two days, if you don't mind."

Jill never responded as they walked down the hall to the last session. Jill didn't realize she had cum stains on her sweater as her and Jason went into the seminar. She felt like a slut for what she just did and could feel the cool air conditioning on her bare pussy. Jason was excited to know he was sitting next to a woman whose panties were in his pocket.

After the session was over they retrieved their luggage and left to go to the airport, not knowing if or when they would see each other again but knowing they would share great memories of those few days together.

Before she boarded her plane, Jill used the restroom and while looking in the mirror, she noticed the cum stains on her sweater. There is no telling how many people saw them but she was sure no one knew what they were. She was a little embarrassed but decided not to try and wash them off so she could show her husband later. When Kevin picked up Jill from the airport, she couldn't wait to tell him what had happened that morning.

**********

I couldn't wait to see my sexy wife and waited anxiously by the gate with a handful of flowers. I wanted her to tell me all the slutty details of the last few days once more but this time I would be able to fuck her just like Jason did. My dick was half hard just thinking about seeing her again. Every time I saw a crowd of people coming, I scanned the faces hoping to see my wife. Finally, I saw her and we both got a wide smile on our faces. It was like we hadn't seen each other in months rather than a few short days. She loved the flowers and we hugged and kissed like long lost lovers. I told her I couldn't wait to get her home to give her a good fucking and she told me she was super horny too.

For some reason, Jill decided to begin telling me of what had happened earlier that morning while we were stuck in rush hour traffic on the way home from the airport. She started the story by showing me that she wasn't wearing any panties. She lifted her dress and spread her legs to show me her bald pussy. She didn't realize that a truck driver on the passenger side of our car was also watching her. She blushed and began to laugh when she realized she had just flashed the driver too. With my encouragement, she flashed him again from within the safety of our vehicle. My cock was rock hard.

Jill began to rub the front of my pants while telling me how she fucked Jason in the empty conference room earlier that day. She released my dick from my pants as she told me every detail. She loved doing something so adventurous and risky although she wasn't sure she should have done it at the time.

It was when she told me that they got caught in the act that made me pay extra close attention and how the maintenance man watched as Jason came in her mouth. Jill started to suck my dick right there in the car but would raise her head at times to finish her story. She went into detail on how much she enjoyed being caught. The possibility of being caught was exciting but to actually have been caught and watched while fucking and sucking was exhilarating for her.

She told me how Jason suggested she service their voyeur and how she was too turned on by then to refuse. She told me how she unzipped his pants and began to suck the stranger's dick with Jason's encouragement. My wife went into detail on the size of his dick, how it tasted and the sounds the janitor was making while she sucked him. The whole time she would leave me in suspense while taking time out from her story telling to suck my dick too.

My wife told me how he came in buckets in her mouth and how she couldn't keep up. He must have really cum a lot because Jill is an expert at swallowing a huge load. It was when she showed me the cum stains on her sweater as evidence of her story, that I told her I was going to cum. Her mouth covered my dick as I unloaded my sperm into her throat. She sucked me until she swallowed every last drop of my cum.

I then I noticed someone in a pickup truck next to us that must have seen most of my blowjob from Jill. When I told Jill we had an audience, she looked up, smiled and waved to him. It was then that traffic cleared and I sped home to get my wife into bed.

I fucked her twice that evening while making her replay every detail of her fucking and sucking Jason and the maintenance man. Deep down I was disappointed because I wasn't there to watch my slut wife in action but this adventure added a new element to sharing her with others. While it made me feel a little more jealous at times, I was also glad it happened. I found it to be so exciting and the found the anticipation of hearing the details afterwards so intoxicating. It was like getting high on a drug. It sent a charge of adrenaline through my body. It also made me want to see her in action again. I could only hope that it would happen sooner rather than later. 
