Change Me - by Geek Writer.
(m, transform, solo)

You'd think this would begin like most stories...."It all started when I was a child...".

Nope.  It all started a few weeks ago when I woke up without a dick.  Yup, you read correctly.  I went to sleep with a johnson and a set of balls, and I woke up with a peach.  To say it was strange would be an understatement.  I didn't figure it out until I went into the bathroom, pulled up the lid and proceeded to piss all over my legs.  The boxers I had gone to sleep in had felt a little big, but I didn't really notice until I pulled them down and pissed on myself.

I looked at myself in the mirror, then down between my legs, then the mirror, then my legs about 20 times before my heart started hammering in my chest and I had to sit down.  I reached a hand between my legs and felt the folds of skin that had replaced my 8 inch snake.  Distracted as I was by my lack of cock, my hand did what it does naturally when it finds a warm pussy in front of it, it began to play.

The waves of pleasure that rocked through me made me bite my lip and arch my back.  The moan that escaped my lips was still that of a man, but the feelings that coursed through my body were not.  I continued to play with my self, inserting a finger into my now wet slit, rubbing my other hand over my clit until I had the most mind blowing orgasm of my life.  Instead of tingling all over and then the feeling rushing out of my penis, I felt a bomb go off in my groin and set my body on fire.  I collapsed onto the floor, breathing heavily.

As I came back to reality, I decided that a shower would clear up my head as well as the pee still on my leg.  Stripping off my tshirt exposed my hairy chest and developed pecs.  It was disconcerting to see a manly upper body with the plumbing of a woman.  Shaking my head, I turned on the shower and waited for the water to warm up.

I ducked in and wet my body, my hands running over my chest, arms, and legs.  It all felt the same except for the plumbing.  I washed my legs off, soaping up my pussy to get it nice and clean.  It started to stir the feelings in me once more.  "What the hell..." I said to myself as I soaped up my butt with one hand and played with my clit with the other.  I moved the soapy hand from my back to my front, soaping up my chest.  I pictured the woman I had been with the night before and remembered a trick or two that had driven her wild.  Bending slightly, I slid two fingers into myself while I rubbed my thumb across my clit.  I remembered her bountiful chest heaving back and forth as she moaned.  As I approached my second orgasm, I felt the muscles in my chest soften and ripen into two delicious looking breasts.  I turned into the water and washed the soap off.  The hair on my chest had gone with the soap, leaving me with a set of beautiful breasts.

My jaw dropped as I squeezed my left nipple and felt a rush of pleasure, enough to pair with the stimulation of my pussy and send me over the edge.  I collapsed to the floor, two fingers still inside me.

My mind raced.  "Could I change my shape??"  I caught my breath, rinsed off and got out of the shower.  Looking in the mirror, I saw my head, broad shoulders, two perfect breasts (they looked about a 36D) a flat hairless stomach, a luscious pussy and two strong and hairy legs.

I took a deep breath and concentrated on my face.  I imagined what I would look like with no five aclock shadow.  Nothing happened.  I imagined what I would look like with long hair.  Nothing happened.

I took a second and realized I had been going about it the wrong way.  I thought about Angela, the woman I had been with the night before.  The breasts I was oogling, were exactly like hers, even down to the two freckles under her left nipple.  I imagined her body, her thin waist, her heart shaped ass, her supple skin, her long auburn hair, her green eyes...  I closed my eyes as my body began to change.  I could feel my shoulders shrinking, my waist coming in and my hips going out.  Along with the physical changes were emotional and hormonal changes as well.  My thought patterns changed.

When I felt it was done, I opened my eyes and saw Angela standing in front of me.  A slow lazy smile parted my lush red lips.  I put a hand on my hip and winked, and giggled when I saw my reflection.  The giggle even sounded high pitched.  I stood there in amazement.  I was 100% woman now.

A thought intruded into my pleasure.  "Can you change back??"  I bit my lip in a cute pout and thought about it.  Well, no better time than now.  I thought about what I looked like last night before I went to bed.  Suddenly I felt heavier, stronger, masculine.

I opened my eyes to see me in the mirror.  I said , "Hello" and heard my normal voice in my ears.  Now that I had been so critical of my shape, I noticed that I had a little paunch and that my upper body could use a little toning.  With a mental nudge that was a lot easier than I thought, my upperbody got bigger and harder and my stomach ripped into a washboard.

Laughing out loud, I realized that I could do anything I wanted.  One more experiment.

I thought about Alicia, my ultimate fantasy.  She wasn't one woman, she was many.  I had taken all of the best traits from women I had dated in the past and combined them into one 'girl'.  She was the one I thought of in the shower during dry spells with women.

I put my hands on my chest and pictured her in my mind.  I kept my eyes open as I saw the flesh on my chest melt and reform into a pair of 38D's.  The muscles and hair melted away from my china white skin as the hair on my head got shorter, blacker and straighter.  Lips filled out and got redder, nose thinner and a little longer, eyes slightly almond shaped.   The weight around my waist moved lower on my hips as my waist drew in.  As my thighs got more shapely and my eyes changed to green, I knew the transformation was complete.

"It's a question of picturing what you want to look like rather than seeing what you would look like" I thought to myself.

"You catch on quickly!" a voice inside my head spoke, with a hint of laughter.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
to be continued??  email me if you like it - geek_writer@yahoo.com