Evil Stepmother
by Drew 

Her step mother hated her. It might have been becuz Cindy was prettier and smarter and generally more well liked than her two troll-like stepsisters. Cindy was an attractive, athletic 5'6" with long shapely legs. Cindy had what the boys call a nice rack. Couple that with a tiny waist and a nice toned set of buttocks and Cindy was a dream for any high school lad. Her stepsisters on the other hand were nasty, stupid, absurdly obese, and just socially unacceptable. They thought their shit didn’t stink but it did, along with their breath, arm pits and feet and between their legs it smelled like the catch of the week. Hygiene was not their strong point. 

Cindy's stepmother took a lot of satisfaction in belittling and humiliating Cindy. Especially when it came to punishment. She once made Cindy pull her pants down and get a spanking at Walmart to the delight of her wretched stepsisters. It was right on the bench outside the Walmart's McDonald's with a plastic Ronald looking on with a gleeful smile. She was 13 at the time. So u can imagine how embarrassing it was. 

Her stepmother was the Lord and Lady of the house since Cindy's father was away a lot. She was a powerful woman that scared Cindy. 

Cindy had just turned 17 when the dryer broke. Of course it was Cindy's fault, she was the one that did the laundry, all the laundry. So after Cindy washed the all clothes, towels, bed sheets she had to put them baskets and in the car and the whole fam-dam-ly went to the laundry-mat to use the dryers. They also brought a couple blankets to wash since the blankets required a industrial size washer. 

"Put the stuff in the dryers first then put the blankets in the washer," her Stepmother ordered while her two precious fattys sat and ate ice cream. Cindy dutifully complied, she knew better than to complain about the unfair workload. Do what she says cuz shes gonna get her way. She had just filled the last dyer and turned them on and was getting ready to fill up the washing machine after stuffing the blankets in when her two chubby nemisis came over and asked if she wanted a can of cream soda. These two morons were giggleing and laughing so she knew something was up. "No thanks," she said. 

"Awwww come on, have one" they giggled their little piggy eyes almost disappearing into their fat cheeks as they grinned. 

"No thanks , I'm good" 

"Mom, she won't take our gift." they pouted.

"What the hell's wrong with you? take their damn gift u inconsiderate brat," the stepmother sneered.

"Ok, ok I'll have one!" She would be very careful opening this drink. But before she could take it from them they opened it and sprayed her shirt and pants down with the red soda pop. They laughed their fat asses off and mommy dearest joined them in laughing and pointing at Cindy's pop covered outfit, then as if she had a switch, stopped and yelled at Cindy, "What the hell did you do to your new outfit? I bought you that outfit for your birthday and you ruined it, you idiot!" 

It was a lousy white t-shirt and a yellow pair of cheap cotton pants, $15 tops at Big Lots. 

"Well, I'm not gonna let you ruin them, put them in with the blankets and well wash them." 

"What? but i havent got any thing else to wear?!!" 

"I said NOW. It's your own fault; if you weren't so clumbsy." 

"But they did it," she cried pointing to the still laughing blobs. 

"How DARE you blame my girls. I said get them clothes off," and she gave Cindy the "do or die" glare. 

Cindy reluctantly pulled her t-shirt over her head and threw it in the washer, then put her thumbs in the cheap elastic waist band of her cheap thin pants and slowly lowered them looking around at all the patrons that had been wakened up by her stepmothers big fat mouth. Cindy's face was bright red. There were only 6 or7 people standing around staring, but it was only 9 am. By the time she got her clothes back it would be past 10 and it was Saturday, so who knows how many people would be in here seeing her in her white undies. 

Cindys stepmom insisted on white bra and panties; it made everything seem so clean, she would say. Cindy thought, she needed to scrub down those two pigs if she wanted clean. 

"I see a red spot on her bra" one half of the 'terrible twos' sang out. 

"Theres no spot on my bra," Cindy insisted, knowing what would happen if there was. 

"There is now" and the other half threw what was left in the can onto her front. With horror Cindy saw it had hit not only her bra but her panties and socks and cheap-ass canvas tennis shoes. 

"Wow, now thats a shame!" the step mom said smiling, then her smile faded and she told Cindy to take off the rest of her clothes and throw them in with the blankets. 

"Please no, Ill be naked!" Cindy pleaded in a loud whisper. 

"Get 'em in there," her stepmother insisted, "NOW!" 

Cindy looked around. Everybody was staring at her, wondering if she was gonna strip naked for them. She had no choice. One way or another, the wicked witch of the west was gonna to have her way. Cindy had tried before to defy her stepmother and it always ended up worse for her. How could this get any worse? She didn't want to find out. Cindy untied her shoes and pulled them off, next came her socks. The floor felt cool on her bare feet. She looked up at her glaring step mom, praying for a reprieve, but none was coming. So she slowly unclasped her bra. The two pigsisters were looking on, their little pig eyes shining at the prospect of seeing more humiliation heaped upon poor sweet Cindy. She let her bra slid down her arms while at the same time trying to cover those most perfect of boobs, and she threw it along with the her shoes and socks into the front loader. Her panties were next and she dreaded this moment. Everybody was watching. She felt so small and vunerable and was about to expose all to strangers, her stupid lardo sisters, and Mommy Dearest. She slowy slid them down her long legs and let them fall from her knees down. The stepped out of them, feeling oh so naked, stooped down and picked them up then threw them in the washer and shut the door. She could hear the people laughing and explaining to the new arrivals what was going on and why this was girl completely nude. She had been embarrassed before but not like this. She felt so shamed so completely humiliated. She tried to cover her breasts and her crotch area as much as she could, as she put the money in the slots and started the huge washer then slowly moved to a corner. Then she squatted down waiting for the dryers to be done. 

Cindy was made to get up and put the softner in the washer, in front of all people, naked, and there were a lot more people, now. They watched her every move as she measured out the liquid and poured it down the little hole, her sweet buttocks jiggleing ever so slightly as she moved around. Just as she squatted back in her corner the first dryer was done. She jumped up and with her arms and hands covering her private parts, she moved quickly past some people over to the rows of dryers. She opened the dryer and pulled out a big towel and wrapped it around her, breathing a sigh of relief and loving how the still hot towel felt against her skin. 

"Hey, that's one of my best towels; get another old one." Cindy pulled the towels out and her mother said, "Take that good towel off or you'll get nothing to wear." Cindy took it off and traded it for another. "No not that one; put that white one on." The white one wasn't near as big as the rest. it hardly even covered her buttcheeks. And her pussy almost peeked out in front. It barely went around her, opening a slit on the side when she walked. 

"Okay, now unload the rest of the dryers." Reaching way into the back of the dryers exposed her pussy lips when she bent over. There must have been 20 people inside now, none of them wanting to leave even though their laundry was done. All watching Cindy having to almost crawl into the dryers to get the washed articles in the back. Showing lucious ass and her pink puffy labia. She was beyond embarrassed, she was shamed and humiliated. If she was lucky maybe she would just drop dead, she thought. 

Her Stepmother then made her fold all the towels and bedsheets. Several times her towel came undone and she had to either catch it or pick it up after it fell off leaving her standing completely nude with a sheet in her hand. "Get it folded, then u can pick up ur towel" her stepmom would yell at her, making her stand naked holding up the sheet trying to fold it without letting it touch the ground. 

Finally the blankets were done and she had to put them in the dryer. She finished folding all the towels and sheets and went to sit down so she could finally hide her ass. But Mommy dearest had other plans. 

"Take those baskets out to the car!" 

"What? Outside? Please no!!" Cindy pleaded.

"NOW I said," her stepmom ordered with a sneer. " And don't set those baskets down on the dirty ground." 

Cindy tightend her towel silently praying, "Please dont fall off, please dont fall off." She took the first basket out and it went pretty good. She just got it in the car when her towel came loose, but she caught it before it could slip down. Unfortunately being only clad in a towel too small to cover it all attracted lots of attention. She took the second one out and put it in the back of the Suburban. She saw she was gonna have to push them forward to have enough room. When she pushed she had to lean way far in and the people on the street and in the parking lot now watching and the people in the laundry mat windows were treated to a delightful pussy shown from behind. On her third trip her towel fell off while she was carrying the basket and she had to walk all the way to the car naked with just a clothes basket in front of her and just her hands to hide her boobs and pubic area on the return trip to pick up her towel. 

One more basket and she could go back inside and wait for her clothes. Again her towel fell off and people got to see her bare ass as she walked thru the parking lot to her car. She hurried to the car and put the basket in then ran back to find her towel but it was gone. Some guy had it, saying "Looking for this?" 

She stood in front of the young man trying to cover herself, aware of the crowd gathering. "Please give me my towel."

"What do I get?" he asked, with a perverse look on his face. The people all around were now forming a circle around the two. "Please just give it to me." 

"First take ur hands off your titties and your pussy, we all want to see them real good." She didn't want to, but had to get back so she moved them to her sides. 

"Ok now give me my towel!" 

"Not just yet, you've got to earn it" he snickered.

Cindy didnt want to perform for him or the crowd, so she ran back into the laundry mat. Once in she hid herself with her hands from the patrons, her lardass stepsisters and mostly her step mother. 

"Where's my towel?" her stepmom demanded. 

"A guy took it," was her meek reply. 

"Well go get it back, I'm not gonna loose a good towel just becuz ur a little chicken shit."

Cindy blushed, "But he wants me to do....things... to get it." 

"I dont give a damn what you have to do to get that towel back, just get it back." 

"Please, dont make me go back and get it. Everyone will see me naked," Cindy was begging.

"You get your ass out there and get that towel; I dont care what he makes u do, YOU DO IT!" she screamed the last part out. 

"But...but..." 

"NOW, if I have to get up, you'll be sorry you were born." 

Cindy hesitated and the mean old bitch stood up. Cindy had no choice. She went out the door, bare ass naked, and ran, holding one hand and arm over her boobs and a hand covering her crotch, thru the smattering of startled people towards the parking lot. The dude was still there holding her towel like he knew she'd be back. This was even more humiliating. Having to go back to him and all the people waiting there, to beg for her towel back would be belittleing enough, but to do it without any clothes at all was beyond any humiliation she had ever felt. Going back to do, God only knows what, for this pervert. At least he wasn't aware she had to do anything he wished. He'd just think she would only go so far and that would be it. She'd have to play it cool and bluff him into thinking she wasn't going to take too much crap. 
He first made her stand with her hands in the air and legs spread so everyone could get a look at her beautiful body. Then he told her to touch her nipples. She rolled them in her fingers. It felt really weird to be doing this naked in front of a crowd of people. She just wanted to get this over with. Next he wanted her to touch her pussy. "Oh hell no! I've went as far as I'm gonna go. Now gimme my towel." 

Come on , if you want the towel, you'll do it!" 

"I don't want it that bad" she lied. She was hoping he wouldn't call her bluff. 

He was just about to hand her the towel when her two big mouth stepsisters told him. "She has to do whatever you want her to. Mom said she had to do whatever it takes to get back the towel." 

"She has to do anything?" The pervert's eyebrows went up. 

"Not anything....EVERYTHING!" the two blubber butts blurted out in unison and then giggled. 

Cindy's heart dropped, she felt a really strange feeling in her stomach. She knew she was in for a very bad time. 

"Oh, trying to play me, were you?" The guy smiled a wicked smile. 

"You'll pay for that. Touch your pussy like I told you to, now." 

Cindy closed her eyes trying to pretend she was alone. It wasnt easy with people whistling at her and laughing at her. Her hand went to her pussy lips. He told her to rub them. She rubbed them lightly. Then he instructed her to rub them harder and faster. This was feeling strangely good and before long she noticed she was getting wet, but she was soon brought back to reality when people started yelling they couldn't see her enough. The pervert made her climb up on top the suburban. Now she was up there completely bare and had to rub her pud for the whole crowd. 

"Tell them you like it," the pervert instructed. "No tell them you love it, he insisted, with new forceful purpose.

"Please dont make me....." 

"TELL THEM NOW" he demanded loudly, which starteled poor Cindy.

"I like it," she screamed, in terror more than anything else.

"LOUDER" he instructed.

"I like it....I like it" she found herself repeating. "I like it more than anything else!" she found herself screaming in shock.

"What do you like?" he demanded.

She hestitated. Your either do as I say when I say or I swear I'm gonna rip this towel in half and tell ur mom u told me to." 

"NO, NO!!! please don't!! I'll do it. I LIKE IT; I LIKE IT I LIKE TO RUB MY PUSSY!!!" she yelled at the crowd at the top of her lungs. 

The crowd cheered, "More! give us more!!!" They jeered, "rub that pussy more for us! We wanna see!"

"How could people be so mean?" Cindy thought.

"Tell them to look at your pussy" the perverted guy demanded. 

"LOOK AT MY PUSSY, LOOK AT MY PUSSY!!!" she yelled, as the tears came. She had never been so disgraced in all her life. 

"Good! Now, put your finger in ur pussy and move it in and out," said the perv. "Tell all the good folks to watch as you finger ... yourself."

She was beyond humiliation. At this stage of the game, she was just a puppet. Whatever he wanted, she would do. She decided to just give in to his demands. She had no choice. 

She spread her legs and inserted a finger and begin to move it slowly in and out, slowly. "WATCH ME FINGER... MY PUSSY, WATCH ME FINGER... MYSELF!!!" she exclaimed as instructed.

"Very good little girl, keep it up!" he instructed. "Keep talking to the crowd, they love it!!!" the perv laughed.

She did as she was told as more people gathered round watching her moving her middle finger in and out her pretty pink koochie, all the while telling them to watch her as she finger ...ed herself, to look at her pussy.... "Watch me, watch me..." she said over and over. 


"Ok make it two fingers", he demanded next. 

So she added her ring finger to her now very wet little snatch. She closed her eyes in a dream... hoping this nightmare would vanish. She shifted her feelings from her mind to her body...

"Faster, move them in and out faster," she heard him repeating off in the distance, her eyes clothes fingers dwelling on her sex....

She was moving them faster breathing a lot harder. The people couldnt believe this attractive teenager was up on top a Suburban, totally naked, yelling at everyone to watch her masturbate.

Her cries for the crowd to watch were becoming filled with "oh's" and "ah's" as she got more and more turned on. 

"Okay," the guy in charge of her suddenly broke in. "Now put that wet ... finger in ur ass!!!!"

OMG!!! She'd played with her little butthole before and actually stuck her finger up in there. It seemed a little dirty and obscene when she did it in her bedroom in the dark, all alone. But now she was being instructed to do it in the light of day where everyone in the parking lot could see her do this perverted thing to herself. She smeared some pussy juice around her anus, plenty was almost dripping off her front. 

Then she rewet her finger and slowly inserted it. It felt so wrong to be doing this in front of all these people, while standing on an SUV out in the middle of a parking lot. But it was starting to excite her. She started moving her little hand in and out with out being told. Her eyes were closed. The voice of the pervert told her to spread her legs to give everyone a view. Start telling them, he said, to watch her fingering her ass. 

So Cindy spread her legs and stuck her butt out moving the finger in and out, while at the same time started yelling for people to watch her finger... her asshole. 

"LOOK AT ME, LOOK AT ME, EVERYBODY!!! I'M FINGER...ING MY ASSHOLE!!! WATCH EVERYBODY AS I FINGER... MYSELF!!!!" Her sphincter loosened up and she moved in in and out faster and faster, and deeper and deeper. 

"Ok now two fingers," said the perv.

She obeyed without protest now. What choice did she have anyway, she thought? Besides, she was beginning to like it. This wasn't her fault. She was just following orders. She wet her finger down with her still lubed pussy. Then slowly inserted both fingers. She pushed them up inside her as deep as she could go, and brought them halfway out, then started the in and out motion. He told her again to tell the crowd to watch her, as if anyone out there could take their eyes off her now -- the gorgeous nubile nude teen girl on top the car. 

"WATCH ME, EVERYBODY, WATCH ME!!! I'M ...ING MY ASSHOLE, LOOK AT ME FINGER...ING MY ASSHOLE!!!" she screamed out. 

Her lithe fingers were moving in and out, her cute little butt was moving up and down. She was really getting into it as she kept telling the cheering mob to watch her, in her now deep breathy voice, to watch now what she was doing to herself. 

Without a word from the pervert, she brought her hand up and started squeezing her nipples and rubbing her beaurtiful breasts. The crowd could see she was in another world loving it as much as were they. The crowd yelled their approval and encouragement, which just made Cindy more eager to please them. 

She slid her hand down from her boobs and inserted two fingers into her hot wet pussy while she squatted wider and then bent over showing everything she had. 

"OMG, OMG OH YEAH OH YEAH!!! OOOOOOOOOOOOH....." She was so close to an orgasm. 

"OH YEAH, I LOVE TO ... MYSELF!!!" she was almost screaming over and over. 

"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOUR DOING, YOU LITTLE SLUT?" 

Her stepmother's voice brought her down to earth. She stopped with her fingers still inserted inside her openings, her eyes wide open. 

There, standing before her, was her Stepmother. Her hands on her hips and a scowl on her face. "Get your slutty ass down here, Cindy!" 

Suddenly, Cindy felt the shame she would have felt if she hadn't been so caught up in her aroused state. Had she really been doing that vile filthy thing to herself in front of all these people, some of who she felt certain she knew? She climbed meekly down off the Suburban and stood before her fuming step mom, red faced, naked and now flushed with embarrassment. She felt small, disgraced and worthless. She looked up at her stepmom, who was glaring back at her. 

"So you want people to see you're a slut, huh? So you want them to see you ... yourself here, do you?" 

"No" she said almost trembleing. She knew her stepmother well and she knew this old bitch would have to go some to top the stunt that she just had pulled. Cindy could see her stepmother's wheels turning in her head, trying to come up with a way to humiliate Cindy even more than she had done to herself just now. 

"So you want people to watch u ... yourself. "Look at my pussy!!!" you were yelling, look at my asshole you shouted, watch me ... my asshole you were screaming, almost with abandon. Well, let's let them see u really get ...ed in the ass, you slut. Any volunteers?" 

The pervert stepped up , "Hell yeah , I'll take a turn at that!!!" 

"Okay. Cindy, bend over and put your head on the tailgate!!! Listen to me, do it now!" her stepmother ordered. 

Cindy did as she was told. She bent over and instantly felt her stepmom kicking her ankles. "Spread those legs apart, slut!!!" 

Then she felt a hand, a warm hand rubbing her pussy to get the lubricating juices flowing again. She knew from how it felt, it had to be that disgusting pervert guy. 

"Just spit on it, treat her like the little whore she is! No wait, let her provide the spit," her Stepmom said in a voice so loud everyone could hear. 

Then to Cindy she said "turn around here u tramp and suck his dick. get it all nice and wet. While ur at it, let everyone see you play with that dirty ... of yours. Cindy turned around and dropped to her knees. She looked up to see that perverted guy with his dick at full mast grinning at her. He stepped forward and stuck it in her face. 

"Ok, tell every one how u like to suck cocks. Go on yell it, while u jack him off." 

She was forced to yell, "I love sucking cocks" as she jacked the dick in front of her face. After she yelled it several times loud enough for her stepmom's satisfaction she was instructed to put the hard cock in her mouth while everyone watched. 

"Get it nice and slobbery, the more spit on it the better for u and you better start playing with that asshole ur so proud to show to everyone here. Not so proud now, are you?" 

No she wasn't. She felt ashamed and humiliated. Her Stepmom had a way to make her feel small but this was way beyond any shame she had experienced. She was completely naked, forced to give a stranger a blowjob, with her fingers in her asshole right in front of a crowd in broad daylight. And to make matters worse, she was about to be butt...ed in public. 

The stepmother told Cindy to get off her knees and get back on the tailgate. "Youve sucked it enough, now it's time to ... it!!" 

Cindy obeyed without question. She spread her legs and closed her eyes squeezing out the tears. All the lube from her wet pussy and from her mouth helped a little, but it still hurt...a lot. He had no mercy as he jammed it hard into her little virgin butthole. She didn't scream, but clenched her teeth and fought thru the pain. As he pumped her, Cindy's Stepmom said "Ok now, tell everybody how much u liked getting ...ed in the ass. And I want you to tell them so I hear it loud and clear! Tell them u love being ass...ed, you love a big cock in your ass. TELL THEM!!!" 

Cindy complied. "I love being butt ...ed, everyone!" 

LOUDER! I want them to hear it all over the parking lot," she commanded.

"I LOVE BEING BUTT...ED, I LOVE A BIG COCK IN MY ASS, " she repeated over and over. 

"Now beg him to ... u harder, ... ur dirty ass harder and that u love it, u little whore." 

Cindy's stepmother was loving this moment. Cindy didn't want to. Hadn't she been disgraced and degraded enough? Now she had to beg for this perverted stranger to ass... her. She had to let everyone hear her wanting more of this perverted immoral act. But she felt she had no choice. 

"PLEASE, ... ME HARDER, I LOVE IT, I WANT U TO ... MY ASS HARDER!!!" and he did. 

"Tell them ur a dirty little whore" her stepmom commanded. 

"I'M A DIRTY LITTLE WHORE , SO ... MY DIRTY LITTLE ASS HARDER."

The pain had subsided as her hiney hole relaxed and it was having an effect on her. That feeling she had up on the Suburban was coming back and she started touching her pussy, again. It was natural. Her pussy was dripping wet. Her cries to do it harder became real, mixed with moans as she spiraled into an orgasmic abyss. Her Stepmom saw she was beginning to enjoy it and said it was time to stop. 

"NO, NO DONT STOP! ... ME HARDER, FASTER, PLEASE DON'T STOP". and now she meant it and the pervert on the verger of blowing his wad was not gonna stop either. 

"I said stop!" Cindy's stepmom yelled and grabbed the pervert and pushed him away coming in between the two. The pervert lost his load right square in the face of the stepmother. And it was quite a load to lose, to say the least. About 3 good solid squirts, enough to cover her face. 

Cindy jumped up on the tail gate and turned around, she was seconds away from a full blown orgasm and she would not be denied. There in front of everyone she put her fingers deep in her pussy and pumped furiously. Being in front of everybody, doing all these dirty things, it stimulated her as much as her fingers. She pulled them out and started spanking her labia and suddenly just as her stepmother was stumbling around yelling about how the cum had blinded her, she turned toward Cindy standing on the tailgate smacking her pussy and splooooged right in her stepmothers jizz covered face. Cindy had never cum so much in her life. It exploded out of her vagina like a water balloon and covered her stepmom head to chest. 

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!" her stepmom screamed and tried to run away but ran right into a truck. 

"POW!!" It was just backing out and didn't see her. It slowly moved thru the parking lot with Cindy's stepmom's dress caught on the bumper. She was screaming stumbling backwards after it. The 80-year old man driving must not have had his hearing aid turned up cuz he just kept going, slowly thru the parking lot. 

The stepmother fell and was being dragged down the isle, her dress had been pulled up to her arm pits and was over her head. Her old white granny panties were sliding down past her ass and onto her ankles and came off just before the old man hit the highway. Away they went as she was dragged outa sight still screaming. 

They people just stood and watched , transfixed. Cindy stood up on the tailgate of the Suburban, still naked, her crotch and thighs dripping with her love juice, watching her wicked Stepmom being dragged outa her life. She smiled and waved goodbye. And everyone had to laugh at the two fat stepsisters trying to run after her, screaming "Mommy , Mommy!!! Come back!!!"

The crowd turned back to her and broke out into applause at the great entertainment. Cindy suddenly was aware she was still nude but didnt care. She finally felt totally free.




