Window Dressing
by Tweston

Changing her store display gave a better show than expected.

I ignored it the first time it happened, thinking it had nothing to do with me. But when it happened a second time, it became clear, especially because it was immediately followed by a third. I stood up and turned around so I could look out the window and see what was going on. And there were three men staring at me through the glass.

I was in the display window of my small gift shop, making major changes to what was on display, as I do every quarter. I had been changing the outfit on the mannequin at the center of the display, and I was down to changing the shoes. And I mean literally, down. I was bent over fastening the straps on the mannequin's sandals when I heard the first whistle. When the second whistle occurred, it was accompanied by some shouts and some knocking on the window. When I turned to see what the noise was all about, I saw three men acting as if they were celebrating. That's when I realized that my short skirt was hiding little, if anything, while I was bent over. I stood up and slowly adjusted my skirt so it properly covered my panties.

I was wearing what I normally wore when I was working at my shop. A skirt, short but reasonable, button-down blouse that was almost transparent with a camisole underneath to hide my very lacy underwear. I knew that no one would see my underwear, but I wore a lacy matched set anyway because I like to feel sexy. At the moment, however, I wasn't feeling sexy.

I recognized the men staring at me as a small part of the construction crew working on remodeling the abandoned building next to mine, and they were acting like the men of a stereotypical construction crew -- rude, crude and totally unacceptable. For a moment, I considered filing a formal complaint about their actions, but then I realized that I had no idea where I would file that complaint. As far as I knew, the construction foreman was one of the three standing in front of my display window. I shrugged my shoulders and tried to hide my irritation.

As I started to turn back to my work, I saw one of the men gesture toward the mannequin. I turned to look why and immediately saw the reason. I had not buttoned it's blouse, leaving the very sexy bra almost totally exposed. I shook my head, thinking that there was no limit to the sexual frustration and even depravity of construction workers. I marveled that these men would get excited over the plastic and wood of a mannequin.

"I wonder what they would do if a real woman flashed some underwear at them." As soon as I muttered my comment, knowing they couldn't hear me, I found myself grinning over a really depraved thought of my own. I paused for only a second before dismissing the thought, but somehow the thought kept coming back to me as I finished with the sandals on the mannequin.

My underwear is much more sexy than hers. And I am much more sexy than she is. My silent conversation only excited me more.

And I suddenly felt myself getting wet.

I casually looked over my shoulder to confirm the men were still looking in the windows. Then I grinned at them and turned back to the fake woman and flipped her blouse open, teasing them with a clear shot of her bra. The hooting and hollering behind me made it clear that these men were so horny they would get excited over anything as long as it looked like a woman. And the thought hit me again about how much better it would be if a real woman were to flash some sexy underwear.

Without thinking, I bent over at the waist again to finish buckling the straps on her sandals. This, of course, caused my skirt to rise, showing a lot of leg but not quite showing my panties. At least I didn't think so. The noise behind me got much louder, and I could hear just enough through the thick plate glass window to make it obvious the noise was about me. In fact, I even heard one of the men call for some more of their workers to see the show. I felt my face flush in embarrassment for just a moment, and then a grin took over my embarrassed expression.

"Fuck, woman, you are enjoying this!" The words exploded out of my mouth without my permission. As I paused to consider those words, my grin got even wider. I was not only enjoying it, I was getting turned on by it. I could feel my pussy getting even wetter, and my juices oozed into my panties.

And suddenly the show was on.

Still bent over, I stretched my hand beyond the sandals, causing my skirt to raise even more. From the increase in the noise behind me, I knew they could see my scarlet panties, but I was not quite sure exactly how much they could see. I had worn my sexy scarlet (what the men behind me would call red) bra and panties set. The panties were mostly transparent lace with a cotton crotch, and the bra was all transparent lace. And I was fairly sure the men could see my crotch. Suddenly, I jerked to a vertical position, having realized that the red cotton would clearly show the wet spot that I was slowly developing. As a reflex, I turned around to see the men and they were laughing at my embarrassment.

I stood as tall as I could and smiled at them, and then turned sideways so the men could get a complete idea of what they were looking at. I stood four inches above five feet tall, making me what most men would describe as petite. I was slim from working out three times a week, with my hips a little wider than my narrow waist and my ass tight and round. My boobs were a full C-Cup, larger than average for my body. If anyone was still concerned with measurements, mine were 35-24-35. My dark brown, almost black, hair hung down my back but stopped short of the small of my back. And my face was more attractive than average.

In short, pun very much intended, I was considered attractive by just about every man I had met, and considered sexy by most, based on the number of men who turned to watch as I walked past them. And I felt self-conscious as I realized I was jealous of a mannequin for the attention she, I mean it, was receiving.

At 34, I was the new owner of a really nice gift shop, which I inherited from my grandmother when she died last year. The shop offered rather exclusive gifts to a high end clientele. Having no idea how to run a high-priced gift shop, I was almost frantic to explore marketing ideas for my new business. And somehow, in my developing but twisted reasoning, I was willing to risk this erotic effort as a legitimate marketing effort. Or maybe I was simply turned on and horny. Either way, it seemed like a game to me, one which was getting obvious attention.

I turned back to the mannequin and pulled her blouse closed, covering her underwear. I heard an increase in the negative noises behind me, indicating that the men were disappointed. I had to grin for a second, and then I pulled her blouse open again, showing off the lacy bra I had put on her before the crowd started to form. I turned toward the men and pointed to the mannequin, and they all cheered. Then I covered her again and heard boos and hisses. And then I took things to the next level.

Slowly, I unbuttoned two of the buttons of my blouse. Since I already had two buttons undone, the additional two buttons exposed part of my bra. The cheers and applause indicated I had their complete attention, and I felt a thrill run down my spine and a tingle invade my pussy. I had never done anything like this in the past and I was amazed how much it turned me on. I usually wore attractive clothes that rode the fence between chaste and sexy, a result of the conservative parents who raised me. In fact, I had never even had a threesome before, so I had little to which I could compare my mixed-up feelings. A spontaneous smile grew on my face, and I played with the right edge of my blouse, revealing the top half of the right cup. This let the men see that my bra was totally transparent. I felt my nipple get hard and knew that the men could see it. I noted that the number of men had increased to maybe a dozen, and they all cheered and whistled. I got so excited about the larger audience that I felt an orgasm building in my pussy. My body was obviously loving my unplanned exhibitionism.

I turned my back to the men and slowly pulled up my skirt from behind, giving them a clear view of my almost transparent panties. The noise behind me almost exploded, as if their favorite football team just scored. With the hem of my skirt resting on the small of my back, and the noises reaching a mild roar, I felt a small orgasm hit me. My body quivered and my pussy pulsed, and from the noise behind me I knew they had seen it. I dropped my skirt back down, and collapsed to my knees.

"Ohmygod, I just came in front of all these men!" The words escaped my mouth before I could stop them, and my face turned red. I was embarrassed and excited at the same time, and I knelt there for a moment, amazed at my actions and my response to them. Then I got a depraved idea and I sat on a folding chair I had placed there earlier so I could more easily move things on the floor.

Facing the crowd, I spread my legs a few inches, but only for a couple of seconds. Then I closed my legs and waited for a response. My actions caused an immediate explosion among the men outside, and I knew the noise level was going to get some additional attention. My gift shop fronted a busy street and there were always cars driving by and a few shoppers walking by. Suddenly, the idea of some of my shoppers, and even some of my friends, seeing my display filled me with fear. But the fear was quickly replaced by an increase in the level of excitement I was feeling, and I was again amazed at the realization that I was really enjoying my exhibitionism.

For a few seconds, I surveyed the men watching me, noting the ages and clothing of the people there, and I had to grin at my informal marketing survey. Then I spread my legs again, this time wide enough for the men to clearly see the wet spot in my panties. And I knew the wet spot had grown much larger since I had cum just seconds earlier. I watched as the men pointed at my crotch, the moisture in my panties totally capturing their attention. And then I closed my legs. The groans of disappointment were loud enough to penetrate the thick glass between us. But I wasn't finished with showing my body.

I reached back up to my boobs and pulled my blouse even further to the side, totally exposing my right cup. After giving them a few seconds to see my right boob through the transparent cup, I smiled at the crowd. Hearing the noise level increase a proper amount because of their appreciation, I pulled the cup down, removing even the slight amount of cover offered by the transparent material. As soon as my full C-Cup tit with its very hard nipple was exposed to their view, the noise level exploded again. And my pussy tingled again, indicating how much this was turning me on. I felt so sexy and I couldn't believe it, but it motivated me to go even further.

Leaving my right tit on display, I unbuttoned the rest of my blouse and let it fall open. About half of my left bra cup was exposed to the crowd, so I slowly pulled my blouse to the side to completely expose my bra. The men outside cheered and applauded even louder. So, naturally, I pulled the left cup down, totally exposing both my naked breasts to them. The screams and whistles pushed me over the edge, and I came again, a soft and gentle orgasm that warmed my whole body. It was wonderful. After several seconds, I became aware of my audience again, and decided to continue the show.

This time I spread my legs and played with my pussy through my panties which, of course, almost doubled the size of the wet spot in seconds. I was always quick to lubricate and the two small orgasms just meant that my pussy was in overdrive. My excitement combined with the attention made me cum again.

As the spasms from my orgasm slowed and my breathing became normal, I removed my hand so they could have an unimpeded view of my wet panties. After several seconds, I had an insane urge to go even further. So I pulled my panties aside to let them see my wet pussy. There was total silence for a full second, and then the noise exploded again.

I had no explanation for it, but I felt my excitement sky-rocket. I had an unexpected and even uncontrollable urge to go further. I played with my pussy in front of all of them. I stroked my lips, pulled them apart to show my intimate opening, and then plunged a finger deep inside of me. I worked that finger in and out several times. Then I realized what I was doing and froze with my finger still inside of me.

I took a few seconds to consider the next step and I was almost overcome with fear. Then I shook my head and discovered a resolve I never knew I had. I stood up and stepped out of the display window. I heard the very loud noises of disappointment and could not stop the smile that spread across my face. I walked over to the front door of my shop and twisted the lock, knowing my tits were still on display. Pushing the door open a few inches, I motioned for the crowd to be silent, and then I looked at them.

I was totally turned on as I surveyed the group of men standing outside the door of my shop. By now, the group had increased to more than two dozen of the construction crew, plus half a dozen people who had been wandering by and saw the disturbance. I was amazed and more than a little frightened as I counted five women in the crowd. But I couldn't stop the smile as I looked at everyone with a smile that I already knew contained nothing but lust.

"I need one man, and only one. He will get naked and do things to me in front of this crowd. Who will it be?" I almost passed out from the anxiety I felt, but was saved by the excitement I felt.

Immediately, there was a near riot as each of the men shouted their desire to be that lucky man. But I noticed one man toward the back of the crowd who was saying and doing nothing. I pointed to him and asked his name.

"Brad, ma'am."

His admission was quiet, almost sheepish. He had a very handsome face and, as the group parted to let him speak to me, I saw that he had an absolutely gorgeous body. His muscles weren't huge, making it obvious he was no body builder, but they were large enough to give him a shape that inspired my desires. I guessed him to be in his mid-twenties, and my pussy oozed even more juices as I looked at him. I pointed to him.

"I choose you. Will you be my man today?" I gave him what I hoped was a teasing smile and I was surprised to see him hesitate. Then the men around him cheered and pushed him forward, making his hesitancy irrelevant. Just then I saw a woman standing among the others in the crowd. She was a little older than me, probably about forty. I had no idea what it was about her that caught my attention, but suddenly I became totally focused on her. I smiled at her and she returned my smile.

She was taller than me, but most people were. She had short hair, light brown with auburn highlights. Her eyes and brows were dark, and she wore very little makeup. Her professional pantsuit couldn't hide her large breasts or her long legs. And suddenly, I wanted her. I had experimented with women twice while in college, but never since then, yet I wanted this woman. I pointed at her and motioned her to come forward. The crowd slowly parted and she moved forward. My eyes locked on her eyes for several seconds until I finally spoke to her.

"Would you care to participate in this absolutely insane moment?" I paused and held my breath, waiting for her response. She continued looking at me, her gaze cool and controlled. After several seconds, she slowly nodded. I reached out my hand and took hers, gently pulling her inside my shop with me, and the chosen Adonis joined us. I turned and locked the door and then looked at both of them.

"My name is Brandy Wilcox and I own this shop. I inherited it from my grandmother last year, but I inherited no business or marketing experience. As a result, business is not going well. In my desperation, I have been thrashing about for some ideas to increase customers. By accident, some men stopped to watch me dress, or maybe undress, a mannequin in my display window. One thing led to another and I managed to flash them. I was already horny and the response I received from flashing them made me more horny and motivated me to try something totally bizarre.

"Look, I have no idea what I am doing here. I have never done anything like this, or even imagined me doing anything like this. I haven't been fucked in more than a month so maybe I am just really horny. But the crowd out there has motivated me to do some really stupid things, and I was wondering if the two of you wanted to join me?" I paused long enough for them to respond, and they looked at each other before finally nodding to me, introducing themselves as Sherry and Brad. I looked closely at Sherry before continuing.

"And honey, I am not a lesbian, but something about you captivated me and I had to invite you to join us. Are you okay with this?" Again, I waited for her response. And when it came, it took me by surprise.

Without saying anything, she stepped forward and kissed me so gently I was almost not sure it was a kiss, but it turned me on so much I was afraid I would cum again. I reached around her and placed my hand on the back of her neck, and pulled her into a kiss that was so passionate I forgot where I was until the crowd just outside the door screamed in excitement. I pulled back more quickly than I intended, but gazed longingly into her eyes for another couple of seconds. I was thrilled to see the same longing in her eyes. She smiled at me and spoke quietly, her voice almost drowned out by the noise outside.

"I have no experience with a woman either, but I found myself strangely drawn to you. I can't explain it, but I found it unexpectedly exciting." She paused to swallow, the only indication of uncertainty in her otherwise professional and capable demeanor. I smiled warmly at her for a couple seconds, and gave her another quick kiss. Then I tried to explain what I had in mind. But as I spoke, I realized I had absolutely no idea what I had in mind for the next part of this insane marketing effort.

"Fuck, I don't know what to do next. All I know is that I am horny, and I am certain that whatever we do will result in people going home or back to work and talking about my little shop. The combination of lust and financial pressure might be dangerous, but I am convinced that this will increase my business. In spite of my obvious lack of marketing experience, I have to believe that people talking about my shop will result in more people coming to see my shop. And if more people come to see my shop, my sales will have to increase. Insane or not, I am willing to try anything. Are you two willing to join me?"

It was amazing how the innocent intentions to change my display window, planned every three months, had morphed into a pornographic marketing plan including two strangers. I waited until they both nodded. I turned and walked us over to the display window and looked at the large crowd standing on the sidewalk outside. Then I looked at Sherry and Brad, still uncertain what to do.

Sherry smiled warmly at me for a moment, and then she leaned in to kiss me. It was warm and wonderful, and it lasted for quite some seconds. And the longer it lasted, the more passionate it got. And then I felt her hand on my right boob, which was still fully exposed from me pulling my bra down a few minutes ago. It rested there for several seconds without moving, and then it began to squeeze and massage first one tit and then the other. It felt so good that I had to moan loudly, and I heard the crowd outside make the expected noises. I pulled back and gazed deeply into Sherry's eyes.

"Fuck!" My one word exclamation was echoed in her eyes. A feeling of excitement skyrocketed and I moaned again. She smiled at me and pulled me into another kiss.

So far, Brad had said and done nothing, but that suddenly changed. I felt him move up behind me, pressing his body tightly against me and his erection poked my ass. He reached around me and used both hands to grab my breasts. As he played with my nipples, I had to groan again, this time even louder. Without breaking my kiss with Sherry, I reached behind me and grasped his boner. I slid my hand up and down and felt him grow even more. And I used my other hand to squeeze and massage Sherry's boobs through her clothes. The three of us stood in my display window engaging in sex while still on our feet.

And then I felt someone's hands unbuttoning the last of the buttons of my blouse and pulling it off my shoulders. I released boobs and boner to let my blouse fall to the floor. Fear struck my heart when I realized this was the point of no return. We were going to get naked in front of dozens of strangers. For a second, I wondered if we were going to get arrested. And then I found myself grinning as I decided an arrest would make sure word got around more quickly.

Sherry felt my grin and pulled back to look at me with a question in her eyes. Without loosing eye contact, I reached behind me and unclasped my bra, letting it fall to the floor. Then I reached down and unzipped my short skirt, letting it join my blouse on the floor. Finally, I stuck my thumbs into the waistline of my panties and slowly worked them down my legs. Stepping out of them, I looked down at my hairy pussy, mentally comparing it to the images I had seen on the few porn sites I had seen on the Internet. The people outside seemed to be going nuts, from the noises they made. I smiled at Sherry for a second and then turned to Brad, who was patiently standing behind me.

"Enjoying yourself, Brad?" He grinned widely at me.

"Very much, ma'am." I returned his grin.

"Thank you for being patient. Your turn is about to come." He nodded in polite acknowledgment of my promise.

"I would like that, ma'am." His grin seemed to get impossibly wide.

Then I turned back to Sherry. I reached forward and unbuttoned the top button of her blouse. I hesitated, gazing deeply into her eyes, waiting for permission. Sherry's response was to slowly unbutton the rest of her buttons. Turning to face our audience outside, she shrugged her shoulders and her blouse fell to the floor, exposing her very beautiful bra. This, of course, resulted in shouts and cheers. She turned back to me and pulled me into another kiss. I was so consumed by that kiss that I never noticed her unsnap and unzip her pants. Breaking the kiss for a moment, she bent over to remove her pants. Now she stood in front of our voyeuristic audience in only her panties and bra. Behind me, I heard Brad groan loudly.

"Shit, ladies, you are so hot." His words resulted in even more juices oozing from my pussy. I gave Sherry a quick kiss and turned to face Brad. I gave him a quick kiss, too, and then reached for the buttons on his shirt.

"I am willing to bet that you are hot, too. Should I prove it?" We looked at each other for less than a second and he attacked his own buttons. In seconds, his shirt was on the floor, his pants following. Within minutes, I was nude and the other two were standing in their underwear, with Brad's hard-on trying to force it's way out of his boxers. I looked at Sherry and she smiled warmly. When she spoke, her voice was almost a sweet purr.

"Why don't the two of you finish undressing me?" There was silence for just a moment and then Brad and I all but attacked her underwear. When she was standing nude, she covered her breasts with her hands and turned to face the crowd. The noise level increased for a moment, and then she removed her hands. Her boobs were smaller than mine, probably about a B-Cup, but they were perfectly formed, with dark areolae and even darker nipples. The crowd outside made enough noise to drown out my moan of pleasure. I reached over and tweaked her hard nipples, causing a lot more noises from outside and groans from inside.

Sherry smiled at me, the lust in her eyes obvious. Then she turned her back to the crowd. The noises from outside made the crowd's disappointment obvious.

I looked down at what had to be the perfect pussy. It was completely shaved, giving me a clear look at her swollen lips. The outer lips were puffy and dark and the inner lips protruded beautifully and were even darker. I wanted to suck those dark lips into my mouth so badly that it almost shocked me.

I immediately dropped to my knees and pressed my face into this perfect pussy, causing even more noise from the crowd outside. I groaned loudly myself as I slowly licked her pussy. And I heard Brad moan as loudly as I did, but for a moment, the rest of the world simply did not exist. I started by licking her plump lips from the bottom to the top, intentionally avoiding any contact with her clit. I licked again and her lips parted for me by themselves, allowing me to taste her. I moaned my pleasure and then licked her again. Finally, I pushed my tongue inside her so I could enjoy as much of her juices as I could take. I sucked her inner lips into my mouth, my lips pulling on her lips as I enjoyed their rubbery texture for several seconds. Then I went back to enjoying her swollen outer lips for a moment. Finally, I licked her clit.

Sherry gasped as I licked and then sucked on her clit. I felt her hands in my hair as she pressed my face harder against her pussy. I alternated between gently sucking on her clit and firmly sucking on her clit, making it move in and out of my mouth almost as if I was giving head to a cock. I shoved my tongue as deeply into her pussy as I could and moved it around for a couple of seconds, enjoying her pussy juices, and then I went back to her clit. And I loved how she changed her noises and their volume as I changed my activities. Going down on her was the most incredibly sensuous experience for me in a long time, and I was loving every second of it.

I really did not know how long I worshiped her pussy, but eventually I felt someone gently shaking my shoulder. Slowly, I became aware of the level of noise around me. I looked up at Sherry and saw her smiling eyes looking down at me.

"Brandy, I think someone is feeling ignored." She pointed at Brad, who was standing off to my right, still in his boxers and looking, like Sherry said, as if he was soaking in disappointment. It only took a second for me to realize what I was putting him through. After all, I had picked him out of a crowd of his co-workers to join me inside. Then I picked Sherry, too. We undressed him in front of everyone. And then I went down on Sherry in front of this crowd and totally ignored him. Shit, I was a really bad host!

I smiled at Brad and stood up. Still smiling what I hoped was my most teasing smile, I took the two steps over to him and slowly kissed him. It was a sweet kiss, not at all sensuous, and he barely responded. I pulled back and looked him deep in his eyes.

"Are you horny, Brad? Did watching me go down on Sherry turn you on?" I had to grin as he gave me a dizzy nod.

"Brad, would you like to play with my pussy?" It seemed like he stopped breathing long enough for me to get concerned. Then he slowly inhaled and gulped, almost in cartoon fashion. Finally, he nodded at me and spoke.

"Yes, ma'am." He hesitated for just a second, and then leaned down to kiss me.

This kiss started out sweet and gentle but quickly turned into something quite passionate. We kissed for several seconds, our tongues doing battle, until Brad was breathing rapidly. Without breaking the kiss, his two hands grabbed my two boobs and he almost mauled them. This went on for several seconds until his left hand found my right nipple. He twisted it and I groaned into his mouth. He twisted it again more forcefully and I moaned louder. I felt myself building toward another orgasm and I wanted to do something to take his attention away from kissing me and mauling my boobs, so my right hand worked its way down to gently grab his boner. I was pleasantly surprised at its size, and I squeezed it, causing a gasp from my intended lover.

As I worked at his boner, I felt two hands gently stroke my shoulders and then my back and finally my ass, and I knew Sherry had joined in. I broke the kiss with Brad long enough to gently kiss Sherry, and then I went back to Brad.

I pulled his boxers down far enough to free his hard cock and then I looked down at it. I was totally thrilled by its length and girth. He was about eight inches long and I was confident it would grow another inch as I coaxed him to his full hardness. But what excited me was its girth. He was so thick that I couldn't fully get my hand around him. And suddenly I wanted to get fucked.

I dropped to my knees to suck him and discovered, as I both feared and anticipated, that I couldn't get him into my mouth -- he was just too thick. I tried to relax my jaws and I finally worked the thick head of his cock into my mouth. Once I had accomplished that, I found it a little easier to get more of his cock into my mouth. But it was still difficult. I pulled back and looked at Sherry.

"Honey, this one is a little difficult. Do you think you can do better?" My smile was as much teasing as it was disappointed. She looked at me with a wide grin of lust and excitement.

"I don't know but I look forward to trying." And she dropped to her knees next to me. She opened her mouth wide and pulled his cock to her lips. It took her several seconds but she finally worked about four inches of his dick into her mouth. She began to move it in and out in something of a rhythm. I reached over to stroke the base, and then decided to play with his balls. As Sherry gave him head, I leaned down to lick his balls. The two of us gave him as much pleasure as we could until the predictable event occurred. He grunted loudly and Sherry pulled her head back. Pointing his cock at her bare breasts, we watched as he sprayed a huge load of cum all over her tits. Brad almost fell back on the nearby chair and Sherry turned to me. Thrusting her tits toward me, she grinned.

"Want some?" Her words activated my lust even more, and I quickly nodded. I leaned down and kissed her nipples. Then I licked and slurped until I had completely cleaned her boobs, taking his entire load in my mouth. Pulling back, I looked at Sherry with a question in my eyes. She quickly nodded and dropped to her knees, looking up with an expectant expression in her eyes. I moved my face over to hers and let a large dollop of thick cum drool out of my mouth into hers.

The noise outside exploded, causing both Sherry and me to grin at each other. This, of course, caused me to lose a little more cum and it fell on her face. I quickly lapped it up and then looked into her eyes again. She nodded and opened her mouth as I let the last of Brad's cum ooze out of my mouth and into hers. Then I dropped to my knees, hoping she would return the favor.

Sherry stood with her mouth just above mine, and let the cum fall into my waiting mouth. Then we kissed, sharing the cum between us. Finally, we both swallowed, conscious of the people outside watching our every move. And the noise exploded as we heard cheers and applause and whistles that was sure to draw an even bigger crowd.

We got to our feet and looked out at the crowd, which had grown to more than forty people, and then I pulled Brad to his feet. Looking at the people on the other side of the glass, I spoke to Sherry and Brad.

"Let's bow to our adoring audience." And we did.
