Another Slut Like Me 
by _Saber_ATHENA_

Another Slut Like Me - Ch. 01

A new friend made me feel like a slut.

It was my first morning at the Vacation house I booked to explore myself. After all this pandemic life had been shit. So, it was all for peace and to spend some quality time with myself.

Although this home is more like a two floor villa, one has a semi open kitchen, dining area, a huge place with comfy sofas and Television, right to it is a master bedroom and one room on this floor. Then, the other floor has a study, a pantry, and one huge room. Also, this home has its own backyard and a garage.

Nights here are a little cold but beautiful. I woke up a little later than usual because it took me around 7 hours to drive here. After a cup of coffee, I decided to go out for a walk and explore the nearby area.

This whole area was for vacation and most of the houses had the same kind of garage and backyard. Almost after 3-4 houses I saw a family taking their stuff in. There was this girl so pretty, a guy who seemed like her brother, all tall and a little dark. A couple more like their parents.

Unknowingly I was just staring at that girl until she waved me hello. Honestly I was a little embarrassed but I waved back. She ran out towards me.

"Hey, I am Jessica. Here for vacation time." She smiled.

"Hello, I am Athena. I got here yesterday too."

"That's lovely. How Long are you gonna stay? I mean we should catch up sometime." She said with an excitement in her eyes.

"Umm, sure. I am here for a while." I replied.

"Great! Let's meet at Lunch. We are planning to organise a barbecue."She offered.

"Would love it too." I smiled back. "See you at Lunch."

She went back in and I started walking towards the nearest store to buy something for my family as I am definitely going to join them for lunch.

I purchased a fine wine and some chocolate (local specialty). Then I went back home, took a bath and got dressed in a long frock with floral print on it, paired it up with white sneakers and cute floral earrings. I am basically a brunette with fair skin, hourglass body shape and an exact 34C bust, 28 waist and 30 ass. So, every dress I wear always compliments my boobs.

I reached them around 12.30 pm. Jessica answered the door and gave me a welcome hug. Then, She introduced me to her family. We all sat together for a while and had some chat about how they always come here for vacations. After that their parents went out to prepare lunch and his brother went straight to his room.

We both were sitting together on the sofa talking about general stuff where suddenly she asked, "Are you umm straight?"

"No, actually a Bi." I replied.

"Want to play a game? Actually, I used to play it with my cousin's sister when she used to come with us." She asked.

"What game?" I knew it's something great and I already felt a little butterflies in my stomach.

"Here, we both will give each other some sexual tasks. Whoever fails to do so will be punished with a spanking." She grinned.

And the butterflies doubled up.

"Play only if you dare." She laughed.

"Lol! Of course let's play." I replied.

"Okay, so to make you understand I will give you the first task." She looked at me and smiled.

"Yeah, go on." I replied.

"It's an easy one, more like a warm up one for you. So, what you have to do is come to my room after lunch, strip naked, find a vibrator, put that inside you and leave the door open. After you have an orgasm only wear your dress back, nothing else and walk back home with your juices flowing down your legs."

"Umm, okay!" Damn, I was hell excited.

Then, we proceeded outside for lunch. We talked a bit about everything. Her brother was always a little out of the conversation but her parents were too sweet. After we had lunch she looked at me and then at her parents.

"Mom, we are in my room talking." She told her.

"Ok, honey. Enjoy both of you." Her mother smiled.

"Are you gonna watch me?" I asked her.

"Yes. How else will I know you did what I asked you too?" She replied.

"Point." I said. I was a little nervous and a hell of a lot excited about it.

We went inside her room. She didn't latch her door and opened the window.

"You should get started." She suggested.

"Yes. I was about to." I said hesitating.

I started unzipping my frock and let it fall down. Then, I let go of my bra. My huge boobs fell out. I looked at her. She was enjoying the view. Then I picked both of them up and placed them on bed. I bend forward to pull my panties down my waist and all the way down.

I was standing there all naked in front of a girl I met this morning.

"Where is the vibrator?" I asked her.

"Find yourself. Maybe in the top drawer." She giggled.

Top drawer was above my height. She made me jump thrice to give me the right address. With every jump my boobs bounced harder and she enjoyed that. I was full on display for her and anyone trying to look inside the window.

Then I turned on the vibrator and pushed it inside me.

"Bend on the window." She commanded. Her voice was so heavy this time telling me that she is ordering me.

I did as she said without a question. Although I was worried about her family downstairs, what if someone watched my boobs hanging down the window.

This thought itself made me wet. I wanted her to spank me right there and treat me like her slave. I wanted her to call me slut and treat me like one.

All she did was enjoy the view. It was my first time getting this horny in front of someone. Someone who is about to see me get an orgasm and maybe the most humiliated orgasm of my life if anyone saw me.

"Do you want to be seen?" She asked.

'Did she read my mind.' I thought.

"Why?" I replied.

"Just tell me what you want to be. I also wanted to be seen when I was like this here with my cousin." She Said.

"Yes, honestly I want to be seen though not by your family but someone else." I accepted. I felt like a slut as I accepted that.

She laughed, "yes, I don't even want my family to know."

After that her hand rubbed my boobs, she played a little with my nipples and I almost got an orgasm. It continued till I got a real one.

She pulled the vibrator out of me and made me suck it. I sucked it as I would have sucked a Dick who gave me the best orgasm of the year.

After that she didn't let me wash up and asked me to wear a dress and sneakers back. I obeyed her. My nipples were erect and visible through the surface of the dress. Thankfully, the material of this dress was translucent and my boobs were not on display. My thighs and pussy were all wet.

We went downstairs. She called her parents. I was so uncomfortable to meet them like that with everything on display. And I wonder if they got an idea of me not wearing a bra when we said our goodbyes for the day. Thankfully, her brother didn't join us.

I walked home and noticed many people staring at my boobs. It was humiliating yet it made me more wet every time anyone noticed me.

I was so horny by the time I reached home. I rushed inside and started masturbating right away.


Another Slut Like Me Ch. 02

A neighbour saw her and made the task sexier for the slut.

The whole day went by me feeling horny from now and then. I loved what she did to me. I want her to do more. But right now it's my turn to be ready with a task. I googled ideas to search what I can give her as I was a newbie in her game.

All tired with my mind flashing the memories of what happened today I threw myself to bed early today. Still thoughts were rushing like they never halted. Finally, I decided on a task for her which I always wanted to do but never got the courage to.

It's 5 in the morning and I prepared myself for a run. There are still butterflies in my stomach. God! I need her badly. It's all peace and nature outside. Where can I find something so good in my city? It is only possible in a place like this.

I went to a park nearby and did some light physical activity for almost an hour. It was the moment when I saw her. She came straight to me.

"Hey, sexy." She waved.

"Hello." I smiled and replied.

"I wish I would have asked you to workout naked. I can totally imagine how great that could have been." She whispered.

"Why? Wasn't that good?" I teased her knowing she loved it.

"That was awesome but it would have been great too." She played back.

"Next time." I grinned.

I wanted her to make me strip right away and make me workout like that. Also, it would be great if she made me walk naked home and then come with me for a morning fun time.

I cleared my thoughts and said,"Well, it's your turn now."

"Sure. Ma'am, please command." She replied confidently.

"Okay, so your task is to park your fathers 's car outside the garage and wash it while wearing your panties, lingerie and Heels. Be sexy and put a show on for your neighbours." I commanded as she asked me to.

"Umm okay and you are kind of my neighbour too. So, do you wanna have live tickets for the sexy noon show when no one will be home?" She asked.

"Sure. Let's do it. 2 pm?" I smiled.

"Sharp at 2. Don't be late as I don't want other neighbours to wait for long." She giggled.

"Bye. See you at 2." I replied and left for home.

Excitement curled inside my stomach. I was thinking of what I will do and how it will be to see someone doing that. I already wanted her to take me to her bed ASAP.

With these thoughts I had breakfast and did other chores. It was 1pm when I started getting ready for the show. I planned on wearing something sexy too. It was a strappy pink playsuit I had never worn before. I don't even know why I bought it. It was way more revealing as per the code of conduct of my office. It has nothing till the lower back, just the strap around my neck and it was shorter than a mini skirt with a small cut in front around my waist. Paired that with a white sneaker and huge hoop earrings.

I left my home sharply at 1.55 pm as her house was just a couple of houses away from mine. To my surprise she answered the door in a red bikini. It has a top just like my playsuit had and quite revealing panties with high black heels.

"Hey, sorry I didn't pack a lot of Heels you know." She said as I was observing her.

"They look great though." I replied.

"Ready to watch your VIP show?" She asked while we walked towards her backyard.

There was a white table from the other day on which she placed juice bottles and decoded it nicely. Car was already out of the garage in the exact position I imagined.

"I am glad to see you this excited." I commented.

"Anything for your pleasure, ma'am." She smiled playfully.

I like that! I like that so much.

She picked up a spray bottle and a cloth. Her show started with her bending all the way on the bonnet and showing her small cute boobs while she cleaned. Then She went to the sides but that way her boobs got settled back in her bikini top. Although I was enjoying her moving and tweaking intentionally a lot but I want her on display.

"Why don't we remove this top hiding your boobs and make it more interesting?" I raised an eyebrow.

She came closer to me and whispered, " anything today for you ma'am."

With that sentence She threw up her bikini top revealing her pink nipples erect and her boobs falling out. God! They are smaller than mine but so cute. I want to have them in my mouth.

"Should I resume ma'am or you wanna enjoy the view closer from here?" She teased.

"Don't be smart and get back to your task." I commanded.

With every second her posture changed and her boobs danced along. My eyes were loving the view of her showing off her body this well.

I was enjoying my view sipping orange juice. Her boobs were soapy now as she rubbed them more than a couple of times on cars here and there for putting on a show. Unexpectedly, a man walked in and stood near her.

"Hey, girl. What are you doing? It's a decent neighbourhood. I was trying to work but you are distracting me a lot." He barked.

I got closer to her thinking if we are going to be in a problem.

"Sorry sir, but I am just cleaning my car." She replied.

"Yeah! Topless." He raised an eyebrow.

"So it's My yard and it's such a sunny day out there." She argued.

"Well, girl, I know this is your father's car and I have known him for years. Do You want me to send him a photo of how you are cleaning his car." He said calmly.

"Oh sir, I am really sorry I didn't know that you are someone close. Did these disturbed you a lot?" She said pointing at her boobs.

"Yes, a lot." He replied.

"What about you punish them for being this naughty?" She offered. I was surprised to hear what I just heard. She was offering herself to this man.

"Come here and sit on my lap." He gladly took the offer and sat on the nearby chair.

I stood there witnessing this all. She gladly came to him and sat on his lap. He touched her boobs, grabbed them, squeezed them and started pinching her nipples. She was moaning and I was getting wet. Well, I never thought of watching live porn but this was irresistible. He sucked her boobs and she moaned again. He was doing great as her moans were getting louder. She stood up, removed her panties and knelt in front of him. She unbuckled his trousers and pulled his erect Dick out. Then she sat on him taking his Dick all the way inside her. They both were moaning and in a moment she started begging him to go faster. They continued moaning, bitting, sucking and enjoying themselves and I imagined myself at her place. He fucked her. After they had an orgasm she got out from his lap and thanked him by kissing him.

"You were great, you little brat." He said.

"I am glad you enjoyed it." She replied standing there all naked.

"Maybe with you next time." He looked at me.

"I don't know." I uttered whatever came to my mind.

He laughed and left.

"Lost it?" She asked.

"God! What did you just do? Why did you offer him?" I asked.

"Because he seemed horny and I was damn horny too. Do you literally want me to just wash the car?" She asked.

"Umm. Maybe." I replied.

"That wouldn't have been this fun. What do you think?" She teased.

"Yeah, right." I just agreed.

"Do you wanna get fucked by him too? You know another time can be right away." She teased.

"No, thanks." I replied.

"Well I loved the task." She smiled.

"I can see that." I replied.

Actually I could see satisfaction all over her body.

"Okay then, you did well. Now get freshen up. See you later!" I planned for bye.

"Wait. Write down your phone number here you never know when I want you to do a task for me." She grinned.

"Sure." I said putting my excitement aside.

I jotted down my number on a notepad on the kitchen table and left wishing for her to give me something really fast. I don't know how long I will be able to hold myself with the memory I just got.

I walked back home indulged in these thoughts.


Another Slut Like Me Ch. 03

He showed me what a slut I am.

I got home, still a little surprised. All the way and a lot more I spent thinking what would I have done if it was me. Maybe somewhere I wanted to be her.

I have never been a slut like this but I wanted to be one. I checked my phone a few times while I prepared for the dinner to check if there was any message from her. I don't know what was taking her so long. Even the thought of mistaking my own number crossed my mind too. But how is that possible like this is a number I have since my first phone.

I had dinner watching a web series I like. Then I changed into cute shorts and a crop top as I didn't want to sleep naked today after what's happening in my life. I totally put my phone aside thinking she won't communicate today.

I heard my phone ringing. Gosh! I was sleeping. I picked up my phone. It was a missed call from an unknown number. I rubbed my eyes, checked for the time it was 3.30 am.

"What? Who is calling at this hour?" I thought. A rush of thoughts like if it's an emergency and all filled my mind. My phone rang again. I picked this call up.

"Hello?" I questioned.

"Hey, it's me." Someone spoke.

"Who?" I asked to make sure if it's her only.

She ignored my question and asked,"Were you asleep?"

"Yes. At this hour everyone is." I replied.

"That's why this is the best hour to do a task. Honestly, I thought I would make you do this before dinner. But seeing you surprised after today's incident I doubted if you will be able to manage something similar." She showed her concern.

"You want me to do a task at 3.30 am?" I questioned.

"Yes, girl. Your task right now is to do as I say. No questions just do it. Do You understand?" She commanded

"Umm.. okay." I replied.

"Address me as ma'am." She commanded again.

"Yes, ma'am." I said imagining me as her sub.

"So, slut get up, wear sexy lingerie and heels. Try making it Sexier than me and get to your study room now!" She ordered.

I felt my pussy react amazingly to the word 'slut'. I was never called a slut in so many years but I always imagined someone calling me and treating me like one too.

I got up without wasting a minute. Pulled out a black sexy lingerie. It was too thin and translucent. It had a plunge neck and a party barely covering my pussy. I wore black glossy heels. Thanks to my love for Footwear I bought one matching with every dress. I looked at myself in the mirror and the word 'slut' was all over my head. I felt like a slut I always wanted to be. I walked out of my room. This was a cold night. I felt myself revealed walking in a place I have known from one day like this. I reached study, turned the lights on and called her back.

"Yes, slut. I can see your light on. Now remove your curtains and show me what you are wearing." She ordered.

"Yes, ma'am." I replied a little louder as I was using bluetooth this time.

I removed the curtains and saw her watching from the balcony of her house.

"You dressed up like a slut you are. Tell me that you did this for me."

"Yes, ma'am. I did this to show you." I said.

"Good, now rub yourself over your panties."

"Yes, ma'am." I started rubbing my pussy. I can already feel my panties a little moist. I was liking the fact how near our homes are and I wondered how well she is able to see me.

"Play with your boobs too." She commanded

My other hand went right to my boobs and started rubbing them. I was grabbing them, squeezing them and doing everything I saw happening this morning. It was such a turn on I imagined myself at her place once more.

"Take off your bra, slut."

"Yes, ma'am." I obeyed her. My hand went to unhook my bra. I held it for a second in front and then let it fall down. Then I played a little with my boobs teasing my nipples and making them erect. I loved it.

"You are doing things I have not asked you too. Are you that horny?" She mocked.

"Yes. Ma'am. I am too horny to hold back." I spoke.

"That's why you're a slut. Now bend forward and rub your tits on the cold glass as you were watching me rub mine on the car."

I did as she said. Coldness of the glass was hurting my nipples. God! This is heaven. I wanted this pain badly. My nipples got swollen by now. I was using them as if they were a tool for me to clean the glass.

"Now, let your boobs be pressed on the glass. Let everyone watch those swollen nipples. They must be by now. Make your hand go down to your panties and remove them."

I can tell by hearing her how much she enjoyed me on display for her.

I bend forward and let my boobs stick to the cold glass. My hands went to the waistband of my panties. I pushed it down.

"I did as you said ma'am." I said keenly for the next instruction to come.

"I know I can see you slut. Now rub your pussy and play with it. I love to see you masturbate."

I started following her command. My fingers rubbed my pussy and explored it. They went in and out. I moaned a little.

"Yes girl, show me what a slut you are."

I started doing it fast and enjoying it more. My eyes were closed since I removed my panties. With sudden pleasure I opened them and suddenly I saw someone peeking from the window of another house.

"I think someone is watching me, ma'am." I don't know why I waited for her reply and did not block the view immediately. Also, I wonder why I continued rubbing myself.

"You like being watched. Don't you slut?"

"Yes, Yes I want to be seen. I want to be acknowledged as a slut." I moaned

"Then let the one see. Open up more, give a view to everyone you whore!" She commanded.

"Yes, ma'am." I replied.

My house bell rang.

"Oh shit! Is it the same person? What next?" I was terrified.

"Calm down, maybe it is. Go and open the door. I know you wanted to know what happened to me today. This is your moment. Go get fucked you sexy bitch!" She said and hung up.

I was terrified and in horror my body went numb. 'What will I do? Is this real? Am I dreaming? Is this the same Man from morning? Who saw me at 4?' My mind was confused and afraid.

Bell continued.

'I should hurry before this person wakes everyone around up.' I thought.

I ran down. Picked up my silk robe which hugged my body more than I desired. It was showing my nipples as they were too erect to be hidden without a solid padded bra.

I opened the door and there was a brown man out. He was taller than me and before I was his face he pulled me out.

"Take off this stupid robe and now show me everything this close up. You don't know how horny you made me girl. You need to be punished for what you did." His hands are going to take my robe off.

"I am really sorry. I didn't mean to. Are you gonna fuck me?" I asked.

He laughed, "Fuck you? Yes if you want I will fuck you later. Right now I will teach you how to behave in a society you share with other humans."

"What? How?" I asked him to stop forcing me to be naked.

"Get naked I will tell you." He commanded

"But..."

Before I could speak he pushed my hands back and took off my robe. I was standing outside my house all naked in front of a man I have no idea about.

"Put your boobs on the door and bend forward like you were on the window." He growled.

"What are you going to do?" I asked, following his command.

"I will spank you for being ridiculous. You want to flaunt your sexy ass and tits to strangers na, I will show you how that ends up like."

He grabbed me from my waist with one hand and his other hand rubbed my ass. I was so embarrassed and everything I got was on display for this man to explore, see, touch and do whatever he wants to.

He started spanking me. He was hitting my ass so hard. I was moaning, yelling and some of them brought tears to my eyes.

"You deserve this, you slut." He said and spanked me a few more times.

"Are you embarrassed, yet?" He asked me after spanking me more than 30 times.

"Yes, I am sorry." I almost cried.

"Good, you should be. Let me see if you are not lying." His hands ran down my pussy. "Look how wet you are, you slut. You are enjoying it don't you?" He asked.

I wondered if I was enjoying that at all.

"No, I am really embarrassed." I replied.

"Liar." He started spanking me more. With every spank it was getting harder and louder. I was wishing no one else would see me like that but this time I really was enjoying there was no pain anymore. It felt horny. Being spanked for the first time and like this felt like a bonus. He continued for 10 more spanks.

"I know you don't want me to stop, do You slut?" He asked.

"No, please spank me more." I begged him.

"Look what a whore you are begging to be spanked by a stranger. Now accept it, you were putting on a show to get attention."

"Yes, I am a whore. I did it to get attention." I admit it, this made me horny.

"Do you know what whores do to the Dick they get attention from?" He asked.

"They try to please them," I replied.

"Yes, slut. They do, now kneel down and please mine." He commanded.

"Can we please do it inside? Someone will watch us at this hour." I requested as it was almost dawn.

"No slut, as far as I remember you like attention, let them see what a whore you are and start pleasing me. You will be allowed in only after you please me. So if you fear, do your work fast." He ordered.

"Yes, sir." I don't know why I addressed him sir but I liked that it made me satisfied that I am a slut.

I pulled his cock out from his trousers and started playing with my fingers around him. Although I was in a hurry, I wanted to give him the best blow job of his life. Kneeling in front of him I was playing with his Cock in my hands. I kissed the top of it and grabbed it. My hand started stroking it. After a few strokes, I licked it from top to bottom. While licking his huge Cock I turned my face up to see him getting pleasure. I continued it more passionately and took his Cock in my mouth.

"Yes, Yes take it down, slut." He moaned and his hand grabbed the back of my neck.

I wanted him to push his cock as deep inside my throat as he could. His hand forced me more and more and I loved it. I sucked his Cock, licked it with my tongue while it was inside me. He started pressuring me by moving his ass harder and letting his Dick choke me.

I loved it. I wanted him to treat me worse, treat me like a slut I am. He continued and I was begging him for more. After a while he pulled out.

"Where should I cum slut, Over you or you wanna swallow it?" He asked.

"Pour it all over me, I deserve it on my body. I want you to show me I am a slut." I replied.

"Then, beg me for it." He commanded.

"Please sir, I beg you. Please bathe in your cum and make me seem like a slut I am." I begged.

"Should I let it down all over your face, slut?" He asked.

"Yes sir, Please cum over my face, my boobs and everywhere. I want my body full of your cum."

"Yes slut, take it all over your body." He did as he said.

I was all drenched in his cum, my face, by boobs it was flowing down and I liked it.

"Did you like it slut?" He asked.

"Yes, sir. I love it." I replied.

"Then thank me, you bitch!" He ordered.

"Yes sir, thankyou for giving me what I deserve." I replied.

"Good, now I want you to walk around your yard and show yourself what a slut you are walking naked and all drenched in someone's cum." He commanded.

I stood up and started walking. It was too cold but I was feeling all hot. Juices were pouring down my body. I was feeling humiliated with the thought 'if anybody saw me' and he was enjoying it.

I tried to walk as fast as I could and that made my huge boobs dance for him to see.

"I did it, sir." I said as I reached back to him.

"Yes, now get on your fours and crawl inside your home with all the embarrassment you caused to yourself. Feel like a pet" He said as he opened the door.

I got on my fours because neither I was in condition to argue nor I should as anyone will be out soon and will see me like this if they haven't yet.

"Thankyou for letting me in, sir." I started crawling inside.

He closed the door behind and I stayed like that on my fours feeling embarrassed, humiliated and wishing him to come back and fuck me right here.
