Karen 
by smilineyes ©

Ch. 01

Hi! I’ve been coming to this site for several months now and I finally decided to share my own experiences. First, let me tell you a little about myself and where I was in my life when I first discovered my exhibitionist tendencies. 

My name is Karen. I’m 36 years old, 5'2" tall with blonde hair and green eyes. I swim laps to stay in shape and I’ve been told I have a nice figure. I was raised in the South in a very conservative family. I am the youngest of four children (one brother and two sisters). My parents never discussed anything of a sexual nature with us past the “talk” my mother had with each of us girls when our first period came. I grew up thinking that sex was something dirty and that something must be wrong with me since I always seemed to be craving it. 

I experimented some with the boys I dated but I was always afraid to go too far even though I REALLY wanted to. I always ended up lying in my bed at the end of the evening rubbing myself for all I was worth and always after my orgasm (during which I often had to bite my tongue to keep from moaning loudly enough to let the whole house know what I was up to) I felt this crushing guilt that I was dirty somehow. 

I graduated from high school and went to an all girls school in the Northeast. (More on that in another story.) Suffice it for now to say that this was an extremely liberating experience. I met my husband while in college and we married soon after we both graduated. He was the first man I had ever slept with and I had this naive illusion that the feelings of passion that I was now free to experience would last forever. We each got decent jobs and began working our individual ways up the corporate ladder. 

After a couple of years we seemed to never have time for one another and sex was almost a thing of the past. This really bothered me because as we got older I seemed to want it more and he wanted it less. I heard other girls at the office talking about how their husbands were always “bothering” them for sex. I would have given anything to have been “bothered” like that. I began to think that I was undesirable. 

About this time I got a promotion at work and began to travel at least twice a month. My second business trip was to the Midwest and it was on this trip that I first found out how much a stranger seeing me naked (or even the chance that one would) turned me on. Here’s how it happened.

I had been in town two days and in meetings until late in the evening. There were still two days of work ahead and I was tired and hungry as I headed back to my hotel. The hotel restaurant looked too crowded so I decided to go to the room, order room service and take a long bath. 

I phoned in my order and settled into the oversized tub to relax. While lying there I began to get turned on. I guessed that I had plenty of time before dinner arrived so I decided to take care of myself before I ate then go to bed. 

As I said earlier, my sex life hadn’t been great the last few years but even so I always felt guilty whenever I masturbated. I guess it was just a throwback to my childhood. Anyway, I was in the tub, had bathed, drained the water and had set the faucet to a warm stream just hard enough to drive me wild when I slid my clit under it. This I did and was immediately rewarded with that incredible feeling that only running water can give. I threw my head back and let the feeling take me. I quickly had a crushing orgasm and decided to stay there for a second one. 

The feeling of the water kept me on the edge of cumming again for what seemed an eternity. I was lost to everything else, including apparently the knocking on my door announcing the arrival of my dinner. I suddenly realized what was going on and I also realized that I had probably been making enough noise that whoever was there could have heard me. This really embarrassed me (that childhood guilt thing again) so I jumped from the tub to answer the door. 

I hurriedly wrapped a towel around myself and answered the door in a bit of a fluster. There was a boy that couldn’t have been over 20 waiting with my tray. I opened the door and he brought it inside and set it on my table where he stood as I went to get him a tip. Without thinking I bent over and began to dig in the disorganized mess that I call a purse. I glanced up and happened to see in the mirror that he was staring at my backside the bottom of which was completely exposed as I bent to look for my money. 

This REALLY embarrassed me and I quickly straightened and turned to confront him. As I did, my towel came loose and fell to the floor revealing me in my entirety! Two things struck me immediately. One was the look of surprise on his face and the second was the huge, and I mean HUGE, bulge in his pants. He immediately stammered an apology and fled my room even before I could move to gather my towel up. The next thing I noticed was that instead of guilt I felt incredibly excited. I was dripping and it wasn’t from the water. I immediately realized that it was showing my body to this stranger and his obvious approval of the way I looked that had me this hot. 

I lay on the bed right then and began to rub my clit and within a minute had the most powerful orgasm of my life. Something else happened then as well. I noticed I didn’t feel guilty as I had after masturbating my entire life. It was like my showing my body had liberated me from my guilt. I lay on my bed and fell immediately into a deep sleep worn out from the orgasms.

I awoke about 4:30 the next morning. I still didn’t feel guilty the previous nights behavior. As I thought about what had happened I again became aroused. I wanted that same feeling of release I had experienced the night before. I decided that it probably wouldn’t be necessary for someone to actually see me naked as long as there was the chance that someone would. I went to my window and looked outside. There was a balcony outside my window which was four stories above the street below. On the balcony was a table and two chairs. Traffic on the street was light but it was beginning to pick up for the morning. Several people were exiting the hotel with their bags probably on the way to the airport. 

I opened the glass door and stepped outside. I was still naked from the night before. Being naked outside made me instantly wet. I sat on one of the chairs and again within minutes had rubbed myself into an incredible orgasm. 

I stood to go inside and as I did I noticed a man looking directly at me from the window of the building across the street. I didn’t know how long he had been watching me. Feeling daring I gave him a smile and a wave and casually turned and walked back inside. 

I stayed naked with the drapes open all that morning until I had to dress to go to my meetings. I had found myself. I was an exhibitionist. The next evening was even better! 


Karen Ch. 02

Let me begin by saying that if you haven't read chapter one you really should. It will explain how I got to where this story begins. That being said, on we go.

I spent the day in meetings but was unable to get my mind off the events of either the previous night or that morning before I had left the room. I wasn't feeling guilty. On the contrary I couldn't wait to be free to experiment more with this newfound freedom I had discovered. I briefly considered trying to expose something to some of the others in the meeting but quickly ruled that out as being a path to corporate suicide. I was horny not crazy. Finally around 4:00 I feigned a migraine and escaped. 

I felt the excitement build as I drove my rental car closer to my hotel. I parked and entered the lobby. As I passed the restaurant I saw the boy that had brought my dinner the previous night. We made eye contact, he blushed, I smiled and winked before continuing on to the elevators. 

I went to my room and resisted the temptation to immediately make myself cum. Instead I opened the drapes and stepped out onto the balcony. I looked across the street to where my admirer from earlier this morning had been but saw no one. 

I shrugged off the mild disappointment and walked back inside being sure to leave the drapes open. I stood in front of the mirror and slowly undressed not knowing if someone was watching from across the street but hoping that they were. I was feeling very horny but I was wanting more than just what my fingers or the water faucet could provide. I was not, however, ready to go looking for some one night stand. I decided to see if I could locate an adult novelty shop. 

Checking the telephone directory I located three. I then found a map in the front of the book that would at least get me in the general area of each of them. 

I decided to take another bath and resisted again the temptation to allow the water to give me release. I also trimmed my pubic hair very close so that although I was not shaved, there wasn't much left to obscure the view. I next considered how I wanted to dress for my latest adventure. 

I didn't have any definite plans on what exactly I was going to do while I was out but I wanted to be ready should the opportunity to flash someone present itself. I selected a thin white rayon blouse and a black skirt that although it hung to my ankles buttoned completely up the front allowing me to determine how much leg, or anything else, I wanted to show. I decided against wearing anything underneath either garment. The blouse felt good against my nipples which, between the material and the excitement of what I was doing, were proudly at attention. A pair of low heels completed my evenings attire. I fixed my hair and makeup, took a deep breath and headed out the door.

I stopped as I entered the lobby. I stood for several minutes observing the restaurant. When I had seen what I wanted to see I entered and sat at a table in the corner facing the wall with my back to the rest of the room. I picked the spot for two reasons. First, people looking at me could only see my back and second because I knew from my observations that this table belonged to my young friend from the night before. He began speaking as he approached my table asking how I was. 

When he reached the point where he could see it was me he choked and almost dropped the glass of water he was carrying. I smiled, told him I was doing very well and asked how his night had been. Seeing that I was not angry he smiled back, blushed and said that it had been alright but that last night had been much better. I replied that the night was still young and there was always a chance his night would improve. 

He left my table to allow me to look at the menu. When he returned I had unbuttoned one button on my blouse to allow him somewhat of a view. He couldn't see as much as he would have liked but it was a start and it promised more. Each time he returned to my table I loosened another button. By the end of the meal my totally unbuttoned blouse was only being held together by the fact that it was tucked into my skirt and my nipples were clearly visible to anyone that would have happened to have sat next to me. 


I finished my meal and asked him for the check. The huge erection I had noticed the night before was back. This kid was hung like a horse! He stood toward the front of my table as I prepared to leave buttoning half my buttons but still leaving a generous amount of cleavage visible. He was disappointed that the show was over but I had one surprise remaining. I had unbuttoned my skirt well over half way and as I spread my legs to stand up out of the chair I flashed him a birds eye view of my closely trimmed pussy. 

We had talked some as he served me dinner. I had learned that his name was Steve and that he was 19 years old. I smiled at him and as I turned to leave, gave that massive package of his a gentle squeeze, said "Steve you're going to make a lot of girls happy with this thing." I then gave him a wink as I walked out the door.

I was dripping as I got into my rental car for my trip to the novelty shop. My show for Steve had really turned me on. I had to resist the urge to get myself off right there in the parking deck. I started the engine and left the parking deck. I proceeded toward the closest of the novelty shops on my list. On the way I again unbuttoned all the buttons but one on my blouse. This allowed the breeze from the open window to blow it open as I drove exposing my breasts to anyone driving next to me. 

Several guys blew their horns and tried to make eye contact with me but I ignored them pretending to be in my own little world. One even followed me for several blocks honking and flashing his lights but when I didn't pull over he eventually turned off. I was steadily getting in a seedier part of town. I located the adult bookstore but decided against this one as there were several scary looking men loitering around the entrance. 

I drove on to my second destination which ended up being across the street from a shopping mall. The entrance and parking lot was well lit and it seemed that the clientele was a bit more upscale than the last place. I missed the entrance to the lot on my first pass and as I was looking for a place to turn around I spotted a lone man sitting at a bus stop just up the street. 

I decided to have a little fun. Making sure my blouse was open and that my skirt was unbuttoned sufficiently far I pulled over to the curb and rolled down the passenger window as if to ask directions. He approached and his eyes got very wide. I told him I was lost and asked for directions to a fictitious address. He never took his eyes from my pussy but managed to stammer that he had never heard of the street. I thanked him and pulled from the curb back into traffic.

I circled the mall but didn't find anyone else I wanted to flash so I pulled into the lot at the adult bookstore. I buttoned by blouse half way up again but left my skirt unbuttoned to just below my pussy. If I leaned over I knew that my breasts would be on display and if I squatted my pussy would be visible to anyone standing across from me. 

I entered and was pleasantly surprised to learn that my observations from outside the store had been accurate. The store was clean and the several patrons, both male and female, all appeared respectable. There were two female salespeople talking behind the counter. The store had nothing but adult books, videos and DVD's on the main floor but at the rear was a staircase that lead to a balcony. The balcony completely circled the sales floor and was stocked with every type of sex toy imaginable. 

I went upstairs and began to browse. As I was looking at an assortment of vibrators I noticed that one of the men on the floor below kept stealing glances at the part of my leg that was visible due to my unbuttoned skirt. I pretended to be distracted and as I continued to read the back of the box I moved toward the balcony rail and stood with my legs slightly spread. I knew from his position that he had a clear view of my pussy. I stood there for another minute then turned and put the box back on the shelf. I continued teasing him several minutes by picking up other boxes and repeating my routine until it got old. I then went back to my quest for sex toys. 

I continued to shop for several minutes when I heard a female voice ask "May I help you?" I turned and saw one of the sales girls I had noticed when I entered. She was about 5'4" and athletic, had dark brown hair and blue eyes, looked to be in her early 20's and was dressed in a white Harley Davidson t-shirt and khaki shorts. Her name tag said her name was Vicki. 

I told her it felt strange to ask for help selecting a sex toy. She laughed and said that a lot of people were uncomfortable while they were shopping and that she would be glad to leave me alone if I wanted her to but that I should feel free to ask her any questions. She added with a gleam in her eye that she had experience with many of the items on display. Vicki also said that if I wanted to tell her what I liked or what I was looking for she could probably steer me in the right direction. 

I replied that I really didn't know what I was looking for and that I didn't have enough experience with toys to know what I liked. Vicki said, "Take me for example, I like to be really filled up while my clit is vibed. To do that I use this small but really powerful bullet vibe and this." Vicki then walked several feet away and selected a jelly dong that was over 10" long and had to be 2 ½ inches thick with balls and a suction cup at the base. 

I replied, "Your kidding, you can take that? It looks like it would split you in two!" Vicki said, "Oh yeah, I stick the suction cup onto the hardwood floor in my apartment and once I work myself down onto it I use the bullet on my clit. I love the feeling of being so full and having my clit stimulated all at once!" 

I looked at the huge jelly dong and immediately thought of Steve, the waiter from the hotel restaurant. I looked back at Vicki and said "Sold, I'll take the set." Vicki also recommended some lubricant and made me promise to come back and tell her how I liked it when I got the chance. 

I was about to leave when Vicki said, " I saw you flashing for that guy earlier and I was wondering if you'd show me what you did him?" I considered it only a second then I said, "I'll go one better." I unbuttoned my blouse all the way and pulled either side of my skirt apart exposing my full front to her. I then turned, let go of my skirt and walked out the door with my breasts bared for all to see. Her final comment as I left was "If it doesn't do everything you need come back and I'll take care of you." The grin on her face and the twinkle in her eye made me know she wasn't talking about a refund. 

I returned to my car and drove back to my hotel with my breasts totally exposed however it was getting late and there were few people on the road to appreciate the view. Not that it mattered, just the idea that someone could see me made me really hot.

I returned to my hotel. No one was visible in the parking deck so I left my shirt open as I got out of my car and walked inside. Again, no one was in the lobby so I walked quickly through my breasts swaying in the free air as I went. I entered the elevator and removed my skirt leaving me wearing only my unbuttoned blouse and low heels. I held my breath as the elevator opened on my floor. Somewhat disappointed because no one was there I walked slowly down the hall to my room, took my time removing my key and finally, when it was apparent no one was coming, entered the room. 

I immediately opened the toys, took off my shirt and sat on the bed. My pussy was soaking but Vicki had warned me about trying to use the big dildo without lubricant no matter how wet I was. I took my time spreading lubricant over the entire length of the shaft. I kept imagining it was Steve's big dick that I was playing with. 

I lay back and with some effort eased the head inside me. It was large and stretched me as it entered. I slowly worked it in and out until I had about half of it inside me. My drapes were still open allowing anyone in the building across the street a full view of what I was doing. This got me even hotter and wetter. I continued to fuck myself with the big dildo taking more of it with each thrust. 

Finally when I didn't think I could get any more of it inside me I felt the balls against my ass. I picked up the vibe and cut it on low. I touched it to my clit and immediately was on the edge of an orgasm. I let it hold me there for several minutes slowly stroking the big dildo out until I could feel the edge of the head about to come out, then all the way back in again. 

Not being able to stand it any longer I cut the vibe on full power and placed it against my clit just as I pushed the big dildo all the way inside of me. My orgasm was immediate and explosive! I came for what seemed like five minutes. As my climax subsided I cut off the vibe and let it fall and relaxed allowing the dildo to slowly slide from my drenched pussy. 

I drifted off to sleep on top of the covers naked for all the world to see. The next day I would have to return home, but I would return a different woman from when I left. My adventures had only begun... 


Karen Ch. 03

Once again I was preparing for another business trip. This time, however, I was extremely excited by the prospect of being alone and away from home for a few days. Ever since I had returned from my previous trip I had been dying to experience again the thrill of showing my body to other people. I was, however, still reluctant to do things in the city where I lived. This was still very new to me and I was afraid of being caught by someone who knew me. This business trip would be my first chance to continue my adventures.

I took much more time preparing for this trip than the last one I had taken. I carefully considered my wardrobe and made sure to pack things that were sexy and that could be opened or discarded easily. I also was sure to pack my new friends from my previous trip, my dildo and vibrator, both of which had been getting a regular work-out since I had made their acquaintance.

My destination this trip was only a little less than four hours away by car. I decided to drive thinking that it would offer many more chances for me to test the limits of how daring I was willing to be.

I worked until mid afternoon then left for home. I showered, gave myself a quick trim so everything down there would be nice and neat, and dressed in tennis shoes, socks, a wrap around khaki skirt that stopped mid thigh and a floral print blouse. I threw my suitcase into the hatch of my husbands Ford Expedition (he insisted I drive the tank instead of my Honda) and headed out.

It was a beautiful late Spring day so I rolled my window down and as I pulled onto the interstate I unbuttoned the top three buttons of my blouse. The wind would cause the blouse to blow away from my body giving anyone in the lane next to me a good view of my right breast. 

The first to notice was a pickup truck with three 18-year-old boys who stayed in the lane next to me until the Interstate split. I pretended not to notice them until our two lanes began to separate. As I headed West and they proceeding North I looked over at them for the first time, smiled and pulled my blouse open giving them a full view of both my breasts. They began blowing the horn and cheering and as our vehicles moved away from one another I gave them a wave.

I rearranged myself to be somewhat covered and continued down the Interstate as before. I put my finger between my legs and sure enough just this little bit of flashing had me dripping. As I drove further from home I began to feel more daring. 

The sun was beginning to set as I pulled into a rest area. I was still quite aroused from the flashing I had done earlier and decided to do something about it then rather than wait until I reached my destination. I first parked near the building and went to the restroom. I next got a soda from the machine and surveyed the grounds. There were too many people coming and going from the building and main parking lot for me to do what I had in mind there. I next noticed the parking area for semi's. It was further away and there were only two trucks parked there.

I moved the Expedition to a spot between the two trucks. I couldn't tell if anyone was inside either of them due to their height but it really didn't matter. As I've said before, it's not as important that I'm seen as it is that there is a chance I could be seen. I then fully reclined the seat and removed both my blouse and skirt. Here I was, in the parking lot of a rest area between two semi trucks, naked with the setting sun still providing enough light that if anyone either approached the vehicle or was looking down from one of the trucks they would have a perfect view of what I was doing. 

I reached into the small bag that I had placed into the front seat and brought out the bullet vibe I had purchased on my last trip. I was already dripping as I touched it to my clit making slow small circles. I had to stop myself from cumming several times because I didn't want my show to end too soon. Finally, the need for release was too great and, just as the last of the light was going, I allowed myself to cum. I lay back for a moment to catch my breath and then the truck to my left gave two short toot's on it's horn. This was followed immediately by the truck on my right. I had an audience after all! 

This really turned me on so I decided to give them a bit more. I turned on the dome light since the sun had now gone down. I then retrieved my 10" jelly dildo from the bag. Knowing that I now had an audience I began to slowly work it inside of me. Once I had it buried about half way into my pussy I again began to work my clit with the vibe. I continued to fuck myself with the dildo eventually getting about 8 of the 10 inches inside then slowly pulling it out until just the head was inside me. The closer I was to orgasm the faster I began to pump the dildo. I came causing every muscle in my body to contract! As soon as it was obvious that I was cumming both truckers let out long blasts on their horns.

I lay back for just a minute to collect myself and pulled the dildo from my dripping pussy. It looked so good glistening in the dome light that I brought it to my lips and licked it from balls to tip. This brought more horn blowing from the truckers. I began to get concerned that all this noise would attract the attention of someone who would think there was a problem and call the police. I cut off the dome light and reset my seat to the upright position then gave both my admirers a wave and drove off into the night still stark naked.

I must have been the topic of the evening on the CB that night because the first truck I passed began to blow his horn. I decided to have a bit more fun so each time I passed a truck that blew I would cut on my dome light allowing them to see that I was still naked. I continued this game until I began to get close to my destination. I took the next exit and located a gas station that had detached restrooms. I pulled the Expedition up close to the ladies room using the body of the truck to shield me from the rest of the parking lot. I then hopped out still naked and ran inside to dress. 

The rest of the drive was uneventful even though I was still very aroused from all the flashing I had done. I arrived at my hotel and checked in. Much to my disappointment, there was no balcony and no building across the street which would have allowed me to put myself on display. Oh well, I would just have to get creative.

Looking at the hotel literature, I discovered that the hotel pool was on the top floor. I decided to go for a dip. The day had been sunny and unusually warm for late spring and the heat rising from the city streets made the open air at the top of the building feel balmy. I had worn my two piece suit and had covered up with one of the thick robes the hotel offered as complimentary to its guests. I entered the pool and swam laps for a while to relax my muscles which were tense from all the driving. After swimming laps I decided to soak for a while in the hot tub. Since no one had as yet come onto the roof but me I decided to remove my suit while soaking. This I did leaving it on a chair with my robe about 20 feet from the hot tub. 

I had been in the tub about ten minutes resting with my eyes closed when I was startled by a female voice asking "May we join you?" I opened my eyes to find a man and woman standing beside the hot tub. I stammered an apology that I hadn't expected anyone else to be at the pool this late. The woman waved away my apology and asked again if she and her husband could join me. I was a bit stunned but agreed and they immediately entered the tub. 

The woman introduced herself as Anita and her husband was Steve. She stood about 5'1", had dark brown hair, brown eyes and an attractive body. Steve was around 6' with lighter brown hair and a mustache and while he wasn't a body builder he was fit. Both were in their 40's. Anita noticed that I was nervous but assured me it was ok. She said that both her and her husband were comfortable with nudity and that they had been to several nude resorts. She then looked at me and asked if I minded if she removed her suit as well. I was really becoming aroused by the way things were playing out so I told her it was fine with me if they both took off their suits. Both did.

Anita had a lovely body but the most striking thing to me was that she was completely shaved allowing an unobstructed view of her pussy. Steve was fairly well endowed but as he wasn't fully erect I couldn't tell exactly how large he was. We sat in the tub and got to know each other a bit. I learned that they had been in town celebrating their 20th wedding anniversary and were due to fly back to their home the next morning. 

Anita said they had decided to come to the pool thinking it would be deserted and that they had been planning to be a bit daring and have sex in the open. When I apologized and offered to leave them alone she waved me off and said that she liked the way things were for now and asked that I please stay a while longer. I agreed and we continued to chat like old friends. I found myself telling her about the experiences that had led to me being in the hot tub naked. She giggled at parts of my story, her mouth flew open at some places and overall she approved saying that she wished she had the nerve to do what I had done in front of the truckers. 

I noticed that as I had told my story Anita had reached over and had been stroking Steve's cock which had grown now to a very respectable length and girth. Anita then told me how once at a resort in the Carribean she and Steve had sex in front of a group of total strangers during an adult game at a bar. As she spoke she stood and moved in front of Steve and sat back in his lap. She then wiggled around until I knew that she had taken him inside of her. I again asked if they wanted to be alone but Anita again asked me to stay. She said that if I didn't mind she wanted an audience for this. I was really aroused by what was going on in front of me and was glad when she wanted me to stay.

Anita began talking about how good Steve's cock felt in her pussy and how good I looked sitting across from her. I decided to play along and I stood up then sat on the edge of the tub with my legs spread. Anita really liked this and she began to move faster on Steve's cock. I reached down and began to make small slow circles over my clit as Anita continued to fuck Steve. She then leaned back against him grinding her ass into him and allowing him to massage her beautiful breasts. 

I slid my fingers lower and slipped two of them into my wet pussy. Anita was saying things like "Yeah baby, let me see you fuck yourself!" and "I bet you taste so good!" When she said this I took my fingers out of my pussy and put them in her mouth. She began sucking them clean and reached out with her hand to slip a finger inside me. This was the first time in years I had been intimate with another woman and I had forgotten how exciting it was. She pulled me closer and we kissed, our tongues exploring each other, her fingers exploring my pussy and all the time grinding her pussy against Steve's hard cock.

I felt my self starting to cum and began to moan. My orgasm triggered Steve's who by the length of the time he came must have filled Anita with cum. Anita moved off Steve but was still unsatisfied. I lead her to the edge of the tub, sat her down and slid two fingers inside her while rubbing her clit with my other hand. I could feel Steve's hot thick cum and her thinner, slicker juices mixing inside her. She was asking for more so I slid a third then eventually a fourth finger inside of her. I couldn't resist any longer so I bent over and put my mouth on her clit flicking my tongue over it. She began to cum immediately!

When she began to cum I felt Steve move up behind me. He placed his hands on my hips and I felt the head of his cock against my opening. I pushed back against him and felt his large cock enter me. I continued to push and took his entire length in one go. This was incredible. I was still sucking on Anita's clit with my fingers buried inside her and I had her husband's cock buried inside me! Soon Anita's orgasm subsided and I grasped the sides of the tub. I was looking up at Anita from between her legs watching her as she watched her husband fuck me from behind. We kept at it for a good ten minutes of solid fucking until he pulled out and exploded across my back. It felt like a quart of hot cum covered me.

We all fell apart and collapsed back into the hot tub totally spent. Eventually I got out, kissed them both farewell, collected my suit and wrapped in my robe returned to my room as thoroughly satisfied as I had ever been in my life. What a start to a business trip!