Heather and Robert
by TigerKitten28

Part 5
-----------------------------------
--- The College Years, Denny ---
-----------------------------------
We were lucky to be accepted to the same college. It also was nice that it was a six hour drive from our parents. We finally got to explore our relationship without having to hide it from classmates and family. We became girlfriend and boyfriend, but not in the traditional sense. We went one step further labeling our relationship non-exclusive boyfriend/girlfriend. It also allowed us to experiment with Recreational Misogyny even more.

Freshman year we were in the same co-ed dorm. Boys were on the upper floors and girls on the lower floors. It made it easy to have sleepovers. My roommate was a wet blanket and didn't want you in our room. Your roommate, Denny, was very open to it. He was glad to have a girl in the room while you two played Call of Duty. At first I was just typical girlfriend, just hanging out or maybe making you two nachos in the microwave. We needed to make sure Denny was going to be receptive to being included in our experimenting.

It started with me wearing thin nightgowns when I'd stay in your room. At first he'd alway look away to give me privacy. He would put noise canceling headphones on when we turned the lights out so he wasn't actively listing to us have slow under-the-covers sex in the next bed. As he began to realize that neither you nor I cared about privacy he got comfortable acknowledging his tertiary role in our relationship.

I went from wearing nightgowns to just a tank top and panties to bed if I slept over. Denny started making comments like "those green panties are cute. I think I like them better than the grey ones from last week." When you and I weren't offended and instead turned it into a ten minute discussion on everyone's favorite panties that I own, he felt included and appreciated. Denny didn't have a girlfriend and had never had a girlfriend. He liked having a girlfriend by proxy, in me.

We didn't know it, but he started listening to us have sex in the dark next to him as well. One morning when Denny said with a fist bump "dang Robert, you got Heather off twice last night. Good man". I corrected him saying "three times actually" and got my own fist bump. I'm pretty sure that's the moment we knew Denny was our kind of people.

In addition to waltzing around in my undies you suggested I start peeing with the bathroom door open. You couldn't see anything but my feet from where you two played video games, but it helped expand our intimacy with Denny. Finally things came to a head when Denny was telling us about a cute girl in his math class that he was too afraid to approach because of his inexperience with girls. Just like you and I had discussed, you told Denny he should let me blow him or something to get some experience.

Then you went for a walk. Denny asked if you'd been serious. He and I talked and he finally accepted my offer of a handjob since he didn't feel ready for a blowjob. Danny's was my first uncircumcised penis. I had fun playing with it. He even lasted several minutes. I was pretty excited about the prospect of having two dicks to keep happy as a fun Recreational Misogyny project.

Denny still hadn't seen me without at least undies on. One day when you didn't have an early morning class and my professor sent an email canceling mine, you had a perfectly wonderful idea. As soon as Denny left for his early morning classes I came to your room. We had sex as we plotted together until you came inside me. Then you pulled me over your lap for a bottom-reddening spanking. Only then did you tie my arms behind my back and then tied my waist to the radiator leaving me naked and unable to go anywhere. You texted Denny that I had been naughty and you'd put me in time out in your room and that if he could stop by the room before his afternoon classes to check on me that you'd appreciate it.

Denny agreed, not exactly knowing what he was getting into. I had fun being tied there for 90 minutes hearing the hustle and bustle out in the hall. Finally Denny came back. He was shocked that I was completely naked. He said "are you ok Heather?" I said "of course. Robert and I were just playing. Sometimes he gives me punishments. Today it was a spanking and a time out". He looked me up and down then he said "but.....you're....naked". I blushed and said "I know. He's allowed to take my clothes away if he wants to. If you don't want involved you don't have to be. Robert will be back soon." Denny said "I.....I'd like to be.......involved".

He was in. I said "what did Robert tell you to do?" Denny said "just to check on you". I said "well then you shouldn't untie me. Or at least not my hands. I was a bad girl and I'm being punished after all". He nodded, still trying to get his brain to comprehend I was in his dorm room naked. I loved not being able to cover myself even though that was still my natural instinct. I said "but I do have to pee. Would you untie my waist?" He nodded and came over and untied me. He said "ok. You are free". I said "Denny, my hands are tied. I need your help to use the potty". He stumbled as he tried to say "ok".

We went into the small bathroom together. I said "help me sit?" He grabbed my shoulders and helped me get into the toilet. You and I already had worked out that this was the plan. I opened my legs and began to tinkle. A new boy was seeing me relieve myself. It was so embarrassing but exactly what turned me on. Denny was clearly turned on too. I finished and said "would you please....you know....wipe me...front to back please". I opened my legs more. Dennys was frozen. Then he nodded and got some toilet paper. He wiped my pussy. I could feel his hand shaking. Then he helped me up and flushed for me before re-securing me to the radiator.

