Halloween idea

Hello, I am back to tell you about my little outing.  Before I do I will answer a
question about
the women I have seen riding bicycles in skirts.  From what I could see they were
all wearing
either knickers or pantyhose.  I suppose going commando would be a bit too obvious
and
risky.  Anyway my little plan worked out great! I dressed up that morning in my
little
schoolgirl out fit which included a tight fitted white shirt with a push-up bra
underneath
and a couple of buttons undone for effect.  Next I put on a pair of novelty
knickers, white
with red hearts, so if my skirt did happen to flip up the people that saw would
get a good
laugh.  I then put on my 10 inch red and black plaid pleated micro-mini skirt that
just
covered my butt.  I pulled on a pair of white stay up stockings and slipped into
my black 3
inch pumps.   My brown hair was in pig tails of course and I had a backpack.  It was
a warm
day for this time of the year and no rain which was good.  I climbed onto my bike
, a
mountain bike so I can sit up straight, and headed to work.  There was a bit of
wind and
more so on the bike as I could feel my skirt flipping up and the cool air on my
butt.  It is
about a fifteen minute ride to my work and all along the way I heard
whistles, cat calls and
car horns.  At a stop light one more daring guy even lifted my skirt and gave my
butt a slap!
At the salon the other girls just raved about my costume and my clients liked it
too.   I even
put on a bit of a show for my regulars by "accidently" dropping my scissors or
comb and
bending over in front of them to pick it up.   Boy my tips were good that day! My
ride home
became a bit tricky when it started to rain and my white shirt became
drenched.   By the
time I got back to my appartment you could plainly see half of my boobs thru the

material.   My boyfriend was home and saw me like this,  I'll let you use your
imagination as
to what happened next.   Later that evening we went to a Halloween party and of
course he
insisted I wear that out fit again , thankfully by now it was dry again.   We sure
go thru alot of
trouble to please men don't we?, But it's worth it (giggle) bye for now.  .  D





i rode a bike bottomless one time.   hubby (pre marriage) and i were
trail riding one day and we were the only ones out there.   he
accidentally got a wheel off the trail and caught it in a rut.   while
he stopped to get back out i rode ahead fast,  laughing.   when i got
out of sight i stopped and pulled my shorts off and climbed back on
the bike.   he came roaring up the trail to catch up and saw my bare
ass and me riding ahead.   he laughed because he knows i love to do
daring stuff like that especially in public places.   i told him "you
know i can't keep my pants on with something fun between my legs!"
we rode like that for about 10 minutes before i stopped and put my
shorts on again.   we had some great sex in a field nearby before we
went back to the car.  

emily

