Solaris was in her late twenties. She had 1 child, and had an interesting life. She was a college student who loved to learn.

Campus life was good, and the work was fairly easy when she studied hard. It was her goal to become a nurse. She loved to take care of people. It was her one true passion in life, that is, besides sex. When it came to sex, she always had a good time, and her lovers always had it better.

Solaris sat in class one day waiting for everyone to gather in and take their seats. The professor hadn't made her way in yet and it was just her and a man.

"Is he new?" Solaris wondered, helplessly staring directly at him without knowing. Before she knew it he was returning his gaze towards her. Not a word. "Oh, shit!" She jumped in her seat. He looked almost identical to Orlando Bloom. "The looks, it's uncanny," she thought to herself.

The man laughed at her playfully. He looked again at her and then introduced himself. "Hi, I'm Corey," his voice sounding beautiful to her but he looked almost godly in his build underneath his fitting clothes. He wore a dark gray shirt and a pair of blue jeans. His hair was brown and medium length. He had hypnotising brown eyes and an amazing smile.

"Oh. Wow," Solaris mumbled trying to speak.

Corey laughed lightly.

"I'm...I'm ," she muttered.

The rest of the class wandered into the room. The professor finally entered. Solaris faced the front of the classroom.


Throughout class, Solaris stole glances at Corey. She imagined his body laying over hers, naked and penetrating her netherlips with his thick erection. Her eyes rolled back in her head at the thought and she accidentally let out a faint moan. It was just loud enough for the professor to hear and she turned to Solaris. Young lady, this class means business, not pleasure. Daydream on your own time. Solaris felt embarrassed, but shrugged it off. She looked towards Corey who gave her a quick wink before returning to his notes. Looking around, she noticed others looking at her too. Her head also returned to her notes.

The clock struck 8:50, and the bell rang. Class was over and all the students got up to either prepare for their next class, or go home. Solaris prepared to go home. As she gathered her papers into her pack, she noticed Corey walk towards her and slipping her a piece of notebook paper before walking away. It had writing on it, and as she looked closer it had a number on it. She quickly placed it in her pocket and walked out of the classroom.


It was now midnight, and Solaris lay sleeping in her bed. She was wrapped up in covers but naked underneath. Inside her head, dreams and fantasies took control. Once again she was pinned gently underneath Corey as his body enveloped her own. He was thrusting into her and each stroke made her juices drip as he plunged her hole. The squishes when she came one after the other was too exciting. Before she could climax another time, she was awaken by a neighbor's car alarm. She removed the covers from her body and rolled out of a puddle of fresh pussy juices.

"Oh my God," she whispered to herself, "that was so fucking good."

As she sat on the side of her bed, allowing the cool night air to dance on her hardened nipples, she remembered Corey's number inside her jeans pocket. She debated, and after 10 solid minutes she gave in and reached for the piece of paper hidden in her pants pocket.

Naked and sweaty from an early night of mental pleasures, she picked up her phone and dialed the seven digit phone number. The phone rang. A second ring.

"Hello?" Corey answered the other end of the line. His voice was already unmistakable, as she had him in her mind since their first encounter in class.

"Um, hi, this is Solaris," she nervously greeted him.

"Uh," his voice sounded confused, as if trying to figure out who he was talking to.

"The girl from class," she laughed.

"Oh hi," he returned a laugh.

"I know, I didn't get to introduce myself properly, ha ha."

"It's okay."

A silence filled the line as Corey waited for her to say why she called, and Solaris looked for something to say as well.

"So, do you want to hang out?" Corey asked her.

"Um, well, I can't leave, I have a kid," she said, hoping that wouldn't scare him away.

"Awesome," he answered, "then I'll come to you," he finished, surprising Solaris.

She gave him directions to her place, and he drove to her home in less than ten minutes. She had enough time to clean herself, and dress in her favorite pajama pants with a fitting white shirt that read "sexy" across the breast area.

There was a knock on the door. She answered it, and standing in the doorway was Corey. He looked even more hot than he did in class. His hair combed back, and he wore a leather jacket over a black t-shirt and had on a pair of jeans. She licked her lips slightly, then caught herself doing it.

"Come in," she said to him, closing the door behind him and sitting on the couch next to him. He slipped off his jacket, and laid it over the arm of the matching chair next to the couch.

"So how are you?" Corey asked her breaking the ice.

Solaris looked at him, and wanted to say something, but just looked at him. As she prepapred to speak, she said, "Oh, fuck it," and leaned in to kiss him. The kiss was passionate, and it also caught Corey off guard. He help up, and returned the kiss, wiggling tongues with her, and boldly grabbing her tits through her shirt. Solaris took it off, and her 36b tits fell perfectly from underneath. The tannish brown nipples, medium and round, were a sensual sight. Corey leaned down and sucked gently on one, then the other. She helped him remove his shirt. Underneath, his arms had tribal markings that were branded on his skin. His chest had a small black heart across the spot where his real heart lies underneath.

Corey lay her back against the pillows and slowly pulled down her pajama bottoms. He kissed down her stomach, and inched his way down to her soft, pink center. Letting his mouth and tongue do the work, she moaned for more. He licked up and down, flicking his tongue rapidly to stimulate her clit.

"Oh, yeah," she cooed. "Keep licking," she said to him, still moaning.

He sucked softly on each of her clean shaven pinkish netherlips. As he continued, he slid one of his fingers deep into her. She moaned more. He fingered her faster as he licked around her swollen clitoris. Her moans were matched close by the sounds of juices squishing at each penetration.

"Take your cock out for me!" She demanded. Corey stopped what he was doing and slipped off his pants. His cock was average, around six full inches, but the width was thick. He displayed it for her to see. She took it in her mouth, and bobbed back and forth. The taste was clean and fulfilling.

Corey moaned, "Oh, yeah keep sucking," his eyes rolled back, then closed.

With her right hand, Solaris pumped on his cock as she continued to suck him off. She licked the tip and a string of saliva clung from her mouth to his tip. She put him back into her mouth, and sucked his dick harder.

It began to rain outside. Thunder filled the night sky, and lightning glowed outside the windows. It provided a perfect setting for sex. Solaris became hot, and she lay back again against the pillows.

Corey looked down at her, and saw her full naked body for the first time. He noticed that she had a perfect hourglass figure, perfect little tits and a hot pink pussy. Her hair brown, and eyes brown too. Her bangs cut in the style of Bettie Page. Her ass juicy and ripe. Not small, or big, just perfect.

Solaris lifted her finger, signaling him to come closer. He grabbed her legs, and pulled her down more so he could rest on top. He rubbed the tip of his dick against her clit, teasing her before gliding into her womanhood.

"Fuck me until I cum!" She begged.

He slid deep into her slowly at first, then pumped faster into her sticky vagina. His skin beat against hers, and she bounced up and down at each quick stroke.

"Oh, oh, oh!" She moaned. "Oh, fuck! Oh God, oh God!" She continued.

His hips rapidly thrust towards her, making her tits jiggle in place. She came, and he continued to please her. He pulled her up close and kissed her sensually on the mouth. They tasted each other. Their tongues licked one another's lips.

"Fuck me from behind," she commanded, moving herself into position in the middle of the couch. He kneeled downwards, grabbed her waist, then pulled on her as he entered her hot, dripping cunt from behind. Her ass bounced as he thrust into her, picking up the pace.

"Fuck me, baby!" She cooed.

He kept going, cupping her tits with each hand. She grabbed the back of the couch, and pressed back to match force. As he slammed into her she slammed into him. His dick slipped out and slid across her clit, sending a shiver of intense touch through her body. He lifted his cock, then slid it back into her ramming her hole hard.

"Cum in my pussy," she cried out.

As soon as she did so, he shook hard, breathing heavy as he came inside her. Squirt after squirt entered her love-hole.

Corey laid back on the opposite end of the couch, breathing heavy and looking over towards Solaris.

Her eyes were closed, and a peaceful smile rest on her face. She now had a glow about her. "Thank you so very much. Mmmm," she said to him returning her smile.

"Anytime. Anytime at all," he answered. "Take tomorrow off," he said to her.

"Why?" She asked in wonder.

"I want to take you somewhere," he said. "Somewhere I know that you will love."

"Okay, deal," she replied. Her smile returned again.


The next morning, the two pulled into the parking lot of a small, but well managed building. The sign outside read: MASSAGE and SPA.

Solaris laughed. "Good idea, I could really go for a back rub." She walked closer to the doors.

As the two walked in, Corey whispered into one of the female staff masseuse's ears. Her tiny frame was covered in a professional uniform, and her blond hair done up tight.

Two staff members, a tall caucasion male and a shorter latina female led the way. They directed them both into a single room towards the back. The door shut behind them, giving them a five minute period of privacy to get undressed and positioned on the massage beds.

As the five minutes passed, the male and female staff members entered the room.

"Hello, my name is Rice," the tall, white man spoke softly to Solaris. "I will be your masseuse today." Solaris looked towards the foot of the bed to respond.

"Hello," she greeted. Looking closely, she noticed that the tall man had short blond hair, blue eyes, and had light facial hair. He wore a thin robe over his body, which seemed a little odd. His chest was fairly built, stocky frame but not exactly muscular. He was attractive in her eyes.

The you latina woman introduced herself to Corey. "Hello, my name is Ana." She stood around 5'5", had long brown hair pulled into a neat pony tail, and brown eyes. Her skin was light brown and she also wore a thin robe.

The two began immediately, rubbing on all the major areas easily without being too hard. The towels lay over both Solaris and Corey's bodies. As the massage became more deep and relaxing, Ana and Rice moved the beds further apart and drew a curtain between the two of them. Solaris wondered what was going on, but Rice assured her from the other side, "don't worry, everything is going to be just fine. Solaris relaxed and decided to let go and see what happens next.

On the other side, Ana removed her robe and dropped it to the floor. She stood naked, and her small tits looked delicious with perfect little brown nipples. Her vagina was bare. Corey lifted the towel away and allowed Ana to climb on top of him and place her petite pussy on his face. He stuck out his tongue and licked deep as she grinded erotically for him. Her right arm rest towards the back and her left hand was placed over his bare chest. Slowly, she rubbed her moist pussy back and forth against his mouth.

Solaris lay back waiting. Rice smiled and removed his thin robe. His erection was an average 6 inches. It poked out straight, and Solaris understood now what was going to happen. She removed her towel and dropped it to the side. Rice stood at the head of her bed, and stepped up onto a small box to give him enough height. Solaris grabbed hold of his cock and licked the shaft. Her tongue moved up and down over his rod, and Rice leaned forward to lick between her legs. He let his wet tongue drag across her pink slit, and rubbed gently at her clit. Solaris kept her mouth full as she took his stiff cock into her mouth completely. They traded licks and sucks, pleasuring each other in sixty-nine.

Ana lifted up and moved downwards, rubbing her pussy against Corey's hard pecker. Slowly, she pushed down easing him inside her and moving up and down. Her little pussy was now full of his fuck stick. She rode him as she she looked into his eyes.

Solaris lay flat, looking up at Rice as he slipped into her oozing cunt. He sucked on her right nipple, then the left. His hips pumped hard as he kissed her lips.

"Oh, oh yeah," Solaris moaned.

Ana moaned next. "You like it, Papi?" She asked Corey.

"I do," he answered, grabbing her hips and letting his meat fill her hole.

Rice moved slowly, swirling his hips and rubbing the walls of Solaris' insides. He wrapped his arms around her back, and lifted her forward to kiss and suckle her tongue as he continued to penetrate her.

"Cum on my tits," Solaris whispered into Rice's ear. He gave a few strokes into her bald twat before pulling out and cumming on her tits. Sticky white semen dripped down and fell on her stomach.

"Mmm, good," she said as she dipped and licked his juices from her finger.

Ana came hard letting it run down his cock and her inner thighs.

"Oh, I'm gonna cum," Corey said.

"Tits, pussy or mouth?" Ana asked, wanting to know his pleasure.

"Mouth," he replied, watching her hop off and take his cock into her mouth as he came in it. The squirts of semen filled her mouth as she showed it to him on her tongue before swallowing it down.

"Oh, God, that was a good massage," he winked at her.

Rice opened the curtain and was already wearing his robe. Ana quickly put hers on as well.

"Please, come again. You two were a real treat for us," Rice said to Solaris and Corey. The two left the room, leaving them to get dressed.

"Did you have a good time?" Corey asked Solaris.

"I had a great time, thank you baby," she replied. They smiled at each other, and got dressed.

"Can we do this tomorrow?" Solaris asked.

"Sure," Corey replied.

The two, now dressed, exited the room and left to enjoy the day together.
