My wife Valeska and I have been married for going on 12 years and I must say they have been 12 of the best years of my life.  Valeska just turned 37 but she has the body of an 18 year old.  She is from South America and has the most perfect brown skin, black hair, and green eyes that a guy can get lost in.  Valeska has perfect breasts.  They aren't large, but not small either.  They are nice and perky with the most appetizing dark brown nipples that when rock hard, are about a quarter inch long.  She is the sexiest woman I've ever seen and I'm so very glad she's my wife.

Now a couple of months ago, Valeska accompanied me on a business trip.  We hadn't been on a vacation in a while and thought we'd take this opportunity to combine business with pleasure.  During one of my business meetings I met a man named Greg that was a customer of the company I work for.  During one of the breaks in the meeting, Greg asked if Valeska and I would be interested in coming to his house that evening for a get-together of a few of him and his wife, Donna's closer friends.  I told him that I thought it sounded good and we'd see them later.

Valeska was excited to hear that we were going to the party, as I had been working pretty hard the previous several months and she and I had not been able to get out that much.  At my request, Valeska wore a sexy little black cocktail dress with her sexiest black lace thong and bra.  She had on a pair of black spike heels that added 4 inches to her already 5'6" height.  Wow.....she looked so hot I had second thoughts about going and almost told her that we should stay at the hotel...but I didn't and I'm glad.

When our taxi dropped us off I was astonished at the size of Greg's house.  It was beautiful.  I knew he did pretty good for himself but I had no idea just how good.  Greg met us at the door and after introductions and me noticing that Greg couldn't take his eyes off of Valeska, we were taken into a small formal sitting room just off of the foyer.  Greg explained to both of us that the friends that were present that evening were some of his closest friends and were very well known in the community which precluded most of them from being able to dine or party in public without putting up with the crowds. Greg then told us that as a matter of tradition, we would have to be blind-folded, at least for a portion of the evening.  Although I thought the request was rather odd, Valeska seemed ok with it, so I gave in.  Another man entered the room and placed blindfolds on both Valeska and me.

I felt someone take my hand and lead me out of the room and down a long hall toward a room full of laughter and music.  I sensed that Valeska was right behind me likewise being lead.  After entering the room, we were both lead to a couch and was allowed to sit down.  At that time, the man untied my blindfold and as it fell from my eyes it became clear that all of the other guests in the room were men.  Greg then approached and apologized, explaining that I, along with the other guests would be able to remain without a blindfold but that Valeska would be required to keep hers on.  Once again, it seemed like an odd request and I was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable, especially in the absence of any other women, when Valeska reached over and touched my hand and told me it was ok.  

There were about twenty five or thirty men scattered about the room,  visiting.  A few minutes later, Greg brought us both some wine and we began socializing and drinking, all the while my lovely wife blindfolded. The drinks started taking effect and at one point Greg's wife Donna finally mad an entrance and approached Valeska, taking her by the hand and leading her out into the middle of the room.  Now Valeska didn't drink often and generally one glass of wine gave her a buzz.  She was now working on her fourth glass and it was obvious from her movements that she was getting pretty intoxicated.  Once in the middle of the floor, Donna put her arms around Valeska and began to dance with her.  There was a slow sexy song playing and both girls began dancing closer and closer together until both of their bodies were pressed tightly against each other and Donna was beginning to gently kiss on my wife's ear and neck. Needless to say, I had mixed emotions.  I found myself both jealous and excited at the same time. I continued to watch nervously as Donna began running her hands up and down Valeska's ass and then on to her breast.  To my surprise, my wife began responding positively to her and finally, allowed Donna to kiss her fully on the lips.  Now my wife has the most beautiful lips in the world.  I guess you would say they were Angelina Jolee style. The two girls began passionately kissing each other, exploring each other's mouths with their tongues.  The scene was really heating up.

It was about this time that I became aware of the other guests, all of whom had stopped their conversations  were now gathered around Valeska and Donna watching on as they continued to make out. At that time, the two men that had helped us previously took Valeska by each arm and began to lead her down a dark hallway while Donna followed.  Once again, I was surprised but encouraged by my wife's obvious cooperation in all of this.  Greg approached me and told me that it was agreed that everyone really liked Valeska.  He went on the briefly explain that this special group of friends had a very unique common theme and that was that they enjoyed sex to somewhat a deeper degree than most. He said that he would feel privileged to have me as a part of there group, but there were certain things that had to be done to assure my loyalty to the group.  Greg asked if I would like to continue with the party and told me if I chose to, I would only be allowed to watch and that at no time could I speak to or have any contact with my wife until given permission.  My stomach was now full of butterflies and I still wasn't sure how to feel but I found myself agreeing and down the hallway we went. 

Greg led me into a large dimly lit bedroom and I noticed the guests gathered around the bed but couldn't make out what they were watching.  As I got closer, I was in total shock.  Valeska was laying in the middle of the bed totally naked on her back and Donna was laying on top of her kissing and rubbing on her.  Now I must tell you, Donna was a very attractive woman herself.  She was the polar opposite of my wife in that she had long flowing blond hair, beautiful blue eyes and relatively large breasts.  As the scene on the bed continued, the guests gathered around began disrobing, and stroking their cocks to hardness.  This was crazing, and the craziest part was my own cock was getting hard as a rock.  I couldn't believe that I was standing there, with about twenty some odd absolute strangers watching my wife having steamy lesbian sex with Greg's gorgeous wife.  

After about five minutes, Donna began sliding down Valeska's body and began gently kissing and sucking her now rock hard nipples.  I could tell my wife was really into it.  I recognized the slight noises she was making as sounds I had heard coming from her lips on previous occassions.  As Donna continued down Valeska's body, kissing and licking, Valeska allowed her legs to fall open, giving Donna full access to her beautiful shaved pussy.  Now Valeska has a beautiful pussy.  It is a slightly darker shade of brown than her skin and when opened up,  the pink inner lips are in stark contrast to her brown skin.  Donna gently kissed Valeska's pussy a couple of times and then dove in.  I've had many fantasies about my wife before, but this was the hottest thing I had ever seen. Donna ate Valeska's pussy while she reached up and kneaded her breasts.  My wife, on the other hand, ran her fingers through Donna's long blond hair, while she continued to eat her like there was no tomorrow.

After about thirty minutes or so, Donna moved back up to Valeska's waiting lips and began kissing her fully again.  I knew from experience that Valeska loved licking her love juice off of my face after I had been down on her.  After kissing and licking Donna's face, Valeska pushed her over and began moving down her body toward her love zone.  Upon arriving between Donna's legs, Valeska hesitated for just a moment and then placed her succulent lips on Donna's pussy. She pushed between the outer lips and I could tell that she was tongue fucking Donna's soaking wet pussy as deep as she could.  

Valeska had her face buried between Donna's legs and her ass was up in the air for all to see.  As a matter of fact, her ass was at the end of the bed and about waist high on all the guys.  Greg asked me if I was ok and I told him I was.  I had a feeling I knew what was about to happen.  Greg edged up behind Valeska and held his huge hard cock up behind her and began rubbing the tip of it up and down her soaking wet slit.  Valeska began to respond by moving her sexy hips back and forth and up and down.  She then began backing down the bed as Greg's cock began to slide up in her.  Greg met her by thrusting it all of the way in and I heard a gasp come out of Valeska's mouth.  Here again, I couldn't believe it.  My wife of 12 years was eating the hostesses pussy while the host was fucking her and she seemed to be enjoyed every minute of it.  After just a few minutes, Greg's back arched and I heard him moan loudly as his hard cock filled my wife's pussy with stream after stream of hot cum.  Valeska, with her blindfold still on, looked up briefly and in the reflection of the low light, I could see that her face and lips were soaking wet with pussy juice and a portion of it had ran down her chin and was about to drip off onto the sheets.

No sooner than Greg finished, there was another taking his place.  One after another began taking turns depositing their hot cum into my wife's wanting pussy.  At one point, Donna moved from in front of Valeska and one of the men took her place.  Valeska, with her ample lips, gave such wonderful head and as her lips parted, taking the stranger's cock into her mouth, my own cock almost came.  I could hear my wife's slurping wet noises as she sucked, longing for the stranger to shoot streams of hot cum into her mouth.  It wasn't long before she got what she wanted.  As with Greg, the stranger moaned as he wrapped his hands around the back of Valeska's head, drawing it closer as he shot a mouth-full of cum into my lovely wife's mouth.  Valeska loved cum,  I could hear her swallowing hungrily and sucking for more.  After she sucked all of the cum out, she released the semi-hard cock from her mouth.  She looked so sexy.  Cum was running out of her mouth as well as down the inside of both thighs.  For the new several hours, cock after cock was plunged into Valeska's pussy and mouth.  Most of the time, she had one in each at the same time.  Several of the guys came back for seconds and at the end of the night, Valeska had approximately thirty to thirty five or so shots of cum deposited into her body.

After each man was completely spent, Greg approached my wife as she laid utterly exhausted on the bed and removed the blindfold.  Although my wife had felt all that was going on, this was the first time she had been able to see.  Prior to the removal of the blindfold, all of the other guests had left the room and only Greg, Valeska, and myself were present.  My wife looked lovely laying on the big bed, naked with her legs apart.  Her poor pussy lips were swollen from all of the fucking and there was a steady stream of cum slowly  running out of it.  There was cum all around her mouth and several loads on her breasts that were deposited there during the action. Greg told me that we were almost a part of their select, private group but one other thing was left to do.  I would need to clean my wife up before returning to the party.  With that, Greg left the room.  I was a little hesitant to complete this last requirement and was reaching for a towel to clean my wife up when I heard her softly say that it would be a real turn on for her if I would clean her with my mouth.  Without further persuasion, I started kissing Valeska's lips and licking the excess cum from her face.  The cum was still warm and had a salty but pleasant taste to it.  I then began working my way down her body and licked the cum from her nipples and from the sides of her breasts where it had ran down.  Occasionally I would suck up a large amount and then kiss her fully on the mouth, sharing the guests love juice with her.  Finally I reached her beautiful pussy.  Before cleaning it out though, I wanted to finish off in her.  I took my already hard cock and gently slid up in her.  It didn't take long as I, like so many before me, shot a huge load of cum into my wife. After pulling out, I bent back down between her legs. As I began licking, Valeska began to spasm, causing huge amount's of cum to run out of her pussy and into my mouth.  I would say that I had to swallow at lest eight or ten times to keep from choking.  After slurping up the last few drops, I kissed my wife passionately and helped her get dressed. 

We went back to the room that we had been in previously and everyone cheered us as we entered.  More drinks were poured and we finished the night dancing and drinking.  That was a very unusual night and it opened up both my wife and myself to a sexual side of us both that neither knew we had.  Needless to say, we're looking forward to the next adventure.  You'll be hearing more about it soon........
