Revenged Pirate
by Revengedpirate 

It was now a year later, the hype from that night had died down, and I found people had almost forgotten about it. Now was my time to act, and take revenge on the bitch who caused me to do my ropey mile. She wasn't even going to see it coming.

Tomorrow was Raquel's birthday, and boy was she never going to forget it. An 18th birthday she was never going to forget. I did 8 laps on a rope over a mile of shame. Raquel will do 8 miles of shame. First up I needed her boyfriend Bradlee on board. Once I told him the plan he readily agreed.

It was now 2 pm on Raquel's birthday, and the fun, as it were, was just about to start.
"I'm sorry Raquel, it was an accident, I swear," I said.
"Kim, I haven't anything else to wear!" Said Raquel.
"Quickly come with me and I'll find you something," I said sympathetically.
"Fine," said Raquel.
She had wanted me to order, a slutty dress for her birthday, but instead, I had ordered a schoolgirl outfit, which was meant for a 12-year-old. I pretended this was a mistake, but the reality, it was on purpose. Today would be my revenge. She had lied, causing me to walk a mile on a rope, naked, and orgasm, whilst pictures and films were taken. Ever since that day, I'd been known as Rorey, a combo of rope whore. Raquel was now dressed in the schoolgirl outfit and waited for Bradlee to pick her up.

At 2:15 pm on a Saturday afternoon, he picked us up and drove us 8 miles out of town. We even passed through a couple of others before ending up in the middle of the woods. Bradlee parked up, and this would be the start of my revenge. We got out of the car and we grabbed Raquel.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Yelled Raquel.
"Revenge Bitch!" I yelled.
We handcuffed her hands behind her back, before blindfolding her. I had bought a proper blindfold which was strapped around the head. I shoved a pink dummy in her mouth, and put a baby's bonnet on her head, along with a bib. The dummy was strapped around her head also so she couldn't remove it without her hands. Bradlee walked away to the opposite side of the car, as I removed Raquel's Skirt and knickers, and put her into two really thick nappies. The nappies spread her legs in such a way, that she could only waddle.
I then placed on her, a pair of Disney princess plastic panties, which were locked in place with a padlock. Then I removed her Dummy and placed a baby's bottle in her mouth. Raquel squirmed and tried not to drink it.
"Drink it or you'll be walking naked," I said.
Raquel drank from the bottle as Bradlee filmed it. She already looked like a toddler. We controlled our laughter. Once the bottle was empty, I removed it and replaced her dummy. I then replaced her skirt so it covered her nappies again. I took her plastic panty key and placed it on a red ribbon around her neck. I then placed the handcuff key, into her bra.

"Raquel you are now ready," I said removing her dummy.
"Ready for what?" Raquel asked.
"Your lie, humiliated me, embarrassed me, and made me do 8 laps of total humiliation on a rope where everyone I know got to see. Well, Because you are a little liar and a cheat, Instead of 8 laps on a rope, you'll be doing 8 miles, back home. You are currently dressed as a schoolgirl, in nappies and baby attire. You can ask for help along the way, but you will be followed by me, and the only help you can have, is removing items of clothing.

Once an item of clothing is gone, you cannot get it back, however, there are bonus items along the route you can wear or pick up. Bradlee and I will be walking with you, and from now on he will not look away when you are being undressed. Because you are blindfolded to start, Bradlee and I will point out any person in your vicinity. Bradlee and I are observers only and cannot touch you or remove anything ourselves. We also cannot help you if you get into trouble. Any questions?" I asked.
"Yes, which way is home? I'm blindfolded." Said Raquel.
"Just spin on the spot, we will play hotter or colder when you are facing the right way," I said.
"Oh, the best part is, in that bottle you just drank, was a mixture of warm milk, laxative, Viagra, and my own special juice." Said Bradlee laughing.
"Yuck, that's horrible." Said Raquel.
"Dummy time," I said.
I replaced the dummy, and we started. Raquel began to walk in a direction.
"Colder," I said.
Raquel chose a different direction.
"Colder," Bradlee said.
Raquel changed direction for the third time.
"Colder," I said.
We made Raquel spin on the spot for 8 rotations before letting her walk in the right direction. I was going to make damn sure the tablets were for nothing.
It took Raquel twenty minutes blindfolded to walk a quarter of a mile, that's when we purposefully met Eric, Raquel's first crush. I had set this up so people she knew would see her and be the ones to "help" her.
"Raquel there is someone nearby who can help you. You are only allowed to make one request." I Said removing the dummy for a second so she could make her request.
"Please remove my blindfold." Said Raquel.
I replaced the dummy, and Eric removed her blindfold. Raquel blushed a little once she saw Eric Realising how he might see her.
"Right Raquel time to move on," I said.
Raquel started off again.
"Colder," I said.
Raquel changed direction again.
"Colder," said Bradlee.
Raquel changed direction for the third time. The woods were very confusing and since Raquel had been blindfolded couldn't tell where the start point had been.
"Colder," said Eric joining in.
Once again we made her do several circles before telling her the right direction. We walked on for another twenty minutes and completed the first mile. Raquel's pace had quickened now that she could see. At the mile mark, stood Laura, Raquel's cousin, and David, Raquel's brother.
"Raquel, Not including your underwear, we have numbered your current clothing 1-10. using just your fingers, you are to give David and me a number between. We will then remove that particular item." Said Laura giggling.
Raquel nodded her understanding. She turned on the spot so her back faced the pair. she showed them numbers 3 and 8. Her hands were still cuffed behind her back. David and Laura beamed. Laura then took the dummy out of Raquel's mouth.
"Number 8 was your dummy." Said Laura.
David moved forward and grabbed Raquel's skirt, and started to untie it.
"No wait, Please not my skirt," Said Raquel.
Raquel turned beet red as her skirt was removed leaving her standing there, with plastic panties, and nappies on show. She couldn't even cover up with her hands held tightly behind her back. Eric, David, and Bradlee all burst into laughter. David dropped the skirt on the floor. Bradlee and Eric took one of Raquel's arms each and frogmarched her onto the start of the second mile.
It took fifteen minutes this time to reach a mile and a half, where the group met, Sally, a classmate of Raquel's. Raquel had now started to dread meeting people.
"Hey, Raquel, how's it going?" laughed Sally.
"Are you serious?" asked Raquel incredulously.
"No, just making small talk. Well, I'm offering you an exchange. If you wet yourself in the next 5 minutes, I'll give you a pair of trousers. If however, you are still dry, then, I'll take your pretty trainers." Said Sally.
"How will you know? I'm wearing two ..." Started Raquel before turning beet red again.
"Nappies? This little prodding stick. It goes down the front of your nappy, and sticks out the top. Here you are." Said Sally shoving the wooden stick down the front, forcing it past the locked panties.
"Oww." cried Raquel.
"Sorry. Your time has already started." Said Sally.
Raquel tried her hardest to pee, but even with the laxative, which hadn't started working yet, Raquel couldn't pee. The 5 minutes was up and Sally removed the stick.
"Oh dear, you're dry. Oh well, at least I get your trainers." Said Sally, pulling the trainers off Raquel's feet.
"Onward Raquel," I said cheerily.
Raquel blushed but walked forward. Fifteen minutes later we left the woodland behind and were on the edge of a small village. We were at the end of the first two miles, about to start the third. This is where we met Alexandra, Nicola, and Robert. They were all 14 now but four years ago were babysat by Raquel. Raquel blushed when she saw them.
"Hey, Raquel, nice panties. I'm First and I'm offering you a choice. You have to choose whether I cut off your jumper, Remove your socks, or remove your handcuffs." Said Alexandra.
"Hello Raquel, I'll be second, I'm offering you a choice too. I'll also remove one of the items mentioned by Alex, but also you'll get a choice between going through the middle of the village, or around the outside." Said Nicola.
"Nice legs Raquel. I'm last. I'm offering you, the removal of two items on your person, I'm also offering you a choice of which way you go, and I'm offering you an article of clothing of your choice." Said, Robert.
"Whichever you choose Raquel, there is something you would need to do, or get another forfeit, obviously bigger the prize bigger the forfeit," I said.
"I'm going with Robert." Said Raquel.
"O.K. In order to get my prize, you have to kiss me for five minutes, using only tongues, and allow me to touch your breasts." Said, Robert.
"Oh god No," Raquel shouted.
"Raquel has chosen to forfeit," I said.
"What? I haven't chosen anything yet." Said Raquel.
"We're only accepting your first answer which was no. You're forfeit is to walk through town. You're also required to have three items removed, picked by Robert, Nicola, and Alex." I said.
"I'm going to take your jumper." Said Robert, cutting it off and discarding it on the floor.
"I'm going to take your blouse." Said Alex, cutting the blouse off with the scissors, Robert had, and discarding the ruined blouse on top of the ruined jumper.
"I'm going to take your red ribbon off and unlock your plastic panties, and discard them both." Said Nicola. Which she did.
Raquel was now standing in just two nappies, bra, bib, bonnet, socks, and handcuffs. The boys were enjoying this as much as Raquel was hating it.
"Now let's take a stroll through the village shall we?" I suggested.
Raquel felt the humiliation wash over her, as she was paraded through the village in just her bra and nappies.
Raquel felt utterly embarrassed as she passed through the village. It was only 1 mile from start to finish, but having people, young and old, laugh out loud as she passed was sheer torture. Finally, she reached the other side where she met Adam and Luke,

