_I hope everyone enjoys this story. It came out of nowhere when I was trying to finish a chapter of another story. Please tell me what you think of it, constructive criticism is appreciated. Remember to take a second or two and vote!_
\--~~--
Honoria Balcolmbe chewed nervously at her manicured fingernails. For the millionth time, she wondered how she found herself in her current situation. She was in a posh poker room at some ritzy casino on the Vegas strip, sitting off in the corner while her future was being decided for her by a deck of cards. The four men at the table in the center of the room kept their concentration on the hands they were dealt while remembering to give nothing away. Honor heard them throw in chips for the opening bid, each eyeing the other in an attempt to spot each other's tells.
'Oh, God!' Honor thought morosely to herself. It had only been five days ago that she was the average college instructor, looking forward to her summer vacation in Las Vegas. Now she was the ultimate prize in a high stakes poker game.
Back home, she was nothing to look at. Just another nerdy college professor in love with the subject that she taught. Her riotous curly red hair was always pulled back into a tight bun, and she always wore glasses that hid her lush, green eyes. Contacts were too uncomfortable for her. She dressed in nothing but a long sleeved button down shirt and slacks, making sure that no skin showed from the neck down other than her hands. Her body was tall and curvy. She always felt that her breasts and her hips were a little too exaggerated giving her a classic coke bottle figure.
Yet, in Vegas, she looked entirely different. With the help of the clothing stores, beauty salons, and spas, she looked like a complete goddess. Her hair was almost always down, she bore the pain of contacts, and she showed more skin than she ever showed in her life. She wore tasteful clothing that clung to her curves and showed off her cleavage. In the evenings, she switched to classy dresses that whispered when she walked, and made her glow.
When she got to Vegas, all she wanted was to live the life of someone else for two weeks. How did everything get so out of hand?
\--~~--
 ** _Five days ago..._**
She had been saving up for the trip to Vegas for years. Vegas was a place where you could live out your fantasies and be another person, something she desired. After she retrieved her bags from baggage claim, she checked into her hotel, and started wandering the city.
There were so many sights to the city that it nearly overwhelmed her. Honor was sure that she looked like a bumpkin with her mouth hanging open in awe over everything that caught her eye. As soon as some of the shock wore off, she immediately tried to look for the spa where she booked an advanced appointment and promptly got lost.
Matt Brook found her wandering around the casino part of the complex he was staying in. Poor Honoria was looking at all the signs while trying to find the information desk. She did not seem like anyone that should be catching the eye of a millionaire, but her innocent, lost look seemed to attract him like a magnet.
"You look a little lost." He came up to her, but she did not turn to look at him.
She frowned in concentration as she read every item on the guide sign overhead. "Why do they have these signs up when all they do is guide you in a circle? I'm sure I've looked at this one before."
Matt chuckled at her tone. "Want me to show you an easier way to get you where you want to go?"
Her gaze shot to him and she looked at him as if he were her hero. Although Matt felt nothing like a hero. Heroes were handsome, while he was anything but. They were the same height, and he was skinny. No muscles to his name. His eyes were brown with no flair to them as was the same with his shaggy hair. He always managed to forget to get it cut every so often. Only his clothes showed his wealth, being perfectly tailored to the shape of his body making him look better than he actually was.
"Would you? I'd be late for my appointment at the rate I'm going. It's funny, but when I left my hotel, I thought that two hours would be more than enough time to find my way." She sighed in frustration at the thought of missing her coveted appointment.
"Next time, I suggest you leave a whole day to find where everything is. That's just the way Vegas is." He motioned one of the hotel employees over. The hotel supplied employees to follow him around just in case he needed something. "Could you show us the way to the spa?"
"Of course, sir, this way." The employee started walking at a sedate pace down one of the many paths in the casino.
Matt and Honor walked after him. Honor was a little astounded that it had been that simple for him. She had asked three employees where the spa was and all they did was give her confusing directions, none of them escorted her.
"You must be a high roller." She said to herself.
"Why would you say that?"
Matt's question startled her into realizing that she was thinking out loud again. She would have to remember that she was not alone. When she was teaching at her college, she had to keep in mind to wait till she was tucked away in her office before she said anything, being use to not having anyone around. Honor lived a solitary life, one she was comfortable with, but always wished to have a bit more. This trip was to give her that "more" she craved so she would never crave it again once she got home.
Honor was too plain, too ordinary to catch the eye of people, much less a man. A few years ago, she accepted the fact that she would be alone for the rest of her life. It was after the death of her mother, her last close relative.
"The employees didn't escort me when I asked. They were also behind a desk or doing some type of task. This guy was just milling around."
Matt was amazed at her attention to detail. "You're a very good observer, but I'm not a high roller. I only gamble once a year with some friends here in Vegas. The reason for the eager employee is because I'm worth millions."
Honor shrugged her shoulders, a silent gesture to convey the word "whatever." "Well it was evident that it involved some type of money. Were you on your way to your friends? Am I keeping you?"
"No, our poker game isn't for another few days or so. We always come to Vegas early as a sort of vacation. You see, my friends also have a bit of money, and hold important positions." Usually Matt did not blurt out this information to someone he had just met. Especially not a woman. They tended to think about him standing at the alter when he brought up money. This woman seemed to not care nor was she looking for the nearest wedding chapel, which made her comfortable to talk too.
"Excuse me for saying, but you don't look like the type of guy who likes to take vacations."
He laughed. "You're right, I'm not. I was taking a stroll, trying to get rid of some frustration, when I ran into you."
Honor looked at him askance. "Having problems?"
"You could say that. My interpreter quit on me and my assistants are having problems finding another. I'm going to have a problem with my meeting if I have to try and pantomime my speech." The frustration was coming back to him in waves. Among his entire staff, not one of them spoke German.
"Actually, that would be rather funny to watch." She laughed as she imagined him pantomiming to a room full of clueless foreign people. "What's the native language?"
"German." Matt said a little dejectedly.
They were passing a living statue that changed his stance as they passed. Honor stopped for a brief second to marvel at the man, he actually did look like a statue. "I know German." She said absentmindedly.
He eyed her suspiciously as her eyes darted this way and that, taking in as much as they could of the shopping windows, the decorations. "You do?"
"Yeah, and three other languages competently, one I'm working on." Her eyes widened when they stopped in front of the spa. She had never seen one before.
"Could you help me? I'm desperate. I'll even pay you." Matt surprised himself by asked a complete stranger to help him. He did not even know if she was actually speaking the truth. There was just something about her that made him believe her. She seemed to have a strange aura about her, which was the only conclusion he could come up with.
Honor looked at him in surprise. "Really? What time would you need me?"
"Tomorrow morning at nine. The hotel is setting up a special conference room for me. All you would have to do is give them this card at the desk and they'll show you the way." He gave her his business card.
She took it and checked it over. It seemed legit, but things such as business cards could easily be duplicated. "How do I know this isn't some nefarious plot to get a girl alone in a room?"
"We'll leave the door open, you can look inside and come in when you think it's safe. You can even request security to stay in the room the whole time."
Honor thought it over. "Alright. I agree."
Matt smiled as if she were the answer to his prayers. "Thanks! I'll see you tomorrow morning." He paused as he reminded himself to ask for her name. "What's your name?"
She stuck out her hand for a shake. "I'm Honoria Balcolmbe. Nice to meet you."
"It was a pleasure meeting you." He waved goodbye as he doubled back to the casino, with the hotel employee following close behind him.
\--~~--
The elegant woman who stepped into the four star restaurant was not the woman that got lost trying to find the spa. It was amazing what a few hours of pampering and the right dress could do to a woman. Her uncontrollable, frizzy red hair was pilled on top of her head in a riot of ringlets, her glasses were replaced by contact lenses, and she was wearing a green Asian inspired dress with two slits, one on each side that stopped at mid-thigh. Even she could not recognize herself when she looked in the mirror.
The waitress was in the process of showing her to her table when a hand came out of nowhere and snagged her arm. She looked up into the eyes of a very tall, handsome, dark, brooding man with silver/blue eyes. The Armani suit flattered his muscular physique. He politely asked her to dine with him. Of course she accepted.
He introduced himself as Gabriel Newton, a professional poker player who diligently invested all his winnings which he called his "comfortable retirement package." Honor, in the spirit of her fantasy vacation to become whoever she wished, refused to tell him her name. She opted to be the exotic mysterious stranger.
Gabe did not object since, in his mind, this was going to be just another one- night-stand. Just a few minutes before the graceful woman entered the restaurant and caught his attention, Gabe was in the middle of rethinking his lifestyle. Lately, he had been gaining no satisfaction from his one-night- stands, instead becoming more wrestles with each passing conquest.
He found himself wishing that the women he chose would have an opinion on any complex topic of conversation they felt like talking about. After all, he was mature enough to admit that sex was not everything. It was just a huge part of everything when it came to a man, but every so often, they came to a point in their life when they wanted something a little more. Being a man of action, he decided right then and there to go for the plunge, he would find woman interested in a meaningful relationship. Yet still have the stamina to meet his sexual needs.
That was when the mysterious woman walked into the restaurant. Gabe had just decided about his course of action, saw her, and then decided that he would implement his new life plane after this one last romp in the sheets. Everyone needed to celebrate a major life change in some fashion, right?
It was no surprise to either of them when passion flared to life. The attraction between them was explosive. It all started with a touch on the hand, a caress on the cheek, and ended with a carnal, flaming kiss that threatened to consume them both. By unspoken agreement, they decided to clear out of the restaurant quickly and go to his hotel room.
They crashed into the back wall of an elevator in a confusing tangle of limbs. Honor could feel lust course through her body like a living electric current. She could feel herself venturing further and further into uncharted territory. It was as if she were absorbing the desire from him and feeding it back to him in an uncontrollable endless loop.
He started to attack her with renewed vigor as soon as the elevator doors closed. Honor knew there were most likely cameras in the elevator. The thought that a security worker was watching them only added to her arousal. Plain, ordinary Honoria was being ravaged by a sexy rich man like she was his last meal in front of a possible audience. A hand found it's way into the slit of her dress, grabbed onto her thigh, and traveled down to hook her knee bringing her leg up to rest on his hip. Gabe ground his pelvis into her softness, making her feel the effect she had on him.
The strap of her dress was half way down her arm. He coaxed it down more to uncover one plump breast. His tongue laved at the nipple, enjoying it's pebbled texture. Honor moaned at the sensation he created. At the same time, his other hand was sneaking into the other slip of her dress, inching up her thigh. He stopped his ministrations to her breast and looked at her. "You dirty bunny. You're not wearing any underwear."
Honor flashed him an evil little grin that was entirely unrepentant. "Underwear would just slow things down. Besides, I thought naughty playboys like you loved it when women neglected to remember their undergarments."
There was a ding and the elevator doors opened. "Honey, you're a woman that needs to be savored. I thank your thoughtfulness though." Gabe led her into the high roller room that the hotel had given him, one of those lavish affairs with the only entrance being the elevator. They climbed the winding ladder leading from the living room to the bedroom.
Honor backed Gabe up to the foot of the bed. Savoring was a wonderful notion, but the feelings that raced through her bloodstream, heating up her body to boiling, did not want the slow, lingering intimacy. It demanded she take what she wanted.
In short order, she stripped Gabe of his tie and jacket. Frustrated with the buttons of his pristine white shirt, she ripped it open in one clean tug, buttons flew everywhere. He was a little surprised by her demeanor. She was such a lady in the restaurant, and he did not peg her as the sort to turn wild in the bedroom.
Next, she stripped him of his pants, finding a few surprises of her own. He was not wearing any underwear either and his cock was long, it touched his bellybutton. Honor stopped what she was doing just to stare at him. She had very few lovers in her past, all of them medium to small in both width and length.
A little fear mixed with her desire. Could she take that into her body? Her stillness caught Gabe's attention.
"Is anything wrong?" He asked with just a bit of pride in his voice. There was no mistaking what she was looking at. Women had expounded on the size of his dick before.
Honor drew closer to the huge appendage, hypnotized by it. "Nothing's wrong," she said. There was nothing to be afraid of, women had the capacity to pass babies the size of watermelons through their vaginas; she could easily take his massive cock.
Because she could not help herself, she licked the tip where some clear fluid escaped. Gabe groaned his encouragement. He did not taste bad, in fact, his taste was intoxicating. She licked him for a while and then took him into her mouth as far as she could go.
He could barely breath. It was not the best cocksucking he received, but her exuberance and eagerness made up for her lack of experience. This first time, he did not want to spill in her mouth, which was for later, when he had the patience to teach her properly. He wanted his seed to go inside her this first time, some primal urge to mark her.
With gentle care, he brought her back to her feet. Gabe smirked at the dazed expression on her face. "I think it's my turn to explore you." He kissed her then, something deep and lingering. His tongue explored her mouth as he unzipped the back of her dress. When he stepped away, the dress slid to her waist and she pushed it down the rest of the way.
He admired her beauty. She had full breasts, a slim waist, and a slight patch of red curls hiding her pussy from his view. None of her bones were outlined by her skin, the constant fashion trend set by models; she was full woman. He looked at her face, noting her shyness.
It only proved to him that she did not have one-night-stands on a regular basis as she had led him to believe. He found a perverse satisfaction in the knowing; just as he took satisfaction in knowing there intimacies would last for more than one night.
   As he looked his fill of every detail of her body, he managed to take off the rest of his clothing. Honor fidgeted under his gaze and decided that she was too horny just to be standing around, letting him take his sweet time looking. She kicked off her heels as she took the few steps to come close to him and then pushed him onto the bed.
"You're so eager for me." He stated as she climbed on top of him.
She gave him a quick kiss, stroking his hard cock almost lovingly. "I want long, deep, forceful strokes. None of this slow and savoring crap." Honor looked a little desperate as she stated her needs. Her left hand needed his well defined abdomen as she positioned her sopping wet cunt over his eager dick with her right hand.
Gabe laughed at her impatience. He flipped them over until he was on top and in control. "Lets get one thing straight, dear. I'm the one in charge. You'll take what I give you." Capturing both her hands, he placed them above her head, holding them imprisoned with one hand. His other hand traveled down her body to explore her pussy. He wanted to see just how wet she was for him.
His fingers probed the folds of her vagina, feeling her incredible need to have him. "Dirty bunny, you're soaking the sheets with your fluids." He brought his fingers up to show her how they glistened with the juices he had found. "Look at that, you dirtied my fingers. Be a good bunny and clean them for me."
Honor looked deep into his eyes, with a small smile playing at the corners of her lips; she took his fingers into her mouth and licked every drop of her essence from them. He groaned at the obvious enjoyment she was having in their little skirmish. Kissing her again, he tasted the juices on her own tongue, as his hand went down to play with her clit.
She broke the kiss and screamed as something coiled within her. It was a pressure that demanded release. Never feeling this intensity of lust for any of her lovers, Honor had no idea what was going on. The feelings were frightening in their power yet exciting all at the same time. How could this man make her feel as if she could implode at any minute while her other lovers left her wanting for more?
Her thoughts broke off into fragments as she felt the head of his penis caress her entrance. She thrashed within his hold as he teased her, stroking the folds of her sex with the soft mushroom shaped head of his cock. "Please, I need this. Give it to me." Her cries were impassioned.
Gabe could not wait any longer; he plunged into her as far as he could go, her wetness making his entrance easy. Honor screamed her release. It washed over her, through her, all around her. It made her toes curl and her fists clench in it's severity. He thrust through her orgasm, feeling the muscles massage along his dick. For leverage, he let go of her hands, which immediately moved to explore his back.  
They moved together in unison, he instinctively knew that his orgasm would be the most explosive he ever had, she desperate for her second orgasm in her limited sexual history. Their bodies were sweaty with the single-minded need to reach completion, and then it hit her. "God, yes!" She screamed as her nails dug into his back.
The small pain from her hands spurred Gabe's orgasm. With one powerful lung, he groaned as his seed spurted out of him in never ending ropes. He was paralyzed with the force of his release. When it was all over, they collapsed in an exhausted mass of flesh.
Gabe did not seem inclined to move, but he did anyway. Moving to her right side, he pulled her towards him. Honor cuddled up close and closed her eyes. Before she went to sleep, she was secretly glade that she went on birth control a month before her trip. She had a hunch that she would be having sex more than just the one night she allotted herself.