Mitzi's See Through Bathing Suit
by Tcs1956

Mitzi shows off at Myrtle Beach, SC..In public!

Just a short note to myself to help me remember what a natural, exhibitionist slut my wife Mitzi is and how naturally she became one. It is definitely genetic. This is just a quick little story so I won't go into the sex so much this time...maybe later I can delve into the sexual interactions of this family. But this story is more about the flagrant exhibitionism that we all love so dearly. I want to record these memories before I get too old to recall them. LOL!

We were at Myrtle Beach staying at this family hotel/condo. Mitzi and I and our kids...Mitzi's Mom, Nancy, Mitzi's little sister Melissa and her boyfriend Bryant.

In chronological order, Nancy is six years older than me. Mitzi is 12 years younger than me and Melissa is two years younger than Mitzi.

So there is a 20 year age difference from Nancy to Melissa. In any case, everyone was 18 or older at the time of this story...even if Melissa had just barely turned 18...

Anyway...

It was a really hot day and Mitzi was even hotter than the South Carolina sun. She was wearing a tight white one piece bathing suit. Actually it was a soft cotton and lace design body suit that snapped at the crotch. It was never intended to be worn as a bathing suit, much less braless and pantiless. It was more of a camisole kinda thing. Very tight and stretched very thin over Mitzi's firm, thick hot body. Mitzi liked it partly because she could tan right through it. It had really high leg openings that stretched above her hip line and a tight narrow return into her pussy. It was more than a Brazilian cut, it was downright sexy and flagrant! It went all the way up to her neck in the front and tied around her neck. There were no side ties, it showed quite a lot of side boob. Then it dipped way down in the back exposing quite a bit of ass cleavage. From the back it almost looked like a thong bikini with no top.

We were all in the hotel swimming pool. I and every man in the place noticed that Mitzi's bathing suit was totally transparent when it got wet. Actually it was a lacy transparent when it was dry too. She might as well have been totally naked when it was wet! Mitzi showed no embarrassment or modesty in front of her Mom or any of the family for that matter. Bryant couldn't keep his eyes off her and neither could I. I found myself thinking to myself, "It's a good thing she shaves her pussy completely." Neither one of us said a word for fear that she might cover up and spoil all of our voyeuristic fun.

Mitzi was getting wet and then getting out of the pool and sunbathing...alternating, swim, sun bathe, etc...

Suddenly Melissa gasped and said "Mitzi!! Oh My Gosh! You can see right through that bathing suit! It's like you're naked!" Melissa embarrassed herself by the shear volume of her proclamation. Everyone at the pool heard her...probably 30 people; it was the middle of a 90 degree afternoon and the pool was full of vacationers.

Mitzi, still standing in the bright sunlight, looked right at Melissa, winked at me and replied in about the same volume; "I know you can see through it, silly...Why do you think I'm wearing it?"

She pushed her shoulders back which pressed her firm breasts and hard nipples upward and outward. It was a hot and shameless display of her entire body. Her areola looked so dark brown and inviting, punctuated by her rock hard breasts and bullet-like nipples jutting up into the air for all to see.

Mitzi like this; being seen, being exposed in public, being the center of attention. She lived for this. She was in her element.

Mitzi continued talking to her baby sister; "You should get one too. Do you think they will run me off the beach when I wear it down there?"

Melissa looked shocked, but managed a cute little knowingly seductive grin at the same time. She then winked at me and quietly mouthed "OMG."

Nancy smiled at Mitzi and said "Mitzi, honey, go for it! You're still young enough and have the body to wear whatever you want to wear where ever you want to wear it. Enjoy it while you're young. I don't think Craig minds at all" she said, glancing down at my hard-on at the same time. (I didn't mind. Momma Nancy always could see right through me).

Nancy then looked at Melissa and said "...and you, young lady; you could learn a thing or two from your big sister. And haven't I always tried to set a good example for both of you?"

I must say, Nancy had set a good example. She never tried to hide the fact that she was fucking several boyfriends at a time. She was always practically nude in her own house even when I was there. She flirted shamelessly with men and could never turn down a one night stand. Nancy was a hot party animal. Yes, she had taught the girls well. She had even spent some time at a nudist resort in Destin, FL and was excited to tell us all about it when she returned from her vacation there. To hear her descriptions, it was more like a swingers nudist resort. But I digress...back to this story...

Nancy and Melissa went back to the condo while Mitzi and I went out to the beach. Myrtle Beach is always crowded in the summer. It was a voyeur and exhibitionists playground.

Mitzi was having a grand old time running into the surf, getting wet all over and then parading back to our beach towels to bask for a while. I watched as more than one guy stumbled while walking backwards extending his view of Mitzi. I mean, honestly, you just don't see this kind of flagrant nudism at Myrtle Beach, SC.

I followed her into the surf and as soon as the water was nearly deep enough, she reached into my trunks and pulled my cock out. She unsnapped the crotch of her body suit and guided my cock into her steaming cunt. Even with the water slapping up against us she wrapped her legs around my waist and ground into me pulling me as deep as she can get me into her pussy. She humped me and ground me into her and made quite a show out of it. Her heels were digging into my ass. I guess we were in deep enough water because no one blew the whistle and ordered us off the beach.

A wave broke over us and knocked us apart. Mitzi snapped her suit and took me by the hand leading me back to our beach towels. I hadn't cum so I could hardly walk back with my cock still rock hard.

About that time Melissa and Nancy joined us on the beach. I knew Melissa had some really sexy bikinis so I wasn't surprised to see her in her skimpiest one. It was a slide top and slide bottom that she had slid all the way together so that it was as small as it could go. I think it was two sizes too small as well.

What I didn't expect to see, so publicly, was Nancy's skimpy little one piece! WOW! She looked HOT! It was more of a mono-kini that covered her midriff, but left just about everything else right out there on display.

Melissa said "What do you think, Mitzi...do we have a Hot Momma, or what!?"

Mitzi replied "Oh hell yeah! And a teasing little tart for a baby sister too! You both look good enough to eat; don't you agree, Craig?"

Thinking about eating the three of them...OMG! I had no option; now I had to adjust the uncomfortable swelling in my trunks.

Before I could answer Mitzi's question, Nancy spoke up.

"Is that question 'too hard' to answer, Craig?"

Melissa chimed in, "I don't know about the question, but it looks like Craig's too hard to answer!"

They all three enjoyed the laugh at my expense and the fact that the swelling didn't go down as long as I was in the presence of those three hotties!

Changing the subject, I asked Melissa "Where's your slack-ass boyfriend?"

She replied "Sleeping as usual. I wore him out and left him for dead. He won't be any good for the rest of the day. It looks like you might have us all to yourself today. Do you think you can handle all this?" as she gestured towards Mitzi, Nancy and herself, sticking her chest way out and dipping her hip suggestively.

I responded honestly, "No way in hell. But I would sure die trying!"

We found out a few minutes later when we walked down the beach together that the Myrtle Beach PD felt it necessary to keep a constant watch over us all afternoon...especially when Mitzi was in the water or walking back out, soaked and appearing nearly naked, but they never asked the girls to change suits.

You just gotta love an intentional exhibitionist little slut like Mitzi! But then again, it's not her fault...it's a family affair.
