ABIGAIL TAKES HER FIRST BIG COCK

This was the first time I had seen another man's cock at such close quarters and this one was simply massive. I focussed my video camera on the throbbing head and the purple veins that bulged down its fat body, glistening with pussy juice and milky white threads of gooey cream that clung to it.

The meat-rod closed in and gently eased itself between Abigail's puckered pussy lips, opening them wider and wider as each gentle thrust saw the cock sink deeper and deeper into the wet and slimy cavity, oozing with her cum and squirted juices.

Abigail shuddered, squealed and shivered simultaneously as the throbbing meat sunk further and further inside her until its total length had been enveloped and the two huge balls were thudding against her cunt lips with a steady, coordinated and rhythmic movement.

It had all begun an hour ago. I had emerged from our caravan where we had parked it the night before at the edge of the lake, behind a thick clump of conifer trees. Sunlight filtered through the branches and flooded my eyes. It was the fourth day of our honeymoon.

Abigail and I had been childhood sweethearts, a love at first sight thing. She was slim and sleek with large, gazing brown eyes and silky brown hair that bounced on her firm shoulders. I was a cocky young man, full of spunk and spirit. Our attraction was mutual. At 16 we pledged marriage to each other and saved hard for three years to make our dream come true.

Our families said we were too young to wed at 19, but we had saved enough to buy a second-hand trailer-caravan and after the ceremony we hit the road and headed for the mountains to tour the lakes and the luscious stretches of conifer pines, our planned honeymoon. 

I yawned and stretched out my relaxed limbs and looked around for Abigail. She was an early riser and loved to sit by the edge of the lake, watching the shimmering surface and sometimes the gyrating circles of water as a fish occasionally broke the smoothness of the surface with its lips.

I stepped between the trees, moving to the water's edge. There was perfect solace and silence, broken only by bird chirps and the occasional animal sound. Then I stopped. There was a man lying reclined at the water's edge, where the waves gently lapped the bank. He was flat out on his back, a hunk of a man, completely naked, his body still glistening with water droplets as he had been swimming in the lake a few moments before.

He now lay sunning himself in the streaks of pale, morning sunshine.

Then, my heart went to my mouth. From the corner of my eye I saw Abigail crouched behind a tree, her eyes intently focussed on the naked body, drinking in the rippling muscles and the clumps of smooth, matted hair that covered it. He was truly a hunk of a man, toned and muscled, well over six feet tall and arms, a torso and legs so rippling with muscular wealth that he must have been an ex-wrestler, or boxer, or maybe a football player.

I say ex because he was in his late 40s or early 50s, but still seemed to be in perfect health and shape.

I froze in my tracks and intently watched Abigail positively drooling over this apparition. She was so deep in concentration she had not even heard my approach. Her eyes had narrowed so as to focus on the wealth of naked body flesh and her pink tongue was slowly licking her red lips, her pearly, white teeth occasionally biting into her lower lip.

At first I felt stunned and then angry as my cheeks turned a crimson red with fury. We were only into the fourth day of our honeymoon and Abigail was drooling over this not-exactly young man. 

What should I do? Confront her there and then and have a scene - but surely he would hear our voices and the commotion. Drag her back to the caravan and have it out with her there? I had a wild thought of going back to the caravan and driving off and leaving her there.

These thoughts whirled through my mind in a matter of seconds. Enviously, my eyes scanned the naked body of this hunk. I couldn't see his face, but his body was truly stunning. I had to admit that Abigail was perfectly entitled to be amazed as I was more than certain that besides me, this was the only other naked man she had seen in real flesh and blood.  

Then I felt strange sensations that I had never experienced before. The sight and thought of Abigail drooling so obviously over this naked man was making me feel horny! What would he do to Abigail if he managed to get his hands on her? I felt my cock stiffen and felt a sense of shame. The whole scene was turning me on!

This new sensation of erotic excitement had me aroused. And why not, I thought? After all, it was only sex, not as if Abigail had been having a secret affair, or carrying on behind my back. The three of us were alone in this expanse of wilderness. Secrecy was ensured.

I gently hissed at Abigail and startled her but quickly put my finger to my lips to motion for her to remain silent. She was flustered and pink with embarrassment, like a child being caught with her hand in the cookie jar.

"Do you like him?" I whispered. Her cheeks turned from pink to red.

"You do, don't you? It's ok, I don't mind. He's a sexy guy. I don't blame you". I pulled her towards me. Her body was hot and radiant and from experience I knew she was wildly turned on. Her mind had undoubtedly been fantasising about this guy fucking her.

"Let's go back to our caravan" she whispered fiercely. Her tone was hoarse and cracked with excitement. She wanted me to take her back to the caravan and give her a good fucking, to work off her fantasy.

"I've got a better idea than that. If you like him why don't you go and talk to him?"  

"No" she replied furiously. "You must be crazy. Let's go back".

"Go and talk to him" I said fervently, giving her a gentle push forward. "See what type of guy he is and then we'll see".

"See what - are you out of your mind?"

Impatiently I pushed her forward again.

"Go on. Do as I say".

The push had imbalanced Abigail and her stumble rustled a pile of leaves and twigs. The hunk heard the noise and looked back. He was not only a hunk, he was handsome too.

"Anybody there?" His voice was deep, resonant and sexy.

I pushed Abigail forward. "Go and say hi".

Awkwardly she struggled to her feet, her face a slash of crimson so that she looked even more innocent and pretty. She took a few paces and stood over him, dreamily gazing at his total nakedness.

"Hi". Her eyes tried to avert her gaze from the lusciousness of his body - but she just couldn't and from the way her eyes suddenly widened in amazement I could figure out what happened. She had seen his cock and she was overwhelmed by it.

"Well hello. What a lovely surprise this morning". Unruffled he remained laid back in his nakedness, making no effort to move or to cover his flesh. 

"What's a pretty girl like you doing here at this time of the morning?"

Abigail was lost for words and what she blurted was largely an incoherent jumble of words so that he turned himself over on his side and propped himself up on an elbow.

His shaven head seemed to have been sculpted on his bulging neck muscles, opening onto broad, muscular shoulders. He had an overall bronzed tan and a sheen of smooth and silky golden hairs gracing his chest, his torso and his bulging biceps. 

Then, I saw his cock, a dangling, fat and bulging muscle that lay limp between his legs, like a coiled snake ready to pounce. He was certainly over six feet in length and in his early 50s.

"Now hang on" he said laughingly bemused. "Slow down. Let's see if I read this right. You're on your honeymoon and you have a caravan back there and a husband - and say, where is your husband?"

I moved forward and identified myself and we shook hands, my own hand looking like a miniature model of a limb enveloped by his horny fingers. In a few minutes we skimmed over all the introductions, quickly briefing him on what had brought us here.

Unfazed by our presence, undoubtedly proud of his body, he remained exposed and naked, letting us admire his Adonis-like figure. He lived in a log cabin in the woods with his wife but every morning came down to the lake for a naked swim and sun bathing to maintain his bronzed colour. Sure enough, he was an ex-professional wrestler, now retired.

"Would you like to come back to our caravan for coffee?" I asked cautiously. Abigail had fallen into a stunned silence, not sure about what was going to happen next, trying valiantly to keep her eyes off his cock but each time going back to see the rampant meat nestling between his crotch, and a massive pair of balls encased in a ball sac that glistened with golden hairs

"Sure, if it's ok with you guys. Abigail?" Under his relaxed scrutiny, Abigail trembled, but nodded her agreement.

He stood up and we could see the real magnificence of his muscular build. He slung his towel and a very brief pair of shorts over his shoulders.

I set out our portable table and chairs and rustled up some coffee. Abigail mumbled something about going off to take a shower.

"You know what they called me when I was still a professional in the ring - they called me The Stud". He chortled at his own joke. "Boy, those were the days". There was a faraway look in his eyes, the look of a person looking back in great satisfaction.

"You must have had plenty of admirers - women I expect".

He slung his head back in amusement. 

"Did I have admirers? Yep, loads and loads of women, all ages, shapes and sizes and I did my best to keep them happy. I've been married four times you know, this is my fourth wife".

It was now or never, I thought. I was still highly fired up by his unashamed and open nakedness and by the warmth and vibrancy running through Abigail's body when I clutched her as we ogled him through the trees. 

"I guess you can add my Abigail to your long list of admirers".

"Really?" He stopped smiling now and looked me straight in the eyes. "Still newly-married and still very young...I would have thought she wouldn't give a second glance to an old pro like me."

He was leading me on, probing to see what my intentions were and how far he could get. He knew it and I knew it. He raised his foot onto the chair and opened his thighs wide so that I could see the full expanse of his cock even though it was still flaccid and limp. It was a magnificent instrument, a solid and dangling slash of meat, not only lengthy, but fat.

"I'd love to see you handle her" I blurted. "Maybe I could learn a thing or two from your experience in handling women".

He snorted in amusement and continued to look me in the eye. "Are you sure? Do you think she can handle this?" He took his fat cock into his hands and began to massage it gently. It responded with a steady expansion.

I nodded eagerly.

"Ok son, go bring her out here. Tell her not to dry off from the shower - I love my girls wet and sleek."

Abigail had lingered on in the shower, waiting for something to happen, and it was going to happen now.

"Don't dry off - he wants you wet and sleek. Go out there and enjoy it. Nobody will know anything except us. Don't worry about it - it's only sex. Enjoy it and I'll enjoy watching".

"No, no, it's wrong, it's wicked. I can't. Tell him to go away. I'm staying here until he goes". But her resistance was feeble and half-hearted, styled so as to gauge to determine how strong I was in my resolve.

I took her wrist and dragged her out of the shower, water still streaming off her sleek figure and her shiny brown hair.

The Stud was still sitting on the chair with his leg up and his crotch area wide open. He had built up his cock so that it now stood rampant in its full splendour, a thick and rounded pipe of meat with a vicious looking head.

Abigail gasped. "Oh my God, it really is huge!"

With a massive finger he beckoned her forward and indicated she should kneel between his knees.

"Bring out a couple of cushions and put them down here", he said to me, showing his full command of the situation, giving orders to underline how much he was in charge of the situation. .

Abigail knelt gingerly and he caressed her wet hair. He slung one leg over her back so that his strength and weight pinioned her down onto him.

"Get your lips around this". He squeezed his huge and purple head. "Don't try and take it all - you'll do that gradually as I tell you. Just lick this head baby".

Abigail's pink tongue began to flicker around the huge cock as I moved closer to get a better view. I nipped inside the caravan and brought out our video camera. This stuff had to be recorded so that Abigail and I could look through it later.

Abigail warmed to her theme, oblivious of anything else that was around her, including the whirring video camera. Her tongue continued to sweep over the purple head and with his gentle promptings she gradually enveloped the massive dome in her mouth and sucked on it, like one would suck a sweet.

"Good baby, good - ah that's good. You suck a cock real good. Now gradually take more and more of it". He pressed the back of her head downwards so that she took more and more, almost taking it to choking point.

"You like that huh? You've never sucked a cock like this before?"

Abigail moaned her agreement and reinforced her efforts to take the huge meat all the way. As I manoeuvred my video cam for close-up shots I had to admit I had never expected her to be so good. She was taking big mouthfuls of it, gasping for air and then flicking her pink tongue over the head and the length so that the whole cock glistened and slid with her spittle. Her fingers were kneading his balls, massive orbs in her small hands.

It set me wondering. Had she sucked other cocks without my knowledge? For sure, I had never experienced this treatment from her, ever. Yet, I was so excited, my cock was so taut with hardness, all these erotic thoughts and sights merely continued to heat up my imagination.

The Stud was certainly in his element. He lay relaxed in the chair, his hand cupped at the back of Abigail's head, keeping it in position to have her wet lips continue to work on his glistening cock. He gave occasional moans when she went down on him really hard and enveloped the meat in her mouth.

Now he moved his leg away from across her back and a huge horny hand began to paw her back, working its way down to her ass cheeks. He parted her quivering flesh and with a massive and knobbly middle finger probed her very tight asshole. Abigail and I had never done anal so certainly, it was still tight and compact.

Then his finger began feeling her wet labia lips and pressing on her clit in simultaneous movements so that Abigail wriggled her ass and automatically began to expand her cunt so as to facilitate his entry. His finger popped into her wet hole and Abigail shuddered as if a hot poker had been shoved inside her pussy. His large and meaty finger was almost the size, shape and width of my cock!

She was like putty in his hands. She was his to do with her whatever he liked. Rhythmically his finger penetrated her pink, dripping cunt. Abigail began to moan and wriggle, desperately trying to continue with her cock sucking but visibly distracted by the impending and massive climax that was building up inside her

His other hand grabbed her head and pulled Abigail's lips away from his cock. Their lips locked in a lengthy and lingering kiss as he savoured his own cock juices and smells from her lips.

Suddenly he pulled his finger out of her cunt and left her on edge, frustrated and frantically wriggling with the deprivation of her climax denied.

He smirked in satisfaction at this denial.

"Start working on my balls, lick them".

Abigail did, reluctantly, still smarting at the pleasure she had been building up, to be denied. She casually licked his balls, but without enthusiasm.

The Stud flashed a hand across her butt, giving her a stinging blow that made her squeal with pain. A red and purple patch tainted her flesh where the spank had been delivered.

"Don't go sulk on me girl. You'll climax and cum when I say so. Now suck properly or you'll get more of this". Another stinging blow from his palm smacked across her butt. Then he stood up, yanking Abigail by the hair. He placed her between his outstretched legs so that he towered over her, her lips directly under his hairy ball sac.

"Now suck". Abigail's lips worked feverishly at the base of his orb. With one hand he held her head fixed between his thighs and with the other he tugged roughly and sensually at his massively erect cock, making sure that Abigail and I were getting a good view of his massive instrument.

I was so hot I wanted to strip off and massage my own cock, but the puniness of my prick in comparison to his bulging and lengthy meat made me think better of it.

The Stud yanked Abigail to her feet and lifted her off the ground with a firm grip around her waist. He strode over to where I had laid out the cushions, lay flat on his back and placed Abigail on top of him in the classic "69" position. Voraciously she attacked his cock, slobbering spittle all over it, hoping to please him into giving her the climax she so badly wanted.

His fleshy lips closed on her labia folds, coating them with spittle juice. His strong, pearly teeth clicked on her clit, gently milking it and occasionally giving her a stronger bite so that she squealed with pain.

Physically and mentally he was wearing her down into complete submission, using his strength, experience and technique, reducing her to a meat slut over which he had total domination. I was certainly learning my lessons.

The virginity of her anal hole fascinated him and he spent time fingering the puckered folds of the hole's taut flesh. It made me speculate he was building to a pitch by preparing her ass hole to take his cock. I dreaded to think how that truncheon of stiff, meaty cock could possibly fit into Abigail's asshole.

Now, Abigail was wildly threshing her pussy over his gobbling lips, building up the climax she had earlier been denied. Was he going to let her climax? She was certainly near. Folds of flesh rippled across her ass cheeks as her pounding became stronger and stronger. Her moaning was uncontrollable.

Again he denied her. He pushed her off him, sprang to his feet, pushed her down on her knees and before she had time to protest he forced his cock in between her lips, his fingers cruelly squeezing her nipples as they turned purple. She tried to protest but his huge cock was filling her mouth. Tears were trickling down her cheeks.

This was another lesson for me, mixing Abigail's uncontrollable pleasure and eroticism with physical pain and the mental torture of climax denial. The Stud had her so subdued, so dependent on his every wile, she was totally under his control.

Now I realised the meaning of total control. I had often wondered whether stories I heard were true that a man so dominated a slut that he could do whatever he wanted with her, could make her do whatever he desired, no matter how bizarre or improbable. This was the classic Master and slut-slave relationship.

The Stud, with a triumphant gleam in his eyes, caught my eyes focussed on this scene of total domination. He gave me a mocking grin.

"She's certainly enjoying herself this little wife of yours. She's really up for everything. I don't think you've been giving her enough. I guess this is her lucky day!"

He pulled her up off her knees and with his strong arms lifted her off her feet. He carried her to the table and flung her down on her back.

"Move in here now". He beckoned me to get closer. "I'm going to fuck the shit out of her so make sure you get everything into that camera of yours".

His finger prised open her cunt, exposing folds of soft, wet flesh.

"Let's see whether she can take all this cock inside her. You will won't you, you little slut? You're so hot, so wanting it you'll take anything in there".

  "Yes, I want it", Abigail blurted. "Fuck me, fuck me hard".

"Say please". He gave her a hearty slap on her thigh.

"Please, please fuck me". Abigail was pleading, desperately.

I positioned myself close in, my face a few centimetres away from Abigail's hot and wanting pussy, waiting for the first lunge of his cock and wondering how far it would penetrate before Abigail screamed with pain as the searing rod wrenched open her pink flesh.

The Stud showed his expertly mastery once more. There was no lunge, no show of force. He took his huge cock in his hand, yanked back the foreskin so as to press forward the bulbous cock-head and this he squeezed against Abigail's quivering labia lips, coating the head with her slimy juices and then gently easing it in between her cunt lips.

Tenderly, he eased himself in, millimetre by millimetre, heightening his pleasure as he felt his raw meat nestling in the soft tightness of her cunt but prolonging Abigail's agony as she furiously tried to envelope more and more of his steaming cock inside her. 

Abigail moaned uncontrollably as the cock slowly but surely eased into her. Her climax denial was so pent up, it threatened to explode volcanically and suddenly, it did. Her body convulsed, momentarily froze and then unleashed into a frenzy of squirming and furious ecstasy. Her fingers dug into his flesh, gouging red marks and drawing faint treads of blood. He leant down and silenced her screams by hungrily clamping his lips over hers so that she spewed wave after wave of cum as their lips and spittle slobbered together and as his cock slid a few more millimetres inside her.

In the calm after the storm, he increased his insertion. Her cum was squelching and slopping around his cock, giving him greater slide thrust. Trickles of sticky, hot cum oozed gently from her cunt, eased out by the displacement of the huge cock boring its way inside her. His fingers wiped off the oozing cum which he spread and kneaded over her tits. He also smeared her lips with it, making her taste her own cum, making her lick his fingers salaciously. 

The total length of his cock was now almost fully inside her, to my surprise. She had taken it all. His balls were brushing her labia lips as he dropped more and more of his weight on her. He had flattened her on the table now so that she could hardly be seen under his massive length and build.

Then he began his rhythm, pumping gently - at first - inside her, so that Abigail began to gasp and splutter with pleasure, valiantly trying to rise under his weight so as to meet his thrusts but each time being splattered down again as his thrusts became stronger and stronger.

Abigail had her second wave of climax as the cock continued to sizzle inside her. She had given herself up completely now. At the initial stages she had given me a few anxious glances to see how I was coping, to see whether I was angry or upset and I had reassuringly winked at her. Now, it was as if I wasn't there at all. Her body, her eyes, her total self was completely dedicated to The Stud, as if nothing else in the world existed, in the universe.

The Stud steadied his leg positioning on the ground so as to give him greater strength in the thrust. His giant hands were clamped roughly and securely around Abigail's writhing waist. He began to breathe heavily, trying to time his breathing to his thrusts, sometimes slowing his rhythm and sometimes accelerating it.

He was now exercising his own cum denial as Abigail clearly prepared to cum again. For some inexplicable reason my nose became acutely aware of the sex smells as the two bodies gyrated together. I could smell their sweat and the pungency of the meatiness of their oozing slime. The table legs creaked with rhythmic motion, their panting breathing filling the air around us. And there were the splats as flesh crashed down on flesh and juices splattered everywhere.

The Stud arched his back. He had taken his cum denial to the edge several times, but his resistance and resilience was becoming weaker as the sensations of Abigail's hot cunt thrilled through his throbbing meat.

Dramatically, he pulled out, grabbed his cock, winched himself over Abigail's shuddering body and after a few hard strokes he unleashed a thick thread of creamy, white cum that splattered onto Abigail's belly. He let out a bull-like bellow as wad after wad of cum streaked out and cascaded onto Abigail who was in the throes of her third climax.

Then he just relaxed, totally spent, his wanton cock on Abigail's thigh, continuing to ooze out it's mess and slime. He still held her down firmly, with a giant hand spreading his cum over Abigail's body as if he were giving her a total body massage, including her lips, her eye lids and her ears. He enveloped her body with his cum.

Abigail lay spent, unmoving, spread-eagled over the table. He had pinched, pummelled and fucked every ounce of resistance out of her so that now she was physically and mentally drained.

The Stud pulled on his brief shorts and slung his towel over his shoulder, smirking and gloating over his masterpiece of work. I walked with him to the edge of the clearing. We shook hands. Just before leaving, he turned and put his arm around my shoulder.

"Listen son, a word of advice. Your Abigail has had a taste of her first big cock. It's going to be a hard act to follow. She'll remember it for ever and she'll want more of it. So you take care and keep her in check."

With that he walked off.

I returned to our caravan. Abigail still lay unmoving on the table. His wads of cum were splattered all over her, beginning to cake and flake where it was drying off. I yanked her to her feet and she slid off the table, unresisting. There was a faraway and dreamy look in her eyes. I pushed her down on the cushions. My cock was rock hard, pre-cum already seeping. I dangled my balls over her lips, gave my cock a few hefty strokes and splattered a gush of cum over her face.

PHOENIX46			31st January 2008 




