Sister Games

My sister and I used to play a game when I was 13 and she 15. It was always when we were alone like late at night, or when our parents were out. She’d have me pretend I was a captured spy and she was the interrogator. She would say she needed to search me and then proceed to slowly strip me one piece of clothing at a time. Once in my underwear only she’d tie my hands behind my back and then order me to hand over the “secret tapes” or she would have to torture me. I of course always refused to cooperate knowing what would come next. She’d say, “Well I’ll just have to search for them myself then. Maybe you have them in here”, reaching down into my underwear feeling my dick and balls moving her hand around and pulling on my shaft now and again. She’d reach under my balls and squeeze my ass too. She would just generally grope me till I was hard as a rock. She seemed fascinated with my dick. Once erect she’d pull my underwear down and off and tie me with my shaft waving around in the air to a big chair we had in the den with my legs spread apart. She’d then usually gag me. She’d tie me down so well I could not get lose even if I really wanted too (not that I really wanted too anyway!). I’d “mmmphfff” through my gag and struggle playing the part but she'd always get her way of course. She’d tickle and slap my rock hard shaft, yank on it, stroke it and touch it till I was near orgasm. She always would stop right before and not let me come! She’d do it for what felt like hours sometimes. She’d keep me that way slowly stroking me telling me I had to confess or else. Finally after making me beg for it, flexing in my chair, she would finally let me come shooting my load like a gusher through the air, and sometimes all over me if she felt like it and pointed it back at me. One time she took out a buzzing silver egg looking thing that had a cord (later I found out it was a vibrator!) and held it on my anus while stroking me with baby oil till I came with a gut wrenching orgasm. We called the game Persuasion. It was so bad of us but yet still remains some of my most memorable sexual memories.



