Voyeurs Ball
by its_jess_me©

The weekend had finally arrived! I'd been waiting for it since Tuesday, the day I found out about the big party at my step-dads ranch. It was to celebrate the new record deal that my brother's band just received, and also to celebrate my 25th birthday. I arrived Friday night and helped set things up for the party the next night.

There was going to be quite a few people at this party. One person in particular, the guitarists sister, was going to be there. I've had the hots for her for a long time. From the moment I heard she was going to be there my pussy started to tingle. We had fooled around the last time there was a party here, and I was looking forward to picking up where we left off, and hopefully going a lot further.

It seemed like Saturday went by in slow motion, every minute seemed like it took an hour to pass. I was really excited, and as the evening drew closer, I grew wetter. I had to change my panties twice, just from imagining the things we would do to each other. People started arriving around 8:30 pm, and each time the front door would open my pussy would bubble, eagerly awaiting Cheryl's arrival. 

By 10 pm most of the guests had pretty much arrived, yet she still wasn't here, and I was starting to feel disappointed. By 11 pm I had given up waiting on her and started to dance and party. As I was walking back from the dance floor, some guy bumped into me, and his drink spilt all over me.

I was drenched through to my skin, so I went up to my old bedroom and took off my wet clothes. Since I go up the ranch so frequently I maintain my room and keep a supply of clean clothes to wear. I was all sticky from the drink so I went into the en-suite and quickly showered, leaving my dry clothes on the bed. After my shower I was looking for a towel to dry off, and realised they were in the laundry.

As I went to the linen closet to get a clean towel, the door to my room suddenly flew open, and this couple started to come in. Quickly I darted into the closet and closed the door, leaving it open a crack, so I could look out to see what they were doing in my bedroom.

When I looked out I was surprised to see them standing ten feet in front of me kissing and fondling each other. His hands were roaming over her tight ass pulling her to him and grinding his crotch into hers. She was really turned on, and was moaning into his kisses:

"Oh God, Rick I'm so fucking horny, I need you to fuck me right now. Just gimme that fucking cock you stud, oh God, please fuck me!!" 

In one swift motion he picked her up and carried her to the bed. He dropped her on the bed, then he started to remove his clothes. When he got to his pants she took over, the impatience showing on her face as she waited for him to finish. 

She unbuckled him like a pro. Then she reached into his jockeys, grabbed hold of his hard cock and pulled it downward like the lever of a slot machine. This caused his shorts to slide to the floor at the same time. 

Once his pants and shorts were off she leaned forward and began licking the underside of his cock, from his balls to the head. She looked up at him with a hungry look in her eyes then greedily devoured his whole cock, driving it down her throat and sucking loudly on it as she withdrew. 

Her mouth was moving like it was possessed, and his cock throbbed wildly as it appeared and disappeared into her mouth. She would bring his cock to the verge of her lips and swirl her tongue around the throbbing purple head, then slam her mouth back down on it again. 

"Oh fuck baby yes!!! Oh God! Suck me you fucking hot little bitch!" He moaned as his hands grasped the back of her head, and pushed her down farther on his cock." You're such a hot little whore!" He grunted as he tossed his head back. She just moaned in response, and sucked harder.

Her slurping, and choking noises were getting me very horny and when her hand went down to rub her pussy, my hand instinctively went to my mine. My fingers slipped inside my folds with ease as I was already soaked. I could see her pussy glistening with her sweet wetness, and I could hear the sloppy squishing sounds her fingers made as they moved around in her wet cunt. 

I wanted to just open the door and go suck her soaking pussy, but I didn't have the nerve to walk out of the closet. My passion was growing rapidly and my knees soon became too wobbly to stand so I slid down the wall to the floor. Leaning against the wall for support, my fingers eagerly explored my core. They were digging deeper into my seething fuck-hole, earnestly teasing my g spot, then pulling out to rake over my throbbing clit, before returning back to my depths. 

My eyes were glued to this sexy woman, her fingers digging into her cunt as she greedily sucked him hard and deep. He was on the verge of coming, and she sensed it. She pulled his cock out of her mouth with such a quick jolt it made a popping sound. She stopped sucking him for a moment and began to strip her clothes off. 

When she was naked she pushed him to the bed, and then climbed up and onto his cock. She had the head of his massive and throbbing cock poised at the opening of her cunt, then in one swift motion he was buried to his balls inside her. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she let out a low guttural scream as his cock disappeared into her.

"Oh fuck yes!! Oh my God! Fuck me Rick! It feels so good!!

"Mmm oh fuck baby, your cunt is so hot!" he replied as he held her hips and they rocked along in a beautiful tempo. 

His hands guided her hips up and down, and her wetness was clear to see as her cunt slid up and down on his throbbing cock. She leaned down and he took one of her nipples in his mouth and started sucking feverishly. After sucking both her nipples until they were as hard as erasers, he pushed her off, and rolled her over, lifting her ass high in the air. 

She reached back behind and guided his cock into her, gasping loudly as his manhood filled her cunt from behind. She was screaming: "Fuck me big boy, fuck me hard!" He moaned loudly as his cock plunged deep into her wet pussy. He was fucking her for all he was worth, slamming into her fuck-hole with such fervor that the bed rocked back and forth and his huge balls were slapping loudly against her clit with each stroke. 

My fingers were pounding into my cunt with lightening speed as I watched him pound her pussy, wishing his huge cock was inside of me instead. I had three fingers sliding in and out of my core as my other hand was pinching and pulling my swollen clit. I was matching his rhythm and every stroke he made, my fingers would follow suit. 

It didn't take long before he was ready to come, and his strokes became slower and more deliberate. I tried to slow my tempo but I couldn't, I was on the verge of orgasm and there was no stopping it. I tried to time myself to come at the same time as them, but he was wasn't able to wait for me.

"Oh fuck baby, I'm gonna cum!!" he groaned loudly. 

"Mmm!! Yes oh God! Fill my cunt, give me that hot cum you fucking hot stud! I want every drop!" she hissed, as her pussy tightened it's grip on his cock. 

A few strokes later they both erupted in a beautiful earth shattering orgasm. Seeing them both shaking violently in orgasm caused me to go over the top also. My cunt tightened and my body tensed as wave after orgasmic wave surged through me. My hand was dripping with my cunt cream as it flowed like a river from deep within. 

As my orgasm subsided and I lay there slowly regaining my senses, I began licking my fingers clean. I then noticed that she was back to sucking his softened cock, she was licking it like an ice cream. Soon her mouth had achieved it's desired goal and he was as hard as a rock.

For the first time I saw his cock standing at full mast by itself, I was impressed with how big it actually was. It was a good 10 inches long and 2 inches in diameter, it was the biggest cock I had ever seen. It was all I could do not to barge out of the closet and wrap my cunt around it. 

Just as she took his cock in her mouth, we were all startled by the door swinging open. A woman entered the room and then she just froze. She stood silent for a few seconds, then without a word she closed the door, and just stripped off her clothes. 

She walked straight over to the couple, and I got my first glimpse of her. I was shocked to see it was Cheryl. She had finally made it to the party, and her brother had told her I was upstairs changing. She had come up to my room hoping to catch me naked, which unknown to her she did, but found the couple naked instead.

She walked up to the woman and kissed her deeply on the lips. The kiss lingered for quite awhile as their tongues playfully danced and fenced with each others. Then she went to him and kissed him in the same manner.

After breaking off the kiss she dropped to her knees and took his hard throbbing cock into her mouth, her tongue busily swirling around the head of his huge cock, then sucking his cock deep down her throat. He started to rub his hand over her cunt, with his fingers digging into her core as he rubbed.

The other woman didn't waste any time in sliding under Cheryl's body, and slipping her tongue into Cheryl's wet pussy. His fingers gave way to the woman's tongue and soon Cheryl's cunt was soaking wet and dripping with her nectar. 

My fingers in the meantime were busily stuffing themselves deep into my cunt once again. My clit was on fire, it was throbbing wildly and hard as a rock as my fingers pinched and twisted it. I was moaning audibly and was sure they heard me, but they just kept on fucking away, totally oblivious to their audience. 

I was so horny that my juices were forming a puddle on the floor and it was all I could smell in the closet. I had 4 fingers in my depths and my cunt was still needing more. My moaning was getting louder and it was all I could do to keep quiet. I tucked my thumb into my palm and started to push my fist into my wet hole, feeling it stretching as it filled my hungry cunt. 

Cheryl had the guy on the verge of coming, and the woman was working to achieve the same to her. I heard Cheryl moaning: "Oh God! Lick my cunt you dirty bitch! Mmm yes that's it!! Oh God more, mmm yes! Bite my clit!"

"Oh fuck baby I'm gonna cum all over your face!" The guy hissed as his eyes rolled back in his head. "Oh shit I'm cumming!!" he grunted as he filled Cheryl's mouth with his hot cum. 

She drank his come for all she was worth and swallowed as much as she could, before letting the rest drip down her chin. That was all she could take, as she began shaking in a violent orgasm and flooding the woman's face. 

After a few minutes they changed positions and Cheryl rolled over with her ass in the air and her face in the woman's glistening pussy. He moved in behind Cheryl and stuffed his big cock into her cunt in one swift motion, as the woman started grinding her pussy hard on Cheryl's lips, force feeding Cheryl her wet pussy. 

Watching the three of them fucking and sucking was more than I could handle. My cunt started to flow like a river at the sight of her sucking and licking the other woman's pussy, while he fucked hers. 

My fist was pushing deep into my core, but I couldn't satisfy the fire burning in my pussy. I was pumping my fist, opening and closing it, and pushing it in and out of my cunt so fast I was sure they could hear the squishing of my pussy. 

I began pinching my nipples with my other hand as I pumped my fist into my cunt. I watched Cheryl now greedily sucking on this woman's pussy as the guy was steadily fucking her from behind. His cock driving into her cunt with such force her face was mashed into the woman's pussy with each stroke. I was frantically pushing my fist into my cunt, rolling my nipples in my fingers as I was getting closer to cumming. 

Staying quiet had grown increasingly difficult as my passion began to build to a climax. They were all moaning loudly, so it was masking my moans, but I still tried to keep quiet. 

Suddenly my cunt tightened, my body began shaking, as I started coming hard. At the same time they began to all cum as well, all of them moaning loudly as they collapsed in a heap. I lay there panting, trying desperately to catch my breath.

I watched as they cleaned each other off and straightened up before they all kissed one last time, and the couple left the room. Cheryl stayed behind and went into the bathroom for a few minutes, then came back into the bedroom. 

She looked over at the closet I was in and came towards it; she opened the door and smiled at me as she asked if I had enjoyed the show. She stood for a moment staring at my naked sweaty body, then slid her fingers into my pussy and said: 

"No need to answer! I can see that you did." 

"How did you know I was here?" I asked 

She said: "I could hear you moaning, and I heard your fingers squishing in your cunt when you were cumming." 

I was embarrassed and started to apologize but she just put a cum soaked finger to my lips, and told me it turned her on knowing I was watching. She said that knowing I was there had made her cum even harder. She then helped me out of the closet, locked the door to the bedroom and then led me by my hand to the bed. 

She gently pushed me to the bed and quickly laid down on top of me, pinning me to the bed. She moved my wrists up above my head and tied them there, then tied my ankles wide apart. After she was done she laid down between my legs and began licking my thighs, her mouth never quite coming in contact with my eager pussy.

For the rest of the night she forced orgasm after orgasm out of me. When she finally allowed me to stop coming, I was so worn out that I just passed out. She left me tied to the bed and laid down beside me and went to sleep as well. 

The next morning I woke up to her sucking on my nipples, and her fingers in my pussy. I begged her to let me go, but she just smiled and continued sucking and fingering me. I was still sensitive from the night before, and in no time I was cumming like a wild banshee. She lay there petting me, her head lay on my heaving breasts as I lay panting, slowly regaining my senses.

After I had recovered, she told me she would release me if I promised to stay with her for the rest of the weekend. I agreed, so she released me. After freeing me, we went down stairs and got some food. We brought it up to the room and that was the last anyone saw of us for the rest of the weekend. 
