Discovering Kara Pt. 05: The Park
by the_ontarian

Kara gets into a sticky situation out in public.

Thursday, 10:47pm

I was lying in bed and fighting to keep my eyes open as I read from my Kindle. My phone was resting on the charging pad on my nightstand when it buzzed loudly.

I didn't even look over. Whatever email or message it was could wait until the morning. A minute later, it buzzed again. Then a few more buzzes in quick succession. Ugh. I reached over to turn on 'Do Not Disturb' mode. While I had it in my hand it buzzed again. The notification on the lock screen read:

karalikestowatch: please please pleeeease

Well, that woke me up! I hadn't heard from Kara since our session on Monday night. It had been a hell of a way to start my week, and our encounter had dominated my thoughts (and fuelled a few "me time" sessions) in the days since. Any message from her was one I was going to pay attention to - but this was a strange one. I sat up, tapped the notification and unlocked the phone. My Telegram app launched and I could see a series of urgent-sounding texts from Kara.

Will, I need some help

Oh god, I hope you're around. Don't ignore me please

Answer!!

please please pleeeease

I replied immediately.

Me: You OK? What's wrong?

Kara: O thank god. I need you to meet me

Was this another of her games? It seemed a little out of character to hit me up later at night.

Me: Meet you where? What's happening?

Kara: I'll send my location.

Me: Tell me what's going on

Kara: You'll see. It's embarrassing

She sent a Google Maps link. I opened it. The pin dropped on Williams Community Park. Why was she in a public park? This felt sketchy, but everything she'd led me towards had worked out pretty well so far - and after the last adventure at the spa with her and Jenny, things seemed to be escalating. This girl had me wrapped around her finger. She was so damned hot and adventurous... but we hadn't fucked yet and I was going to keep playing her games until we did. I knew I was going to be in my car momentarily.

Me: The park?

Kara: Will, please. Just come. It will make sense when you get here.

Me: OMW, give me 20.

I got out of bed, quickly brushed my teeth and dressed quickly. I jump in the car and hit the road. The town was pretty quiet, as you might expect for the 'burbs on a Thursday night, and I made good time getting to the park. I pulled into the lot - there were a couple of cars parked, but they were empty. It was pretty dark and I couldn't see into the park - the only illumination was provided by the lights scattered throughout the park. The only thing really visible at a distance was a group of guys moving around on the the well-lit basketball court. How the hell was I supposed to find Kara like this? I messaged her.

Me: I'm in the parking lot. Where are you?

She replied almost immediately.

Kara: In the washroom.

Me: OK. I'll wait here.

Kara: Umm... this is kinda where I need help. I'm stuck in here.

Me: Stuck? Like is the lock broken or something?

Kara: No. Can you just come in here please?

I wasn't sure if this was a genuine plea for help or if she was roping me into another exhibitionistic game. My cock was hoping it was the latter, but the chivalrous part of me was fine with it being the former. Nothing wrong with scoring some brownie points with your new playmate. I mean, she had let me cum on her face while her friend fucked her with a dildo. She had jerked me off onto Jenny's twat and let me record her licking it clean - that was enough to earn a solid favour, right?

Me: omw

Kara: My hero xo. I'll make it worth your while.

I liked the sound of that - a lot. I headed across the open expanse of grass towards the facilities building. The basketball court was right in front of the building and I took a quick glance at the young men playing under the lights as I passed by, undeterred by the cool night temperature. Something occurred to me as I got to the building.

Me: Hey, I can't go into the women's washroom...

Kara: I'm in the men's. Second stall. I don't think there's anyone else in here.

The plot thickened. I didn't reply as I entered the men's room. The place was empty, but the door on the second stall was closed.

"Kara?"

"Will, thank god. I need you to lock the door."

"Umm, OK." I turned the latch on the inside of the door. Seconds later, the stall door opened and Kara stepped out. My heart skipped when I saw that she was naked save for some running shoes. Her phone was in her hand. She didn't say a word, looking at me shyly. I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were erect - my cock was following suit. 

I chuckled and said "well, I'm sure there's a story here."

She blushed and laughed back. "There is, there is."

"Well, I don't mind saying that I feel a little honoured that you called me instead of Jenny. Unless this is another setup? Not that I'd mind."

"Hah, no - this is a legit call for help. And, full disclosure, I would've called Jenny first but she's out of town. Thanks for being so cool about this, though. I'm kind of embarrassed right now to be honest."

I was surprised to hear that. "Embarrassed? Why? Based on our last few times together, I'd have said that you're pretty, um... open about things."

"I am. But I was in control of those situations. This one has been thrust upon me. I'm kinda mad at myself for chickening out."

"Chickening out?"

She blushed. A woman who'd masturbated in a coffee shop washroom, who'd come to orgasm while seated in a restaurant, who'd made a display of having her pussy shaved by her friend... was blushing.

"OK. Well. I've been doing this thing where I sit out here at night and get myself off." Whoa. Risky. Maybe even flat-out dangerous? Masturbating while naked in a public park - even under cover of darkness - was a long way from getting off in a coffee shop bathroom with the door locked.

"Has anyone ever seen you?"

"No. I was kinda hoping that someone would watch me sometime though. No one can really see me that well when it starts getting dark out so it's kinda sexy, y'know? I'm hidden, but not so much that you couldn't tell what I'm doing if you took a good look. Plus I can pull my dress down if I need to cover up quickly."

"I can't help but notice that you're not actually wearing a dress at the moment."

She ignored my attempt at humour. "I felt like I needed a little more tonight. I wanted to push my boundaries so I took my dress right off. You've motivated me to try new things."

I've motivated her? But she was the one running things so far! She'd initiated and controlled every one of our encounters. The coffee shop, the restaurant, the spa - I'd been put up to these things by her. Maybe she was getting more out of this than I thought. Was it possible that having me as a new, willing playmate was pushing her to new heights (or depths, depending on your perspective)? As surprised as I was, I kept a poker face.

Kara continued. "Sitting there fully naked had me so turned on that I lost myself in the moment. When I heard all these dudes coming toward the basketball court, I panicked. I forgot about my dress and ran. I'd be cool with showing off for one guy - I could handle one guy if he got pushy or whatever. But I'm not up for fending off a group. So here we are."

She shrugged nonchalantly, as if this were just your garden-variety mishap.

"At least you remembered your phone," I said.

"Thank god. It was already in my hand when I bolted. I was making a video." She was looking at me with a bit of a smirk now. Guess she'd gotten over her embarrassment. "Wanna see?"

"Show me."

"Come over here and watch." She beckoned me with a wagging finger. I stood behind her to look over her shoulder. Kara held up her phone and tapped the screen. Her pussy appeared, spread wide and lit by the faintest glow from the lights that dotted the park. Two fingers entered the frame, sliding over her lips before pushing inside. I pressed gently into her naked body, hoping that she could feel my cock bulging through my jeans. When she pressed her ass back against me, I knew that she could. Emboldened, I wrapped an arm around her and gently let my fingertips play over her belly. Kara's breathing was becoming heavier. The video was brief. When it ended, Kara spoke first. "Can I tell you a secret, Will?"

"Of course."

Kara turned to face me and said, "I'm still wet". She put her phone down on the counter, moved her hand between her legs and swiped a finger between her pussy lips. She held it out to me to show me her wetness. "See?" She lifted her finger to her lips to taste herself. Before her hand could reach its mark, I reached out and grabbed her wrist. I looked into her eyes - they were on fire, blazing into me. I pulled her hand toward me and sucked her finger, tasting the proof of her arousal.

"Mmm, I like that, Will. Taking what you want from me."

"I thought you liked being in control," I responded playfully.

"I like giving up control when it's my choice. That's a type of control of its own, isn't it?"

"I suppose it is."

"I'd bet you like to take control sometimes. Don't you Will?"

"And I'd bet you'd love to have shown your pussy to that whole group of guys if you knew you were safe."

She blushed again. I was getting under her skin.

"Maybe."

"Your dress still on the bench?"

"Jesus, I hope so."

I took my hoodie off and handed it to her. "Cover up with this and hide out in the stall again. I'll be quick. I doubt anyone will come in but at least you'll be covered up just in case."

"My hero," she said. She blew me a kiss - now I was the one who was blushing. "Shit. My purse is out there too."

"I'm on it."

She zipped up the hoodie and turned towards the stall. It hung just past her thighs, but it was clear she was nude beneath it. I liked the look - there was something erotic about seeing her barely-covered. I unlocked the door and made a beeline for the bench. It wasn't far from the building at all and I covered the distance quickly. Sure enough, Kara's sundress was sitting there in a bunch atop her purse. I loosely covered the purse with the dress and held both tight to my side as I strode back into the washroom. A couple of the guys from the basketball court looked my way - I'm sure I looked sketchy as hell, going in-and-out of the washroom. They probably figured it was a drug deal or Grindr hookup.

Once back inside, I locked the door. "Your conquering hero has returned." Kara emerged once again. I held up the dress. "Trade ya for my hoodie?"

"Deal." She unzipped the hoodie and handed it back to me. I offered the dress. As she reached for it, I yanked it away.

Kara tilted her head and arched an eyebrow. Cute. I didn't know she could that adorable one-eyebrow thing. I knew that I held all of the cards (or clothes, I guess) and she had all but told me that was up for giving up control to me. I put my hoodie and her purse on the counter and held up the dress in front of her. I was thankful for the flimsy material of her dress as I ripped off a long strip from around the hem. Kara gasped. I kept the strip in one hand and tossed the dress aside. "Turn around."

She did. I wrapped the strip around her head and fastened it at the back, covering her eyes "Can you see?"

"Not really."

"Am I making you nervous?" I wanted to push things forward but not at the expense of blowing it up altogether. I wanted her to enjoy this.

"Kind of. But in a good way. I like it. Keep going if you want."

I wanted.

I placed my hands gently on her shoulders and turned her toward me. I stepped to the door and unlocked it. The latch clicked loudly as it released. Kara jolted at the sound.

"Do you want those men to see you like this?"

She said nothing. I persisted.

"Do you want them to see you fully-exposed? Blindfolded? Helpless?"

Silence still. But I knew the answer.

I took her hand and guided her towards the door. The cool night air slipped in as I opened it slowly. Its effects on Kara's exposed skin were obvious - her nipples tightened up and she was covered in goosebumps.

"Will. Wait." I let the door swing close. "Just touch me for a sec. Please, I need it." A desperate, pleading look had crept onto her face.

"Should I lock the door again?"

Kara looked at me. Her silence told me she was debating her answer. Being naked outside, shielded by the dark of the night and with your clothes at the ready - that was one thing. Being naked in a public washroom while a man pleasures you - that was something else altogether.

Finally, a small voice.

"No."

I knew this was a risk for me too. Getting caught in here could be trouble for both of us, but I was confident that no one would walk in here. And if anyone did, it would be another guy. And I doubted that another guy would rat us out. So, a risk... but worth it. I turned to her and slid my hands down her sides. I let my left slip around her back and come to rest on the small of her back. My right slid across her belly. I detoured briefly to tweak a nipple, eliciting a giggle. Moving back down, I ran my fingers over her mons. Kara moved her legs apart slightly and I dragged a finger gently along her slightly-parted lips.

This was new. Our previous encounters had been red-hot but I'd not touched her as intimately as I was now. Feeling her under my fingers fuelled my own desire and my dick was pressing insistently against my jeans. I slid along her lips, drawing low moans. The blindfold added an unexpected element of eroticism - she was putting a lot of trust in me at this moment. I pressed my middle finger against her opening. As I was about to finally slide into her... she suddenly pulled away. Taking a step backwards, Kara removed the blindfold. I was confused, and concerned that she'd changed her mind.

I shouldn't have worried.

She spread the hoodie across the counter and hopped up. She leaned back, supporting herself with her hands, and pulled her feet up on the counter. She was spread wide in front of me. I could see her wetness trickling down. There would be no quick covering up if someone walked in - she was fully on display for anyone to see.

I stepped in front of her and eased my finger into her. Her pussy felt amazing. So wet. So warm. So willing. I beckoned inside her, hoping to brush against her g-spot. Kara hissed something incomprehensible. I soon switched my tactic and began a proper finger-fucking as she whimpered. I could feel her heat rising. This position - her knees bent and spread - was perfect. I was able to push deeply into her. I added a second finger, gradually increasing the speed and intensity with which I was driving into her. I loved watching her face, seeing the evidence of the pleasure I was giving her.

Kara's eyes were shut tight so she didn't see it coming when I leaned in and took her left nipple between my teeth, gently pulling and twisting. Her eyes flew open and she shrieked and laughed.

"Oh, you naughty boy. Caught me off-guard!"

"My plan exactly."

She balanced her weight on one hand now, moving the other around to work her clit while I continued driving my fingers. Soon, a flush overtook her body and I knew she was about to come. Right when I felt she was about to hit her climax, she reached out and pushed me away.

I looked at her inquisitively. Saying nothing, she grinned and slid down from the counter. She grabbed my hoodie and threw it on the ground in front of me.

"Don't you worry - you make me feel good, and I'll get mine later. But for now... take your dick out."

I was stunned into inaction. Kara moved her hand between her legs and idly petted her pussy while looking at me intently.

"Take your dick out. I see how hard you are."

She glanced down at my crotch, where my cock was visibly trying to burst through the fabric. I snapped back to reality and pushed my jeans to the floor. My boxers barely contained me.

In a sing-song tone, Kara said "almost there." And then she dropped to her knees in front of me. "Let me help." She tugged at the waistband, watching it strain as it slid over my erect member. Soon, it was exposed and pointing at her face. She looked up at me with a smirk and wrapped her fingers loosely around my shaft.

"Well, I'd say it worked out in our favour that Jenny's out of town," she said.

"That makes two of us."

She laughed and began gently stroking me.

"Speaking of Jenny... did you like cumming on her little pussy?"

I was beginning to lose my words as Kara's hand worked my dick. I nodded and grunted my agreement. "I know she liked it too, Will. She told me she watches the video you took." Images of Jenny plunging her fingers into her wet twat while watching me cum flooded my mind. I groaned as Kara tightened her grip. "And did you like cumming on my face?"

"Yeah." Wow, I'd managed a whole word.

"Oh good, so did I. The pictures you took are hot. I like seeing my face with your cum all over it."

Kara put her idle left hand to use, moving up to delicately trace along my balls with her fingernails. I shuddered. She giggled and said "seems like someone likes that. Tell me if you like this next thing." At that, she extended her tongue and licked along the underside of my shaft. I liked it - a lot. She continued licking, letting her tongue work its way around until my cock was shining. Kara looked up at me from on her knees. It was a sight that years of porn had trained me to find extraordinarily fucking hot - and she knew it.

She resumed stroking and asked "do you think I can make you cum on my face again? Or was that just a one-time thing?" What a little tease. She knew the answer but wanted to hear me say it.

"Uh-huh."

"Uh-huh? What does that mean?" Her voice had taken on a playful, teasing tone.

"You can make me cum on your face."

"Mmm, I'll bet that I can."

Kara gave me another long lick and then took me between her lips. Her first movement was patient and deliberate. She took her time guiding me deep into her mouth before pulling back ever-so-slowly. She repeated the movement, but a little faster this time. Again and again she worked along my shaft, increasing her speed.

My eyes were closed as I lost myself in the feeling. Hearing her moan snapped me back to attention and I looked down to see that she was masturbating while she sucked my cock. Each time she moaned, a gentle vibration radiated along my shaft - and when she started swirling her tongue around me while she sucked, it was almost too much to take.

Kara had skills, and the wait to get to experience them had proved to be worth it. I focused on the sensation, each movement she made firing pleasure straight to my brain. She stopped bobbing on my cock and looked up at me. The sight of her looking up at me, doe-eyed and with my hard dick between her lips was being burned into my memory. She slid off of me, but quickly replaced her mouth with her right hand.

"You're loving this, aren't you?" she asked.

"Mm-hmm."

"Look how wet I am." She loved showing me that she was turned on. She pulled her left hand from between her legs and displayed two glistening fingers while she continued working my dick with her right. I could feel a familiar sensation rising in my balls. I was almost there.

"I'm close."

Kara increased her speed and winked at me. "Cover me, Will."

I groaned loud and long as I came. Kara held my cock, aiming it to ensure that no shots went where they weren't intended to land: on her face. She wanted all of it, and I made sure she got it. Cum laced across her nose and lips before she turned one cheek and then the other into the path of my ropes. As my orgasm subsided, she wiped a shot off of her closed eye and giggled.

"Wow, that felt like a lot," she said.

"It was. You inspired me. And thank you." I may have just unloaded on her face in a public washroom, but I was still a gentleman after all! Saying 'thank you' was just good manners.

I reached out for her hand and helped her up. She was a mess. Turning, she stood in front of the mirror. I wrangled my boxers over my deflating cock and pulled up my pants before moving behind her and placing my hands on her hips. Kara squealed in delight upon seeing herself. "Holy fuck, that is sexy. Get my phone." I picked it up from the counter and handed it to her. "Do you think we should show Jenny what we got up to tonight?"

I smirked and said "well, only if you don't think we'll be interrupting her trip."

 "I'm willing to risk it," she replied with a laugh. "You can do the honours." She tapped at her phone before handing it back to me. She'd opened a Telegram conversation with jennyvieve and the app's internal camera was open.

I knew what our first photo would be. "Face the mirror," I instructed. Kara dutifully returned to her former post. I stood beside her, and - making sure we were both in the frame - snapped a pic. I showed it to Kara. Both of us smiling, but only one of us nude and covered in jizz. "I think we look pretty good. Shall I send it?"

"Do it."

I sent it and set her phone back on the counter.

"You can take some pics for yourself too if you want, Will."

Yes! I pulled my phone from my pocket and fired up the camera.

Kara looked into the lens, putting a coquettish look on her face: chin tilted down, finger hooked in half-open mouth, eyes wide and inviting. An innocent visage, covered in my cum. So. Fucking. Sexy. I snapped the photo. She stepped in for a closeup. Turning in profile to the lens, she curled her tongue out through parted lips into a gob of cum that was resting just within reach of its tip. I snapped a few photos this time.

I let the phone drop momentarily. I couldn't resist asking. "You like playing porn star, don't you?" Kara didn't reply, instead just exaggeratedly batting her eyes. Her phone chimed. Kara picked it up and chuckled as she read the message on the screen.

"I think we're making Jenny jealous." She held out the phone to me. I read the message from Jenny.

Jenny: Fuck that is hot. I'm missing out!

"Sure sounds that way," I replied in agreement. Kara took her phone back and tapped out a message to Jenny. She waited, eyes locked to the screen while she awaited the reply. One arrived shortly, to which Kara quickly replied. She giggled and put the phone back down.

And then she knelt down on the hoodie once again. I moved in front of her and captured some pics of her looking up into the lens, variously running a finger through the mess on her face and sucking it off her finger. She never broke eye contact with the lens. Then she reached up and undid my belt. Uh-oh. I mean, my refractory period was reasonably short but it had only been a few minutes since I orgasmed - hope she wasn't expecting too much out of me right away.

"Jenny will be disappointed if we don't show her your dick." First of all, "we"? And secondly... she'd be disappointed? Kara seemed to be reading my mind, continuing "she told me how much she liked it after last time." Memories of Kara making me cum all over Jenny's pussy flashed across my mind. Kara pulled my pants and underwear down in one fell swoop, leaned in and licked along my length.

I needn't have worried about being able to get hard again. The long, slow movements of Kara's tongue gradually brought me back to life. Soon, I was fully hard and Kara looked up at me.

"Don't forget your duties, Mr. Photographer."

I began snapping as Kara opened her mouth and slid my cock inside. She shut her eyes and let a blissful look overtake her face, as if she had just discovered an amazing new flavour. But it was clear that this part of our night was just a photoshoot. No sucking or stroking me this time. She wasn't trying to please me - but I think she was getting her own pleasure by getting to show off for the camera. My dick was just a prop... not that I was complaining. I continued to capture Kara playing with my cock (for Jenny's benefit, no doubt): sliding it through the cum on her face, resting it on her outstretched tongue, wrapping her fingers around it. I was in no danger of cumming, but was having a blast watching Kara pose for the camera.

 Satisfied that she'd have enough material to send to Jenny, she unceremoniously released my dick and stood up. She picked up her phone again while I buttoned up. Moments later, mine dinged - I'd been invited into a group chat with her and Jenny. I accepted the invite without hesitation.

Jenny: Well, there he is. Hello again, Lucky Boy"

I chuckled inwardly at her using the nickname she'd given me at the spa.

Me: I certainly have been lucky lately.

Kara: It was me who was lucky tonight. Will bailed me out of a sticky situation.

Jenny: I dunno, you look pretty sticky in that picture...

Kara: Haha. Aren't you clever?

Jenny: And bored. Just killing time in my hotel room. Glad you two came along.

Me: Happy to provide some entertainment.

"Speaking of entertainment, why don't you send her a few more pics from your phone?" asked Kara. I opened Telegram's media picker and selected a few photos - making sure that my cock was well-represented, of course - and sent them into the group chat.

Kara looked down at her phone. "Nice choices." We both went silent in anticipation of Jenny's response. Our phones dinged in tandem.

Jenny: Well look at you, you little slut. What a show-off!

Kara: What? It's not like I'm showing off my pussy or anything.

Jenny: Oh, it's all perfectly innocent then lol.

I was enjoying observing the back-and-forth between them.

Kara: Like you wouldn't have done the same if you were here!

Jenny: Guilty as charged lol

Kara: Of course!

Jenny: Especially with that lovely cock

Kara looked up and winked at me. "Told ya she liked it." My grin must've rivalled the Cheshire Cat's.

Kara: It is a nice one. I wonder if I'll get to fuck it?

My heart skipped a beat and I looked to Kara - she purposely avoided my gaze, keeping her eyes fixed on her phone. I wanted to say something but bit my tongue.

Jenny: Where the hell are you guys??

Kara: Never you mind. I'll tell you the whole tale when I see you."

Jenny: Did you get off yet, K?

Kara: Not yet.

Jenny: Will! You aren't one of those selfish guys who doesn't reciprocate, are you?

I was typing my reply when Kara jumped in.

Kara: Now, now, J. Will's done everything that I've asked of him so far. He's not holding out on me. I'm good.

Jenny: You're good?!??

Kara: Don't worry about me. I've got a plan. Want to watch?"

Jenny: Hell yes girl

Kara: Heh. Figured you'd be game. Hang on.

Kara ended the group chat and turned to me. "Video call her. Grab our stuff. And follow my lead." I initiated the video call with Jenny. She was wearing a hotel-issue bathrobe and sitting up against the headboard of her bed. I greeted her with a simple "hey".

"Hey yourself"

"Ready to found out what Kara's got in store for us?"

"Mmm-hmm. She always seems to make it worthwhile, doesn't she?"

Kara squeezed in beside me so that Jenny could see us both. "I do like putting on a good show!"

Jenny and I both laughed. Kara looked at me and said, "OK. Let's go." I shoved the makeshift blindfold into my pocket, threw the hoodie and her dress over my arm and grabbed her purse. I followed her as she headed towards the door. She opened it tentatively, letting the cool air into the room. I turned the camera onto her.

I heard Jenny exclaim, "oh boy! Are you guys going outside? Fun!"

Kara stuck her head out and looked around. Satisfied with what she saw, she stepped outside. This was it. Naked and with a face full of cum, she was out in public. I followed as she took a few more steps, moving beyond the illumination provided by the lights on the building and into the dim gray night. I could see that the number of players on the basketball court had thinned out and there were only three guys left. They weren't even playing anymore, just standing around in conversation.

Jenny was protesting. "I can't see anything in the dark dummy. Turn on your light."

That was going to draw some attention to be sure.

"Kara? Can I put my light on you?" I felt like I needed to check with her first. After all, she was the one at risk here.

She turned to face me. The camera captured her vague silhouette in the darkness. She approached me and whispered into my ear "I want the blindfold first."

"It's in my pocket."

Kara reached in and retrieved it, making sure to press up against me as she did. She put it on and stepped back. "OK. Go ahead."

I turned on my phone's flashlight. It did a surprisingly good job. Her naked body was clearly visible now, the camera no longer fighting against the darkness. "That's more like it," said Jenny. "You look amazing, K. You're making me wet."

Then, a man's voice: "holy shit, look!". Kara had been spotted by one of the men on the court. Which I guess was part of the plan. The three guys were now all staring at Kara - but her blindfolded state prevented them from looking back. Did she know she was being watched What exactly was her endgame?

Kara broke her silence. "Take me back to the bench, Will." I moved beside her, put my hand on the small of her back and led her towards the bench. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw one of the guys from the court moving towards us. It didn't take long for him to close the gap. We reached the bench. I tossed my hoodie down and guided her onto the seat.

He ignored me altogether. "Miss, are you OK?"

I don't think either of us had expected a white knight. Kara giggled and said "oh yes, more than OK. Just having a little playtime." I zoomed the camera in on her face. The light bounced off the cum.

Jenny was itching to know what was happening. "Who's there? Are people watching? Gawd, that's fucking hot."

The guy spoke, suddenly seeming nervous after hearing Jenny's voice. "Are you guys live-streaming?"

"Just to a friend."

"Oh. OK." He paused. "Can my friends watch too?"

Kara answered, "of course, that's why I'm here. Just be cool. And no phones, OK?"

"OK, for sure. Thank you."

What a polite fellow. He had a naked, cum-covered woman in front of him and still he kept his manners. I'd almost forgotten that Kara had started her night on this bench, naked and masturbating, hoping that someone would find her. Wish granted.

Our new observer waved his friends over. They wasted no time hustling over. Kara now had four men watching her, but the blindfold prevented her from watching back. Without ceremony, she spread her legs wide, putting her pussy on display. I stepped in and moved the camera close, letting her cunt dominate the frame. Her lips were parted slightly, showing evidence of her arousal.

"Look at that cute little pussy," said Jenny. "Could probably use a nice, deep fucking right about now, huh?"

Kara moaned and locked eyes with me. She replied, "oh god yes. I would love some good dick." Was she asking me to fuck her right here on this bench, in front of these men? That was quite the leap. I was at a loss for words.

"I'll wait 'till you're back though, J. That way we can all play together."

Whoa. Was she promising me a threesome? We'd gotten pretty close at the spa, and Jenny had outright said that she wanted to watch me and Kara fuck. This pair sure knew how to keep me on edge. I heard Jenny moan.

Kara wasn't interested in teasing or being coy about what she was here for. She immediate shoved two fingers deep inside, releasing a guttural sigh as she did. Her other hand worked her clit aggressively. She was wasting no time - it was clear that orgasm was her only goal, and she began finger-fucking herself with fervor.

I stepped back to get Kara's whole body in the frame. Kara's audience watched raptly as she pounded her pussy. As promised, the men stayed respectful, happy to be observers. A few minutes in, it became clear that she was building to an eruption. Without warning, Kara reached up and yanked off the blindfold. Seeing the four men watching her masturbate was enough to push her over the edge. She plunged her fingers inside deeper still and held them tight as she came. Aware of our public setting, Kara did her best to keep her vocalizations low, turning them into low, long groans. Her eyes stayed open, taking in her audience as we watched her climax. This what what she wanted.

She shuddered as the last wave racked her body, then slumped down. "That was amazing," she said to no one in particular. She stood up, pulled her dress off my arm, pulled it over her head and walked back towards the washroom building - she was sure to go into the ladies' room this time. As she disappeared from view, I noticed that Jenny had disconnected from the call. I closed the app and put my phone into my pocket. I looked towards the three men, who were standing in a daze, unsure of what to do. "Thanks, fellas. Have a good night." They got the message and walked off towards the parking lot. I could faintly hear them talking in low voices as they left. I put Kara's purse down on the bench and slipped my hoodie back on.

In the silence, I replayed the night's events in my mind... but couldn't get past Kara telling Jenny that we would "all play together". I'd already watched them fuck each other. Jenny had brought Kara to orgasm with a dildo, and Kara returned the favour with her tongue. I had cum on both of them. The events of that night were the hottest things I've ever experienced, and that was without any actual sex. My mind reeled at what they could have in store.

"Hey." Kara was back from the ladies' room. "Sorry, just needed to get myself cleaned up. Probably shouldn't drive home with you all over my face."

How do you respond to that? "Probably," was my lame reply.

"Do you remember what my Telegram username is?"

"Of course. Karalikestowatch."

"That's right. Because I like to watch just as much as I like to show off." She did the arched-eyebrow thing again. I think she was waiting for me to reply but I wasn't sure what to say. I wasn't quite as adept at using my words to get my needs met as she was. "So, what are you going to show me, Will?".

I knew what she meant. But I wasn't quite as bold as her. I wasn't sure if I was willing to whip my dick out in public. But didn't I sort of owe it to her? After all, she'd had no problem sucking me off in a public washroom and capping it off by masturbating on a park bench - on camera, and in front of a group of strange men, no less.

She could read my hesitation. "There's no one out here." I looked around - she was right. Not a soul. She sat beside me on the bench. "Besides - Jenny wants to see it. Look." She pulled her phone out of her pocket. I guess they'd been chatting while she was in the ladies' room. The last message simply read:

Jenny: Make sure you show me when he cums.

Well then. I'm sure glad these two girls had found each other. I wonder how they came to discover their shared kinks? I didn't have much time to ponder the question before Kara reached over and ran her hand over my crotch. I was still semi-erect after watching her display.

"Mmm, feels like you might be about ready to go already. Don't be shy!"

I was still a little hesitant but my little head was soundly in control of my big one. I took one more look around and unzipped my fly. Kara's flashlight came on as I pushed my pants down.

"Are you going to call Jenny again?" I asked.

"Nah. I'm gonna take a video and share it with her. This way I'll be able to watch it again later, too."

That certainly caught my attention. Knowing that both Kara and Jenny would be watching a video of me cumming was causing me to get fully-hard, and fast. I pulled my cock out through the opening at the front of my boxers. Kara seemed to be reading my mind. As she recorded, she asked "I'd bet it makes you hard knowing that Jenny is going to be watching you jerk off."

"Yeah."

"Do you think she'll touch her pussy while she watches you?"

"I hope so."

Kara flipped the camera to self mode to address her friend. "Hear that, babe? He wants you to touch your pussy while you look at his cock." She turned the camera back to me. I began stroking myself with slow, even movements.

"Do you think I'll touch my pussy when I watch this again later?"

I could only give the same answer. "I hope so."

"Maybe Jenny and I will watch it together and touch each other's pussies. Would you like that?"

"Yeah." I was short on words, perhaps because my brain was too busy conjuring up the image of what that would look like. I began stroking faster.

"I just love playing with her. She's so sexy and fun. She's taught me a lot. I was always bit of a secret exhibitionist but she helped me be less shy about it." Same, girl - same.

Kara was enjoying teasing me with her words while she kept the camera fixed on my cock. "I don't think I'll ever really surpass her though." She laughed. "Y'know, in terms of sluttiness. She can get pretty wild."

Kara had sucked me off, walked outside with my cum all over her face and then got off in the middle of a park. Jenny could be wilder than that? Man.

I managed to speak. "Tell me."

"Hmm, OK. Let's see." She continued watching my hand work along my shaft while she pondered what to say next.

"Alright. Well, one time we went on a spring break trip together. The place had a swim-up bar. Y'know, the kind with all of the barstools in the pool? When you sit on them, your ass is like a foot below the surface so it's not super-obvious if there are, um, activities happening in the ol' bikini zone. Anyway, we're sitting at the bar having a few cocktails. It was our last day there. I didn't see it happen, but she tells me to look down - sure enough, she's ditched her bottoms and was sitting on them so they didn't float away."

"What about you?" I asked.

"Oh, I kept mine on. She said she liked the feeling of the water directly on her cooch. Whatever. Anyway, I get out of the pool to use the washroom. When I come back, there are two guys sitting on either side of her. It's spring break in Mexico so you can probably guess the type - big-time frat boy vibes. All muscles, hats on backwards, the whole nine yards. She isn't usually into jocks, but they had her being all flirty. Giggling, playing with her hair, touching their arms when they said something funny. I'm sure she was playing it up, but she seemed into it."

"And these guys didn't notice that she wasn't wearing any bottoms?"

"Well, like I said - her ass was below the water line. You might not have seen it from afar, but the pool is crystal clear and it would be hard not to notice when you're sitting right next to her. These dudes were eye-fucking her the whole time anyhow so I'm sure they'd taken a look."

This was certainly unusual. Here I was in the middle of story-time, trying to stay engaged while I stroked my dick. Honestly, I was thankful for the distraction - I wanted to put on a good show for Jenny and this was going to help delay the inevitable. I'm sure Jenny would get a kick out of hearing Kara relay her exploits to me, too.

"So I get back in the pool and swim over to the bar. Jenny introduces me to Chad and Chad or whatever the hell their names were. No one's interested in giving me my spot back so I sit on the other side of them so that we're arranged boy-girl-boy-girl. The guy next to me is polite and makes some small talk but he's really all about Jenny. Couldn't blame him. I mean, a girl sitting there without her bottoms on? Kind of an easy target, right?"

"Are you two competitive when it comes to guys?"

"Not even a little. Even if we were, I didn't really give a shit about these two anyhow. Plus it's always fun to watch Jenny work her magic."

"I can't wait to hear about some of the things she's taught you."

Kara ignored that. She'd kept her eyes on her phone throughout, no doubt making sure that my cock was in frame. Some precum had formed at the tip - she reached out and scooped it up up with her finger. She flipped the camera onto herself and made a show of licking it off.

"Mmm. It's yummy, Jenny." Flipping the camera back, she continued her story.

"So she's sitting there with these dudes. I'm getting kind of bored so I start chatting with this girl who's sitting a few stools over from me. I think her name was Fiona? Anyway, she's cool, we're talking about whatever when I notice that Jenny and the Chads have gone silent. I look over and see that she's got this blissed-out look on her face. She sees me looking over and does this quick little glance downwards. Sure enough, the guy on her left is playing with her pussy while his buddy is stroking her thigh."

"Wow. Right there in the pool?"

"Right there in the pool. Anyway, next thing you know the guy next to me has Jenny's hand in his and is holding it against his dick. Over his trunks, mind you, but you could still see that he was fluffing up nicely."

My cock was diamond-hard and my precum had begun running down my shaft. I kept up a steady rhythm, coating myself with my precum.

"What did you say?"

"I mean, what could I say? I didn't want to draw attention to them so I just kept quiet. I certainly wanted to see what was going to happen but couldn't just all of a sudden ignore the other girl and begin staring into this guy's crotch either. Not without looking like a weirdo, at least."

"Fair enough."

"I was worried that I'd give them away if I kept looking so I just snuck a peek over whenever I could. I've gotta say that Jenny was doing a pretty good job of keeping this all on the down-low. She didn't make any noises. Unless you were right next to her, it just looked like a few friends having some drinks."

She flipped the camera back onto herself. "Hope you don't mind me telling Will about what a giant ho you can be, babe. I think him hearing about you getting your pussy played with in public is helping out though. Look how hard his cock is! I think he's going to give us a good load." She turned the camera back onto me - or onto my cock, more accurately. "Are you getting ready to give us a good load, Will?"

"Soon." My breathing was becoming jagged. I knew I was getting close.

"Hmm. I think I can help get you over the edge with the rest of the story. Want to hear more?"

"Please."

Kara laughed. "OK. So, Fiona eventually gets out of the pool. As soon as she's out of sight, I give in and take a good look at what Jenny's up to. In typical Jenny fashion, she's escalated things. She's got both hands busy now, one inside each of the guys' trunks."

I groaned at the thought. So fucking hot, the idea of getting my dick played with on-the-sly out in public like that.

"Hot, right? Working two cocks? Mmm."

I could tell that Kara was getting aroused in telling this story. I wondered if she'd ever done two guys at once.

"Jenny pulls her hands out of of their trunks and gives a little tug at their waistbands. I see the guys looking a little nervous. I take a quick look around - there are definitely plenty of people around but the pool is fucking huge and no one else is in our little section of the bar. I get their attention with a little throat-clearing noise and give a little nod. I guess getting confirmation that a second girl might want to see their dicks is enough to give them the nudge they need, and they both slide their trunks down."

"Jesus. So these guys are just sitting there naked now?"

"Not quite. They didn't take their trunks right off. Just down enough to let their dicks out. And as soon as they do, Jenny is all over them. She's giving full-on handies to these dudes at this point."

"Wow." I couldn't help but imagine myself in place of one of the Chads and felt a surge through my dick. I slowed my strokes a little - I didn't want to finish before Kara got to the end of her story.

"Wow, indeed. I had seen Jenny get up to some shenanigans before, but this shocked even me a little bit. I mean, seriously, it looked like the start of a gangbang porn. She's working these two and I can't look away. So the guy between me and Jenny notices that I'm watching and reaches out and touches the back of my hand."

"What did you do?"

"I kinda recoiled, to be honest. I certainly wasn't anywhere near Jenny's level when it came to this stuff, especially back then. Plus, what the hell did the guy want? Getting a handy from just one girl wasn't enough? Seriously."

The thought of getting jerked off by Kara and Jenny together almost made me cum. Almost. I was so close and it was getting harder to hold off. "Well, like you said before - you can't blame him. He knows who your friends are."

"Heh. True. It was kind of tempting - he had a pretty nice cock. Anyhow, I'm sitting there taking in the show when I hear 'hey again'. I was so zoned-out of my surroundings that I hadn't even noticed Fiona get back in the pool."

"Uh-oh."

"For sure. She's sitting right next to me now. She starts going on about whatever, but it doesn't take long for her to see what's happening right next to me."

"So there are now three girls looking at these guys' cocks? Lucky fellas."

Kara stuck her tongue out playfully. "Oh, poor you - you've only had a measly two girls at-a-time watching you cum."

"What did Fiona do?"

"She just stared with her mouth hanging open. I guess people expect to see some crazy shit at spring break but this definitely caught her off-guard. We just watched together without acknowledging what was happening."

"She didn't say anything?"

"Well, eventually she leaned in and said something about how she usually fucked girls but didn't mind seeing a nice dick. The guy definitely heard that and looked over with this pervy grin."

"He seemed happy to have an audience, I take it?"

"Sure. Aren't you?" She flipped the camera back to herself. "I think Will likes having an audience too, don't you Jenny? I know he's going to be thinking about you watching him when he cums."

She was right. Putting the camera back on me, she continued. "Knowing that Fiona was watching too turned me on. I gave in. I reached over and slid my hand down the guy's thigh. He looked at me with this smirky 'I knew you couldn't resist' look on his face. Bloody men, I'll tell ya - always so sure that every woman wants to play with their dick."

"Well... didn't you?"

She chuckled and said, "guilty as charged, I guess. Jenny was taking care of that though, so I just played with his balls a bit. He seemed happy. I heard Fiona gasp when I added my hand to the mix. I distinctly remember looking over at her and seeing her nips poking through her top - she must've been turned-on by it. Pretty soon, the guy on Jenny's side grabs her thigh. I hear him mutter something, and Jenny said something back. I couldn't hear exactly what they said but I knew the guy was about to cum."

"I know the feeling," I said.

"Jenny looks at me and says 'take over'. She lets my guy's dick go and grabs her drink. I follow her lead and begin jerking him off. All eyes are on Jenny now. She tilts her glass down and aims the guy's cock at it right as he busts. She holds him in place and catches all of his jizz in the glass. I can see some of it dripping down inside the glass and into the bit of drink that was left."

I was so close now. "Did you like watching him cum?" I knew the answer already.

"Oh my god, of course. Have you learned nothing about me? I'm still working on my guy when I hear him make a little sound. I guess watching Jenny finish his buddy off was enough to get him to the finish line. I let Jenny know and she moves her glass over to him. I hold his dick down and he adds his stuff to the glass."

Kara addresses Jenny again. "Should I tell him what happened next, J? He'll know what kind of cumslut you really are if I tell him."

I interject. "Tell me. Please. Oh god I'm close Kara."

"He's close, Jenny! I think I'll tell him."

"Please tell me."

"The Chads put their dicks away. They reach over Jenny and high-five each other - very 'bro' move. Jenny kinda laughs and rolls her eyes. So she's sitting there holding this glass - it's part cum, part whatever fruity drink she was working on. She dips her finger in, gives it a little swirl and makes a show of sucking it clean."

That was it for me. The thought of Jenny sampling their cum right there at the bar sent me over the top. I grunted and came, unloading all over the ground in front of me. Kara let out a satisfied little mewling noise. "Oh that's good Will. That's good. Jenny's going to love watching this."

Not for the first time, Kara had inspired a sizeable second load from me. I was surprised at how much I was able to produce after my earlier orgasm. Kara kept the camera on me as I came. "See, Jenny? I knew he'd give us a nice big load. Look how much he's cumming just from hearing about you - just wait until he gets to do... more."

I was practically in a daze. The force of my orgasm and Kara's teasing hint put me at a true loss for words. I slouched back and let my arms flop beside me, my dick pointing skyward, and let out a protracted "phew."

"Feel good?"

"Yeah. Amazing."

"It looked amazing. I'd bet Jenny will think so too. Say bye to Jenny."

Kara held the camera up to my face. I gave a little wave and said "bye Jenny." At that Kara locked her phone and put it in her purse. We sat quietly for a few minutes. I put my dick away. Eventually, Kara said, "well, I've gotta work in the morning and I'm sure you do too. Ready to get out of here?"

"Sure."

We stood and started walking towards the parking lot, not saying a word. When we reached our destination, Kara stood at her car and looked at me.

"Thanks for bailing me out tonight. I might've been in real trouble if you weren't around."

"I'd say it worked out pretty well," I said with a laugh.

"I had fun, that's for sure," she replied. She opened her door and threw her purse inside. "Don't be afraid to check in with Jenny. I'm gonna send her the video when I get home, and I'm sure she'd love to give you her review."

"I'll do that."

"Goodnight, Will."
