Entry tags: 

double crossing, spangel, spike/lindsey

Double Crossing, 3/8 

Title: Double Crossing 
Chapter: 3 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Lindsey/Angel 
Rating: NC-17 
Warnings: m/m/m, bondage, torture, language 
Summary: Post NFA, Lindsey reappears, asking Spike for help. Trouble ensues. 
Author's Note: This is for faketoysoldier, who asked for S/L/A, karaoke, and the prompts smoke, microphone, cherry, and slip. I hope you like it! It's finished and I'll post updates daily. I'm in a terribly impatient mood, so please let me know if any mistakes slipped by me. Feedback is cherished.

Gorgeous, NSFW banner by blondebitz!

Previous chapters here.

Chapter Three

“This isn’t getting us anywhere.”

“Oi, give it some time. Besides, you have someplace better to be?”

Angel scowled and took another swallow of whiskey. Maybe a few more shots and he would relax and actually enjoy himself a bit.

Despite its name, The Pit was actually quite nice, for a demon bar. The patrons tended to come from the higher echelons of LA’s demonic community, and were mostly of the more civilized sorts. The place was owned by a Goran syndicate that traded quite heavily in prostitution and various controlled substances, but, because they were very rarely violent, had managed to keep their peace with Angel and Spike. They employed Chorago demons as bouncers, which meant fights among the bar’s customers were uncommon.

The Gorans had decorated The Pit in a sort of faux dungeon style. The tables were unvarnished oak slabs and the hanging light fixtures were blackened iron inset with fake candles. The walls were stone, and affixed to them by chains were a half dozen males and females of various species, each of whom seemed to take a turn in moaning. The first time they came here Angel had insisted on checking with them, and some were paid while others were volunteers, but apparently every one of them was perfectly content to be bound. The waiters and waitresses wore complicated leather and chainmail getups as well. It was all a bit hokey, but the drinks were strong and it was a good place to listen in on gossip.

It was Spike’s idea to come here, and he was having a good time. Lindsey knelt quietly at his feet, wearing only his collar and a gauzy pair of trousers that hung low on his hips and emphasized his raging erection more than they hid it. Spike had pierced his pet’s nipples as well, and every so often he reached out and flicked absently at the silver hoops. Lindsey had blushed furiously as soon as they stepped inside, and even now, an hour later, his cheeks still tinged a charming pink every time someone stopped by the table to admire Spike’s slave. The moisture on the crown of Lindsey’s cock had seeped through the front of his trousers, making that spot nearly transparent.

The waitress came by, a pretty blonde human with huge tits that were barely covered by the bustier thing she wore. As she took another drink order from them, Spike caught Angel ogling her chest and smirked. Angel didn’t take the bait, though, and only sighed unhappily as she walked away.

“We should just go,” Angel grumbled.

“You’re the one worried about Harris’s warning. If you’d rather go strong-arm creatures in the sewer for news, be my bloody guest. I’m comfortable here.”

Angel made a sour face but he didn’t leave. Instead, he slumped in his seat as if every one of his 280 years was a weight on his shoulders.

Spike had a sudden inspiration. He leaned over and whispered in his pet’s ear. Lindsey turned beet-red again, and looked up at Spike as if he might argue. But he must have seen the determined set to Spike’s face and remembered his last several punishments, because he ducked his head and then crawled under the table toward Angel on his hands and knees.

Angel was too lost in his own thoughts to see him approach. Lindsey paused just in front of Angel’s chair and then glanced back at Spike for a reprieve that wasn’t going to come. Then he squeezed his eyes tightly shut, gritted his teeth, and turned back to Angel.

Angel startled violently when Lindsey touched his groin. If vampires could blush, he would have turned as red as Lindsey. Instead, he glared at Spike as if he could dust him through sheer will alone. Spike smiled at him.

Angel looked like he might get up and stomp away. But by now Lindsey had his flies open and was in the process of drawing his cock out of his boxers, and disengaging himself would be very awkward. Spike pushed his chair back a bit so he had a better view.

While Angel tried to pretend as if nothing at all was happening south of the border, Lindsey was bent over Angel’s lap, his fist wrapped around Angel’s cock as he stroked slowly. Spike knew from experience that Lindsey was very talented with his hands and his mouth, and could get a bloke off in minutes if he truly tried. Right now, though, he was deliberately drawing the process out. Despite his protests, he liked being made a spectacle of.

Angel’s attempts to ignore Lindsey went completely out the window when the man slipped his warm, moist mouth around the vampire’s hardened cock. Angel closed his eyes and breathed heavily, and his hand tightened around his glass so convulsively that the glass cracked and crumbled. Spike wasn’t sure which was more delicious—the sight of his pet’s head bobbing between Angel’s sprawled legs, or the heady mixture of whiskey and sire’s blood that was soaking into the table-top.

A Chaos demon wandered over from a nearby table. Spike fought the urge to attack him. He really hated the slimy bastards.

“Hey,” said the demon. “Nice slave.”

“Ta,” Spike mumbled.

“Where’d you get him?”

“Long story. Used to be a lawyer.”

“Ooh! One of Wolfram and Hart’s?”

Both Lindsey and Angel tensed visibly at the name, but they were both too far into what they were doing to really stop. Spike simply shrugged.

“’Cause if he was, he’s probably better off with you right now.”

Spike’s interest sharpened considerably. “Oh?” he said.

“Yeah! I heard—“ The Chaos demon stopped and looked around the bar. “Um, I’d better not say.”

Spike used his foot to scoot the chair next to him away from the table. He gestured at it. “Have a seat, mate. I’ll buy you a drink.”

The demon looked nervously around again, and then at the show going on under the table. He licked his lips. “Uh, okay,” he said, and sat down.

Spike waved the waitress over. She winked at Angel, who groaned and shut his eyes again, and then turned to Spike. “What can I get you boys?”

“’Nother shot of Jack for me. More Jameson for him. And for my mate here.…” He looked questioningly at the demon.

“Pomegranate cosmo, please,” the demon said, and Spike had to stop himself from rolling his eyes.

“Name’s Spike,” he said, holding out his hand. “What’s yours?”

The demon looked appalled. Apparently he hadn’t realized until this moment precisely which vampires he was addressing. Angel’s and Spike’s reputation tended to proceed them. The demon might have got up and scurried away, but Spike rested his arm across the back of the creature’s chair in a friendly manner.

“Uh, M-M-Mike,” he stammered.

“From around here, Mike?”

“No. I’m, uh, from Louisville. I’m here on business.”

Spike had no idea what sort of business a Chaos demon might be engaged in, and didn’t care. “So, Mike. You were telling me about this thing with the lawyers.”

Mike’s eyes moved desperately between Spike’s grinning face and Lindsey’s busy mouth. “Um, yeah. I don’t really th-th-think—“

“Oh, come now. We’re all friends here, yeah?”

Lindsey must have done something interesting just then because Angel let out a loud gasp and slammed his bleeding palm into the mess on the table. His other hand crept under the table and seized Lindsey’s hair.

The waitress reappeared and smilingly served them their drinks before walking away. Mike grabbed his cosmo and took a long sip, probably wishing he’d ordered something a good bit stronger.

“Mikey?” Spike reminded him.

Mike took a deep breath. “Well, yeah, okay. It’s, um….” He had another sip. “The word is, that Wolfram and Hart are wanting to, uh, re-establish themselves on the west coast.”

“Is that so?” Spike saw Angel’s mouth tighten, but his grandsire didn’t push Lindsey away. Lindsey’s movements, however, became more vigorous.

“It’s what I heard. My cousin Bob, he lives in New York, right? And he told me that his friend’s sister’s boyfriend works at W and H’s office there, and they’re gonna make a move out here soon.” Mike drained his glass.

“Well,” Spike said, tossing his shot back in one go, then wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, “if they do, I expect we’ll have a nice welcome party waiting for them.”

Mike nodded.

Angel pushed his hips forward and tipped his head back. He slammed his hand on the table again and groaned. Lindsey’s arse jerked as well, and Spike heard him swallow. A moment, later, Angel pushed the man’s face away and then hurriedly tucked himself back in and zipped up. Lindsey crawled back to kneel at Spike’s side. His lips were swollen and the front of his trousers had a very large, wet stain.

Mike stumbled to his feet. “Uh, thanks for the drink. I gotta go.”

Spike allowed a bit of fang to flash as he grinned at him. “Cheers, mate. Give my regards to your cousin’s friend’s sister’s boyfriend.”

The Chaos demon dashed quickly away and out the door. Spike turned to Angel, who still looked weary, but slightly less so than before.

“See?” Spike said. “My scheme worked like a charm.”

“What the fuck kind of game are you playing?”

Lindsey yelped as the sjambok snapped against his lower belly. “Nothin’! I told you, I didn’t know!”

They were in the basement. Angel had flung a heavy chain over one of the rafters and they’d shackled Lindsey to it, hoisting him so that his feet hung several inches above the floor. His ankles were held apart by a wide spreader bar that was tethered to one of the support pillars, allowing him only a few inches of movement in his legs. His trousers were in tatters in the floor, and his back, arse, chest, and legs sported bright red stripes.

Spike was straddling a small wooden chair backwards, his chin resting on one hand atop the seat back. His other hand held his lit cigarette. He’d decided to leave this business to Angel, who was much better at it. Spike never had been any good at torturing information out of the unwilling, as the incident with the Gem of Amara and the pokers had demonstrated.

Angel was just getting warmed up. He didn’t really expect Lindsey to spill yet—would probably be disappointed if he did—but was only scaring him now, trying to wear him down a bit before the real fun began.

Spike felt conflicted. On the one hand, he was enjoying watching his grandsire at work. He hadn’t seen Angelus in his element for so very long. Even in Sunnydale, that time when his soul came loose, he’d been too distracted by the Slayer to be in top form. Besides, Spike was vulnerable then, and had ended up at the wrong side of Angelus’s twisted mind too many times himself. Now, though, Spike could sit back and watch, and not a twinge from his own soul, given Angel’s specific target.

However, there was a part of him that hoped that Lindsey didn’t end up badly damaged. The man was more durable than an ordinary human, Spike knew that already, but neither he nor Angel knew his true limits. And over the year Spike had become used to his pet’s presence. Hell, if he was completely honest with himself, he’d have to admit he actually cared for the tosser. A bit.

And perhaps that was why another part of himself was raging with fury, itching with the need to tear Lindsey to shreds. The fucker had betrayed him. Yeah, he’d known from the beginning that the lawyer couldn’t be trusted and this whole thing was a plot of some kind. But still, after all these months, he appeared to have forgotten that bit, or at least pushed it into the deeper recesses of his consciousness.

So now he just watched silently and smoked as Angel put the whip down. Angel reached instead for a small wooden cabinet that had been placed on top of an old crate. He stroked the outside of the box slowly, sensuously, and Spike shook his head. He wouldn’t have thought that the old bugger had held onto the thing after all these years. Angel swung the top open and Lindsey emitted a terrified squeak when he saw what was inside.

Angel carefully selected one of the delicate metal items inside the box and held it up, inspecting it, admiring the way the light from the overhead light reflected from it. “Know what these are, boy?” There was a definite hint of a brogue in his voice, and even Spike shivered a bit.

“Dental instruments. They’re as old as William, you know. In fact, I acquired them shortly before he joined us. The girls and I had just had a nice appetizer—a portly little man who was hurrying home a little too late.” For once, he sounded more nostalgic over a past atrocity than regretful. He smiled. “And a little too slow. He had a leather valise with this inside.”

Angel stepped closer to Lindsey, who tried vainly to wriggle away from the sharp hook in Angel’s hand. “Now, I don’t have much need for dental work, myself,” Angel said, flashing his sparkling fangs. “But I’ve still found this kit pretty useful, you know?” He held the tip of the hook very close to Lindsey’s right eye. Lindsey squeezed his lids shut and tried to hide his face against his arm, but Angel buried his hand in the man’s hair and yanked his head sharply to the side.

“Please don’t,” Lindsey begged. “Master! You promised to protect me from him.”

“And you promised to be my good little slave, didn’t you?” Spike retorted. “Seems to me you were in breach of contract first, lawyer.”

“I didn’t! I was—“ Lindsey cried out when Angel dug the hook completely through his right nipple and then out, tearing the flesh and causing the silver hoop to fall out and onto the floor. Spike wished he could go suck at the trickling blood, but Angel would be angry if he got between them. Angel turned his attention to the other nipple and again there was a choked cry and then the chink of metal against concrete.

“I didn’t know they were plannin’ nothin’. I told you—I was in Minsk. They didn’t even know I was gonna come here.”

Angel wiped the hook on a piece of soft cloth and replaced it in the box. The next item he took out was more like a thick needle or a small ice pick. He brought it over to Lindsey, who was trembling violently. “Did you know I can hear your heartbeat speed up when you lie? I’m kind of like a lie detector.”

Lindsey shook his head. “I ain’t, I ain’t lyin’.”

His hand moving so fast it was only a blur, Angel stabbed the instrument deeply into Lindsey’s upper chest, just below his collar bone, but well to the side of anything vital. Lindsey oofed in pain. He shouted even louder when Angel pulled it out a moment later.

“Now, that’s not right,” Angel said. “Needs symmetry.” And he rammed the pick in to the same spot on Lindsey’s other side. When he yanked it out again, Spike could smell the blood and his stomach rumbled.

Angel held the bloody point near Lindsey’s face. “Back in the ‘40s, Walter Freeman used a gadget just a little bigger than this to perform lobotomies. Sometimes the patients weren’t even anesthetized. He’d just stick the point in through an eye socket, whack it to poke through the bone, and than swirl.” Angel demonstrated these movements inches from Lindsey’s horrified face.

“No, God, please no. Please, Angel.”

Angel looked as if he was considering Lindsey’s pleas. “The thing is, you’d still be perfectly good for Spike’s use.” He sighed theatrically. “Probably wouldn’t be able to tell us much about Wolfram and Hart, though. Well, let’s keep it in mind, okay? Get it? Mind?”

Angel cleaned the instrument and put it away as well. Whatever relief Lindsey may have felt at that was quickly gone when he saw what Angel picked up next: a set of pliers with wickedly curved ends. With a chilling grin, the vampire cradled Lindsey’s balls in one big hand. Lindsey whimpered. Angel applied the pliers to the flesh he held, squeezing the handle tightly and then curling his wrist. Lindsey screeched and even Spike winced and shifted uncomfortably on his chair.

“I bet I can twist ‘em right off,” Angel said. “I’ve done it before. Not a pretty way to geld someone, but it does the job.”

Tears were running down Lindsey’s face now. “I ain’t—There was a plan. But I didn’t do it, I swear.”

Angel twisted again, and Lindsey screamed. “I didn’t! Didn’t go through with it. God! Stop!”

Angel released the pressure on Lindsey’s bollocks and the man let out a sob. “Why don’t you tell us about it, Linds?” Angel said.

Lindsey’s breaths were ragged and he stared at the floor. “I was…I was supposed to make a deal with Ma—with Spike, just like I did. And then I was supposed to lure him away, get him to Houston. They were gonna drug him and snatch him and lock him away.”

“Why?”

“To get him out of the picture. They figured you’d be too weak to hold LA on your own. Might even come after him, get yourself caught, too.”

Spike smiled sadly to himself at that. Ponce would never have risked his own neck to rescue him.

Angel squinted his eyes. “Too complicated. Why not just dust him? Or both of us, for that matter?”

Lindsey shook his head. “That fuckin’ prophecy. They still think they can use you.”

“And why drag this out so long? You’ve been here a year.”

Lindsey lifted his head. “It’s what I said. I didn’t go through with it. I was supposed to get him to Texas months and months ago. But I didn’t even try.”

“Why?”

Lindsey turned so he was looking at Spike. His face was a mask of anguish. “I didn’t…. I wanted to stay with you, Master. I did. I liked…liked belonging to you. I’ve been property for a long time now. I wanted to be your property for good.”

Spike abruptly stood, nearly knocking over his chair. He couldn’t stand to listen to lies anymore. Of course Lindsey hadn’t wanted him, any more than Angel did, any more than…any more than anybody ever had. Even Dru, who needed him when she was mad, but dumped him whenever she was sane. Or Buffy, who told him she loved him as he was burning, and even then couldn’t make him believe it.

With an inchoate roar, Spike stomped past the other two and up the stairs, slamming the basement door closed behind him.

Spike was shoving the last of his belongings into his bag when Angel entered his room. Spike hefted the bag to his shoulder. It wasn’t much. Hardly anything, really, to show for a century and a half of existence.

Angel’s face was grim and he’d changed his clothes. Spike started to push past him, but Angel caught him by the shoulder before he could get out the door.

“He really didn’t know anything about whatever they have planned now.”

Spike shrugged. Why should he bloody care? He wasn’t going to say anything at all, but then he couldn’t stop himself. “Did you kill him?”

“No. I gave him a set of clothes and told him to get the fuck out of here.”

Spike ignored the feeling of relief that statement gave him and shook himself free of Angel’s grip.

“Where are you going?” Angel demanded.

“Don’t know. Don’t care. Somewhere else.”

“But I need—Wolfram and Hart are gonna try to get LA back, Spike. I can’t hold them off by myself.”

“Let them have it then,” Spike snarled. “Never liked this bloody city anyhow. Too much fucking sunshine.”

“Spike—“

“What?!”

Angel looked at him and then shook his head and looked away. “Nothing. Just…don’t steal my goddamn car again.”

Spike growled and walked out the door, telling himself that his dead heart couldn’t possibly be breaking.

Chapter Four