Del starts playing a game with Nancy, and meets Trista.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 4 (nosex, F-solo, M-solo, parody, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Coffee?"

Del glanced up as he entered the kitchen to forage for breakfast, only to find Nancy there, wearing a tight t-shirt and yoga pants that showed off her womanly curves. "Oh...uh, yeah, please." He sat at the kitchen table and she brought him a steaming mug, just the way he liked it, with lots of cream and sugar. "Um, about last night..."

"Mulligan," was all she said, a cute smile playing across her lips.

"Right." That was the golf term she used, saying that he had another chance. Kinda like reloading a save game after you made a wrong choice, he mused, grinning back at her.

She served his favorite, scrambled eggs and bacon. As they ate, she said, "Oh, my friend Trista -- you know the lady across the street? -- she asked me to find out if you wanted to make some extra money helping her out around her property."

"The tall blonde?" Del asked, angling his head to look out the front window. "Do you have her number? I probably shouldn't just go over there."

"Yeah, her." Nancy felt an odd feeling wash over her for a moment, thinking about Trista macking on her renter. "Her number's on the fridge."

---

That evening, after dinner, Del was playing video games when there was a knock on his door. "Yeah?" he called up.

Nancy called down, "Okay for me to come visit?"

"Oh, sure!"

Still wearing the yoga pants and tight t-shirt, his voluptuous landlady descended the steps. "I'm bored...what'cha doin'?"

He gestured to his monitor. "Video games."

She pulled up a chair and leaned forward to look at his screen. "What kind of game you playing? I used to play Legend of Zora."

"Isotope 78. Kinda an online role playing shooter?"

She gave him an awkward smile and shrugged.

"Here..." he continued playing, thankful that his character was in a safe space when Nancy had arrived, since the online game couldn't be paused. Soon, he found some ultra mutants and started blasting them.

"So where's the role playing?" she asked after the monsters were gory chunks on the ground.

"Not here. I have to go find some people and talk to them. Actually, I guess it's mostly shooting things, now that I think about it."

"Hm," Nancy hummed, looking disappointed.

Del exited the game. "Well, you liked Zora, so you're probably more into fantasy than sci-fi? And if you want role playing...oh, I got it!" He clicked about and another game started installing. "Dragon Era. I've played it before, but I can do the hack 'n slash while you make the character and role playing choices!"

"Yeah? That sounds cool."

While they were waiting for the game to download, Nancy asked him, "So, any cute girls -- um, young ladies -- in your classes?"

"I guess," Del hedged, not mentioning that none of them held a candle to her. "I'm not good with women."

She got closer in order to look at the download progress. It was almost done. "You seem to be doing okay with me."

"Well, I know you. You were my babysitter."

Nancy sat back, feeling old. "Right."

There was a 'Download complete!' message on screen, and Del grabbed the mouse. "Okay, here we go..."

Soon they were in the character creation screen. "Well, our character should be a woman, naturally," Nancy said, using her hands to draw attention to her womanly attributes. Del gulped. "Human, Elf...Dwarf? Hm, look at the bazongas on her! Yeah, female Dwarf highborn."

Soon, they had a Dwarf woman warrior that looked a fair bit like Nancy, though shorter, with auburn hair and a chest to make hellspawn weep. Del set the game to easy mode so the gameplay wouldn't get bogged down with long combats, and they played. Nancy kept her chair closer to Del's so that she could see the screen better, and he was glad that he had set it to easy mode, as her scent and body warmth were quite distracting.

"Oh, this guy's kinda hot, with that braided beard...can we sleep with him?" she asked.

"Maybe?" Del answered, and clicked the flirty dialog choice, only to watch their attempt fail. "Hm, guess not."

"Can our character actually have sex in this game?"

"Oh, sure! Once we get the party together...um..." He looked down. Nancy had put her hand on his thigh as she leaned forward, though she was still looking at the screen. He figured that she hadn't even realized that she'd done it, and he wasn't about to attract her attention to it. "Let's get through the character backstory and to the main plotline, and there's I think three characters we can get it on with?"

"Three? Nice!" She lightly squeezed his thigh.

Del could feel his cock hardening. He wondered if he would get another mulligan if he came in his pants.

Nancy's role-playing decisions were definitely different from how Del played the game the first time, and he was surprised at some of the results. He was really enjoying playing with her, and the time flew by.

"Oh wow, I gotta get to bed," he told her after glancing at his clock.

Nancy drew her eyes up from Del's crotch. Her naughty hand on his thigh had had a noticeable and visually distracting effect on him. "Oh, and I was having so much fun."

He saved the game and exited. "Well, we can play again tomorrow, if you want." He turned his head to her but kept the rest of his body still, not wanting to disturb her hand on his thigh.

"It's a date!" she said, and got to her feet, sliding her hand along his upper thigh and hip as she went. "Sweet dreams!" she called back as she ascended the basement stairs.

Del watched her shapely legs and rounded ass in those heavenly yoga pants as she went. "G'nite..."

Nancy closed Del's door, turned off the living room lights, and waited, her ear to his door. When she heard the heavy breathing, she quietly opened it again, knelt down, and craned her neck to peep down into the basement suite.

As she had seen before, Del had pulled down his jeans and was furiously masturbating, the sight of his above average sized cock making her naughty bits quiver. *I* got him this excited, she realized. Carefully, she slipped her fingers into her yoga pants and frigged her clit as she watched the young man pleasure himself. Soon, he grabbed some tissues and grunted as he exploded into them, the sheer volume of his emission too much for the thin paper, and several drops splattered to the hardwood floor. Nancy gasped at the sight.

She saw Del's head tilt. Had he heard her? she wondered. She quickly pulled her head back and quietly closed the door before sneaking off to her bed to finish frigging herself, Del's young, healthy-looking member forefront in her mind's eye as she imagined it drilling into her libidinous body.

---

"Is Trista here?"

The cute strawberry blonde who opened the door across the street from Nancy's looked at Del with a scowl. "And who're you?" She seemed to be about his age, he figured, or maybe 18. She was wearing what seemed to be an anime-inspired outfit, with a short skirt, thigh-high socks, Chucks, and a half-top that clung to her B-cup breasts and showed off her tight, tanned tummy. Her hair was pulled up into high twintails.

"Delmar...Del," he responded. "She asked me to come over and do some work for her."

The girl rolled her eyes and made way so he could enter. "Probably laying some pipe," she said bitterly.

"Really? I haven't done any plumbing before." Del started taking off his shoes.

She rolled her eyes again. "Leave 'em on...Mom's out back." Then she turned on her heel and strode toward the back of the house.

Del couldn't help but stare at the girl's upper thighs playing peekaboo under that skirt as she strolled through the expensive-looking abode. He could almost make out the curves of her butt as it bobbed up and down. "So what's your name?" he asked, making sure to be looking at her face as she glanced back at him.

"Helena." Then she opened the back door, turned to the side, and gave a sarcastic, grand arm gesture for him to keep going on through.

"Thanks," he said, and headed into the grounds.

"Hmp."

He found Trista sunbathing in a black one-piece swimsuit by the large ground-level pool. He noticed that the older woman had an hourglass figure, with nice-sized breasts peeking out from the low cut lycra, but her legs were her signature feature, looking long and slender as she lay stretched out on a lounging chair.

"See anything you like?" she asked.

Del started. He didn't realize he'd been staring, or that her eyes were open behind her dark 'Jackie O' sunglasses. "Uh, yeah, this place is great, Trista," he responded, waving to encompass the pool, fountain, and tennis court in the distance. "I can see that you'd need help keeping it looking so good."

She got to her feet. "I was meaning...never mind. Come along with me, Del." She headed down a path, framed by tall hedges, her flip-flops flip-flopping as she went, and he followed. "Our hedge maze is to the left, and the tool shed to the right. Don't mix them up or you could get stuck for a while." She turned and gave him a coquettish grin.

Del shook his head and grinned back. The front of the house made the property seem smaller than it actually was, but it seemed that Trista owned quite a few acres of land in the back.

She opened a small wooden building and gestured inside. "Are you used to handling a large tool, Del?"

Del stepped up to the door next to her, his nostrils filling with the heady scent of jojoba oil that emanated from her lithe form. The shed had all sorts of power tools for cutting grass, hedges, and even a chainsaw for trees. "A bit bigger than I'm used to, but I think I'll manage."

"Hm, how disappointing," she commented. She had removed her sunglasses and was nibbling on one of the earpieces as she evaluated his form.

He gulped. "I mean, you just need to show me what you want once, and I'll make sure it gets done right after that."

She put her sunglasses back on. "That'll have to do. Okay, come back on Saturday at 11 AM, and we'll see what you're made of, hm?"

Del made his way back to Nancy's house. As he opened the front door, he stopped short, as his landlady's rounded ass was pointing up in the air, right at him, her camel toe obvious through her stretched, tight yoga pants.

"Oh!" she exclaimed as she fell to the carpet from her 'downward-facing dog' yoga pose. "Sorry, Del! I didn't expect you back for a bit. Gotta keep this old bod in shape, or it'll get away from me, y'know?"

Del blinked, making sure his eyes were still in their sockets. "Nancy, you're not old! You're only, what, 32?"

She got to her feet, and Del noticed that these yoga pants were more like capris, and she was wearing a tight half-top that barely restrained her D-cups. In fact, as he looked, he could swear that her nipples were starting to become visible through the fabric.

She turned and dropped back into her original pose, her ass up in the air. "Um, anyway, I have to finish this, so..."

"Uh, right...I'll leave you to it." He headed toward the basement door.

"No! Tell me everything that happened at Trista's," she insisted.

Del felt uncertain about just standing there, staring at his landlady's ass, so he sat down on the couch. Then he blushed when he realized that this was the same couch that she had been laying on when he blasted a load of cum all over her half-naked form.

Nancy moved into the 'triangle' pose, stretching out one leg and arm. "So..."

"Oh! Yeah, I went over there and met Trista's daughter Helena..."

"And what did you think of her?" Nancy asked as she rolled onto her back and lifted her hips and knees up into the 'bridge' pose.

Damn, yoga is really erotic, Del thought. "Well, my first impression of her wasn't great, but maybe I caught her on a bad day?"

Nancy snorted. Every day was a bad day with that girl, she thought. Oh, Del, you'd offer a glass of water to someone just so they'd have something to spit at you. You're too good for them. You're too good for me. She plopped her butt to the carpet and sat up, breathing heavily.

He continued, "They've got a really nice house, and their backyard is huge!"

Sighing, Nancy stood up and moved into a 'warrior' pose, her arms raised as she faced her renter. Her face flushed as she realized that this pose pushed her breasts out toward him.

Del continued, trying not to stare at Nancy's nipples as they visibly pressed out the tight fabric of her half-top. "Trista said she wanted me to use her large tools, but Helena said her mom wanted me to lay some pipe? Either I'll be doing a lot of different things over there, or those two don't talk much."

Nancy stifled a giggle. Finally, she relaxed and lay back on the carpet in the 'corpse' pose, letting all her tensions flow away. She closed her eyes and controlled her breathing.

Her feet were facing toward Del, though, so he was looking directly between her tight, yoga pants-clad legs, wondering if the dark spot he could see there was from sweat. His eyes traveled up to Nancy's breasts, her nipples now quite pronounced through the tight half-top.

He got up and headed for the basement door.

"You're going?" she asked, her eyes still closed.

"Gotta...take care of something." Then he was gone.

Nancy smiled and headed to his door to listen and then spy on the young man as he pleasured himself while thinking of her voluptuous body.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)