Dan stood frozen in place. Everyone had the heard stories, rumors and lies about such things happening, but he'd never expected it to could possibly happen to him when he'd gone work the evening of the country club's annual New Year's Eve party. He wasn't overly handsome and didn't have a muscular body like some of the other men in the room, if anything he felt he had more of a swimmer's body, yet Mrs. Beach had just come up to him and whispered in a slightly slurred voice that she wanted him to come to her room and make love to her... actually her words had been "Your name is Dan, correct? Well, I'd like you to join me in my room and then I'd like you to fuck me. I want to start the year out remembering what it's like to feel like a woman again. I want you to cum in me until it's dripping from me like some common slut since that's what my husband seems to prefer. What do you say, Dan? Are you interested in helping a lonely lady begin the New Year out right?"
Interested?? Dan couldn't believe this was happening. Mrs. Beach was the most beautiful woman in the club. He had seen her around the pool several times and had overheard her telling one of her friends that she was 5-foot 4-inches tall and had weighed 120 pounds before she had her baby, but that she had "put on a few pounds" with the pregnancy and that her bust had increased by a two full cups size so that her measurements were now 32DD-27-35. Adding that to her tanned, olive skin, hazel eyes and auburn hair; she had a body that most men fantasized about and other women envied.
She was without a doubt what the rest of the waiters at the club referred to as a "room stopper" and tonight hadn't been any different. When she and her husband had arrived it seemed that everything in the room had come to a stop and you could have heard a pin drop, yet no one even noticed him, it was her and only her. She was wearing the classic full-length black dress that was worn at these functions but hers was trimmed with sequins that ran down the front and back of her dress to form "V's" that drew attention to her ample cleavage and the deep plunge that stopped just above her buttocks. While the final touch was a diamond choker around her neck that probably cost more than Dan hoped to make in the next 10 years. Yet she didn't even seem to notice the looks and silence as she and her husband entered and were escorted to their customary seats. After being seated, it was as if a switch had been thrown and everything returned to normal as people throughout the room began to talk again. Dan returned to work with the other staff but vaguely recalled seeing Mr. Beach get up and leave the table at about 10:30PM while talking to someone on his cellphone and that he hadn't seen him return.
Like most of the work crew, Dan had snuck several drinks throughout the evening and felt bold and light-headed as he relied to Mrs. Beach's offer. "Mrs. Beach, I'd be a liar if I didn't admit that I'd love to take you up on your offer but I think I should find your husband and have him help you get to your room."
Slowly, tears formed in Mrs. Beach's eyes. "You won't find that son-of-a-bitch here. He left almost an hour ago saying that he had received an important business call and needed to leave and that he would see me in a couple of day. But that's BULLSHIT. I happen to know that he and his slut of a personal assistant have been having an affair since I was six months pregnant and that they are in the company plane right now, heading for the Bahamas, fucking their brains out. So I figure if it's good enough for him it's good enough for me. That being the case, would you like to come upstairs and fuck me or do I go to my room alone and play with myself?"
Dan quickly took the classic pose of offering her his arm as he replied, "It will be my pleasure to escort you to your room, Mrs. Beach."
Smiling for the first time since she'd approached him she took his arm. "Thank you very much, young man. It is so good to know that chivalry hasn't died and there are still some who will come to the aid of a woman in need."
As they left the diningroom, Dan noticed several people watching them and could only imagine what they were thinking. Mrs. Beach sensed it too and added gentle pressure to his arm to keep them going until they reached the elevator, taking it to the third-floor penthouse that was reserved for her and her husband.
Once inside she turned and looked at Dan. "Ok, baby, there are only three rules for this event tonight. Number one: no kissing on the lips. I'm not looking for a lover. Number two: I want your cock buried in me as deep as possible at midnight, and number three: no pulling out when you cum. I just had a baby and shouldn't have to worry about getting pregnant again for a while so I want to feel your cum filling me and dripping from my pussy just like a slut. Think you can deal with that?"
"Yes, Ma'am," Dan replied as he pulled her towards him and squeezed her breast. Instantly he felt the material become warm and wet.
"That's it baby. Squeeze my mommy tits and feel the milk squirting from them. Hmmmmmm... so fucking good. My husband hasn't touched my tits since before I had the baby and they need it so bad. Help me get out of this dress so you can suck my tits, baby."
"Yes, Ma'am," he answered as he untied the shoulder strings to her dress, exposing Mrs. Beach's glorious body as the dress slid to the floor. Dan was both surprised and excited to see that she wasn't wearing any panties but now stood in front of him naked except for a pair of sheer black nylons, a garter- belt, and black high-heels.
Stepping closer she gently grabbed the crotch of his pants as his erection began to tent the front of this. "Listen, baby, for tonight you can call me Karen, or mommy, or anything dirty name you want to, but please don't call me ma'am or Mrs. Beach."
"Mommy?"
"Yes, mommy. You have to remember I just had a baby not too long ago and before the night is over you're going to be a mother-fucker," she purred seductively as she knelt on the floor in front of him. "Now let's get your clothes off so I can see what I'm going to be enjoying tonight,"
While Dan removed his shirt, Karen quickly released his belt and pulled his pants and boxer down to his ankles. "Hmmmmm... I'm going to enjoy this," she whispered as she wrapped her hand around his cock and slowly lowered her mouth around it.
Dan instinctively reached down and wrapped his fingers in Karen's hair as she began to suck his cock. "Oh, fuck. Your mouth is so wet and warm. I'm already so fucking turned-on by the idea of fucking you that you're going to make me cum if you're not careful. That tongue of yours is so fucking talented. You're getting me harder then I've ever been before."
Pulling away from his cock, Karen looked up at Dan. "Don't you dare cum in my mouth, at least not this time. I want to feel your cum deep in my pussy. I want to feel it dripping out onto my thighs and ass. I want to be your slut. Treat me just like a common whore. Make me scream when you pump your load deep inside of me. Talk dirty to me and call me anything you want. Tell what you're going to do to me and what you want me to do to you. Now, let's get on the bed so you can fill me with this marvelous cock of yours and fuck me."
Dan looked down at Karen and a fantasize he'd read about in several adult books and magazines popped into his head. If this is what she wanted then it was what he was going to give her. "Ok then bitch. If you want to get fucked then fucked you'll get. Stand up and get over by the bed."
A sparkle appeared in Karen's eyes as she did what Dan had told her. This is what she wanted. A man to tell her what to do and then take her passionately; the hell with "love" it was overrated as she'd learned from her husband. She hadn't had a cock in her for almost six months and that was going to change tonight. Reaching the bed she looked over her shoulder as Dan approached. "What would you like me to do now?"
"Just bend over and put your hands on the bed, slut, and spread your legs nice and wide for me. Let me see that pussy of yours."
This was more than she had hoped and dreamed of, she thought as she bent over. Not only was she going to get fucked but this young man was dominating her like her husband never had. She could feel her pussy lips swelling as she became more aroused and her fluids began to coat her inner lips.
"I can't see your pussy, ," Dan growled as he moved forward and spanked Karen on her right ass cheek. "Put your fucking head down on the bed and use your hands to spread your asscheeks open for me."
Karen responded instantly and the room filled with the heady aroma of her arousal as she spread her asscheeks and revealed her wet, swollen pussy. Never in her life had she expected to be so turned on. She had more than her share of lovers before she had been married but none of them had ever affected her like this young man. He hadn't even touched her and yet she could feel that she was already on the brink of an orgasm.
"That's it you fucking tease. I've watched you for the past three years that I've worked here as you've walked around like the rest of us are nothing but servants to take care of you. Well tonight it's going to be different. Tonight you'll do exactly what I tell you, when I tell you, without question. Do you understand me?"
Karen nodded that she understood and waited for Dan's next command.
"Ok, now I'm going to tell you my rules. Number one: For once in your spoiled life you're going to let yourself go entirely, which means you can curse, swear or scream all you want. I want you to not only act but be the slut you've said you want to be. Number two: You'll do whatever I say when I say and number three: since you've asked me to fill you with my cum you need to leave it there. If you get pregnant so be it. Do you understand?"
Karen whimpered as she obeyed.
"Now, take your right hand off your ass and slip two fingers into your pussy. I want to see just how wet you are already."
Karen knew what was going to happen the instant she touched herself and shivered at the thought. In a matter of moments this young man had gotten her more excited than her husband had ever gotten her. Biting her lower lip to try and prolong what was going to happen she reached for her pussy and spread the lip with her fingers before gently touching her aroused clit. Instantly, her legs trembled and she began to fall forwards onto the bed as her orgasm flowed through her until she felt Dan's hands grabbing her waist and pulling her back so she was bent over the bed again.
"I didn't say you could lay down, slut. Now finish what I told you to do and put your fingers into your pussy."
Even in her dazed condition Karen obeyed and the fireworks went off again but this time she wasn't able to hold back as she began to slide her fingers in and out of her pussy. "Ohhhh, yessssssssss. Oh my god. I'm cumming. Ohhhh god, baby. No one has even been able to do this to me before. Yes... yes... yes... again... I'm cumming aaaaaaGGGGGAAAAIINNNNN. AHHHHHHHHH," Karen shouted.
"That's it you little mommy slut. Finger your pussy like a whore and make yourself cum all over your hand. I want to see just how much cum is going to be coating my cock when I slide it into you and fill your pussy with my cum."
"Do it. Put your cock in my cunt and fuck me. Oh, god I love the sound of that word... cunt... cunt... cunt. It makes me feel so wanton and depraved. My husband says that 'ladies' don't use such words but tonight I'm not a 'lady' am I? I'm a slut and I want to feel your cock deep inside of my cunt filling me with your cum. I need to know that I'm good for something to someone."
Dan stood silently when he heard her comment. So this was the reason for her behavior. She felt as if she was worthless because of what he husband was doing and not doing. "Ok, slut. I'll show you what you're good for. Reach between your legs and show me how much you want my cock inside of you. Grab it and put it right into that nice sweet cunt of yours."
Once again Karen did exactly as she was told to do and grabbed Dan's hard cock. As she wrapped her hand around it she realized that it felt bigger and harder than when she'd sucked it but she didn't care. She needed to feel it deep inside of her. Standing there, bent over with her pussy exposed to this young man, she knew she was about to cross a line that she could never come back from and didn't care. She had been faithful to her husband from the day they started dating and he'd repaid he with his comments about her enlarged body since the pregnancy and going off on his "business trips" to fuck his assistant. Tonight was her night and she knew exactly what she wanted as she brought Dan's cock to the gaping hole of her aroused pussy. "Here it is, shove that cock of yours inside of me and show me how good a mother-fucker you can be."
Grasping his cock, Dan slid it up and down Karen's pussy coating it with her juices. "Is this what you want, bitch? You want my cock inside of you? Pounding that sweet little cunt of yours just like some common street whore? You want to feel it stretching you and slamming into the back of your pussy? Tell me what you want, slut."
Instinctively, Karen began to rock back against Dan as she tried to capture his cock inside of her. "Fuck me. Stop teasing me with the beautiful hard cock of yours and fill my pussy. Fuck me hard and fast like a common slut. Give it to me, please. I can't take this much longer. Every time you hit my clit I can feel my pussy tingle. Please baby, fuck this mommy with your cock. Make me scream."
Hearing her plea sent Dan over the edge and he knew he couldn't wait any longer either. With one hand holding his cock, he grabbed Karen's waist with the other and entered her. Her pussy felt was so hot and wet that it felt as if he had entered a cauldron of molten lava that was sucking him into its very core, but he didn't pull back, instead with one single thrust he buried himself into her until he felt the tip of his cock press against her cervix deep at the bottom of her pussy.
"AAAAAiiiieeeeeeeee. Fuck, you feel so damn big. Oh... ohhhh... I'm... oh shit... I'm going to cum already. Hold me baby... pump that cock... of yours... into me. Harder... harder... that's it. Fuck... me... baby. Noooowwwwwww," she screamed as she her orgasm surged through her like an electric charge from her core to every part of her body.
Dan felt her pussy muscles spasm and grasp at his cock trying to milk his juices from him as her body trembled and shook beneath him. The sensation was almost more than he could take and he knew that with a few more stokes he'd be joining her in orgasmic bliss but a plan had formulated in his mind and he quickly looked at the clock he'd seen next to the bed. "11:30," he had plenty of time.
Reaching under her, Dan grabbed Karen's swaying tits and squeezed them as he lunged into her again causing the two to fall forward onto the bed. He was firmly planted inside of her and her legs were spread open for him. "Now it's my turn, baby. You said you wanted me to fuck you good and hard well I'm going to do exactly that. I'm going pound your pussy until I push my cock into your womb and then I'm going to cum inside of you. I'm going to pump so much of my hot, young, potent cum into you that you'll feel like you're going to explode. Maybe I'll knock you up. What about that? You want me to try and knock you up with my baby?"
Karen lay there slowly drifting down from her orgasm as she listened to Dan. Her body was already responding to his cock inside of her and she could feel breast milk spraying from her each time he squeezed her tits but it was when he said that he was going to try and get her pregnant that she suddenly felt as if she were on fire. She had never intended it to go so far and she wasn't actually sure she could get pregnant this soon after delivering her baby but the idea sounded deliciously wicked and wanton which was exactly what she wanted and needed. Let him fuck her deep and pump his load of cum inside of her. It would teach her son-of-a-bitch husband what he was missing by fucking his assistant. "Yessssss, baby. Do it. Fuck me deep and fill me with your cum. See if you can knock me up and fill me with another baby. Mmmmm... wouldn't that be marvelous... a baby from my fuck toy."
Dan didn't wait for Karen to say any more as he lunged into her, driving his cock against the entrance to her womb.
Karen could feel Dan's cock as it slid deep into her and slammed against her cervix. Stars flashed in front of her eyes from the pleasure/pain he was causing by slamming against her cervix each time he thrust into her pussy and from the way he was pinching and squeezing her breasts causing milk to spray from them to coat the bedding beneath her but she didn't care. He was giving exactly what she had wanted and needed. "AAAAAaaaaggghhhhh... Yeesssss... yessssss... fuck... me... hard. Fill... my... cunt... with... your... cock. Punch... a... hole... in... me... and... fill... me... with... your... cum. Yess... that's... it... fuck... me. You're... going... to... make... me... cum... again. Now... now... now... NOW... FILL... MY CUNT... WITH... YOUR... CUM... AND... KNOCK... ME... UP... AAAAAGGGGGHHHHHHHHH," she panted each time Dan drove into her.
Dan felt her pussy spasm and grip his cock once again but this time he didn't fight it and let his cum streak from his balls, up his shaft and deep into Karen's waiting pussy. "Here it is slut. Feel my cum filling your cunt? Feel it pouring into you? I'm going to fill you until it drips from you for a week," Dan yelled as he pushed his cock deep inside of her.
Whether it was seconds, minutes or hours neither cared as they both floated in the pleasure of their mutual orgasms. Until, finally unable to hold himself up any longer Dan rolled to his side, pulling his cock from Karen's pussy with a resounding "pop."
Karen continued to lay there, slowly returning from the world of euphoric bliss, thinking about what had just happened to her. This young man had treated her just as she asked but rather than feel degraded or used as she thought she would she felt alive for the first time in over a year. Her pussy felt deliciously sore from the fucking he'd given her and yet she craved more as their combined cum slid from her opening and coated her clit. But there was more; he had awakened feelings deep inside of her that had lay dormant since before she had become pregnant; feelings of a passion long gone from her marriage. Slowly she admitted that becoming pregnant had been a last desperate attempt to spark that passion, but instead her husband had begun to spend more and more time at the office. It wasn't until later that she had found out about the affair he was having with his personal assistant, but none of that mattered now. She wanted Dan again, but not just to fuck her, she wanted him as her lover... her passionate, caring, young lover. Turning her head she looked at him as he lay on his side with his eyes shut. "Dan?"
"Yes."
"You remember what I said earlier about not wanting you as a lover and how I only wanted you to fuck me?"
Dan's world seemed to crash in on him as he heard her question, but there was something in her tone that sent a thrill up his spine. "Yes. Why?"
"Well, I was wondering if you'd like to reconsider that and make love to me? I want to feel you sliding deep into me with all the passion we just shared, but... well... I don't know. I just would like you to make love to me if you're interested."
Opening his eyes he looked directly into Karen's as they lay there. "Does that mean I can kiss you?"
Smiling, Karen replied. "I think that would be a very good place to start."  
Moving closer Dan placed his hand on her face and brought his lips to hers. "In that case, I accept."