Another Sexy Holiday
byjanetnorway©

After our holiday in Australia my slave moved into my house on a permanent basis. She was quickly losing any inhibitions she had previously had and was enjoying her new found liberation. For the first couple of weeks she slept in a spare bedroom but I then allowed her to sleep on a blanket at the foot of my bed, her face when I told her this was a picture.

One of my rules was that whilst in my house or garden she was to be naked at all times. Another was that she had to ask for permission to speak unless spoken to first. She was free to masturbate at any time but she had to ask for permission first, a formality really as I did not intend to deny her, I enjoyed watching her do that.

The holiday in Australia was her first experience of public nudity but she had found it to be a great turn on. Because it was her first time I had deliberately selected a place where there would not be too many people so as not to frighten her too much. I now thought the time was right to take this a step further. This morning she had woken before me and prepared breakfast for us which we took onto the patio. It was a warm morning and the sun was already high in the sky and shining directly onto the patio, her nipple rings glinting in the sunlight.

We were both naked and I reached out, took hold of one of her nipple rings and pulled her towards me, at the same time forcing her head down to my semi erect cock. She hungrily took it into her mouth and began to suck and tease it, her tongue running around the now swollen head, her hand rubbing up and down the shaft. At the same time I started to run my fingers up her inner thigh getting closer and closer to her cunt which by now was very wet, she is a very horny woman and loses so much juice she has to be careful not to dehydrate. I reached her cunt lips with my fingers and began to stroke them and it did not take long for her lovely clit to poke it's head out from it's hood. 

I flicked it with my fingers, bringing gasps of pleasure from her and extra strong sucks on my cock. My balls tightened and I was close to cumming. I could feel her body trembling and knew that she was also close, but that she would not cum without permission. I felt the spunk rising up my cock and as I felt it nearing the top I told her that she could cum too. As the first spurt of cum hit the back of her throat she orgasmed, tightening her mouth on my cock, sucking it for all she was worth, the feeling was exquisite and my head was swimming with pleasure. She continued to suck my cock until the last drop of cum was taken from me and swallowed. I looked down and could see a puddle forming under her cunt, she had lost so much juice. She was still shuddering in orgasm and after taking my cock from her mouth I pulled her up, sat her onto my still erect penis and cuddled her until she stopped. 

We sat like that for a while as I stroked her body, slowly bringing her down from her orgasm. She gave me one of her "looks" that said "thank you Master", how I loved this woman. We then started to eat our breakfast and I told her that I had another surprise for her. We were going on another holiday but this time to a place where there would be thousands of other people in varying states of dress ranging from fully clothed to totally naked, of course, I told her, she would be totally naked most of the time even when shopping or just walking around the streets. Her eyes showed me that she was both excited and scared at the same time at the thought of this but she knew she had no option but to agree. I told her we were leaving that afternoon and were booked on the overnight ferry to France. 

Day 2. We landed in France in the early morning and as I intended for us to reach the resort on the south coast that day we wasted no time in starting the long drive. The weather was chilly but the forecast promised sun and as we approached Paris it broke through the cloud and the temperature quickly rose. After driving around the Paris ring road we settled down on the motorway that would take us all the way to our destination. My slave asked for permission to speak and asked if she could remove some of her outer clothing as she was getting too hot. I told her to remove everything except her blouse and short skirt, and to leave the buttons of her blouse undone. When she had done this I opened the side window of the car and the breeze blew her blouse open exposing her breasts. She purred with pleasure at the feeling of the warm wind on her body, her nipples hardened and I told her to recline her seat and play with them. Her nipples are so sensitive that she is able to cum just by playing with them, she says there is a direct link between them and her cunt, and it was not long before she asked if she could cum.

I told her she was not to but that she was to play with my cock instead. Now, she has signed an oath to worship my cock and can also cum by playing with it, so she was not only needing to cum by playing with her nipples but also by playing with my cock, a double dilemma for her. She slid her hand along my thigh and worked it up the leg of my shorts until she found my very erect cock, which she began to gently stroke. By now precum was oozing from my cock making the front of my shorts very wet so I told her to pull it down the leg of my shorts and to rub it with the palm of her hand.

As the precum landed on my leg I told her to scoop it up with her fingers and feed it to me, it tastes so sweet. The poor girl was silently screaming for an orgasm, giving me pleading looks with her beautiful big eyes, so I uttered the magic words "you may cum". She immediately pinched her nipples so hard she screamed in pain and then orgasmed with such force she rose from her seat, thrusting her cunt upwards as she came. Exhausted, she lay back in her seat, closed her eyes and dozed for a while.

Shortly after we came to a service area and as I needed fuel it seemed a good a place as any to have something to eat and drink too. I gently shook my slave awake and instructed her to put on her nipple clamps but to leave her blouse unbuttoned, leave the car and fill it with petrol dressed as she was. A look of alarm crossed her face as she realised that her breasts would be on show to the other customers. I assured her that in France such things did not raise eyebrows as they would in England so she hesitantly got out of the car and began to refuel it. Well of course what I had told her was not strictly correct. Whilst such a display would have gone unnoticed on a beach, a motorway service area was a different proposition altogether. As she stood by the car the breeze kept blowing her blouse open, exposing her nipple clamped breasts and very soon all eyes were upon her.

When she had finished refuelling the car she leant into the car to take the money to pay with from me, not realising that this also showed her beautiful butt cheeks, only when she felt the breeze on them did she remember she had no knickers on.

Her face turned a lovely shade of red but at the same time a small smile crossed her face and I knew then that she would enjoy the experiences to come. I parked the car and we walked to the restaurant, her blouse still blowing open in the breeze. Such a display however would not go down too well inside so I told her to button the blouse as far up as her belly button. This would still allow occasional glimpses of her breasts but not in an overt way that would attract the attention of the wrong people. We selected our food and sat down at a table where the next 'problem' arose. As she had no knickers on and her skirt was short then of course her cunt was on display to anyone who came close enough. She went to tug her skirt down to try to cover herself but I sternly told her not to do so, she was mine and I was proud to be seen with her and wanted people to see what a prize I had landed. When we had finished our meal we returned to the car and when the doors were closed I told her to remove all her clothing for the rest of the journey and that I would do the same. I think she was secretly enjoying this new found exhibitionism and quickly shed her blouse and skirt and when I too was naked we rejoined the motorway and continued our journey south.

After an uneventful couple of hours, apart from the playing with each others genitals and excluding the honks from lorry drivers when they realised my girl was naked, we were approaching our destination. When I told her this the frightened look returned to her face as she realised what lay ahead and that she would be naked in front of thousands of other people, something she had not experienced before. As we approached the gated entrance to the resort where we were to check in she tried to cover herself with her hands and arms but I told her not to, to be proud of her body and show it bodly and unashamedly. We checked in and drove to where we were to stay for the next couple of weeks, her eyes were agog at the sight of so many naked people carrying on their normal daily routines but in the nude. I glanced down at her cunt and could see that she was visibly wet and dripping onto the seat as she turned to look at me with a big smile on her face. She asked if she could speak and when I said she could she told me that she thought she was going to enjoy this holiday very much and the fun we were going to have.

However, the smile left her face when she realised that we would not be staying in a hotel but on a camping site in a tent. I explained that the resort hotel, although it was nudist, did not encourage overt behaviour and that we would have much more fun this way. This seemed to pacify her a little and we continued to the tent I had booked. This turned out to be larger and better equipped than she had imagined and her initial disappointment evaporated when she saw that it had proper beds, cooker etc. We unloaded the car which did not take long as we had no need to bring much clothing, my slave made us a drink and we sat down at the table provided with the tent. She still could not comprehend the sight of so many naked people and I could see that she was visibly excited, her nipples standing proud and hard on her breasts. It had been a long day and as nightfall came I told her that we were having an early night and that we would explore the resort the next day. We went to bed fairly exhausted and just laid together, cuddling each other until sleep overcame us. DAY THREE After a restful night we awoke to the sound of crickets chirping, a sound that always makes me realise that I am on holiday. The sun was already burning through the early morning mist and the scent of the Mediterranean flowers permeated the air. I needed to go to the toilet so I woke my slave who would attend to this need for me. As I have said before she has signed a pledge to worship my cock and this includes attending to it's every need whatever that may be, in this instance to be emptied of piss. Now in France the gents urinal is normally a wall with a trough and this site was no exception, there is no privacy but the French regard this as quite normal and it usually attracts no attention. However what is not normal is for a woman to stand and hold her mans cock while he urinates which is what my slave has to do, and after she has to wipe the last drips of piss from the end of my cock with toilet paper.

Unfortunately for her she also needs to piss and when she has finished attending to me asks if she can go to the ladies toilets. I tell her that there is no need and that she can piss in the gents trough, she looks at me with a slight shake of her head as if to say no way.

I draw my hand back and land a hard slap on her arse to remind her that defiance is not an option to a slave, a tear rolls down her cheek at the humiliation of urinating in public but I make it clear to her that she will whether she likes it or not. To encourage her along I place a hand on her pelvis and one in the small of her back to compress her bladder and force the piss from her and very soon a stream of piss starts and she pushes her pelvis forward so that the piss lands in the trough. Of course this attracts a few passers by to whom this must be a strange sight indeed and my slave is mortified at being on display in such a way, tears are rolling down her cheek as she sobs quietly.

When she has finished and wiped herself dry we return to our tent and she disappears into the partitioned off bedroom and throws herself down onto the bed. I can't have such a display of defiance so I follow her into the bedroom where I grab hold of her hair, pulling her out into the outer compartment and tell her to bend forwards over the back of a chair where I tell her to remain. I leave the tent and make my way to some nearby bushes where I am hoping to find a branch that I can use as a switch which I quickly do and return to the tent.

My slave has obeyed my order and remained bent over the chair and when she sees the switch knows exactly what is going to befall her. I see her buttocks clench as she waits for the first strike to land but I deliberately prolong her agony and wait awhile until I am ready. I ask her how many strokes she thinks she deserves and she replies that 10 would be a suitable punishment but being the generous sort of person that I am I decide that I will reward her with 20 strokes to be on the safe side.

After each stroke she thanks me and when I have finished she kneels before me and takes my cock into her mouth as my reward for furthering her education in the art of sexual slavery. I quickly cum with her administrations, tell her that we will now shower and to fetch our toiletries with her to the shower blocks where another surprise awaits her as there are no separate male/female blocks and that none of the shower cubicles have doors. We find an empty cubicle and I tell her that we will share it together, which I know she likes, however what she is not ready for is the hot water landing on her freshly whipped arse which stings like hell and I see her face wince with pain. She dare not complain however as she knows this will only lead to further punishment so she gets on with the task of washing my cock and balls, lovingly soaping them with her hands.

When I am satisfied that they are as clean as they can be I tell her to turn her back to me so I can wash her hair and back, all the while my cock is pressed between her arse cheeks, sliding up and down as I wash her. I then turn her around so I can wash her front starting with her face and neck and then down to her breasts which she thrusts forwards as if begging me to touch them. Well who could resist and I run my soapy hands round her globes, under them, lifting them in my hands and kissing each nipple before gently pinching them to full hardness. I then continue down over her tummy until I reach her cunt which I cup and rub with the palm of my hand until I feel her clit emerge from it's hiding place.

The feeling of my hand soon brings little gasps of pleasure from her and she looks at me with pleading eyes, but I say not yet my darling, wait. I take the shower head from its holder and rinse all the soap from our bodies and replace it when I am satisfied no soap remains on us. Now my darling I say and lift her leg up, exposing her freshly washed cunt which by now is nicely swollen and ready for entry. I rub the top of my cock against the tip of her clit and she purrs like a cat as she tries to impale herself onto it but I pull back before pushing hard into her in one thrust, feeling my balls slap against her as she cries out at such a brutal entry. She then realises that we are in full view of others that are using the shower block and her cunt grips my cock as she panics at the situation but I whisper into her ear that everything is fine and that she should enjoy this new experience.

As I had only cum a few minutes before I am able to last longer and we soon settle down to a rhythmic good old fashioned fucking session. My girl however has not cum yet today and she soon begins to build towards her first orgasm, her cunt gripping tighter and tighter as she nears her peak, her eyes roll upwards as her orgasms rolls over her, body shaking and cunt clenching my cock as she moans into my chest. Her legs are weak but she does not fall, being impaled on my cock which is still pumping into her and she soon begins heading for another orgasm which, knowing her, will be even better than the first. She cums again with a rush which takes me by surprise, exciting me so much that I cum as well, filling her cunt with yet more hot spunk. When we have both finished cumming and begin to relax we notice we have attracted quite a crowd of onlookers who loudly applaud us for the show we have given them. Some of the men are sporting erections and a few lucky ones have women stroking their cocks for them. My girl and I wash the cum from our legs and leave the shower block, giving a bow to the audience as we leave.
