Introduction

Ianto gazed out of his office, watching his team working below. He smiled proudly. They were a good team – and the new archivist had settled in nicely, although he was a little shy.

He left his office, heading to the autopsy bay. Tosh was working on their latest alien opponent. Dr. Toshiko Sato, medical officer of Torchwood 3, graduated top of her year from the University of Oxford. Ianto had approached her during her final semester, and she had practically snapped his hand off. She smiled when she noticed him watching her, quickly returning to her alien.

Ianto moved on. Gwen Cooper, IT specialist, was working on fully integrating Ianto’s new mobile phone with the Hub’s systems. Knowing Gwen, she would incorporate a total upgrade to the top of the range phone. Earth technology had nothing on what Gwen had available to her. She did not even notice Ianto as he watched her working. He pointed to a more efficient shortcut for himself, before moving on.

In the kitchen area, he found Owen Harper. Ianto had tried to include Owen in fieldwork, but the man was happier co-ordinating missions from the Hub. He had the coffee on, bringing another smile to Ianto’s face. No-one made coffee quite like Owen’s. Ianto collected his, then headed back to his office. He sipped slowly, watching Owen distribute coffee, before heading out of the cog door to the Tourist Information Office. It always amused Ianto that a Londoner knew so much about Wales!

He opened his comms to the newest member of his team. Jack Harkness had been Senior Archivist at the British Library. Well, before Ianto had headhunted him and shown him a different sky! Jack hadn’t been with him long, but it was long enough for Ianto to know that he had made the right choice. Within two weeks, Jack had settled well into the team, A – B was already in order, and he had shown signs of making an excellent field officer, with training. And, Ianto grinned, he was easy on the eyes! Summoning Jack to his office, Ianto returned to his desk, pulling up Jack’s file, and opening the provisional training plan he had organised.

Five minutes later, Jack entered Ianto’s office, coffee in hand. He took a seat, as directed, opposite Ianto. Jack fidgeted nervously. His new boss intrigued him. He was younger than all of his team, but they all had the utmost respect for him. Jack had had a brief glimpse of this during his short time with Torchwood, and he was looking forward to seeing more. But what intrigued him most was the fact that he couldn’t look Ianto in the eye without feeling... well, for want of a better word, aroused. Ianto’s blue eyes bore deep into him wherever their eyes met, and Jack was sure what he felt was not appropriate for the workplace!

Jack glanced up as Ianto handed him a piece of paper. It was his training plan, broken into sections, and trainers. Ianto, himself, was undertaking most of Jack’s training in the field, including weapons training. Jack had been scheduled for systems training with Gwen, and field medic training with Tosh. Owen, Jack noted, would not be involved in training him.

“My plan” Ianto started, “is to get you into the field as much as possible.” He tried to gauge Jack’s reaction. “I know I hired you as an archivist, but, in the field missions you’ve been involved in, you’ve shown good potential. And, I really can’t afford two team members remaining constantly in the Hub. Any questions?”

Jack sipped his coffee, considering Ianto’s words. He loved working in the archives, but field work would be a whole new challenge for him. And Jack relished new challenges.

“That would be great, thank you, sir,” he replied. “When can we start my training?”

“Ianto, not sir.” Ianto stated. He noticed Jack blush. “We can start with weapons training after work today, if that’s convenient.” Jack nodded. Ianto flicked through some of the paperwork on his desk. Jack had requested an electronic database to record the archive contents and allocate reference numbers. Ianto looked up to speak when Gwen barged in.

“I’ve got your phone,” she started, then noticed Jack. “Oh! Sorry. I’ll come back... ”

“No. No, Gwen. Your timing’s fine.” Ianto glanced at Jack. “We were just finishing up here, and I was coming to you anyway. Can you help Jack set up a database for the archives? He’ll let you know what he needs. Is that everything? Ok, let’s get back to it.”