Emma Goes Swimming
by RoseENF

Emma Goes Swimming. Part 1

Emma sat at home in her underwear trying to keep cool as the summer temperature continued to rocket. Its been one of the hottest summers in history.
Eventually Emma had enough she stripped out of her underwear and changed into her favourite red bikini, over it she wore a short pair of denim shorts a loose-fitting white t shirt and pair of old trainers. Finally she tied back her brown shoulder length hair into a ponytail and headed out. Half a mile away from where Emma lived was a secluded bit of river surrounded by vast empty fields, the sun was out in full force not a single cloud to halt it relentless heat.
Eventually Emma reached her secret swimming spot, on hot days she loved to come swimming here. In the middle of the river sat a small rocky island with shallow water flowing around it, the island was formed like a small hill steep on all side. From one side of the island you couldn’t see the other. The river was a natural bowl shape here a few steps up stream from the island and the water was waist deep.
Emma was nineteen and had been coming to this spot swimming for years and not once had she come into contact with a single person. Emma kicked off her sandals then stripped down to her bikini and waisted no time getting in the water.
After half an hour of swimming Emma got out the water and sat on the rocks admiring the peaceful surroundings, the sun quickly dried her slim athletic body. After a few minutes she was boiling again, the sun was beating down hard with still no clouds to be seen. Emma looked down at herself, she admired her toned pale body from her perky little B cup chest to her toned stomach and toned muscular legs rounded off by her perfectly formed little bum. As she admired her own body a thought creeped into her head.
Nervously looking round Emma quickly undid her bikini top dropping it next to her shorts and with another nervous look around she dropped her bikini bottoms. Emma stood on the little island completely naked the sun warming every inch of her exposed skin. Emma stepped forward into the water and walked out to the point where it reached her waist. Taking a deep breath she set out swimming again. The water felt amazing flowing round her nude body, Emma couldn’t help but wonder why she never thought to skinny dip before it felt so liberating.
After a few laps Emma decided to head back and get dressed, hearing a noise she stopped and looked up stream treading water. To her horror she spotted a small kayak coming down the river, it was to late to dash out the water and get dressed the people would see her naked. Emma had one option stay put and hope that they didn’t realise she was naked as they passed by. As the kayak approached Emma could see it was a young couple approaching a guy and girl.
“How’s the water” asked the guy as he slowly drifted past Emma
“L..Lovely” Emma said nervously the girl in the back of the kayak smiled and waved at Emma not saying a word to the girl in the water.
“Let’s stop here and have a swim too” she leaned over and whispered to her partner. Emma swam a little closer to the island keeping an eye on her clothes and the couple as they both hoped out into the water. Emma’s feet found the rocky bottom of the river and she sat crouched and waiting for the couple to lift the kayak out the water and over the island to the other side where the water was deep again.
But that didn’t happen the girl stripped off her cargo shorts and t shirt underneath she was wearing a white bikini and jumped into the water for a swim as the guy secured the boat. Emma looked down to the island, her clothes were on the right side and the guy was tying up the kayak on the left side. Emma then watched as the guy stripped off his shirt and jumped in the water with his black shorts on. Emma could near breathe a sigh of relief as the guy was far enough away from where she had left her clothes to not notice her discarded bikini on the rocky ground. “Don’t mind if we join you?” he called out as he to jumped in the water and began swimming along side his partner. Not wanting to raise suspicion Emma just called back “Not at all” and started swimming again hoping to stay hidden under the water and hoping the couple wouldn’t realise she was naked.
After what seemed like forever the couple made there way back to shore and stated to move the kayak over the island, they had spent ages swimming with a naked girl and didn’t even realise Emma laughed to herself. Emma swam back toward the shore as the woman once again came into view “Forgot the paddles” she called out with a smile. Bending over and picking up the two paddles she looked confused at Emma “You are staying in?” she called out
“Few more laps then am done” Emma answered nervously turning and swimming back up the river.
“You must be fit swimming for so long without a break, anyway, enjoy your day” Emma looked back to see the woman jog off across the island. Nervously she swam back to shore and slowly exited the water, Emma crouched down covering herself as she watched the couple get ready to set off on their journey again. Not wanting to risk been caught she dashed to her clothes relived to be able to get dressed at last.
To Emma’s horror she discovered her clothes were missing! All of them! Emma realised when she turned her back on the woman to swim away, she must have spotted her clothes and snatched them. “That bitch” Emma muttered to herself as she now had only one option. She stood up straight covering herself with her hands and quickly stepped over the rough stones of the island to the other side “Oi, where’s my clothes?” She shouted at the couple who upon seeing the embarrassed naked teen burst out laughing as they cast off down stream towards a section of rapids. “Right here love” called the woman holding up Emma’s top and shorts. As they entered the rapids and started to speed away the woman threw all Emma’s clothes over the side. As they took off downstream laughing. Emma watched as her bright red bikini was swept downstream before sinking to the bottom.
She was now stranded naked and embarrassed wondering how she was going to get home now.



