Brenda's First BDSM Club Experience
by Linemstr814

First experience at BDSM and forced exhibitionism in a club.

We were in D.C. for one of my business meetings. Brenda and I played BDSM games at home pretty routinely as part of our sex life, but, because of our professions, we couldn't afford taking a risk of joining a BDSM club locally. However, we both decided that if we found one during one of my business trips, we'd take advantage of it if we thought it was clean and safe enough after checking it out.

We had found one the night before just south of the Capitol Building in an industrial area, but the area was well-lit and seemed safe. We agreed that the first night we'd just walk around and see if Brenda were comfortable playing the second night.

Inside, we were warmly greeted by the staff, found that they would admit walk-ins if they were out of towners, and the cost was reasonable. They let us walk around to see what they offered. It was a typical dungeon with non-absorbent covers on all the equipment and wipe-down spray bottles and cloths. There were a wide variety of slaves, all in various manner of undress and more than adequate equipment so nobody had to wait long for anything. One had to ask permission or be invited to join someone else's session, and that individual rules by participants in a session had to be respected. Anyone could watch any action going on without joining in. There were St. Andrews' Crosses, spanking benches, hoist bars, varieties of seating bondage equipment, posts, stocks, cages, etc. There were changing rooms and lockers for personal play equipment.

When we returned to the hotel, I asked Brenda if she wanted to go back the next night and participate. She said she did if I were sure I wanted her to be a submissive in a crowd. I thought to myself, "Is she kidding??!"

We had an understanding that no matter what the scenario, I would never allow anyone else to fuck her with his dick...in any hole. The other hard limits were that I'd never do, or let anyone else do, anything to her so serious as to cause bruising, draw blood, or cause severe pain. Anything else was OK. It was just as well, because we learned the club, as most, did not allow real intercourse, even among partners.

Brenda is a medium-height blue-eyed true blonde. Her pussy hair is very light blonde as well, but she kept it shaved bare and slick as a baby's ass from front to her ass. Her figure is outstanding, with trim hips and legs to die for, and breasts which are medium build and stand out pertly from her chest as if begging for constant attention. She has large inner pussy lips and an engorged clit which is constantly ready...and everything between her legs is fully visible from both front and back due to that tiny triangle formed where her trim legs meet her pelvis! Even her asshole is visible from the rear!!

The next night, we went to the club. She had worn a black shift with no underwear so as not to leave any lines. She had a light, long black topcoat on because of the cool weather. She changed in one of the rooms and came out wearing what I'd picked out for her...a skimpy black bikini and black heels. The bikini was all pull-ties, so it'd be easy to get off. This was not lost on Brenda, and she was noticeably nervous...knowing something of what was to happen that evening!! However, she really knew nothing...nor did I. We both knew she'd eventually be tied somehow and naked...with all her sex totally exposed for viewing by everyone, and toying by...anyone I chose who was interested!! I just decided to play it by ear. I put a leash and collar on her with a short length of chain in back, and I cuffed her hands behind her back, pulling them up and attaching her wrists to the short chain at the end of the back of her collar! I also put a blindfold and ball-gag on her and led her out into the dungeon! Immediately, all eyes...at least all the MALE eyes...were on her!!! They seemed to follow us around, eager to see what I was going to do to her!!

I quickly surveyed the devices, but there was one that stood out in my mind that was better than all the others from the standpoint of the number of things that could be done to Brenda. It was a 6' tall cage of iron rods going from floor to top, with a door barely wide enough for a person to slip through. There was also a 1' square hole in the back about ass level so there was no obstruction to...well...someone's ass! The cage was only about 1' in width from front to back, so there was only just enough room for a person, and he/she would be squeezed inside.

I led Brenda over to the cage, opened the door, and helped her to squeeze herself inside. She knew immediately what it was and began whimpering. I placed black tape around the edges of her blindfold, and uncuffed her hands to raise her arms up over her head, and re-cuffed them after putting them through the bars across the top of the cage!! I pulled her hands through the bars far enough so that she had to stand a bit on tiptoe with her legs separated somewhat to keep her balance. I detached the leash, shut the door, and latched it. There was no need for a lock. She'd never get it open with her hands above her head. The cage wasn't very wide, but the way she was tied would keep her from closing her legs completely!! She was truly at my mercy in there, or the mercy of whomever I wanted to torment her in my place, or to assist me!! The front to back width of the cage was so short that her breasts were forced between the front bars of the cage, aided by my teasingly pulling on the nipples and sides of the breasts to fit them all the way through! She was magnificent...and trapped...and I'm sure she realized that she would soon be totally exposed to everyone in the room!!

I left her there for a while...letting her mind run wild with the possibilities. She could hear people milling around her, but there was nothing she could do but mew unintelligibly into her gag. As I watched her breathing get more and more rapid, and her moaning into her gag become more and more intense, I decided it was time. By now, most of the interested guys had become bored and gone on to other scenes in the room. One guy remained near us. He seemed intensely interested and walked over to Brenda two or three times to give her a good inspection.

Then he came over to me and asked," Are you waiting for someone to join in your fun, or just taking your time?"

He was nicely dressed and seemed pleasant, so I asked, "Do you want to strip her naked?"

He seemed astonished, but said, "Sure! Is that all I'm allowed to do?"

"Well," I said. "If you want to toy with her breasts and finger her pussy a bit, it'll be OK with me, but you'll have to hide fingering her pussy from the dungeon-master. I don't mind, but they don't allow sexual stimulation in here, as you know. Oh...she's very ticklish, too. I'll stop you when I want to take over. Just be sure not to give away the fact that you're a stranger."

He nodded, smiled, walked over to Brenda, and said nothing...just pulled the strings of the bikini top behind her neck! She felt them drop down her back and felt the top slip just a little. She hated to be tickled, but she always had fabulous orgasms when tickling was part of the foreplay. He seemed to know what he was doing and certainly was no novice!! He started at her elbows and danced his fingers slowly down to her armpits...and on down across the sides of her breasts, and back up again...up and down.

At this, Brenda started shaking her head violently and squealing loudly into her ballgag!!

"MWAW...MWAW...MWAW!! NNNNNNNNN...MMMMMNNNNNNNN!!"

Then he went behind, pulled the back strings of her top, and pulled it off in one sweep, being careful to be gentle with the trapped breasts between the bars in front! Suddenly, Brenda's magnificent breasts were exposed to everyone in the room, and other male interest suddenly increased once again!! I noticed that her ass fit very nicely into the 1'-square hole in the bars, intended for full access!!

Brenda's interest was piqued once again as well. Now she knew for certain that in a very short time, she would be stark naked in the cage, her most secret places totally available for arousal beyond her control!! Now she was shifting her weight from one knee to the other and unconsciously trying to close her legs. Now her breathing was very rapid and deep, in anticipation of what was next.

Several men were now standing around the cage, knowing what was next...but not just when. I moved closer to the cage just in case someone wanted to join in the scene uninvitedly.

He moved to the front of the cage and softly kneaded her breasts, tickling the sides and nipples a bit! He handled her gently but forcefully at the same time. Immediately, I could tell she knew it was not me who was kneading and lightly tickling her tits!! It was intensely arousing for her, as I knew it would be!! She moaned audibly into her gag and shifted from one knee to the other. I knew she was wondering if I'd let him take off her bikini bottoms...knowing I would, but not yet wanting to admit it!!

When she felt his hands move to the side strings of the bikini bottom, she looked directly at me...although she couldn't see me...as if pleading for me not to let him do it!! But...I knew that she knew I would!! He undid one side of her bottom, and He moved to her back and started lightly tickling the backs of her legs. Try as she might, she could not keep from struggling, and screaming into her gag! After he untied the other side, still tickling her legs, it was only seconds before her struggles caused the bikini bottoms to flutter down to the bottom of the cage. He retrieved them and gave them to me...and, standing between Brenda and the dungeon master, who was on the other side of the room, proceeded to toy with her clit!! I whispered for him to stop tickling her legs when he wanted her to cum, because I knew she couldn't cum as long as she was being tickled. He was obviously an expert. He slid his finger along her clit up and down...and with each pass, he'd bury his finger deeply up inside her pussy and back out again across her clit. At the same time, he was licking and sucking on her nipples trapped between the bars of the cage!! There was no escaping the multiple teasings...and then there was the tickling!!

I knew Brenda's humiliation was intense....stark naked in a tight cage...hands robbed of their ability to hide or protect any of her private parts, which were completely on full display for a room full of strangers...and I'd given at least one man permission to strip her and toy with her pussy in full view of the assembled patrons surrounding the cage!! I also knew that it was also the most arousing experience of her life...a true dream come true!! It didn't take Brenda long to begin to feel the orgasm building!! I could tell by her breathing and moaning!!

Apparently, he could tell as well, and stopped the tickling! Soon, she had a shattering orgasm right there in front of everyone. "Keep it up," I whispered into the guy's ear. Don't stop, no matter what!!"

He grinned, understanding fully!

Again....Brenda quickly felt the orgasm building, when I picked up a short single-tailed quirt, and a leather paddle. I began by giving her ass a workout with the quirt. She jumped every time I sliced the quirt through the air across her ass. After about a minute of this, I started whacking her ass with the leather paddle. The combination of being spanked and having him work on her clit soon caused another humiliating, embarrassing massive orgasm!! She slumped a bit after it passed, but he kept working on her pussy...sliding a finger across her clit up and done, inserting it deeply up into her pussy and out again, and across the clit, in and out, up and down, now rather fast!!

Brenda had never been able to cum more than twice in a row, but my bet was that tonight would be a record-breaker for her!! I whispered to another couple of guys to start tickling her sides from armpit to hip! I resumed tickling her feet. The intense tickling virtually all over and the onslaught in her pussy was driving her crazy!!

Her moaning and breathing gave her away as usual, but this time there was a lot of head-tossing and shifting her weight from one knee to the other as well...letting me know that her frustration was intense...needing to cum, but not able to concentrate enough to do so because of the tickling!! I motioned for the guy working on her clit and pussy to move to one side and took a few swipes across her exposed breasts with the quirt!! She howled and struggled, but there was nowhere to go to escape the stings!! It just added to the arousal the guy was creating in her pussy. I motioned for the tickling to stop, and, it was no time at all until the third massive orgasm hit her, and the guy still did not stop!! Brenda was going nuts!!! I checked to see where the Dungeon Master was. He was still on the far side of the area. If he knew what was going on, he was in no mood to stop it, obviously, rules or no rules!

I gave the man a battery-powered Hitachi vibrator I had brought with me, and he went to work on her clit with that. Very soon...as expected...Brenda started giving everyone the signs that another orgasm was looming. I went behind her and slid my finger along her ass-crack!! This surprised her, but did not lessen her arousal...!! Of course, given the number of fingers and hands on her naked body, she had no idea whose finger was in her ass-crack. I slid my finger up inside her pussy from behind to wet it, and then, as I slid if up and down across her ass, I twirled my finger around her asshole, rimming it...and then flicked just the first knuckle in and out of her ass rapidly...then slid it all the way up inside her ass and back out, flicking the knuckle in and out rapidly again...then rimmed it....and continued this torment in addition to the Hitachi constantly on her clit!!

This time, her orgasm...her fourth...truly a record-setter...was far more shattering than anything she had ever experienced before!!! If her hands hadn't been cuffed to the top bars, she'd have slumped totally against the bars of the cage. I motioned for everyone to step back and I opened the bars of the cage and uncuffed her hands!! There was a spontaneous round of applause from everyone assembled to watch what had happened to her!! I couldn't tell if this made her happy, or more humiliated.

I removed her ball gag and whispered in her ear, "So...did you like having that many hands on your most secret places at one time!! Not having any control??"

She responded simply, "OOOHHHHMIGOD!!"

I knew the answer. I re-cuffed her hands behind her back, again raising them to clip her wrists to the short chain behind her collar and removed the blindfold and ball-gag. I cuffed her ankles with a 2' piece of chain between them. "I want you to wander around the room just as you are, Brenda. I just found out that a lone female slave on her own is fair game for touching and toying...anywhere!!

So, for the next hour, I watched my submissive girlfriend walking naked and tied among a roomful of strangers, all of whom had full rein to do whatever they wanted with her, save the hard limits. I watched her have her breasts groped and sucked on and even whipped, her ass paddled and whipped, and by the way her knees buckled on occasion, she was being made to cum more times than I thought she had in her, which meant that, when the Dungeon Master wasn't looking, she was having her clit and pussy tormented and finger-fucked and her asshole rimmed and finger-fucked as well, and tickled virtually everywhere, as she was held tight and unable to escape any of the multiple simultaneous torments delivered everywhere on her naked body!! She could see what was about to happen to her and what was happening but knew better than to protest. She could do nothing to stop any of it.

Finally, I thought she'd had enough and was exhausted. Besides, it was getting late, and I had meetings the next day, so I stopped the action and returned Brenda to the changing room to freshen up a bit. I re-cuffed her hands behind her and made her go to the car wearing only the topcoat. Once in the car, I re-cuffed her hands to the seat headrest, unbuttoned the coat all the way down, and opened it widely to expose her naked body to anyone looking into the window!

"But...SIR!! I can't go all the way home in the car naked like this!!"

"Why not!? If we get stopped, the most you'll be guilty of is indecent exposure...and the cops might just have some fun, too!!" I grinned, and she knew there would be no escape....again!! We made it back to the hotel without incident, but...that's another story for another time!

