Tia's Game
by TailWeaver
Copyright© 2021 by TailWeaver

Chapter 9: Caught

The past few days had been a combination of thrilling and disappointing. The boys had indeed followed through, and other than when she did the dishes every other night, Tia was left alone. There was zero risk of any funny business whilst she was naked in her room, and while she agreed with their plan, her arousal and desires were decidedly unquenched. As she headed up to her room as soon as she got home after school she mused ’At least tonight was another date night and she could count on the boys making her feel good more than once. Much more than once’, she thought happily, if their last playtime had been any indication of what might happen in the future.

As she sat down at her desk a minute later, she felt that familiar thrill wash over her, even after three days of this. Three days of stripping down to nothing in her room. Three days of doing her homework, sans clothing, with her bedroom door open. Three days of praying for, and fearing, the confrontation that was sure to happen once her mother caught her. She was so keyed up, she could not wait for this evening, for their parents to go out, to get herself tied up and helpless yet again. She had forgotten to get a drink before rushing upstairs, so when Terrence stopped by, just to take a quick look, she asked him to fill her covered tumbler with ice water for her.

“Sure ... but it would be funnier if you did it!” Terrence’s face was all innocent and playful, though his eyes darted around as if he knew he was being a bit over the top.

“I ... I can’t you know that!”

“I know, it would be funny though. Mom would freak out!”

“I, er, yeah. Can you please just get me my drink?” Tia tried to ignore her brother’s teasing, though the thought of just going down and shocking everyone was rather intriguing.

“Ok ok, I was just teasing!” Terrence said, leaving as quickly as he had popped his head in.

Tia had barely gotten into her social studies research when she heard the long-dreaded, although somewhat hoped for, explosion.

“Tia, I brought you your drink, I wanted to ... What the hell! Tia!”

Her mother had brought her drink upstairs, not her brother. Tia turned, looking at her mother like a scared animal, and tried to keep confident and not quail away in fear. She watched as her mother turned and shut the door and moved inside of her room, standing between Tia’s desk and her bed.

“What is going on! Your door was wide open!” Her mother stood glaring at her in alarm, her face turning red as her surprise overwhelmed her.

“I know, I know. Um. I was just...” Tia said, faltering as the reality of being caught became clear in her mind.

“Just what?”. Her mother’s voice sounded exasperated. Impatient. But surprisingly not angry.

“I wanted to try being like those naturist people. I was reading a lot about it online and it sounded” ... Tia was cut off as her mother broke in.

“Oh my god, you ... you have no idea, do you?” Her mother shook her head, looking at Tia as she continued to sit passively in her chair.

“No, I mean yes I know, I mean I think you don’t. I mean. It’s supposed to be freeing, and natural. And I’ve been so obsessed with how I look all the time. You know, um, up here.” she said, waving her hand in front of her small bust. “They said it helps people to just accept themselves. And I think it’s true!” Tia was getting rather worked up as she played her role, almost convincing herself that this truly was all about being natural. Nudism they called it.

“Oh, I know about that, but it’s much more than that. I mean, your brothers!”

“It’s not about anything like that, it’s about being natural, being me, no hang-ups. I can show you the links if you want.” Tia continued to explain herself, glad that her mother was still talking, glad that her mother had not thrown a fit and made her get dressed before talking with her. Glad that, so far at least, she appeared to be listening.

“You don’t have to give me any links. I know quite well what you are talking about. Nudists, Nudism, Naturists. It’s just, Tia, it’s not something people do on a whim like this!”

“I’ve been thinking about it a lot. These places all say it’s family-oriented. Not sex and swingers. And kids go. So what’s the problem?”

“It’s just.” Her mother continued to protest, though she seemed at a loss for words.

“I swear I love how this feels. Look. I am just not ashamed or hiding or anything anymore. It’s just me.” Tia turned to face her mother more directly, holding her arms out to the side briefly before turning back under her desk.

“But your brothers may not be so mature. And your dad may have a heart attack”

“I think you’d be surprised. They’ve seen me before and never said anything. Not a word!” Tia said, inwardly rejoicing as the conversation moved from disapproval to worries about the impact if she was naked.

“Of course not, they want you to stay like that”

“So. I told you. I. Don’t. Mind.” Tia repeated, again turning and facing her mother. She was not flaunting herself, not at all. But she was making a point that she was not ashamed. The fact that she was privately aroused and could not wait to do this all the time was not something her mother needed to know.

“I know, I know. It’s just, well, you know things could happen.” Her mother continued to protest, looking at Tia openly, not pulling her gaze away, making it a point to ensure that Tia knew she had seen her. All of her

Again Tia protested, this time coming to the defense of her brothers. “You think they’d do something to me without my approval? You think that little of them?”

“No no no no, It’s just ... boys are sometimes not very bright.”

Her mom’s arguments were starting to make less and less sense, unless she did not trust boys to ever behave, which was kind of sad, Tia thought, though if she knew what games they were already playing, she was sure her mother would not only have kittens, but it would somehow prove her point. “I guess. But I don’t see why that means I can’t do what I want. Their problems make it so I can’t be myself?”

“You’re right, that’s not very fair. I ... I will talk to them, and make sure they understand how proper gentlemen behave around a woman, no matter how she is dressed. Or not”

“I told you, they never said anything, and I’ve been doing this almost a week now.” Tia continued to make it seem that this was just her new normal.

Her mom shook her head, looking her over. “I am not sure this is very wise, and I don’t have time to discuss this any further. I came up to tell you that we were leaving early. Your father is taking me to dinner and a play, but the play is down the coast about an hour. I wanted to make sure you knew what I had left you guys for dinner. The boys will help, but you know you will have to make sure it gets done on time.”

“Oh. Well, sure, I mean no problem. I’m sorry if I surprised you it’s just, I dunno, I was tired of pretending. I, I’ve been waiting for you to find me so we could have this discussion.”

“You are awful mature for your age in some ways, it’s clear we are both going to have to change how we look at things. For now, I told you I’d talk to the boys and if you could just keep it upstairs, I won’t stop your, um, experimentation.” Her mother moved to the door, still appearing unconvinced, but at least she was willing to let her continue. For now.

“I told you, it’s not an experiment! But, I understand. I’ll keep it up here as you said.” Tia felt an odd mix of relief and excitement as her mother left, leaving her door open a fraction. She moved over to the door and opened it wide, proving her willingness to be as open as she claimed. She heard her mother stopping in Terence and Tim’s room, calling out for Thomas to join them. Returning to her studies, she wondered if the three would be able to reassure their mom. It was clear to her that they had been trying hard to behave and not do anything untoward for the last few days, surely they would not blow it now.

A bit later her mom stopped in her doorway, looking at Tia as she turned away from her homework.

“I’ve got to go get ready now, but I talked to your brothers, and made sure that I would not allow any improper behavior. They swore up and down that they would never say or do anything that would make you uncomfortable, so I told them I’d hold them to that. Now, you have to tell me if they ever do or say anything that makes you feel, you know, bad or embarrassed. You have to trust me. I promise I am only looking out for you.”

“Sure, mom. I will, you know, let you know...” Tia was trying to hide her smile. If mom only knew. “Um, you guys have fun okay?” she said, turning back to her homework casually as a cat, as if she was not secretly yearning for them to leave and Thomas to ostensibly be in charge once again.

Trying to concentrate on her studies, Tia struggled to think of her mundane task and ignore what she imagined would happen this evening. And what would happen as the days went by and she was nude, more and more often. She was still trying to make sense of her history book’s summary questions when Tim and Thomas came into the room.

“They’re gone, in case you didn’t hear.”

“Yep, and I’m in charge, as always,” Thomas said, smiling as the two of them stood looking at her.

“I know, I know,” she said, adding, “don’t worry, I know the rules. Of course, um, well, they are changing now, right? I mean...” she said, waving a hand at her naked body.

‘Oh yeah, we have new rules, first...”

“Wait, um, we should eat and stuff. Mom told me what she had left for us. After we get that done, especially if we eat early like this, we will have extra time for your game. Or whatever” Tia said, her excitement and anticipation bubbling just below the surface.

“Yeah, food is good. Then we won’t have to untie you or anything” Tim said, looking at her with a suggestive gleam in his eye.

Tia got up and went to her dresser, grabbing her usual t-shirt and shorts she wore after school.

“You won’t need those. Not tonight.”

“But mom said, um, just upstairs.”

“Yeah, but she also said I’m in charge. Even though it’s not after dinner and our game time, the rules start now. And that’s the first rule. No clothes until, mmm, until you come downstairs tomorrow!” Thomas looked at Tim for approval before nodding at her as she put her clothes back on top of her dresser.

Walking down to the kitchen, accompanied by two of her three brothers, Tia felt a little daring, a little ‘something’. Sure, they had tied her up and had her naked before, on the chair or bench, but this was different, much more casual, much more as if it was normal to be naked walking across the carpet or into the kitchen. Maybe it was going to be her new normal, she thought, her skin tingling a little as her feet hit the cool tile floor in the kitchen.

Opening the fridge, Tia got out the food that their mom had gotten ready, setting the pasta on the counter as she got the prepared salad out as well. The cool air of the fridge wafted over her, and her already hard nipples crinkled even more as the cold hit them. She turned to ask her brothers for help heating the pasta, but they had already disappeared. Deciding to slow warm the food in the oven rather than nuke it and make the pasta rubbery, she set the oven temperature and dished up, and prepared the salads for later. While waiting for the oven to preheat, she went upstairs and grabbed her phone, returning to the kitchen and leaning against the counter as she checked messages and surfed the net for a bit. The sound of the oven-ready beep made her put down the phone and grab the pasta casserole dish. Bent over, carefully putting the food on the hot oven rack, she heard a happy voice behind her.

“Now that is how I like my food cooked!”

Standing up and turning around to see Thomas grinning at her, she felt a renewed dampness between her thighs as her body reacted to the knowledge she had been giving him a show. Flustered, she set the timer and made sure everything else was ready before attempting to leave the kitchen. Forestalled by Thomas’s raised hand, she moved in front of him at his unspoken beckon, his hand encouraging her closer. Standing in front of him she could feel his eyes on her and her arousal, poked into life by her bent overexposure, flamed higher. He turned his hand on edge and wiggled his fingers, waving his hand from side to side and she realized after a moment what he wanted. Silently obeying, she flushed again as she obediently parted her legs, moving her feet about two feet apart. She watched his hand slowly move downward. Slowly ever so slowly moving in between her legs, until with a gasp, she felt his hand side easily up one of her inner thighs, tingles of pleasure emanating from every inch of skin he touched. When the side of his hand pressed up against her damp slit, she bit her lip, her face flushed and eyes lidded with arousal as she stood there, letting him play with her like some sort of doll.

“Hey! I thought the game was not until after dinner!”

Terrence’s bright voice interrupted Tia’s enjoyment of her brother’s hand, though she continued to stand compliantly in front of Thomas, feeling his hand slide back and forth against her increasingly damp labia.

“I couldn’t wait. Besides, I wanted to see if Tim was right.”

“Right about what?” Tim came in, joining his brothers as they gathered around their naked sister.

“You know. Um, that she is probably enjoying this all the time, not just, you know, when tied up for the game.”

“Ah, and is she?”

“What do you think?” Thomas said as his hand slid back and forth a couple of times while everyone watched before turning his hand and sliding a finger up and down her slit a couple of times. As he teased her opening, Tia could not stop wriggling a little, the pleasure was quite intense. Flushed, she pushed back eagerly at his touch, making it clear to everyone that she was, indeed, enjoying this.

“God I can’t believe she lets us do this” Thomas said to Tim, all the while he continued to finger Tia’s increasingly aroused cunt.

For her part, Tia was a little conflicted. It felt amazing, and the way her skin tingled and her body reacted was so intense, so wonderful, she wanted to feel like this all the time. She began to see why people made so much of a deal about sex and how fun it was. As she stood there, her knees wobbling a little as her body began to feel even more powerful waves of pleasure hitting her, she did wonder briefly if she was going too far. She had started all of this as a way to see how things might be like without being too risky. She could not tell her friends, or at least she hadn’t dared tell anyone except Katie. And things had definitely gotten different with her. She could not imagine what it would be like if anyone else knew, it had been scary enough telling Katie. She had started with her brothers, in the safety of her home, and as things had progressed, she was both enjoying it a lot more and beginning to worry if she was maybe going too far. For now, though, she was going to just enjoy it. As she dropped her gaze for a moment, it was clear her brothers were enjoying it as well, though Terrence moved to hide his physical reaction when he saw her glance across his waist. She still was not completely sure what she thought about them getting erections. She knew enough from health class, and comments at school, that boys sometimes had little to no control over their dicks even in normal situations. And this was not a normal situation at all, she thought, gasping as Thomas’s finger slid a little deeper, curling a bit and rubbing that spot just inside that she was coming to really like being touched.

“Well, hurry up and come to our room, we gotta finalize our plan for tonight,” Tim said, nodding at Thomas and Tia before turning to go upstairs, Terrence following behind him. She could hear Terrence’s voice piping up as they went upstairs, though she could not quite make out what he was saying.

Thomas continued to play with her for a few more moments before slowly pulling his fingers out of her, holding them up to look at them before reaching back down and wiping them off on her left buttock. “I better go make sure they don’t plan something dumb,” he said by way of explanation, leaving her to stand there aroused and unsatisfied.

This was all part of her new game though, she thought, the tingling in her body and excitement still coursing through her body. Getting ‘worked up’ was something she looked forward to, that was for sure, and knowing that they were going to continue later was all she needed to be okay with the tease.


Chapter 10: Another Game Night

Their early dinner was marked by more than a few comments about her naked body, though nothing untoward happened while they ate. Just a lot of looks, and secret glances between the three boys. They were up to something, she was sure of it, and that just made the anticipation better. She had calmed down from earlier, but her body was still primed for something more, and as she tried to imagine what they’d do after dinner, she could feel a pleasant warmth just waiting inside of her.

“Ok. Time for the games.” Thomas said as if everyone was not already on pins and needles. “Tim and I have dishes, so while we do that, you need to go get dressed for the start of your interrogation.”

Tim chimed in, explaining “Terrence decided that what he likes the most is taking your things off as he searches, and since he goes first, we figured why not. But don’t worry, you will be nice and naked the rest of the night. All night.” He and Thomas looked at each other briefly before standing up and gathering the plates.

A few minutes later, Tia walked into the main living room where they had played the last few times and noted that the bench was again placed prominently between the couches and the television, a pile of ropes curled on one end. Terrence was sitting on one couch, watching something, though he paused when she came in. She had gotten dressed as if she was going to school, down to shoes and socks, as well as a full set of underwear. She had one of her favorite boy band cotton tee shirts on, and the skinny leg jeans she thought she looked the best in. She had debated about wearing a skirt, or some sort of combination with her sleep shirt, but the more she thought about being searched and stripped, the more she wanted to be wearing something normal, something every day. Just thinking about it, looking at Terrence, she began to get all worked up again.

“They should be done in a minute or so,” Terrence said, sitting nervous and quiet as she sat down near him and tried to not overthink things. She was going to let them search every inch of her body, stripping her completely, and likely making her cum in front of them. And it was all secretly her idea. The anticipation was working its way within her, and she felt quite on edge, quite eager to get started.

She looked up to see the other two come into the room, Thomas exclaiming “Good, good, you got things ready while we did the dishes. Good job. Now we don’t have to wait!”

Her other two brothers settled into the couch directly in front of the bench and TV, and Thomas motioned at Terrence. “It’s Terrance’s turn to go first, as you know, so why don’t you guys stand up.” He paused as Tia moved to stand near the head of the bench facing the couch obliquely.

“Ms.Tia, so glad you have been so stupid as to be captured again. We know you are smuggling state secrets out to sell to the highest bidder, don’t try to deny it. Sergeant, search the prisoner. Make sure you search everywhere. That microdot could be anywhere!”

“You know and we know that we don’t need to pretend with a game like this but Terrence likes this part so we said sure.”

Tia shook her head at the mock story, though it didn’t matter much. It’s not like they had to come up with a new reason for searching, and stripping her. And judging by the ropes and bench - much more afterward. She was tingling on edge as she stood there, waiting for her little brother, and as he reached over to run his hands up and down her sides, she felt tiny goosebumps run all up and down her spine.

The others were silent but watchful as Terrence ran his hands up and down a few times before moving them onto her front and sliding upwards from her stomach, boldly sliding over her breasts and holding them for a second before continuing. He was a lot less tentative than the last time, and she was not surprised when he returned lower and lifted the hem of her tee-shirt, slowly raising it until she had to lift her arms while he worked it up and over her head.

“Oh that looks good, we should use her clothes to tie her up some time,” Tim said from his spot on the couch, and she flushed as she struggled to pull her arms free, her nipples achingly hard inside the cups of her pale blue bra. Terrence tossed her shirt onto the bench before returning his hands to her body, touching and stroking every inch of her exposed skin. He teased at her belly button, making her giggle a little before reaching up and playing with her bra, sliding a finger under the edge of each cup, over and over, moving deeper with each stroke until he was flicking each nipple in turn. Looking down, she could see he was aroused as well, and not bothering to hide it at the moment as he was otherwise occupied. She did not want him to be bothered by her gaze, so she only noticed it in passing, though she continued to look over at her other brothers, idly curious, as Terrence made her body ache while he ‘searched’.

Satisfied with her nipples, for now, Terrence reached down and began to run his hands all over her jeans-clad bottom, not shying away from rubbing across the front closure as well as firmly grasping her curved bottom. She swayed a little as he grabbed her, ‘searching’, and when he sat down on the edge of the bench and began to undo the snap to her jeans, she felt an answering rush of excitement well up from her sex. She was so aroused now, it was almost painful, and when his knuckles brushed against her panties as he worked, she could not stop herself from moaning a little, her excitement clear to everyone.

“That’s it Sergeant, search everywhere” she heard Thomas say, and glancing over she could see quite clearly that he was as excited as Terrence was. He was not even trying to hide it while he watched her and their youngest brother.

“Yes Captain, I will. I am” Terrence replied, pulling the opening of her jeans wide and reaching to the sides to work it down off of her hips. The jeans were tight, and he had to work to loosen them, every touch sending more and more tendrils of energy up and down her legs. Finally free of her hips, he pushed the jeans lower, leaving her pastel panties in place, pushing until they were stretched across her knees. With a suddenness that showed just how eager he was, she felt his hand slid between her legs, the small gap allowed by her jeans giving his hand plenty of room to slide upwards.

“God, she’s, um. Wet!” Terrence said as his hand came into contact with the overly damp gusset of her panties, his hand pressing up against her firmly. His hand wiggled side to side, pressing the soaked fabric against her sex, and she reached down to hold onto his shoulder as she felt her knees get a little wobbly.

“Yes, yes, all the best spies try to distract us from searching” she heard Tim say, and she looked at him with a surprised face. It wasn’t as if she was trying to distract anyone! As Terrence’s hand moved against her again briefly, before moving to grasp her bottom along with his other hand, she felt herself getting into the game completely. She wanted them to search her, very carefully now, and make those lovely feelings come back as well.

Standing as steady as she could, her legs trapped by her jeans and her knees admittedly a little weak, she felt Terrence push her panties down in the back, over her bottom, still leaving them in place in front. His hands were searching her skin, inch by inch, and she felt her body responding to every touch. He pulled back and pushed his hands up to her bra again, cupping each of her breasts as he squeezed them, feeling her nipples beneath his palms, each of them covered, but not hidden by the fabric of the cups of her bra.

Terrence dropped his hands back down and began to work her jeans even lower, though they were tight enough that he did not get very far. Stymied, he pulled back looking at her and then at her other brothers.

“You’re gonna have to get her shoes off first,” Tim said. Turning to look at him she could see that Tim and Thomas continued to watch their every move, especially as Terrence stood up, leaving her standing half-dressed and exposed before turning her away from the bench. Her bare bottom was pointed at the two older brothers as Terrence pushed back slightly. “Sit!” He said surprisingly confident, and she felt the cool faux leather fabric off the bench beneath her bare bottom as he helped her sit down.

Terrence knelt in front of her and slid one tennis shoe off and then the other. Leaving her white footie socks in place, he looked up over her knees as she sat half-bent on the bench. Grabbing the end of the pants leg, he pulled one down over her foot a bit of the way before repeating the motion on the other leg. Back and forth he went a couple of times until he was able to pull her jeans off and away from her feet, tossing them to the side of the bench.

Ignoring the fact that he was just tossing her clothes here and there, Tia watched as Terrence took one foot and placed it to the side, parting her legs and looking up at her damp panties. After taking a long look at her, he held out his hand “Upsy Daisy” he said, taking and pulling on her hand once she offered. As she stood up, her ‘barely still on her hips’ panties rushed forward and almost hit him on the nose before he backed up just a little bit. His hands returned to their inspection of her body, and she felt them run all up and down her legs, sliding along the back of her thighs and up over her exposed bottom. He repeated that a few times, making her more than a little weak in the knees before he switched to stroking the sides of her legs and hips once. Reaching up he pulled down on the waistband of her panties, stopping after only a few inches.

“God, she’s. I mean, she’s really wet!”

“Fuck, she’s facing away, I can’t see” she heard Tim say before he quickly moved to stand next to Terrence’s still kneeling body. “Oh god, I see!” he added, the two of them staring at her sex. She knew she was aroused, but it wasn’t like they had never seen her before. Curious, she looked down, not sure what they were looking at. All she could see were her very damp panties. And a long slick of some wetness stringing from her body to the fabric. ’ Oh. That. She really was wet,’ she figured, entranced with her arousal. These games did such a number on her, it was not surprising she was getting wetter and more wound up each week.

“Fuck!” Thomas had joined them, watching as Terrence slowly lowered her panties the rest of the way, the completely soaked fabric apparent when he took them off her feet and rubbed them across her stomach. Terrence added her damp panties to the discarded jeans on the floor and returned his hands to her bare bottom. The other two boys went and sat back down, but not before it was clear they were both quite affected by the sight. Thomas was even casually adjusting himself as if having a boner in front of the others was no big deal. Perhaps it wasn’t. Boys were weird, she thought briefly before ignoring the other two and concentrating on Terrence’s touch. Her little brother’s hands were molding and cupping her curved bottom, his fingers sliding along the crease between them. She felt both inspected and caressed, his actions both impersonal and quite personal. Gasping, she felt his fingertip graze across her butthole on one of his deeper grabs, and she looked down at him in alarm. He seemed to be oblivious to what he had done, and simply stood up and once again pushed his hands up her stomach, grasping her aching breasts before turning her around so he could undo her strap. As the last of her clothing, other than her socks, was removed, she felt the cool air on her already hard nipples, and she felt as if she was on the edge of something. Tingling energy was coursing through her, and as Terrence again turned her so her naked front was facing the bench, and her other brothers, she felt him slowly caress each of her breasts for quite some time. Her nipples were achingly hard, and every time his palm grazed across them, she felt a jolt shoot down to her aroused center.

“Nothing here sirs, permission to complete the search?” Terrence said, slowly playing with each of her nipples, rubbing them and twisting them slightly. Tia closed her eyes, the feelings washing over her making her long for more.

“Proceed, proceed Sergeant” she heard Thomas say, and as his hands left her breasts, she could feel them course their way down her body until one hand passed boldly over her wetness.

‘Oh god,’ she thought, breathing hard, her body reacting immediately to the direct touch. She felt herself gushing, and as soon as his finger slipped between her lips, she felt her knees go a little weak and she moaned aloud.

“She’s trying to hide something, I just know it,” Tim said, teasing, his voice coming from his spot on the couch. Tia opened her eyes, peeking out, seeing them all staring at her while Terrence slowly stroked her pussy, his finger sliding in and out of her slit. She gasped again when he slid the tip inside of her, probing, then sliding upwards, wet and slick, to push against her clit.

“Oh, god ... oh!” she said, her legs quaking and giving out, falling against him and pushing him back onto the bench, his hands going around her to hold her up, his damp fingers clutching at her hip.

“Hey! Careful! I think that’s good for now” Tim exclaimed, jumping up and helping the two to get situated, Tia sitting on the end of the bench as Terrence got out of the way.

“Yes. Very thorough search Sergeant you may sit down now”

Tim and Thomas had the rope in their hands as they moved to either end of the bench.

“Ok. Lay back. Hands up. You know the drill. Don’t pretend you don’t want to.” Tim’s voice sounded confident as if he was sure she would obey.

Without much thought about it, Tia obediently lay back and put her arms over her head, her earlier near orgasm making her eager for more. And it was always so good once they tied her up. Especially after the last time. When they teased her about not needing the game anymore. She must have cum three or four times that night. All while bound to the bench. Firm, steady hands took her hands and feet, one after another, and wrapped loops of rope around them. As Tim worked on her arms, pulling each one back quite firmly before tying off the end, she could feel herself starting to slide up on the bench. Thomas’s capture of her foot, and then the additional wrap around her lower leg, just below the knee, kept her in place once it was all secure on one side. She tested her bonds, not feeling much give as they repeated their actions on her other side, soon leaving her once again stretched long and bound firmly at the wrist, ankle, and knee to the padded bench.

“So obedient. Or should I say? Eager?”

It was Tim speaking now, and he moved to kneel at her side, his hand running up and down the length of her stretched chest. He ran over the bumps of her ribcage, over her nearly invisible (due to how stretched her arms were) breasts, up to her neck and back down. Over and over, like he was stroking the back of a horse rather than the naked torso of his sister.

“I must admit, watching that was more than a little exciting, but not just for us, I think,” he said, his hand dipping down to feel her well-lubricated sex.

“This is indeed quite wet. And has been since we started I think. Your panties were soaked, weren’t they?” He said, his finger tracing the lines of her sex slowly, up and down.

“I said they were soaked, weren’t they?”

“Yes...” Tia said, realizing he had expected an answer.

“I told them you liked this, but I’m still not sure how much they believe me. In fact, I wonder if they realize just who started this whole thing.”

Tia froze for a moment, worried that he was going to expose her secrets to them all. His hand never stopped moving though, and even though he did not say anything for a long time, his fingers continued to slowly tease at her opening, eventually dipping inside after teasing for another minute. As he began to finger her more fully, his finger soon joined by another, she relaxed again and began to rotate her hips slightly against his touch, limited by the bindings at her knees.

It was feeling good, really good, and Tia knew that she was going to cum soon. Just like the last time they had tied her up. All the other teasing times in between, doing dishes, or brief stoppages in her room had all just worked her up. Tonight she was going to get to explode again, more than once, she assumed, and she was so ready for it. She did not care anymore that they would see. They had seen it before and had not called her names or anything. It was clear they enjoyed this as much as she did. Gasping she felt herself getting closer and closer, groaning out her need when Tim abruptly stopped.

“You want to cum, don’t you. You want me to keep touching you and make you cum in front of us like a horny little girl, don’t you? Don’t you?” he repeated, thumbing her clit briefly.

“Yes, yes,” she said, blushing through her arousal and closing her eyes. His words oddly echoing those of Katie’s the week before. Not the same. But similar.

“Oh fuck, I’ll be right back” she heard Terrence say, and she looked up to see him leaving the room.

“Wait. Terrence. Come back here.”

“But.”

“I know, but trust me.”

“I don’t ... ok, ok,” Terrence said as if he was scared of Tim or something. He came back to the naked tableau and stood at the end of the bench when Tim pointed.

“See what you do to us? But you knew that too, didn’t you?” Tim’s fingers moved slightly inside of her, probing her to answer

“Yes”

“Yes, what, what do you know?” His fingers prodded again as if he was making her answer by stroking her vagina.

“That, um, you guys get boners.”

“Like his?”

“Yes.”

“So you know what he’s going to go do, then, don’t you?”

“Yes. Ugh. Yes, please ... stop ... teasing” she said, begging. She glanced at Terrence’s obvious erection, and then at Tim’s before looking back at his face.

“Ok, since you asked so nicely,” Tim said, smiling as he began to work his fingers in and out of her again, returning to that pace that had been working so well. His thumb rested to the side of her slick clit, and from time to time he pressed down and moved it from one side to the other, making her groan each time her clit was thrummed. She vaguely noticed that Terrence did leave, though Thomas remained quite engrossed with the show Tim was putting on with her body. She looked over at Thomas watching them and realized the look in his eyes was part of what was making her so aroused. Being watched while being so wicked was definitely a part of it all. She felt herself getting closer and closer, her hips rising off of the bench to meet her brother’s probing fingers. Gasping now, she stopped trying to hide her reactions and began to whimper and call out, begging him to make her cum.

‘Yes, mmmm, god, please ... please” she cried, perspiration dampening the back of her neck as she rode his fingers. Over and over she pulled against her bindings, and the exquisite sensation of not being able to touch herself, of not being able to stop what he was doing finally sent her over the top. She closed her eyes and shuddered out her long orgasm, her cunt feeling like it was opening up and swallowing his fingers whole as she bucked against him over and over until she felt a final release and collapsed back down on the bench.

Tia realized some time had passed when she looked around after she felt a little calmed down, noting that only Thomas remained, still sitting on the couch, his hand covering the bulge in his pants as if he had been touching himself.

“Don’t worry, they will be back, in fact, I’m surprised Terrence isn’t back yet, you must have inspired him,” Thomas said when he saw her looking, slowly taking his hand away from his lap nonchalantly, letting his obvious erection become visible as it pressed against his jeans. His voice was harsher than Terrence’s, and not near as knowing and confident as Tim’s, but it was clear he was acting as if this was all no big deal and he was still in charge. He got up from his spot on the couch, standing next to her head for a moment as if he was showing off his boner. And perhaps he was, she thought as she looked at him steadily before pulling weakly against her bonds.

“My turn,” he said, as he knelt and began to play with her stretched-out body, taking a long time to simply touch her breasts, her ribcage, the nape of her neck. His hands were everywhere, stroking, zeroing in on her breasts and nipples until she felt him holding and twisting each of them steadily, over and over. Even though she had just cum, Tia felt a series of answering tingles deep inside of her, and she could not stop herself from twitching slightly on the bench.

“You want more, don’t you. Like last time. Don’t worry, I will make you cum again. You want that, don’t you?” He said, playing with her nipples but not sounding like he wanted her to answer. Not like Tim had. He kept playing with her breasts, and nipples, molding them and pressing them together (not that she had all that much to push together) for quite a while before moving down her body a bit. She felt him part the curls above her pussy as he explored her soft skin, and when he brushed against her aroused clit she could not stop herself from gasping aloud.

“You really are eager for this, aren’t you?” he again asked rather rhetorically as his fingers traced her damp swollen lips.

“Mmmm” was all she said as she closed her eyes and gave herself over to the delicious feelings yet again. She was sure she was dripping all over herself, and she felt embarrassed for a moment, hoping she was not making a mess on the bench. She could not stop things right now, but later she was going to make sure they were not leaving any traces of their game. Pressing up as much as she could, she groaned again when Thomas finally began to slide two fingers inside of her. As he began to fuck her with his fingers, she felt her arousal building all over again, and she was riding the wave of pleasure when the other two brothers returned.

“Going again already? “ Tim teased as he sat down and started checking out the menu on the television. Terrence simply sat down and watched her, the signs of his earlier arousal gone.

Tia knew what he, and Tim most likely, had been doing, and thinking about that was a little weird, she thought. Although, to be honest, her own actions were a little weird too, she realized, pressing eagerly against Thomas’s hand as her horny brain overrode any thoughts of shame or embarrassment. This was everything she had imagined, and she only wished her parents would go out more often - though that might make it less special, she thought, gasping as his fingers sped up considerably.

“Look at that” Thomas said, his fingers rapidly fucking her now, her hips straining to hold still and take his digital thrusts. Gasping she felt herself rapidly peaking again, and as her brain overloaded with sensation, she wailed aloud, her orgasm hitting her harder than the last one. It felt different, deeper somehow, and she knew she was flooding her sex as she cried out her pleasure.