Katiebug's Field Of Broken Dreams
by LisaCass

Katie taken on a picnic in more ways than one.

As they lay together in the sun with full bellies after a picnic lunch, Katie started to doze off. A glass of wine and a warm fall day was all it took for her to relax and make her eyelids heavy. Her life on the farm was a far cry from the modeling career she had planned. Only these occasional gestures of love by her husband Jim made staying here even tolerable.

Jim was well aware of her condition and knew this was the perfect opportunity to feed his fetish for risky sex. With her head on his chest he began to massage her back and shoulders to put her even more at ease. They lay at the edge of an open field with thick woods behind and rolling hills in front for as far as the eye could see. While the likelihood that someone would come along was always a possibility it was actually unlikely.

That didn't matter to Jim, the exposure was the important factor that stirred his passion. He felt the pressure build against his pants as he thought about what was about to take place right here in this field. He slid down slowly as to not wake Katie too soon as he continued to hold and caress her. She reacted by letting out a slight moan and hugging him tighter. Katie was almost ready.

She was a heavy sleeper and once out, it took a lot to wake her. The glass of wine made her sleep even deeper, allowing Jim more latitude in his preparations. Katie wore a sleeveless v neck halter sweater without a bra making easy access for Jim to begin his seduction.

He slowly slid his hand inside the sweater as he massaging her back. His other hand drifted to the waistband of her skirt and gently began to unbutton and unzip the back so that it was loose enough for Jim to slide his hand inside and caress her cute ass. Katie reacted by moving even closer and slipping her leg over Jim's. He pushed her skirt slowly and carefully below her butt cheeks as he began to roll on top of her.

Katie was still sound asleep as Jim began to kiss her neck and earlobes while the hand under her sweater found it's way to her breast. While she stirred, it was not enough to wake her so Jim proceeded to work the front of her skirt down over her hips and used his foot to push it completely off and to the bottom of the blanket.

Jim's next task was to start to slide the sweater up towards her neck exposing both her breast to the warm caress of the sun. As he rolled Katie back on top of him he pulled the back of the sweater up and over her head. The large sleeveless v neck put no pressure on her neck or head so the sweater slid off easily and was soon laying next to her skirt on the blanket.

Katie's was now clad only in a skimpy black thong and was a beautiful sight laying on the blanket. Her nipples responded to the sunlight by becoming erect and puffy. Jim began to remove his own clothes. As his excitement grew, Jim's cock strained at the fabric of his briefs as he pulled his shirt, one handed over his head. Something Katie found extremely hot when she was awake. His manhood sprang forth as he slid his briefs and pants down his legs in unison, his precum already glistening in the sun.

Now completely naked Jim began to kiss and caress Katie's breasts. Sucking on the engorged nipples and getting the reaction he was looking for. She began to twist and turn slowly at first, not awake but not totally asleep either. With his right hand he worked her thong off, again without completely waking her. Her movements made it easy to slide it under her ass and down to join the other clothes in the pile.

Jim slowly moved in on top spreading Katie's legs ever so carefully and keeping his weight off her until the moment of penetration so she couldn't reject his advances. Her pussy was already moist from the attention given to her breasts earlier so Jim began to rub the tip of his cock up and down coating the head and shaft with her juices while lightly brushing her clit to arouse her even more.

Katie's lips looked so inviting that Jim couldn't resist kissing her at the exact moment he pressed his cock inside her love tunnel. The combination brought Katie out of her sleep to find herself both completely naked and receiving slow stokes from Jim's engorged member. She had no choice but to allow Jim to continue despite her fear that someone was going to see them.

Jim held her wrists above her head and increased his pace once he knew Katie was awake. As her body betrayed her she began to moan and squirm. A massive orgasm was brewing, it was just a matter of time. She lifted her hips off the blanket as Jim's ass continued to bounce up and down. Their sweat glistening in the sunlight as harder and harder farmer Jim plowed her ripe field.

In one swift roll, Katie was on top as Jim pressed her shoulders into a sitting position. It was time for some cowgirl action and Katie was expected to ride with vigor. Jim referred to his member as Flynn Rider, a cartoon character Katie was particularly fond of. She was obliged to ride Flynn by bouncing up and down, hard enough to stimulate her clit and trigger an immense orgasm. Soon after Katie began squirting and shaking from the sensation, Jim slid up into a sitting position as well. "Look what you've done" Jim bellowed, "Flynn is all dirty now and it's your fault".

"Flynn needs a bath and he needs it now." Katie knew what this meant, it was time for her to take Jim into her mouth and work his cock till it exploded, cleaning Flynn inside and out. Before she finished her thought she felt Jim's hand on the back of her head guiding her to service his engorged member. Having no other choice she swallowed him all the way to the balls and began to bob her head in time with Jim's hip thrusts. In no time Jim could resist no longer and an explosion of cum filled Katie's mouth.

Not a drop could be lost and Katie struggled to swallow the load without a drip. As Jim relaxed, Katie knew it was not over and it took no time for Jim to recover and position her on hands and knees facing the field. She could see the cars in the distance and prayed they would not travel up the local road. JIm mounted her from behind and holding a handful of hair began his relentless pounding.

This time he even stood her up, arched her back and held her forearms back as he thrust his cock deep in her pussy. Katie was almost certain someone had seen them although nobody passed too close. Suddenly Katie was forced to her knees as Jim exploded on her face. The hot cum shot up her nose and in her eyes so fast she had no time to prepare. It was a massive load that not only covered her face but seemingly dripped from every loose strand of hair as well.

Jim collapsed to the blanket, completely spent. Katie knew she had to clean herself and Jim again before they could return to the farmhouse. All she could hope for was that her further stimulation of Jim's cock would not initiate another round. She wiped her face and hair with a towel the best she could and leaned over to take Jim in her mouth again. Just as she began to clean his shaft, she heard a dreadful sound. A car was coming down the road and before she could raise her head Jim's hand was behind her head again and she was trapped. On her knees with her ass in the air and a mouth full of cock. She recognized the car in the corner of her eye, the neighbors that were coming for dinner tomorrow night.

All she could do was look on the bright side. At least they would have something interesting to talk about over dinner.
