I grew up in a small town in North. being the only son in the family and having educated in convent which is exclusively for boys. I did not know much about sex initially all the things changed for good I should confess when I was around 18 years. Ours is a small
house with 2 rooms. My father was around 50 but my mother,Was around 48 and like in Hindu custom she was married at very young Age. My father was a drunkard and He used to sleep in one room and I used to sleep in the other along with my mother. Initially I used to sleep like a log and only get up in the morning. I have addiction for cricket and the things changed when once after watching a day/night cricket match on DD an adult movie started immediately it was about the Frankenstein monster. Initially I watched with some interest and in one particular scene the monster makes love to the masters wife. This scene got etched in my memory. Then my attention obviously turned to the only female in our family that is my mother. Now I realized that she was very casual in her dressing and she used to never wear any under garment. Usually she used to button only the upper buttons of her short blouse and her sari used to be always below the umbilicus giving a sexy feel to it. She had a figure to die for. After watching this movie my dick started to become wet and stiff with anticipation and after the movie, I went to sleep and was surprise to see my mother sleeping topless and her sari had moved up on her thigh giving me a glimpse of her Amazonian forest in between the rocks of Gibraltar. But the trouble was she was sleeping on her stomach and I could just about see the roundness of her boobs but not her nipple. I had wait for 45 minutes before she rolled over and I started feasting on her nipples which had
become erect may be because of the wet dream she might have been having and it was now almost as big as a dick of a new born baby. And her pubic hair was glistening under the moonlight that was seeping through the window with pre-cum. This was too much for me. Casually I cast one my arm around the boob and waited for some time to see for her response but I was acting as though I was sleeping.  She put her leg on my leg and as I was wearing only shorts at that time the skin contact made me burn with passion. This also made me bold and I started massaging her nipple she started moaning but was not opening her eyes. With the
other hand I located her cunt lips and started searching for the entrance to the heaven. Being my first time it took me some time to locate her switch for pleasure (clitoris) and I started massaging. This was too much for her and she immediately put her hand in my shorts and pulled out my raging bull. Which was now like leaning tower of Pisa leaning towards her and partially turned towards me. I got hold her nipple and started sucking on it as though my entire life depended on it.  Without opening her eyes she changed her position so that she
can take my dick in her mouth and started sucking it like a school girl would suck a candy. I started to mouth fuck her and at the same time biting her clit she started to harden and pulled my face further on to her cunt and started making animal sounds of pleasure which partially frightened me because my father was
sleeping in the next room. The first time was too fast and I came instantly in her velvety mouth with sensual tongue and she came in my mouth like a salty pacific ocean. But she never spoke or opened her eyes once. Later next day when I woke up I was little scared about what would
happen. But I was in for a surprise because now she started showing more attention towards me and feeding me. At the dinner table I happened to drop my spoon down and I bend down to pick it up and was surprised to see her pull up her sari up so that I can have view of her magnificent cunt out of which I had dropped
out. When I saw her face she was smiling and winked at me. This encouraged me and washed away my guilt. Immediately after my father left the house for his drinking session I ran to the room only to find that it was empty and just than I heard a sound in the bath room and I rushed inside as it was not latched.  TO see my mother nude and beautiful like the nude beauties seen in some of the ancient sex drawings in India. And she had a big smile on her face and said Come over son Let us began the show and complete what we started last night I jumped and ran towards and became like a wild animal at the sight of her pink nipple almost as big as a boob of school going teenager and her stiff nipple at the center and started sucking at it. She pushed my shorts down and got hold of my rod and said it has been a long time and she explained that after my birth she never had proper sex because she used to be put off by the stink of the cheap liquor of my father and she pulled my Lund towards the cunt and started rubbing on it. She said Take me son! Show me the pleasure that long since I have forgotten, fuck me give it to me. Put that rod in to me fuck me,
Fuck me u mother fucker what took u so long This words made me more mad and I bit her tit for which she gave out a loud moan, hurriedly we dragged yourself to the room and fell on it with she below and me on the top and I started of like a wild animal finding its cave. She got hold of my dick and guided it to the
opening of the cave and pushed it. Because of the enormous amount of lubrication it went in easily, she started playing with my ass and testicles further more heightening my pleasure and I said Oh mother nobody will have a mother like you, you a re an ultimate sex machine I want to fuck u, I want to fuck the
daylights out of you, I want to suck u, aahhhhhhhhhhhh, pull me, and pull me inside the very hole from which I have come, breast feed me, I have forgotten the taste of milk, serve it with the salty taste from your cunt give it to me. She pulled me out got hold of my penis and pushed the fore skin back and teased it with her tongue and I was already in the clouds and said that She was getting scarred that her sexual life was in disarray and I was a blessing in disguise and was like a light house to her showing the right way. I enquired her why she did not try for other males she explained that the reputation of the house was important and Hence I told fuck the reputation and started fucking her rapidly she started moaning and meeting my each thrust with deeper thrust which was sucking me in like a twister.  We went on and on and she started to tighten her cunt lips which was now almost strangulating my pecker and it was experience which cannot be explained she wrapped her legs around my ass and I was gripping her magnificent boobs for support. Fuck! Fuck! fuck! Fuck! Fuck! fuck! Fuck! Fuck! fuck! The sensuality was increased by the sound of flesh rubbing and all the groans and moans.  At last she sucked me enough Wherein I felt I almost reached her breast from inside and at the same time I pulled her up using her breast for grip and shouted Here it comes she started screaming all sort of obscenities and said put your seed in my barren land plough it water it which I did and as far as watering it is concerned I will tell in the next story  