Lewis and Morse haven't had a much of a chance to talk about their new found love and what it'll mean for them. Mostly, to keep it a secret, they've agreed to keep things the way they were before as much as possible. But what is it, that the two men expect from their relationship?

Morse's driveway on a sunny morning, La Traviata is blaring from the windows and Morse is taking care of his Jaguar, refilling the cooling water and changing the wheels

Lewis arrives and has to speak up to make himself heard over the loud music. "Morning, Sir!"

Morse looks up at him but keeps tinkering with his car. "Morning, Lewis. Don't they have telephones in your neighbourhood?"

"I did ring, Sir. Several times!"

"Can't hear the damn thing out here anyway," Morse mutters and Lewis has to agree, the music's much too loud to hear anything.

"There's been another murder."

"I hope it's that landlord from the Cock and Bullfinch. Teach him to keep his beer properly." He looks up to see Lewis turn his eyes upwards for a moment, then focus back on him. Morse decides he probably should take murder a bit more seriously. "The brewery?" He asks.

"No, Sir."

"Not our problem, then." He goes to fetch the one wheel he hasn't yet put back on.

"I'm afraid it is, Sir."

"That's official, is it?" He knows the tone of Lewis's voice.

"Yeah. The Chief Super thinks there could be a connection with the brewery murders, so he's giving us first crack at it."

Morse leans the wheel against the Jaguar and straightens. "That's very generous of him." He thinks for a short moment. "Put that wheel on, will you, Lewis? I'm just gonna wash my hands..." He doesn't wait for a reply and heads inside, leaving Lewis standing outside, looking after his boss, aghast.

When Morse returns a few minutes later, Lewis has put the wheel on, though.

"Ah. We're ready to go, I see."

"No, we're not."

Morse blankly looks at him. "Not?"

"Well, I'm going to have to wash my hands now, too. Playing car mechanic for you. Why did you have it off in the first place?"

"Swapping them around helps them wear down more equally."

Lewis rolls his eyes at his boss and squeezes past Morse through the door.

Once they're on their way to the new scene of the crime, though, Lewis picks the topic up again.

"What was that about?"

"What?" Morse glances at him for a brief moment.

"I'm your Sergeant, not your mechanic. Why do I need to put the wheels back on your car?"

"Wheel, Lewis. It was just one."

"Never mind. Why? I'm not your slave to command around."

Morse thinks for a moment before replying. "A thing whose Bliss depends upon your will; Who wou’d be proud you’d deign to use him Ill."

Lewis looks dumbfounded. "What?"

"It's from the Rochester poem you identified as being 'about us'."

Lewis groans. "I didn't mean it that literally."

"Didn't you, Lewis? Sometimes you take things very literally. How am I to tell when you do and when you don't?"

"Use your common sense?!"

"Would it make things better if I said 'Thank you'?"

"Yeah, a bit. But you could have asked in the first place, not commanded me around."

"Yes, I suppose I could have done so. If we hadn't been in public. Didn't we agree to keep things the way they were before when we're in public?"

"Is that going to be your excuse now every time you need an outlet for your bad mood? I'm sure no one would mind if you'd treat me a bit more kindly."

"This has nothing to do with my mood. We have work to do and you putting the wheel on while I cleaned myself up sped things up."

Lewis sighs. "It's no use. You'll always find an excuse."

"The privilege of seniority, Lewis."

Lewis shakes his head and stares out the side window until Morse's hand suddenly gives his own a squeeze.

"Look, Robbie, I've been alone for a long time. I'm too set in my old ways to change easily. Give me time, will you?"

Lewis looks over at Morse's profile and turns his hand in Morse's so he can squeeze it back. "If you promise to at least try."

"I promise."