Mother-in-law

By: rao


I had sorted my life out by the age of 23. I had got myself an
engineer's job and quarters, had good pay and my own car. My family had
been looking for a girl for me to get married to for the last few years.
I did not really want to marry a rich highly educated girl with a big
family. These type of girls tend to be unfaithful gold-diggers. So I
asked my parents to find me a sweet girl who had not yet attended
university and came from a relatively small family with a low income.

I remember the first time I met my mother in-law Hema. She had been
invited to my parent?s house for tea and samosas. She was 38 at the
time, she looked more like a 26 year old. Hema had long flowing black
hair, white creamy skin, and hour glass figure with 38D chest. She was
wearing a light colored cream sari and blouse and her full bosomed chest
was self evident. This women oozed sexuality. She was gorgeous my words
do not do her justice. I could see the wry smiles my father was giving
his legs crossed obviously hiding his own erection from chatting to this
living goddess of beauty. My first impression was that Hema was one of
the girls that my parents had been interviewing to see if she was
suitable. My parents introduced me to her so I said namaste smiled at
her warmly and then left the room, when I was told to do so, trying at
best to hide my huge hard on from both our guest and my parents!

I wanted to know more about Hema and so I eavesdropped on their
conversation. I found out that Hema was not in fact a potential wife but
the mother of Mamta my bride to be. My photo had already been shown to
Mamta and she had already agreed to get married to me as long as I was
also interested in her and that her mother Hema could live with us. I
also found out that Hema was a widower since the age of 26 and was a
poor teacher. After she had left my parents had began to discuss some
minor matters before they called me. They showed me Mamta's photo. I
nearly fell over Mamta had clearly inherited her mother's good looks as
well as her 38 chest. I didn't hesitate and told my parents then and
there that we should go see this girl tonight and get engaged. When they
asked if I would mind if Mamta's mother were to stay in my spare room of
my quarters I stated I did not mind. Even though I had planned to rent
the room out. My parents were extremely happy. Suffice to say and to cut
this story short I got married to Mamta and our wedding night was
incredible. We fucked for hours up until the early hours of the morning.
Well sex makes me extremely thirsty and gives me a huge appetite.

It was about 3.00 in the morning on our wedding night and after hours of
great sex admiring Mamta's naked curvaceous ass from our bedroom doorway
I headed for the kitchen. On arriving in the kitchen I got a massive
hard on. Hema stooped over the flour board her huge breasts exposed
through her flimsy blouse squatting unladylike on the kitchen floor in
only her sari blouse and petticoat was rolling out chapattis. Her hair
normally tied up was now fully open. Her boobs jiggled as she rolled out
the chapattis. My lunghi immediately tented as I watched her breasts
wobble from side to side, her legs wide open the sari petticoat tight on
her shapely thighs following the curves of her big ass. This time unlike
the first time I met her I did not try to hide my hard on. I walked up
to her my hard on inches away from her flour smeared face. What are you
doing I asked getting a much better glimpse of her over exposed breasts.

As she looked up her hand rising to wipe of some of the flour that had
accumulated on her face she accidentally brushed my groin, immediately
making my cock strain harder against my lunghi. Her eyes instantly drew
to my cock as she spoke. I thought you might be hungry she said licking
her lips at the sight of my straining cock. I couldn't believe this was
happening , was one of my most deepest fantasies going to come true.
Ever since I had met Hema for that first time I had dreamt of making
love to her. But not in my wildest dreams did I think I was going to
have her on my wedding night of all nights.

I adjusted myself so now I could feel her hot breath on my throbbing
cock. I carefully answered her question. You must be very hungry too
please eat something. Very she said I have not eaten for years. Feast
then I said feast on what is aching in front of you. She did not wait
for anymore idle innuendos. Her hot breath had made my cock twitch in
anticipation and when she lifted my lunghi she saw my 8 inches of
manhood standing tall and proud reacting to each hot breath of hers. She
gasped I never eaten such big meat, Mamta's father was so small. Before
she could say anything else I shoved my aching cock into her soft wet
mouth her red moist lips instantly gripping round the girth of my shaft.
Mmm she choked. She gently began working the length of my cock varying
the strength of her sucks. My mind was going numb with pleasure, the
fireworks in my groin was unbelievable. My hands had now cupped both of
her milky breasts as I began thrusting into the back of her throat. She
responded by jiggling her fingers through my balls with one hand whilst
massaging my ass cheeks with her other. With her continuous lavish
attention to my cock, balls and ass it was not long before I came stream
after stream of hot sticky cum deep into her mouth. She drank every drop
like a starving whore, licking the excess cum dripping from the sides of
her mouth. My cock was still hard after she had drunk her fill.

She smiled as I lifted her petticoat to find her pantiless pussy soaking
wet. I licked her slit with animal passion. Hema went into hysterics of
climatic orgasms. The years of sexual frustration finally over, her
tears of joy streaming down her face as I took her from one platform of
ecstasy to another. I had raised her leg over one of my shoulders whilst
she used support from the kitchen wall. She in no way hid her feelings
of pleasure screaming in ecstasy, Ohohohooh amit amit Ohhohhoohoh!!! I?m
cumming I?m cumming oh please oh please OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

She grabbed my hair grinding my face deep into her pussy. Her clit
clearly red and sore from my attention. She had not felt this much
pleasure in years. Her convulsing stopped her back arching as my face
was sprayed with her warm love juices. Wasting no time I made her clean
my face with her tongue making her taste her own pussy juices which she
clearly relished. Her eyes then focused onto my cock as I gently
inserted my hard on into her eagerly waiting cunt gasping almost like my
wife as if taken for the very first time. She watched transfixed as each
inch of my manhood entered her wet pussy. She grabbed me tight, forcing
her back harder against the wall for support, lifting her legs of the
ground, grinding her heels deep into the recesses of my ass. Urging my
thrusting buttocks to thrust harder. She began moaning in my ears
oooohhhh fuck oooooooo me oooohhhhh fuck me oooooooooh fuck my pussy
ohhhohhhohhh my darling my love ohhhhhhhh!!! I began thrusting harder
the more she moaned. The pleasure was so intense it was almost like I
was on some drug. My hands kneaded her so soft breasts tweaking at her
hardened nipples before hungrily sucking them. My body stirred with
electricity as I shooted my load, Hema's screams echoing of the kitchen
walls. My deep final thrusts making the kitchen wall shake violently
knocking over some of the steel thalis.

We stood there entwined for a while before we started kissing
passionately. I lifted her in my arms and headed for the spare room.
There we made love until 9.00 am. Exhausted but still horny as hell
thinking about what I had been doing all morning I slumped back into bed
with my wife Mamta. She herself was now beginning to waken her naked
body pressing against mine. She slowly began to kiss me all over before
heading down to my cock covered in her mom's juices. The thought of her
greedily sucking my cock tasting her mums juices gave me an instant hard
on and seeing her face as she sucked my cock I could see she was
enjoying it more than usual as she really was enjoying the taste of her
mother's juices. I just lay back and enjoyed myself.

Later Mamta had told me that she had heard us making love and she had
approved. She did not mind sharing her husband as her mother was still
very young and sympathized with her that she had not had a man in over
10 years!!!!!!!! That was hard to believe since she was so beautiful.
But anything is possible. I have now 6 children three illegitimate from
Hema and 3 from Mamta. There is no jealously between mother and daughter
and frankly I feel like the luckiest man in the world.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *30163* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=6150>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=6150>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=6150>

