
 CHAPTER 3
    Her Story

        WARNING!
        This text file contains sexually explicit material.
        If you do not wish to read this type of literature,
        or you are under age,PLEASE CLOSE THIS FILE NOW!!!!



        

        
        Summary: The Early Years represents the first group of stories in a series of stories depicting the life and fantasies of the character we shall call Michael From the time he is 12 years old until he is 32 . Fantasy .reality , whatever (Fb*Mb*Mf,spanking,proxy incest,MFb,forced,coerced,bi,Ff, MFf, FF, FFm )

        These codes represent the range of all the stories in the series however each story shall be coded to it's appropriate codes

        ----------------------------------------------------------------------
        Do not read or download this material if it violates any laws pertaining to you













    Obedience Chapter 2          




    All I thought on my way home and that night was what had happened. I tossed and turned all night and had 

    a constant erection. I wanted to cum so bad but Ms Callahan's(Angela's)warning made me too afraid to masturbate.

    I was really nervous about going back to her house but something in me was excited. 

    I was going back and forth between fear and excited anticipation. 

    I had lunch and told my mom that I was going to the youth center. 

    She gave me the usual warnings as I left the house
     

     I was breathing heavy and my throat was dry as I approached her house. I walked up on the porch and hesitated for a minute 

    before going in. I stepped inside and closed the door and started up the stairs to Angela's room. Her bedroom door was open.

    She was sitting on the bed filing her fingernails. 

    "Don't be shy come here"  

    I walked towards her " 

    Do you have a kiss for your mommy" 

     " Yes mommy"  

    "Well Then she said and leaned towards me"  She pouted her lips and I kissed her. My cock was already hard in my pants . 

    "Did you miss me?"  

    "Yes mommy" 

    "Did you follow all my instructions?" 

    "Yes mommy"  

    "You didn't play with that little cock ,did you?"  

    "no mommy"  

    "Did you come right here after you had lunch"  

    "Yes mommy"  

    " Did you lock the door before you came up here"  

    Panic hit me I stuttered, "No mommy I forgot"   

    Go do it now she said with anger in her voice. I ran down the stairs and locked the door and ran back up. She was standing waiting 

    for me,she was wearing a  green short silk robe and high heel slippers that matched. Her robe was only loosely fastened and I could 
    see most of her breasts. 

    "Undress Michael" 

     I knelt down to unlace my shoes. 

    Quickly goddammit she said in an angry voice. I was nervous,but quickly shed my shoes and clothes and stood embarrassed and naked. 

    " I gave you specific instructions,didn't I? 

    "Yes mommy" My lips quivered and I was close to tears. 

    "Do you know what happens when you don't obey me?" 

    "Yes mommy"

     "Tell me"  

    "I have to be punished"

    She sat on the edge of the bed staring at me . I was trembling but still so aroused as she stared a me . Her beautiful face 

    had a cold authoritative look .   

    "Come here" 

     I walked towards her and she again took my cock between her fingers 

    " Look at me" 

    "Tell me what you need" 

    "I need a spanking mommy"  

    "Good boy" 

    She laid me across her bare leg as she did last time and gripped me tightly between her legs and ran her hand over my ass. 

    My cock was throbbing as it pushed against her legs and my ass tightened in anticipation of a slap. 

    "I want you to tell me exactly what you told me last time"  

    My voice cracked as I meekly answered  "I was a bad boy mommy and I need a spanking"  A hard slap came down on my ass then 

    another and another in quick succession. She had grabbed me by the hair and was slapping my ass repeatedly with a much greater 

    force than the last time. 

    "Are you going to pay attention to everything I tell you?"  

    "Yes mommy"  My ass was burning but still my cock was hard.  

    "Stand Up"  

    "It's a good thing that little worthless cock is still hard or I would give you another beatings"  she said as she again 

    took my cock in her hand. 

    "Are you going to do exactly as you are told from now on"

     "Yes mommy" Still holding my cock in her hand she reached around and started softly rubbing my burning ass cheeks.

    "I want you to be a good boy for me, My special little boy"   

    "I was a special little girl for my daddy when I was your age and I did everything to please him" 

    "Are you going to do everything to please me?" 

    " Yes mommy"

     "Go get me a drink,   hurry! "

    I quickly ran down the stairs and mixed a drink and when I returned she was sitting at the vanity applying nail polish 

    to her just manicured nails.

     "Sit the drink down and kneel by my feet " 

     I knelt down.  I was overcome by her beauty as I looked up at her, She was the most beautiful women I have ever seen, 

    I tried not to stare at her breasts but my eyes lingered over them. They were almost completely exposed.All I could 

    think about was sucking them and cumming. She finished with her nails and was holding her hands in front of her face blowing 

    gently on them to hasten their drying. Then she turned her hands nails towards me,

     "Do you thing my nails are pretty? " 

    "yes mommy"  

    "have you ever done your mom's nails?" 

    "Yes mommy, she let me help once?"  

    "Do you think you could do my toenails without making a mess?" 

    "Yes mommy" 

    She handed me the nail polish. 

    "Take your time I don't want to have to redo them,understand?" 

    "yes mommy"

    She lit a cigarette and leaned back on her chair and swung around placing her feet on a stool. 

    "Do a good job Michael and I'll let you cum for me"  

    I patiently and carefully worked on every nail for what seemed like and hour. When I finished she handed me her empty glass . 

    Without a word I scurried down to refill it. When I got back she was inspecting her toenails. 

    "You did very well on these nails honey,come give me a kiss" 

    I sat her drink down and faced her. She took my chin in her hand and kissed me gently on the lips. The taste of her lipstick

    and the fragrance of her perfume had my cock bobbing and I felt like it was about to burst.

     " Does my little boy want to cum for mommy?" 

    "Yes mommy" 

    She finished her drink stood up and walked towards the bed  she turned slightly glancing back at me and motioned with her finger

    for me to follow 

    "Come and lay down with me "

     She propped two pillows against the head board and sat with her back against them. 

    "Lay here with your head on my lap sweetie" 

    I lay with my head on her thighs inches from her fragrant smelling pussy,

    "when daddy isn't here you are going to have to help mommy cum, do you understand?" 

    I didn't but I answered yes mommy. Taking her right hand and holding me by the hair    She slid my head back to her pussy 

    and turned my head so that my cheek was against her moist pussy 

    She took her left hand and caressed my cheek running her fingers over my lips. The she slid her finger into her pussy. 

    She started slowly moving her finger in and out of her pussy

     " See what I'm doing sweetie, I want you to do the same thing with your tongue."

     "And I want you to lick all around inside me until I tell you to stop . Make me cum so good" 

    She slid her finger out and placed it at my lips. 

    "suck it clean" 

    I parted my lips as she slid her cummy finger into my mouth. I sucked it.  She withdrew her finger and pushed my head to her 

    moist pussy lips. 

    "Do a good job hon, just like you did on my nails, take your time."

     I wasn't quite sure how to start but she began to instruct me. 

    "Kiss it sweetie,then lick it"

     I began kissing then licking. 

    "Stick your tongue deeper as you lick"    "Lick it as deep as you can"

     I began probing my tongue deeper inhaling the sweet moist smell of her pussy and my cock starting to ooze a little cum. 

    She gripped my hair tighter and her voice became more demanding. 

    "Suck it as you lick., pay attention"

    I sucked and licked,feeling her moisture building up. 

    "Keep your tongue right there, do you feel that spot with your tongue,that's mommy's clitty" 

    "Keep licking and sucking that spot"

    I licked and sucked and glanced up to watch her squeezing her nipples alternating from one to the other. Her grip on my hair 

    was becoming more forceful pulling my head into her now soaking pussy as I lapped the juices. She started pushing her hips 

    up and moaning softly.  Her voice was becoming more agitated as forced my face deeper into her pussy. I strained to force 

    my tongue and lips deep in her forcing my tongue against her clitty. She gyrated her hips and screamed at me

     " Do it right you little bitch or I'll blister your little ass with a whip" 

    "Suck,suck,suck she screamed and pushed her hips high into my face. I sucked and licked as hard as I could. Then came 

    a loud moan and she relaxed but still held my head tightly in place. I hadn't realized how short of breath I was and was having 

    great difficulty getting any air. I could feel my cock oozing slightly and my balls had an unfamiliar ache to them. 

    "Clean up sweetie drink it all up for mommy" 

    I kept licking and swallowing all her juices. After several minutes she pulled me by the hair up to her breasts. 

    "you made mommy cum so good sweetie,now nurse mommy some" 

    I had heard the term "nurse" used by women talking about feeding their babies but didn't quite understand her using it now. 

    I just began to suck her nipples. She slid her other hand down to my cock. 

    "Oh my, is my little boys pee pee is leaking You're going to have to learn to control yourself or you'll be getting lots of 

    whippings " 

    She wiped the precum from my cock with her finger and spread it over her nipple, then pulled my head towards it as she spoke. 

    " My hungry little boy needs some cummy milk from mommy. suck it up baby" 

    I sucked on her nipple swallowing the sticky precum and kept sucking. She was sitting with her back against the pillows 

    she arranged me in a position of a baby nursing, she was squeezing one nipple as I sucked the other. 

    "Is my baby boy so hungry for mommy's nipples, hmmm, answer me?"  

    "Yes mommy" 

    "Does my little boy want to cum so good and make lots of cummy milk to drink from mommy's nipples?" 

     "Yes mommy" 

     I wanted to cum so bad it hurt. She slid her hand back down to my cock and was stroking it between her thumb and index finger. 

    "Now don't you cum until I tell you ok? 

    I was squirming at this point trying to hold mack my orgasm. 

    "If you want to be mommy's' good boy you'll hold it until I'm ready for you to cum"

     "Bad boys who cum to quick get punished" 

    I was dizzy with excitement and fear. I could feel myself about to explode. 

    "Keep sucking"

     Close to tears I managed to get a few words out as I sucked . 

    "Mommy I can'r hold it, It's gonna cum" 

     Then an explosive orgasm ripped my body. She kept stroking me as she admonished me 

    "You bad little boy,mommy is going to have to spank your bare ass"  

    The orgasm was so forceful that some cum had hit my face and her breasts 

    "lick it up" 

    She scooped more cum from my belly and chest and spread it on her nipples. 

    "Suck it up for mommy show me how hungry you are"  

    She pulled me off her by the hair and positioned me laying next to her and pulled my face back to her cum soaked awaiting nipple. 

    She slid her hand back down to her pussy and commanded me to suck every drop.

    "get it all,drink all the cummy milk from mommy's nipple"

     I sucked and sucked as she fingered herself to several orgasms. Each time she came she screamed at me to suck hard. and between 

    each orgasm she would pull my head from her breasts admonishing me before she began fingering herself to her next orgasm

    "suck mommy you bad little boy" 

    "Suck while I cum" "you're going to get that little ass of yours whipped as it is for cumming before I gave you permission"  

    Her voice growing more and more angry 

    " You little son of a bitch ,you will learn to obey. You worthless little brat suck mommy" 

    And each time she came she always called out 

    " Daddy,daddy fuck me fuck your little slut girl. 

    My cock never did get soft even though I was terrified at her promise to whip me. I just obeyed and sucked. She pulled my head 

    from her breasts and lay there panting as her body slowly subsided into a calm state. She was glistening with beads of perspiration. Finally she broke the silence 

    "Get me a drink"

    Without hesitation I quickly ran down and refilled her glass and ran back and handed her the drink. 

    "Get my cigarettes and lipstick from the vanity" 

     I stood there holding the pack of cigarettes and lipstick as she just sat against the pillows sipping her drink and staring at me. 

    "Look at me" 

    I raised my eyes to meet her glare. 

    "I thought you wanted to be a good boy for me?" 

    "I do mommy" 

    " Good little boys only cum when they're told to"

     "I couldn't help it mommy,I tried so hard but it just came" 

    "You know what happens to bad little boys?" 

    They get punished I whispered. That's right she said as she took the pack of cigarettes and lipstick from my hand. don't you dare 

    look away,while I'm talking to you she yelled as she applied her lipstick. I watched her as she carefully applied her lipstick 

    then lit a cigarette. I again fixed my gaze on her eyes. They seemed angry but I still was aroused by her beauty. Watching her as 

    she smoked,the way she tilted her head up and pursed her lips around the cigarette. My cock again began to pulsate and bob. 

    " How do you think we should punish a bad little boy?" 

    "Mommy I'm sorry I didn't mean to cum" 

    Then without warning a slap across my face. 

    "I asked you a question"   

    A spanking mommy I answered in a trembling voice. 

    "Not a whipping with a belt,not getting your little ass burnt with a cigarette,just a spanking?" 

    "My my aren't we forgetting what I told you about lying and disobeying" 

    "please mommy,please don't burn me" 

    "well then that leaves only a whipping with the belt,doesn't it"  

    I didn't want to answer, tears started to well up in my eyes

    Doesn't it she repeated in an angry voice. I weekly answered yes.

    "Since you did such a good job on my nails I'll let you cum for me before you get your whipping"

    I sighed with relief at the brief reprieve

    "Lay here next to me and stroke your little boy cock for me". 

    She took her cigarette and held it close to my balls. I could feel the heat and again fear struck me but I kept stroking my cock. 

    " I could burn your little balls and then whip with them with a belt and that is exactly what I'll do if you are a bad little boy" 

    " I promise to be good mommy" 

    She put the cigarette out and pulled my head to her breasts.

     "Suck mommy as you mast sweetie while I finger my pussy,but don't you dare cum till I tell you to" 

    I began sucking her nipples as I stroked. In seconds I could feel the cum building up and slowed my stroking even stopping 

    to keep from cumming. She continued fingering her cunt.

     "Now baby suck hard and cum for mommy"

     I increased my stroking and came immediately 

    Now little one spread all the cummy milk on my breasts and drink it up she ordered. As I spread my cum over her breast I could 

    feel her body quickening it's pace and glanced down to see her pushing three fingers into her cunt hole. Her other hand 

    tightened her grip on my hair and forced my face hard against her breasts. 

    "Suck you little bitch,suck and make mommy cum so good" 

    in minutes I heard her familiar moaning and her scream out the same words she had said last time. 

    Fuck me daddy fuck your little slut girl as she convulsed violently. She quickly pulled my head away from her breasts and 

    lay there breathing heavily. She still had me by the hair and started to pull it towards her pussy. Her voice was now soft and 

    calming as she told me to lick her clean. I licked the cum from her pussy for what seemed like ten minutes

    "Did you clean up all mommy's cum sweetie" 

    "yes mommy" 

    " I think it's time for the belt now,don't you Michael. 

    Close to tears I answered her 

    "yes mommy" 

    She instructed me to kneel on the bed with my head down. I could see her out of the corner of my eye as she left the room 

    then returned with a belt, my heart jumped. She had put on her heels and still had her robe on but not fastened it just hung 

    loosely on her body. 

    "I'm going to let you off easy this time Michael and just give you three lashes" 

    "Now ask mommy for your punishment"

     I was already softly crying as I managed to force the words out of my mouth. My voice was cracking. 

    "I need to be punished mommy".

     I jumped as she ran her hand over my ass caressing it with her fingers then sliding her hand between my legs and over my balls 

    to my cock. She started stroking it . 

    " Make it nice and hard for mommy" 

    "Don't let it get soft understand or you'll get three more" 

    She took her hand from my cock and there was along silence. Then with no warning I heard the swish of the strap then the 

    smacking sound as it struck my bare ass. I screamed and fell flat against the bed. 

    "Get that ass up here boy" 

    Please mommy no more it hurts too bad I begged as I raised my ass back up. My ass was burning now and I was terrified and crying. 

    "would you like an extra whipping?" 

    "No mommy" 

    "Then keep your mouth shut and your ass up" 

    She reached back down to my wilted cock massaging it back into erection. 

    "What did I tell you about this" 

    "You told me to keep it hard mommy" 

    "And did you obey me" 

    "No Mommy,I forgot" 

    "well then we'll have to start over" 

    Then with out warning a second smack against my ass I strained to concentrate on my erection. and started sobbing louder.

    Then a third. I was balling like a baby and could feel her hand again on my cock 

    "that's a good boy,stay so hard for mommy" 

    "just one more and your punishment will be over"

     She kept stroking me and the sensation of having her stroke my cock and my ass burning from the belt had my head spinning 

    and again felt the sensation of cum building up in my balls.  Your not going to be a bad little boy and cum without permission 

    are you she said as she continued stroking my aching cock. No mommy I answered between my sobs. She took her hand from my cock 

    and there was a long silence. Then without a warning the belt came down hard across my already burning ass.I was crying profusely 

    at this point but managed to keep my ass up and concentrate on my erection.She laid down on the bed and took me by the hair 

    pulling me to her breasts. 

    " Cry for mommy,just relax and cry it out"  

    She was gently caressing my head with her hand running her fingers through my hair. Her breasts were soon soaked with my 

    tears as I just lay there crying against her . She reached down and started running her hand over my welted ass. I jumped 

    as she first touched the welts but then relaxed. 

    My sobbing slowly subsided and I felt myself becoming more aroused. I loved having my head against her breasts and I felt so 

    sleepy. The next thing I remember was her soft voice in my ear. 

    " time for my little boy to get dressed. "

    I must have dozed off for awhile . She said it was almost 5 o'clock and I had better get dressed and go on home 

    She got up and instructed me to go into the bathroom and wash my face and the cum off of me. When I returned was 

    sitting on the edge of the bed. 

    She turned me around and inspected my ass and ran her hand over the welts. 

    " You're going to have to be very careful no one sees your welted ass Michael" " 

    "If your mom sees these welts she will know you must have done something awful to deserve them" 

    "I would have to explain everything to her" 

    "Now we don't want that do we" 

    "No mommy" 

    She turned me around to face her 

    "Give mommy a kiss" 

    She gently kissed my lips 

    "get dressed"

    I was careful putting my underpants and pants on as my ass was so tender. 

    " I want you back here at the same time the day after tomorrow"

    "Understand ?"

    "Yes Mommy"

    I left her house and went down to the lake. My cock was throbbing hard as I thought about the days events and eventually 

    wandered home



