Melissa - Naked in school
by SDS

Part 1 - The embarrassing cheer initiation

Melissa had only recently joined Brookridge Grange High School a few weeks before our story starts. She had moved to the school after her parents had been forced to downsize and move into a different area. The school had already proved to be very different than the one she was used to. Before she had been at a well refined private school, but with no such facility in the area this one had to do. Melissa was as a stunning girl to behold. She was tall and slender, with a perfect dancer's physique if there ever was one. She had long dark hair that was almost black and lovely Olive skin from her mother's spanish heratinge. She may not have been the most curvy girl in school but what she did have looked great on her skinny frame. Since joining the school, the boys had been going wild about this new girl and her mysterious slightly posh reserved ways.

Melissa, had danced for almost ten years and was proficient in many classical styles including ballet to a high level. Her new school offered no such opportunities and so her mother had insisted she try out for “Cheer” as it would look good on her records and would help balance out her portfolio when she applied for colleagues in a few years time. Reluctantly she had agreed to her mother's request. Quietly Melissa also hoped it would help her make friends as joining the school at this late stage had put her at a major social disadvantage along with her different ways and mannerisms. 

Melissa and four other girls were on a two week tryout to see if they could make the squad. The current cheer squad were clustered in a semicircle off to the side giggling to each other. It was morning a full hour before the majority of the school would get there including most of the staff. 

Melissa, felt awkward and out of place as she stood with the other hopefuls. The cheerleaders finally broke from their huddle and turned to the nervous girls in front of them. They grinned like predators surrounding helpless little prey. 

“Well what sorry lot of skets you all look to be” Laughed a blond bimbo with her hands on her hips. Her face was caked in makeup and her breasts jutted forward most likely from a push-up bra Mel thought to herself. This seemed to be the average look for girls in her new school. The bitchy girl looked over the hopefuls with rolling eyes and derogatory tuts. 

Mel swallowed her rage as she debated just leaving, she wasn’t sure she wanted anything to do with this group after all. Her mother's words echoed in her head and decided to go along with it. Her mother was going through a rough time both emotionally and financially so would be hurt to find out her daughter didn't want anything to do with the only dance related activity the school offered. Mel signed looking at her dance pumps to calm herself. 

The bitchy girl and a couple of her cronies pulled one chubby girl out from the group. “Ok lets see your cheer routine first” 

“Ooo..ok Becky” the girl stumbled looking like she was going to pass out with nerves. 

The girl stepped back and was about to start when the cheer girls stopped her. 

“Strip to your underwear first” one of the girls shouted out and the other girls all giggled at that suggestion. 

The big girl looked shocked. “Whhhaat?” she looked between all the grinning bitches, 

“You heard her girls” Becky the blond leader leader announced. “To test your determination you’ll all do this in your knickers or you can go home” She was grinning madly at the power she had over these young impressionable girls. 

Mel looked on in shock, surely this was all some joke, surely they others wouldn't go along with it. Her jaw dropped as the shaking girl reached down and indeed started to pull down her navy PE shorts, her big white knickers came into view along with her chubby bottom in it’s entirety. The cheer girls giggled at the sight as the girl stripped in the middle of the semi public hall. “And the top” laughed one of the interchangeable bimbos pointing towards the white PE top. 

The blushing girl simply nodded and pulled the top off quickly as well, she was really shaking now her eyes wide in astonished fear that she was degrading herself in front of all these girls in public. The green bra barely held her sizable breasts and Mel had to look away from the spectacle that the girls were making of their poor victim. 

Her cheer routine went terribly, anything the big girl had planned vanished in her panic and she made a fool of herself juggling and dancing half naked for the amusement of the cheer girls. 

“Look at the piggy jiggle” mocked one of the lackeys in a loud whisper that Mel just managed to hear. Her rage built but as quickly as it started they let the almost crying girl dress and dismissed her. The next girl was averagely built and pretty nondescript. She smiled and sucked up to the cheergirls something awful since arriving. She stripped to her striped pink and white knickers and matching push up bra with little complaint and did a half decent routine. The girls dismissed her with less ridicule but still commented on her being a tryhard wannabe once the girl was out of earshot. Mel was astonished, the shame of having to dance in your underwear for these mocking girls must have been awful.

The next girl left when it was her turn saying she didn't want to be a cheerleader after all. The last girl before Mel was told that as she was another girl's sister she didn't need to strip and instead performed an underwhelming routine fully dressed that the girls cheered about. Mel seethed at the unfair nature of the selection, how dare these girls put the others through humiliation just for their own amusement and let her off. 

“Your last new girl, get stripping and let's see what all the boys have been drooling over” laughed Becky approaching Mel.

Mel stepped forwards so many things going through her mind, should she just do it? Should she tell the girls where to go? In the end she decided on some middle ground.

“No I’m not doing that” she said simply and burst explosively into her prepared routine before they could object. She was quick, graceful and used her gymnastic skills to pull off some very fancy moves. The other girls watched in open mouthed awe as she showed them all up for amateurs. She was wearing tight leggings and a dance top and so was able to perfectly pull off several backwards and forwards handsprings and even show her flexibility with a standing split with one leg pulled up almost vertically over her head from standing. 

She finished from a flip in front of the girls and could tell by there shocked, envious and annoyed expressions that she had been very good. She hoped that they would need her skills for the school's reputation more than they would resent her going against their bullying tactics. 

A sudden spark of inspiration struck her. “I’’ll see you at practice tomorrow” she said and turned and walked away from the group dismissing herself before the rest could speak. Mel was giddy with excitement but tried to play it cool as she walked off hopefully looking like a badass. Hopefully they would think of her as a strong force to be reckoned with. That was her only hope anyway as if not she had just insulted the most powerful and bitchy group of girls in her school. 

Little did she know just how big of a mistake she had made.





