*****

Over the next week or so, Pete got slightly more used to his body and made the most of his time with Patrick. It was actually really nice just to do the same old stuff they always did. They hung out with Andy and Joe, they worked on songs, and Pete actually did his laundry.

And best of all, he didn't have to worry about changing things or what crazy problem he might have to deal with next. Sure, he knew he was going to have to use the time machine again since they hadn't had any luck in figuring out how to get him and Patrick back to normal; this wasn't his body, and he couldn't just keep it forever. Still, anything even passing for normalcy was welcome at this point.

It wasn't long, of course, until things went back to being surreal. One day, Pete woke up to stomach cramps and bloody sheets, and that was it. There was no way he was sticking around to try out the whole period thing. Besides, he'd been a girl for plenty too long already.

He cleaned himself up as quickly as he could and changed into some clean clothes. He looked at the box of tampons, not quite able to bring himself to use one. Instead, he stuffed a bunch of toilet paper in his underwear and put a couple of tampons in his backpack, just in case. Setting the time machine for 1246, he pressed start.

*****

Pete was somewhat surprised to find himself in what looked like a laboratory. He didn't have much time to really take it in, though, because he realized upon looking at himself that he was still female. And he had the distinctly unpleasant feeling that he was leaking.

He set his backpack down and started rifling through it quickly, eventually pulling things out and tossing them aside until he found a sanitary napkin. God bless Patrick for shoving random shit in his bag (even if it was probably supposed to be a joke); Pete had not been looking forward to trying out one of the tampons.

He ripped it open and got it situated, which helped him feel slightly better. He was still feeling off, though, so he picked everything up and stuffed it back in the bag. He half-heartedly moved a few things around on the nearest table and got the time machine ready. He never noticed the tampon that had accidentally rolled under the table.

*****

Pete found himself sitting on a couch, and he almost cried when he discovered that his chest was flat again and his dick was back. He was kind of surprised by the strong reaction because the whole thing hadn't been that traumatic of an experience.

And boy, when he actually checked out his own body, he had really let himself go. That was just…not right. He lifted his shirt and saw that his bartskull was all stretched out and looked sort of ridiculous. He ran his fingers over it, kind of disappointed that he would let that happen. But then he really paid attention and realized that it didn't feel quite right.

Pete gave his stomach a gentle poke, and the skin was tougher than it should be, kind of like….That's when Pete's brain decided this must be a really weird dream. He could handle suddenly becoming gay, he could handle aliens, hell, he could even handle the whole turning into a girl thing, but being – dare he think it? – pregnant was just a little bit too much.

Pete didn't even try to move, except to give himself a quick pinch, even though he knew that this wasn't going to end up being a dream; he just sat there thinking it through. And okay, it was a little…out there, but it couldn't be too bad, right? After all, it wasn't like he had to stay. Besides, who knew how much other weird stuff he'd have to put up with before he got to the point where he felt like he could stop time traveling.

He couldn't just go shutting down all the time because he was in a situation he wasn't used to; he'd never get anywhere that way. Pete finally stood up, which was not so easy with the extra bulk, and headed for the bathroom. He heard a key in the front door as he was finishing up, and his stomach swooped suddenly at the thought that it might be Patrick.

Actually, this whole thing might not be so bad if Patrick was the…father, or whatever. Pete made his way back to the living room, and he was only slightly disappointed to see Brendon locking the door behind him. Brendon practically skipped over to him and rested his hand on Pete's belly in a very familiar way, and Pete had a feeling he'd be changing things again.

"How's the baby doing today? How are you doing today?"

"We're both fine, Brendon."

"Awesome."

Brendon's smile was wide, and that was actually a really attractive look on him, more attractive than Pete remembered. Then again, the last time Pete had seen Brendon was before the whole suddenly being gay thing, so he supposed it wasn't too surprising.

"I brought some of those pickles you wanted."

Brendon offered him the jar, and Pete took it, twisting off the lid and inhaling deeply. His mouth started to water, so he took one out and bit into it. It was exactly what he hadn't even known he'd wanted.

"Oh God, you're the best," he said between bites.

When he finished the pickle, he pulled Brendon in for a hug that didn't quite work since Brendon ran into his stomach instead of fitting nicely into his embrace. They both laughed, and Brendon slid to the side, which worked a lot better. And when Brendon turned his head to kiss Pete, Pete went with it.

It seemed like it had been forever since anyone had been quite so close to him, although he knew it hadn't been that long since he'd been with Gerard. Then again, he wasn't actually friends with Gerard, whereas he was with Brendon. It felt good, and he wasn't about to turn down a chance for a little closeness, in love with Patrick or not.

With that decided, he kissed Brendon back, pouring into it all the confusion and desperation he'd been feeling since starting this crazy journey; it wasn't that difficult to channel it all into affection for Brendon.

Brendon didn't really seem to notice any of this, which was just fine. He slipped a hand up Pete's shirt, and Pete found himself getting pretty turned on, more so than he would have expected. Suddenly, standing didn't seem like such a good idea anymore, so he dragged Brendon over to the couch, abandoning the jar of pickles on the coffee table.

Of course, having to pretty much let go of Brendon just so he could sit down properly did nothing for the mood, but Brendon didn't seem all that perturbed. He flopped down next to Pete and resumed his previous actions. Before long, Pete actually found himself whimpering, it was so good; and all Brendon had even done was rub his nipples a little bit.

Brendon finally pulled away long enough to get Pete out of his shirt, which left Pete feeling decidedly…strange. Not that he was exactly freaked out by seeing his body looking so different, but he really kind of missed just looking like himself. Brendon, on the other hand, looked distinctly as if he'd like to tackle Pete.

That seemed to be pretty much on the mark, because Brendon got Pete's pants down around his knees within seconds, enclosing Pete's dick in his fist. And oh God, was that good. Brendon threw his arm around Pete's shoulders, attached his mouth to Pete's neck, and started moving his hand. Pete was in sensory overload, and he came in an embarrassingly short amount of time.

Brendon let go of his dick pretty quickly and began fumbling with his own pants, not even caring that he was totally making a mess of them in the process. He succeeded in getting his hand inside just as Pete recovered enough to think about returning the favor. He pushed Brendon's hand aside and replaced it with his own, managing to also turn enough to capture Brendon's lips in a lazy kiss.

He brought Brendon off quickly, and the way Brendon looked at him afterward, with a sated and sleepy smile, was far hotter than it had any right to be. Pete felt the familiar flutter of arousal, although that obviously wasn't going to lead anywhere, not so soon after he came.

Within minutes, Brendon had dropped off, slumped against Pete's shoulder. Pete couldn't quite bring himself to slip away (even though he probably should), so he settled in for a nap of his own.

When Pete awoke an hour or so later, Brendon was drooling on his shoulder. He carefully extricated himself so he could redress and clean up. And as much as he might have liked to stick around a little longer, he knew he should be leaving. Best not to get too comfortable when he wasn't really home.

Packing the jar of pickles Brendon had brought into his backpack, Pete set the time machine to the year 1000 and pressed Start.

*****

Pete unexpectedly found himself standing in front of a group of people who were chanting.

"Another sign!" someone shouted, and the chanting stopped. "It is as we have been expecting. The Apocalypse is nigh!"

Pete rolled his eyes. "I'm no sign of anything."

"But surely, you must be." The man who had just spoken looked at him with certainty. "You appeared before our eyes."

Pete sighed, knowing that there really wasn't going to be a good way out of this. "Okay, yes, I'm a sign. But a sign that the Apocalypse isn't coming."

"Has God told you this?"

"Why not? And look, maybe I'm even pregnant with Jesus reincarnated."

A wave of muttering went through the crowd, and Pete surreptitiously set the time machine to take him back to the present, hitting Start before anyone could question him again.

*****

What a disaster that had been.

Pete looked around, realizing that he was standing on a crowded street, and oh, not good. Someone had to have seen him appear out of nowhere. Amazingly, though, no one seemed to be paying him any attention. Were they all blind or something?

Pete was abruptly bumped into by a guy hurrying past, and he managed a dirty look. The guy glanced behind him, looking a little bit surprised but then going on his way again quickly.

Pete sighed and started walking down the street to try to get his bearings. He decided that something really must be wrong, because he kept having to dodge people who were clearly not watching where they were going. Someone bumped into him again, and Pete was just about to tell them off when he caught a glimpse of a reflective storefront window and didn't see himself.

He forgot about his anger and walked up to the window, even placing his hand on it, but there was nothing. In that moment, Pete wanted nothing more than to be able to see himself, and suddenly, he could. He let out a huge sigh of relief; his life was freaky enough when people could see him.

He continued on his way, eventually figuring out that he wasn't far from his parents' house, so he headed there. No one was home when he got there, but he found that his key still worked, so at least he knew that it was still the right house.

Without further ado, Pete went up to his room and lay on his bed, finally feeling at home for the first time in way too long. He lay there for awhile, trying to relax, but when it didn't work, he figured that he might as well eat something since he had the time and means to have a proper meal.

As he made himself a sandwich, Pete realized that he kind of couldn't actually see his own hands. And it was more than a little freaky to see bread and condiments floating through the air. He concentrated again on the desire to see himself, and there his hands were. As soon as he stopped concentrating, though, he started to fade again.

Pete munched on his sandwich thoughtfully, contemplating the fact that he was, apparently, invisible. Obviously not the sort of thing he'd be able to just live with, not when it seemed to be his normal state. Shame, though. It'd be kind of like having a superpower.

He got momentarily lost in daydreams of being a superhero: defeating the villain and saving the girl…or something like that. And actually, he could probably use his 'power' for less than pure activities, and why wasn't he doing that already?

Pete grabbed his backpack and began heading toward Patrick's place, finishing his sandwich on the way. It was a little strange to be worrying that people would see a bag floating through mid-air, but it started to fade not too long after he picked it up, so it ended up being a non-issue.

As Pete approached Patrick's door, he realized that he really had no way of getting in without Patrick noticing. Luckily, Patrick opened the door a few minutes later and stepped out, giving Pete the chance to slip in. He set his bag down in a little-used corner and waited for Patrick to come back. Pete was almost certain he'd gone to get the mail, judging by the fact that he was wearing his pajamas.

Pete was right, of course, and Patrick came back with a small stack of mail that he abandoned on the kitchen table. Pete followed him around for the rest of the morning, hoping for, well, anything he might not usually get to see. It would figure that Patrick would do normal, everyday stuff like checking email and working on music.

After several hours, Pete was beyond bored from basically having to sit quietly and do nothing. Why had he ever thought that being invisible might be cool? Some superpower. He finally just grabbed his bag and made his escape to the year 523.

*****

Pete looked around and saw that there wasn't much of anything in his vicinity. It was really hot, but there was an outcropping of rock nearby, so he went over and settled himself in the shade, pulling out a bottle of water. Frankly, he was tired of all this shit. Having to figure out ways to change the past was wearing on his nerves, and he was in a state of perpetual confusion every time he went back to the present and the rules had changed. And that wasn't even considering some of the things that had happened to his friends.

Suddenly, he realized that tears were running down his cheeks, and he swiped them away angrily; this was not how he dealt with his emotions. So Pete did what he did best – he wrote down everything he could fit on a scrap of paper he ripped out of his notebook. He felt calmer, letting those words, those feelings out.

He looked at the piece of paper once it was full and decided he didn't want it. He stood and walked away from the rocks, releasing the paper into the breeze that was blowing gently over the terrain. As it fluttered away, he set the time machine for the present.

*****

Pete's eyes widened as he abruptly found himself hoisted off the ground and shoved roughly against a wall. "Where is my money, Wentz?"

"Uh…"

Pete wished fleetingly to be anywhere but there, and then, well, he wasn't there anymore. He was standing next to Patrick in a nice-looking apartment, facing Andy and Joe, who were sitting on a sofa and looking pretty pissed.

"Dude, you've gotta stop doing this shit!" Joe blurted out almost immediately.

And this was totally not what Pete was hoping for when they were all together again for the first time in…actually, he had no idea how long.

"I didn't mean to," Pete offered tentatively, almost a question.

"Bullshit, Pete! All the times I've had to pull your ass out of the fire-" Patrick was cut off by a wave of Andy's hand.

"What he means, Pete, is that you never mean to, but you keep fucking up because you know Patrick will get you out of it."

Patrick nodded his agreement, his face as red as Pete had ever seen it. He took a few breaths and seemed to calm down a little while they all let the awkward silence stretch on.

"Look, Pete, I know it's like, my job to get you out of shit, but you can't keep this up. It's not just you being affected by this anymore."

Patrick nodded to Joe, who produced a tabloid with Pete's picture on the front. Pete barely restrained a laugh, thinking that it couldn't be that serious. It was a good thing he did, though, because this was nothing like, 'Wentz Shows Wang on Internet!' It was actually more like, 'Wentz Gambles Compulsively, Fall Out Boy Embezzles Millions.'

"But I wouldn't do that!" Pete protested.

"Except that you did, Pete." Andy sighed in disappointment. Pete opened his mouth but found that he had no idea what to say. It didn't matter because Andy kept going. "Go ahead and wish it all away; Patrick will take care of it. But then we really need to have a talk about the band."

"Patrick will make it go away if I wish for it?" Pete asked, already connecting some of the dots with this and his having wished himself out of trouble before.

"Of course I will, Pete. I always do, because that's what fairy godfathers do. So just get this over with."

Pete almost couldn't believe that it wasn't a joke. "I wish that I'd never had to embezzle any money."

Patrick snapped his fingers and the tabloid no longer said anything about Pete or Fall Out Boy. Pete blinked repeatedly, thinking how useful having a fairy godfather was. It took him a minute to realize that Patrick was talking.

"-and we can't keep putting up with this, so maybe we should go on hiatus."

"Are you…oh God, are we breaking up over this?" Everyone shifted their eyes from him, and Pete knew he was right. "But I can change!"

"Dude, you've been saying that for years," Joe threw out, and if Joe was going along with it, they were serious.

"Look, we just want you to take some time to get your shit together, and then we'll see about getting back to work." Andy would try to be diplomatic about this.

Pete must have looked pretty freaked out, because Patrick drew him into a hug, which he almost never did when he was angry at Pete. "I'll still be there for you if you need me. You can do this, Pete."

"Yeah, sure. I've gotta…get out of here. I'll talk to you guys later."

He pulled away from Patrick and got the hell out of there before he did something stupid. Logically, he knew that he could change things and this would never have happened, but that didn't mean he could stop feeling like it had. At that moment, Pete wanted so badly to smash the fucking time machine for putting him through all this, but that would leave him nowhere good. He took a minute to try to calm down and then set the time machine to take him to the year 0.

*****

Pete was really in no mood for people, so naturally he found himself in a crowd of them. Most of them didn't' seem to notice him, but one teenager gave him a strange look and walked over. The teen said something, but of course it wasn't in English, so Pete had no idea what it was.

"I don't understand," Pete said, knowing he wouldn't be understood either.

He got another strange look, and then the teen started poking at his backpack. Pete took it off and opened it, ignoring the teen's obvious surprise. He rifled through, finding a bottle of Coke. Closing the bag and shrugging it back on his shoulders, Pete opened the bottle and took a swig. He smiled slightly at the teen and handed the bottle over.

The teen eyed it suspiciously before taking a drink and swishing it around in his mouth. It seemed to go over well, and when the teen tried to hand it back, Pete pushed it toward him. The teen put a hand to his chest, which Pete took as a gesture of thanks, and ran off. Pete got the time machine ready to take him to the present again.

*****

Pete looked around, unprepared for the utter silence and lack of people. And to be honest, things really weren't looking very good. There seemed to be a lot of abandoned cars, as well as other stuff that generally didn't end up left on the street. He picked up a cell phone and flipped it open; it seemed to be working fine, so Pete had no idea why it had been left.

He tossed it back to the ground and headed up the street, getting his bearings after a couple of minutes. He was kind of surprised to be near Andy's place because a lot of the buildings looked pretty derelict; actually, he'd expected to find himself nowhere near any of his usual haunts.

Pete sped up, suddenly very anxious to get off the street and into someplace familiar. As he walked, the streets started to have more cars, except these all looked to have been in accidents; some were still smoldering. And then he saw one that looked like it had someone in it. Despite the sudden wave of anxiety that swept through him, Pete approached the car.

When he got close enough to look in the window, he saw that the person really wasn't a person anymore, so much as it was a skeleton. He stumbled backward and almost fell down trying to run away. As he got closer to Andy's, Pete saw more and more bodies. He didn't know whether it was worse when they were just skeletons or when he started to see some that still had skin attached.

From what he could tell, it almost looked like their skin had been burnt through with acid. Some kind of acid rain or something, maybe? As Pete passed a bar, he heard noise coming from inside. He went in, hoping to find someone alive, but instead found a TV tuned to CNN.

"…acid rain clouds appear to be forming all over the globe with increasing speed. Authorities encourage everyone to stay in their homes and get to a basement or cellar if possible. This rain does not appear to be stopped by most types of architecture, so your best option seems to be putting as much distance between yourself and it as possible.

Death tolls are estimated in the billions, but with very few reports coming in, it's difficult to determine…"

Pete left then, not wanting or needing to hear any more. He grew nauseous just thinking about it, and it was an effort to make it the last few blocks to Andy's place. He felt a sense of dread as he approached the door, absolutely sure he didn't want to see whatever was inside, but still unable to help himself.

Pete took a few tentative steps inside and puked his guts out at the sight before him. Obviously they hadn't gotten the memo about the basement, because Patrick and Andy's bodies were sprawled casually on the sofa, as if they never knew what hit them. He hoped that was the case.

Pete was sure now that the bodies with skin were worse than those without, because there was just enough left on their bodies for him not to be able to mistake them for anyone else. He would have welcomed skeletons and inference. Pete moved back out the door on shaky legs, randomly hitting buttons on the time machine, not even taking notice of the year in his rush to get away.

*****

Pete was thankful, oh so thankful, that he found himself totally alone on a warm beach. He collapsed to his knees, unable to hold back a sob. Fuck not crying; he'd just seen two of his best friends' bodies, and knowing he'd lost Joe and Patrick to aliens had nothing on actually seeing Patrick and Andy dead. Pete slumped to the ground, struggling weakly to be free of his backpack. Finally, he was able to just lie there until his tears dried up and he fell into an exhausted sleep.

When Pete awoke, he had no idea how much time had passed, nor did he care. His stomach grumbled, and though he didn't feel like eating, he fished some crackers and a bottle of water out of his bag. He didn't notice until he went to put them away, but the picture of the four of them had fallen out. Tears welled up again, but Pete pushed them back; he'd cried too much already. It was time to write.

He wrote down anything and everything he could think of about Patrick and Andy, and when he was finished, he gathered up a few nearby shells and arranged them around the picture and sheets of paper. He looked down at his work, touched his fingers to his lips, and then to the picture. Before he could think about crying again, Pete scooped up his bag and the time machine, hitting the Start button.

*****

Pete was momentarily confused when he found himself standing on the fringes of a crowd that looked familiar. He glanced around, and sure enough, there he was in the middle of the crowd. He ducked back even further, looking at the time machine and wondering what had gone wrong.

And of course, he had forgotten to set it back to Present. Obviously it had taken him to the time he had been previously. So what should he do? Go further back again or go to the present?

Pete tried to decide as he absently watched his other self, but he ducked quickly as he saw his other self glance in his direction. Brief thoughts of Back to the Future and bad alternate timelines (not that it could get much worse than what he'd just been through) flitted through his mind. Even if it couldn't get much worse, Pete didn't think he ought to chance it, so he set the time machine to take him to the present, figuring that his little ode to his bandmates had probably changed things. And if it hadn't…well, he'd know pretty quickly and could just go back again.

*****

Pete sighed in relief as he turned around and saw that he was standing just a little way down the road from a castle. That was different enough to convince him that things were definitely not the same as they had been. He took a shuddery breath and heaved it out slowly.

"Your Highness, are you alright?"

Pete jumped and spun around, unable to hold back a smile when he saw Patrick standing there and giving him a concerned look. He launched himself into Patrick's arms and was gratified to feel Patrick clutch Pete to him.

"Your Highness, now is neither the time, nor the place," Patrick said after a moment, trying to gently disentangle himself from Pete.

"It's the perfect time, Patrick, the perfect place."

Pete knew he should let go – something was obviously off – but he couldn't bear to quite yet. Eventually, Patrick just pushed him off, looking around furtively and sighing in relief when it turned out that there was no one around.

"We really should continue on if you want to have a decent walk before night falls."

Pete looked questioningly at Patrick, but he remained impassive until Pete finally nodded and they set off again. They hadn't gone much further before Patrick turned off the road and onto a small path that led between some trees. They walked on, and Pete realized that they were actually in a forest or something, rather than just a few trees.

He turned to look at Patrick, intending to ask where they were going or make a stupid joke, or anything really, but instead he just stared. He wasn't sure what to say, anyway, because what really wanted to come out were words about how much he loved Patrick, how much he missed Patrick and was scared to lose him again.

They stopped a few minutes later when they reached a clearing, and Pete was taken completely by surprise when Patrick latched on to him and pulled him in for a scorching kiss. He got with the program quickly enough, though, bringing his arms up to Patrick's shoulders and holding on for dear life.

They stayed like that for quite awhile, just making out amongst the trees; Pete knew he was being desperate and needy, clinging every time Patrick moved back even an inch to breathe, but he couldn't help it. He wanted Patrick as much as ever, and apparently the closeness was just what he needed to help get through his head that Patrick wasn't dead, was fine again, now that Pete had changed things.

Sure, Pete could still see the image of desiccated bodies if he thought about it too much, but right now he had this; it was a good distraction. Finally, Patrick pulled away for real, and Pete actually managed to let him go.

"Pete, we really do need to get back. You have dinner with Ashlee and your parents tonight, and you need to not be late this time. It's bad form to keep your fiancée waiting, especially this close to the wedding, with all of the last-minute details you'll need to discuss."

"Fiancée?" Pete asked incredulously, but Patrick was busy straightening both his and Pete's clothing and hair and didn't seem to notice his question.

Patrick went right on talking about the wedding, which was apparently in three days, while Pete had an internal debate. Okay, Ashlee? Was pretty awesome, a good friend before all this time travel stuff started. Patrick? Well, obviously they had something going despite the fact that Pete was marrying Ashlee.

The question was whether or not he could make this work. Could he still be with Patrick even after marrying Ashlee? Would that be fair to any of them? Pete was brought out of his thoughts when he realized that they were approaching the castle.

As they walked inside, Pete tried not to stare too hard; it was like something out of the Middle Ages. There was a courtyard with a bunch of people milling about with horses and carts, as well as a few honest-to-god armored guards standing near the gates. Everyone bowed to Pete as he passed, and yeah, that must have been what the whole 'Your Highness' thing was about.

He and Patrick made their way quickly to the inner part of the castle, where they slipped in quietly, and Pete surreptitiously got Patrick to lead the way to his rooms.

"Now, Your Highness, we really must get you changed."

Pete looked at the ridiculously fancy clothing laid out on his bed and had to suppress a shudder. Come to think of it, though, both he and Patrick were already wearing strange clothing (for God's sake, he was wearing breeches), so maybe it wouldn't be so bad. Pete was mildly surprised when Patrick started undressing him, especially since he was being so clinical about it.

"Patrick?" Pete ventured. "About this thing between us…"

Patrick's hands faltered as he buttoned up Pete's shirt.

"I know it has to end, Pete. I always have," he all but whispered, leaning in close to Pete.

"What if I don't want it to?" Pete asked, and Patrick let go of him entirely.

"You can't do that. You need to get married, and you can't risk being put to death for me. They'd catch us one day, and I just can't let that happen."

"But-"

"No. I didn't know how to tell you, but I'm leaving right after the wedding." Patrick looked momentarily sad, but his face went blank a second later.

Pete heaved a sigh; it looked like he wouldn't be staying here either, even if he really didn't like the idea of risking ending up in a world where Patrick was dead. Still, though, he could hang around here for the next couple of days and have some time with Patrick.

And that's exactly what he did. The next few days were spent mainly in his rooms with Patrick. It turned out that a prince didn't actually have that much he really had to do.

Finally, the day of the wedding rolled around, and since Pete had no desire to go through the ceremony when he wasn't going to be sticking around, he got up early and dressed himself, grabbing his backpack and the time machine, setting it for 10,000 BC.