Trial for Murdering My Wife  

By

JSR


Two years ago, my wife was brutally murdered, raped and mutilated. Two black men, called the police, saying that they had an appointment with my wife, and when they got to the house, she was dead, and I was very drunk. 

The police investigation, was shabby to say the least. The policemen that arrived at the scene were both black, and accepted the word of the two that called them as fact, without doing much investigation. I was arrested, and taken to jail. 

Once I was sober, I tried to tell the investigators what had happened, but they said that the witnesses  had told them all they needed to know. I ask them if they had looked at the video's of what happened in my bedroom, and they said there were no cameras in the room, and I was lying.

The prosecutors, told me the same thing and begged me to plead guilty to save an expensive trial. I said NO, I am innocent.

I have set in jail for the past two years waiting on my trial, as the Judge said due to the nature and veracity of the crime, the defendant will remain in custody until the trial. The news papers and media, all had decided that I was guilty, and no criminal lawyer would take my case. I was appointed an attorney by the court. 

My attorney also advised me to plead guilty, and I told him that I was not guilty, and would not admit to something I had not done. I then ask the black judge, if I can represent myself, with the court appointed attorney, as an advisory. The judge was not happy with that, but said I had that right, so that is what happened.

This is the story of my trial!

Once the jury was selected and empaneled, the black prosecutor made his opening remarks: He said, The state will show that the defendant was the only one who could have committed this crime. He was in a drunken rage, and brutally murdered his wife, after raping her and then mutilating her body. The evidence will show that he was the only one in the house at the time. The defense will tell you that someone else did the crime, but they will not be able to show that there was anyone else there, so only the defendant could have committed this dastardly deed.

My opening remarks were: We will show that not only was I NOT the only one in the house, besides my wife, but that procedural errors by both the investigating officers, and the prosecutors, led to false charges against me, but let the real criminals go free. We will show conclusive proof that I did not do this. Not only that, but we will also expose who the real killers are.

After my opening remarks, the judge said that we would adjourn until 9am in the morning. The jury was told not to talk to anyone about the trial, and was dismissed until morning. I was then escorted back to my cell, to wait until morning.

My attorney (helper) came to my cell and told me that I did a dangerous thing by saying that I could expose the real killer(s).  I told him that I really could, and that I would do as I had said.

At 9am, court reconvened, and the lead prosecutor called his first witness, which was the black police officer that I had talked to, that day at my home. He was ask to tell what happened. He said; my partner and I received a call from dispatch, saying to investigate a call at (my address). When we arrived, two men met us at the door and said that there had been a murder, and took us to the master bedroom. There we saw the victim lying on the bed, her breasts had been mutilated, and she had a knife stuck into her lower stomach area. The defendant was staggering around, very obviously drunk, with an empty bottle of bourbon lying on the floor. We called the situation into the station, and stayed until the detectives arrived. Thank you the prosecutor said, your witness.

I ask the officer; Officer, did I give you any explanation as to what happened? He answered, You told me that two black men had raped and mutilated then killed your wife, while they had you tied to a chair. Then you said that they forced the bourbon down your throat before they released you and left. I then ask; did you check out that statement? No he said. Why not I ask? You were drunk and lying to keep out of trouble. How did you know I was lying? Are you a mind reader?

No he said, reading your body language told me you were lying. Because I had been forced to drink a quarter of a 5th of alcohol, isn't it possible that you were seeing the effects of that, and confused it with lying? No and you were acting in a racist manor, accusing black people of the crime, just to try to get out of trouble. So, I said, telling you that two black men killed my wife makes me a racist? It sounds to me more like you are the racist. One more question, did I tell you anything else about what happened? Yes you said that it was all on video, but since there was no video equipment in the room, I knew you were lying about that also.

Did you search the room for video equipment? I ask. There was no need to, as I could see that there was none in the room. I shook my head and said; Then you do not know for sure that there was no video equipment in the room. No further questions.

The prosecutor ask to approach the bench. Talking to the judge, he said; This nonsense about video equipment is out of line. There is no evidence that the equipment was ever in the room. The judge looked at me and said; Well? I said, to the prosecutor, In my interview with your office, did I at that time, cold sober, say anything about the video equipment? Yes, he said, but no one has seen this mythical equipment. Your honor, I said, it does exist, and with your help, I fully intend to produce it at the proper time. For now we will allow the questions, but lets not get to far off track, or I will rule it out of order. Thank you, your honor I said.

The prosecutor called Rufus Stoneburner to the stand. After he was sworn in, he was ask to describe how he came to find the body of my wife. His answer was; My brother Mohammed and I were outside the mall that day, about noon. A lady came out of the mall and came over to us. She said that he had always thought it would be a thrill to have a big black cock, I mean penis, sorry your honor. She said that she would be home in about an hour and if we were to come to her house, she would have sex with us. She then gave us the address, and said to just come on in and upstairs to the first room and she would be waiting.  She also told us we had an hour and a half before her husband got home, and he hated blacks, so we would have to be gone before he got home. An hour later, we arrived at the house and went upstairs. There we saw her on the bed, dead, and her husband was finishing a bottle of bourbon. We then went downstairs and called the 911 and said that there had been a murder. We then waited for the cops to arrive, told them our story and they let us leave.

Did you see anything else? No, sir, we saw the knife sticking out of her and knew that if we stayed her husband would probably kill us also.

You said that she ask the two of you over to have sex with her? Isn't that a little unusual? the prosecutor ask. Not really, white women seem to love the fact that black men have larger penis's then white men, so they like to try it out, and then want it all the time. You seem to be smiling a lot, why is that? I am glad this white boy is going to fry. I hate it when black people are accused of crimes that white people do. Thank you, no further questions, the prosecutor said.

Mr. Stoneburrner, are you sure that you and your brother did not go to her and tell her she was to get a visit from the two of you, and that you were going to rape her? I ask. He of course denied that they had approached her, and never said anything about rape. I replied, I was sitting in our car not forty feet from where you approached her. With that, the prosecutor objected on the grounds that I was testifying. The judge upheld the objection. No further questions, I said.

The prosecutor again ask to approach the bench. He said; Your honor we can speed this up a little if my next witness does not testify, he is going to say just what the last one did. The judge looked at me, and I said if it is his brother, I will stipulate that he will give the same false statements as his brother did. That's a pretty harsh statement, the judge said. Your honor, I said, since they are both involved in this case, they have most assuredly rehearsed their lies.

The next witness was the Medical Examiner. The prosecutor ask the judge to clear the courtroom of spectators, saying that this testimony would be very graphic, and for the sake of the family, a little privacy should be kept. The judge ask me, what I thought, and I said; My wife is dead, my children are adults and need to know what happened to their mother, I have no problem with how graphic it gets, as long as it is the truth. The judge ruled that the spectators could stay.

The ME was ask, How long have you been the ME? 10 Years, he answered. The prosecutor then said describe what you found at the scene. The ME said, I found the lady spread eagle'd on the bed. Both of her nipples had been severed, and a knife was sticking through her body just above the pubic area. It came out just to the back side of her. She had been very brutally raped at least twice while she was still alive. She very quickly bled to death. Later, I found that her larynx was bruised as though a large cylindrical object had been forced into her mouth. I also found traces of blood in her mouth, that did not match hers, nor her husbands. Her wrists and ankles had indications of rope burns, but no rope was found in the room or the house.

You say that her nipples were cut off? Yes and from the way the cuts was made, a strong hand pulled the nipple away from her body, and sliced through in one cut. The pain must have been excruciating. It was the same knife on both breasts, and the same one found in her body. Were there any fingerprints on the knife? ask the prosecutor. Yes said the ME. Was it determined who the finger prints belonged to? The prints belonged to the defendant the ME replied.

What about the semen in her vagina, was it determined whom it belonged? ask the prosecutor. The ME answered, The mixture of 2 or more persons, but tests were inconclusive, one may or may not have been the defendant. Thank you Dr., no more questions.

I ask the ME, Dr. were there any other fingerprints on the knife? Yes, but they were smudged and could not be identified. Could those other prints have been belonged to someone else, rather than me? Yes, the smudges were definitively different from yours. Then is it safe to say that the person who used the knife on my wife, and then forced me to put my prints on the knife, would be the killer? The ME said, it is possible, but there is no way to prove that you did not use the knife on her.

OK Dr. lets go back to the bruise in her throat, is it possible that a very large penis, rammed into her mouth could have cause the bruise? I ask. It would have had to be at least 8 in long and at least 3 in in circumference to have made that bruise. I assure you Dr. I am not that big. Now if a penis that large was shoved into her mouth, would her gag reflex have caused her to bite down on the penis? She would have to have been a wonder woman not to bite down on it. Could that explain the blood in her mouth? The ME answered, under those conditions, she would not be able to stop from biting what ever was shoved into her throat.

Now Dr. lets look at the cuts that removed her nipples. You said that a strong person stretched her breasts as far as possible to make the cut, can you explain what you meant by that? When the nipple is pulled away from the breast hard enough, there is a small indentation around the nipple where it connects to the breast. These cuts were made through that small indentation all the way around. That would indicate a very hard pull on the nipple, and an extreme accuracy with the knife.

Dr. I said, do I look like I have the strength necessary to do that? The ME said, right now, no, but with adrenalin from an aroused state, most men could do it, if they had the accuracy with the knife. No more questions I said.

The state rests, said the prosecutor. 

I spoke up and said, Your honor, I would like to have a conference in your chambers, with you, my helper attorney, and the prosecutor, after we adjourn today. You have been more than kind in your treatment of me in this trial. However, this conference is vital to my defense, which I assume will start tomorrow morning.

The judge looked at the prosecutor, and ask, do you have any objections? The prosecutor said, never let it be said that I did not give a defendant a chance to clear him/her self. It is all right with me, but there should be a bailiff of a cop present. I looked at the judge and said, that is fine with me.

We all went back to our seats, and the judge said, Defense will start at 9 am tomorrow morning, Attorneys, defendant, and bailiff, I will see you in my chambers in 10 minutes.

In the Judges chambers, he said, You ask for this meeting, so let see what you want. You have the floor. Thank you, Your Honor, I said. Both the police and the prosecutor, have ridiculed me for making statements about there being a tape of what happened in that bedroom. There really is a video of what happened. I have two hidden cameras in that room. Both of which will have a recording as to what happened to my wife. I want this group, to go to my house and that room. There I will show you the cameras, and then show you the recording machine. The tape is on a 24 hour tape, not looped. I normally put a new tape on at 10 pm each evening. There is also a motion sensor that shuts the tape off if the room is empty. That tape will conclusively show who the real killers are, and they have been in the courtroom every day, gloating that they are getting away with murder. I am willing to have you surround the house with police to make sure I do not try to escape. That tape is my only defense, and without it, I will probably get at the least, life, but more probably be executed. If you value justice as I think all of you do, then grant me this. I promise you will not be sorry.

The judge looked at the prosecutor and said, what do you think? The prosecutor said, Tell us just what you think we will see on the tape, if they exist.

I said, if that is what it takes. As I said to the Stoneburner on the stand, I saw the two of them approach my wife at the mall. When she got into the car she said that they told her that she was going to either fuck them of her own will, or they would rape her.

When we got home, I never thought of locking the door, as we have not had any trouble in our neighborhood. A few minutes after we sat down in the living room, the door opened and the two of them walked in holding a gun. What kind of gun? the prosecutor ask. I do not know much about guns, but it had about a 6 in barrel and looked like it held about 6 bullets. I answered. A revolver? he ask. I guess that is what it is called.

Anyway, the one called Rufus, told us to get up and go to the bedroom, while the other one started pushing me and my wife toward the stairs. Once we got to the door of the bedroom, the door was pushed open and we were shoved inside, and the door was shut and locked behind us. Rufus put the key in his pocket so there was no way we could escape, out the window is a two story drop.

The other one moved the one chair in the room to the door, and took some rope out of his pocket and tied me to the chair. At the same time, Rufus threw my wife on the bed and ripped her clothing off. What he could not rip, he cut with that knife that he had. After he had her nude, he tied her arms and legs to the bed posts. He then took a part of my wife's clothing and stuffed it into my mouth so I could not talk. He took the rest of her clothing and put it in a sack. They had this well planned.

The chair I was tied to was turned so that I had to watch what they were doing to Sylvia. Both of them took off all their clothing, and put it in a neat pile, in such a way as to be able to put it on quickly. Once both of them were nude, Rufus climbed onto the bed and onto Sylvia's chest, above her breasts. With a knee on both sides of her, he took his now hard cock and put it to her face and demanded a blow job, with a deep throat. Sylvia shook her head no and he slapped her hard. While she was gasping for breath, he shoved it into her mouth, as far as he could get it into her. She gagged and her teeth must have bit him. He pulled out and turned and grabbed one of her nipples and pulled it up until her back was off the bed. Then he took one swipe and that nipple was cut off. Then he turned back to her mouth and rammed his cock back into her throat, and again she gagged and bit him. He yelled 'you fucking white bitch' then he grabbed the other nipple and again lifter her off the bed with it. Then he cut the other nipple off. He then climbed off of her and told his brother to fuck the bitch and make her cry. By this time Sylvia was in shock. Her face had turned white.

The brother kept pounding her pussy until I thought his dick was going to break her uterus wall, it had to be well beyond the cervix and into her uterus. After he had cum twice inside her, he pulled off and dressed. Then Rufus rammed his cock into her. He had cum in her once before she realized what was happening. She saw his knife laying beside her and picked it up. He saw her as she started to swing it at him. He grabbed her arm and turned the knife down. It drove through her and as it did, he screamed in pain. When he pulled out of her, he had a slice in his cock where the knife cut him as it went through her.

She had passed out from the pain, but was bleeding badly. I knew then there was no way I could save her. He put on his clothing and they moved me away from the door. Rufus went down to the kitchen where he found the  of a fifth of Jim Beam. While he was forcing it down my throat, the brother was taking the ropes off of Sylvia. Once the last of the bourbon was poured into me, they untied me and put the chair back where it had been. They then put the ropes in their pockets, so as not to leave them behind. Then they put my hand around the knife to get my prints on it. It seemed like about 5 minutes later that the police arrived. That is what you will see on the tape, that I have continually referred to.

My idea is for this group to see the tape, then open court in the morning. The Stoneburner brothers will show up to see me get what they want, and they can be arrested in the courtroom.

The prosecutor said; That tale is almost believable, but I would like to see this tape, because your story is almost a perfect trap if it is true.

The judge said, Bailiff, arrange to get an unmarked police van, and meet this group at the police entrance to this building. Then looking at me he said, I hope for your sake this is true, otherwise you will get the death penalty.

When we got to my house, we entered and went to the bedroom. I went to one wall and said, see this flower? Look at the center of it. In the center barely viable you will see a small lens of the camera. 

I then took them to another spot and showed them the camera that was there. Next I took them to a room in the attic, where I had the recorders. I took the tape from one of them and picked up the other recorder with its tape still intact. I said Your Honor these two tapes will confirm my story. And I would like to thank you for giving me this chance, lets go to your chambers so that you may see what is on these two tapes.

Back at the Judges chambers, we watched the video's, which confirmed my story. I then told the judge, I will spend the night in my cell, so that no one is the wiser, then the Bailiff can put deputies around the brothers when they show up. I also suggest that you, the prosecutor and I wear flack jackets under our clothing, in case they are armed.

The next morning, when court reconvened, the Judge said, I am releasing the jury. This case has been resolved. The defendant is released without prejudice. The bailiff will arrest the Stoneburner brother on a charge of rape and murder. Both of the brothers were armed with revolvers and knives.

They were later tried, with my tape as the evidence that convicted them. The jury awarded them both the death sentence. 



Comments and suggestions are always welcome:

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com