Theresa's Biological Clock
...And the Boy Next Door
by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2022

Story codes: Fb12, oral, first, preg

Summary: Theresa McIntyre, a successful business professional even though she was only 30 years old, really wanted to have a baby. But she wasn't interested in any of the men she'd dated, and didn't have the time or the patience to search for "Mr. Right," assuming such a person actually exists. As she watched her twelve year old next door neighbor boy mowing the lawn, she realized what the solution to her problem was.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============

Jeremy Baumgartner lay in bed, both hands wrapped around his cock, lazily sliding them up and down.

He was thinking about the woman who lived next door, Ms. McIntyre. He was thinking about her beautiful waves of auburn hair, how they flowed around her shoulders and made her look like a goddess. He was thinking about her broad cheeks, and her twinkling gray-blue eyes, and the way she smiled when she said "hi" to him. He was thinking about her long legs and the curves of her hips and the pale skin of her thin, taut stomach.

But most of all, he was thinking about Ms. McIntyre's breasts.

Like pretty much every twelve year old boy, Jeremy was obsessed with breasts, or as he and his friends always called them, "boobs." "Boobs" was their favorite word, because boobs were their favorite things.

Jeremy had always been obsessed with boobs, for as long as he could remember. Even when he was a little kid. A long time ago, when he was seven or eight and he first learned that it felt good to masturbate, he would think about boobs, because thinking about boobs always caused him to get a boner. And then he would rub himself and imagine all the girls in the world letting him look at their boobs, just like they always did in the pictures he saw on the internet. And he would imagine that Ms. McIntyre was one of those internet porn girls, and that she would lift her shirt and let him look. To this day, he still loves to think about Ms. McIntyre as an internet porn girl who loves to show everyone her boobs.

Back then, when he first started masturbating, he only did it every once and a while. But recently, it'd taken on a new sense of urgency. He was twelve now, and he started getting hair on his cock a few months ago, and he masturbated every day. Not just "almost every day," but literally every day, and sometimes several times, sometimes even in the bathroom at school! School was hard, because there were a few girls his age who had boobs, and he would sit in class and stare at them and think about what they'd look like with their shirts off, until he couldn't take another second of it, and he had to go to the bathroom and jack off until he came.

Sometimes he even stared at girls who didn't have any boobs at all, even his little sister and her friends, and he would think about how they'll look, someday, when their tits start to grow.

As much as Jeremy liked to look at the girls at school, and even totally flat girls, there was no doubt at all what his favorite boobs in the whole world were. Ms. McIntyre's boobs were his absolute favorite. Every night at bedtime, he'd look out his bedroom window, hoping that he could watch her changing her clothes. Sometimes, it worked. Sometimes, she would undress and he would see her in her bra, and he would stare and his cock would get painfully hard. It didn't happen very often, but when it did, he would stand in front of the window, watching her, and rubbing and stroking his boner until he came.

Sadly, he hadn't seen her tonight, but that hardly mattered. Just thinking about her boobs turned him on so much! His hands were moving faster now, pumping up and down on his cock, as he pictured her in his mind, first in her bra, then taking her bra off and letting him look at her tits. He'd never seen her with her bra off, but he could imagine it. He was very skilled at picturing girls with their clothes off. His eyes could undress every girl at school, and his sister, and all her friends. And his magic eyes undressed Ms. McIntyre, every time he looked at her.

He was jacking off fast and hard now, Ms. McIntyre filling all his thoughts, with her boobs out like an internet porn girl, letting him stare. And then his cock jerked, and spasmed, and his legs started shaking and he lifted his hips into the air. His cum started spurting out, over and over, big uncontrollable shots shooting three feet into the air and making a huge mess, splatting on his stomach and all over the bed sheets.

He pulled his pajama pants back up, smiling, and closed his eyes, still thinking about Ms. McIntyre and her gorgeous boobs.



===============



Theresa McIntyre was a highly successful young woman. At 30 years of age, she was five years into a career as a business analyst and program manager at a major Fortune 500 software company, and now, having risen steadily in the corporate hierarchy, she was a director with seven reports and dozens more beneath them. Another ten years, and she'll be Vice President. Twenty, and she might be CEO.

She'd traveled the world, both as a tourist and as part of her profession. She'd been to all the best museums, seen all the most famous Broadway plays, climbed mountains and skied down them. She drove the latest all-electric sports car, she had all the hot new technological gadgets, and lived in a brand new home in a brand new exclusive suburban subdivision. And, she had to admit, she'd dated some of the best men that the world had to offer. Certainly the best that money could buy.

Everything about Theresa McIntyre's life was perfect. Except for one thing. Yes, there was just one thing missing from the perfect existence that Ms. McIntyre has acquired for herself.

Theresa, you see, wanted to have a baby. She wanted to have a baby really, really bad.

Mostly, among her work colleagues, and the people in her friend group, the common course of action was that when you wanted to have a baby, you found yourself a husband. But that's not what Theresa wanted at all. Oh, god, no. It's not that she hated men; she'd dated all sorts of guys, and had sex with plenty of them, and often, the sex was great. She actually loved the sex. But the guys? Guys are fine to hang out with at the bar for drinks after work, but jesus hell, when it comes to actual relationships, guys are either whiny, clingy, and hopelessly childish, or they were insufferable egomaniacs, convinced despite all lack of evidence of their complete superiority to her in every possible way. At least, that's Theresa's experience. All the men she'd dated were either pathetic bootlickers, or they were quick to anger and prone to violence, and she didn't want to have jack shit to do with either of those.

Oh, and I almost forgot. Guys are smelly, too. The truth is that most of them smell quite nice while they're fucking you. Not all of them, but most of them. It's just, once they'd been hanging around your house for a day or two, it seemed like the place always starts smelling like the men's locker room at the local gym. Theresa'd had enough stinking socks and dirty boxer shorts lying on her bedroom floor to last a lifetime or two, and she had no intention of signing up for forty years of that.

Now, to be clear, some of her best friends were men. And she did love cock. She loved the smell of it, the taste, the shape, and best of all the feeling of it driving hard into her pussy. Fuck yes, Theresa did love cock. That was by far the biggest downside to the fact that she couldn't find a man -- not nearly enough cock.

She also knew, like everyone always says, "there's a perfect man out there for you somewhere." Maybe that's true, and maybe it ain't. Maybe there actually are men who aren't stinky bootlickers or egomaniacs, but the one thing she knew is that she'd never found them. If Mr. Perfect was out there, he was making himself extremely scarce, and she was far too busy with her career to look under all the rocks in the hope that he'll scurry out. She'd tried all kinds of things so far, dating apps, "young adult" groups at the local church, book clubs and gym classes and going out to dance with her friends. She found plenty of men through all of these, but they just didn't measure up.

So, no, she didn't want a man. Certainly not a husband. Too much work, and not nearly enough pay-off in the end.

But alas, she did want something that only a man could give her; she had longed to be a mother for her entire life, and now that she was thirty, she was beginning to see this dream slipping away. That light she saw at the end of the tunnel was actually a dead-end: middle age, menopause, and not a baby to be seen. If she had to do it the normal way, she was in big trouble; at this rate, it would take years for her to find a man that she was even moderately compatible with. In frustration, she began looking for alternative approaches. Sperm banks did not interest her; squirting a stranger's baby batter into her vagina with a turkey baster was not appealing in the least. She considered, and passed on, all of her male friends. It was just too awkward to imagine having sex with a friend, and even if they did it turkey baster style, there was still a lot of awkwardness in that.

Then one day after work, the solution to her problem dawned on her. When she got home that day, she did what she usually does, she kicked off those annoying high heels, peeled off her business suit and the torture device known as a brassiere. Then she pulled on a loose tank top and a little pair of shorts, and headed out to the deck to enjoy a good stiff cocktail in her backyard.

There she was greeted with a sight for sore eyes. The neighbor boy, Jeremy Baumgartner, was outside mowing his family's lawn. Fuck if the kid didn't have his shirt off, too.

Jeremy had always been a cute child, but lately, Theresa had been noticed certain things changing about him. He'd turned twelve years old a few months ago, and it seemed like he'd grown a foot in the last year. The kid was probably as tall as Theresa now, and she wasn't a short woman. Plus, he was beginning to fill out in wonderful ways, which she certainly had a fine view of right now -- broadening shoulders, thickening arms. Unexpectedly, as she sat there sipping her cocktail and watching him mowing the lawn with his shirt off, she felt her pussy get a little wet. Her mind wandered. I wonder what his cock looks like. I wonder if he has hair. I wonder if his penis is starting to look like a man's dick yet.

About right then, Jeremy killed the mower and walked up to the fence that separated her backyard from his. He had his shirt in his hands, but he hadn't put it on yet.

"Good afternoon, Ms. McIntyre," he said, despite the fact that she always told him to call her Theresa. Such a polite kid.

"Good afternoon, Jeremy," she answered. She was glad that he hadn't put on his shirt when he came over to talk to her, and she spent a moment admiring his youthful chest. Skinny, although beginning to fill out nicely, and hairless. And jesus what a cute set of nipples.

Fuck, I'm horny, she thought to herself. Must be ovulating.

"I was thinking..." the boy said, but as he talked, his eyes wandered downward until they settled on her breasts, and he gave a noticeable gulp. Theresa suddenly realized that the tank top she'd pulled on after work was providing an insufficient amount of coverage, and she was momentarily torn between being flattered by the kid's attention, and annoyed that despite his tender age, he was just as lecherous as all the men she'd known. Like they say, my eyes are up here, asshole. She reached up and very purposefully adjusted her shirt so that it was less revealing, and the kid, with obvious embarrassment, looked away.

"Your grass..." he stammered, then momentarily recovered his polite kid demeanor, "is getting a little long. Would you want me to mow it this afternoon?"

"Sure, if you have the time, that'd be wonderful," she answered. She did like to help the kid out. She always gave him twenty bucks to cut her grass.

As he wheeled his mower over to her yard, she noticed that he was trying very hard to not look at her tits. This made her smile. She was glad that he was trying not to be as annoying as most of the men she knew. But on the other hand, it was clear that no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't help himself. He had to look. And this made her smile, too. A horny little gentleman, she thought. That's kinda cute.

And right then, the thought hit her: I wonder if he's old enough to make sperm? Hmm...

As the boy pulled the cord on his mower and started cutting the grass, she picked up her phone and typed, "Do twelve year old boys make sperm?" The answer pleased her. Yes, it seems, some twelve year olds do make sperm, if they've entered puberty. And, she thought, as she looked over her phone at the shirtless boy mowing her lawn, it's a pretty good guess that Jeremy has hit puberty by now.

She sized him up for a moment. Cute? Definitely--the kid was lucky, he got his mom's Italian genes -- tall, with dark, gorgeous curls. But looks aren't the only genes she's interested in. What about his intellect? That's at least as important as looks, for the man, well, for the male, be he a man or a boy, who'll contribute his DNA to her future child. I wonder what his grades are, she thought.

Ah, screw that, she concluded, laughing out loud. I don't care how smart he is. I just want to fuck that gorgeous boy.

Jesus, I am horny!



Twelve year old Jeremy Baumgartner stared. He tried to pay attention to what he was doing. But unfortunately, what he was doing was mowing the lawn for his gorgeous neighbor, Ms. McIntyre, and he couldn't help himself. He just had to stare.

He knew it was rude, and even worse, he was sure that it made him seem like a little kid. Grownup men don't stare at ladies' boobs, right? But the poor kid was just so horny these days! All the time! Sometimes, he popped a boner even when he wasn't thinking about sex at all. It was like his cock had a mind of its own.

And besides, it wasn't his -- or even his cock's -- fault that he was staring. It wasn't his fault that Ms. McIntyre had the most beautiful tits of any woman he'd ever seen. Even compared to all the girls he looked at online, none of them had tits as nice as Ms. McIntyre's. Hers were magnificent works of art.

So even while he tried really hard to concentrate on mowing and not staring, there really was nothing he could do about it. It's not like he could help it. He just stared, because that's all that he could do. And what really, really sucked about this was that he had a super hard boner, and he was pretty sure Ms. McIntyre could tell. How could she not? It was sticking right out inside his shorts, and that made him just want to die! He wished he could make it go away, but there wasn't anything he could do. The only way to make it go away was to jack off until he cums, and even then that doesn't always help. But even if it worked, he wouldn't be able to do that for another hour, at least.



Theresa smiled as she sipped her cocktail and watched the neighbor boy mowing the lawn. She could feel his eyes on her, constantly. The horny little kid couldn't look away! And she could see -- Oh my god! He has the cutest little hard-on! She could see his cock standing up in his shorts, and she knew she should be disgusted that a boy was staring at her and getting an erection, but, maybe it was the cocktail, or maybe it's just that she was so fucking horny herself, but whatever the reason, she absolutely loved that little Jeremy, not exactly little anymore! was so into her that he was getting hard while he stared at her. Oh my fucking god, that's so adorable.

So, as she finished off her cocktail and poured another one from the pitcher, she started strategizing. Strategy number one was the direct approach. She'd just tell him the truth, that she wanted to have a baby, and she wanted him to be the one that made her pregnant. No strings attached, she wouldn't tell anyone that he was the father, and in exchange for his services, he would get all the pussy he ever dreamed off, free of charge. He could fuck her every day if he wanted, even when she was pregnant. Even after the baby was born. What twelve year old boy would turn that down?

But, she realized, that would probably freak him out. He was just a kid, after all. Just a virgin.

Hmm, she thought, he's a virgin. That's the hook. Strategy number two: Don't mention the baby. Just tell him that she wants to take his virginity. She's horny as hell and hasn't had cock in ages, and his is the only one available to her right now, and she'll let him do it. She wants his virginity, and she wants it now!

Thinking about that made her suddenly get very, very wet. Yep. I want to take that boy's virginity.

But, she also realized, that might still be a little too much for the kid. She needs to play it smooth. Maybe just ask him if he wants a blow job, and let it progress from there? She did like that idea. She liked sucking cock, and it'd be fun to have this little kid's dick in her mouth. Mmm, she thought, getting even wetter, yeah, that's it. Offer to suck him off, get him so close to cumming that he loses his mind, and then tell him that she wants to fuck. That'll work.

But will that freak him out, too? Of course he wants a blow job, but maybe even that's too aggressive for a twelve year old boy. So, gotta think this through a little bit. What does he really want? What can she do to really hook him, really reel him in, without causing him to run away? As she watched him finishing up with the mowing, staring at her the whole time with his shirt off and his hairless chest and adorable pecker sticking out inside his shorts, she knew what he really wanted. He wants to see my tits!

She sat back and licked her lips. Her plan, she knew now, was going to work. She adjusted her tank top, pulling it as far down on her chest as she could, and waited for him to finish.



Jeremy turned off the mower, having finally finished cutting the grass. He was so embarrassed by the huge boner that he'd popped, and that stayed rock hard the entire time he mowed Ms. McIntyre's lawn, that he just wanted to run away. He didn't care about the twenty dollars, she can keep the money! He just wanted to run away and hide!

But when Ms. McIntyre waved to him, giving him a hand signal that he should come up to her deck, what choice did he have? He looked down at his boner, sticking out so prominently from his shorts, and tried so hard to make it go away. But it didn't listen. His dick has a mind of its own.

Resigned to his incredibly embarrassing fate, he tried to adjust himself as best he could, and joined her on her deck.

Ms. McIntyre sat up. And when she did, he noticed, her tank top fell away from her chest, and his heart skipped a beat. If he got a little closer, oh my god if he could just get a little closer! he could see right down her shirt! He wanted to stay as far away from her as possible, on the off chance that maybe she didn't notice his boner, but he was driven by another need, and he walked right up to her, and looked right down her shirt.

And there, not more than two feet away from him, were Ms. McIntyre's tits. Naked, except under her shirt, but naked for him to see! It was only a fleeting glimpse, just two beautiful creamy mounds of flesh and a quick flash of nipples, before the woman lifted her hand and pressed the shirt against her chest, and Jeremy knew that he'd been caught. She saw him looking down her shirt, and he felt so stupid! He felt like such a little kid right then!

But Ms. McIntyre didn't seem to mind. She smiled up at him, and took her hand away from her shirt. But as she took her hand away, she pinched the fabric right at the top hem of the shirt. It seemed almost by accident, but it caused the shirt to pull away even more, and the boy had a perfect view of the woman's perfect breasts, round and full and creamy white, jigging just a little bit as she moved in her chair. And her nipples were so beautiful! Large pink circles on the top of her breasts, with thick nubs standing above the nipples.

And Jeremy just stared. He had no choice. He just stood there and stared right down her top. He heard her giggle, and he managed to look up at her face, and she was looking right up at him. She had a little bit of blush on her cheeks.

"You're looking down my top!" she said, giggling some more.

"I'm sorry," Jeremy said, but even as he said it, his eyes went right back down and stared at her tits some more.

The woman pushed her shirt back against her chest, so he couldn't see any more. "I probably shouldn't let you," she said.

The boy didn't answer. He kept his eyes glued on her chest, just in case he might get another little look.

"But actually, I like it when you look," she said. And she pulled her shirt away from her chest again. "Come closer, I'll let you. I don't mind."

Like an unthinking automaton, Jeremy took a step closer, and Ms. McIntyre gave her tits a little shake. They jiggled and shimmied in front of his eyes, her beautiful pink nipples stiffening as they rubbed against the cotton of her tank top.

Finally, she started to stand up. "My purse is inside," she said. "Why don't you come in, and I'll get you your money."

As they walked together into her house, Jeremy looked down and saw his boner, sticking straight out inside his shorts. He was mortified! And there was nothing he could do about it!

Ms. McIntyre's purse was sitting on the counter of the island in her kitchen, and rather than picking up the purse, she leaned over the counter to open it. Her shirt fell away from her chest again, and Jeremy could see right down it. He could see her breasts again! They were hanging down now, swaying from side to side, and looking so full, and so beautiful. They were the most beautiful tits he'd ever seen. Jeremy was in love with Ms. McIntyre's boobs!

She was looking up at him and smiling, as she found her wallet and took out a couple of bills. "You like looking at my tits, don't you?" she said.

"I'm sorry," he said again. But he didn't look away.

She smiled even more. "No," she said, "seriously, I meant it when I said that I like it. It turns me on. It's making me wet."

"Wet?" he said, like he didn't understand what she meant. But he did know that women's pussies get wet when they're turned on. He just couldn't believe that Ms. McIntyre's pussy was getting wet, just because he was looking down her shirt.

"Yes," she answered. "It makes me wet." She set two twenty dollar bills on the counter, slipped her wallet back in her purse, and stood up. But then she put her hands on the bottom of her shirt and lifted it up. All the way up above her tits. "Go ahead, look," she said, "as much as you want. I'll let you.""

Jeremy stood with his mouth hanging open. He couldn't believe that Ms. McIntyre was just like those girls online, who lift their shirts so willingly, just so that he can masturbate while he stares at their boobs. She might be like those girls because she lifts her shirt, but the comparison ended there. None of those girls were as beautiful as Ms. McIntyre, and none of them had boobs like hers. He had never seen anything as beautiful as the neighbor lady's gorgeous breasts. They sloped down from her upper chest, rising five inches until they tapered into two cotton candy nipples that puffed up an another inch above the surrounding flesh and were covered in pale pink goosebumps. The nipples continued rising, tapering upward to proudly present two stiff, thick nubs that stood up another half an inch and pointed skyward. Beneath the nipples hung two round, firm globes, pale and cream-colored, softball-sized swellings of breastfat held in place by tight skin, and shimmying just slightly as she breathed.

"Do you want to touch them?" Theresa asked the boy.

Wide-eyed, gape-mouth, staring, he took a step towards her and reached out his hands. Another step, and his fingers made contact with the soft flesh. Ms. McIntyre let out a soft little moan, and Jeremy wrapped has fingers around her tits and squeezed them, gently kneeding, experiencing for the first time in his young life the supple warmth, the soft comfort, of a woman's breasts. And as he stood in front of her, curiously exploring, tenderly massaging, he felt her reach down and place her hand on his stomach, and then slip it down. A moment later, her cool fingers were inside his shorts, venturing through the curls of hair above his cock, and then wrapping around his shaft.

"So big," she whispered. "So fucking big!"



Theresa was, indeed, very impressed by the size of the boy's cock. It felt to her like a man's cock, thinner, perhaps, than the best that she had encountered, but as long as many and longer than some. When her fingers got to his cockhead, she felt the wetness. The boy was literally dripping precum! Oh, fuck, she thought to herself, I've got to taste his precum! But not yet. She didn't want him to stop massaging her breasts. She was, in fact, quite surprised at how wonderful his hands felt on her tits. His inquisitiveness, his exploration, it made her tremble with excitement.

So she let him continue, she let him hold and squeeze and kneed her tits, and she contented herself for now with having her hand in his shorts, gripping and stroking his stiff cock, slipping her hand down to feel his surprisingly large balls. Oh yes, she thought to herself as she petted his stones, these will do the trick! These are full of sperm, and they're going to plant a baby in me, for sure. Then she pulled her hand out, reached up and pulled her shirt off entirely so that he could continue his ministrations on her tits unencumbered, and she leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. She left her mouth there, breathing against him.

"You're quite skilled with your hands," she said, and she reached her hands up and put them on his, and together they both massaged her tits. A minute later, she began sliding one of his hands down.

"Do you want to touch my pussy now?" she asked. "You can feel how wet you make me."

He looked at her, and nodded.

"Kiss me first," she said. "Kiss me on the lips." As she spoke, she continued pulling his hand down her belly.

The boy pressed his lips against hers in a sweet little peck.

"No," she said. "More than that. I want your tongue in my mouth."

He kissed her again, and she opened her mouth, and he slipped his tongue into her. At the same time, together, their hands slipped inside her shorts, and down.



Jeremy had no idea at all what he would find between her legs. He'd seen plenty of pussies online, but they were strange to him. He couldn't understand even basic things, like all the confusing parts and what they're for. He certainly didn't understand how he would put his cock inside a pussy, and watching videos of people fucking didn't help. It just made it all the more perplexing.

But Ms. McIntyre helped him, pulling his hand into her shorts and down, and he felt wisps of hair underneath his fingers, but she kept pulling his hand down until his fingers slipped between her legs. And then he felt something amazingly warm, and so wet that it soaked his fingers.

"Oh, Jeremy," the woman moaned, even though they were still kissing. She showed him with her fingers what to do, helped him to explore the strange wet folds, slide the tip of his fingers up to her clit, then down, and in, his finger now encased inside the slippery warmth of her pussy.

"Oh, Jeremy," she whispered again, before pushing her tongue into his mouth. "Oh, Jeremy!"

She lifted her face away from his, staring right into his eyes. "Do you want me to suck your cock?"

All Jeremy could do was nod enthusiastically in response. And then he watched, his heart thumping hard, as beautiful Ms. McIntyre knelt in front of him and pulled his shorts and his underwear down.

"Oh god Jeremy," the woman moaned, "what a gorgeous cock." She gripped his shaft, opened her mouth, she leaned in towards him, and took his precum-leaking dickhead between her lips.

Jeremy closed his eyes, lifted his head, and let out a breathy moan at the feeling of her warm mouth, her soft tongue, her wet lips. He felt her suck, and then she began to stroke. She started sucking in rhythm with her strokes, the boy letting out soft little "Oooh"s with each suck. At the sound of his sweet moaning, she lifted her other hand and lovingly cradled his balls, petting them with her fingers.

A moment later, Jeremy's legs began to shake, and he let out a long low groan.



Theresa smiled to herself. The boy's going to cum! I've been sucking his cock for thirty seconds and he's already going to cum! Give it to me, Jeremy, give it to me, my lover. Fill my mouth, I want to taste it, I want to swallow it, I want to have your cum inside me!

She felt his cock spasm, and he grunted, "Uggghhh," and she felt his cum fire out of him and slam into the back of her throat, a huge shot, hot and thick. She petted his balls and stroked his cock and the boy came again, and he just kept cumming and cumming. It might have been premature ejaculation, but it was an enormous load, regardless. She'd never had this much cum shot in her mouth before.

When he was finished, she held his cock in her mouth while it twitched the last few times, making sure she got all of his cum. Then she sat back and looked up at him and opened her mouth. The boy looked down at her and she sat there on her knees with her mouth open for a couple of seconds, letting him look, letting him know that he'd just filled her mouth full with his semen.

Then she closed her mouth while he watched, and swallowed. She felt the thick warmth flow down her throat, then smiled up at him and opened her mouth again so that the boy could see that she'd swallowed it all. He just stared, looking a little bit like a deer in the headlights of a car.

"So much cum!" she said, licking her lips and standing.

"I'm sorry," Jeremy said, looking concerned. "I didn't mean to..."

Theresa pressed her tits against him and nuzzled into his neck. "No, baby, I loved it," she whispered. "You can cum in my mouth whenever you want."

"I can?" Jeremy couldn't believe that she'd just said that.

"Yes," she said, kissing him on the neck, and reaching down to feel his cock. She was amazed to find that he was still just as hard as he had been when he throbbed in her hand. "And you can cum in my pussy whenever you want, too."

She felt him gulp, and kissed his neck again.

"Do you want to cum in my pussy?" she asked.

He nodded.

"Lie down on the floor," she said.

The kid was wide-eyed as he lay down, and Theresa quickly pulled her shorts and panties off and climbed on top of him, leaned over, and kissed him.

"I want your cock so badly, Jeremy," she said. "Will you give me your cock? Will you let me feel your wonderful cock inside me?"

The twelve year old was clearly overwhelmed by all of this. He could barely speak, and his eyes were wide, and he looked more scared than excited, and Theresa realized that she was going far too fast for the poor boy. She felt bad, she felt like she was using him, even, she realized, like she was molesting him.

She leaned down and kissed him again. "I'm sorry," she said, "I feel like I'm going too fast for you. I just get really horny. We can slow down. We can stop."

She could tell the boy didn't know what he wanted. He didn't have any way to tell her what he wanted. She gave him as sweet a smile as she could, kissed him again, and climbed off.

"I think we should get dressed now," she said. Jeremy looked relieved, and terribly disappointed, both at the same time. "But I want you to know, Jeremy," she added, "I want to have sex with you. Really, really badly."

The boy gulped again. "I really want to have sex with you, too," he said.

"Maybe... Maybe, if you want, you can come back tomorrow."

He nodded. "Okay," he said, his voice cracking with excitement, regret, anticipation.

"You don't have to. Only come back if you want to."

"I want to," he said.

Theresa smiled at him. "I'm glad. You promise?"

"I promise."

"We should come up with a reason for you to come over," she said, "in case your parents ask."

Jeremy nodded. "Maybe you need help with something?"

Theresa put a hand on his chest, gently rubbing a finger over his nipple. "Yes! I need a big strong man like you to help me move some furniture."

There was a beautiful, genuine smile on the boy's face, the first smile that Theresa had seen from him since before he'd started mowing her lawn. She felt a little proud of herself for having realized that he was feeling uncomfortable, and stepping back to allow him space, and she felt that his smile was validation that she had done the right thing.

"Yes!" he said, sounding honestly excited about the idea. "I'll tell them you asked me to help you move some furniture!"

"It's a plan!" she said, grinning back at him.



Theresa lay in bed, aggressively sliding a dildo in and out of her pussy. She was thinking about Jeremy Baumgartner.

She'd picked out a dildo from her collection that was close in shape and size and texture to Jeremy's cock; narrow, long, stiff. "Oh, fuck me, Jeremy," she let out in a breathy moan, sliding that dildo in, fast and deep.

Part of her regretted that she hadn't fucked him when she had the chance that afternoon. His gorgeous twelve year old man meat was no more than two inches from her cunt, and she was dripping wet and she could have slid right down on that boy cock and fucked his eyeballs out.

But even though she was seriously wishing she had fucked him, and that she was fucking him right now, she also knew she'd made the right call. Jeremy was freaked out. She was being too aggressive. She couldn't help it, she was just so damned horny for him, but if she'd fucked him right then, she might have gotten his precious cum, but it might well have been the only time she got it. And it might have caused him serious psychological harm.

Stopping, though... That put him in the driver's seat. When he comes back, he'll know he's coming back to have sex with her. No shock, no surprise, no unwelcome or frightening aggression from her, he'll know exactly what's going to happen. And, of course, he could choose not to come. It's entirely his choice. But that thought made her smile, because she knew that there was no chance in hell that he wasn't coming back. She'd given him just enough of a taste to make absolutely certain that he couldn't stay away from her. She'd let him put his finger in her pussy, and let him cum in her mouth, and there was no doubt that he wanted more.

"Oh, fuck, Jeremy," she moaned, ramming that dildo in and out. "Please, Jeremy, please, come back. Come back and fuck me and put your baby in me!" She was fucking herself hard and swirling her finger over her clit and her pussy was gushing and she was cumming, imagining Jeremy and his beautiful cock firing his semen inside her.

As she came down from her orgasm, she left the dildo inside while she caught her breath. And she laughed. She laughed, because she realized that she'd never been this turned on by a guy in her life. No man her age has ever made her feel this way. Only Jeremy. Only the little twelve year old neighbor boy.

While she laughed, the dildo slipped out of her pussy, and she reached down and picked it up.

"Oh!" she said. "Still hard, Jeremy? Here, let me suck you now."

She slipped the dildo into her mouth and began swirling her finger over her clit again, remembering how he tasted, how he felt. And how he came.



Jeremy Baumgartner lay in bed with his hands wrapped around his cock. He was thinking about Ms. McIntyre.

Why did she stop? he wondered. He didn't want her to stop! He wanted to have sex with her! God, he was sooo disappointed that she stopped!

But she said she wanted him to come back, right? That's what she told him. And he knew that if he did go back, no, when he goes back, that they will have sex.

It made him so excited, to know that they're going to have sex! Tomorrow night!

As he stroked his cock, he imagined what it would be like to be inside her. He'd had his finger in her pussy, and he was remembering what it felt like in there. So warm, so soft. So wet! He was imagining what it would be like to have his cock in there instead of his finger, and it turned him on so much to think about it.

Then he remembered what it was like to touch her breasts, how he held those soft wonderful warm boobs in his hands, squeezing them and gripping them, exploring them with his fingertips and feeling everything about them. And then he thought about how she'd taken his cock into her mouth. It was so amazing! Her mouth was so warm! And he thought how he had cum in her mouth, and she didn't mind. She liked it! Oh god she liked it!

"Oh Ms. McIntyre!" he groaned out loud. "Oh you're... you're such a slut! I'm going to cum in your mouth again!" He lifted his hips off of the bed, pounding hard on his cock.



Theresa was furiously masturbating while she slid that dildo in and out of her mouth. "Cumb ib my mouf again, Jeremy!" she moaned around the dildo. "I'm a slut, I'm a whore, I'm a cum hungry bitch!" She lifted her hips off the bed, furiously fingering her clit.



"Oh god!" Jeremy moaned out loud. Across the narrow strip of lawn separating his bedroom from hers, Theresa moaned as well, "Oh god!"

And they both came, together, the boy shooting his cum into the air and imagining that he was cumming in his neighbor's mouth again, the woman writhing and humping her hand and sucking her dildo and imagining her neighbor boy was filling her mouth again.



===============



Jeremy was hard all day at school. All he could think about, all day, was how he was going to have sex with Ms. McIntyre in just a few hours. He wanted to tell all his friends, "I'm going to have sex tonight!" but he knew he shouldn't, that Ms. McIntyre could get in a whole lot of trouble if he said anything at all. So he didn't, even though he wanted to brag so badly!

After school, he waited for her to come home from work, ready to run to her house the moment that she did. But she hadn't come home by the time his dad had dinner ready, so he had to wait a little longer. He couldn't stand it! But he had to wait.

Over dinner, he told his parents that he was going to Ms. McIntyre's that night. "She asked me to help her move some furniture," he told them.

"Oh, that's nice of you to help her out" his mother said. "Is she going to pay you?"

"Yeah," he lied. "Twenty bucks!"

"She needs a husband," his father said. "Then she wouldn't have to pay the neighbor kid to move some furniture."

"Oh, pish," his mom said. "Husbands aren't necessary when you have a nice strong handsome young man next door."

Her husband rolled his eyes. "She doesn't even seem to date anymore. All she seems to care about is her work. She's going to regret that. She's going to want to have children sooner or later, and she'll have no one around to be the father."

"Having children isn't the only thing a woman wants to do with her life," his mother responded.

"Every woman I know has eventually decided that she wants to have kids," his dad said. "It's all about the biology."

"Every woman?" Jeremy's mom asked.

"Okay, fine, most women," his dad admitted. "But come on, Mel, you couldn't have made it to thirty without wanting a kid."

"True," she said, "I couldn't have even lasted that long!"

"See what I'm saying?" her husband responded. "She needs to find herself a man."

Jeremy sat quiet, wanting to object to everything his dad was saying, but worried that it'd be too obvious. His little sister, however, stepped in for him.

"Maybe she doesn't like men," she said.

"Right!" Jeremy hastily added his agreement. "Maybe she likes..." He stopped himself mid-thought, almost having said something he knew he shouldn't.

"Girls!" his sister finished for him. "Right, Jerry? Maybe she's a lesbian!"

"She's not a lesbian!" Jeremy shot back defensively.

"Oooo!" his little sister said. "Jerry has a crush on Ms. McIntyre!"

"Jennifer!" his mom scolded. "Eat your vegetables." She turned back to Jeremy. "I think it's sweet that she asked for your help. She knows you're a strapping young man, perfect for helping her move her furniture."

"Maybe Ms. McIntyre has a crush on Jerry!" his little sister said.

"Jennifer!" their mother scolded her.

"Jerry has a girlfriend!" the nine year old giggled.

"That's enough, Jennifer!" her mother responded. "Now you're doing all the dishes, by yourself. And Jeremy, you better get over to Theresa's house. It could take a little while to help her, and it'll be bedtime soon."

Jeremy tried to act as nonchalant as possible when he stood up from the table. "Yes, mom," he said, like it was something he wasn't looking forward to that much. He was proud of himself, for how cool he was playing it!



Theresa was wet all day at work, thinking about how she was going to be having sex with Jeremy that evening. She couldn't concentrate on anything; all she could think about was the neighbor boy fucking her with his gorgeous cock and filling her with his massive loads of cum. Oh god, she thought, many, many times, all day long, I want him to flood my womb with his sperm!

It seemed to take forever for her to get out of the office when the evening came, and she drove home as quickly as she could. All these fucking red lights! Jesus Christ! She had to change her panties, once she got home. They were completely soaked. While she changed, she spent a little time picking out the sexiest outfit she could find. What would he like? A short skirt, maybe a schoolgirl look? Nah, older guys are into schoolgirls. Jeremy probably wants something more grownup than that.

So she pulled on her tightest form-fitting cocktail dress, a little gray number with black lace trim that clung to her like a glove, showing off every curve. It was low-cut at the neckline, but she pulled it down even further. She wanted to give the neighbor boy a good look at a lot of cleavage tonight!

She'd barely managed to check her hair and touch up her lipstick, when the doorbell rang. The sound of it caused her pussy to gush, like she was Pavlov's dog. She smiled. God, I've never been so horny for a guy in my life! My panties are going to be soaked again before I even see him! What is it about this boy that turns me on so much?

She hurried to the door and, just before she opened the door, she made sure that the top of her cocktail dress was pulled down as far as it possibly could be. She grinned as she looked down. A scandalous amount of cleavage! Jeremy's sure going to like this!

Then she opened the door, and there was her twelve year old neighbor boy, grinning as he looked her over. Just seeing him made her pussy gush even more.

"Hi, Jeremy!" she said, welcoming him in with a sweep of her hand.

"Hello, Ms. McIntyre," the boy said. He looked a little nervous, but even more, he looked excited, as he stepped in to her house.

"Any problem getting away from your parents?" she asked as she closed the door behind him.

"No," he said. "They think it's nice for me to come over to help you move your furniture."

"It is," she said. "It's very nice." She stepped into him, put her arms around him, pressed her body against his. She could feel his cock. Hard already! And her pussy did more than just gush. It quivered and pulsed in anxious anticipation.

They stood there at the door and kissed, tongues already deep inside each other's mouths. They kissed for a full minute until finally she stepped back. "I've been really looking forward to this," she said, and took his hand.

"Me, too!" the boy said.

Theresa smiled. Her little plan had worked; stopping before they actually fucked the day before had left him craving more, and he was here now, and completely willing. "Let's go up to my bedroom," she said.

She led him by the hand to her room, then to her bed, and sat him down. She climbed onto his lap, and kissed him. Her hands worked quickly, unbuttoning his shirt and pulling it off, then reaching down and starting to work on his pants. His hands were slower than hers, the kid was so insecure and uncertain! Theresa had to encourage him to touch her, she had to reach up and take his hands in hers and put them on her tits for him. Once there, he just left them in place and squeezed. Each time his fingers dug into her soft flesh, a bolt of electricity flowed through her body, concentrating its intensity between her legs, and her pussy pulsed and quivered and gushed some more. But still, she was hoping he'd tear the cocktail dress off of her soon, like any grown man she'd ever known would have done. But, she had to smile. Jeremy was no grown man, that's for sure. She didn't want to freak him out by being too overly aggressive with him, like she'd done the day before, but she also knew she had to be the one to advance the ball.

Once she got his pants unbuttoned, she climbed off of his lap and helped him stand, and he dropped his pants while she pulled the dress over her head. He was still trying to step out of his clothes as she peeled her panties off and climbed onto the bed. She lay down, spread her legs open, and smiled at the now-naked boy.

Jeremy was visibly shaking as he joined her on the bed, she wanted to do something to help him calm down a little. "Hey," she said, "are you nervous?"

He looked at her with scared puppy-dog eyes, but didn't respond.

"We don't have to do this, you know. We can just--"

"No!" he quickly interjected, practically shouting. "I really want to!"

"Good," she said softly. "'Cause I really want to, too." She sat up a bit and put her hand on his sides, helping him to understand that he should climb on top of her, between her open legs. Once he was situated, she lay back down on her back and reached out, taking his cock in her hand and directing it down.

"Slide it in me, Jeremy."

The boy pushed his hips forward, and once she made sure his head was pushing into her hole, she took her hand away. His cockhead sunk an inch into her, and they both let out simultaneous moans. Theresa could feel her pussy lips spasm in anticipation, and she felt her cum dribble down onto her asshole. God, I'm so wet!

Jeremy seemed to be stalled at this point, with just his cockhead inside her. She smiled up at him, and he looked down with a face that seemed simultaneously overwhelmed with happiness, and confused as to what he should do next. With an almost motherly patience and gentleness, Theresa put her hands on his hips and nudged him deeper into her. He seemed to understand, leaning his hips forward as her hands directed him. After his cock had burrowed into her pussy another inch, she pushed his hips back, and his cock pulled out, but unfortunately, it slipped out entirely. Theresa gave him a big smile, reached down, and helped him find his mark again.

"It takes a little while to get it just right," she said. He nodded, concentrating on his task now. "You'll get it!"

This time, he pushed his hips forward with little guidance from Theresa at all, and he sunk in deeper. Then he pulled back, but was more careful, making sure that his head was still inside the folds of her pussy lips. Forward again, three inches in.

"There you go!" Theresa said, lifting her hands away completely now and laying them on the bed above her head. Jeremy pulled back and pushed in, and she let out a heavy sigh. "Fuck me, Jeremy!" she said. "Fuck my pussy!"

The boy grunted this time and his cock sunk deep, and Theresa felt his balls knock up against her.

"Oh, fuck me!" she said. "My pussy is yours, Jeremy! She's your fuck toy, use her!"

The boy pulled back, cautious again to not leave her, then dove in all the way. Back, still cautious, then in. But now he was definitely getting the hang of it, and he was moving faster, filling her deep, rearing back, filling her deep again. Oh, yeah, now the boy was fucking her! Now he was using her all he wanted, grunting and groaning as he started slamming into her open, soaking wet cunt.

It wasn't exactly "premature ejaculation" this time, but the twelve year old wasn't able to take more than a couple minutes of this. Theresa understood. In fact, she was quite fine with that. What she wanted more than anything, was his cum. When he was panting hard, with that red-faced look of pending explosion, she wrapped her legs tight around him. "Cum, Jeremy!" she shouted. The boy groaned, loud and long. "Cum for me! Cum inside me!" Theresa shouted, gripping him tight as he continued to hammer his cock in her.



Jeremy's whole body was overwhelmed with the most intense feeling he'd ever experienced in his life. His hair seemed to be standing on end, his fingers were clenching at the bed sheets on either side of Ms. McIntyre, his arms were shaking, his legs were shaking, his whole body was shaking.

The entire act of sexual intercourse was a blur for him, from the moment he'd felt that tight warmth of his neighbor's wonderful pussy as her labia wrapped around his head, then sinking deep into her and beginning a primal animalistic rutting, and now, with Ms. McIntyre shouting "Cum inside me!" as she held him locked to her with her legs

"Oh, FUUUCCKKK!" the twelve year old shouted, in response to the woman's shouts. "Ahhhh!" he groaned, long and loud, and all of the powerful feelings in his body, from his gripping hands and shaking feet, to his prickling scalp and the electric feel of Ms. McIntyre's fingernails as they dug into his shoulders, all of these sensations combined together into a powerful stroke, his cock driving as deep into the woman as he could, his ballsack tightening around his testicles. As he sunk into her, he lifted himself up onto his toes, so that nearly all the weight of his body was concentrated on in his cock, and for one glorious second, he just stayed there, overwhelmed by everything that was happening, all around him. And then it came. He came. In a split second, so quick it was almost an instant, and enormous shot of cum fired out of him and deep into Ms. McIntyre's pussy.

It seemed to him like she was screaming, "God, yes, cum!" she shouted. "Cum in my dirty nasty slutty pussy Jeremy!" Her words were like magic to him, causing him to keep pumping and pumping cum.

The boy had definitely never experienced anything like this. Nothing even remotely like this. He lay on top of the woman, panting, and one thought rang through is brain. Holy shit, sex is great. It's the greatest thing ever.

Once he'd caught his breath, he pushed himself up off of Ms. McIntyre and began to climb off of her. But she wrapped her legs even tighter around his ass.

"Don't leave," she whispered, sounding hoarse. "I want you inside me. Kiss me."

Jeremy leaned over his neighbor and kissed her on the lips. They lay there for another minute, kissing, and while they did, she began moving her hips as best she could underneath him, and his cock began to slide inside her dripping pussy. Ten seconds later, he joined her hip movements, and they lay there together, holding each other tight and kissing and making gentle love.

The boy lasted much longer this time, and while he didn't ever feel any of those overwhelming, fireworks-and-rockets sensations this time, he felt something else, something much deeper and more fulfilling, a powerful feeling of mastery, of ownership. He felt, for those ten minutes, like he was the most important man on Earth. And when his orgasm finally bloomed inside him, he remembered that Ms. McIntyre had told him, right when they began to fuck, that her pussy belonged to him. The thought of this sent him over the edge, and he ejaculated, shooting all of his cum into her pussy. Into his pussy.



He stayed in her after once again while they kissed and held each other, until his puberty-fueled erection finally dissipated, and he slipped out of her, and off of her, to her side.

"Can I come back again tomorrow?" he said between kisses.

"I guess you liked it, didn't you?" Theresa said.

Jeremy smiled big. "Can I?!?"

Theresa smiled back, just as big. "Of course you can! But we'll need some sort of excuse. Some reason for you to come over."

"Maybe you need more help moving furniture?"

The woman laughed. "I think we probably need something else. If you keep coming over to move furniture, your parents will get suspicious."

"Yeah," the boy said, laughing with her. "They already think you have a crush on me!"

"They do?!?" she said, a little shocked. What reason could they have for thinking that?

"Well, my little sister does at least," he answered. "She said it at dinner tonight, when I told them I was coming over here to help you move furniture. She's always such a brat!"

"She's not wrong, you know."

"Really?!?" Jeremy's eyes got wide.

"Yeah, really."

"So, does that mean you want to be my girlfriend?"

"Well, maybe your 'secret girlfriend,'" Theresa answered.

"And I can be your secret boyfriend!"

"Yes!"

Theresa grinned, then moved in and kissed him. "Since we're secret boyfriend and girlfriend," she said, "we should kiss a lot."

"Okay!" Jeremy said, grinning along with his secret girlfriend and kissing her back. "But my dad says you should get a real boyfriend," Jeremy added, when they broke the kiss.

"He does?"

"Yeah. Well, really, he said you need a husband."

Theresa laughed. "Oh, he did? Why does he think I need a husband?"

"'Cause then you wouldn't have to pay the neighbor kid to move your furniture!" Both of them laughed at that.

Theresa put her hand on Jeremy's naked chest, so hairless, so youthful. "But the neighbor kid is really good at moving furniture."

"I didn't even move any!"

"But you moved the bed a lot," Theresa said, and they both laughed some more.

"Actually," Jeremy said, "My dad says you need a husband because you're going to want to have a baby some day."

"Oh?" She ran a finger lightly over one of his nipples.

"Yeah. I guess he thinks women always want to have babies. That's what he said."

"Well...," Theresa said, "can I tell you a secret?"

"Sure."

"I do want to have a baby," she said.

"Oh." Jeremy looked a bit confused. "But..."

"But you're dad's wrong. I don't want a husband."

"Don't you need a husband to..."

"Of course not! There's all kinds of ways to have a baby without a husband."

The boy nodded. Of course their were.

"I'm thinking about working with a couple of sperm donors," Theresa said. It wasn't entirely a lie. She had briefly thought about it.

"Sperm donors?" the boy said, like he didn't understand.

"Yeah, you know," she started explaining. "Guys that--"

"I know what a sperm donor is!" Jeremy interjected. "I just thought..."

Theresa smiled at him. "You thought that I'd want your sperm?"

"Well..." he said, embarrassed enough that his face was turning red.

"I do, Jeremy. Your sperm is my favorite in the world! I just don't want you to feel any pressure. If I use a sperm donor, then we can just fuck for fun and you don't have to think about it. You're really too young to have to think about shit like that."

"No I'm not! I'm... I'm getting older!"

"So..." Theresa said, sliding her finger down from his nipple to his skinny stomach, "do you think you might want to... donate your sperm to the cause?" Her finger slid past his belly button and down into his pubic hair. "We can still fuck for fun, of course, but just... We can just be open to the possibility."

"Possibility?"

"Of pregnancy," she said.

"Oh. Right."

"And if I do get pregnant," her hand was now on his cock. She could feel him swelling to her touch. "I'll just tell everyone that I used a sperm donor. The actual identity of my sperm donor can be our little secret!"

"I like that! Our secret!" The boy was grinning, looking excited at the conspiratorial idea.

"My secret sperm donor!" The woman climbed on top of the boy, straddling his waist.

"Yeah!"

She reached down behind her, lifting his cock, then slid back and directed him into her. "My secret crush, my secret boyfriend, and my secret sperm donor!" As as sat down on his cock, feeling it driving into her pussy, she saw the boy's eyes roll up into their sockets and gloss over, and she saw a big happy smile form on his face.

I think I've fucked him silly, she thought to herself. She giggled, and then thought, This will make him even sillier! And she leaned over him and hung her breasts in his face, rubbing them back and forth over his cheeks.

Eventually, the boy's mouth found a nipple and latched on tightly, sucking hard, causing waves and pulses of electric lightning to shoot through Theresa's body. "Oh, god, Jeremy! You're gonna make me cum!" she said. "Suck, my sweet secret boyfriend! Suck my tit!"

And suck he did, while his neighbor lady girlfriend's pussy spasmed around his cock and she came, slamming her hips up and down on him the entire time. He joined the motion of her hips, lifting his to meet her downward motion, and they were fucking each other hard, long thin boyish dick driving deep into soft wet woman pussy.

"Cum in me, Jeremy!" Theresa shouted as her orgasm peaked. "Oh, fuck, put your baby in me! Flood my womb with sperm!"

The boy's cock spasmed inside her spasming pussy, and he began to cum himself, and he shot his third load of semen into her that night.



===============



Theresa McIntyre sat on the deck in her back yard and watched the neighbor boy, Jeremy Baumgartner, as he chased her daughter around the yard. The toddler squealed, giggling hard, when the boy caught her around the waist and lifted her into the air.

Jeremy had grown a lot over the last two years. He was starting to look like a man now. He even had some dark curls of hair on his once-bare chest. Theresa knew those curls well. She knew everything about his body. Everything. And although everyone seemed quite accepting of her claim that she used an anonymous sperm donor to get pregnant, she couldn't help thinking that the toddler was an absolute mirror image of the neighbor boy, the same black curly hair, the same smile, the same shining eyes. Some people must wonder, don't they? Some of them must be suspicious.

As Jeremy set the girl down, both of them laughing and giggling and then chasing each other again, Theresa smiled. She loved watching the two of them together.

Then, Theresa McIntyre patted her swollen belly. The poor kid's going to have his hands full when their second child is born, that's for sure!




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
