TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  JANUARY 2010 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuck, M+/F, MM, MF, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title: Vol 1: Entry From A Cuckold's Journal
Author: C.D.E.
Story# 2010-03

CAST:
Percy -Cuckold Husband
Pearl  Slut Wife

	Dear Journal:

	Today I decided it was best for me to have a talk with my wife's
boss and appeal to his sense of decency. His name is Mr. Jackson.

	It's a virtual open secret they are having an affair.  I met
with him and we talked.

	"Percy, I have to admit, your wife Pearl is one fine piece of
ass.  And she's an easy fuck too.  She loves big dicks in her
pussy.  She's told all me about your little "bird dick", I think
that's how she described it.  But despite that, she says she
really loves you.  And she laughs when she talks about how she
makes you wear a rubber all the time, but always let other men
fuck her raw, unprotected, and always let them shoot off in her
hot wet cunt.

	And I have to tell you, your wife does have a world class, good
to fuck, hot juicy snatch.  She raves about using a pussy plug to
hold sperm she takes in her cunt, so she can take it home for you
to eat out.  She is ecstatic about that great tongue and mouth of
yours slurping and sucking up better men's jism from her often
fucked cunt."

	"S-S-She said t-that?"

	"Sure did.  But you shouldn't feel shame about sucking up a
better man's cum if that's what it takes to keep her yours.  I
understand you having to do whatever it takes to float your boat
and keep your marriage together.

 	Anyway, she doesn't bite her tongue about telling me about all
the babies she's had from other men during your marriage, and
that you're the loving daddy of all of them.  And even though she
doesn't see you as a real man, if it's any consolation, she's
crazy in love with you, and how well you accept and raise the
bastards other men put in her belly."

	"I-I guess I-I should thank you for telling me that.  A-And
s-sir I-I a-appreciate your understanding m-my situation... a-and
I-I do love my wife.
Er... W-Well Mr. Jackson, t-that's why I-I came to see you. 
Y-You see my wife
h-has a condition a-and doesn't always t-think clearly about the
consequences of h-having unprotected sex a-and c-coming home to
m-me pregnant with other men's babies.  I-I know it-it would be
futile asking e-either y-you or her n-not to f-fuc... er... have
sex, s-so I was h-hoping y-you would understand a-and w-would use
s-some protection s-since she won't."

	"Well my boy, that's a mighty tall order, especially for such a
fine piece of ass. Plus she told me that her getting knocked up
wasn't my problem.  She said that she's tell all the men she
fucks the same thing.  Apparently, she thinks that if you truly
love, you will willingly accept another man's baby into the
family and raise it as your own  as you've done already 8 times
so far. She even told me she's talked you in to granting all the
men that've inseminated her, waivers of immunity from any
paternity financial charges.

	Y-Yes she did.  S-She thought it was best so that w-we wouldn't
have any future custody issues.  A-And so far, none of the men
have not cooperated in giving up their paternal rights.  B-But
a-as I said s-sir, m-my wife has this condition, a-and I-I have
gone to-to great lengths to-to placate her.  B-But I-I b-beg
y-you to see m-my view point... a-and w-what e-effect this has on
a marriage a-and especially me.


	Yes, I can see your point, especially since you're such a pussy
whipped wimp in love with a wanton slut.  But I feel sorry for
you and will give it some thought.  However, for me to take your
proposal under consideration, I think I ought to get something in
return from you."

	"F-From me?"

	I tell you Journal, I was not prepared for what Mr. Jackson
proposed to me, but after he unzipped, lowered his trousers and
exposed his thick long length of cock, and big balls, I couldn't
deny he was serious.

	Before he would stop fucking my wife without a condom, he
proposed that I become his cocksucker and that I also let him
fuck me bareback, that is meat to meat, in my ass-pussy.  I
really didn't know what to think when he revealed that my wife
had told him that her dad had broke me in as his cocksucker and
that he was also fucking me too.

	I'm telling you Journal I was really caught off guard by this
unexpected revelation being known by Mr. Jackson, he's such a
brawny muscular handsome man in addition to having such
magnificent endowments between his legs.  And by now his penis,
partly as a result of him having placed my soft hands on it, had
become rigid and lengthened to it's full thick length.

	And even though he said that he wouldn't stop fucking Pearl
without a rubber, he would take it under consideration if I
sucked his dick on command, as well as be his on-call 'ass pussy
boy'.

	Well Journal, he told me if I truly loved my wife as much as I
claimed, then I would put my mouth on his dick, and take his dick
up my ass as well. "It's only fair, if you don't want me fucking
your slut wife raw, then it's only natural you should make up for
it.  Fair is fair you 'sweetie pie pussy boy'  she told that's
what her dad calls you.  I don't know what she sees in you, but I
have to admit, you do have some pretty lips and a nice shapely
ass, either of which I wouldn't mind fucking".  He told me in a
sincere tone.

	I should've been offended, but with what I've been through with
my wife and her dad, I could only blush at his words  both out
of embarrassment and also out of flattery.

	You see Journal, every since Pearl's dad coerced me into being a
male bitch and performing as a cock whore for him over the years
of my marriage to his daughter, I have been having problems
trying to deny to myself that I have come to enjoy being
complimented for my girlish or sissy attributes, as well as being
used as a receptacle for throbbing cocks, and a vessel for hot
spewed semen.

	Well Journal, I couldn't fault Mr. Jackson's logic and I agreed
to his terms.  They weren't what I was hoping for, but they were
the best I could negotiate from my weak position, from this tall
muscular stud.

	I went to my knees and right then and their gave him a good
sloppy blow job, and for my reward, swallowed what had to be at
least a half cup of hot thick gooey and creamy semen.  I'm
telling you, he really shot a heavy load which left a very warm
trail of heat down my gullet.  But I have to admit, it was very
satisfying sucking on his big cock head, meaty shaft and tasting
his abundant jism.

	He and I agreed on another time and place for me to let him fuck
my ass, since I would need and want to, prepare myself to be
fucked by him.  He told me that my blow job took the edge off for
him, but that he was use to coming three times during a normal
fuck session, as when he did my wife.

	I was in awe at his admission, and knew that when he and I got
together in the future, I had quite a fucking to look forward to.

	So journal, having secured a commitment from my wife's boss that
he would take my request under consideration - that is to use a
condom when he has sex with my wife in the future.  He was
emphatic that he was not saying when he would make his mind up,
and all I had to do in return was become his on-call cocksucker
and on-demand ass-pussy boy while he was trying to make up his
mind.

	Well Journal, it probably was the best deal I could negotiate
from my pussy whipped position of weakness.  But I have to say, I
did like sucking his big dick and I'm sure it will be as much fun
getting fucked up my ass too.  Plus there is always a certain
freakishness that comes from sucking and getting fucked by a dick
that is also fucking my wife.

	As you know Journal, I have similar negotiated agreements with 3
other studs that are fucking my wife unprotected.  As I have said
before on these pages, a cuckold has to do, what he has to do, to
protect his marriage and keep his dick magnet wife from getting
knocked up by every hard dick that she sees or sucks on.

	Plus with us already having 8 kids  all from my wife's affairs
with other men - I'm trying hard to keep from having to get a
third part time job to support and provide for our big and
possibly growing family.

###END###

