Kelly
By osiris

This is true so I'm posting it here rather than on the story site. I hope that's ok.


We are three twenty year old IT students who share a flat. There is Simon, Paul and me. We are all about 20. Paul is the only one of us who has a girlfriend. Simon and I are both virgins and the only time we had seen nude girls was in strip bars. Paul's girlfriend is called Kelly. She's quite attractive, the same age as him with pale skin and reddish blonde hair, 5ft 4 medium build or maybe just a little plump. We'd only met her a couple of times last winter, we both liked here but she was wearing jeans and winter clothes so we didn't get much chance to see her body. At the end of May we were having a good spell of weather and Paul asked Simon and I if we would like to go to Bournemouth for the day with him and Kelly. We agreed. When Kelly arrived she was wearing a lovely mid-thigh summer dress with sandals and no tights. Her legs were pale and slightly plump but lovely with the cutest little well manicured feet in her sandals. I thought to myself this is going to be a good day and it got better when we got on the train. Kelly was sitting opposite me with Paul next to her. When she sat down and crossed her legs her dress rode quite high exposing acres of milky white thigh and she seemed quite unconcerned. Also we were touching knees for quite a lot of the time and at times her bare knee or calf would touch my stategically placed hand. For quite a long period of time I had my hand on my knee and she had her legs crossed with her beautifully soft smooth calf pressed quite firmly against my hand. Occasionally Paul and she would mess around a bit tickling or pretend fighting and sometimes this would give me an extra feel of her leg and also I got a couple of brief glimpses of her pale blue knickers which was fantastic.

When we got to the beach it was very busy and we managed to find just enough space to put our towels down it was very crowded all around us. It was a mixed quite young crowd with a lot of families. I noticed there was the occasional topless girl around and I couldn't help wondering if there was a remote chance that we would get to see Kelly's boobs. I thought it was unlikely because even if she did go topless on holiday she probably wouldn't in front of us because it would be quite embarassing. Anyhow I didn't have to wait long after just a few minutes she lifted the dress over her head and they were - Kelly's boobs - all she was wearing under the dress was her pale blue knickers. Her boobs were amazing. Milky white again but just on the small size of average perhaps and wonderfully pert. I also couldn't believe that I had a full on view of the knickers I was straining for the smallest glimpse of on the train. Her knickers were just a little see through as well. She was sat on her towel and as she leant away from me to look in her bag I could definately see her bum crack through them. There was better to come though. Suddenly she slippled her knickers down and put on her bikini pants without bothering to cover up in between. She turned away from me a little more as she did it and so I got the most wonderful view of her slightly largish and very white bum. I was absolutely amazed - I've never seen anyone change openly like that on a busy beach. One or two of the people near us were surprised as well I think and some gave her some strange looks and I saw a young boy pointing and talking to his mum. After all that excitement she turned over to lie on her front to reveal that the bikini bottoms she was wearing was in fact a thong and so pretty much all of that wonderful bum was still on display. Then we had the treat of watching her put sum cream on herself. She did her boobs and front while she got Paul to do her back and bum. Amid all the excitement it didn't strike me till a few minutes later that whilst I'd just seen something wonderful I'd actually missed out on the chance to see Kelly's pussy. I was alongside her but in the process of changing and messing about in her bag she turned away from me just enough to make sure that I only got the back view. When I spoke to Simon afterwards I realised just how much I'd missed. He'd had a full on view because he was on the other side of her and just slightly in front. He told me she had a small amout of reddish blonde hair down there. It was well trimmed and her vagina was clearly visible particularly when she lifted up her knees taking off her knickers and putting on her bikini and he'd had the chance to see right in between her legs. I couldn't believe I'd missed out on that - so near and yet so far. Nevertheless I greatly enjoyed watching Kelly topless for the next couple of hours. She moved around quite a lot so there were plenty of opportunities to see her boobs bouncing dangling and all the rest and she stayed topless when she went for a swim in the sea too.

Moving onto the next encounter with Kelly. We'd all enjoyed that day out so in June we arranged to all go to a music festival together. When Kelly arrived on the day she looked exactly as I hoped she would. Her legs had been part of my dreams for a few weeks and here they were again - just as bare pale and white as before - this time she was wearing a t-shirt and denim skirt which if anything was a little shorter than the dress she wore the previous time and also she was wearing flip-flops which covered none of those cute little feet. We went on another train journey which was similar to the previous one but a little longer and even more enjoyable giving me plenty of opportunities to feel those wonderful legs and plenty of knicker flashes. At one point in her messing about she sat across me and Simon's laps giving me the opportunity to rest my hands on her bare thighs.

The first night at the festival was kind of a preliminary; the bands didn't start until the next night and so we were sat outside the tent drinking playing cards and chatting to some of the other people there. As we were sat on the grass, Kelly's knickers - this time they were dark blue - were on almost permenant display. In a short skirt sitting like that it would have been difficult for her not to show them but she didn't seem to care - even less so when she'd had a drink or two. I think that explained too why we were getting a disproportionate number of male visitors to come and join us for a drink and a chat.

Then we heard a loud cheer and as we wondering what was going on the explanation arrived in the form of two topless girls running past. We cheered and enjoyed the sight and went back to playing cards. We had two additional males with us at that stage making five guys and Kelly. Then suddenly Paul said to Kelly "Hey Kelly if those girls can go topless why don't you?" She blushed just a little and said "Yea I could do I spose if it seems to be ok." Paul said "Go for it." She did. Off came the t-shirt, off came the bra and I was re-united with her wonderful breasts. As they were exposed there were more cheers from guys in surrounding tents. It did look quite naughty her sitting there with her boobs out surrounded by five guys and she was blushing a little but you could tell she loved the attention. We got even more attention from other passing guys but she was sat upright sometimes standing sometimes standing breasts very much on show.

Later we all had to go to pee - Kelly stayed topless for the walk - on the way back we heard more cheers and this time a couple of guys streaked past us comepletely nude - Kelly joined in with the other girls cheering. They ran passed a couple of the security staff who seemed quite unconcerned. This time when we got back to the tent this time it was Kelly who said "Hey, Paul if those guys can go nude do you reckon it's ok if I do?" Paul said "Yeah Kelly - go for it." In an instant she'd taken her skirt off and whipped her knickers down and I got my first view of her pussy. It was exactly as Paul had described.



There is plenty more to tell and I will post more if any-one is interested. It included some public peeing by Kelly. Is it ok to post that here? If not I can just leave it out.


