CHAPTER 9: Near

The package was a surprise to Near. The videos, Mello's letter, all the evidence included in it. Taken together, it was just one step away from proving Light Yagami was Kira. All that was needed, was to let Light make one move on his own, and the case would probably be solved, just like that. It was so fast, perhaps too fast. Mello had a habit of impatience, a love of risks, and an inability to simply observe. Why did it have to be a hasty solution like this?

Near felt a kind of cold anger inside him when reading the letter. To think that Mello should die for such a thing, for a reputation that would be virtually unknown, for empty vengeance. L was already dead, and nothing could ever change that, and the dead could not appreciate revenge or reputations.

The dead knew nothing. Near was as sure of that as he was of anything. Nothing about any afterlife had ever been proven, nothing that couldn't be explained as the last fireworks of a dying brain. If an afterlife existed, then all the genius minds that had spent years upon years researching it would have produced better evidence. Therefore, it did not exist. Death was the true end of everything.

Just because some deaths could be produced by supernatural means, that did not prove anything about any afterlife.

Before Near had finished examining all the evidence, his subordinates were questioning him. He wasn't ready yet, so he kept hushing them and waving them away.

Watching the rape made him feel sick inside. His eyes kept drifting away from the screen, to the toy cars he was playing with. His play only drained off a little of the tension, but by the time he had finished with all the evidence he had managed to think enough to arrive at one small decision.

His head tilted down, eyes on the floor, he said, "Mello is a former associate of mine. I have tricked him into this course of action, though I did not think he would go quite this far."

Gevanni said, "And, Mello's letter? What did it mean?"

"Mello," Near said, "has a rather psychotic idea of his own importance. He likes to believe that he is proving himself better than me."

This way was best, to claim credit for Mello's work. Near knew he was not going to give Mello the glory he craved. That would be tantamount to giving a blessing to Mello's death, to approving of his suicidal plan.

Mello's death was an extremely uncomfortable proposition, an obvious error resulting from a hasty, impulsive mind. Near knew he could, if he wanted, sabotage Mello's plan. There were several ways to do so.

Near took the scrap of paper that had been removed from Light Yagami's watch and balanced it in the back of a red toy truck. Yes, there were several ways to ensure Mello's life would be at least prolonged, and perhaps saved altogether. The question was whether it would be worth it, to toss away excellent evidence. By Near's calculations, he had at least until Light Yagami arrived back in Japan to enact any sabotage, so it wasn't a decision that needed to be made yet.

Of course, Mello would be furious, but then Mello was always furious, so that did not matter one way or another.

It was not too long until a second rape video arrived, along with additional instructions. With that action, Mello had proven that, of the task force members, Light alone could be Kira. The others could not be willingly on Light's side.

Once again, Near felt that cold fury welling up inside him, at how far and how fast Mello had progressed, by taking such ridiculous risks. No, they were not even worth calling risks. Mello was simply throwing his life away.

That Mello should think throwing his life away was acceptable, that it was a superior kind of detective work, that was unthinkable. There was certainly something wrong with Mello. His priorities were not justified.

There was no such thing as justice, after all. There was only winning the game. If you lost your life, it could not count as a win, and Near would never give Mello that acknowledgment.

That terrible, childish, angry letter... it was working from entirely the wrong premise. It was sad and deluded, not noble, as Mello thought it was.

At the end of the video, as the screen flickered and then went blank, Halle said, "Mello has committed two rapes now. Are we going to let this continue?"

Near could hear the bitter, questioning tone in her voice.

Near replied, "Two rapes are of no importance when compared to Kira's numerous murders. So far, it has been the right decision to allow Mello to act without interfering. Besides, we did not have his location until very shortly before the second rape, so there was only a small chance of stopping that one, and from the information he has sent us I seriously doubt there will be a third rape."

The GPS blip showed on another screen, a big map of Los Angeles. Mello was on the move.

Gevanni said, "Are you sure Mello is stable enough to trust?"

Near shuffled uncomfortably on the floor and said, "It is an expression of Mello's lust for revenge. I suspected this before, but it is now clear that Mello will do anything to avenge L's death."

Halle said, "We need to be careful. If we don't interfere, he'll have one of the murder notebooks as soon as the hostages are exchanged for it. Or perhaps he won't have it, but his mafia underlings will, and who knows how far it might roam?"

"That is why," Near replied, "we need to plan our next move with great care. There are a number of choices. Knowing Mello's position, we could probably stage a sneak attack to capture him and his underlings, freeing the hostages in the process. We could also allow the hostage exchange to take place and then allow Kira to kill Mello and everyone with him, arresting Kira with absolute proof after that. Or we could contact Soichiro Yagami and warn the Japanese investigation team of Mello's trap. In that case, Kira would be left in a tight situation once he arrived home."

Rester said, "What would that accomplish? Wouldn't alerting them waste all of Mello's work?"

"Not necessarily," Near said, "it might allow us to set up a better trap for all the Kiras. The Japanese investigation team has arrested a suspect for the second Kira, yet the murders continue. This is obviously a situation that could use further study and preparation. Destroying one Kira might make the situation worse if we are not able to stop all Kiras at once."

Near stared and stared at the little, deadly scrap of paper. That was an additional option too: simply kill Light Yagami and sort out the other Kiras later. With the evidence so far, there was a better than ninety-nine percent chance that Light Yagami was Kira. Should Mello really be allowed to die in order to confirm that remaining less-than-one-percent chance?

It seemed like something L would do, to wait to be completely sure.

But Near knew he wasn't L, and that L wasn't watching him to make sure he adhered to all the rules.

A/N (Author's Note):

I wanted to show something from Near's perspective, what he thought and what he was doing.

I imagine that Near has strong feelings for Mello, but that since Near is far more emotionally cold and robot-like than even L, this means Near doesn't understand or acknowledge those emotions.