[This story is a work of fiction. All similarities are coincidental. 

Anyone under 18, please do not read further. Otherwise, enjoy.]

(C) Copyright 2008 M Saint




"Hurry, open the door!" Cried Gina. Her hands cupping herself as if it 

may help her to not gush urine all down her long legs. Gina stood at 

6'1", her hair black, eyes brown. Thin, but a nice build. Her black 

skirt blew lightly in the wind.

"Okay, it's open," Replied Brett. His shorter and stalky frame of 5'11" 

stood at the door. His hair in a mohawk, green, eyes bluish gray.

Gina made a dash for the restroom. The house was pitch black, and 

ominously quiet. Not that it was out of the norm for any empty house to 

be so, but it felt much different. Neither one paid much attention. 

Over the course of several hours, they both have shared numerous drinks 

which included beer, several shots of tequila, bourbon, rum, and mixed 

drinks all night long.

It was a dark night, and the full moon glow shined down on the earth 

leaving a bluish light out of the shadows. Before Brett took a step 

inside the front door, he glanced across the street towards a darkened 

side of a neighbors house. From where he stood, he thought he could see 

a silhoullette of someone facing him. He dismissed it as just a trick 

of the dark, and walked inside shutting the heavy door behind him.

Gina finished up in the restroom, and pulled up her panties before 

facing the mirror. Her makeup ran a bit, but otherwise didn't lose its 

perfection. The wind picked up outside, and the trees blew with each 

strong gust. The sounds of scratching began outside, but Gina figured 

it was the branches scratching the side of the house.

The bathroom door opened slightly, and there was a long pause. "Brett? 

Is that you?" She called out. Gina stood in place and waited for a 

reply. A few seconds passed, and Brett opened the door wide and began 

to sing and air guitar to a random punk tune.

"You fucking asshole!" She screamed at him, and shoved him out of the 

way as she headed for the bedroom.

"I'm sorry," he called out after her pacing slowly behind her.

Brett walked in behind Gina and closed the bedroom door behind them. 

Gina jumped onto the bed and unbuttoned her top. "How sorry are you?" 

She whispered seductively.

"Oh, I'm so so sorry," He muttered almost stuttering.

"Will you show me just how sorry you are?"

"Oh yes."

"Strip for me."

Brett paused, then in an awful attempt at dancing, he was stopped by 

Gina, as she pushed him back on the bed, and inched her way down to his 

shorts opening the belt. He moaned slightly. As Gina fully opened his 

shorts she pulled them down to his ankles and stared at his half hard 

erection. She brought her mouth down to it and breathed heavily on it 

with hot breath. He moaned some more.

"You like that?" she cooed. She unbuttoned her top all the way and 

dropped it to the floor. She slid her fingers into each side of her 

panties and inched them down off her hips until they were completely 

off of her body. "Do you want my pussy?"

Brett was left speechless at the site of her fully nude body pressing 

against him setting his dick off into a rock hard pulsing frenzy. 

Precum oozed a drop from the head and Gina took the tip of her tongue 

and licked it off making Brett's cock twitch in anticipation.

"Did you like that?" She asked Brett, and paused to hear what he would 

say. He didn't speak, but only smiled heavily and closed his eyes.

She opened her mouth wide and took in his cock moving her tongue around 

as she sucked him off. She kept a steady rhythm, and sucked his head 

while she cupped and massaged his balls.

"Oh yeah. Suck me hard."

Gina ralaxed her jaw and opened her throat deep to receive the whole 

shaft as she deep throated his dick and pumped it hard as she blew him 

well and jerked him off waiting for him to explode in her mouth. She 

continued wildly and sucked more and more moving her tongue and mouth 

up and down and around, until he squeezed the sheets tight and released 

a hot thick load into her gaping mouth. It shot hard and she almost 

gagged on it, but took it in and swallowed every last drop.

"Delicious," she said licking her lips. "Now eat my pussy you dirty 

bastard," She commanded.

Brett rolled her over and relaxed in between her thighs. Spreading her 

lips, he wiggled his tongue and pushed deep into her hole licking up 

her juices. She ran her fingers through his hair, mashing his face into 

her wet cunt. Her other hand fingered her clit, and she came hard. 

Brett licked her clean and continued sucking her pussy. He stuck a few 

fingers in her and jacked her pussy off while his tongue rotated, 

wiggled, and pressed deep into her. She screamed loud as she received 

several orgasms back to back.

"Suck my pussy. Suck me you fuckin bastard."

Her last orgasm forced its way out so hard, she arched her back, dug 

her finger nails into Brett, and squeezed her thighs to almost cut off 

his circulation.

"Oh God, I can go for a joint," she said as she breathed heavily trying 

to catch her breath.

"Yeah, sounds like a plan," Brett responded regaining composure. He 

reached for his box. As he opened it, he pulled out a small baggie 

filled with a few large nuggets and some good shake. "Oh fuck, no 

papers."

"You got a bowl?" She suggested.

"Hell yeah I do." He answered. He reached for it, pulled it out and 

filled the bowl with shake.

"Light it up," she said licking her lips both from anticipation and the 

taste of cum lingering sweetly on her lips.

Brett lit up the bowl and inhaled deeply filling his mouth with pot. He 

held it, then released feeling ready to ckoke, but did his best not to.

Gina grabbed it from him, and clicked the lighter making sure it was 

still lit. Brett grabbed his dick and jerked himself hard again. While 

Gina took slow hits from the pipe, he leaned over laying her back and 

pushed his cock in deep. She hardly flinched as he pumped her slow but 

steadily. She continued to take slow hits.

"Oh shit," she muttered. "Time for a refill." Brett didn't pay 

attention to her. He fucked her wet sticky cunt harder and harder. She 

reached in the box, and grabbed the bag of shake. She took it and 

filled up the bowl. It filled to the top. She lit up again and took 

constant, but slow hits. Brett sucked on her nipples and licked on her 

neck as his dick slipped inside and out making her pussy more wet and 

hot. Every dirty word he could think of escaped his mouth as he flipped 

her over, grabbed her hips and shoved himself deep into her hole from 

behind her. She moaned louder and louder now as he plowed, pulled her 

hair and screamed at her fucking her and pushing every inch of himself 

inside her.

Gina took another hit, as she did her best to keep herself held up. 

"Cum in me. Cum deep in my pussy." She planted her head into the 

pillow, then leaned up to take another hit.

Brett pounded hard into her, let out a loud scream and shot a thick, 

powerful load into her sloppy dripping cunthole. He stayed inside her, 

and Gina giggled a bit.

"Good for you?" She asked, then took another hit emptying the bowl 

completely. "I'm so fuckin blown."

They both lay back and passed out next to eacother naked. Ginas hand 

rest wrapped around Bretts cock and occasionally she would jerk it for 

a slight second. Then, it became completely quiet again.

Outside the house, the scratching returned. Moans of a darker kind were 

present as well. Brett kissed Gina's forehead, then got up to go to the 

restroom. He entered the bathroom, and stood over the toilet to take a 

piss. He heard a noise outside the house, but thought, "Neh," and 

continued. After he finished he stopped to look at himself in the 

mirror. He flexxed his chest, and out of the corner of his eye, a 

shadow moved past the window. Naked, and fearless, he headed for the 

backdoor and opened it, ready to let whoever it was have a piece of his 

fist. Nobody was there. As he began to turn around to head back inside, 

he was attacked sending him backwards onto the ground staring into the 

deep hollowed eyes of the dead. He tried to scream, but the creature 

thrust Brett's head into the ground and bit into his throat. Blood 

began to gush, and he twitched and tried to add pressure to his wound. 

It was too deep to keep in control.

Moans began to sound in the background. Brett lay on the ground unable 

to move, and as he took his last breath, his grip let go of his killer. 

Two more zombies came out of the darkness to feast on his flesh. His 

bloody, naked body ripped apart and plated on the cold earth strung 

about as a feast for the dead. His eyes lost.

Gina opened her eyes and moved her hand to touch Brett and cuddle next 

to him. He wasn't there, so Gina got up to check on him. Her head 

spinning, and her body shivering. She grabbed a robe, and put it on. 

Her cold nipples poking at the robe tenting it a little. She moved 

toward the restroom, and seen he wasn't in there. Moving towards the 

kitchen, the lights remained out. The back door slightly ajar added 

concern, and she walked slowly towards it opening it up and looking 

around outside to see what was going on. She looked down around the 

ground. There was nothing. Not Brett's body was no longer there. She 

looked up as she heard a noise coming from behind the garage.

"Brett? Do you need some help?" She asked calling for him.

As she called his name again, Brett's head dropped to the ground, 

exposing it's bloody skin and flesh. Gina screamed and turned to 

reenter the back door, but a moaning dark figure neared her preventing 

her from going back. She ran around the house, and down the block 

screaming for help. Screams were faintly heard in the background, and 

figures in the darkness looked on towards her. As she ran further down 

the street. she tripped and fell to the ground banging the side of her 

head. Gina was knocked out.



---------------------------Waking Up---------------------------



Gina woke up to gunshots. She lay on a couch as a woman, along with her 

little girl looked over her to make sure she was alright. Looking 

around, she noticed the house was dimly lit, the windows and door 

boarded up tight and a boy, maybe 16 or so, enter the room. His rifle 

propped on his shoulder, and a pistol held in the front of his pants.

"Are you okay?" He asked Gina.

"I think so." She answered, rubbing her head.

"My name is Jason." He introduced himself.

"I'm Betty." The woman said. "This here is my step-daughter, Natalie." 

She continued.

"Hey." Gina said. "How are you?" She tried reaching for the girls hand.

Natalie held tighter to her step-mother.

"She's just scared. We're all scared. I don't know what's happening." 

Betty spoke, beginning to cry.

"We'll be fine." Jason assured. The other three were too frightened to 

believe it.

Screams and groans were growing louder outside, and Jason held his 

rifle as he walked towards the front. He opened a small hole in the 

front of the house, and poked his rifle out taking a shot at something 

as screams were heard. Another blast, then silence. Another shot, and a 

loud pop was heard as it hit its target.

"Blew its fucking head right off!" Jason yelled in victory.

Natalie held onto Betty even tighter.

Jason spit to the floor, and closed the hole. He set the gun next to 

the wall, and walked towards Gina. "So, how about a little kiss for 

your savior?" he asked, staring sharply into her eyes.

"What?" She returned, in a serious tone.

"I am your rescuer, and I think I deserve something in return." He 

said, cracking his knuckles. "Or I could throw you right back out 

there."

"You got to be kidding me?" She said nervously.

Jason grabbed her by her robe opening it up revealing her tall naked 

frame. Gina smacked him in the face and he threw her onto the floor. "I 

guess it's out to the wolves, darlin'" He hissed, grabbing her around 

the throat.

Natalie screamed and Jason went to backhand her. He almost made contact 

when Gina screamed, "Okay! I'll do it. Okay."

Jason grabbed her again and drug her into the next room. He stood her 

up and pressed hard into her taking her robe completely off. He grabbed 

the pistol, and pointed it towards her head as he unfastened his belt, 

and dropped his pants.

Gina grabbed hold of his penis and jerked him off. He moaned a little 

and stared into her eyes.

"Want me to blow you?" she said sounding horny, convincing Jason.

"No. No, I don't want you biting it off." He answered. He was about to 

stick it inside her, when a scream outside turned his head around. Gina 

kneed him in the groin sending him down hard to the floor.

"Fuck!" he screamed out.

Gina ran towards the back of the house, unlocked and opened the door 

for escape.

Jason recollected himself and ran towards the back. Seeing the door was 

open, he walked out looking fast and hard in all directions. As he 

stood there holding his pistol out to shoot on sight, the door behind 

him slammed shut. The sounds of locks were heard. Jason ran towards the 

door, and banged on it.

On the other side of the door Gina stood and backed away before turning 

around towards the front room. She watched Natalie cry and squeeze 

Betty harder, too frightened to look up.

Gunshots were heard blasting away out the back, and screams rang as 

Jason became victim to the ravenous flesh eating creatures.

Holding herself to cover her nudity, Gina asked, "Do you live here?"

"No. We ran here trying to find shelter." Betty said scared, but 

calming herself.

Gina looked around.

"I don't know if this was his house either. This place doesn't look 

right for him. It's a family home, and I haven't seen any pictures with 

his face on them." Betty said, as she thought more.

"Stay here. I'm going to check upstairs." Gina told Betty. She headed 

towards the stairs and slowly walked up them keeping her eye on 

everything, and anything. A light glowed from underneath a door. Gina 

walked towards it, and opened it up. Slowly the door creaked open and 

in the center of the room, a corpse lay tied to the bed.

"Grotesque." Gina thought.

The body of a woman, maybe early twenties lay decaying, mouth hanging 

open and eyes rolled back into her skull. There were no clothes left to 

cover the body. Gina pulled the sheet that almost hung completely off 

the bed over her, covering her dead frame in respect.

As Gina turned towards the closet to search for clothing to cover her 

own body, a thud was heard from just inside it. Scratching and groans 

began. Gina turned around towards the door. As she walked through, she 

shut the door. She walked down the stairs to meet once again Betty and 

Natalie.

Betty asked, "Everything okay? Did you find any clothes?"

"Dumb question." Gina thought. "No. Can I have your shirt?" She asked, 

extending her hand.

Betty sat up, as Natalie let go her grip around her waist, and pulled 

her shirt from over her head. Her breast filling her large bra. Betty's 

body wasn't large, but fit. Her breast were just big enough for her 

body to hold.

Gina grabbed hold of the shirt and put it on. It slid down her body and 

felt soft to her skin. The length just reached the middle of her hips 

and didn't cover much of her vagina. Even though it didn't, Gina 

thanked her.

"You're welcome." Betty answered.

"We have to go." Gina proposed. "We have to get out of here and go 

somewhere a little more safe."

"Okay." Betty acknowledged.

"I'm scared." Natalie whispered to Betty.

"It's gonna be alright." Betty said, assuring her that she'd be taken 

care of.

"Okay, I think that the back is the only exit here. Everywhere else 

seems to be boarded up pretty good." Gina said, as she grabbed a poker 

by an unuseable fireplace.

Natalie let go of Betty. "I can be tough." She said.

"I believe you can be." Gina answered, filling Natalie with courage.

"Okay. Time to go." Gina led the troop towards the back, and as they 

got to the door, Gina peered through a crack in the boards at the 

window. No sign of movement. She opened the door slowly, and they 

hurried out scared, but trying to be brave. They moved out the back, 

and around the house. Moans were heard in the distance, but not too 

close.

"okay, it all seems clear." Gina called. A zombie stepped out from the 

shadows, and lunged toward Gina. Natalie screamed. It was Jason. His 

eyes gray, and face bitten into as blood dripped from an open wound. 

His arms extended and grabbed at Gina. As Jason's corpse continued to 

swing and claw at her, Gina swung the iron poker and crushed his skull 

in, leaving a coagulated spurt of blood dribble slow out the side of 

his brains.

"Oh fuck!" Betty shouted. Natalie's mouth hung open and eyes wide as 

she witnessed the dark event.

Gina took a deep breath and said, "Okay, let's go."

The streets were lit up by the streetlights lined down the way. Gina 

began to run, with her breasts bouncing underneath the shirt given by 

Betty. Betty's breasts were bouncing hard causing her to breath heavier 

to catch a breath. Natalie ran with ease, but being younger, had a 

harder time catching a good breath.

"Over there!" Gina pointed. "The car is running." The three ran towards 

the powered vehicle as Gina peered inside to make sure nobody was 

present. Surprisingly, no one existed, and the three entered the car as 

fast as they could.



---------------------------5 Miles Away-----------------------------



In an RV, parked in a deserted lot, a couple lay fucking in their bed.

"Uh, uh, keep going David." The woman moaned.

David held the woman's waist from behind, and penetrated her pussy with 

his 9 1/2 inch cock. "Harder?" he asked.

"Oh God yeah. Fuck me harder!" she moaned.

David, being in his early twenties, had stamina, and his cock filled 

his forty three year old sex partner whole making her shake and cum 

fast, and cry out in lust for more.

"Just like that! More." She cried.

"Oh, Mrs. Tabernacle," He moaned.

"Miranda! Call me miranda!" She cried, as David's pulsating cock filled 

her hole making her cum again dripping down his shaft.

Miranda Tabernacle was a woman that lived next door to him for years. 

After the chaos, David took the chance to finally get her into bed.

Miranda wanted the same. Now that her husband was dead, she had her 

chance, and slipped down to take David's cock into her mouth. She 

opened her mouth and bobbed up and down, slipping the skin in and out 

as she tasted the juices she left behind. She loved her taste, and it 

made her suck harder on him making his body shake.

As she continued her blowjob, David wrapped both hands around the back 

of her head. He pulled on her head as she stroked his cock with her 

mouth, building pressure in his balls. He moaned louder. "I'm gonna 

cum." He cried.

"Cum in my mouth." Miranda said, continuing to suck him hard.

As She kept her lips wrapped around his shaft, tasting the flesh with 

her tongue, David gripped the back of her neck, and shot streams of cum 

down her throat. She could hardly contain it all, and some dribbledfrom 

the side of her mouth. She popped his cock out of her mouth, still 

holding it, and licked her lips to collect every ounce of semen he left 

behind.

"Fuck me again, baby." She whispered.

David became hard again and plunged his long love stick inside 

Miranda's super wet hole filling her with joy at each stroke. David 

pumped her fast and hard taking deep, steady breath's and keeping a 

good pace. 
Miranda's body shuddered as she came. As David thrust harder, Miranda 

came again.

"You like it when I fuck your pussy, baby? You like my big hard dick 

filling you up and making you cum?" He said, talking dirty as he banged 

her cunt with might.

"Yeah, baby. Fill me up. Fill my pussy, baby. Fuck me harder." She 

begged.

David popped his dick out of her waiting hole, and pushed it next to 

her to tease. She moaned, and he slid it back inside her making the 

feeling so unbearable she came hard and bit his lower lip with ecstacy.

He continued thrusting and beating up her cunt lips as she begged and 

moaned for him to do it harder. He rammed her pussy hard hitting her 

clit through the skin and made her cum again.

"I'm gonna cum again." He said and she held onto his hips to let him 

shoot his load inside her. His semen ejaculated hitting the walls and 

dripping both down inside her, and out of her down her buttocks and 

onto the sheets.

"Oh my God!" she cried. "Even my husband couldn't fuck me like you 

did!"

David lay back with a smile on his face. He finally fucked his long 

time crush.

As they lay next to eachother, the outside filled with the moans and 

screams of the dead. David got up, put on clothes and hurried to the 

wheel of the big vehicle. He started it up, and put it into gear as he 

made way towards the nearest road.



--------------------------Down The Highway--------------------------



Gina and company drove down the highway, noticing the emptiness 

surrounding them. No cars in sight. Natalie lay asleep in the back 

seat, and Betty wasn't too far off as Gina continued to drive. The 

windows reamined up so as not to let in the cold breeze, and also no 

intruders.

The road seemed to get darker in some points. Gina would drive along, 

be in light for a few seconds, then near darkness the next few seconds. 

Bodies were sprawled out in the road. Blood splattered everywhere as 

the corpses remained still. Gina stopped the car, and looked quickly 

around the way to see how she would make her way past. As she looked, a 

zombie screamed towards her. Her foot slammed the gas pedal, and the 

car sped off leaving it behind.

Betty and Natalie woke up to screeching tires and screams. Gina looked 

into the rear view mirror to see the two shaking. Her eyes adjusted 

further back and seen the same zombie slowly pulling itself up onto the 

back of the trunk. Gina kept her speed, and tried to figure out a way 

to get rid of it without seriously injuring either one of themselves.

Gina had a plan. "Okay you two. I'm going to toss it off the side, but 

it requires me to slam on my brakes. I'm gonna spin out and I know it 

sounds dangerous, but you have to trust me." She finished.

"Do it!" Betty screamed, watching the zombie close in on them. She held 

Natalie tight as Gina grabbed the wheel, jerked to the side as she hit 

the brakes. The car spun around almost completely as the corpse lost 

its grip, flying off the side and crashing to the ground. Its skull 

smashed in, as dark chunks oozed from the open wound. Gina tapped the 

gas and let loose the brakes sliding now into the spin, then 

straightening the car out towards the same direction they were heading. 

Without a seconds hesitation, they peeled out and were on their way.

"Oh shit!" Natalie screamed.

"Natalie!" Betty laughed. "It's alright, honey." She continued.

Gina drove down the road stopping slowly and looking around as they 

entered an open lot at K-Mart's. The car came to a halt, as the car 

putted. The car died, making the three feel uneasy. Gina looked in the 

dash to see the gas gauge at empty. Exiting the vehicle, she looked 

under the car to see the last remaining drops empty from the fuel line.

"Oh, fuck!" Gina said, angered. "Just fucking great."

"What is it?" Betty asked.

"We're definitely going to have to get inside." She said, pointing to 

the building with the large K on the front above the doors.

"Sigh," Betty exhaled. "Okay, honey, we're going to go inside." She 

talked to Natalie.

"Okay," Natalie answered, not feeling so much scared as before.

Gina walked quickly, but slow enough for the others to catch up. The 

lot stay lit up by the lights shining from atop the large poles. The 

inside of the building remained lit up as well. Not a person in sight. 

They walked to the front doors, and pulled slowly on them.



-------------------------Two Lovers Inside-------------------------



Locked inside the women's restroom, a young couple were spending 

perhaps, their last bit of time together. Thier bodies almost 

completely naked except for shoes to keep their feet clean from the 

disgusting floor. Their clothes draped over the sink, and against 

another, the girl leaned back, moaning in pleasure. The man penetrating 

her vagina with his very erect penis. The sink shook hard as if to 

break away from its position on the wall. The young man thrust deep 

into her slippery hole, filling her deep and causing her to convulse as 

her body gave way to multiple orgasms.

"I love you, Thomas," The girl said, shaking and moaning as her vaginal 

orifice was willingly violated.

Thomas kept going, kissing the girl on her mouth, and tasting her 

saliva.

What they both knew and understood, was that the girl had been bitten 

on her arm. The wound darkening, and her body increasingly growing 

cold, they were spending their last bit of life making love.

"Tanya, I love you too!" Thomas cried to her, holding her close as he 

filled her cunt with his cock. Her cries were deepening, and tears 

slowly stopped falling. Thomas still held her close, closing his eyes 

as his thick member let loose a powerful shot of semen. Her waiting 

hole filling up, and then dribbling out its entire contents.

Thomas looked down as her muscles loosened, and he noticed his cum 

dribbling out. As he looked up to his beloved, Tanya, her eyes were now 

white. The outside walls were almost bloodshot, and she stared blankly 

at Thomas. As Thomas had thoughts of changing his mind, and leaving his 

place in the restroom, Tanya's corpse had other plans as she lunged for 

him, grappling his back. Thomas screamed.



---------------------------Breaking In?-----------------------------



Gina and company pulled on the doors. They were locked. As they tried 

to think of how they were going to enter, Natalie pulled on a door at 

the end, and it fell open.

"Here!" Natalie yelled.

Gina and Betty ran to her, and quickly entered the building, making 

sure that the door was locked behind them this time.

Walking into the next set of doors, they looked around into the 

semi-large sized inside. Lights were on, and the place seemed to be 

untrashed. It was a relief to them, but there seemed to be an 

uncomfortable silence to it all. They moved slowly in, and Gina led the 

way to the ladies department. Betty grabbed a shirt and put it on to 

cover her hanging breasts. The shirt was thin, and they pressed against 

the cotton. Betty stared at herself and pulled on her tits feeling sexy 

as she looked back up and stopped. She giggled. "Sorry." She said, 

feeling slightly embarassed.

"It's okay," Gina answered.

Gina grabbed herself a pair of black pants, a small form fitting shirt, 

and a pair of black shoes. She looked in the mirror by the shoes at her 

own figure. Comfortable, sexy, and perfect for moving about.

Natalie giggled a bit, then Betty joined in. Gina couldn't help but do 

the same.

"I have to go to the potty, mommy" Natalie chimed in.

"Okay kiddo," Betty responded, pulling her hand towards the back where 

the big restroom sign hung.

Gina stepped over to the Sporting Department. While K-Mart never had 

much to offer in sporting equipment and hunting gear, they certainly 

had enough there to use. Gina did not hesitate to grab a belt, and 

pouch. She hooked it around her waist, and grabbed a shotgun from 

behind the counter. As she did so, she looked down to see an officer 

dead. His large body still, and a bullet wound was visible entering 

from under his chin to the top of his head. An apparent suicide. The 

handgun still in his hand, and two clips on his belt. Gina reached down 

to grab it, nervous that he might waken to bite her. His body lay 

still. He was dead, as the bullet must have obliterated his brain.

As Gina grabbed hold of the gun, she checked the clip, and slid it back 

in. Full minus one round. She fitted it in her belt, and stuck the 

clips in the bag. Hurriedly, she snatched a few boxes of shells for the 

shotgun, and stuffed them into the pouch. She reached over to grab a 

second bag to fit more in.

As she was looking around for anything else that may be useful, her 

ears perked as Natalie's screams filled the store. Gina ran towards the 

back. As she made her way to the restrooms, she noticed a zombie 

attacking Betty, and biting into her breast. Betty bounced back against 

the wall as a second zombie grabbed her at the side, pulling her head 

towards it and ripping open her throat. Blood poured as Betty fell to 

the ground. Gina pulled the pistol out of her belt, and unloaded a 

round in the male zombies brains. She aimed again and blew the female 

zombies head clean off. Pieces of brain and blood ran down the wall. 

Betty fought to breathe, but blood filled her lungs and oxygen never 

made it through. Her body slumped over and she died.

Gina yanked on Natalies arm and held her tight, but hurried towards the 

front of the building to make an escape. Gina and natalie looked out 

towards the lot, and their eyes opened wide. Hordes of the undead were 

inching their way to them, moaning and screaming. As Gina loaded the 

shotgun and pumped it, she watched as a big RV came from the left and 

smashed into a small groups of zombies.

"Die again, you fuckers!" A younger man screamed at the dead.

"Hurry! Get inside!" An older woman yelled, beckoning the two to enter.

Gina pulled Natalie inside, and quickly sat down on the small couch. 

Iron bars were welded to the windows, and a large lock fit the door, 

holding it in place.

The man noticed Gina looking at them and said, "It was my dad's RV. He 

was a crazy ass kind of guy. Always thought that the dead would come 

back to get him." He continued. "we always thought he was a schizo or 

something. Turns out the mother fucker was right." He rambled on.

"I'm Miranda," The older woman introduced herself. "That there is 

David."

"Thank you," Gina spoke, holding Natalie tight.

As the RV drove on, Natalie began to cry. Gina comforted her and 

stroked her hair. Her sobs lightened and she eventually fell into a 

deep sleep.

"Well, she must have been really tired," Miranda said, handing Gina a 

cup of instant coffee. "I had to heat it up in the microwave."

"Oh, it's okay." Gina thanked her, taking a sip.

David smiled at their reflections in the mirror. The RV pressed on, 

heading for the next town.

Miranda turned on the television and most of the stations were static, 

or the Emergency Broadcast System. One channel though had a 

pre-recorded feed. The man behind the news desk looked into the camera, 

and spoke to the general public.

"Some time ago, we had gotten word about strange occurrances happening 

in this city, and all surrounding areas. reports of zombies devouring 

the flesh of victims have rapidly developed, and in return, their 

victims rose and killed in the same manner. We strongly advise anyone 

out there to lock their doors. Stay on higher ground, and avoid all 

contact with these zombies. If anyone does indeed find themselves face 

to face with the dead, run, and if necessary, use blunt force to the 

head. Decapitation, crushing the brain, or shooting them directly into 

their head will put them down permanently. Do not attempt to rescue or 

help any of your loved ones." He announced.

As Gina and Miranda watched this, David slammed on his brakes.

"What the hell?" Miranda blurted, as she turned around to the front.

"Look," is all David said. Shining in the headlights was two army 

stationed jeeps. A small barricade was set in front of the bridge. A 

small crwew of men stood firm in the front and looked inside the 

vehicle.

"Yes!" David screamed. "We're safe."

Miranda grabbed his arm as David opened the door. Stepping out he began 

to make his way towards the group. The men greeted David and Miranda as 

they approached. Gina and Natalie felt unsure of their surroundings.

"I need you to wait here, Natalie." Gina told her.

"No, don't go," Natalie cried. "I don't want you to leave me, please."

"I promise I will be right back," She whispered. "I'll be right 

outside. You can see me standing right there." She assured Natalie.

"Hurry back, Gina." Natalie said, scared.

"Lock this door behind me." Gina said, as she stepped outside and shut 

the door. Natalie locked it and stepped back, sitting back down on the 

small couch.

Gina walked over to the men. They were all dressed in Army fatigue, and 

loaded top to bottom with military grade weaponry. Gunshots were heard 

in the distance, and small explosions sprang from different areas.

Out of the darkness, a group of zombies moved in. Shots were fired as 

the military men blasted through over a dozen bodies, tearing off limbs 

and shattering the skulls of their opponents.

As they continued unloading round after round, Gina ran to the RV. She 

banged on the door for almost 10 seconds, then click, and the door 

swung open. Natalie stood in front of Gina with eyes open wide. Gina 

jumped inside and locked the door. Outside, the group of the dead were 

growing and mauled everything in sight. David crawled across the 

ground, pulling helplessly with his torn hand. Miranda's body was 

ripped to pieces, and was being eaten away by the undead.

Gina checked the lock on the door twice, and jumped into the front 

seat. No keys in the ignition.

"Oh fuck!" Gina screamed. As she looked ahead toward the front of the 

RV, there they lay. twenty or so feet from a group of the cannibalistic 

creatures. Gina ran to the door, drawing the pistol from her belt. She 

held it up, and unlocked the door. As she opened it, she made a dash 

for the keys.Natalie shut the door and locked it again. As Gina 

snatched the keys from the ground, she was noticed. Making haste, she 

ran back to the big vehicle shooting at the heads of her enemies. Once 

to the door, it was opened by Natalie. Again, Gina locked it behind her 

and wasted no time starting the RV up. She backed it up, and right 

turned to the opposite direction. Her mind was set.

"Let's get as far away from here as possible." Gina said, feeling a 

small weight lift from her shoulders.

As Natalie sat in the next seat by Gina, she fastened her seat belt 

tight. They were heading for somewhere safe, if there was such a place 

through all the chaos. The sun began to rise, as they made their way to 

 their next destination.



[END]