The club noise rang out into the street as they approached it. 
The line at the door was caused Trish to wrinkle her nose.  Her
hand moved to smooth at her skirt.  She pushed a few wrinkles
out, knowing subconsciously the denim wouldn't make a big
difference anyway.

"Bryan, I don't think we're getting in.  We should have called,"
she stated as turned her head to look at him.  A small crease of
worry on her forehead.

"Don't worry, babes. We'll get in.  You've got to trust me," he
smiled and kissed her forehead.  "I know people, and we'll get
in."

She nodded resolutely.  She waited patiently for him to help Lara
out of the truck before reaching his hand in for her.  She set
her small hand in his, squeezing his for a moment before hopping
out of the truck.  She stumbled slightly on the four inch heels.
His hand reaching the small of her back to steady her. "You
okay?, " he asked in her ear.  "Yea, I'm fine, four inches and
jumping out of a truck is not a great combination," she said as
she grinned back up at him.

"Lara, you look so amazing tonight," Trish said as she reached
her hand up to adjust the collar of Lara's shirt.  The simple
outfit Lara had chose was perfect for her body.  The cream
colored shirt hugged her form, flaring a tad over her hips.  The
pretty denim skirt cut just above the knee and showed off the
great legs and the curvaceous ass.  Lara's low heels capped the
outfit with perfection, giving her a put-together sexy look,
topped off with a pretty ponytail swaying down her back.

Bryan tucked himself between them, kissing each cheek in turn. 
"You both look amazing, now let's go in and have some fun."  His
hand slipped into the crook of their arms and his head titled
slightly.  His smiled widened, causing Trish to tuck her head
into her chest for a moment and grin to herself.  She knew he
loved having the two girls he actually enjoyed spending time with
together with him, especially escorting them into a club.  She
loved that he loved it, and he gave her a gentle tap on the butt
to let her know he saw the grin.

He laughed and slid them to the front of the line.  Trish
nervously did a mental note of her outfit.  She hoped the easy to
wear denim flare skirt and red tank top were going to be dressy
enough.  Her four inch heels were going to kill her by later
tonight, but she knew they added a bit of flare to the outfit.  
Her hair layered in neat curls framing her face.  The simple
jewelry of silver and rubies topped off the outfit, adding an
elegant feel to the whole ensemble.  She turned nervously to
watch Bryan at the door.  Her face dropped in relief as he shook
the hand of the bouncer and she grabbed Lara's arm. "Come on,
Lara, we're in."

"How did you do it, Bryan, tell me," Trish leaned into him as
they made their way through the bar.  Her hand held Lara's so she
could stick with her and Bryan.  He laughed at her, "Babes, I've
got connections."  She refrained from rolling her eyes at him as
they made their way to a small 'reserved' table in the back of
the club. Her smile widened even more, she stood shaking her head
at him.  Bryan never ceased to amaze her at one thing or another,
and it was a trait she knew she would always appreciate.

Bryan slid to the back of the booth.  Lara wiggled over to his
left and Trish went to his right side.  His arms tucked behind
both of them as the waitress approached.  "What can I get you
tonight?," she queried the happy trio.

Trish leaned up and whispered into Bryan's ear, biting her lip
for a moment, hoping he would acquiesce.  His dark eyes looked
down into the blue eyes, and he nodded and grinned. Trish turned
to the waitress, her voice ringing happily, "Margaritas all the
way around.  Make them the blue curacao, and can you just bring
the pitcher?!"  Lara busted out laughing.  She had never heard
someone be so merry when ordering a pitcher of margaritas.

"I know, I'm a completely dork.  But, I love their margaritas,
and he never lets me order the pitcher when we are here!!," she
explained, her face sheepish.  Lara's hand reached over Bryan's
legs a gave Trish's knee a reassuring squeeze.  "It's okay, I
like that you are a total dork," she said smiling at her.

The waitress brought the pitcher of blue margaritas to them
shortly after.  The pretty drink splashed into their glasses. 
Trish practically wiggled with delight as the first drops of the
margarita hit her tongue.  Lara's eyes widened, the liquor strong
on the first taste.  She coughed and then giggled.  Bryan's hand
came down and brushed Lara's hair from her neck.  His fingers
massaging lightly down her back for a moment.  Lara shivered as
the tingle went down her spine.  She smiled to herself knowing
the fun for the night had just begun.

Three margaritas later, the laughter at the table was still
erupting.   Trish gave herself a shake, the liquor making her
head buzz.  She leaned her head on Bryan's shoulder, closing her
eyes for a minute.  "I think I need to slow down, Bryan. You know
I'm completely loose when we start to drink."  Her hand slid down
his leg squeezing the hard thigh muscle.  Her nipples perked
involuntarily through the tank top, her top teeth biting into her
lower lip as she slip her leg over his.  She nuzzled into his
neck, her hand sliding up his chest.

Lara's head buzzed as well, her fingers reaching to stroke at
Bryan's other leg.  She wrapped the calf of her leg around his
under the table.  She splayed her fingers on his thighs, stroking
softly.  Her breath in soft whisps across her red lips.  Her eyes
fluttered open as he leaned and spoke to her, "Lara, take off
your panties. Now."  The intake of her breath was audible, Trish
opened her eyes and peeked over at Lara.  Bryan's mouth was now
next to Trish's, switching to a more subtle tone, the one she was
more familiar.  "Trish. Take off the panties. Now."

Trish's face squirmed into him.  She tried to press her whole
body into him. The sharp twang of need already starting to
descend into the pit of her stomach.  His fingers reached down,
gripping at the flesh of her skin.  He opened her legs to him. 
His fingers slipped down to the top of her panties.  He slippped
one finger just into the band and rubbed, teasing her.  She let
out a soft moan.  She leaned back into the booth.  Scooting
forward a bit, she looked around the bar to see if anyone was
looking at them.  The place was packed all around them. She let
her head rock to the side as she gnawed on her lower lip, her
eyes beseeching him for a reprieve.  He watched her curiously
before his hand slipped to her neck, then gripped her curls. He
subtley twisted his grip causing her to gasp out, "Bryan,
please." He twisted again, not speaking, his intent perfectly
directed through the tug in her hair.  She took a deep breath and
slipped her hands under her skirt.  Her fingers hooked the top of
her panties.  She lifted her ass off the seat for a second
sliding them over the curve.  She got them halfway down to her
knees.  She shimmied in the seat moving them down to her feet. 
She looked around again as she moved her calves together to slide
them to her feet.  She swiftly reached down and picked them up. 
Her skin turned crimson as she tucked them into the purse next to
her.  Trish's faced tucked into her chest taking some deep
breaths before glancing up at him.  She turned even redder as his
gaze intensified on her face.  His finger crawled over her thigh
muscle then slipped up her slit.  Trish whimpered as he touched
her.  Bryan rubbed the wet pussy smiling as he watched her squirm
against his fingers.  "Always a good girl, huh, Trish," he
whispered at her.

Lara's eyes were the size of saucers as she watched the interplay
between the two.  She almost gulped as his gaze turned towards
her.  Her heart sank in her chest as he turned to her, "I'm
waiting for your panties, Lara."  Lara's fingers balled into
fists, the thoughts in her head were jumbled and twisting... no I
can't do that, I can't do this, we're in public, I want to, god I
hate him.  The words all tangled together even as her hands
slipped down to the waist band of her thong.  Her hips lifted
possibly too much as the gaze of one of the men at the bar fell
on her.  She licked at her lips before sliding the panties to her
knees.  Her eyes flicked back to the man at the bar, his notice
now full on her.  His eyes watched she knelt foward to gather the
panties from around her shoes.  Bryan's eyes followed Lara's for
a moment, seeing the man at the bar watching her.  Lara's tiny
hand slipped the panties into Bryan's.  She shook her head,
unable to believe that she had really taken her panties off in
the middle of the club for him.

Bryan bumped his hip to Trish's, "Let's dance in the foam,
babes." Trish slid out of the booth first, her hand swung
backwards to get Byran's.  She turned in time to see him grab
Lara's small hand and tug her onto the dance floor with them. 
They waded into the foam area, laughing at the feel of it and
watching the people wiggling all through it.  Hips and bodies
shook with the hard thumping of the music.  The foam covered
every inch of their bodies.  Lara's long hair was tossled around
her shoulders.  The wetness of the foam giving her a glowing
sheen that made her radiant under the pulsing lights of the club.


Byran reached forwarded to grab at Trish's hips.  His hands
pulled her backwards and pulled her ass into his crotch.  His
hand slipped down, around the front of her and sliding into her
slit.  The foam came waist high covering his actions.  The rest
of the patrons were oblivious to the fact his fingers were now
stroking at the bare pussy under her skirt.  Her hands reached
back and gripped his hips.  Her head lolled almost backwards and
a panting sigh escaped her full red lips.  The long burnished
locks of copper fell into her eyes as the desperate bolt of
pleasure throttled through her body.  His fingers teased along
the ever wetter slit.  Her had moved upwards, encompassing his
neck. She arched against him.  Her voice came hoarsely when it
did come, "Bryan.... please..... ".  Lara watched for a moment,
then moved into Trish's body, her fingers trailing down her tank
top.  She tweaked at the nipples through the cloth causing them
to harden and the other girl's voice to gasp louder.  She pressed
her body into Trish's and let her hands slip down to her hips,
meeting Bryan's.  The two of them held the writhing girl in place
for moment before Lara reached her hand up to Trish's hair and
pressed her mouth into hers.  The two girls kissed as the music
whirled around them in a melodic ecstasy.  Trish hungrily
breathed in Lara's kisses her hands going to Lara's breasts,
kneading them as they passionately melded together.

Trish broke the kiss as Bryan's pressed his crotch harder into
her.  His other hand lifted her skirt and let her bare skin grind
against his jeans.  He let her enjoy the roughness of it before
he spoke to her.  His voice sounded a million miles away, "Please
what, Trish? Tell me what you want me to do.  Do you want me to
fuck you in front of all these people? Tell me how much you want
me to fuck you.  I want to hear you beg me for my cock."  Lara
swung around behind Bryan and pressed herself into him.  Her ran
her hands down his sides and swayed against him.  She pressed her
face against his shoulder listening for the begging she knew was
to come.

Trish's skin flushed. She tried to twist away from him to bury
her face in his neck.  Her skin was coated with gloss of sweat. 
His fingers kept up their persisent, gentle stroking. His other
kept her firmly in place.  His chest pressed harder into her back
as he whispered to her again, "Tell me how much, Trish.  You know
you want me to fuck you here.  I need to you to say it.  Tell me
how much you me to fuck you."  His hand moved from her side
briefly to give her hair a sharp tug.  She gasped. Her whole body
shook with the increasing desire.  The tone of her voice shifted
becoming more supplicant and melodious, "Please, Bryan.. Please
fuck me.. I need you to fuck me so much.. Please.. I need you.. I
can't.. I.. please, Byran.. fuck me.... ".  She blossomed with
heat, not knowing she could reach yet another level of need.

Bryan let go of her hair with his hand and undid his jeans.  His
already hardened cock sprang from his pants.  He bent her forward
more so her hips were angled.  He bent his knees slightly and
pressed his cockhead right at the wet pussyhole.  She whimpered.
Her hips wiggled from side to side urging him to press it into
her.  She begged, the dulcet voice raising a bit, "Bryan,
please.. fuck me now.  I need you to fuck me... please.. dammit
it.. I ... fuck.. please... ".  The urgency of her voice echoed
the need of her body.  He laughed and lifted her a bit.  His cock
slid easily into her.  Her hands lowered to his thighs. She
grasped at him and urged him deeper with his initial strokes. 
Her head fell back to his shoulder again.  His hips ground slowly
into her, his hand holding her into place.  His other hand rubbed
her clit in circles, slowly and purposefully he rocked into her.
Trish strained her legs as she humped back to him.  The
cuntjuices coated his cock easily.  His flesh slapped against
her, wetter and hotter, urging her to sway with him to the
thumping of the music.  She rocked backwards easily.  Arching and
thrusting, the tightened pussywalls milked his cockmeat with each
muscle.  She clenched down on him, fingers digging hard into his
thighs.  Her stomach tightened as the nerve endings in the
ravished cuntmeat radiated need through each portion of her
being.  Her cries came a bit louder. Lara swung around the front
of Trish and ground into her from the front.  Her fingers reached
to the whetted pussy and stroked with Bryan's, teasing along the
slit. Bryan reached one of his hands up to her neck, holding her
back up against him as he continued the ruthless fucking of her
cunt.  "Shhhh baby, not too loud, make them think we are
dancing," he instructed her. He kept his hand on her throat. He
moved deeper into her, making her bend forward slightly at the
waist. Lara reached back as she saw Bryan move deeper into Trish
and slid her hand back to his balls.  Her hand felt the rhythmic
pumping of his cock into the wet pussy.  She pressed her cunt
down on one Trish's legs and started to grind downwards.  Her
cunt started to tingle as Trish rocked back and forth between
them. The skirt lifted a bit too high for a moment and flashed
pale flesh to the other dancers.

Trish let out a soft moan. She ground backwards, the pussymeat
urging him further and further into her.  It slopped the sweet
fucknectar down her thighs coating them.  His buried his cock
into her depths and held her there, letting his thumb worked the
sweet oyster of her clit.  He teased and urged the delicate nub.
"Fuck Byran.. please... I need to cum.. I need to cum with you..
Please let me cum on your cock.. please... I need to.. please.. I
promise.. please... fuck..".  He chuckled in her ear, "You
promise me, baby.  What do you promise me? Tell me."  Lara
grinned to herself as she heard Trish begging him. She slipped
her hand further back, teasing the thrusting cock and helping
Byran manipulate the swollen pussy.  Lara leaned down and licked
at Trish's neck, making the other girl moan again in deeper
pleasure.

Trish swallowed back, fighting the increasing urge to cum on him.
 She spilled the words out, letting him hear them, knowing that's
what he wanted from her. "Please Byran.. I'll be a good girl for
you.  I promise, I'll do what you want, I will, just please.. let
me cum with you, on you.. please.. I need you to cum in me.. let
me feel you."

His finger stroked the pink fucknub, urging the orgrasm to its
peak.  "Cum on me, Trish.  I want to feel you cum all over my
cock.  Fuck me."  Trish's hips started to rock almost spastically
to him.  He held her firmly controlling some of the movements. 
Her voice raised high, the din of the harsh throbbing music
drowning out her cries.  Her pussy clenched down and lengthened.
The rush of pleasure burst through her like a lightning stroke. 
It seared her to the core.  She raised up and her thigh muscles
started to quiver as the pussymeat showered down on his cock the
juices from the furthest depths.  She humped like a bitch on heat
on his cock. Lara felt the orgasm score through the girl.  Her
fingers worked along the slit, teasing it as well.  Bryan thrust
forward, spearing into her over and over.  She gasped and almost
buckled from the insane pleasure, the need and release burning
down her legs into her toes.  Bryan felt his own impending orgasm
start to come over him.  He pushed into her, enjoying the sound
of the slapping flesh against him.  His slutjuice coated balls
wetly pounding against the white ass.  He watched the girl in
front of him shamelessly orgasm over his cock, enjoying the sound
and sensation.  He groaned softly and started to pumping harder,
brutualizing the slutflesh.  His cock pulled almost all the way
out, then slammed back into her.  Both of his hands moved,
grabbed her hips and holding her down on him, not allowing her to
move as he came inside her.  The eruption of his cock inside her
caused Trish to shudder with ecstasy.  His hot cum spurted into
her and mixed with her girlhoney.  His head fell against her
shoulder as his skin flushed with the orgasm.  She held herself
there, almost afraid to move.  Her legs were like jelly from the
adventure. Lara helped her stay up, her hands trailing along her
body and swaying in time with her to the music.  Trish finally
opened her eyes, and almost gasped as she remembered where she
was being fucked.  She looked around and saw no one had even
noticed the display. She lifted a hand to her face, turning beat
red and sliding off of Bryan's cock.  She kept herself pressed
against him so he could readjust himself.  She turned into Bryan
and buried her face in his neck, and shook her head. Lara groaned
to herself, her own cunt throbbing with need from the display.

"I officially hate you, Byran," she whispered into his neck.  He
laughed at her and whispered back, "Do not."

Trish laughed and turned back to Lara and puller her to her.  She
slipped her hand over her hip to the sweet ass, finding the curve
and following it. She kissed at Lara's neck, licking upwards to
her ear as she nibbled on it.  Trish's other hand slipped into
under the denim skirt, finding the other girl soaked from
watching them.  Bryan eyed them both eagerly as she Trish's
fingers found the seething pussyhole and fingering it.  She
groaned into Lara's neck as her flesh opened up to her fingers. 
Bryan slipped behind Lara now and held her firmly in place.  She
let out a gasp as his hand reached around and twisted a nipple,
giving her some pain to mingle with the pleasure.  He leaned in
and whispered in Lara's ear, "I think I need to fuck your hot ass
in the parking lot."

And with that, he grabbed their hands and tugged them to the
door.

And.. part II (The Parking Lot) later this week :)














