Me and my brother
by BlueMenace

I always loved my brother. He was the joy in my life. The first star to light the sky. But even though I loved him we often had some tense In our relationship. This is one of the stories that I still remember after all this time.

It all started at on Tuesday morning. The summer break had started and everything seemed just perfect. I was making some breakfast for myself when I heard my brother Oscar coming downstairs. I greeted him and asked how was the night and he told me it was fine. As I was spreading the butter over my bread I saw how he to the table.

The blue eyed blonde that had still his pyjama on was looking very sleepy. I always forgot how he was already 14-year-old as I still remembered how he used to look as a child. Well not like I was much older. Barely 16 of age I always considered him to be a little kid while he just wanted to be treated as a teenager.

Suddenly he asked me to make some food for him. I really couldn't bother so I just told him to make his own food but he seemed to get irritated by my answer. He always tried to boss others around. Probably got that trait from his father. I just kept ignoring his words and decided to finish my food.

From the clean window of our microwave I saw the reflection of myself. Blonde girl with glasses, 5.5 at best, blue eyes that could have swallowed an ocean and birthmark over my neck. I always considered myself to be good looking as I was in good shape, had nice tits and an ass to die for but for some reason no boy had never asked me out yet.

As I was staring myself down suddenly I felt something that caught me truly off guard. My grey sweatpants had been pulled to my ankles and for my misfortune I hadn't wore anything under them for some reason. I was now standing there completely naked from waist down. In absolute shock I was unable to do anything and tumbled on ground when my pants were yanked once more. In a flash I had fully lost my pants and dignity and were now desperately trying to cover my bits.

Before me stand my little brother Oscar holding my pants in the air as a trophy and swinging the around like a flag. I was totally shocked and frozen as I tried to comprehend what had just happened. I tried to order him to give my pants but I couldn't form words in my mouth and only managed to mumble something completely incomprehensible.

I had never been seen naked in front of anyone and this was beyond humiliating because the person humiliating me was my own little brother. I could already feel how my breathing was getting heavy and how my face was turning red.

I tried to beg him to give my pants back but he just laughed and swinged them before me. As I tried to catch them he just quickly pulled them away and not using my both hands to cover was just making my situation worse. I felt how a tear started to form into my eye but I didn't want to cry. Not for him.

That was when I could see a bulge forming in his pyjama bottoms and it didn't make the things any easier for ne to know how much he was enjoying my embarrassment. After some time he finally told me I could get my pants back under the terms that I wouldn't tell to our parents and I had make the breakfast for him that he originally wanted. He said that after I had made the breakfast he'd give me my pants back but when I asked how could I trust him he just said that I couldn't but I had to or otherwise I would quite possibly remain naked for rest of the day.

I accepted his terms with reluctance my face completely red. I hoped that this would end soon but I had no guarantee about it. I timidly stood up and turn around to face the table. I acknowledged that he could see my bare but while I was preparing his breakfast. It turned out to be very awkward trying to work in the kitchen while also attempting to cover my privates. As I was busy with his food suddenly he bumped into me making me spill apple juice all over the floor and my shirt. He immediately apologized but I could hear the sarcasm in his voice and knew he did it on purpose. As I looked down I saw how my boobs were now clearly visible under my thin white shirt. I felt my heart beat raising as I realized I had no bra under my shirt and even my nipples were well on display. I quickly hide my boobs with my other hand and prayed my shirt would dry fast.

After short apology he told me that as a good older sister and as a model for him I should help him to clean the mess. I was still facing my back to him and hoped that he wouldn't realize that my wet shirt was now totally transparent. I was getting really desperate to receive my pants back and escape this situation and didn't want to annoy him so I decided to obey. I knew I couldn't wholly cover myself up while cleaning the floor so it was an easy choice to choose between showing my boobs or my pussy. I chose to remove my hand hiding my tits and picked a towel from the desk with. I slowly turned around and saw how his eyes opened wide as he saw my chest.

I wanted to hide underground and escape his thirsty eyes stripping me away from my last dignity. He commented how big of a slut I was for not wearing any underwear and how I must have liked to be naked in front of my own brother because I wasn't showing any resistance. I felt total mortification standing there, exposed like that. I wanted to run away but there was no place to go so I submissively crouched to the ground and started wiping the floor. He seemed to love the sight of his older sister exposed in front of him like this, cleaning the mess he caused and completely humiliated and degraded. I felt how my nipples were getting hard and I hoped that I could just disappear. He made a comment about my nipples getting hard and laughed to me. His laugh really felt like the final hit to my already scattered pride.

After I had managed to clean up the mess I stood up and returned to finish the food. Soon I finally had finished his breakfast and told him I was done. He seemed pleased and told me to put in on a tray and bring it to him. The only problem was that I couldn't carry the metallic tray with on hand so I would need to reveal my cunt for him. He obviously knew this and was eager to see my vagina. I breathed heavily and decided that it wouldn't matter as I had already came so far. I filled the troy with food and turned around now facing him. My trimmed pussy now in full view to him. I saw the arousement in his face as I was now staring right into his blue eyes. I walked to him and placed the troy in front of him and asked if I could get my pants back.

He gave me a smile and told me that I needed to ask nicely. My face still red and heart pounding I asked him as nicely as I could to give my pants back. He gave me and stare and told me how that wasn't enough. I was really getting desperate and begged him to give my pants back but he was just smiling enjoying my despair. Then he told me that if I kissed his feet he might think about giving my pants back. I obeyed he in hopes of recovering my pants and was really surprised with joy when he finally threw my pants on the ground for me to pick up. He told me how good girl I was for obeying him and how I had earned my privilege of wearing pants for the rest of the day.

These events were the beginning of our "spicy" relationship which lead to many embarrassing moments for me.


