Hello guys,i've been reading awesome experiences of having pleasure in iss for the past 3 years, i like girlfriend, teacher & incest part the most, now i'm sharing my 1st(incest) story, this is the real experience with my sister, i thought all the stories here were fake, but now i understand what's the catch,so about me-i'm 19 yrs old,brownish black colour with athletic body and height 5'7. My place is in south Karnataka, I live kushalnagar,but i'm studying my b.e in mysore, so coming to story, this happened before few months, i was on leave for some festival at my home place. when i came to home, I became happy by all the relatives, i talked to them happily, Then i saw a beautiful lady-my sister, i've been expecting her, i was very happy seeing her, this was the lady whom i've been fantasizing about, she has the perfect body shape like 34-28-34, she was 5yrs older than me.

I masturbated many times by memorizing her cleavage scene which i had, so when i saw her i just go and hug her tightly, she gave kiss on my forehead, her nipples were poking through my chest,, we just relaxed, i got freshened up, all other relatives were flirting in the hall, others working in the kitchen, me and my sister were sitting in my room, we were talking about our daily routines and stuff, i was becoming so horny at that movement talking to her, i was staring at her milky boobs, she was wearing a tight t-shirt, so her half boobs were clearly visible, i thought i would grab those juicy melons and suck them, but i couldn't do it at that time,

I thought about seducing her, i grabbed my laptop, i asked her whether she want to watch a movie, then she said yes, so i put an action film, it was going on smoothly, my sister and i were sitting together ,she was wearing a 3/4th skirt, her silky smooth legs were brushing against my legs, my dick was partially erect.

At the climax there was a kiss scene, both hero & heroin were smooching like anything, I was watching it curiously, my sis was blushing by that kissing scene, so film ended, at that time my mother called my sister, i was so disappointed by this, few minutes later she came and told that we'll another movie after dinner, I was very happy, i said ok and she again went to work. Immediately i went to bathroom and jerked off....

We all had dinner , my sister and i came back to my room, we sat together i put "wrong turn" which had lot of scary scenes and lot of erotic scenes, when watching the movie my sister caught hold of my hand coz she was very scared of that movie, suddenly there was a scene with boy fucking a girl, this time my sis was in shame, she was still holding my hand, her shoulder were touching mine, for my bad luck the movie was finished, i started another movie, In my house everyone were sleeping except me & my sister, we were watching movie, as she was tired working, she slept by putting her head on my shoulder, I realised that she was in deep sleep, naughty thoughts were running in my mind like anything,

I slowly i put my hand on her boobs, wow man they were soft,i caressed my innocent elder sister's breasts....i was so in mood to suck them, but i was afraid she would wake up if i move. That time i slowly reached her thighs.. my gosh her skirt was already rode up to her knee. my hands were shivering like anything, i pulled her skirt up slowly, her milky thighs were visible, I touched it, it was so warm, then suddenly i heard a slow moan from my sister. i was scared and pulled her skirt down and took my hand back. I checked her but she was still sleeping, I thought she was dreaming... I continued to watch the movie..,

After some time i woke her up,,, Me: Akka late aitu, malogodilwa(sis, it's late now,won't u sleep) Sis:hmmm.. nanu ille nidde madtini(Yeah i'll sleep here) Me:ok you sleep here,i'll go to my room in terrace, Sis:ok good knight, i kissed on her forehead, i turned off the laptop and i headed to terrace. I went inside the room, took off my shorts, started jerking off But then suddenly i noticed that someone was peeking at the door, oh shit,i realised that i forgot to lock the door, then that person came inside, I was damned, it was my sister, i was ashamed...i was standing in front of my sister naked, I was sweating heavily...

Sis:What the hell are u doing...??? Me:Enu illa akka,(nothing sis, i try to cover my dick) she came near to me and told me that she knew about what i was doing to her when we were watching movie...i was so scared that she would tell my parents.. i begged her not to tell anyone about what i did.she just smiled ....

We were staring at each other's eyes, she came close to my face and started kiss me,.,. oh my god wat's happening here, i never even dreamed about kissing my sis.. our kiss started getting wilder, she started suck my lips..she caught hold of my 6.5 inch penis in her hand and started stroking it.i slowly removed her t-shirt..oh man she was not wearing bra..those were sexy boobs i've ever seen..i grabbed them and started to suck them.

It was very tasty..my sis was enjoying it.she was moaning like hell. i removed her skirt.....OMG..she was not even wearing the panty. her cute pussy was well shaven...we were standing naked facing each other,i told her to sleep on bed and she did...i started fingering her cunt..it was wet.. i licked her pussy,it was very good feeling, when i kissed her pussy a current shock passed through her.i had my face buried my face in her cunt, she was pressing my head on her pussy, i barely breath that time...she said.."plz stop teasing me, put ur thing inside me, i can't wait anymore" my time has come to take my sexy-hot sister's virginity,...

I took her in missionary position, put my dick on her pussy lips,i got a good feeling.i tried to slowly put my dick into her pussy. Although we both were virgins..it was little difficult for us..her pussy juice were flowing on my penis,it was very warm..her juice made it easier my rod to get into her clitoris..she was in pain. she told me to do it slowly..she started to enjoy the fucking session as her "pain turned into pleasure".I started pumping her, it was very good feeling'hmmmmmmm yyeeeeaahhhh...ahhhhhhhhhh......she was moaning like anything...""oh yeah,"oh yeah......fuck me,fuck meeeeeeee..........aaaahhhhhhhhhh....uuhhhhhhh....ummm...yes"" as fuck her each time,it was like clapping sound..she had orgasm.. her pussy juices were flowing in ecstasy...i removed my dick, i drank all her juices...i told her to suck my cock. she did,she took my penis in her mouth..oh hell the warmth of her mouth made me shake...

I was holding her head and pumping my dick deep her throat...it was my movement...i reached the climax.. ohhhhh ahhhhhh....i was groaning like a bull....i shot my sperm load in and all over her face..my sister was my sex goddess.she was looking more sexier as my juices on her face. We were very tired...we slept there hugging each other..I told my sis that i had a crush on her many years..she smiled and said"you are a very naughty".. we are still in contact, whenever i go to her place,,,we try 2 have a nice fucking session..

So Guys i'm sure you like this story..i want to tell something to boys like me..if you want to have sex, try convincing ur girlfriends or ur close ones..."Plz Don't RAPE".about that delhi gang rape case.plz respect girls.they are not toys..i respect them..so at last if you like my story,plz vote me..u can contact me at turbosplash@ymail.com,girls and middle aged aunty's near my place are always welcome to contact me.Thank ya'll for your support..bye..se ya'll in next story..
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty wit