Back to School - The Girls New Gym Uniforms
by Sara Sanders

Summary: A 7th grade girls gym class is given their new gym uniforms and
unknown to them they were covered with a strong aphrodisiac.

   The girls lined up in the locker room to get their new gym uniforms for
the school year.  The coach called out each girls name and handed it to
them.  As the girls got their new uniforms they opened up the bag and went
to their locker.  What the girls didn't know was that someone at the
factory had dipped each of the girl's uniforms in a strong aphrodisiac. 
The girls began to strip off their skirts or shorts and panties, and then
pulled on their new gym shorts and panties.  Next the girls removed their
t-shirts.  Most of the girls were wearing different colored bra except for
a few girls that were underdeveloped.  The girls that had them removed
their bras.  Then the girls put on their new sports bra and gym shirts.

   When the last girl got out of the locker room, the coach lead them in
stretches and warm up exercises.  Most of the girls were already starting
to sweet a little bit.  Then they were instructed to go outside and run
around the track several times.  As the girls ran they felt excited but
didn't know why.  Then they started to breathe harder.  The coach saw it as
the girls being out of shape.  Then one of the girls fell to her knees. 
The coach ran over to her and asked her if she was ok.  She replied that
she felt sick but really she had just had an orgasm.  The coach told her to
go back inside and take a shower to cool off.  Several minutes later
several other girls fell to their knees.  The coach had no idea what was
going on but she didn't want to be responsible for a girl getting hurt so
she told everyone else to hit the showers early.  All of the girls were
breathing hard and looked flush.

   The first girl had already undressed and was in a shower stall.  She
turned on the water and within seconds she was on the shower stall floor
having another orgasm.  She had no idea what was wrong with her.  The
aphrodisiac had already gotten in her skin and the water was activating it.
As the other girls came into the locker room they began to undress and head
for the showers.  Within minutes all of the shower stalls were filled with
7th grade girls on the floor having orgasms.  The steam from the showers
soon filled the locker room and the other girls waiting to take a shower
were now starting to feel the effects.

   The first girl in the shower slowly crawled out only to see her
classmates on the floor of the locker room moaning.  Several of them were
naked while others were wearing towels.  But all of them were now having
uncontrollable orgasms.  Several minutes later the coach walked in and saw
the girls' locker room full of her 7th grade girls naked and on the floor
having multiple orgasms.  Most of the girls didn't know what was happening
to them.  The coach tried to calm them down and called the school nurse in
to help.  They helped the girls get dressed and took them to the nurse's
office.  The girls in the showers were still having powerful orgasms.  As
the girls dried off the orgasms began to slow down.  Once the girls were
moved to the nurse's office they were fine but the school called their
parents anyways and sent them home for the day since they didn't know what
happened.

   The next day the girls showed up for gym class and began to put on their
new gym clothes.  They still had no idea what caused the incident the first
day of school and they didn't have a clue that round two awaited them.



