ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 15

After leading me to the opposite side of the gym, Lizzy took a seat on the bleachers at half court. She tapped the seat beside her, indicating for me to sit too. I took a seat next to her, crossing my legs to conceal my clean-shaven pussy from the onlookers. "So .... Jenifer?", she questioned. "So what?", I asked. "Are you enjoying the liberation that comes from shedding those suffocating clothes? Isn't it empowering to be rid of the confines of the social norm?" I had no idea how to verbally respond, so I just nodded, "Yes", figuring that was the answer she was hoping for. "Good", she replied. Lizzy then turned towards me, and said, "I want you to pose for me this coming Saturday at my home. How about it?" Before I could reply, she added, "I've taken the liberty of checking with Paul first, and he is in agreement that any and all opportunities to prepare you for posing for Felix, should be utilized". "Of course, he is", I thought to myself.

Anxious to change the subject, I asked Lizzy, "When was the last time you were in contact with Felix?" Her reply should have been expected, but somehow came as a great surprise to me. "This morning", she said. "Felix and I first kept in contact by phone, while writing letters to each other on occasion. Then email came along, and we kept up that way. Now we pop in and out on each other through our phones". I couldn't believe it, but my next question just fell out of my mouth. "Were you two romantically involved?" "Everyone was romantically involved in those days sweetie", was her simple reply, as she instructed me to retake my pose, while she walked back across the gymnasium floor, leaving me standing there, naked and alone at half court.

I quickly made my way along the bleachers to the safety of the student artists and the posing area, then took my position. In a failed attempt to psychologically switch my psyche from 'Naked' to 'Nude, I tried focusing on my pose. Still, I felt like I was under the personal microscope of all who were present. I could only imagine what their individual interpretations of my public nudity was. I was naked and they were not! That's all I knew. It was an emotion I had been dreading. If you ask me, I graduated from 'Novice' life model to 'Semi-Experienced' life model at that exact moment in time. I say that because I held my pose with fortitude, regardless of the overwhelming urge to cover my shame.

I focused on the scoreboard that was mounted on the wall at the other end of the gymnasium. It was positioned up and to the right of where the volleyball players were practicing. I just didn't possess the courage needed to look at the player's faces, as they were looking at me, so I held my pose and continued to focus on the blank scoreboard. Just when I felt slightly at ease in my nudity, the steel doors leading to the gymnasium from outside, opened up. I almost fainted as I watched four friends of the volleyball players, three females and one male, walk into the gymnasium. Surprising as it may seem, they failed to notice the naked girl, stuck in her pose, at the other end of the gymnasium. I went from staring at the blank scoreboard to scanning the other end of the court and back again.

Making sure I had no eye-to-eye contact with the newcomers, I held my position. While going from focusing on the scoreboard to surveying the other end of the gym, I noticed one of the female newcomers was positionedt behind the male from her group and was taking pictures of me with her cell phone. I felt helpless to do anything, as I held my pose, refocusing on the scoreboard. Unable to calculate the time I had been posing for this segment, I could only hope the utter humiliation of my total naked exposure to these newcomers, would soon come to an end. Yet for some reason, I thought to myself, "I can't wait to see any of the naked photos of me, that may have been sent to my cell phone".

While I was still reeling from the recent turn of events, the door leading outside from the gym, opened once again. This time two young men walked in. They instantly recognized that there was a naked woman, standing at the other end of the gymnasium. They pulled out their cell phones to take pictures, when Francesca stepped between me and the afternoon's newest onlookers. My eyes became watery as I saw, she was holding my robe. Of all people to come to my rescue, it turned out to be Francesca! She looked me in the eye, and sternly said in a low tone, "Jenifer! Relax. Now casually take the robe, as you continue to talk with me". I was dumbfounded, as she continued, "Slowly take the robe from me and put it on as if you don't care if you have it or not".

I did as Francesca instructed and slowly put on my robe, while appearing to be making small talk. Finally having some cover for my naked body, I looked to Francesca, and asked, "Why are you helping me?" She started walking around and encouraging me to do the same, and replied, "Because you're going to let me taste your pussy, Jenifer". "No Francesca! No! I am not!", I insisted, as we both unbendingly whispered to each other. Her response was perfect for the situation. "A girl can hope, can't she?", she replied, as she winked at me, then walked over to assist the student artists. I felt abandoned, as I stood alone with only a single vestige of clothing, as all eyes seemed to be looking at me. Well, that's how it felt to me.

Standing in the gym amongst the many clothed people, but now wrapped in the security of my terrycloth robe, I started thinking to myself, "I can understand how walking into a community college gymnasium and finding a naked girl, posing for some art students at the other end of the court, would trigger the immediate reflex of pulling out your phone and taking a video and/or some pictures. I understand that! I get it! The problem with getting 'It', is that 'It' did nothing to alleviate my anxiety, since I was the one who has been, and will soon be again, totally naked in front of everybody in the college gymnasium!

Paul and the Sullivans joined me, while Mrs. Slate met up with Francesca and the student artists. Elaine said, "Jenifer. This environment is perfect for some 'on the job training', so to speak". As she was giving her synopsis, more people entered the gymnasium from the outside. There must have been at least a dozen individuals enter through the doors, as I felt every essence of courage drain from my existence. "Hello Jenifer!", came the heavy Jamaican accent of my new friend, Amicia, as she was waving for me to come join her. Robert looked at me, and said, "Well, Jenifer. Are you going to introduce us to your friend?" "Of course," I replied, as the four of us started walking to the other end of the gymnasium for the first time. Lizzy seemed content just watching from a distance.

The women's volleyball uniforms were skimpy at best, and the men's skintight shirts and snug shorts were hardly any better. For a split second, I felt protected from the shelter of my robe. New arrivals continued to enter the gym and I could feel the stares of all those around me. Knowing they must have already been informed that some girl was posing in the nude, for an art class in the gymnasium, I held fast to my robe, dreading the moment I would have to relinquish it. Many of those in the gym must have been wondering if and when I was going to remove my robe and resume my pose. The ever-increasing number of people in the gym had me feeling overwhelmed. The crowd of almost fifty people who were present when I first started posing, had now swelled to at least eighty.

Introducing Paul and the Sullivans to Amicia was a welcome distraction. I felt so puny yet somehow safe, when I was in her company. After the introductions were complete, Amicia took my hand, and said, "Jenifer. I speak to you privately, yes?", as she led me away from Paul and the Sullivans. Amicia's brawny grip on my hand was both reassuring, yet a bit unnerving, as she led me into a hallway right outside of the men's shower. She spun me around as if I were a ragdoll, and asked, "Jenifer! My new American friend! Do you like your surprise?" I was completely baffled, when I asked, "Surprise? What surprise, Amicia?", I asked. I almost fainted when I heard her answer.

"Jenifer! My new American friend! You said to me when we were upstairs, "Yup. That's me! The naked American 'Art Girl' with the bald pussy, who enjoys displaying her naked body! Is this not what you said to me", she asked, looking for my approval. "Amicia! I was being facetious!", I replied. "What is 'Facetious'? she asked. Amicia had reminded me of my ill-advised statement to her when we first met, but her genuine smile had put me at ease, so I quietly said, "It's fine Amicia. It's all good". We went back out to the court, only to find the number of people had increased by at least another ten individuals. Almost ninety dressed people were spread though out the vast space. I was petrified!

Mrs. Slate indicated it was time to re-take my position by the artists. Practically crippled with fear, I made my way up the court as she, Lizzy, Paul, The Sullivans and Francesca had all congregated near the bleachers across from the posing area. I met up with everyone, happy to have some privacy. I wanted to explain how I think we should move the class back upstairs, in light of the recent turn of events. Before I could utter a word, Elaine Sullivan said, with a controlled enthusiasm, "Jenifer! This situation is perfect! I don't know how they came about but the circumstances could not be better. You are very fortunate to have an opportunity like this. This is very close to the atmosphere you can expect at Felix's exhibition." She scanned the gymnasium, and quietly repeated, "Very fortunate".

All nodded in agreement, as I looked to my husband, Paul for help. The expression of anticipation, plastered across his face, affirmed I could not avoid the upcoming public humiliation. Francesca said, "I'll walk you over Jen", almost sounding empathetic to my plight. Once in the posing area, I waited to remove my robe while the artists re-took their places on the bleachers. Jenifer stood before me, and whispered, "It's time to take off your robe, Jen", once again, appearing to show compassion. The moment of truth was here. Lizzy and Felix were right. The indignity of surrendering my last vestige of cover, would be nothing short of being the most excruciating ordeal, I had ever experienced. With the number of spectators approaching 100, at least forty of them had not yet seen me naked.

Remembering how I had told myself earlier, that this was just a job, I stiffened my spine, removed the robe and handed it to Francesca. I quickly re-took my pose and stared back up at the scoreboard again. The fear running through my veins was the only thing keeping me standing upright, as I heard the unmistakable sound of cell phone cameras going off. Robert Sullivan headed down the court, and asked, "Folks. Please show our model some courtesy, and refrain from taking pictures. Thank you", then turned around and waked back to the others. Knowing Robert had no authority to uphold the rules of the art classroom in the public venue of the gymnasium, I could do nothing but appreciate his efforts as the clicking of the cell phone cameras continued. Even Paul had made his way to half court to take some of his own! WTF?

Knowing I was confined to this prison of utter shame and exposure, I decided to defiantly hold my pose. I then started to survey the crowd of spectators, most of who were observing me. Even with this mountain of shame and humiliation weighing upon me, I still started wondering how many photos were being sent to my phone, and would they allow me to remember this moment, fondly? On occasion, I even focused on some the picture taker's cell phone camera lens', hoping I might see 'Naked Me' staring back at 'Clothed Me', later, in my cell phone. How someone could possibly feel both euphoric and mortified at the same time is a mystery to me, but I promise you, one can. It's amazing what the mind will do, in order to distract the body, while it's going through such a humbling experience. I was actually becoming aroused again.

Just when I was enjoying what should have been my total shame and vulnerability, Francesca announced the segment was over. Suddenly emotionally thrusted from 'Empowered Life Model' to 'Embarrassed Naked Girl', I looked to her for my robe. How quickly we forget. Huh? She smiled at me and looked towards Paul and the others, where I saw my robe once more, placed on the bleachers on the other side of the gymnasium. Her empathy was short lived, as I found myself having to bear the indignity of again walking across the gymnasium, totally naked. I focused on Lizzy, since Paul was nowhere to be seen, as I walked across the gym to the sound of cell phone cameras clicking away on my right. Lizzy was giving me a look, as I approached her. I instinctively knew it was about me putting the robe back on.

Now in the company of the instructors and Lizzy, minus my husband, I did feel safe. I also knew I was faced with one question, and one question only. "Robe or no robe!" Since my husband was MIA, I decided 'Not' to wear a robe. Remembering the horrific ordeal, I went through the last time I had to remove it, I decided on the lesser of the two poisons. I mean really! Anyone who wanted photos of me, already had them by now. So....I remained completely naked but stayed with the instructors and Lizzy. I was starting to get concerned about Paul and his psyche, when he walked through the gymnasium doors. I quickly met him, then discretely moved him back through the gym doors. Once in the hallway, I looked at him with daggers in my eyes, and asked, "Where were you?"

He seemed so pleased to see I was still naked when he turned into the teenage boy, I knew all too well, and replied, "The men's room", still enamored with my naked body. "This long?", I asked. One look at his expression told me everything I needed to know! I screamed at him in a whisper, and said, "Paul! Did you just jerk off in the men's room?" Holding the same satisfied expression on his face, he replied, "I had to. I was getting a hard on". I took my husband's hand, leaned against him and looked up, and said, "I can't believe I married such a pervert!", as I reached up to kiss him. After our PDA moment, I looked up again, and asked, "So. You're good with all this?" His reply was exactly what I should have been hoping for, "Look but don't touch", was all he said, as he kissed me again.

I squeezed Paul's hand, then led my six-foot tall, twenty-five-year-old, adolescent husband back into the gymnasium, feeling relaxed and comfortable in my nudity. I remained with Paul and the others throughout the modeling session, whenever I was not posing. I don't know how many pictures of me were taken, but I was still hoping there was plenty of evidence of my second nude modeling experience, waiting for me on my cell phone. Francesca interrupted my mental bliss, and said, "It's time Jen". My new-found courage, thanks to Paul, allowed me the fortitude to walk across the gymnasium with my head held high.


