The Shower Incident
by jastes22 

Part 1: The Conditions - Susan is exposed in the shower. Darryl explains the conditions of her night of humiliation.

I loved showering. The feeling of hot water rushing down my skin was so refreshing. I loved the sensation of getting my hair wet and then letting it drip whenever I got out of the shower.

I had a good body, and I knew it. I ran every morning, worked out, and played on the college’s soccer team with a scholarship. My body was perfectly toned and flawless, with perky tits and a great butt. In high school, the boys practically drooled over me, and college was no different. I didn’t care much for getting serious, but I enjoyed the teasing I would give them, just enough to put them on edge.

I got more daring in college, stepping out of my dorm room or even the apartment into the girls' hallway in only my towel. My roommates warned me that one day something would happen if I kept teasing and playing with boys' heartstrings, but I ignored it.

Today was that day.

The curtain to my shower suddenly flew open. I shrieked and fell to the floor of the shower, wrapping my arms around my breasts and crotch.

“You’re gonna pay, Susan,” Darryl said. Oh, crap. Darryl. I had had fun with him. I even teased him with a little “private” show when he thought things were getting serious, and he had gone further than anyone else had, and I let him know it. Then, right when he thought we were something serious, I broke his heart. Man, that had been fun.

He reached over and turned off the water, and then just looked at me. I was suddenly very aware of the lopsidedness of the situation and just how vulnerable I was. I never realized how tall he was until I was basically kneeling at his feet. "How did you get in here?”

“Kelsey, your roommate?”

“Yeah? What about her?”

“I invited her over for a date just before she left for the weekend. Took a play out of your own playbook, as it were. I swiped her room key when she wasn’t looking. Now it’s time to take my revenge.”

Revenge?

Oh, crap.

He grabbed my arm and pulled me up. I cursed and squirmed, but he was too strong. I heard a *clang* of metal on metal, and suddenly my right hand was handcuffed to the curtain bar.

Unable to cover everything, I opted to take my left hand and stretch it diagonally across my body, placing my fingers over my pussy and trying to position my arm to block his view of my left nipple. Everything was still very much exposed, but at least it was something.

He grinned at my predicament and reached over to tweak my nipple. I squealed and pulled back, but the handcuff didn’t provide me much movement.

“Darryl, wait, I-”

“You know, when we started dating, I knew you had a lot of exes. I thought, ‘hey, maybe I could be the one to break that streak,’ but I see now I was just a plaything to you.”

“Darryl, please-”

He grabbed the other arm. *clang*

I shrieked again, fully exposed. The handcuffs were free to move along the curtain bar, so I pulled them together so both my arms were sort of covering me, but the awkward angle forced me to lean forward and stick out my butt.

Darryl’s eyes ran up and down my body. Well, at least he wasn’t trying to hide it. I felt even more exposed considering I was still dripping wet. “I asked around. You have so many exes. Like an obscene amount.”

The tone in his voice, slightly angry, slightly gloating, scared me. I didn’t think Darryl would do anything serious, but I couldn’t be sure. “What do you want?”

He grinned and held up a phone. One of those crappy flip phones from the 90s. “In this phone is a list of the numbers of all of your exes I could find. You’re gonna call two of them and tell them what you’re wearing and to come here. Then, the three of us are going to have some fun.”

Crap. Literal crap.

If it were just Darryl or one other person, then maybe I could get through it without too much embarrassment. But numbers created confidence, and with four horny boys with a beef to settle drooling over a very exposed girl like me, something was bound to happen.

“What if I don’t?”

If possible, his grin grew bigger, as if expecting me to say that. He reached up with his own phone, one of those Samsung phones, and took a picture. His phone was one of those phones that made the obnoxious *click* when it took a picture. That sound would haunt me for years. “I’m the head editor for the college newspaper. I wonder what will be printed on the front page...”

“You wouldn’t dare,” I said, unable to think of a much better threat. Darryl had this planned out.

“So, go ahead and make some calls,” he said. He handed me the phone. “I’ll be right here, waiting.”


Part 2: The Phone Drop -Susan drops the phone and pays the price.

I took the phone but didn’t start scrolling through yet.

“Go on,” Darryl said. “Don’t be shy.”

I glared at him. I was being anything but shy right now, bearing it all for his sadistic pleasure. And I was angry. It was much easier to be angry at him than to think about how mortified I was to be in the position I was in, namely, handcuffed naked in my shower.

“Give me a second,” I said. I started to go through the contacts. Shoot, he hadn’t been exaggerating. There were a ton of them, old flames of mine.

With the handcuffs, the length of my arms had been effectively shortened to a couple of inches, making it incredibly difficult to handle the phone properly, and the fact that I hadn’t used one of those antiquated flip phones in years didn’t help, either.

The phone slipped through my fingers and clattered to the floor, sliding down and resting against my right shin. I cursed, turning to look at Darryl. “A little help?”

Darryl mocked surprise. “Who? Me?”

“Get me the phone.”

“That wasn’t part of the deal.”

I groaned. “Do you want me to call them or not?”

“Well, if you can’t hold your end of the bargain, I guess those pictures-”

“Darryl, come on!”

He grinned. “I will, but only if you do something for me.”

“What?”

“Spread your legs. Let me have a peek”

“What? No way! Pick something else.”

“Susan, honestly, I don’t think you’re in a position to be making demands.”

I hung my head. He was right. He could do anything to me now. Grab my breasts? Easy. Pinch my nipples? No problem. Finger me? Done. “Why are you even asking, then?”

“Well, because I’m a gentleman-”

I snorted.

“-and because I think it’s appropriate for you to ask for it. .”

“I’m handcuffed!”

He shrugged. “Regardless, I think it’s better this way. You’ll bear the shame of knowing you asked for this. This—all of this—is payment for everything you did to me and all those others.”

“...Fine.”

“Say it. Make me a deal.”

I wanted to rip his head off. He had me completely in the palm of his hand and loving it. “Darryl...I’ll spread my legs for you if you give me my phone.”

“Great. I accept your deal. That wasn’t so hard, was it?”

“Shut up.”

“I’m waiting.”

I pulled on the handcuffs for balance and spread my legs. I kept a neat trim of hair down in my nether areas, but it was still embarrassing to expose myself further in front of the prying eyes of the creep.

“Oh my,” Darryl said. He reached down with both hands, grabbed each side of my pussy, and pulled.

“Hey! Hands off!”

He ignored me. “Your cunt really is magnificent, Suzie. I remember it the most from our time together.” With one hand still stretching my pussy, the other hand reached for his phone and brought it a few inches from my privates. *Click*

He poked a finger in. Ecstasy banged into my head like a gavel. If I hadn’t been hanging by handcuffs I would have collapsed. I screamed and moaned. I get so weak in the knees after penetration. He laughed and pulled his finger out and it glistened with liquid. “My, my, Suzie. You’re quite wet!”

“It’s just wet from the shower!” I said.

“Okay,” he said. “Whatever you say, but I think you’re enjoying this.”

“Shut up. Just give me the phone, perv.”

“Of course. A deal’s a deal.”

He stepped closer to reach down. His head came very close to my leg, more than it needed to, and his fingers rested on my pubic mound, grabbing the soft tuft of pubic hair and tugging. I moaned. It did feel good, but I was never going to tell him that.

“Well, here you go.” He handed me the phone. “Don’t drop it again.”


Part 3: The First Ex -Susan decides on her tormentors and begins her night of humiliation.

Well, now I was faced with a dilemma. Which two boys did I pick to come down to my apartment and witness my nakedness in all its glory?

This was messed up.

As I resumed scrolling through the phone’s contact, I began to see the genius—if that’s what it could be called—of Darryl’s plan. Any number of things could happen with each different combination of the three boys. By having me pick out the other two boys, anything that happened would be of my doing, in a removed sort of way.

In my mind, I had two options. For one, I could pick someone who was the least likely to do anything too humiliating. Minimize the damage, as it were. Maybe I could get someone who would even try to stop it, though I doubted it. I was almost always the one to break up with all of them, and I knew none of them wouldn’t jump at chance to humiliate their ex somehow.

The other option, I realized, was to pick someone I still kind of liked. If I was going to get ogled by someone, I might as well score some points with them while doing it. I may have broken up with all of them, but there were still a few I would consider hooking back up with. Darryl had been one of them, right up until he handcuffed me. Who knew, maybe something good would happen from all this. And if it did, all the better, just so I could screw Darryl.

I decided to split the difference. One to ogle, one to be the voice of reason.

My eyes fell on Sam’s name, a boy from my biology class. He was cute and very confident in himself, which reminded me of myself. He and I had dated for a few weeks before I broke it off. I still kind of liked him and wouldn’t mind starting up again with him. Of course, I hadn’t expected it to happen like this. And it would be super embarrassing to run into him every biology class if he saw me naked now in my current state, but I thought he would be the best option.

Okay, he was the one who was going to ogle me, now onto the one who might be the only voice of reason in my humiliation and tone it down when needed. Hmm...it was harder than I expected. I wasn’t naïve. I knew what kind of things went through a boy’s mind when they saw a woman naked, especially a woman like me. I was trying to find someone who would suppress those urges and protect me, which was a difficult thing to determine based solely on a past relationship.

I decided on Kyle. He was probably the shyest of the boys I’ve dated, and he was the only one that I remembered having some hesitation getting in bed with me. Maybe he would be merciful in my torment. I didn’t know a whole lot about him though—our fling had been relatively short—so I was taking a gamble on him.

My mind made up, I started to punch in the number for Sam.

“Wait,” Darryl said. I groaned. What did he want now? “Just remember, when you talk with them, make sure you tell them that you're naked, you feel bad for breaking up with them, and you want them to come over to punish you. If you don’t, then—”

“Yeah, yeah, I know. Pictures galore.”

I put in the rest of Sam’s number and put the phone up to my ear. It rang once, and then twice, then thrice, each tone excruciatingly long.

“Hello?”

Relief, followed quickly by terror.

“Hi, Sam,” I said. I sounded so stupid.

A pause. He sounded surprised to hear my voice. “Susan?”

“Yeah.”

“What’s up?”

Total, abject humiliation, that’s what’s up.

I opened my mouth, still not believing what I was about to say. Darryl looked at me, waiting for me to bail, almost taunting me. That anger bubbled up inside me, and I decided not to give him the satisfaction, even though I knew I was doing exactly what he wanted. “I just wanted to apologize for breaking up with you.”

“Oh, umm...you’re fine. I get it. I was just thinking about calling you, actually. I know we broke up, but I was wondering if maybe we could try again, so I wanted to ask if you if—”

“I’m naked,” I said, cutting him off. I couldn’t bear for him to keep going. My cheeks must’ve turned three shades redder.

An even longer pause. “What?”

“I’m naked, and I want you to come over and punish me.”

Darryl grinned.

Jerk off, I thought.

“I’m sorry, Susan. I don’t understand. You’re naked and you want me to come over?

“Yes. Just come over here. Right now,” I said. Let’s get this over with.

“Umm...okay. See you soon.”

I hung up. If only he understood just how much of me he would be seeing.


Part 4: The Second Ex -Susan's second choice falls through, and her decision is made for her. Darryl rewards her.

The weight of the reality of what was about to happen finally began to dawn on me. I had literally just called someone and asked them to come over and look at my naked body and do who knows what to me. It was too late to go back now.

“I admit, I didn’t think you’d pick Sam,” Darryl said. “Though I’m sure he’ll be grateful. Should be fun. Who’s the other lucky boy?”

“I’m not telling you,” I said. I don’t know why it mattered. He would know in just a second. It was just the only thing I could do to try to keep some shred of decency, some semblance of control. Reduced to childish stubbornness, I guess. I was so powerless, and it terrified me.

He shrugged. “That’s fine. Go on.”

As I started to dial Kyle's number, I prayed that I wasn’t making a mistake.

First ring. Second ring. Third ring. Where was he?

“You have reached the voicemail box of-”

I turned off the phone.

“What are you doing?” Darryl asked.

“It went to voicemail,” I said. “I’ll call someone else.”

“No, no, no. This is about atoning for your actions, Suzie. You’re going to call back and leave a message telling them that you apologize, that you’re naked, and you are about to be punished. Then you’ll call someone else."

I glared at him, but I didn’t threaten to refuse his request. I hated how my ability to be threatening was reduced to almost nothing. “Fine.”

I called the number again. Voicemail. For some reason, I hoped he would have gotten to the phone in the few moments I called him. That happened sometimes, right? anything to avoid leaving an embarrassing message.

“-please leave your message after the beep.”

*beep*

“Kyle, this is Susan. I wanted to let you know that I’m very sorry for breaking up with you. I also wanted to let you know that I’m naked and I’m about to be punished.” I turned off the phone. I wondered what he would be thinking as he listened to that voicemail, or if he would even realize the opportunity he missed.

“Good,” Darryl said. “Since your second pick didn’t work out, I guess I’ll have to choose someone.”

“Wait-”

He grabbed the phone and started to go through the contacts. I stood there, hands hanging above my head, waiting with dread for him to choose someone to join him and Sam in their humiliation of me, their subject. Kyle had been my one hope of a knight in shining armor, but with Darryl, Sam, and whoever Darryl chose, I was all but guaranteed to be ravished.

“I thought the deal was that I get to choose the boys.”

“That was the deal, but I’m changing it. You have a problem with that?”

“...No.”

He shrugged, as if not entirely satisfied with my answer. “Let’s go with Alex.”

My heart dropped. Not Alex. He had been the horniest boy I had ever dated. Super hot, but horny. He kept trying to get into my pants. Out of all my breakups, his was the messiest, and everyone—including Darryl, it would seem—knew it. He wouldn’t skip a beat in joining in on some revenge on his ex.

“Go ahead, call him,” he said. He put in Alex’s number and handed the phone to me to press “Call”

I couldn’t bring myself to start the call. Anyone but Alex.

“What are you waiting for?”

“I just want you to know how messed up this is. How messed up you are.”

He just grinned. I was starting to hate that grin. That knowing grin of how much control he had over me. “I know. “Just remember that this is your fault, this little predicament you’re in.”

I decided not to prolong my torture. I pressed “Call.” I prayed that Alex didn’t pick up the phone. As embarrassing as the voicemail would be, anyone else would be better.

He picked up on the first ring. Crap.

“This is Alex.”

“Alex, hey!” Why did I sound like a girly teenager? “I need you to come over to my place.”

A pause, longer than Sam’s. “Why?” The way he said it made it sound like he was suspicious. Exes didn’t call out of the blue unless they wanted something. Which, I guess, I did.

“Well, I need you to punish me for breaking up with you.”

At this point, Darryl stepped forward and grabbed my leg with one hand. I winced as he pulled it out and reached over to trace my pubic mound with his finger. Suddenly balancing on one leg, I nearly stumbled and dropped the phone again.

“Punish you? What do you mean?”

I couldn’t think, not with Darryl nearly on top of me. My pussy could still remember his first intrusion from just a minute ago, and it was screaming for more of it. “I’m naked,” I blurted out, unable to think coherently enough to say it any other way.

“What?”

“Please just come over,” I said. Darryl placed his hand directly on my pussy. He just let it lay there, not moving his fingers inside or anything. Just enough to drive me crazy.

“Susan, I don’t know if this is some kind of trick, but-”

“Just get over here!” I shouted, unable to think clearly. Darryl curled his fingers and lightly dragged his fingernails across my pussy. I thought I was going to explode. I moaned loudly into the phone. I couldn’t hold it in.

“Susan? Are you okay?” he asked, alarmed by the sound. The tenderness in his voice was surprising to me.

“I’m fine!”

“Susan, I don’t-”

“Listen to me! You are going to come to my place, and you are going to punish me! Understand?”

A pause. Somehow, this silence was different than the awkward one with Sam. This was one of those sinister silences, the ones that filled you with dread right before the monster jumped out and killed you. “I understand, Susan. I’m looking forward to it.”

I hung up and dropped the phone. I didn’t trust any of my extremities at this point.

“Good girl,” Darryl said, his hand still on my leg and crotch. “I know that wasn’t easy. You deserve a reward.” Then, without ceremony, he stuck a finger in.

I screamed. Cum squirted out of me, covering his hand. He laughed, pulling his finger out. “Man, Suzie! I didn’t realize that you’d get so turned on by this.”

“I’m not...turned on...you piece of...garbage,” I said, breathless. My arms hung by my handcuffs like a limp puppet. My legs had no strength. I could feel the cum dripping down the insides of my thighs and depositing in a pool on the shower floor near my legs. It was disgusting.

“Call me what you will, but I got to say, I’m loving this already.” He took a step back, pointing his phone at my cum-covered legs. *Click*

He turned to wash his hands in the sink. When he turned around, his face was filled with that insufferable grin. “Wow. I’m already so excited about this, Suzie. If you’ve already gotten off on it before we’ve even started, then I can’t wait to see what kind of fun the four of us can have once we really get going.”

Crap.


Part 5: The Spankings -The boys begin Susan's torment with an assault on her butt.

“I’m going to wait outside for the boys to let them in,” Darryl said. “You just wait here. Holler if you need anything.”

I tried to think of an insult, but I couldn’t come up with anything.

Darryl grinned at my growing inability to fight back and disappeared outside of the bathroom.

As I hung there, I found it hard to be angry. Instead...I was just tired. Darryl was breaking me down, but I couldn’t give him that satisfaction. I needed to be strong. I hoped beyond hope that Darryl would let me down soon. Maybe this was just a prank. He’d bring the two boys over, they’d have a good laugh about my predicament, and then go home.

Considering the weakness in my legs, I couldn’t quite convince myself that that was what Darryl had in mind.

I heard voices, and I tensed, pulling against my restraints. My heart pounded as I grew desperate. Maybe I could slip my hands out or break the curtain rod or—

“Wow. I really thought you were joking,” Sam said. He stepped in front of me, drinking all of me in. Suddenly, I wished very much that I hadn’t invited Sam. I didn’t care about him ogling me and he and I hooking up later. I didn’t want him to see me at all, not like this. Restrained and vulnerable. The other two stepped in, all three of them looking at me like a display in a museum.

First up in our collection of Susan’s body parts: Her pussy!

“Nope. Buck-naked in the shower,” Darryl said.

Alex just stood there, staring at my tits like a shark smelling blood. “And...she wants us to punish her?”

Next are here lovely breasts. See her nipples? That’s perfection right there.

I wanted to melt, go down the drain, and disappear. Anything to get the three pair of eyes looking at me. I know I said I had the perfect body, but I was beginning to think of anything and everything that could be considered a flaw. The blasted handcuffs made it impossible to cover anything.

“Oh, absolutely,” Darryl said. “After all...she deserves it.”

“Good,” Alex said. He reached over and pinched a nipple. I held in a moan. Shoot, that felt really good, the sensation was intensified by the complete vulnerability I was in.

Sam was looking at my legs. “Is that...cum?”

Darryl grinned. “Yes, it is. She and I had some fun before calling you two.”

Alex leered at me. “I want in on some of that.”

“Please...” I said. I was shocked at the timidity in my voice. “Just give me a towel. Look at my breasts and do whatever you want but let me just cover up my bottom half. I’ll do anything.”

“Fat chance,” Alex said.

Darryl held up his hand. “What will you give us, Suzie? Make us an offer.”

I realized I didn’t have anything in mind. I don’t think I expected Darryl to actually entertain the idea. I had the thought to offer each of them a blowjob, but I couldn’t bring myself to actually say that. “Umm...I’ll let you spank me?”

“Hmm...we were going to do that regardless. That’s not really a card you can play, Suzie. You’re going to be completely naked, head to toe, throughout all of this. That’s not really negotiable.”

My heart fell.

“Please...”

Darryl reached down and slapped my crotch.

I whimpered, barely keeping in a groan, pleasure roaring inside me. I didn’t want to cum a second time, and especially not in front of the other two.

“Let’s get you turned around. For your well-deserved spanking."

Hands reached up, unlocking my handcuffs, turning me around, and then handcuffing me again. As they did, plenty of hands explored my body, touching my back, stomach, and even my thighs. Every brush near my pussy was torture, and I had to stop myself from moaning multiple times.



Instead of handcuffing each wrist separately to the curtain rod like I had been, they handcuffed my two wrists behind my back together in the traditional position and then used the second handcuff to bind the restraint in the middle to the shower curtain. This forced me to raise up my arms behind me and stick out my butt. The awkward position was also quite painful from having to stretch my arms all the way back, a fact that I’m sure Darryl was very aware of.

The fact that I now couldn’t see the three boys was even worse. Yes, my breasts and pussy were no longer facing them, but not being able to know what they were doing was pure agony.

“Sam? Would you like to start us off?”

“Sure.” He sounded excited. I felt my heart drop a little further. Without Kyle, Sam had been my only hope at someone advocating for me in my humiliation. But it sounded like he was just as excited as the other two, and I knew then that I was truly doomed.

I waited for the first spank. I was tense, and I’m sure I was giving the boys quite a show with my clenched buttocks and twisting arms.

I waited, the agony of anticipating that first strike almost worse than an actual spank.

I jumped as I felt hands reach around me, not expecting the soft touch of fingers. Sam’s fingers curled under my armpits and grabbed my breasts. He fondled them and then moved to my nipples, flicking them with his fingers.

*Spank*

I shrieked, instinctively trying to reach down with my arms to cover my butt, but of course, I couldn’t. He pulled me back, pressing me against his erection. He let go for a moment, rubbing my butt cheeks and kneading them like he did my breasts. He pulled them close and then wide, exposing my privates to him and the others for a moment.

*Spank*

I tried to do everything I could not to react. But a gasp and a soft moan escaped my lips. Sam’s hands on my butt were replaced by Alex’s, who then reached up to give my breasts and nipples the same treatment as Sam’s.

*Spank*

Darryl’s turn.

“Look at how they jiggle! It’s cute!”

I could feel it, too, my butt jiggling at each strike like a plate of Jell-o.

*Spank*

The boys got into a rhythm, each taking turns spanking me and groping me before moving aside for the next person. With the three of them alternating, they were able to achieve distinct spankings at a much more rapid pace than any one of them alone. The rapid pace was too much for me to recover adequately from each strike, and soon I was gasping for breath.

Distantly, in the part of my mind that was still functioning, I started to notice a pattern in their punishment. Both Darryl and Sam were spanking me higher up, closer to my waist. It didn’t hurt as much, but I knew from experience that that would create the greatest redness on my skin for the amount of pain inflicted. Alex was much less strategic, opting to simply inflict the most pain possible. I found myself dreading his strike the most, every third strike without fail.

I’ve heard of torture stories where someone would have a drop of water hit him every couple of seconds, and the unrelenting nature of it was enough to drive him insane. I felt like that person now, except the relentless and never-ending spankings hurt much worse than waterdrops. This continued for what felt like hours.

The spanking stopped, but I could hardly tell. My butt was burning with pain, stinging like bee stings. I knew it had to be very red and raw, perfectly on display.

"Grab her cheeks and spread them."

Fingers touched my skin, and I nearly jumped, instinctively expecting another spanking. Even the slightest touch burned after the abuse they gave my buttInstead, the fingers pulled, and I could feel my butt cheeks being spread wide, exposing everything.

*Click*

"I think she’s crying,” Sam said.

I sniffed, realizing he was right. I didn’t remember starting. Tears and snot covered my face, and I could still feel the sticky cum clinging to my legs and crotch. I felt disgusting. I heard someone step over the barrier. I looked up just as Darryl grabbed a bundle of my hair and yanked, so I was looking right at him.

He said nothing, because his eyes said everything he need to.

I am going to break you. And I’m going to enjoy this.

Darryl grinned and looked at the other two. "Well, I would consider that a success, boys,” he said. “What’s next?”

What’s next!?


Part 6: The Ride -The boys decide on the next phase of Susan's humiliation, and they take a ride.

“I’ve got an idea,” Sam said.

I didn’t like that tone. Whatever it was, it couldn’t be good.

“There’s a party going on at Greg’s place, another one of Susan’s exes. I was going to invite her right when she called...” He paused, and I could imagine him taking a moment to look at all of me, from my bare back to my butt, then to the tips of my toes. “...but I don’t think she’ll need an invitation.”

The boys were silent as what Sam was suggesting sunk in.

“I like it,” Alex said.

“Wait,” I said, my throat suddenly very dry, and my heart rate quickened. It felt like it was going to burst through my bare chest. “You said you wouldn’t embarrass me publicly if I played along.”

“I didn’t say that. What I did say was I wouldn’t put those pictures on the front page of the school’s newspaper. What people do at that party is up to them.”

“That’s not—”

“Shut it.” Someone—I'm assuming Alex—slapped my butt cheeks, hard. I squealed, the pain almost too much. I fell silent.

“Good girl.”

“Tell you what, Suzie. We’re going to go to that party, but we’ll tie you up and put a bag over your head so people won’t know who you are. How does that sound?”

How does that sound? I thought incredulously. What kind of a deal was that?

I realized, however, that I wasn’t in a position to negotiate anything better. Besides, maintaining some form of anonymity was the only way I was going to keep any shred of dignity. And I knew that if I tried to argue, Darryl would just change the conditions and make it worse.

“I...I guess that sounds good.”

“Great,” Darryl said. Even though I couldn’t see it, I could imagine the grin on his face. “Alex, go into her room and grab a black pillowcase, and some shoestring.”

I heard footsteps behind me go into the hallway and presumably towards my room.

“What’s with the panties?” Sam asked when Alex returned.

“I thought we should gag her. You know, in case she tries to ask for help.”

“Good idea.”

“What? No!”

The thought of being gagged was terrifying. With my limbs rendered useless, my words were the only thing I had to protect myself. I would be completely and totally helpless.

“Please don’t, I just—hmmffh!” Hands grabbed my hair, pulled my head back, and shoved blue-yellow panties into my mouth. Pressure. The hands released me. My panties were snugly tied around my head, completely stripping my ability to speak.

Next, the pillowcase, followed quickly by the shoestring wrapped around my neck. It was tied snugly enough that I couldn’t just throw it off with my head, but not so tight as to cut off my air flow.

“I’ve got another idea,” Sam said.

Great. What was it now?

“Make her wear her shoes.”

“Mmff!” was all I could say. Sam knew I had a thing about wearing shoes without clothes. I felt sooo naked with them on and nothing else.

After a minute, I felt shoes being pulled on over my wet feet. I whimpered, desperately wanting to do anything to cover myself. I would’ve done anything, but, of course, my ability to negotiate at all was gone.

I felt my hands freed from the handcuffs. I thought about trying to run, but it was pointless. I was blind and surrounded by the boys. Where would I even go? Run out into the streets in the nude?

Any hope for an escape was quashed when I felt handcuffs wrapped around my wrists again, behind my back. The second pair of handcuffs went around my shins. I couldn’t run, I couldn’t use my hands, I couldn’t do anything.

Hands wrapped around my midsection and I was slung across someone’s shoulder. I began to suspect why Darryl permitted the bag. Yes, it protected my identity, but it also cut my visibility by 95%.

I heard a door open, and we were outside. The air was much colder than I remembered it being that morning. Whoever was holding me shifted me on his shoulder like a bag of rice I could hear cars going up and down the street next to the university, and I started to panic. Could people see me from their cars? My humiliation was becoming more real by the second. Inside my bathroom was one thing, but now I was out in public.

More walking. A car door opening.

“I’ll drive,” Sam said. “Get in.”

I heard the other two scramble in.

Sam grabbed my head and pushed me down into the car like a policeman.

I was stretched across the entirety of the back seat with my front facing up. I realized that was lying on the laps of Darryl and Alex, and I could feel both of their erections through their pants. My shoes dangled over someone’s lap.

“Wait,” Darryl said. “Sam, get a picture of her like this.”

“Hmmf!”

I heard him get out and open the back door. I could have raised my legs or done something to cover my legs, but I couldn’t find the will to do anything except to simply lay there and surrender to the fact that there was nothing I could do to stop him.

*Click*

As the car started, Alex and Darryl began to touch my body with their hands with abandon. Not just my breasts and pussy, but my stomach, sides, legs, and neck, too. I realized that after my very intimate spanking and with me being completely bound and even blindfolded, they had no qualms with completely exploring every inch of my body.

Occasionally, one of them would reach underneath me and pinch my butt, eliciting a groan of pain and pleasure. I wasn’t going to be able to sit for days. Fingers would glide up my chest, tug at my sternum, and then creep through the cleavage between my breasts. A few times, even, one of them slapped the side of one of my breasts, laughing at how it jiggled.

I would writhe every time one of them came close to my pussy. Upon discovering this, Alex made sure to focus his efforts primarily on my lower regions, though he and Darryl never penetrated me. Several times he would grab my leg and spread it to touch the crease between my leg and pubic mound. He even tugged on the hair near my privates, a move he knew I enjoyed. It took everything not to screech at his touch. After only a couple of minutes, I was having a hard time breathing, each assault taking the wind out of me.

After what felt like an eternity—a whole ten minutes of groping—the car stopped, and the engine turned off.

“We’re here,” Sam said. “Let’s party.”

Holy crap. 


Part 7: The Final Humiliation -The boys bring Susan to the party, and her humiliation is completed.

Hands grabbed at my shoulders, pulling me partway out of the car before grabbing my waist and pulling me out on my feet.

I could hear people talking and laughing. With the darkness of the night and the pillowcase over my head, I couldn’t see a thing.

I waited for one of them to put me over their shoulders and walk inside. Instead, they started to walk, two of them holding my arms behind my back. I yelped as I was suddenly off-balance. The arms pulled me back on my feet. As they continued walking, I started to jump to keep up, very aware my jiggling tits and butt cheeks.

My shoes plopped on the sidewalk with each bounce, and I was worried about falling flat on my face.

Really? That’s what you’re worried about? How about the fact that you’re about to walk into a freaking party buck-naked? Worried about that at all?

The cold air was replaced with the warm air of a heater, and I could light through my mostly opaque head covering. I was inside.

“Whoa!”

“Dude, she’s naked!”

“Who is that?”

I blushed, suddenly somewhat grateful for the covering. This was a thousand times worse than anything the boys could do to me in the bathroom. I imagined cameras and videos going off and capturing this moment for years. I imagined my faceless body plastered across the college campus. I should have just let Darryl put the pictures in the school newspaper. Which, I realized, he might still do.

“Come on,” Darryl said, grabbing me and pulling me forward. “Let’s get you that attention you always wanted.”

He pulled me about 50 feet through a hallway and into what I was pretty sure was a large center room. The room was dead quiet, but I could hear the pattering of more people coming to gather around me, like a mob gathering to witness a public execution.

Darryl lifted me up onto something about a foot off the ground. A coffee table?

“Kneel.”

I began to, but not being able to shift my feet or use my hands for balance was difficult. Darryl, seeing my predicament, grabbed me, lifted me up again and folded my legs underneath me, and then deposited me like a stuffed bear. His price for his assistance was a slap to the butt. I moaned without thinking. Realizing that I had just done in front of everyone made me blush underneath the pillowcase.

“Sit up,” Darryl said.

I straightened my back and realized how much of my pussy I was exposing, completely stretched out by my position. With my butt on my shoes, it gave me like a half-centimeter of height. Not much, but enough to make me feel even more exposed, and the feel of rubber on my bare butt only served to emphasize my nakedness.

I could imagine a hundred cameras going off and immortalizing my body. I realized that it didn’t matter what Darryl’s threats were. My pictures may as well be plastered all over campus with the amount of public exposure I was experiencing. The only thing that protected me was the black pillowcase and some shoestring.

“Would anyone like to come up and touch her?”

What? The boys touching me was one thing, but total strangers that I couldn’t even see?

Hands pushed and poked against my stomach and breasts with no finesse or consideration, and I moaned against my gag. Someone started touching my butt, giving me a few slaps and laughing at my squeals. At one point, I counted what I thought were five or six hands on me. The extra height of the coffee table combined with my kneeling made it much easier for others to touch me in places that I wasn’t used to, like the top of my rib cage or my collarbone. Someone was groping my breast while at the same tome someone was stroking their fingers through my hair.

“Look how wet she is!” It was a girl’s voice. It sounded familiar. I realized with horror that it was Lily on the soccer team. She was one of my best friends, and I couldn’t bear the thought of her seeing me like this. Again, I held to the assurance that the pillowcase held only by shoestring protected me from ultimate humiliation.

“Alright, time to step this up,” Darryl said. His hand touched my stomach, his whole hand flatted on my skin. I shuddered as he slid his hand down like a snake. I screamed into my gag as he inserted a finger into my pussy, pushing further and further with greater penetration than I had ever experienced.

I nearly fell off the coffee table as the orgasm overtook me. I shook violently, groaning and moaning with any thought of who was watching.

Hands grabbed me and laid me on my side, my pussy facing towards the onlooker. My orgasm climaxed, and I heard people gasp as I felt cum squirt out of me and drip onto the table.

“Ew,” I heard someone say. I realized it was Lily. “I can’t believe she did that.”

“You want to see it again?” Darryl asked.

Quiet affirmations from the group.

Oh, crap. Please no.

The pressure on my wrists released. My hands were free. Immediately, My hands flew to cover myself, one over my breasts and the other over my crotch.

“No, no covering,” Darryl said. He pulled my arms to the side. “Go on,” he said. “Masturbate in front of all of your fans.”

What? Cum three times in an hour and a half? There was no way.

That was Darryl’s plan, I realized. Make me so dry I would have to spend several long, humiliating minutes touching myself in front of everyone.

I wanted desperately to end this horrible night.

I spread my legs—giving quite a view to my audience, I’m sure—and plunged my fingers into my pussy while stroking my tits with the other. Immediately, the urge to cum returned. Crap, what was wrong with me? I’ve never cummed so often in such a short amount of time. Was I really so turned on by this? A normal person wouldn’t be able to cum so fast after what had just happened. And I was doing it in front of literally everyone!

It’s okay, I thought, trying to hold on to even the smallest shred of hope. No one knew it was me.

“Come on!” someone shouted.

“We’re waiting for you to squirt!”

“Slut! Whore!”

I continued stroking myself without abandon, trying anything to get myself to orgasm while groaning and moaning the entire time. A minute passed. Two minutes. Three. I could feel it, right on the edge, but the dam had yet to burst.

“Looks like she’s having some trouble,” Darryl said. “Here, let me help.”

He pulled my hand away from my pussy. I resisted. I was too far. I had to finish, no matter how humiliating it was.

A pause. I felt Darryl kneel down and lean forward.

I felt something wet enter my pussy. Darryl was licking me! I shrieked into my gag as I felt his tongue drag up my slit like sandpaper, flicking inside of me like the forked tongue of a snake. Despite what he told me, I tried to resist the oncoming orgasm, but it was like trying to stop a boulder with a piece of paper. I collapsed in ecstasy as my leg spasmed uncontrollably, screaming into my panty-gag.

In the haze of recovering from the mind-shattering orgasm, I couldn’t think straight I felt the shoestring around my neck loosen. My body was too spent to resist. I had just enough lucidity to scream into my gag, “No!” just as the pillowcase was lifted off my head.

*Click* 
