"I like Ryan, he's fun." Elunara sat on the platform, happily sketching beside Susan.
"Do you have a new toy to play with?" Susan giggled.
"Ah, sister of mine, you know me too well."
"This seems like a flip from how he started out." Susan added detail to her painting, dipping her brush in her cup as she went along.
"Yeah, well, he's coming around to my side." Elunara grinned up at her sister. "At least, he's surviving the brunt of me."
"You'll bring him around. I'm certain of it."
On the other side of the yard, Ryan found Mark. "Why didn't you tell me she was Tyrande Whisperwind's daughter?"
Mark cocked his head to the side. "So I missed a detail." He shrugged. "None of us really think about it much anymore."
"By the light! Daughter Tyrande, wife of the High King... you really got me into a mess, sir."
"What mess?" Mark shook his head. "You needed help and I gave it to you. Anything after is your own doing. Now, get back to work, you're sloppy and whiny, a poor combination."
As Ryan scrambled to get back in formation, Mark made his way over to the platform.
Looking up from her board, Elunara grinned at Mark. "What's up, doll?"
"That Ryan is starting to grate on my nerves."
"Is he still on me? Poor boy, I think I'm getting under his skin." She tapped a pencil to her board. "Don't worry about him. He'll come around. Once the migraine fades."
"Are you sure? You know we don't keep detractors around here."
"Oh, stop." With a stretch and a wiggle, she sighed. "I told you back in Draenor, I don't need protecting. Besides, he's lusting at me now. The feeling of disgust abates every day. Soon, he'll be just another one of my little worshippers." She twiddled her fingers at Mark. "Go do General stuff."
"I trust my goddess." He ducked his head.
"Oh, don't. You'll embarrass us both."
Days later, Elunara opened up to the knock on the door. She blinked at the woman on her porch.
Her tear stained cheeks and stiffened spine was matched by a quivering lip. "You have to stop, or you have to let her go."
Elunara blinked. "What?"
"You have to stop, or you have to let her GO!" The woman repeated, with more force.
"What do I have to stop, and who are you talking about?"
"You..." Fresh tears streamed down her face. "You have to stop cheating on Tulani. You have to..."
"Carla?" Elunara shook her head. "Oh, you poor girl. You have no idea what you're talking about." With a sigh, she stepped to the side. "Come inside and let's talk."
"No! I don't want to."
"Do you want to stand on my porch, where anyone can see you in the state you're in? Come on, sweetheart, we should talk."
After a brief look around and a sniffle, Carla finally nodded and stepped inside. She wrapped her arms around herself. "Why? Just answer me why." Sniffling, she flopped down on the couch. "Tulani is the sweetest, most wonderful woman I've ever met, and here you cheat on her at every turn."
"It's not cheating if all partners agree."
"That's a lie!"
Elunara sighed. "Maybe that was the wrong way to start this. Sweetheart, I love my wife with my very soul. I'd never do anything to hurt her. We've been married for longer than you've been alive. Not because I hold her prisoner, but because we love each other. Words cannot express how much I love my sweet and beautiful wife. I have seen the parts of her that you cannot. I know her as no one else could."
"Then why?" Carla wiped her eyes on her sleeve.
Elunara held out a handkerchief. "Because we love each other. When I first met Tulani, I was still new to this whole emotion thing. I barely thought I could love the man I was with, let alone this poor woman who had been through so much. She knew what I was, and I could only guess at what she felt. We fell in love in the most unconventional way. Me, a whore that could not keep her legs closed, and her, a soft spoken, strong willed survivor of the ultimate horror. We shouldn't have worked at all."
"What happened to her?"
"Has she never told you?"
"N-no. I mean, I know that she was from Draenor, and she says you saved her..."
"Oh, sweetheart, you know nothing of the woman you claim to love." Elunara sighed and sat in the chair in front of Carla. "On Tulani's nineteenth birthday, she was taken by slavers and sold into the sex slave trade. They beat her, raped her, and destroyed her body."
"Oh, Gods." Carla whispered.
"Let me tell you about Tulani, her torment, and her salvation, and maybe you'll understand."
Hours later, Carla buried her face into the handkerchief. "I never knew."
"And now you do." Elunara's voice was quiet and reflective. "I owe Tulani just as much as she owes me. But we don't see it that way. There are no checks and balances in our relationship. It's just me and her. Yes, I married three men; yes I still perform sexual favors on other men and some women. But that doesn't mean anything to what Tulani and I have. She loves me because of who I am, not because of who I could be. The same goes for her. Carla, sweetheart, she loves you like a child, maybe a friend at the best. You could never be what she wants or needs."
"I... I have to go." Carla jumped up and ran for the door. Outside, she looked around to orient herself and blindly took off in the direction of her house. She slammed into a hard surface and fell forward in a tangle of limbs. They hit the ground together.
"Are you alright?" The man managed.
"Forgive me, I wasn't looking." Carla sat up and brushed her hair out of her face.
"You're crying." He whispered. He took off a glove and wiped the tears from her cheek. "Are you alright?"
"Yes. No. I... I don't know any more." Burying her face in her hands she started to cry again. She shook from the force of it.
"Hey, hey, stop. It'll be ok." He wrapped his arms around her. "Look, let me help you home."
"Alright." She sniffled. "I'm sorry, I'm such a mess." Wiping her eye, she tried to smile at the man. He was kind of cute. "My name's Carla."
"I'm Ryan. I'm new here, so you'll have to lead the way."
"A-alright. I live this way." She gestured as she stood up. Together, they walked.
"May I ask why you're crying?" He took her arm into his and smiled down at her.
Shaking her head, she sighed. "Not really. I have humiliated myself twice already. I care not to do it again."
Ryan nodded. "I know how that goes. Everywhere I step, I seem to piss someone else off lately."
"Oh, but you're so nice!"
"Nice and ignorant." He laughed. "It seems I have to learn how this city works before I can be properly accepted."
"I don't know what that means."
He shrugged. "It's not something that can be explained in polite company. Especially not in front of a beautiful lady such as yourself." He kissed the back of her hand.
Blushing deeply, Carla looked away. "That's alright, I've lived here all of my life, and I still don't understand some of the things that go on here."
"Then we are equals." Ryan smiled down at her.
"Oh! Um, here is my house." She gestured to the building.
"I'll see you to the door, then."
The door broke open and Carla's father stood there. "Oh, thank goodness! I was so worried."
"Oh, Papa." Carla sighed and tugged her skirt up as she ascended the stairs. "There's nothing to worry about."
"Locking yourself in your room for days, and then you run out of the house as if the Legion itself is on your heels. I have a right to..." He stopped and blinked at Ryan. "Hello. And who is this?"
"Papa, this is Ryan. He helped me home." She stopped and looked at Ryan fully for the first time. "I guess he's a soldier."
Ryan chuckled. "That I am. I'm just a recruit for now. I hope to make the ranks, if I don't get myself kicked out. I ran into poor Carla by accident. My mind was elsewhere. I hope she forgives me."
"Why ever would you be kicked out?" She blinked at him.
"Like we were discussing, I keep humiliating myself."
"You poor thing."
Carla's father blinked back and forth between the pair. Finally, he put a fist to his mouth and cleared his throat. "Carla, aren't you going to invite the young man in for tea?"
Inwardly, Carla groaned, she recognized the twinkle in her father's eye. "Ryan, would you care for tea?"
"Never drink the stuff." He shrugged. "If you have... Oh, shoot." Unconsciously, he put a hand to Carla's arm. "I completely forgot my appointment. I'm sorry; I'll have to pass today. Be well, Carla." He jogged off.
"Now, there's an eligible gentleman." Carla's father wiggled his eyebrows.
"Oh, Papa. Not now. I just can't take it right now." She fled to the safety of her room.
He stood on the porch for a few more moments, debating, before turning back into the house.
Ryan ran all the way down to Elunara's house. Taking a deep breath, he knocked on the door.
She yanked open the door. "You're late."
"I'm sorry, please forgive me. I had to escort someone home."
She eyed him. "You're lucky you're a short one. Come in. If you run over, I'll shove you out the door; I don't care your state."
He winced. "That's not... That's not why I came."
"If you have more questions, I might strangle you."
"I want one of your portraits to send my mother."
She blinked at him. "Oh. Well, then. Let me change my board." Snatching her board off of the couch, she went back into the library.
Out of curiosity, he followed her. "Is this all yours?"
"I wrote all of it, yes."
"May I read it sometime?"
"Sure. Anyone who asks is welcome to read them. I just have a few rules of handling and acquisition."
"What's in all of them?" He followed her back into the main area.
"My life. In fact, if you're going to be so curious, you should read them. It'll save me from your constant questions." She winked.
"Forgive me. I'm just trying to get to the truth of you."
She sat on the couch and began her sketches. "Oh, sweetheart, you'll never have it all. Besides, even my husbands find me difficult to understand some days. They just roll with it."
Days later, a knock on the door had Elunara pausing in her work. Opening the door, she smiled at the woman on her porch. "How can I help you?"
The woman fidgeted in place and twiddled her fingers. "Ina sent me here; she told me you might be able to help me with a personal problem."
"Come in." Elunara gestured back behind her, stepping out of the way. "What seems to be the problem?" She flipped her signs and closed the door.
"Well... Ina said you had a specialty that maybe only you can help me with." She continued to fiddle with her fingers nervously.
"Honey, my house is a safe house. Please relax and tell me what bothers you so I may start to understand. Perhaps your name?"
"Oh, sorry, it's Nellie." She sat on the couch and picked at the fabric of her skirt. "Can you... well, it's just..."
"Calm breaths." Elunara sat down in the chair. "Deep, calming breath. I won't judge, I've been asked some strange things in the past, it takes a lot to shock me."
Nellie took a deep breath and held it for several moments. "It hurts when I have sex." She blurted.
"Is that so?" Elunara reached for her board and began to take notes. "Is it his form? Does he try to play with you first? I need details so that I may help you better."
Nellie shrugged and blushed. "Well, he does... I mean he's very sweet and he tries so hard, but... well I can't seem to..." She gestured with a hand. "Get in to it. I mean..." She continued to gesture as if searching for words.
"I have a number of books that I have developed for couples that want to spice up their sex lives. I have a good beginner book that shows some very tame and basic steps..."
"I'm dry." Nellie blurted. She blushed and tugged at her skirt. "No matter what he tries. I mean, he uses his fingers and that hurts too. I mean, the only time it's not bad is when he... well, he..." She blushed again.
"It's just us here, and I'm not judging anything. Let me help you by telling me every detail."
"Uses his mouth... down there."
"Oral sex is very pleasing and I think healthy in a relationship. Don't be embarrassed, Sweetie."
"Well, he does this interesting thing with his tongue..." Nellie blushed and buried her face in her hands.
"I see. And this is the only way you have pleasure?"
"Yes." Nellie bit her lip. "For the longest time I thought it was normal, but then I overheard... well the things I hear... I mean... about you and others..."
"Sex is about pleasure, and should always be about pleasure, when it hurts, something is wrong. Either your partner isn't doing his job right, or there's a deeper issue." Elunara nodded.
"I went to Ina, since she is a healer, but she heard my words and said you would be a better source of help." She stared at her skirt.
"Do you mind if I examine you?"
Nellie's head shot up. "What?"
Elunara held up her hands. "I am the next best thing to a healer. I have priest abilities and I have spent my life studying the body and all of its secrets. I am also a woman and of no threat to you or your body. The best way for me to help you is to examine you and figure out what is wrong."
"Oh, but only my husband has seen... all of me."
"Please. Let me help you. You want to enjoy your husband, do you not?"
Nellie hesitated. "Yes." She finally said. "I want to enjoy sex with my husband."
"Then please take off your skirt and lay it to the side. I want to examine your body and find out if I can help you get the wetness you need."
"Will... will it hurt?"
"I'll do my best not to. However, my exam will be thorough and if your husband hurts entering you, then I might cause the same discomfort."
"Oh." Nellie was shaky as she stood up. Her hands shook as she tugged down her skirt, and laid it to the side. "Where do you want me?"
Elunara stood up and popped a lever on the couch and made a bed. Shifting another lever, she shifted a slat so that an opening was formed "Lay here, honey. Let's have a look."
"What is this thing?" Nellie marveled.
"My delightful fuck couch." Elunara grinned. "I designed it for full functionality of being fucked senseless in as many ways as I can get. If you lay here and put your legs like so, I can examine your parts and you won't have to hold your legs up for too long, you can be in complete comfort."
"Wow... ok..." Nellie climbed on to the couch as instructed. "Ok, it is kind of comfortable."
Elunara held up her hands. "Can you see me?"
"Yes."
"Alright, I'm going to use my hands, ok?"
"Alright." Nellie bit her lip and scrunched her eyes closed.
"Relax, breathe, feel. That's my motto. Repeat it to yourself while I work, ok?"
"Relax, breathe, feel. Relax, breathe feel." Nellie began to chant.
Careful of where she put her hands, Elunara ran her fingers down the inside of Nellie's thighs. "You feel me?"
"Yes." Nellie shivered.
Elunara moved her fingers down and brushed against the soft hairs, examining the outside, she noticed no real difference. With her thumbs, she began to rub the outside of the other woman's folds. The woman was dry and soft, tugging at the edges with one hand, Elunara opened her up and eyed the woman. The clit and inner folds were the same as any other woman Elunara had examined. Nellie gasped, but continued to chant. Channeling a glow Elunara frowned slightly. There was no wetness like she had seen in other examinations.
"I'm going in, sweetie, ok?"
"O-ok."
With one finger, Elunara pressed inside and frowned at the woman's whimper. "I'm sorry, but I have to check."
"It's fine." Nellie whimpered.
Elunara pressed further in and was unhappy to discover how dry the poor woman was. "I'm sorry." She repeated, pulling out carefully. "I want to try something."
"Something?" Nellie tried to look up at Elunara.
"I have a toy that I and a friend of mine jointly invented." Elunara dug in her drawer and pulled out a small toy. Lighting the runes, it began to softly hum.
"What is that?"
"I call it a vibrator. I'm going to use it on you for a moment, see if we can't get you a little turned on, ok?"
"O-ok. I-I guess so."
"Just imagine it's your husband." Elunara pressed it to the woman's outer folds and began to rub it up and down. Nellie gasped and clung to the couch, she clinched and flexed, her hips moving up and down. Gently, Elunara moved it up and pushed it against Nellie's clit and watched her gasp. "Does that feel good?
"Yes!" Nellie gasped. Suddenly her knees clamped together and she called out.
Elunara pulled the toy away and grinned. "How was that?"
"Please tell me you sell those." Nellie shivered. "I've never felt like that before."
"Never had an orgasm?" Elunara eyed the woman's crotch.
"Is that what that was?"
Gently pulling the folds open again, Elunara ran a finger along the edge. You have a very tiny amount of moisture. I'm going in again."
"Oh, must you? I felt so good."
"I have to see." Elunara pushed a finger in.
This time Nellie frowned. "It doesn't hurt so much now."
Elunara tugged her finger out. "You're wet, but barely. I think you need more help than I can give."
"Oh, but what will I do?"
Elunara stood up. "I have an idea, but I need an alchemist. Let me make some contacts and get back to you."
Nellie sat up on the couch. "Must they know?"
"No one has to know a thing we discussed, sweetie. I will keep your name out of it. But I know an alchemist that might be able to make a potion for me. Leave me your contact information and when I have a solution I will find you. Then we can work with you and your husband and make sex beautiful for you."
Nellie patted her hair. "Thank you so much." She blushed. "Meanwhile, where can I get one of those... things?"
"You know, I never took the time to make more of them. Perhaps there's a market I haven't explored." Elunara winked. "I'll let you know if I make more."