Chapter Four - Max's Kansas City

In the place up above you grow feather wings
and you fly round and round, 
With a harp singing hymns. 

Max's Kansas City was easy to find, harder to get into. It took some of Dru's mental mojo to get them out of the queue and into the club. It was a place Spike would have loved to just hang out in. Beautiful people crammed into every brightly lit available space. It was obviously a place to see and been seen. These were the beautiful people, dressed to kill. It was like being let loose in a fine wine cellar, so many fine vintages it was hard to decide where to begin. The music thrummed through them, already capturing Dru. Her lean body wriggled to the wild music's beat. Spike had spotted Janis Joplin within moments of being inside, at least he thought it was her.

"I should get away from you two before Grimshaw spots you with me," Darla said. "I'll be over there with. is that Andy Warhol?" Darla pointed to a strange-looking pale-haired man.

"Knock yourself out," Spike said, watching a blonde saunter by with breasts large enough to provide shade for a small child. Dru followed his gaze and viciously pinched his side. Spike yelped.

Dru wagged a finger at him, "Naughty boy."

"Sorry pet. I'm a bad man." Spike caressed her breast.

Dru peeled his fingers away. "Very."

Spike snorted but tried to turn his attention back to her. He didn't need Dru throwing a fit and queering the deal. Dru appeared mollified though after he danced her out into the center of the dance floor. Dru loved to dance. He did as well, especially to the slow stuff, touching as much as possible. The danger of dancing with Dru was everything ceased to exist but her. They nearly missed Grady puffing by, a girl on each arm, neither of whom matched Darla's description of Sunflower.

Spike gave Dru's firm butt a pat. "You're on, love."

Spike edged off the dance floor, watching Dru thread through the crowd after Grady whose caftan made him look like a circus tent on legs. He spotted Darla and waved a hand at her, the lace cuffs on his sleeves flapping. He was going to stake Darla for this insult to his manhood despite the fact there were at least a dozen morons in Edwardian outfits in the club. Spike slowly went after Dru but not closely enough to alert Grimshaw.

Dru wrinkled her nose. She had no idea how the women on Grimshaw's arm could stand it. He had a peculiar body odor that made her eyes water. She forced herself ahead of Grimshaw and his women. Grimshaw noticed her. Dru felt a cold shiver running up her spine as his small eyes studied her, leaving her feeling naked and for once, it didn't feel good. It reminded her of how Angelus made her feel before he gave her his special kiss. The memory made her eyes cloud over with tears.

"Such a sad face. That will never do in a happy place like this," Grimshaw said, touching Dru's cheek.

She startled. She had been so distracted by her pain that she hadn't seen him slip his entourage and approach her. She looked into those piggy eyes, trying not to shudder. She didn't want in his mind but she wanted that book. She wanted to make Spike happy by getting it. More importantly she wanted to see the powerful spells for herself. There might be something she could use. Dru knew she was too scattered, to shattered to use most of it but there might be something she could do.

"I could sculpt you," Grimshaw said, shoving past his two girls who had caught back up to him. He led Dru to his reserved table. "You could be my masterpiece. Sit, please. What name did they bless you with?" His flabby lips pulled into a smile looking like two sausages twisted into a crescent.

Dru smiled. "Names aren't needed."

"So true." Grady looked at his other companions. "Go mingle, girls." Once they moved off he turned back to Dru. "Names are so limiting, so confining. We're so much more than that, more cosmic, more universal and connected."

"Yes, connected. Look into my eyes and we'll connect in ways you could only dream of. You'll be in me," Dru said, her voice low and hypnotic. She waved her fingers in front of her big blue eyes. The last thing she wanted was this man in her, near her, on the same planet as her but that book was worth her sacrifice.

Grimshaw stared at her and Dru felt herself slipping into him. She oozed her way into his sub consciousness feeling like she was being coated with filth. She'd be like a black pearl when she was done.

"Sunflower, I didn't expect you here so early," Grimshaw said, slowly, feeling dazed.

"Tell me, love. Where do we keep all our best possessions? Where are the magical books?" Dru asked carefully.

He patted her knee. "You know where we keep everything."

Dru moved her leg out of his way. "Tell me. We've been moving it remember? To keep it safe. Where is it?"

Grimshaw's porcine face screwed up. Dru felt him fighting. She pushed harder with her will. It was difficult. One wrong move and she could lobotomize him. No big loss but it wouldn't get her the book.

"It's where we always keep it in the brownstone."

"Grady!"

Both Dru and Grimshaw looked up. Behind her stood a tall blonde with ironed hair. She wore a black Bleecker Street A-line dress with gold trim around the neck waist and sleeves decorated with pink flowers and green leaves. The woman scowled down at Dru.

Grimshaw blinked rapidly, a puzzled expression worming into the lines on his face. "Sunflower?"

"Why are you telling our hiding places to a vampire?" Sunflower demanded to know.

Spike watched a very hot blonde heading toward Dru and Grimshaw. At first he thought she was another partier but she was moving too deliberately. She had an agenda. He studied her closely. She matched Darla's description of Sunflower. Out of the corner of his eye he saw movement. Darla was waving frantically. Something was wrong. He started pushing his way through the crowd. He saw Dru spin out of her seat, going for the blonde only she wasn't fast enough. The blonde was already in motion. She grabbed the bottle of wine off the table, smashed it and met Dru's charge with it. The glass tore through Dru's neck.

Spike's cry of 'Dru!' was drowned out by the generalized screams of the crowd reacting to the vicious stabbing. Pandemonium blossomed like a sickly flower. Spike found himself fighting against the flow of the stampeding throng. The short, lightweight vampire could barely make headway. Darla was cutting across more easily since she didn't have the front door to her back like Spike did.

Sunflower had Grimshaw up and trying to thread Grady through the swarm of partiers. Spike shoved thorough past Dru. The hole in her throat was terrible to see but it wouldn't kill her even if she was spilling blood at a horrifying rate. Sunflower seemed to sense she would not escape with Grady in tow. The fat man was unable to move through the crowd. Even in an open room he couldn't outrun Spike. He didn't have any convenient pots of scalding water to toss. Sunflower shoved Grady at Spike and took off.

Spike grabbed Grady by his oily ponytail. Rage flooded him. He could hear Darla screaming for him not to kill Grimshaw but it barely registered. Spike went to bite Grimshaw but the man's stench gagged him. He snapped Grimshaw's porky neck and let him fall into a quivering mass on the polished dance floor. Darla howled. Her fist hit Spike, knocking him halfway across the room.

"You idiot, how will we find the book now?" she bellowed.

"Go after his woman, you bint. She knows where it is," Spike snarled, or at least he hoped she did.

Disgusted at Spike and her own shortsightedness etched into Darla's face. She tore off after Sunflower. Spike picked himself up and raced over to Dru who was flailing against the well-meaning citizens who tried to administer first aid. Spike heard the scream of emergency vehicles getting closer as Dru attempted to speed her healing by drinking the blood off a buff young man, effectively scattering all her Good Samaritans. He grabbed her and tossed her over his shoulder in a sloppy fireman's carry, racing for the outside. His slick Chelsea heels slipped across the asphalt nearly spilling him on his backside. The pointy-toed boots pinched as he ran. He managed to get Dru back to the van and laid her on the back seat.

"Pet, are you all right?" He tore the lace jabot off his outfit and held it to her torn throat. The tissues were knitting together but it still oozed. "Can you stay here in the car until I find Darla?"

"It hurts, Spike," she moaned, grabbing his hand.

"I know baby. I know. I'll bring you her heart, I promise." Spike slammed the door and headed off in the direction he thought Darla went. He nearly collided with the blonde vampiress as she came careening around the building, looking like a Star Trek heroine looking for Kirk to save her.

"I lost her. She made it to her car." Darla's face was in vampire form, twisted by a very pissed off look. "The cops are all over the damn place. Let's get out of here. Where's Drusilla?"

"In the van."

Darla headed for the van saying nothing. Spike loped after her. He slid into the driver's seat and roared off.

"I can't believe you killed Grimshaw. Your temper has caused nothing but trouble since Dru made you, Spike," Darla said bitterly, thinking about the gypsies who had cursed Angelus. She could have cured him that night if Spike hadn't eaten the headman's entire family.

"The pretty flower knows.has the book," Dru said, her pale hand crawling over the front seat, reaching for Spike. Darla shoved her hand back over the edge.

"That's what I thought. She has to have some idea as to where the book is. Plus we have that tracing spell your buddy is working on," Spike said.

"That's no excuse, Spike," Darla grumbled, crossing her arms in front of her chest.

"The only excuse I need is in the back seat. Look what that bitch did to Dru," Spike growled, jerking a thumb over his shoulder at his wounded paramour.

Darla sighed angrily. "There is no undoing it. You had better hope that we can find Sunflower."

"Eyes in the sky, coming in with wings. Eyes riding the clouds here to kiss the flowers," Dru intoned, her voice barely more than a whisper.

"What the hell is she babbling about?" Darla looked over the back of her seat irritably.

"Eyes, Dru?" Spike asked.

"Sharp ones," she said definitively.

"Didn't you say there was a Watcher in the picture, Darla? I think he's entered play." In spite of himself, Spike grinned. Things just got interesting.