Virgins Interrupted at Nude Beach
bytoosalty©

Pt. 02

Sally was still laughing from the dick waving farewell she was honoured with by Frank and Roger back at the beach.

We bounced along the track, still nude, neither of us wanting to get dressed. Sally's young tits bouncing and jiggling as the Land Rover rocked and rolled back to civilisation. The rocking motion kept my unsatisfied cock semi hard as it slapped on my thighs and stomach.

"Sally, can we just stop for a minute, my balls are aching so much, I need relief?" I pleaded.

Sally, still coming down from the most intense orgasm she ever had, thought otherwise.

"Billy we need really get to my parents friend's place in the Seeker Valley before Mum and Dad turn up this evening, otherwise I will be in deep trouble. We left this morning and they were leaving after peak hour in the big smoke this afternoon. It would ruin a perfect day if they went into a rage and sent you home." Sally said, squashing my chances of a blow job in the bush.

We were nearing the end of the track, so I stopped, re inflated the tyres and we put on some clothing, which felt rough and hot on my chest and groin.

An hour later we arrived at the great farm where we would be staying. Sally was greeted like a beloved daughter by the owners and taken into the magnificent, classic homestead, built over 100 years ago. I was shown the worker's accommodation quite gruffly like I was an annoyance and told they had expected me earlier. They said they had 2 farm bikes, a quad bike and a tractor in the machinery shed waiting for my attention. It was part of the deal that allowed Sally and I to travel together and have me stay the weekend with them.

So after a massive day, where I had almost got to make love to my girlfriend several times, frolicked with her naked on a secluded beach before being joined by two naked rough looking older guys, here I was all alone. I took solace in checking out the mechanical repairs I was expected to do and soon got into the work.

A showered and stunning Sally walk into the shed a few hours later with a plate of food for me. Wow, she looked amazing in her bare shouldered, figure tight blue and white checked jumpsuit, with her blonde hair up and a few curls coming down in front of her ears, glowing with the sun she basked in today.

"Here you go Billy, they have given me a meal for you, but I have to rush back as we are about to sit down to dinner. I really wish you were allowed to join us but George, the owner, whom you met, is insistent that jobs come before hospitality. If we hadn't stopped at that beach you could have been here earlier and finished fixing the things they wanted fixed, but I am so glad we did go to the beach."

I went to hug and kiss her but she just ran away squealing,

"BILLY... NOT WITH YOUR GREASY HANDS!" and disappeared back to the homestead.

About an hour later a wave of tiredness overwhelmed me and I decided to hit the workers shower block. 3 shower heads along one wall with no privacy from anyone else who may have been using the facility. I had the run of the place to myself, as all the other workers had left for the weekend. After scrubbing my hands clean I stripped off to have a much needed shower and was relieved to be naked again. The hot water stung my skin on my front but was relieving on my back.

I went to soap up Mr Big Boy, as Sally called my penis, and I jumped back in agony. I looked down holding my dick out to see it and it was red and on fire. Ohh no, in all the events of the day I hadn't put sunscreen on my front. My back was fine,where the guys had rubbed it on me, except for a few spots. So there I was, trying to hold my sore, swollen, sun burnt dick out with my soapy hands slipping off it and re catching it, my head bent down, leaning on the shower wall, looking at my sunburn, when the owner walked in. Over the sound of the shower running I hadn't heard him and didn't see him until he reached his hand around and turned the shower off on me.

"Listen Billy Boy, our water is precious on this farm, so if you want to pull yourself off, don't do it under the shower, in fact don't do it on my property you sicko. I have no idea what our Sally sees in you." George spat.

Ohh great, first I get Sally here way late and they have been fretting all afternoon about her, now he walks up behind me and catches me naked in the shower thinking I was masturbating. Shit, how to win friends and influence people. If I tell George about my sunburn from today he will guess Sally was nude as well and her parents would hit the roof. I was sick and tired of being ordered about today and so frustrated. So I took a leaf out of Roger's book of not showing any embarrassment and just shrugged my shoulders with my back still facing him and said,

"Hey George, I thought you asked me to check everything here to ensure it's in working order, HA HA HA!"

and laughed at my own joke, not giving a fuck what George thought, as he has treated me like a mongrel dog and was getting all my mechanical work for free.

George muttered,

"We were going to invite you up for desert, but now you can stay down here you cocky young dickhead." and stormed out.

I was tired so I hit the sleeping quarters and just had a sheet over my naked body, my skin was on fire with the sunburn and I couldn't wear any bed clothes. Sally finally snuck out and came looking for me, careful not to disturb the farm dogs. She found the light switch, ran to my bed and dived on top of me, her breath smelling of red wine.

"AIIEEE.. ouch." I quavered.

"What's wrong Billy, don't you love me anymore, I came to give a nice long kiss goodnight to Mr Big Boy?" she purred.

I pulled the sheet of me and said "Mr Big Boy is sun burnt bad Sall, so is some of my chest, balls and thighs"

"Ohh my gosh Billy, you really are a cooked goose." Sally gasped looking at my burnt bits bending down to blow cool breath over my penis. It felt good but no way was I able to have any direct contact on it. After a minute of blowing, Sally straightened up and stroked my head, running her fingers through my hair, smirking to me,

"Poor, poor Billy, I guess that was not the blow job you have been dreaming of all day?"

"Ohh Sally you have no idea how much I want us to be alone and able to fulfil our passion, but tonight I am in a world of agony."

"Let me go see if I can sneak anything out that might help you and your burnt bits." With a quick peck on my cheek she was gone.

Soon she was back with a bag of frozen peas and a jar of honey.

"Billy you need to cool yourself down with the peas then apply honey on the burns. The coolness of the bag of peas will sooth and the honey has been used for burns as a salve and anti infection agent since the Egyptians built the Pyramids. The things you learn in fashion school, hey?"

Then she gave me a lingering kiss goodnight and left me to repair myself.

I had a terrible restless night with the sunburn and the events of the day careering through my mind but finally fell into a deep sleep just before dawn. I must have rolled on the bag of now unfrozen peas at one stage.

George's wife walked into the workers bunkhouse with a big plate of bacon and eggs for me for breakfast at sun up, but it shattered on the floor when she dropped it as she screamed,

"Oh you are a sicko, George told me you were, how dare you present yourself to me like that, you demented, perverted PSYCHO!" and hurried out.

I woke suddenly at the outburst and looked down at myself, seeing what George's wife had been so upset over.

I had kicked the sheet off through the night. Lying naked on my back, exposing my genitals to her, but to make matters far worse the free roaming peas had stuck to the honey over my penis and ball sack. But not only that, I must have had a nocturnal emission as I dozed, as my balls were so full from all of yesterday's teasing. I did look like a full on, perverted sicko that needed urgent psychiatric attention. My cock and balls studded with peas stuck with honey and dried cum everywhere.

"Ohh Fuck Me Dead!!, George will be here with a shotgun any minute now I am sure," I moaned aloud, "first last night catching me in the shower thinking I was having a tug, now this, maybe being shot isn't so bad you fool."

But no one came, so I got up, picked the peas off and threw on some loose boxer shorts and put my work gear back on and headed to the machinery shed and buried myself in the work.

About 10.30am Sally came down with a huge morning tea spread for me, laughing and saying,

"Well you certainly have made an impression on George and Kate, and not in a good way. But I have calmed the farm. Maybe I should have been clearer with my instructions last night, the peas weren't supposed to be let out of the bag. Speaking of which, I had to let our beach stop out of the bag to explain your sun burnt willy Billy!"

"How the heck did you calm them down, I was sure I was going to be shot?" I asked.

"Well, when I heard the commotion I caught Kate and asked her what happened before she saw Mum, Dad and George. She told me the way you were this morning Billy and what George though he saw last night and I burst out laughing."

"Ohh no Sally, that would not have been received well."

"Actually me laughing was the best thing, Kate was sure I would have been shocked as much as she was. Anyway I explained we called into a beach on the way up and you swam right out the back to body surf a reef break and a big wave tumbled you and you lost your swimmers, which we really did. So part of my story is true, that's why I sounded so convincing. Then you were caught in a rip and taken to the far end of the beach and had to walk all that way back in the sun, nude as the day you were born. Meanwhile, I was dozing on the beach totally unaware of the danger you were in until you came back and put your other shorts on and woke me. I told Kate about the sunburn remedy I gave you and now she feels guilty walking in on you unannounced, as does George for last night's incident. Don't you love me even more now Billy?" she asked.

"You are the best Sally, here let me hug you."

"No way Billy... look at your hands!" Sally said, skipping away back to the homestead, her short skirt bouncing up, flashing me a pair of panties that yesterday Roger had in his fingers. The sight of her tanned legs and buttocks clad in the g string stirring my dick and making me wince in pain.

The weekend continued, with me trying to be on my best behaviour, as I already had two strikes against my name. I carried out the repairs and had George's idle machines all back up and running, and was finally allowed to join the others to eat in the Homestead, after I cleaned up of course.

Sally and I had forget it was a holiday on Monday for the College staff, so we didn't have to rush back with all the other weekend traffic, if Sally's parents would agree, and George and Kate allowed us to stay there on Sunday night. With Sally's persuasive nature she soon had them all agree, but George and Kate said only if we take their real daughter, Kim, back down to City with us on Monday. She had been away all weekend at a horse event, as was due back at the farm on Sunday night. Kim had to go back to uni and a lift with Sally was far better than catching the train down. Sally was so happy as her and Kim were Best Friends Forever.

Sunday evening, the lack of sleep had me in bed in the bunkhouse asleep before Kim arrived. I was thinking how will I put up with the company of a bratty, horsey kid smashing my chances again of getting Sally alone. Dogs barking and horses whinnying drifted into my semi conscious at one stage, but when I awoke just after sun up I could see a horse trailer parked near the machinery shed that wasn't there before. Ahh, the brat did come back in time to ruin my trip home. I emerged from my bunk and checked my sunburn out, ensuring the door was shut. It had faded a lot, thanks to Sally's help. I packed up, tidied the bunkhouse and put my toolbox and other bag in my green Land Rover, called Envy, and walked over to say good morning to George, who was having a cup of tea on his verandah.

"Breakfast won't be long Billy, but the girl's have just surfaced, they were chatting for half the night as they hadn't seen each other for ages. I hope you have some earplugs in your toolbox for the drive home, Once those two start yabbering they don't stop."

Kate came and served George and I a big farmer's breakfast and I was half way through the mountain of food when the young giggling girls walked out to join us.

"So this is the famous Billy, I have heard so much about you." giggled Kim.

I looked up and there was a girl just as stunning as Sally, except she was about 5' 10" tall with dark brown hair wearing a singlet and shorts pyjama set. I choked on my food when I saw how gorgeous she was and the way her boobs were moving unfettered under her thin cotton top.

Sally just asked me "Sand again?" and Kim burst into laughter.

Oh Jeepers H Christ, did Sally tell her everything?

About an hour after breakfast the girls were finally ready to head off, looking amazing in their almost matching outfits of boob tubes and mini skirts. I concentrated on packing their bags into the back of Envy before I hardened up at the vision of these stunners.

Sally only had 4 bags this time though.

"Sally, where's your other bag, there is one missing?" I asked.

"It's ok Billy, it was Dad's, he took his camera bag back home with him last night."

"Ohh no, I can't catch a break this weekend, it's one disaster after another!" I groaned. If Sally's dad developed the film we shot at the beach I would be totally fucked.

"Come on sad sack, let's roll!" Sally ordered as her and Kim sat in the Land Rover.

I looked up from my thoughts of how her dad would feel as he saw the shots slowly develop in his home photo lab of the extreme wanton display of her daughter and I and the two strangers.

We headed off, the three of us sitting closely in the front.

Away from the farm, I said,

"Sally, I am really freaking out about the film." not wanting to disclose too much with Kim sitting with us.

"I hear you are quite the photographer Billy." giggled Kim, making both girls burst out in full on laughter.

"Billy, there are some people in this car that aren't as silly as you, I have the films in one of my other bags. But Kim has something to ask you and I really want you to say yes." Sally said, stroking my thigh.

Before I could answer Kim said,

"So Billy, do you think we could call in and see the beach you and Sally discovered, it sounds amazing and I can't believe I have never heard of it before?"

As she asked, Sally's hand stroking my thigh moved up and started fondling my package.

"You don't have a problem sharing our beach with Kim, do you Big Boy?" rubbing my cock into hardness as she did, "You sure you don't mind sharing?"

How could I refuse, there was a chance I would get to see both the beauties sitting next to me, naked on the beach and the thought of it almost made me cream my pants.

Sally kept rubbing and teasing my pants covered erection.

"Is that a Yes Billy?"

"Um..." was all I could reply, if Sally kept rubbing my cock like that I was going to blow. I was hoping to drag out the attention on my cock by being non committal.

"Well a 'Um' is a Yes in my books, let's stop and get some drinks on the way, yippee!!" Sally had once again turned my words into what she wanted to hear, but this time I was happy she did.

We pulled over at a small, old time general store and Sally sent me in to get the drinks and snacks.

Creaking wooden floorboards, posters and calendars from many years ago adorned the walls, ram-shackled shelving with a selection of items, part hardware, part grocery, and a massive old man in bib and brace overalls manning the well worn counter.

He looked at me with his mouth slightly agape, with a cold stare that wasn't welcoming. As I walked down the aisles to select my purchases I could feel his eyes boring into my back as the drinks fridge wheezed and stained the floorboards with condensation.

I was so glad the girls were staying in the Land Rover, this store was creepy. Just as I turned to go back to the counter, the door swung open and Sally and Kim burst in. Well the old guy's mouth that was agape before was now wide open with his tongue hanging out languidly, his eyes roving all over the young girls in front of him. His eyes lit up when he saw Sally's face, and he licked his lips.

"Excuse me Sir, would you have a bathroom we could use please?" Sally asked him politely, "Kim and I really need to go before we bounce along that track into our secret beach Billy."

"Here's key to the dunny out back, lots of people ask for the bathroom but really want the dunny, if youse wants a bath I's take you up the house, mo charge for you young uns?" The slow talking store owner offered, eyeing the girls as if they were already naked in his bath as he drawled out his reply.

"Thank you so much Sir, we just need to use the loo." Sally explained and key in hand the girls disappeared out the back in a flurry of giggles.

I waited at the counter in silence after paying, the wheeze of the fridge and the rhythmic grind of the old overhead fan, with its bearings on their last legs, the only sounds. I noticed a rack of about a dozen business cards of the local service providers on offer and as I scanned along seeing who did what, the tow truck driver, the farm fencer, a mechanic, a horse dentist etc but the card that caught my eye was "Godzilla's Fishing Charters." Frank had his cards here.

The old man, seeing my eyes staring at Frank's card stated blankly "You met Frank." It wasn't a question, it was if he knew.

"Um, er, yeah, the other day" I confirmed.

"He sure does likes his beach that little brother of mine."

"Wow, I can't believe you are Frank's brother, what a small world" I said.

The Store Owner said "He's a halfa brother, our daddy jumped a lot of fences, real popular with the lady folk back then, before he gone and got himself shot dead on someone else's nest."

Then he pointed to the business card rack "All of them my brothers."

Ok, the store was getting creepier by the second, if a kid turned up playing banjo I was going to hightail it out of there. But the thought of a dozen men hung massive like Frank rampaging the neighbourhood like their old man did ran through my mind, keeping me at the counter til the girls returned, to ensure their safety out of this time warped shop.

The girls burst back into the shop and returned the key, the old man's eyes never leaving Sally, and I notice him reach for the phone as we left.

Once in the car Kim said "Well that was an experience! I have been in the store once before but never to the toilet out back."

"Was it dirty and gross?" I asked.

"Yes, and there were well worn fist sized hole in the wall of the dunny, I was glad Sally was there to make sure no one else was about, as they might see in or something. But the old snapshots pinned on the back of the door were downright pornographic, it certainly wasn't a family rest stop!"

and both girls burst out laughing again.

We soon forgot about the creepy store as we drove through the bush track towards the beach.

When Envy finally bounced over the last sand dune and the beach was in view it looked better than ever. Being a Monday there was no one about, we had it to ourselves.

"Are you kidding me, this is freaking paradise, I can't believe I have never been here!!" exclaimed Kim as she looked down upon the perfect beach and bay.

"Makes you wanna get nakey Kimmy doesn't it?" Sally said suggestively.

Both girls came up to me, one on each side, and started undoing my clothes.

"Time to get you naked, Big Boy Billy?" they teased me in sync, they must have practised that line, as my clothes were stripped off me.

How could I object, the love of my life and her drop dead gorgeous girlfriend had their hands all over me.

I was naked in no time and Sally said with a wicked grin,

"Well hurry up Billy and Kim, my clothes will not come off by themselves." Her offer for us to strip her took any awkwardness away from me being nude in front of a girl I had just met a few hours ago.

Unveiling Sally's amazing body was a joy, but to do it with a stunner helping me was intense. We peeled her boob tube off, Kim pinching Sally's high set puffy nipples to attention. By the time we had shimmied her short skirt and g string off her, I was sporting a full on boner catching glimpses of her pussy as she stepped out of her clothes at her feet.

"Before you two nakies got at it like rabbits, can you help a gal outta her clothes?" Kim pleaded.

Sally and I pulled Kim between us. Sally slipped her hands under Kim's tube top and tweaked Kim's nipples, "You are going to love Kimmie's tits Billy!" Sally promised, "I am just preparing for their unveiling!"

Kim raised her arms and Sally and I slowly peeled her tube top up off her. Her under boobs came into view and the curve showed no sag, just youthful, full firmness. But when the top revealed her nubs my cock throbbed. Her nipples were erect and were high set on her up-swept teardrop breasts, pointing to the sky above the distant horizon. They looked so suck-able, and Kim swayed her chest at me, teasing me with her sinuous breast dance, inches from my face.

Sally got behind her and reached around and grabbed Kim's boobs, teasing more,

"Ohh Billy, they feel so good!"

"Mmmmm" moaned Kim.

My naked girlfriend was fondling her half naked gal pal in front of me, my balls were retracting and my cock bursting at the sight.

I grabbed Kim's skirt and pulled it down, dropping to my knees in front of her. Her long lean, defined legs lead to her last remaining item of clothing. A tight cotton G string showed off the raise of her mons. With both hands I slowly pulled that G string down, waiting to see what pubic hair style Kim had. When the crack of her vulva creased through her mons I realised Kim was going to be totally hair free and all her goodness would be there, right before my eyes without any forest hiding the treasures. As I continued to pull off her knickers I naturally lent in, putting my mouth so close to her charms, her labia lips were different to Sally's neat plump lips, Kim had longer, crinkly inner lips with flatter outer lips and a delightful scent that rocked my inner core. At this point Sally gave Kim's nipples a really hard pinch and Kim thrust her groin out right into my face. I went to pull my head back, but Kim's hands were now holding my face trapped against her crutch.

"Sally has told me all about your cunning tonguing Big Boy, and I want some!" Kim stated.

I started to rub my hands up the back of Kim's smooth legs to clasp her butt before tonguing her when a hand reached through Kim's legs and grabbed my swollen dick.

"First thing we need to do is cover this bad boy in sunscreen," Sally said with a massive grin, having watched me been teased by Kim, "OMG Billy you are so hard, stay there!!"

The girls left me kneeling in the sand, with perhaps the biggest hard on that I ever had, as they pulled out towels and sunscreen.

They then coated each other in sunscreen, rubbing it all over thickly on each other's boobs, their hands sliding around their chest mounds, moulding and releasing the tit flesh. It was a sight I could watch forever, before they ordered me to lie face down on a towel.

"Keep your eyes closed Billy, and guess who is rubbing her body on your back?" Sally asked, "I think you will prefer this way to get your sunscreen on than the way you had it applied the other day."

As I lay there in anticipation of the tactile treatment of having two beautiful young women taking turns to rub their breasts all over my back I felt the sun been blocked out as the first girl started.

Her oily hot body felt amazing, the roundness of her breasts rolling on my back was delicious, sliding up, down and around. I could feel her erect nipples gently pointing into me as she caressed me with her chest. I was in heaven. She then slid down and was rubbing her nipples between my butt cheeks as a hand cupped my ball sack, making my scrotum tighten. And then she was moving off me, I did feel a rasp of pubic hair across my thigh as she left, was it Sally?

Moments later a warm feminine body was laying on my back, her hands holding onto my shoulders as she pulled herself up and down, really squashing herself into me in a curvaceous massage. I felt her spin around on me and then I felt her hot breath on my scrotum as her face lent in between my legs. A warm wet tongue danced around my taint and up and down the very sensitive back of my ball sack. If the first girl was Sally, this must be Kim!!

"Ohhh," I moaned into the sand, "keep going Kim!"

A stereo of laughter burst out from the girls, one from between my legs and the other above me. I turned over and there was Kim, still coated in excess sunscreen, giggling and boobs shaking, standing above me whilst Sally was in fits of laughter, now sitting at the base of my towel.

"Ohh Billy, I knew when I deliberately scratched my landing strip on your thigh you would realise I was the first girl. Got you good again!!" Sally cackled and rolled about in infectious spasms of mirth.

Kim joined us on the big beach towel, with the three of us hugging and laughing, the two girls oiled bodies rubbing mine as they jiggled and squirmed, causing my erection to stay rampant.

Accidentally Kim's hand dropped and touched my penis,

"Ohh, sorry Big Boy!!" she cooed.

"Yes, we need to coat up Big Boy now," said Sally "but first Billy, roll over on your tummy, there seems to be something unusual sunburned on your back?"

"Really, what is it?" I was intrigued.

Sally sat wide legged on my lower back, her labia slickly sliding on me as she got comfortable.

"Look here Kim." as she traced what she could see on my upper back.

"Looks like the guys have left part of Billy's back without sunscreen to spell out some letters in sun-burnt skin."

"That's a 'C' " Sally said curving her fingertip gently on my back.

"My turn." interjected Kim

Sally stood up as Kim sat on my buttocks, her nakedness spread wide on me.

"I just need to find a comfy spot in this saddle." Kim said, ever the horsey girl, as she ground her pussy into me.

She lent forward and I could feel her magnificent pointy nipples etch into my skin as she traced out the second letter.

"And that one is a 'U' ." Kim announced after sensuously tracing the letter out with her fingernail.

The girls swapped again, this time Sally made me lift up my arse and grabbed my erection with one hand as she traced the other letter with one of her nipples, giving me great pleasure as she caressed me front and back.

"It's another 'C' ." Sally cried out.

"Stay there Sally, I have this last letter." Kim said as I felt her long hair drape down my back. I then had her hot tongue trace out the last letter, before she sat back, her legs spread around me and her groin at the top of my head facing in the sand.

"It's a 'K' , they wrote 'CUCK' on your back? Do they think you are a chicken, as chooks made that sound?" asked Kim.

With Sally still fondling my penis underneath me and Kim's hot crutch at my forehead I just said "Dunno, maybe it was an 'F' for FUCK to begin with that was smeared into a 'C'?" not really caring what prank those two strangers played out with sunscreen on my back a few days ago. I was in sensuous heaven.

Sally slapped my bum, "It is definitely a 'C', I have no idea why they would have that burn onto your back, I don't know what it means. I do know we need to get Big Boy covered in sun cream before it creams itself!"

She must have known I was so close to orgasm-ing with her fondles.

I rolled over, now when I looked up all I could see were Kim's magnificent under-breasts jutting out proudly from her chest. Sally asked me to apply sunscreen to her chest as she straddled me, facing Kim, trapping my cock against her pussy. Kim poured the cream in my hands and I attacked Sally's tits with passion as she slowly rode her wet slit up and down my shaft. I felt her rubbery puffy nipples slip as I squeezed them and then went to grab her tit flesh and maul her with my fingers. Meanwhile I could feel Kim's pussy grinding into the back of my head as her hands mimicked my assault on Sally tits as Kim groped her own. The soft sounds of 4 breasts being attacked by oily hands and the sucking and grinding of two wet spread cunts on me added to the erotic-ness of the moment, causing precum to flow liberally from my rock hard stiffy. Sally slid back down and I released her well rubbed breasts and she looked down at my cock, before she began rubbing the cream off her breasts onto it.

"Oops, looks like I have left a girly snail trail on Big Boy!" Sally exclaimed looking at her glistening cunt juices smeared on my cock. "We need that gone before the sunscreen is applied!"

"OK," said Kim, "I can do that for you Sally."

Kim then bent forward and lent over my head, her boobs gliding on my face as they went past, her lean tummy rubbing my nose before her cunt was once again in my face. I felt a hot tongue bath my cock as Kim pressed her dripping, saddle worn cunt on my face. I naturally responded, licking her back, lick for lick as we tasted each others genitals. Kim was getting a two for one deal, licking Sally's juices off me as well, as I savoured her taste. Where as Sally's pussy tasted marine and slightly sharp, I will never forget my first taste of Sally, Kim's pussy was more musky with a tannin edge, maybe all those hours rubbing that young cunt on her leather saddles had imparted their scent into her?

I felt Kim sit up, putting her clitoral hood right at my tongue tip, leaving my bursting cock unattended. I reached around her thighs and my hands sought out her long inner cunt lips to spread them as wide as I could, so her clit would be fully at my mercy as I continued to tongue her.

My cock was suddenly enveloped in a warm firm cushion of oily breasts, Sally must have moved in and was now rubbing her delightful chest up and down my cock. What a way to apply sunblock. I could feel her tits encase my cock and travel up and down my length.

Kim's clit was now well and truly out of hiding as I flicked my tongue around its base and gently across it, as I pulled and pinched her inner flaps, enjoying discovering the difference between Kim's cunt and Sally's.

"Ohh, keep going Billy," Kim urged, "I am so close!" as she ground her pussy into my face.

Her urgings caused my precum flow to flood out onto Sally's tits and Sally noticed. She scooted down to take my cockhead into her mouth rubbing her own clit in fury with her diddling hand, she was so turned on by the naughtiness of what was happening.

I was over the moon. Finally getting the blow job so long promised me, with a spare cunt to suck on as a bonus. What a moment.

Sally's lips engulfed my shaft as she took more and more of my length into her mouth. My balls were boiling and there was now way I could hold out for much longer after all the teasing.

"Fuck me hard with your tongue Billy," Kim yelled, "Pinch my piss flaps harder!!" As she really rode my face hard, the force of her grinding into me was now getting painful, but the pleasure coming from Sally sucking me was overwhelming the pain.

Sally now had me deep in her mouth, her throat trying to welcome my cockhead each time she sucked me up and down.

I went to town on Kim's cunt, using lips, tongue, fingers and a little nip here and there on her chewy inner flaps, I then caught her clit and sucked the little bud hard as I lashed my tongue on her pleasure hub.

"OHHHH BILLYYYYYYY! OH MY GOD!" Kim cried out, "FUCK ME I'M COMING!!"

I felt proud to be able to give Sally's great friend a powerful cum, but I was in a bad spot, lying on my back with her pussy right over my open mouth for what happened next.

Kim's hands gripped onto my chest as she rode her orgasm out on my face, her screams loud and proud, thrusting her pussy in small tight orbits around my tongue as she climaxed.

"OHH Billy I am almost there too," Sally cried temporarily releasing me from her mouth as she continued to beat a staccato up on her clitty, watching her BBF orgasm on her boyfriends face.

Torrents of girl cum rained down on my open mouth unexpectedly, gush after gush flooding my throat, causing me to choke and cough. There seemed no end to the flow of gushes drowning me. Kim was still squirting when I had to twist out and roll over to clear my throat and get air. As I twisted, my leg scraped up Sally's cunt, pushing her over the edge after hearing Kim come. So there I was, coughing into the sand while the two girls were writhing in the height of pure sexual bliss. My face, mouth and throat drowned in Kim's cum and I even had a wet patch on my leg from Sally's release. After a few minutes of coughing, almost to the point of dry retching, I finally regained my normal breathing and looked up to see the girls laying on the towel together, intertwined in a mess of legs, arms, boobs, butt and pussy. But after my near death experience of drowning in girl gush, how would the Coroner write that up on my inquest I wondered?, I had lost my passion and my erection. I laid down in the sand next to the girls and rested in the sun with them.

Eventually Sally stirred and slapped Kim and I on our bums and said,

"Time for a nudie swim, who's coming with me,... Kim?" She giggled at her own joke.

"Well I certainly could do with a cleansing swim, what the hell did you unleash on me Kim?" I asked.

As we walked to the ocean, me between these two naked, carefree, post orgasm, beautiful females as they leaned on me, Kim caught my swinging dick with her hand.

"Billy, if I knew I was going to cum like that I would have warned you, but it's the first time my body has reacted in that way," Kim explained as she gently tugged me back to chubbiness, "I have never felt so sexual as I have just now, thank you Sally for bringing me here and thank you Billy for taking me to a new sensory high."

"Must be something about this place, the other day here was the first time I squirted too, maybe we should call this 'First Gush Beach!' Sally added, before gently slapping Kim's hand off my hardening cock when she noticed what Kim was doing.

"Ha, if you say 'First Gush' quickly it sounds like 'Fergus', Fergus Beach could be our secret name that your parents will have no idea what it really means." I suggested, hoping to avoid any potential jealousy between the two girls, but secretly wishing Sally hadn't stopped Kim wanking me.

"I am going to be careful not to think about today at First Gush or Fergus Beach when I go horse riding, if I rub my self off on the saddle and squirt so much like I just did, I would be ruining my saddles!" Kim confessed, as she grabbed my buttock with her recently slapped hand.

With Kim being so touchy, was she trying to politely make amends for almost drowning me and ruining my first blowjob, or was she really wanting more action, and why was Sally suddenly so protective of my junk?

The girls pulled and pushed me under the water and the thoughts charging through my head were lost to the fun of frolicking in the sea with these very friendly girls. I surfaced and then crash tackled both girls at once and we all wrestled together in the shallows, with me taking the opportunity to maul Kim's great set of teardrop shaped tits, as well as Sally's. The girls were not shy either, grabbing my butt, balls and cock ,as well as each others bits, when they could as we all writhed and slid over each other. I landed on top of Sally and we just looked into each others eyes with passion and fell into a deep, rocking kiss, my erection jammed under her crutch.

"Room for one more?" Kim yelled as she jumped and thrust herself on top of me, causing the three of us to roll around in a triangle of bodies, lips and tongues.

Sally and Kim ended up kissing each other as I fondled their bodies, rubbing my hard cock between them, before Sally broke free and turned Kim's face to mine.

"Kiss her Billy," Sally urged, "Kiss her like you kiss me."

I couldn't refuse the offer and enjoyed kissing Kim's other lips, thinking how strange it was to kiss someone on the mouth for the very first time, after you have already kissed them on their pussy.

The very gentle swell of the ocean had pushed us back onto the sand, but Kim and I continued kissing, exploring each other's mouths with our seeking tongues. Sally slid down, showering both mine and Kim's bodies with kisses, gently nudging Kim off the top of me. I felt someone grab my cock and start rubbing me, not knowing which girl was doing it, not caring either, as I was in such dire need to blow. When a warm wet mouth encompassed my cockhead my dick twitched with excitement, I was getting my blowjob from Sally while I pashed off her BFF. Kim's hand traced down my chest and belly and stopped when it felt Sally's head. She broke off our kiss and slid down to join Sally.

"Mmm, looks so good and big enough to feed two!" Kim moaned as her mouth joined in with Sally's.

Sally would not release my cockhead from her mouth but allowed Kim to lap around the base of my cock and nut sack. I looked down at the sight of the two of them sucking and licking me as their oiled bodies shone in the sunlight with the seawater beading on their perfect skin.

"How lucky am I," I thought aloud, "I couldn't think of a better way to have my first blow."

Sally looked up and stared into my eyes, I must have said my thoughts out aloud.. was she going to be upset?

"I can," said Sally, "Let's go up and lean you against your beloved 'Envy' where Kim and I will make you gush!"

If I had kept my mouth shut I would have blown in the next 30 seconds, but now the two sirens were leading me back up the beach, with Sally having a firm grip on my cock and Kim tormenting my butt.

The girls lent me against the front of Envy and dropped to their knees and continued their oral pleasures on me. I caressed each of their heads but occasionally getting a finger caught in their tangled hair, so I sought out their nubile breasts to fondle instead. Weighing, squeezing and teasing one of each girls tits at once, enjoying their differences, added so much to my sensory pleasure I felt my orgasm rising. Suddenly my cockhead popped out of Sally's mouth as she rose up.

"There is one way we can contain your octopus hands Billy," she said, returning with three silken scarves.

She playfully tied my wrists, crucifying me to Envy, before blindfolding me with the third scarf.

I heard the girls giggle before my cock was being sucked again.

One long suck as the warm mouth slid down my length, before it slid back up and left my pleading cock crying drops of pre cum, begging for more.

A mouth from a slightly different angle repeated the delicious torture, but this time with 2 full strokes before popping off the top of my cock, with a quick peck goodbye.

More girl giggles, then a mouth swallowed me in a great way, suction and licks all the way down and up for 3 bobs before once again leaving my throbbing cock seeking release.

This time as a mouth took my length in, I heard Sally say "One, two, three and four!" as my cock was polished. The fact Sally was letting Kim suck me off had me at bursting point, had it been Kim the whole time while I was blindfolded? 

"One, two, three, four and five!" encouraged Kim.

Fucking hell, the girls were tag teaming my cock with their mouths on a countdown to see who would be bathed in my cum. I was desperate to cum, but each changeover was taking longer, the girls were edging me, the dirty little cock teasers. But I knew it was only a matter of a few more turns before I finally had release. I didn't know whether to curse Sally for the torture or bless her for the celestial experience of been lifted to such a level of sensual tension. While my dick waived around in the air in between sucks, the girls had their hands and fingers roaming my body.

In my mind I decided to blow when Sally was sucking me off, to avoid any jealousy, but the weight in my balls felt there was enough cum for them to share. With the longer counts, the girl counting would stand up and rub her boobs on my chest and hump her pussy against my leg, while watching her friend suck away.

Kim had just given me the ten most exquisite long cock sucks when Sally counted her off me. "..and Ten!"

I knew that this next round with my darling Sally taking me in her mouth and throat I would be blowing. Even as my cock waved impatiently waiting for Sally to start, I felt my nut sack tighten even more in anticipation. Finally after all these months I was going to cum into my girlfriend.

"One,...two,... three," Kim counted very slowly to match as Sally worked my cock deep inside her mouth in long vacuums of sucking and tonguing.

"Four,...five,...six," continued the slow count as Sally really put all her efforts into bringing me off.

"I can feel my ballls bursting, I am shaking all over!" I cried.

"Seven,... eight,... nine..."

A loud roar filled my ears, it must be the most intense ejaculation causing my mind to play tricks.

"Ten,... HOLY FUCK!" Kim squealed.

Sally's mouth popped of my cock just before the anticipated vinegar stroke and I heard her squeal "WHAT THE FUCK!"

I was still blindfolded, tied to my 4X4, a touch away from blowing my huge load, but the roar in my ears was an engine. Some perv had burst over the sand dune and stopped right along side of us. I struggled to get free from the scarves holding me, but Sally had mistakenly tied a knot that tightened if pulled, I was stuck. I was concerned for the girl's welfare, and a touch worried about my own, being displayed and presented for all and sundry.

"Sally, Kim are you alright?" I shouted out over the loud motor.

There was no reply, no other sounds I could hear, just that engine and soon even it was switched off and I heard a door creak open.

Dammit, why did I have to still be hard as a rock, about to face the unseen intruder? ...

Author's note:

Thank you for reading this yarn so far.

Let me know if you are keen for part 3, will poor Billy finally get laid, will Sally get her cherry popped, will Kim get the ride of her life? 

