My wife joins a gym
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

After 10 years of marriage and very unhealthy eating habits, my wife put on some weight. She was very overweight but it was enough put her off body hugging tops and skirts. At a friend's suggestion she decided to join one of the local gyms. She is very shy and introverted so she would have never joined a big gym but this was a small gym which took members only by invitation or by recommendations from existing members so she felt comfortable. Her friend told her that there were only about 20 members and there was no way they would invite more members as it had already reached its peak capacity.

So my wife decided to try. She called them and gave her friend's reference. She had to answer some questions and details. However, after two days, the gym people called back to say that her membership was confirmed after cross checking with her friend. The asked her to come for a physical check up the next day.

My wife, shy as she is, asked me to come along. It was my day off and I was only too happy to tag along. We drove around a few wrong lanes before stopping front of a straight-laced, no-frills, rectangular building. I parked and we moved to the only single door in sight assuming it to be the entrance. The door opened to a small reception, painted stark white, with a skinny, bespectacled teenager standing at attention. He took my wife's particulars and asked us to wait before disappearing behind a panel which was also a door.

When he returned, he told me that although non-members were not allowed, since it was my wife's first time, he would let me come along but I was to follow the rules and be as quiet as possible.

We entered into a long corridor lined with doors on both sides. The boy led us to one of the doors and held it open for us asking us to wait for the trainer. A few minutes after he left, a very tall and very muscular man entered the room and shook our hands. His name was Sameer but preferred to be called Sam. He was wearing a tight leotard which was rather gayish but accentuated all her bulging muscles and his cock and balls were clearly visible bunched together on one side of his leg. Sam chatted a while with us and then asked my wife to fill a form with many questions about her past health and eating habits. After she was done, he took her measurements, height and weight.

Then he made her stand in front of her. His was sitting facing her, his legs wide open and his package clearly visible. He asked her what really was her goal to join the gym. "I want to loose weight and be slim," she told him slightly embarrassed of being so close to a man dressed the way he was. "Which part of your body do you want to loose weight from," he asked. 

"Well from all over but especially from my buttocks and my waist," she replied, loosening up slightly.

"Like from here," he asked and pulled a handful of her fleshy love handles. When she nodded yes, he patted her thighs when she nodded, he held her from the waist and turned her around as her heavy back side wiggled in his face. "Here?" he asked as her squeezed her two massive and loose asscheeks with his big hands. She said yes. Then Sam stood up and said, "That's fine Ruchi, but from a professional point of view, I would suggest you target to loose weight overall and tone every part of your body." She nodded.

"Now I will introduce you to my colleague who will explain the rules of the gym," he said and pressed an intercom buzzer, "Fernandez, the new member is all yours." Within seconds a swarthy faced but lissome-bodied latino man walked in wearing the same outfit as Sam. "Hi Ruchi? Come let's move to my room."

We entered another room and sat down. This room had a glass top study table and the room was sparkling clean. There were only two chairs across the table so I remained standing as my wife sat across Fernandez as he started telling her all the house rules and regulations. His white leotards were perhaps two sizes too small and strained tremendously. Especially around his genitals. After he was done, he walked towards my wife and stood on his tip toes to reach for a high shelf just behind her. As he stretched and twisted his body towards the shelf, his meaty lumpy crotch almost touched my wife's face. She definitely smelled the whiff from his cock and balls, as I could see her nostrils inhale and dilate a bit. As a womanly reflex, I felt she moved slightly closer for a second whiff of the macho male display in front of her. I should have been alarmed but felt a familiar tingling sensation in my own cock.

Once he had taken a bag out, he continued to stay where he was, his latex covered cock and balls just inches away from my wife's still flaring nostrils. Then he gave the bag to her. "Here, Ru - mind if I call you Ru? - is your gym bag. It was the gym uniform as well as a pair of shoes - yes, now you know why we asked you for your shoe size - some vitamins and some manuals for you to read. I will now introduce you to another colleague who will take you on a round of the gym and he will also explain how each machine works," with that Fernandez pressed the buzzer and very quickly adjusted his cock which - perhaps it was my imagination - was now slightly bigger than when we entered the room.

The man who entered the room to take us for a round of the gym was so black that it would be difficult to see him in the night. And his jet blue-black skin contrasted highly with his white leotard. He was so dark that his skin was visible even through the leotard at certain angles. And of course, as I was getting used to the thought, his leotard was almost painted on his muscular body. He was by far the tallest of them all and towered way above my wife especially when she was seated. Her pale skin and trembling hand reminded me of the movie King Kong Returns when he shook her hand. His obscenely bulging crotch was also another fact of his body that was difficult not to notice.

"My name is Dick Cox," he said, "but I prefer to be called Cox."

"Nice to meet you Mr Cock...er ..Mr Cox," my wife stammered as he continued to shake her tiny hand for an extra longer time. 

Finally he broke off and putting a very heavy arm around her shoulders, he led us to the gym. "I don' know if Fernandez told you but most of our rooms have one way mirrored walls so that people outside can learn the techniques of exercising members without distracting them at all. Ru, right here is the locker room so why don't you change." He said and continued to walk behind her in the locker room to my shock, till he added, "We have a common locker room as we practice gender equality in all our policies and practices...you can see we even have unisex uniforms."

The locker room was tastefully designed with mirrors all around. Even the locker doors were covered with mirror so no matter where you were you could see everyone and everyone could see you. There was no partition, or curtain. Even the toilets were out in the open without any stalls. The male urinals were suspended from a metal bar in such a way that any man who had to pee would have to stand facing the toilets and any woman / man using the toilet would inadvertently find her / his face just a few feet away from the pissing cocks. My wife, who had a few drinks already, was in need to pee but seeing the positioning of the toilet she was a bit shy.

She took of her clothes as Cox and I stood right in front of her chatting like ordinary. I was excited but hid my excitement. My wife took her clothes and I think in her frenzy to pee badly a few drops of pee leaked out of hr hair pussy. Cox stooped down and wiped my wife's pee with his bare hands and took a direct sniff. "You better use the toilet Ru otherwise you won't be able to do much later."

Hesitantly Ru walked to the farthest toilet and sat down. Just then a man entered the locker room and proceeded to the urinals, he chose the last one, directly opposite my wife and let go of a long uninterrupted stream of yellow urine. He was watching my wife intently and as their eyes met, he smiled and winked at her and squeezed the last few drops of piss from his semi-hard cock. He shook it a bit and then wiped his limp cock along the urinal edge. Then he walked straight to my wife even as all three of us males heard the distinct sound of her piss hitting the bottom of the toilet, and offered his hand to her, "Hi lady, I am Mohammed." My wife looked a bit dazed but took his hand which still had a few of his own piss drops on it. "Nice to meet you Mohammed," she stammered as her eyes remained glued to his impressive cut cock. Mohammed unexpectantly swung around and with the swinging of his cock a few more drops of piss escaped and landed on my wife's face.

Then hurriedly my wife dressed in the tight white leotards provided in the bag. It was the strangest pair of leotards I had seen. It had a thin vertical cut where my wife's pussy was and if she spread her legs, her hair pussy be visible to all. But I don't think she noticed and I pretended that I didn't see it too. It was too tight for her but she fit in somehow.

After she wore her shoes, Cox moved us on. On the way out, we encountered three men entering the locker room. All three were wearing their leotards but strangely had opening at their crotch. Their cocks were dangling out and swinging as they walked. I thought I saw a string of cum attach to one of the cocks but by then we had already moved on.

We entered another room and Cox introduced my wife to her first exercise machine. It looked rather strange - it was like the horizontal bars with weights attached on the top. Two trainers were standing at the two ends. Cox asked my wife to stand on the contraption and adjusted the weights to about 20kg. He also swapped positions with the trainer in front of my wife. As the machine started to move, my wife, slightly unsure of what to expect closed her eyes. The trainer behind her pulled her toward him and as her body collided with his body, she was pushed forward, where Cox was ready to push her backwards. As my wife collided with Cox she opened her eyes which widened when she saw what was happening. "This," Cox explained, "will create friction in her fats by jiggling in between and with enough friction the fats will break down and muscles will tone up. To make it safe, we use humans as padding because we had some injuries when we used synthetic padding on the side."

All this while, Cox or any other trainer had paid any attention to me. They only talked to my wife ignoring me completely as if I didn't exist. Even now as I saw how these two well built trainers with bulging cocks were passing my wife around like a rag doll they were not bothered by my presence. I could see Cox cock was now filled with blood and had pushed it distinct mushroom head further down his leotard. It was huge and soon, I could see the head of hid purple cock head peeking out from the edge of his leotard pants. The precum leaking from his cock was glistening on his black legs.

Cox motioned his colleague to stop. I think my wife also need some rest as she wasn't very fit. But Cox didn't let her rest for too long, he only wanted to change her posture. He pulled two straps and tying them behind her back pulled her into a 90 degrees bent position. And this time as he started the motion, her face hit Cox's crotch. Since he was too tall, my wife hit his thighs each time and that is where his peeking cock head was. He had adjusted it so that it was now standing perpendicular to his body and if my wife looked up it would go straight in her mouth. The next turn when she was about to approach his side, Cox called her name, my panting wife looked up just in time to realize it was too late and his five inch thick cockhead jammed in her mouth. I had moved slightly towards her back and saw that the trainer behind, another black man, was grinding his crotch in her pussy slit, visible to anyone interested to look through the slit in her leotards. Her pussy lips were also glistening with moisture in anticipation of all this sexual tension. The black guy behind her was holding on to the top bars and struggling to keep his passion in check.

I really felt pity for him and reached forward and unsnapped his leotards to let his cock free. I just wanted to make his feel comfortable but his cock snapped at attention and rubbed against my wife's wet pussy lips. The third time it hit the pussy, it slid in effortlessly and my wife screamed in ecstasy. Just then the machine's buzzer went off, and Cox stopped the machine.

"Let's move to the next exercise," he said, putting his cock back in the leotards. He thanked the other trainer, who looked like he needed release badly, and got out. This time we went into another room which had more conventional machines. As he positioned my wife on a weight bench, he asked another trainer to spot her. The other trainer stood above my wife's head and started helping her with the weights. He would bend down after each repetition bridging the gap between her face and his cock. And just when he was about to touch her face, he freed his cock and let it dangle over her face. Her mouth opened instinctively as his uncut cock probed her mouth, coating thick precum all over her lips. She let the thick intruder in her mouth and started sucking with his motion. By then Cox, positioned himself between her legs and opening them wide straddled her, thrusting his massive black cock in her pale pussy in one jerk. Her scream was chortled by the other uncut thick cock jammed in her mouth.

After the third set of the weights pressing, my wife shook the pretense off and started humping her new black trainer with all her might. His cock made slurping sounds as it pushed in and out of her wet hairy pussy. The other trainer started fucking her mouth like it was a pussy.

I was standing dumbfounded when Fernandez appeared from somewhere. 

"Hi why don't you too do some weights," he told me and directed me to another bench. As I lay down ready for my lift weights, he positioned himself above my head, his cock leaking precum. As he bent down slightly his thick smelly latino cock entered my virgin mouth and within three strokes, unleashed a torrent of thick smell sperm in my gullet. Since I was lying down I had no choice but to drink all of his potent sperm. Just when he was finished, Sameer took his place and started fucking my mouth.

As I licked Sameer's thick white sperms from the side of my mouth, I saw Cox was grunting and releasing millions of potentially baby-making sperms directly at the entrance of my wife's womb. And my smiling wife was milking the last few drops of the other trainer's cock. She seemed extra happy to see six other black trainers queuing behind Cox with huge thick veiny uncut cocks in their hands.

I was happy that finally my wife will be able to loose all that weight with so much exercise.

The End.