(Thanks to Don for providing this to me, I hope he finds the final version to his liking)

This tale goes back to when my wife and I were students before we were married. Like most young people we enjoyed sex and experimented a lot and at the time Lorna and I (Keith) were into our second year and both just about to turn twenty. We were part of a large crowd of friends so did a lot socially as a group which was great fun.

One Friday evening we went to a party at a house somewhere in south Manchester, it was miles from our digs and also a place we didn't know so there were probably only three or four others we actually recognised besides the four we arrived with. Now Lorna was dressed in a pair of tight leggings and a top that exposed her bare midriff so she looked really sexy but not tarty or anything. The party was disappointing so our friends left within an hour but since we knew a few others we stayed a while and then late on it got busier with a sudden influx of people. I guess it was around two in the morning we were aware that there were only a few left; half a dozen who lived at the house plus maybe the same number of others plus us. 

It sounds strange but someone put on some slow music and turned off the main lights so people tried to couple up only there were perhaps four women with twice that number of men. Anyway a few tracks in one of the guys asked if he could dance with Lorna and she agreed so she did. Now it's weird but a couple of guys kept asking Lorna for a dance and since I was just as drunk as she was, we both said ok and we took turns dancing with her over the next ten minutes or so. Now that's when one of them kissed her and she didn't stop him so the next dance the other guy did the same and of course so did I. Soon we were switching to kiss her and the dancing was forgotten. Now it was just drunken kissing, only Matt, one of the guys told us he rented a room in the house and since the beer was gone (along with the wine and just about everything else) he offered to share his own drink he had in his room. Lorna then said `why not' and we followed him upstairs.

I'm not sure if I was really thinking about what might happen or not but as soon as we were in the bedroom he produced a bottle of gin, some tonic and began to give us all drinks. After a couple of cheers he put his down and said; `where were we?' and with a grin added, `my turn'. He sat on the bed and pulled Lorna to him then they kissed only this time his hands roamed all over her legs and squeezed her rear. I don't know what I expected her to do but she didn't do anything except kiss him back. The second guy; Gavin told us it was his turn so sat next to his friend and pulled Lorna to him kissing her deeply as well, his hands actually cupping her breasts.

Now I could have stopped this but not only was it clear Lorna was happy for him to do it, I was enjoying it as well and decided it was my turn so grabbed her and we kissed hard my hands rubbing the thin material between her legs eliciting a small moan. Suddenly Matt pulled her from me and pushed her to the bed shoving his hand down the front of her leggings and over her crotch. Lorna moaned more loudly this time as it was clear he wriggled a finger into her. Gavin then gripped her waistband and yanked down her clothes which peeled down exposing her tiny briefs and Matt's fingers working away. Lorna didn't even blink at this as Gavin removed her shoes and with my help (I wanted this as much as everyone else) her knickers followed the leggings. Matt pulled the top from her and then unclipped her bra and within a minute she was naked.

Now this was the really unbelievable part; Lorna was now stroking Matts erection (still in his trousers) clearly signalling to us all she was up for this. So Matt dropped his trousers and shoved his hard cock into her in a flash. Lorna gasped and gave a whimper but pulled him closer as they had sex fast and furious. Matt lasted only a few minutes before he came then before he could even think about resting Gavin dragged him off and having dropped his own trousers offered his smaller cock to her opening. My girlfriend didn't say a thing just pulled him to her and she was off again. She had a climax during this but was getting close to another when Gavin shot his load as well leaving me to have sloppy thirds.

Lorna was very excited as I began to hump her only things go even more hedonistic when Gavin pushed his cock in her mouth and she responded by sucking enthusiastically. The sight of this put me over the top and I rolled to the side giving the now hard again Gavin access to her. Matt took his place so as I sat back drinking my gin I watched Lorna taking two strangers top and bottom clearly enjoying it. The whole effect was to get me hard again only both guys were well into their stride now and having both climaxed recently they lasted a bit of time. In fact Matt came first so I had to offer my cock to Lorna's mouth as Gavin showed no signs of stopping and to be honest Lorna was giving ever indication she was approaching a major climax.

Finally he came and Lorna let go of my cock to yell as her own orgasm hit her and she seemed to go into convulsions for a couple of minutes. She then grabbed my cock and worked hard with her mouth until I came. We were all spent and I can hardly explain just how fantastic it had been for us all. Lorna then suggested we get a taxi (Matt wanted us to stay but we decided not to) and an hour later we were back at my place making love again; her telling me how hot that night had been. The next day we were both a little quiet until I asked her if she was ok about what happened and that broke the ice and she said yes as long as I was.

It was just a very erotic and special evening and we never regretted it for one second but never did anything like it again, in fact we never even tried. 

