The Twins Chapter 3 
Jenny catches up.  

By JimBob 
Copyright 2010  

mg,mast, oral, ped  

Jenny takes a turn with Brad and catches up with Joyce.
Now the girls are equal, what else can happen? 

    Jenny stared at the fake birthmark for a moment, then she stretched
the elastic waistband as far up as she was able, and let it go. 

    Snap!  The sleeping girl jumped, opened her eyes, then got into a
defensive posture as far from her angry twin as she could.  "Ouch!  What
did you do that for?" 

   "Oh, I was just admiring my birthmark, and my finger slipped." 

    Joyce pulled her pants down and examined the fake birthmark.  "How did
that get there?" She wet a finger with her tongue and rubbed over the mark,
leaving a larger brown smear.  "You know, that's what you get for switching
drinks.  I really just wanted to get to sleep last night."

    "Yeah, I know." 

    "I didn't want to, but I had to take your place." 

    "Yeah, yeah, yeah." 

    "I didn't want to disappoint Brad." 

    "Did Brad like my birthmark?" 

    'Yes, but he hardly looked at it.  He was busy looking at something
else." 

    "Ooh!  Your pussy?  Tell me!" Jenny forgot her anger.  The twins
tricked each other all the time, but they had genuine love for each other,
and nothing could keep them apart.  Jenny jumped in beside Joyce.

   "Tell me!" 

    "First we kissed for a while.  He put his hands under my top and felt
my tits... 

    "Tits?" 

    "Yeah, he calls our boobs, tits.  He felt them, then he took my shirt
off, then he touched them and...  Guess what!  He kissed them and he sucked
on them!" 

    "Oh, my God!  He did?  Like a baby?" 

    "I don't know about a baby, but Brad sure made them feel good." Joyce
rubbed her bosom in fond memory and to make Jenny jealous. 

    Jenny rubbed her boobs too, but it is in envy of the feelings Joyce
got that should have been hers.  Darn it.  She got her boobs played with
and sucked on yet.  "Was that all?" 

    "Heck no!  That was only the start.  While he was sucking my boobs and
kissing me, he put his hand on me...  Right here!" Suiting action to words,
Joyce grabs Jenny's yonie through her PJ's. 

    "OH!" Jenny was shocked.  "He did THAT?" 

    "Shhh!  Yep.  It's a good thing I went first.  You would have screamed
and woke up the whole house." 

    Jenny had to admit that Joyce might be right.  She is kind of inclined
to scream at times.  "Um, what else did he do?" 

    "Took off my pj pants...  And my panties." 

    "Joyce!" Jenny couldn't believe Brad would do that. 

    "Yep.  Then he...  Um, he stuck his tongue in my yonie." Joyce decided
that was as far as this true confession was going. 

    "Oh, my gosh!  What did it feel like?" 

    "A lot like yours did, only more manly.  Let's get up, I'm hungry, and
Mom and Dad will be leaving soon." 

    "Oh, okay.  But you got to tell me more tonight." 

    "By tonight you might be telling me stuff."

     The girls got dressed and went down for breakfast.  They were the
last ones to eat, and they had to clean up after themselves.  Everyone
works on a farm.  Then they helped see their Mom and Dad off for their
trip. As a big concession to the twins, Brad was freed for four hours in
the afternoon to entertain them.  They planned a trip to the swimming hole
on the river on this nice warm day.  The twins did their wash and cleaned
the upstairs for Aunt Min, then helped her prepare lunch.  These are nice,
well behaved little girls on the most part.  They just have this mystery
they have to solve.  Joyce, of course was one up on Jenny, and that is
totally unacceptable to Jenny.  It was catch up time. 

    Lunch over, the twins and Brad were free for the afternoon.  They
retired to their respective bedrooms.  Brad donned an old pair of raggedy
cut off jeans, and Joyce and Jenny put on their newest, most skimpiest
bikini suits.  Then they put on shorts and t-shirts for the walk through
the woods.  The farm dogs accompanied them as they walked through the
woods. 

    Brad's mind was on Jenny and last night, and on wondering how much he
would see of her body today in her suit. 

    Jenny was wondering if she and Brad would have a moment together so
she could begin her catch up with Joyce. 

    Joyce was thinking about Brad's cock in her mouth last night, how it
spurted cum, and how icky that cum was in her mouth and on her face.  She
was going to be ready next time. 

    The swimming hole was a wide place in the river in the woodlot on the
farm.  It was about a half mile from the house, not too far to walk, but
far enough that they didn't worry about interruptions.  When Brad and the
girls arrived, they stopped at their usual spot to remove their outer
garments. 

    Brad's eyes bugged when he saw the girls in their swimsuits.  They
wore different colored suits, but otherwise looked the same.  Jenny had a
plan though.  She was going to adjust her suit while Brad was looking and
make sure he accidentally saw her birthmark.  And there would be no hot
drinks tonight.  That manly tongue belonged to her tonight. 

    Joyce hoped the cool water would revive her and wake her up.  The late
hour cavorting had drained her energy, and with a full stomach, she was
having a hard time keeping her eyes open. 

    Brad and Tommy, who lived on the next farm down the river, had built
and anchored a six drum diving float in the deepest part of the river this
spring.  The girls were thrilled and delighted to see it, and they couldn't
wait to swim out to it.  Once there, the girls dove and jumped several
times while Brad sat and watched their lithe young girl bodies, wet and
slippery in the bright sun.  After five dives, Joyce crawled out, and lay
down on the deck for a rest and a tan she told Brad.  Jenny went and sat
next to Brad. 

    "So, Brad.  Do you have a girlfriend yet?" 

    "I kind of had one." 

    "What's her name?  What happened?  You guys have a fight?" 

    "Evie.  She had to go back to the city." 

    Just then they heard a snore from behind them.  They looked around. 
Joyce was sound asleep, head on her arm. 

    Jenny giggled.  "Look!  She's drooling." 

    "Sssh!  Let's swim to shore.  Come on." Brad led the way and waded out
to the grassy spot where the dogs were sprawled on their sides in the sun.


    Brad led Jenny to the towels and they wiped down then went to the log
in the shade.  Brad sat on the log.  Jenny started to sit next to him, but
Brad patted his thighs so Jenny sat down there with a thrill warming her
below her belly.  Brad pulled her close to his body, and kissed her.  Jenny
remembered just in time to open her mouth, and Brad kissed her with all the
passion a teen age boy who had gone without sex for over twelve hours could
muster.  His free hand roved over her young body that it knew so well from
last night. 

    Jenny felt excited and scared.  She had planned on doing this in
Brad's bed tonight, if she had to whack Joyce with one of Brad's baseball
bats to get her out of the way.  She was scared because she had thought she
would have all afternoon and evening to build up her nerve. 

    "Jenny!  Remember last night?" 

    No, Jenny did not remember last night.  She debated for only a moment,
and then decided the farce had gone on long enough. 

    "No, Brad.  I wasn't there last night.  It was Joyce." 

    "What?" 

    "It was Joyce who French kissed you first.  It was Joyce last night.
She gave me sleeping pills." 

    "But the birthmark!  The ribbon..." 

    "We had switched ribbons in the car for a trick and we forgot.  Then
Joyce used mascara or an eyebrow pencil and made the fake mole.  Here's the
real one." She pulled her suit down, not caring if he saw too much. 

    Brad's one track mind got back on track.  "Wow!  Jenny!  You are just
beautiful." His big hand moved to her suit bottom, and starting where she
had stopped, he peeled the suit off her bottom and down her legs.  Kissing
her deeply, he pushed her knees apart and covered her small mound with his
big hand.  His index finger stroked her clit. 

    "Oooh!" Jenny reacted to the first touch of male hand on her clitoris
by spreading her legs wider as the fire rushed up her belly and into her
chest.  Her nipples popped up hard and erect.  An arm went around Brad's
neck to draw his head down into a deeper kiss.  Brad took the small body in
his arms and laid it on the grass in front of his seat.  He whipped open
his shorts and slid them down his legs and off.  His erection was free. 

    Jenny lay on her back.  Brad's cock looked enormous to her, as she
only had an eight year old boy two years ago for comparison. 
Involuntarily, in reaction to the size, Jenny spread her legs even wider,
straining as she imagines that enormous cock going...  Where did it go
anyway? 

    Brad is mesmerized by her posture, so much like Evie's that night.  He
dropped to his knees between those wide spread legs, He leaned forward,
clasped the slight body in a one armed embrace, pulled her into just the
right position and angle, and when his penis tip feels warm, moist flesh,
he thrust. 

    The cry awakened the dogs, but not the sleeping girl on the raft.  
The dogs looked around, sniffed the air and then put their heads back
down. 

    The girl rolled her head from side to side, but made no more sound. 
The boy was frozen in horror.  What had he done?  He could not move. 

    "Jenny?  Are you all right?" 

    "Ow!  That really hurt.  Ouch!  DON"T MOVE!" 

    "I was gonna pull it out." 

    "NO!  Don't move.  It hurts if you move." 

    "My gosh, Jenny.  You are so tight." 

    "Your thing is so big and hot.  Why did you get it in there?" 

    "I think I slipped or something.  Does it still hurt?" 

    "Not if you stay still." 

    "I know, but it's hard.  Your pussy feel like it is squeezing it. 

    "My pussy?  Oh, you mean my yonie!" 

    "Do you girls still call it that?  That's a baby name for it.  Call it
your pussy." 

    "Um, Brad?" 

    "Yeah?" 

    "Could you real slow, push it in a little bit?" 

    "In?  Oh, Jenny!" 

    "Um, a little more.  Uh huh, that feels better." 

    "Oh, Jenny!  I think it's all the way in." Feeling a little cramped in
his left arm, which is under Jenny's body, Brad pulls his arm out so he can
support his upper body with both elbows. 

    "Ouch!" 

    "Oh, did I hurt you?" Brad pulls back an inch. 

    "NO!  Don't move that thing!  It is something under my shoulder." 

    Brad lifts Jenny's shoulder and pulls a stick out.  He also pushes
himself back in.  "How's that?"

     "Mmmm, much better.  It doesn't hurt now." 

    "Your pussy doesn't hurt?" 

    Jenny considers for a moment.  "No, not right now." 

    "Jenny?  Can I try moving a little?" The tight sheath holding his cock
was driving Brad nuts.  He had his cock buried to the hilt in his ten year
old cousin.  His libido was temporarily derailed because of concern for her
pain.  Now it came roaring back.  He had been making fraction of an inch
adjustments, and she had not protested. 

    "Okay, but if I holler, you stop." 

    Brad slowly pulled out an inch.  No scream.  Two inches.  A slight
frown, but no scream.  Another inch... 

    "Hey!  Don't take it all out!" 

    "Oh!  Does it hurt?" 

    "No.  But don't take it out.  Push it back in." 

    Brad looked in Jenny's eyes as he pushed it in again, then slowly
pulled it out and pushed it back in. 

    Jenny sighs and closed her eyes.  "Yes.  Do that." 

    Brad started a steady pace, Trying to keep it gentle for the little
girl.  She gasped on some withdrawals, and grunted when he seemed to bottom
out, but he could not tell if it is from pain or pleasure.  But she didn't
cry out, nor try to hold him, so he shortened his stroke, and increased his
speed. 

    Jenny started to pant, and moveed her pelvis and hips to ease some
slight discomfort and increase the pleasure each stroke brought her.  She
even dared to lift one leg and curl it around Brad's thigh just below his
butt.  She rolled her head to the side.  The girl on the raft had rolled
onto her back, but was not moving.  Jenny closed her eyes again and savored
the interesting feelings she was experiencing.  This was not half bad. 

    Brad started to grunt with each thrust.  His time was near.  He was a
teen, did not know that girls, especially little girls, might have need for
a little digital help, a finger on the clit, maybe up the anus, something
to bring the crisis upon them.  So he reached his peak, made a few more
frantic strokes, and grunted out his climax in Jenny's ear.  "Oh, Jenny! 
Oh!  What a great fuck!  Oh, Jenny!" 

    Jenny's eyes opened at Brad's sudden urgency, wondering what brought
it on.  Then the first pulsating release of semen spurted from Brad's cock
as he strained to bury it in her.  The hot liquid splashed her cervix, It
flooded into the depths of her.  It was joined by another flood, and
another.  She felt warm liquid running down her butt crack.  What was going
on?  Brad was lying on her now, no longer supported by his elbows.  He was
breathing heavily in her ear.  She felt trapped, cornered.  There iwas no
more pleasure. 

    Brad lifted his head and looked into Jenny's eyes.  He mistook the
look of panic in her eyes for pain.  He pulled back and out, and rolled to
one side.  A flood of semen streaked with blood followed, running down over
Jenny's crotch and down over her buns.  Brad lay on his back and shut his
eyes to savor this last conquest. 

    With Brad gone from covering her, Jenny laid on her back; one arm
crooked over her eyes, trying to sort out her feelings.  Wondering what the
heck had just happened to her. 

    Old Blue, the hound, lifted his head.  Sniffed the air.  Sorted out
the air currents to settle on the direction and distance.  Decideed it was
worth the effort of rising.  Followed his nose to Jenny's crotch.  He
extended his long tongue and lapped Jenny's crotch from asshole to top of
the cleft.  Savored the taste.  Did it again.  And again.  Once more. 

    Jenny felt the presence of something between her legs, but thought
Brad was back at it, and since he did not seem to be poking anything into
it, and whatever it was felt good rubbing over her clit, she waited almost
thirty seconds to look.

     Jenny's scream caused Old Blue to do a back flip.  It brought Brad
and all the other dogs to their feet, looking around wildly.  It brought
the girl on the raft to a sitting position from a deep sleep.  Jenny could
not talk.  She could only point to Old Blue, who decided he might be in
some kind of trouble.  He slunk behind Brad, and peered out at Jenny from
between Brad's legs. 

    Tommy, from the next farm heard the faint cry of a girl, and assumed
Brad and the girls were swimming.  He decided to wrangle some time off in
the afternoons for a little rest and recreation too. 

    Jenny was now looking between her legs, which Old Blue had done a
pretty darn good job of cleaning up.  As if to acknowledge his pride in his
work, Old Blue cleaned his jowls with an audible slurp. 

    Brad realized what had happened, and broke into laughter.  "Aw, Jenny,
Old Blue was just trying to help clean you up." 

    Thanks to Old Blue, Jenny failed to see any blood, which believe me,
was a good thing for Brad. 

    He took her hand, helped her up, and led her into the water so she
could rinse between her legs.  Brad rinsed his cock off too, which had some
blood on the underside, hidden from Jenny's eyes.  Jenny and Brad got back
into their swimsuits.  They swam out to the raft. 

    "What happened?  Joyce asked.  "Why did you yell?" 

    "Old Blue was...  Um, Old Blue scared me."

   "She was dozing, and he gave her a little kiss or two." Brad chimed in.
"Hey Joyce, show me your birthmark?" 

    "I don't have a birthmark." 

    "You did last night!" 

    Joyce looked at Jenny.  "Did you tell him?" 

    "Naw, she didn't have to.  You're the only virgin here, after all." 

    "Huh?" Joyce looked from one to the other.  Something had happened
between those two and she will have to get Jenny alone to find outwhat it
was.  She was kind of warm and sweaty from sleeping in the sun, so she dove
in and swam around the raft.  All the kids swam for a while, and then
toweled off and walked back to the farm house. 

    Joyce could hardly wait until they were in the bedroom.  "All right!
What the heck happened with you two?" 

    "I think Brad fucked me.  He said it was a great fuck." 

    "Jenny!  You mean he put it in your hole?" 

    "All the way.  He said it was all the way in... Oh!  And I told him
that was you last night." 

    "Was he mad?" 

    "I don't know.  He had my bottoms off, and he looked at me kind of
funny, then he laid me on the ground and stuck it right in." 

    "Did it hurt?" 

    "Do bears go potty in the woods?  Yes, it hurt!" 

    "Is that when you yelled so loud?" 

    "No, that was when that damn dog was licking my pussy!" 

    "Your pussy? 

    "Yeah.  Brad said Yonie is a baby word." 

    "Pussy." Joyce committed it to memory. 

    "Yeah.  That's the right name for it. 

    "I wonder why?" 

    "Why what?" 

    "Old Blue was licking your...  pussy." 

    "Brad said he cleaned me up." 

    "Brad probably got cum all over you too." Joyce thought having Old
Blue lick it off would be better than wiping with Brad's smelly under
pants. 

    "He did that to you?  Wait, what is cum?" 

    "Yeah, but not down there.  Cum is what comes out when he comes.  It
squirts all over.  It is slimy and slippery and gooey." 

    "Where did he squirt you?" 

    "On my face." Joyce made a face. 

    "Joyce!" Jenny was truly shocked.  "Why did he do that?" 

    "Um...  Because I was sucking on it?" 

    "JOYCE!  Eeeew!" 

    "Gee, Jenny!  It's a way to do it.  Brad said..." 

    "Nope." 

    "He was licking on mine, and it felt really good!" 

    "I don't care.  Not me." 

    That just about ended the discussion that evening.  After supper the
girls went up to their room.  Brad was out of luck tonight. 

    Jenny was a little stiff and sore between her legs.  Joyce found she
was a little sore from too much sleeping in the sun.  Brad had to rely on
his ten little friends for his release.  

Watch for the next Twin story.

Both girls might get a virgin hole plumbed.  These stories are fantasies.
The characters are not real.  Do not try this at home or anywhere else. 

  


