Not So Innocent, Sleepy Little Village
by Isabella

Part 2

Paul followed me up to my bedroom, my heart was doing back flips with every step I took up the stairs. I opened my door and let Paul step in ahead of me, he walked across my room and reached for the curtains to close them but when his fingers brushed painted plaster rather than fabric, he looked at me and said, "No curtains Sarah?"

I looked him in the eye, "No curtains...no carpet...no fluffy stuffed toys, my bed and bedding are hypo-allergenic because I have chest issues!"

Paul walked over to me and cupped his left hand under my right breast, "You have a lovely chest darling...pitty you don't have curtains...I would have loved to keep the light on while we're fucking!"

"Why can't we leave the lights on?"

He looked at the window, being a three hundred year old cottage, the bedroom windows started just above the floorboards but only reached up to four feet high, I didn't see anything unusual about the positioning of the window, all the houses on Kettering Road had been built exactly the same way...mind you, most of the other houses on my road had curtains that they could close.

I suddenly looked in the direction of my mum and dad's room, they had started fucking in their bedroom and I thought, 'No, I've never heard that noise from my parents bedroom before...they must have been limiting their sexual activities to the living room or times when I was out of the house!'

I saw a flash out in the totally dark street, a man had just lit a cigarette out on the pavement, I looked closer, the glow cast by my bedroom window lit my mother's car up and the glow from my parent's room lit my father's car up, so they hadn't bothered to close their curtains either and while me and Paul were just standing in the middle of my bedroom kissing as he fondled my tit through my nighty, my mum and dad were fucking up a storm.

Paul started to unbutton his shirt and I looked out of the window, I saw from the glow of the cigarette that the man out in the street was looking from my bedroom window to my parents but he spent just a tenth of the time looking at my window and the rest of the time watching my parents fucking.

Paul pulled me into his chest, the warmth of his body passing through my thin nighty easily...my heart did another double flip as he kissed me, "I think there's a peeping Tom out in the street...he's paying most of his attention to John and Vicky but if we start fucking with the lights on, I'm sure that he'd rather watch you being fucked than Vicky!"

"There seems to be a lot of it about...we were peeping at the couple in the Subaru earlier and before that, just before you spoke to my dad, one of my teachers was peeping in our car until I opened the window and used his name...he took off like Usain Bolt on steroids!"

"Didn't you want your teacher to watch you having sex?"

"I had no idea..." I stopped talking for a moment as I struggled to unfasten Paul's trousers...Girl's clothing I found no difficulty with but men were an odd shape, they didn't have wide hips so needed their belts to be fastened much tighter than I would need, just to hold their trousers up. "...why...", 'success!' His trousers slid down his legs, exposing his underpants, "...we were sitting there in Slash Lane, my father had just picked me up from work when he saw the woman in the Subaru being followed closely by the man in the Black car...I think he wanted me to actually see a man and woman fucking to try to get me interested in sex!"

He kissed me and I touched the waistband of his underpants...they fired down to the floor like a catapult...he was totally naked now, I looked over his shoulder and saw that the man in the street was now looking in our direction. Because of the time of night...or should that be morning? I assumed that the man had to live close by and I would probably know him but in the darkness, with only the tip of his cigarette providing any light and that being from below his nose, it made a grotesque mask keeping his true features from me.

"Would you have let your father fuck you in his car on Slash Lane with all of us peeping toms watching you?"

I laughed..."He couldn't fuck me...he's my dad!"

"Well, it is illegal for a father to fuck his own daughter but there's nothing really wrong with a little daddy daughter loving, no one really get's hurt...hey, the man's watching us, would you like me to turn the lights off?"

I looked down into the street again, not only was the man out there watching us rather than my parents, he had moved along the road, I looked from him and back into my bedroom, he'd moved to a place where he would be able to see all of my bed and not just the bottom half of it.

"You can if you like but I don't mind one way or the other!" and just to prove that I didn't care, I stepped away from Paul and pulled my nighty off over my head, leaving me totally naked, I threw my nighty on the floor in the corner of the room and climbed on top of my bed.

"Are you really a virgin?"

I nodded my head, there was a little distraction from the street, Mr Duncan from opposite my house turned his outside light on, a powerful halogen light that lit up half the village, I caught a fleeting look at my peeping Tom, he was the new man who moved into the village in the Spring, I'd never spoken to him and didn't know his name but at least now I had the image of his cock stored in my new encyclopaedia of cocks that I started keeping just eight hours earlier in the day. Mr Duncan stepped out into his front garden and lit a cigarette...a secret cigarette smoker, I'd never seen him doing it before. The powerful light frightened my personal peeping Tom away again.

Paul left me lying on my bed on my own, he crossed the landing in the nude to the bathroom and returned with a dark towel to put under my bum in case deflowering me caused a mess.

Paul said, "This is more fun that installing a new kitchen in my friend's house...well...you ready?"

I grinned up at him and nodded my head.

He climbed on the bed and covered my body with his, he spent a little while positioning my body under him, it seemed like he was teasing me...I was desperate to feel his cock in my body and all he was doing was messing about, I was even more convinced that he was messing about when he asked me, "If you have a sticking plaster on your arm, would you rather pull it off slowly or fast?"

I got as far as "F..." of fucking hell get on with it man...when he dropped all of his body weight down on my cunt through the single point of contact of his cock, I screamed and then melted under the pleasure.

He started fucking me hard and I was bouncing from one orgasm to the next when he said, "By the way...you're wrong, when your father told me that you'd like me to come home with you, I told him that I thought that he was about to fuck you when I pulled up in Slash Lane and he said that he was thinking of doing you, just to get you interested in sex!"

Well, I thought that I was having a solid ten of an orgasm until he told me that and suddenly I realised that I was wrong because my new orgasm was double the power of what it had been, just because he told me that my father was planning on fucking me if no one else turned up that I liked and now I understood why my mother was howling at the moon in bedroom one under the man with the massive cock, my orgasm kicked up another level when I remembered that the man with the massive cock had offered to pay me one hundred pounds if I let him fuck me!

Paul was gasping for breath and I suddenly felt very warm in my belly, he was shooting his spunk deep into my body and that was all she wrote...as they say. He had climaxed and that was him finished, his upper body fell on top of mine, knocking the wind out of me, and he was almost babbling his combined thanks for the shag and congratulating me on how I took to his mounting.

Instead of basking in the afterglow of coitus, I was rudely reminded that I wasn't his girlfriend...he didn't belong to me, he checked his watch, swore, gave me the, "I've got to run...my wife will kill me!"

He dressed quickly and I reached for my dressing gown to see him out but he stopped me, there was a quick kiss, a, "Don't bother coming down to see me out...will you be around next Friday evening...earlier perhaps though so that we can spend a little more time together...I have your father's number, we can arrange something over the phone if you like!"

I'd been on a sexual high for seven or eight hours and now I felt deflated...let down!

I turned my bedroom light off but didn't feel like sleeping yet, not that I could have fallen asleep with the sound of my mother howling at the moon, 'At least my dad can still do it for her...just like the young stud that fucked her in the Coach and Horses a few hours earlier!'

I moved the towel from my bed and spread it out on the floor in front of the window, I sat on the towel, just looking out into the darkness, I saw Mr Duncan pacing up and down in his bedroom, 'like me I guess, finding sleep difficult but I'll bet it isn't for the same reason.

I watched him taking his dressing gown off, he was, like me, totally naked. He moved his pillow down his bed, he lay on the bed and pushed the pillow between his legs then he rolled, face down on top of the pillow and he started fucking it.

'Nice to see someone more frustrated than me!' jumped into my head, I guess that's what my teachers at school would call 'schadenfreude', my seeking out pleasure from someone worse off than me and Mr Duncan had been single longer than I'd been alive and he was over sixty so there would be less chance of him getting a fuck from a woman without paying for it!

I watched Mr Duncan fucking his pillow for ten minutes, I saw his body shake and buck, then he lay still, 'That's the point when Paul's chest fell against mine and nearly killed me!'

I watched as the old man rolled slowly onto his back, his cock was almost invisible in the nest of his pubic hair now, he threw the pillow onto the floor and then turned his bedroom light off.

I'd never lifted the stone of darkness off of my little village before...until today, I'd be in my bedroom at seven o'clock in the evening and asleep by nine o'clock at the latest and today, for the first time in my life, I'd seen a peeping Tom working my street, and talking about my peeping Tom, he was back, because my bedroom was now in total darkness, the little light wash from my mum and dad's bedroom was lighting him, just enough for me to see him standing there wanking while watching my mum and dad fucking.

'Silence'

Mum and dad finished their shag and they'd only been at it for two hours solid. I saw the peeper shoot his cream all over the boot of my mother's car, just before their bedroom light was turned off.

I sat for another hour in total darkness as well as total silence, it was just before four o'clock when the next happening in my sleepy little village happened, A Northampton City taxi pulled up a few doors down the road, Sally Preston was in the back of the cab. Sally was twenty-five years old, married to Aiden who was twenty six. I knew that Aiden worked away for two weeks of the month and he left last Monday, so would be away for another week. I also knew that Sally was a party girl and loved playing in the local nightclubs and if she was in a Northampton City taxi at four o'clock in the morning, she's probably spent the evening in Illuminati, one of the best night clubs in Northampton.

'that'll be twenty pounds madam'...'Do you have change for a fifty'...'No, but I take cards'

'Well, what the hell else can they be talking about in the car for all this time...oh, hello, he's turned his headlights off and now the engine as well!'

I watched as the driver leaped out of the car and opened the rear door for her to get out, he closed the back door and then he locked the taxi's doors and he followed her down the garden path and into her house.

'okay, don't be so suspicious, perhaps she didn't have enough cash in her handbag to pay him and she needs to go into her house to fetch more cash and he being the suspicious type is worried that she'll do a runner so he's following her to get his foot in her front door...oh, that's the bedroom light!'

I watched a shadow play on the driveway in front of Sally and Aiden's house...'that isn't her purse that he's putting his fingers in!'

There was a very loud shouty voice in my head screaming out, "God I need fucking again!" Why the hell did he have to go home to his wife after only fucking me once?

Okay, I'd seen it more than a dozen times before...one of my classmates loses her cherry to a boy at school and then she craved sex more and more, I'd even seen one girl allowing two boys to take her over the demolition site...I didn't see her doing both boys at the same time but they were only gone for twenty minutes so I had to assume that she'd done them both together at the same time! I'd been close when she tried to entice Declan to go with her to the old building that would be our school's new music wing in a years time, he wasn't interested and he told her to talk to Sam, in the end, she was so desperate for sex that she went off with Sam and his younger brother for twenty minutes of fun and when she returned for fifth period English, she didn't have any lipstick on her lips and most of her eye makeup was running and smudged.

Sex really was like a drug and even after just one fix...I was totally addicted.

There was a hooter sounding in the street outside my house, 'How inconsiderate, a driver sounding his hooter at this time of the night!' jumped into my sleepy brain. I opened my eyes, shit, it was broad daylight and I was still sitting on the floor in front of my bedroom window, I was still totally naked and my tits were pressed against the glass...fortunately, the hooter seemed to be caused by our milkman blocking the Kettering Road and some impatient bugger couldn't wait ten seconds while the milkman dropped two pints of gold top off at number sixty-four (or as the owners had renamed it, 'Sea View'!) The joke was missed by most people but the owner of the house had estimated that the footprint of the house was actually directly over the 'Meridian', the line that marked the furthest point from the sea in any direction.

It was eight o'clock in the morning and my arse was stuck to a bath towel. I squealed with the pain of peeling the rough towelling material off of my arse and I pulled my nighty on and then reached for my dressing gown for the walk between my bedroom and the bathroom but didn't put it on. For the first time since 'B' day...the day my breasts first started to show through my nighty, I left my bedroom wearing just my nighty. I started the bath filling up and I sat on the toilet to pee, looking down between my legs I saw a healthy scab of dried maidenhead blood and five hour old semen covering my labia.

I looked at my face in the mirror, I smiled at myself and winked my eye at me...this time yesterday, I was just an ordinary fifteen year old school girl, now, just twenty four hours later, I was a woman...I knew what it was to feel a man's cock in my belly.

I climbed in the bath and soaked...in my head, I scanned the village, there were no girls of my age, no girls anywhere close to my age but there were men...lots of men and most of them flirted with me and my mother, even if my father was around. There was also a boy, he was sixteen years old and went to Bedford School, a private boarding school that also took day pupils for money...quite a lot of money. I smiled again, I'd have to see if Robert wanted to come out to play later in the day.

I heard my father knock on my bedroom door, "Are you two decent in there?"

"I'm in the bath dad!"

He opened the door and looked shocked, in my head, he had been shocked because I was sitting in the bath totally naked and hadn't rushed to cover myself in any way, usually I'd put a face cloth between my legs and hold a towel across my chest if my dad walked in on me, "Where's Paul?"

'Ahhh! That's what shocked him, he expected me to be in the bath with Paul!'

"He went home around three o'clock...worried about getting shit from his wife!"

"Oh I'm sorry darling...it would have been much nicer if he had spent the whole night with you, that would have made your first time a lot more special!"

I shrugged my shoulders, making my tits bounce and his cock head...what did my physics teacher call it, sympathetic resonance...where one object bounces, causing another, unconnected object to bounce at the same time...because all my father was wearing was his pyjama bottoms and nothing else, when his cock bounced in time with my tits, it was very noticeable.

He smiled at me and said, "It's really nice that you're comfortable with me seeing you naked now darling!"

I returned his smile, rolled the bar of soap in my hands and started washing my breasts, "A lot has happened since my bath on Friday morning!"

"Would it freak you out if I did a pee?"

I chuckled, "So long as you make your pee in the toilet and not in my bath...I think that the man who took Kelly to the Coach and Horses last night weed on her while she was in the bath!"

His eyebrows raised and his smile broadened, "Sounds interesting!"

Dad moved over to the toilet and he pushed his pyjamas down to his ankles, he lifted his cock and then he made the mistake of looking over at me as I sat rubbing soap into my tits and his cock started to grow in his hands, "Damned it...I can't pee with a bone in my cock!"

I rinsed my tits off and stood up, "I'd better leave you alone to have your pee."

I pulled a towel around my shoulders and walked over to my bedroom to dry off. I sat on the floor in front of my bedroom window again and looked out into the street. I'd spent more time looking out of my bedroom window in the last few hours than I'd spent in the last fifteen years that I'd lived in the house...not that much went on in our street as a rule.

I saw the man who lived across the road at Orchard Cottage leaving the house dressed in a football strip, he slid into his car and pulled off of his drive, he was making for Back Lane so I assumed that he was going to Kettering and as he drove past the back of my mum and dad's cars, I saw his next door neighbour leave Apple Blossom House and he stepped over the fence dividing the two properties, I saw the footballer's wife open her front door in anticipation of her neighbours arrival, she looked up and down the road but didn't see me sitting in my bedroom window. The couple embraced just inside the front door and then the woman started to climb the stairs while her neighbour closed the front door.

Two minutes later I saw the woman closing her bedroom curtains and when the curtains were half closed, I saw the man wrapping her body in his arms...'Damned it...this isn't helping me to forget that itch between my thighs at all...I need to do something to get my mind off of sex!'

'Homework!' I needed to do my homework before Monday morning anyway so I might as well start it now to try and take my mind off of sex. I opened my geography textbook and looked at the question, 'What the hell was I up to on Wednesday when I'd written this crap in my geography book?' The only thing that I could put it down to was watching my best friend Amanda Finch flirting with Simon Baker in the classroom, Amanda had suddenly discovered boys overnight and was throwing herself at Simon.

I put my laptop on the floor in front of me while my computer loaded up, I was momentarily distracted by the Amazon delivery driver knocking at the front door of Orchard Cottage. I saw the woman open the curtains and look out, she was totally naked as she stood in front of her window. My computer boasted that it was finally open with a 'Ta-da!' and by the time I looked back at Orchard Cottage, the door was open and the woman was talking to the delivery driver, she was almost wearing a very small kimono with no belt holding it closed so she needed to hold it closed to hide her body from the driver, naturally, he needed her to sign for the delivery and holding his tablet in one hand while signing the touch screen meant that she gave him a very good flash. I looked up at the bedroom window and saw the man from Apple Blossom House was looking down at the scene on the doorstep while he rubbed his cock.

'Fucking hell, there's more going on in my little village that I ever imagined possible!' jumped into my head.

I linked in to my school account, chose the geography portal and popped a question into the forum, 'Can anyone from year ten in Mr Ball's Wednesday geography class help me with this week's homework question please?'

I'd posted my question in the open forum but I got a private message in response from RB@geography, 'Sarah, the question for this week's homework assignment was to compare and contrast the coal industry in Derbyshire and the Glassmaking industry in the Black Country.'

I hit the reply to the private message, 'Is that you Mr Ball?'

'Yes Sarah it is!'

'Sorry about last night sir!'

'What happened last night?'

'I opened my window and said good evening to you and that it was a nice night for a walk in the country!'

'Oh God, I didn't realise that it was you...I thought that it was a much older girl...you looked much older in the car than you looked in the classroom on Wednesday.'

'Probably a good thing that I spooked you though because the police turned up thirty minutes later.'

'Oh my God...are you in trouble?'

'No, I made a clean get away...in the end no one got into trouble, it was all sorted out because the police did a few things wrong!'

I got another private message from AF2@KSA, that was Amanda Finch's user name on the Kettering Science Academy's school forum, 'Who's a lucky girl then Sarah?'

'Me!'

'No you silly bitch...it's me!!!'

'Why are you so lucky?'

'Simon was waiting for me after work last night, he came to walk me home safely after work.'

'And did you get home safely?'

':)'

'What happened?'

'Welllllll, it was just past seven o'clock by the time we got to my house and my mum was out at the bingo club and dad was out at his mates house helping him install a new kitchen so I knew that the house would be empty all evening so we went in to listen to music in the living room and...'

'You became a woman?'

'Big fat YES! And it was brilliant...you should try it!'

The comment about her father installing a kitchen in his friend's house last night rang a bell in my head, 'Errrrrrrm, Amanda, what's your father's first name?"

'Paul...why?'

'Just curious...does he drive a transit van?'

'His work van's a Mercedes Sprinter but he can only use that during the week for work!'

'Interesting, what was he driving last night?'

'He has an old Ford Granada.'

'Wow...so, what happened with Simon and the music in the living room?'

'We ended up doing it on the living room carpet!'

'You went all the way with him?'

'Yep!'

'With a condom or not?'

'Welllllllll, he didn't have one and he didn't have any money to buy any from the supermarket...I know it was crazy but I just wanted to become a woman so I let him do me without!'

'Looks like we'll both be visiting the school nurse on Monday morning for the morning after pill...did he call you this morning?'

'No...why?'

'Well, you know what boys are like, if all you'd given him last night was a hand job, he would have phoned you this morning as soon as you woke up...as he got to plant his seed in your belly last night he might not ring you today...well, I hope that it doesn't happen but boys tend to drop a girl once they've got what they want from her!'

'Simon isn't like that...I'm sure he'll...wait, why will we both have to visit the nurse on Monday morning for the morning after pill?'

'Because I joined the club as well last night after work.'

'Shit...seriously Sarah, wait, you got a job and lost your cherry last night...totally out of the blue?'

'Totally unexpectedly.'

'Where did you do it, the back seat of a car or a garden shed in someone's back garden?'

'In my bedroom.'

'Were your mum and dad out?'

'No, my dad encouraged me to invite the guy back to our house, after work, and he almost pushed me upstairs with him to get on with it.'

'Shit, I wish I had your parents instead of mine...my mum and dad are too straight to let me do anything in the house like that...and did your boyfriend phone you this morning?'

'No, we actually made a date for next Friday.'

'Double shit...you lucky cow. Hey, how's your homework coming along?'

'Haven't even started it yet!'

'Why don't you come over to my house, we can do it together.'

'Steady on Amanda...just because we've both lost our cherries...I'm not ready for a lesbian play date just yet!'

'Not do IT! you silly cow, we can help each other do our home work.'

'Okay, I'll see if my dad or mum will drop me off, your house is on the corner of Brook Street, right?'

'Brook Road and my house has the blue front door!'

I closed my computer down and wiped my browser history, just in case any of the forum chat or private messages were being held in history.

As I was packing my books I was asking myself, 'What to wear...what to wear?'

I could wear my new black dress, that would make Amanda jealous and she hadn't ever seen me wearing it before, if I wore my black dress, would I wear a bra under it or not...the dress was transparent enough that people would be able to tell that I was braless under the dress, would I wear my new black knickers under the dress, it would feel far sexier if I wore the dress with just the new black stocking under it...'Shit, I'm at it again, my mind is on sex again when I should be thinking about my homework!'

Anyway, I had another shift at the Coach and Horses tonight and I'd better keep my new dress clean for that.

I put my boring 'Normal' knickers on and picked out my red running shorts on top, the sides of the shorts had a cross over seam on the outsides of the legs to allow maximum leg movement without chafing but when I looked at myself in the mirror, I realised that I could see the legs of my knickers under the cross over hem on the outsides of my shorts...so I took them off again as well as my knickers. Well, I was thinking of not wearing knickers under my black dress, so, why not go commando under my shorts.

So, my red running shorts were now firm, my choice of t-shirts was red, white or blue for my top and then I spotted my two year old Northampton Town Football Club shirt, it was too tight to wear now with my bra on under it but I might just get away with it if I left my bra off as well.

I looked at my reflection in the mirror and swished my hips from side to side, my t-shirt was just tight enough to hug my breasts and stop them bouncing about and to finish the look off, I put my hair into bunches with a little delicate makeup on my face.

I took my book bag down to the kitchen and asked if either my mum or my dad would take me into Kettering to Amanda's house, my mum gave me a shocked look, it was the first time that I'd ever asked for a lift to a friend's house to do my homework.

Dad ran me into town and I directed him to the Brook, he could have driven through the estate to drop me off outside Amanda's front door but from the main road, it was just a short walk over a bridge to get to her house.

I knocked on the front door and Paul opened it, "Good morning Mr Finch, Amanda invited me to come around so that we could study together.

I had to smile, he didn't realise who I was, dressed like a thirteen year old with my short hair in bunches and the understated makeup I was wearing but I needn't have worried because after the first scan of my face when he opened the front door, he never looked at my face again, his eyes were flashing from my tits to my crotch and his own cock was growing inside his jeans and he wasn't trying to hide the fact from me that I was making him hard.

Amanda ducked around her father, "Dad, don't keep my friend standing out in the street like that!"

Paul turned his cock away from Amanda so that she didn't see it.

Amanda guided me up to her bedroom and as she closed her bedroom door I said, "Your dad has a lovely looking cock...did you know that young girls turned him on?"

She laughed at me, "He flirts with all of my friends mercilessly but I'm sure that he's harmless!"

We knuckled down to our homework assignments, fortunately, Amanda knew quite a bit about the Black Country and I could muddle through about the coal industry in Derbyshire so we ended up only having to do half the actual work each.

Amanda's phone rang, she looked at the screen, Simon's picture was on the screen and his name in Gothic script under it..."See, he did ring...just a little late is all!"

Amanda didn't take the call in private, rather she actually wanted me to hear just how much Simon was in love with her, so she took the call on speaker phone.

"Hi baby...what you doing?"

"Just doing a little homework with Sarah!"

"Clarke?"

"Yes...why?"

"Dave Cooper likes Sarah...and he's at my house right now with a few of his friends, I was wondering if you'd like to come over for a drink with us while we watch the match on the big screen TV."

Amanda looked a little worried, she'd heard the stories about the way that some boys passed a girl around their friends after they first fuck her, the two main outcomes from an evening of fucking were for the girl to be dumped or passed around, very few had a lasting relationship with a new lover. She was biting the inside of her cheek and was twisting in the wind nervously... "I'm...going...to have to ask my dad first darling, my mum's at work and he might want me to go shopping with him!"

Amanda pressed the mute button and she looked at me nervously, "That's not a good sign is it?"

I heard a weak voice on the phone, "When Amanda and Sarah get here, don't go mad, let me get a drink into them first before you try for anything..."

"Well, it looks like he was planning on passing you around a few of his friends...did you think that he'd be your 'Forever boyfriend'?"

She looked thoughtful for a moment and shook her head..."Realistically, I never even expected him to call...actually, I didn't really expect him to pick me up from work last night if I'm honest!"

"Well, I'm up for a bit of fun with David Cooper...actually, I'm so turned on right now that I wouldn't even mind having sex with your dad right now!"

That caused Amanda to laugh and she un-muted her phone, "Simon darling, my dad said that it would be okay to come over for an hour or two!"

"Cool, the match coverage lasts less than two hours anyway!"

Amanda asked me if I wanted to borrow one of her party dresses, I refused and she decided that she needed a nice dress and a little makeup so I went down to the kitchen to where her father was reading a newspaper on the kitchen table. Paul looked up as I walked into the room, this time his eyes didn't even go near my face, straight to my breasts and then down to my crotch, "Would you like a biscuit or a drink of something...erm...I'm sorry, I don't know your name my dear!"

"I'm sure that you do know my name Paul, you certainly knew it at two o'clock this morning!"

Paul almost did a back flip he was so shocked at finding me in his kitchen, "What the hell?"

"Don't worry Paul...I'm in the same class as Amanda at school, I'm not here to cause you any trouble, just to hang out with Amanda!"

That caused a smile to suddenly cross his lips, he pushed his chair back and stood up, he wrapped his arms around my body and kissed me, groping my tits a few times for good measure before Amanda started to walk down the stairs and he jumped away from me and his fresh erection from Amanda.

We walked around to Simon's house and as we walked along, arm in arm, I said, "I'm not planning on accepting a drink at Simon's house...I just don't trust boys all that much...but they shouldn't be too upset, I'm planning on having fun without their childish pranks and antics!"

"They're only fifteen years old...do you think that they could get hold of serious drugs?"

"Well, we know that Simon and David are only fifteen but we have no idea who else is there do we, I'm just not willing to risk it!"

We walked a little further in silence, "Amanda, are you willing to let any of his friends fuck you that want to?"

Amanda smiled at me, "I guess so...let's face it, I was doubtful that I'd get anywhere with Simon until last night and if I'm going to get dumped today, I may as well have a little fun first!"

Amanda knocked on Simon's front door, he opened it and wrapped Amanda in his arms to kiss her, we were taken through the kitchen, Simon gestured to the counter top that was swimming in booze, "What would you girls like to drink?"

I jumped in quickly with, "Not for me thanks!"

Simon looked very disappointed but he made his mouth form a smile when he looked at Amanda, "What about you darling?"

She smiled sweetly at him, "Not at the moment thanks!"

'Body language detector on,' Simon's body screamed out, 'What the fuck are you two doing here?' it looked like he might even be about to turn us around and throw us out of his house!

I walked into the back room, it had a sixty inch TV on the wall and there were four pundits talking about the upcoming game, I spotted Dave on the sofa opposite the TV and walked over to him. He was sitting there with his legs crossed over so I pushed his right leg off of his left, "I didn't know that you fancied me David...you never mentioned it at school!"

I looped my right arm over his neck and sat on his knee, he was so shocked that even though I hadn't been drugged, I had just sat on his knee and started kissing him. While my lips were still covering his, I sought out his right hand and pulled it between my legs.

Because my shorts were so baggy, David had no problem getting his hand up inside the leg hole.

Amanda stood there looking at Dave wriggling his fingers up my cunt and then she turned to face Simon, as she unbuttoned the button on the back of the collar of her dress, she wriggled her shoulders so that her dress fell to the floor and she said, "Well darling, who did you want me to play with first?"

Simon looked like he was blustering...trying to deny that he was planning on passing her around his friends but he gave up as Amanda unfastened the back clasp of her bra and dropped it to the floor, he pointed to a much older looking boy sitting in the shadows, "My brother Richard!"

Amanda pulled her knickers down and stepped out of them, "Where do you want to do me Richard?"

He pointed to the lamb's wool rug in front of the TV and Amanda lay on the rug on her back.

I moved my mouth to David's ear, "Do you want to fuck me here on the sofa, take me to a bedroom or watch Amanda and Richard first darling?"

"Here on the sofa...will you strip off for me?"

"Of course!"

I pulled my t-shirt off over my head and eased my bum up off of David's lap so that he could pull my shorts down. There was a shuffling sound from the front living room, a much older man who looked a lot like Simon and Richard walked into the room, he walked down the back of the sofa as David repositioned me so that I was straddling his lap and made it easier for him to get his cock in my cunt.

Amanda was gasping through her orgasm in two seconds flat, Richard must have been a really good shag, unlike David who had barely got his cock all the way in my cunt before he spewed his cream into my belly and left me feeling very disappointed.

I was still kissing David when he lost sexual contact with me, his cock shrank down so fast that it could have triggered a speed camera for exceeding thirty miles per hour.

Strong hands pulled at the bunches I'd put in my hair, Simon's father was behind the sofa and he pulled my mouth off of David's and pushed his cock at my mouth.

'Oh wow, I get to learn how to suck a cock and I've still not been sexually active for a whole twenty-four hours.'

Other strong hands wriggled in between my stomach and David's, my body was lifted slightly off of David's and a cock slipped up my cunt from behind, at least the second cock in my cunt was bigger than David's and the boy was better at delivery than David, my biggest problem was not choking on Simon's father's cock as I tried to suck him while running through a massive orgasm.

I heard, rather than saw, Richard climaxing on top of Amanda and her weak little voice asking, "Simon...who's next?" and the sound of fucking from behind me started off all over again.

The final tally was, two fifteen year old boys, four boys between eighteen and twenty years old and Simon's father who was fifty-something and we both took on every one of them in our cunts as well as a few in our mouths.

When the boys were all fucked out, or rather, the football match was over and the boys needed to go home, Amanda and I were taken to a shower room under the stairs and while three of them watched, me and Amanda washed each other under the shower and they encouraged us to put on a lesbian show for them.

