“I’m sorry about the tongue twisters, Your Royal Highness,” Lionel said to Elizabeth when he saw that she had accompanied Bertie to his waiting room, as she still did on occasion. Also, as she still did on occasion, she looked at him as though he’d sprouted antlers and a tail. “I know it can be difficult to listen to the repetition...”

“Did my husband tell you that?” she asked sharply, her face flushing.

“Not in so many words, but he did ask me whether I knew any others so he could stop driving his family mad.” Lionel couldn’t read the expression she shot at Bertie, who shifted uncomfortably as well, though for a moment Lionel had thought Bertie might burst out laughing.

Elizabeth sat down, stiffly, in the more comfortable waiting room chair that Lionel had ordered specifically with her in mind, and pulled out a book, a clear dismissal of the men. He gestured toward the consultation room, and Bertie followed him inside.

“Everything all right?”

“Yes. N-no. That is, yes.”

The hesitation sounded less like a stammer than being unsure of the response. “You don’t sound entirely certain, Bertie.” Lionel watched as the Duke of York seated himself and took off his gloves. “No problems speaking?”

“None since I last saw you. Far fewer than before. Everyone I know says I sound like a different man.”

Lionel smiled at him. Bertie looked like a different man as well -- he sat straighter, held his head higher, laughed more easily. That last in particular might just have been comfort with Lionel, but the couple of times he’d gone to see Bertie speak in public, hiding in the crowd where he could remain invisible, Bertie had seemed much more at ease, both in front of an audience and making pleasantries before and after. “You sound like a happier man,” observed Lionel.

“I am. Thanks to you. Eliz- My wife said so as well.” Bertie tilted his head toward the door to the consultation room. Once again, his cheeks were flushed. “We’ve been doing the exercises every day.”

Pulling in a smirk, Lionel nodded. Now all the blushing and stammering made sense. “Enjoying them?” he asked. Bertie glanced up at him, mouth already rounded to speak a denial, but instead he nodded stiffly. “That’s good. It will reinforce the breathing if you associate it with being relaxed.”

“I’m not sure ‘relaxed’ is the word I would use.” Bertie rubbed a hand over his face, which was now nearly scarlet. “Logue, I don’t quite know how to ask this, or even whether I should...”

“You know anything you say will be held in the strictest confidence.” Lionel paused, thinking of Myrtle, his own cheeks feeling faintly warm. “I don’t think any harm can come of taking a break in the middle of the exercises, if that’s what you were going to ask.”

“It isn’t just that.” Bertie’s voice had gone quiet, though it remained steady. “My w-wife thinks...fuck, fuck, fuck. She thinks I’m p-preoccupied with you.”

“With me?” This was an unexpected turn, and one for which Lionel was unprepared. “You mean with getting my approval on your progress?”

Bertie shook his head. “I expect that’s part of it, but you must know what I mean. She teases me about -- oh, everything, she knows about the model airplane, she says I talk about you all the time. Even in bed.”

Swallowing, Lionel tried to gather his thoughts. A couple of times, he’d thought Bertie might have been a bit excited, even aroused, while they were rolling around on the floor together, but he’d written it off as an automatic physical response from a man unused to being touched in such a manner, and he hadn’t even been certain that Bertie had been aware of it as such.

“What’s it going to do to my bloody speech if she’s right?”

Lionel remembered a young soldier, barely eighteen, frail and terrified. The boy had barely been able to speak for weeks, and by the time he’d recovered his voice -- frozen into silence not only by the battlefield, but by what his father had done to him many years earlier -- he’d tearfully blurted out devotion to Lionel, who’d stumbled over his own words trying to explain that it was only a phase in healing and it would pass. The boy had been mortified into silence, and Lionel had never seen him again. He heard later that the boy had hanged himself. Guilt and remorse had haunted him for months.

“Doctor?”

The word tugged him back to the present, to Bertie in his consultation room looking nearly as humiliated. At least Lionel had learned a bit since then. He walked over and sat down next to Bertie, taking a deep breath.

“I think your wife is misunderstanding the nature of your preoccupation.”

Bertie laughed mirthlessly. “That’s what I told her. I wish I were sure it was true.”

At least Bertie didn’t sound like his defenses were up. That Elizabeth adored her husband, Lionel had no doubt; she wouldn’t have teased Bertie unkindly. “People often confuse one kind of preoccupation for another,” he said, trying to sound nonchalant about it rather than as if he were lecturing. “Working on your voice had made you more comfortable. And more confident.” Lionel was nearly stammering himself, thinking of Myrtle and her wicked words. “You associate the exercises with both feelings.”

“And with pleasure,” added Bertie, glancing toward the door to the waiting room, eyes slightly unfocused. No wonder Elizabeth had blushed when Lionel had apologized about the tongue twisters. “But if that’s all it is, why isn’t the feeling for my wife? Or contrarily for any passing woman I might find attractive? Why is it so specifically focused on you?”

Down, boy. Drawing on the concentration he'd learned to feign as an actor, Lionel forced himself to look Bertie in the eye. “I don’t want to presume, but I imagine it’s because for a long time you’ve not been used to feeling at ease except among people to whom you’re already attached, like your family.” Bertie tilted his head to one side, considering, then he nodded a bit. “So when you do feel at ease, your mind connects that with the idea that you must have formed an attachment.”

“You know I slept with other women before I was married. I never felt any sort of attachment to any of them.”

“But that was my point, that attachment isn’t necessarily indicative of preoccupation. As adults, we tend to think of many physical urges as forbidden because we've learned not to go around holding hands or kissing our acquaintances, but it doesn’t necessarily follow that because we enjoy being touched by someone, it implies a carnal attachment.” Lionel didn’t dare ask, but he had a feeling that most of Bertie’s premarital experiences had been with women who got by in life servicing wealthy men. Unconsciously, perhaps Bertie did think of Lionel as a geisha girl, despite Lionel’s protest. “I’m guessing that you didn’t have much physical affection from your parents -- no kisses goodnight, no hugs when you’d hurt yourself. Now you let me touch you because I let you sing and build models and other things your parents told you not to do. So I’m only a proxy for feelings you weren’t allowed to express in the natural way to other people.”

“A proxy?”

“Whatever you feel toward me isn’t really about me. It’s a safe place to direct feelings you never got to show to others. I believe the appropriate response is for me to tell you that I’m honored, but it would be a betrayal of your trust to let you believe they could ever lead anywhere.”

“I’d had the impression that the appropriate response might be to tell me that I’m a pervert.” Bertie’s eyes were downcast but his voice was surprisingly strong.

“I’m no moralist, and I don't believe such inclinations are a perversion in nature -- they're too common for that. You must have had some glimpses in the Navy. I certainly did with soldiers. What would be perverted would be to allow you to wallow in feelings that are misdirected. It would be selfish of me, and you’d come to hate me for it, and that would have a terrible effect on all the progress you’ve made.”

“You haven’t said you don’t want me.” Had Lionel been hoping that Bertie wouldn’t notice, or that he would? “Instead I think you’re telling me that I don’t really want you.” Bertie’s brows furrowed. He looked less relieved than Lionel had expected. His shoulders slumped, discouraged.

“I’m quite sure you don’t, and if you consider it, you’ll agree.” To break the tension, Lionel laughed a bit. “Go on, test my hypothesis if you wish.”

He’d meant that Bertie should consider it, but that wasn’t what Bertie heard; Bertie heard only the invitation. Lionel realized it an instant too late, as he sat there wondering why Bertie had taken his hand even though Bertie’s was shaking, and he watched Bertie’s eyes fall shut. By the time Lionel had thought to ask himself which was a bigger crime, kissing a prince or refusing a prince, Bertie’s lips were touching his.

And Lionel had lost the capacity for reason, for Bertie kissed exceptionally well. Lionel didn’t know why this surprised him, since Bertie was careful and methodical in so many aspects of his life, but Bertie was usually cautious when trying new things, and there was no caution in the mouth that moved over Lionel’s. Once he realized that Lionel wasn’t going anywhere, Bertie smiled, parting his lips (warm, soft, tasting of cigarettes) and his tongue stroked Lionel’s as his free arm came up around Lionel’s waist.

Again Myrtle’s words came back to Lionel: You think his name, I know it. His own wife knew he'd been interested; obviously he'd done an equally poor job of hiding it from Bertie, who glowed with happiness whenever Lionel encouraged him. Lionel leaned in to the kiss, returning it, giving Bertie his tongue, refusing to think any further about whether he was doing it for Bertie or for himself. He wasn't about to put a stop to one of the best kisses he'd ever had -- from the son of the bloody King of England -- just because it was immoral, unethical, and probably sinful.

Bertie drew back, the muscles in his jaw relaxed under Lionel's hand, which Lionel didn't remember lifting to Bertie's face in the first place. "Your hypothesis is wrong, Doctor. I'm afraid that my clever wife is right this time. And unless I'm very much misreading, you enjoyed that." Lionel didn't dare speak; he didn't trust his own voice. "I know that you're a happily married man, and I'm a happily married man, and it would be absolute madness to pursue this, but please don't tell me I don't feel what I know I feel. You're the one person I can usually count on not to make me pretend."

There wasn't a single stammer in a word Bertie had said. Lionel closed and opened his eyes. When he spoke, his voice sounded hoarse in his own ears. "You're right, of course. Especially about the absolute madness. Far be it from me to argue with a prince." At least he'd made Bertie smile. "Now, since you did ask about your bloody speech, do you suppose we can pretend that didn't just happen, and get back to the exercises?"

"We can get back to the exercises." Bertie tilted his head from side to side, loosening his tongue, though he appeared more relaxed than Lionel could remember seeing him, and his eyes were warm and happy.

Fuck, fuck, fuck.