Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Twenty-Seven: Futa Trickery! Hot Futa Passion Turns Wicked
Summary: The harem are ambushed and betrayed by the futa-treants!
Keywords: Hhh hh inc oral A2M ATP anal DP exhib voy D/s BDSM inter viol

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Brígida Vasquez

The futa-treant crushed my throat with her tight fingers. They strangled me with such strength, I couldn't breathe. And if I couldn't breathe, I couldn't cast spells. They all had somatic components. My lungs burned. Spots of darkness flashed across my vision.

I was dying. And the whole harem was dying with me.

The futa-treants—who'd had come out of the woods after the thunderstorm conjured by Myra and her bitches praying to the Goddess of Betrayal—had seemed nice. So loving. Willow had trusted them, and she was a futa-dryad.

They fucked us. We fucked them. Then... they turned on us.

Lada was beside me, her face turning purple. She lay on her back, woody hands around her throat. I knelt doggy style, a wooden dick in my asshole. I stared at my friend. She stared back at me. A look of fury crossed her face.

Her fist lashed out and struck the arm of the futa-treant holding me. Wood cracked. The grip on my throat slackened for one second. I screamed out two words. 

“Gaa Eeahir!” 

Fire exploded behind me. The futa-treant holding me recoiled back. Flames crackled. She ripped her futa-woodie out of my asshole and stumbled. Her hands came free of my throat. I sucked in a breath, deep and ragged inhalations. I coughed a moment later, half-collapsing.

The others were dying.

I bolted to my feet. Every one of us was being strangled. “Gaa Eeahir!”

The futa-treant holding Lada's burst into flames. The monster girl threw back her head, the flames burning her body. She ripped away and stumbled towards the brush, retreating. Just like the one that I had set on fire.

I whirled and spotted Virginia. Her hand went limp. Her eyes rolled back in her head. If we lost her, this was all over.

“GAA EEAHIR!” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

I was free. And I was pissed.

The futa-treant strangling Queen Virginia burst into flames. In wordless pain, she rushed back into the woods, fleeing. The other treants were looking at us, the girls struggling. My cheerleaders were fighting back, but they couldn't pry those fingers from the throats.

I jumped past Brígida and cashed into the futa-treant strangling Aria. The Black girl trembled on the ground, whimpering in pain. I would save her from this torment. I grabbed the treant and snapped its arm. 

It whirled and punched at me. 

I jumped back, Aria free and choking. We'd need her healing magic and fast. Flames erupted behind me. The treant advanced on me, her branches thrusting from the top of her head rustling. An expression of hatred shone in her eyes.

I grabbed her arm and twisted it. I spun her around and crashed her into an actual tree. The branches atop her head snapped. I grabbed the back of her neck and crashed her head into the tree again. And again. The bark splintered. Sap oozed out. I threw the treant down, not sure if I killed her or not.

Others were getting up, but there were still so many of them killing my friends. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

Darkness crushed down on me. The world rang in my ears. This vast rushing, like a sea that washed over me. A sea that would take me away from this pain. I just had to relax into it. I couldn't breathe. The damn treant had me pinned on my belly, my face in the dirt, her knee in my back.

I was dead.

A muffled shout. The hands ripped from me.

I sucked in a deep breath of air. I spasmed on the ground, coughing. It hurt to draw in more lungfuls of sweet and beautiful oxygen. My body came alive. My limbs spasmed. I rolled over and saw my rescuer.

Chipmunk had grabbed the treant. The dark elf assassin pulled her bound hands over her legs and got them in front of her. Dark daggers appeared in her hands and she plunged them both into the neck of the treant. Wood snapped. Her head came off.

I gasped at that, struggling to stand. Chipmunk could kill me. Only she didn't attack me. She staggered to her feet and threw her dagger at a treant strangling Addy. The blade buried in the monster girl's head. She slumped over to the side.

Addy the Futa-Witch twitched. She didn't wake up, but her breasts rose and fell. She breathed again. I had to help the others. Chipmunk's bound hands twisted about and threw a dagger at another one strangling Ocean.

Lada ripped a futa-treant off Avice.

Flames burned up and down the line. Willow's attacker burst into fire and darted off into the woods. The dryad coughed and spasmed, tears on her cheeks. More and more girls were up. Iseul, Mio, and Brígida were casting spells. 

Fires burned everywhere. Lada dashed off to help Kali who was up the trail. Aria was chanting healing magic, praying to the Goddess of the Breast. It was already over. I felt so useless. I glanced at Chipmunk.

She fell to her knees before me, her ring gag still in place.

I put a hand on her. “That's a good girl. You're cumming tonight. Oh, my god, you're cumming tonight.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

“Did we lose anyone?” I cried, moving through my girls. Many were coughing on the ground, waiting for a priestess to come save them. “Kali!”

“I got her!” Lada shouted. She ran down the trail holding the elf limp in her arms.

I clapped hands over my mouth. Fear trembled through me as I stared at my injured elf. I swallowed. That hurt so much. My heart pounded in my chest. I flexed my fingers, so afraid of what I would learn. 

“I-is she?”

“She's alive,” Lada said. “Aria! I need you!”

I leaned back against the tree, relief sweeping over me. I looked around and saw Willow crying. She knelt over one of the futa-treants that had been killed. I rushed to my gentle futa-dryad. I fell to my knees and threw my arm around her. I pulled her to me.

“Shhh, shhhh,” I cooed, stroking her arm. “I'm here. I have you. It's okay.”

She shook her head. “T-they shouldn't have hurt us. They're good. F-futa-treants are always good.”

I pressed her to my breast and stroked her hair. I didn't know what to say to her. They had seemed so good at first, and then they had betrayed us. Just like that. They had turned on us when we were all in the throes of passion.

I gasped and looked around. “The smoke is dwindling. Willow, where to futa-treants live.”

“Groves.” She sniffed. “They live in groves.”

“That storm!” I stared up at the clear sky. “That storm that Myra and her dark priestesses conjured. It wasn't to attack us. It was to enchant them. That lightning started fires out in the woods where the futa-treants came from. They betrayed us. That's who Myra and her cunts were praying to. Ammuch. The Goddess of the Kiss and Mistress of Betrayal. They made those poor futa-treants hurt us.”

“No!” Such a fierce yell burst from Willow's lips. “They're the most innocent creatures in the world. They live happy, peaceful lives. They never harm. Never hurt and... and... We had to...”

“The Demon Lord did this!” Such fury shot through me. “I'm going to get that Golden Power. And with it, I am going to destroy her. I'm going to rip the Demon Lord apart. For the futa-treants. For the soldiers back at the fortress. For all that have suffered. And I need your help, Willow.”

“M-my help?”

“We're heading to the Forest of Virgin Delights.” I smiled. “A place where the futa-unicorns live. How am I going to find my way to them? With a futa-dryad to lead me. That's why you're here. In my harem, everyone has a role. And that's yours.”

She nodded, her tears spilling down her cheeks.

I cupped her face, staring into her green eyes. They were so gentle. I kissed my futa-dryad. I kissed her. Not with passion, but with love. With comfort. I hugged her and kissed her. She clung to me, trembling with the pain of today.

I joined her. Tears spilled down my cheeks. The Demon Lord and her cunt of a goddess did something terrible today. That would be answered. It would be dealt with. With the Golden Power, I would rise to the occasion.

I would defend this world and avenge all the Demon Lord had hurt. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

It was quiet on the rest of the day's hike. We all had been loved by those futa-treants then betrayed by them. And it wasn't even their fault. They had been bamboozled. Just like I had by that cunt-bitch-whore-slut-twatwaffle succubus.

But Chipmunk had surprised me. The dark futa-elf assassin had saved my life today. She could have let me die. Made her escape. She was the only one who didn't get attacked by the futa-treants. Myra and her girls must have thought this was their chance to save Chipmunk for Ella.

She definitely had been a good girl today. I had broken her far, far faster than I thought. There must have been a submissive slut lurking in her. So as I walked with my own leash and collar in Virginia's hands, I led Chipmunk behind me, gripping her leash attached to her collar. We were both the same.

And both so different.

I was just playing at being a submissive with my twin sister. It was no game with Chipmunk. The dark elf had truly become my submissive after only twenty-four hours. It made my futa-dick throb and my pussy clench.

Which was wonderful because my futa-dick was in my pussy, the stimulation making every step just an utter delight. 

The sun sank closer and closer to the horizon. Closer and closer to when we had to stop for the night. We were still in the same forest where the futa-treants had attacked us, if several hours hiking away from that spot.

Kali came jogging down the trail. “Lady Virginia, there is a meadow ahead. There is a brook running through it. Clean water and plenty of firewood. We can easily build a camp here and rest the night.”

“Okay,” my twin sister said. “Lead the way.”

We soon arrived at the clearing. Lada and her futa-cheerleaders did a sweep while the others gathered firewood and started making four different fires, all arranged in a square. We would be sleeping in between them to have the most heat over us. Blankets were spread out in the clearing and food was broken out. Aria directed the cooking.

“Grow your cock, Chipmunk,” I commanded, pulling out the elastic band that kept her dick from cumming.

She moaned through her ring, unable to speak to me. I held the ring around her clit, watching her pink bud sprout and quickly fade to her pure-black skin. She was a shade as dark as night itself. With her silvery hair, it was so sexy. Her futa-dick grew bigger and bigger until she reached her full girth.

SNAP!

I let the band go. It closed about her, stopping her from cumming or from going soft.

Next, I removed her ring gag and thrust it at her. “You put this back on after you eat.”

She worked her jaw a few times. “Yes, Mistress.”

“Mistress,” Virginia said. My twin shook her head. “You really turned her into your pet.”

“Of course I did,” I said unhooking my leash. “Now let's relax. Me and you are going to fuck my Chipmunk.”

“Oh, we are, are we?” she asked, rubbing at her belly.

“You okay?” I asked, giving her a strange look.

“Oh, just a little full,” she said. “I think I drank too much of those futa-treant's cum or something. You know how you feel when you ate a lot.”

“Well, we'll pump some cum out of you when you fuck Chipmunk with me,” I said.

“I'm not sure it works that way.”

I grinned at my twin. “It might. We'll just have to have an experiment to find out. Whaddya say?”

She burst into giggles and shook her head. “That you're incorrigible, you know that?” 

SMACK!

She spanked my rump. I groaned at the feel of what she did. Her hand squeezed my butt-cheek. She gave me a hard look. “And don't think I've forgotten that stunt you pulled to capture her. I know you were hurt. You were supposed to stay with the others.”

“I took a wrong turn,” I said, grinning impishly at her. “I tripped over one of the girls and just tumbled into the assassin.”

Virginia arched her eyebrow. “With all the tools necessary to turn her into your sex slave?” 

“Always be prepared,” I said. “That's the rogue's motto.”

“And the Boy Scouts.”

“They stole it from us.” I stretched my back. “Well, let's get our grub on. I'm starved.”

She gave my ass another squeeze. “Fine. Let's eat, fuck your sex slave, then I am going to hold you tight tonight and make sure that you don't get away.”

“I'm not going anywhere,” I purred. “Promise.” I cupped her face and kissed her. 

The incestuous rush of kissing my twin sister shot through me. That was so delicious. I loved it. I shuddered, my pussy clamping down on my futa-dick tucked away nice and tight in me. Our tongues danced around the other. We kissed with such passion. It was such fun.

I broke the kiss and glanced over to see the food was being boiled. Chipmunk crawled before us as we joined the others. Two of the cheerleaders were on guard, the rest stripping out of their armor to relax in the perimeter of fires. It was warm inside. The harem was sitting in clusters, chatting and giggling as our food was handed out. 

It was a savory stew made with some vegetables and meat. Hearty stuff. After a long day of adventuring, it felt so good to have it warming my belly. I sat with my twin sister, Chipmunk, Aria, Brígida, and Lada. We were all munching away.

“God, this is good, Aria,” Lada moaned, her big boobs heaving. “Just so delicious.”

“Yes,” Virginia moaned. “You heal us and feed us.”

“You're like our very own Jesus,” I said, a big grin on my lips. That would have offended the old Aria, but the new one smiled at me.

“I know you're just poking fun at me,” she said. “I am just me. I wanted to be a wife, and now I am to the most important person in the world.”

That made Virginia blush. Her cheeks went red, contrasting with her blonde hair. “Aria!” she squealed. “I'm not that important.”

“You're the one the Demon Lord fears,” Chipmunk said.

We all glanced at her. The dark elf faced us without blinking. Her futa-dick thrust hard and swollen before her. She held her bowl in one hand, her spoon delicately clutched in the nimble fingers of the other. 

“Is that Ella?” asked Virginia. “Is she the Demon Lord?”

Chipmunk snorted. “She thinks she's the hero. Vixen has been whispering in her ears, telling her she's the chosen one. A goddess. She has everyone at your school convinced she's their savior. That she's going to kill you and save the world.”

“But really, the Demon Lord's going to use her to beat me,” Virginia said.

“She's an innocent,” Chipmunk said. “She's not evil. Not possessed. She believes she's doing the right thing. There is nothing more dangerous than a woman who believes she's fighting for morality. For good. She will cut you down in a heartbeat.” The dark elf glanced at my sister. “Can you kill her?”

Virginia stirred her spoon around in her bowl. “I won't have to. I'll save her. I'll save everyone from the Demon Lord. I'm one-third of the way to getting the Golden Power.”

“We'll see,” Chipmunk said. “But the Demon Lord knows it. Do not be surprised if her greatest weapon is waiting to stop you with a sword of starmetal in her hand. She will be burning with righteous fervor and supported by her witches and priestesses.”

Virginia swallowed.

“Well, we'll be with her, Chipmunk,” I declared. “You'll be standing at our side. We're going to show them all that good will triumph over evil. We'll defeat the Demon Lord and save our classmates.”

“I hope you're right,” said the dark elf. She took another bite of her stew and shivered. “This is very good, Mistress Aria.”

I glanced at my sister. She looked shaken up by the words. I put my arm around her and pulled her against me. She rested her head on my shoulder. I kissed her cheek and then whispered, “We'll save Ella and all the rest. That's a promise.”

“Thank you,” she said.

“Mmm, and we still have to reward Chipmunk for being a good girl. I had such a wicked way to do it.”

Virginia stirred. She looked at me, still scared. I winked at her, knowing this was just what she needed. I pulled my cock out of my pussy while Chipmunk re-donned her ring gag, securing it behind her head. I didn't have her hands bound.

She could have gotten out of those at any time. It was all about symbols now.

My sister stared down at my cock soaking in my juices. Then she ducked her head down and licked the side of it. She crossed my crown, sending a shiver of delight through me. I groaned, my dick twitching and throbbing. The pleasure shot down me.

My cunt clenched. It felt incredible. I moaned, so ready to do naughty and wicked things with her. We would have a blast. I could feel that energy mixing in the air. Her tongue danced around my crown, cleaning up more and more of my passion.

“Mmm, that's good,” I moaned. “But don't you want to play with Chipmunk. Though, if you want to blow me, sis, I'm up for it!”

She licked my cock one more time and sat up. Her blonde hair swayed around her face. “Okay, what do you have in mind.”

“Well,” I said. “We each have a girl-cock, and it occurred to me that we could stuff them both in Chipmunk's asshole at the same time. Just fuck her bowels real hard.”

My twin sister shot her head up and gave me such a shocked look. “Holy fucking shit, that's the nastiest thing I have ever heard in my life! Yes! Yes! Yes! Let's do that. Let's double-fuck your pet in the ass!”

Beside us, Chipmunk moaned in delight. She nodded her head, her purple eyes so bright. They almost glowed in the firelight. Her tongue wiggled about in her ring gag. I smiled at her, so eager to give her that delight. I would make it amazing for her.

I stretched out on my back, my futa-dick thrusting up into the air. I shook it at her, precum beading at the tip. “You know what to do, right, pet?”

Chipmunk nodded and moaned, drool spilling out of her forced-open mouth. Her small breasts quivered, and her bound futa-dick throbbed. She crawled to me and threw her midnight-black leg over my body. Her skin contrasted so sharply with my light-beige flesh. Her shadowy fingers grabbed my cock, lifting it.

She pressed my dick into her taint and then slid it to her asshole. She winked at me before she impaled her bowels down my cock. Her sphincter swallowed my cock like a pro. She engulfed my cock with such passion. It was incredible. I Loved how she sank all the way on me in a flash.

“Oh, my fucking god,” I groaned, my futa-dick throbbing in the velvety heaven of her asshole. 

Her futa-cock slapped into my belly. The midnight shaft twitched on my pale belly. I smiled and grabbed her dick. I stroked her as she shuddered. My thumb rubbed circles on her crown. Her eyes squeezed shut and her bowels clenched on my rod.

“Now, my sweet sister,” I cooed, “press your cock against her asshole, and let's double-stuff the fuck out of her bowels.”

“God, yes,” Virginia moaned. I loved how enthusiastic she was about this. “This might be one of your best ideas ever.”

“Mmm, like mixing all the sodas at a fountain in my cup,” I moaned.

“No, that was the most disgusting thing you ever did,” she said. “Sprite, Coke, Cherry Coke, Diet Coke, Root Bear, Orange Soda, and Mr. Pibb do not ever go together.”

“I thought this was the most disgusting thing I had ever done,” I said.

“No, this is the most depraved thing.” She winked at me over Chipmunk's shoulder. 

A moment later, her cock pressed against that asshole already sealed tight about my cock. My sister moaned, her face twisting with effort. Her cheeks went red as she pushed and pushed at that cock-stuffed asshole.

Now, while Chipmunk had swallowed my cock with ease, the second cock going into her was not so simple. My dick twitched and throbbed in my pet's asshole as Virginia's tip pressed against that naughty opening.

But I could feel that sphincter widening.

Chipmunk moaned. Her head tossing and silvery hair swaying about her midnight cheeks. She squirmed, her small titties quivering just so. I loved watching it as I felt that anal ring stretching and stretching to engulf my twin sister's cock.

Virginia groaned louder. She strained and whimpered. The dark futa-elf shuddered. Then she squealed. My sister's girl-dick popped into that tight bowels with me. I shuddered as her shaft slid up my rod. Virginia went deeper and deeper into my dark elf.

“Oho, Chipmunk!” I gasped. “You naughty pet. That's amazing. That's so good. Yes, yes, that's wonderful!”

“It is!” moaned Virginia. “Oh, my god, Saffron. Oh, my fucking god, this is heaven. I'm going deeper into her bowels. We're filling her up!”

“Yes, we are,” I moaned in delight, a big smile crossing my lips. “Ooh, sis, we're going to have such a huge orgasm in her bowels, aren't we?”

“Hell, yeah!” Virginia's cock twitched against mine as she said that.

I just smiled, so glad that we could enjoy this heaven together. I winked at Chipmunk. She moaned. Her thighs flexed. Her bowels slid up our cocks. She squeezed about us as she climbed higher and higher. I shuddered, reveling in this passion. It was perfect to enjoy. 

That tight asshole squeezed my cock against my sister's. We were pressed together, massaged by the velvety heaven of Chipmunk's asshole. My toes curled, my cunt clenching from the delight pouring down my cock. 

I stroked Chipmunk's girl-dick as she impaled her bowels down me and my twin sister's futa-cocks. The dark elf moaned her wordless pleasure, drool spilling down her chin. She worked back up us, pressing us so tight. Our crowns rubbed together as Chipmunk rode our dicks.

“Wow, that is hot,” Lada purred. She stood over us with Aria sucking on her girl-cock. The Black priestess worked her mouth up and down the futa-cheerleader's shaft.

“Right,” groaned Brígida. Kali was behind the kneeling Hispanic mage, fucking Brígida hard.

“You have no idea,” Virginia moaned. “My dick is trapped in the same asshole as my twin sister's. This is such heaven. I just don't want this to end.”

“But it will,” I moaned. “When we cum.” My hand stroked down the assassin's girl-dick. “You must be just aching to cum, right?”

She nodded, moaning so loud.

Her bowels worked up and down my dick. She squeezed about me. My face twisted in ecstasy. I brought my fingers to her pussy. I worked at her. I rubbed at her cuntlips with hunger. I savored her wet folds. I thrust my fingers into her snatch.

She squealed, her bowel clenching tight, pressing my dick into my twin's. At the same time, the dark elf's pussy clamped down my digits. I grinned at her, stroking her cock with one hand and fingering her snatch with the other.

She whimpered, her face twisting with pleasure as she worked her bowels up and down our girl-dicks. She massaged us with the sweet heaven of her bowels. I plunged my fingers in and out of her cunt. Her futa-cock spasmed in my hand.

“God, I bet you want to cum,” I said, fisting the tip, stroking over that spongy crown.

She moaned, almost a scream. Her head bobbed up and down violently, hair whipping about her features. Her bowels slammed down our cocks then slid back up them. I jammed my fingers deep into her cunt. Her juicy flesh held them.

“You want to explode, don't you, Chipmunk?” I purred.

She squealed.

“Well, you have been a good girl,” I purred, sliding my hand down to the band around her cock. I grabbed it and stretched it wide. I ripped it off her cock and shouted. “Then cum, you good girl!”

She squealed in delight and slammed her bowels down me and my sister's futa-dick. Her pussy clamped down on my digits. Then both her holes convulsed with violent spasms. Jizz exploded from her futa-cock with so much force it arched over my head.

Chipmunk came.

Her futa-cum rained down on my face. I opened my mouth wide, savoring the salty jizz basting my lips and mouth. Her asshole rippled around our cocks, massaging mine and my sister's. I shuddered, my pussy clenching.

“Oh, fuck!” Virginia gasped.

“Yes, yes!” I moaned.

Our futa-dicks both erupted into the dark futa-elf's asshole. We shuddered, firing blast after blast of cum into her bowels. We basted her, the pleasure slamming through my thoughts. Stars exploded across my vision. I savored every moment of it.

“Oh, that's so good,” I gasped. “Oh, Chipmunk, enjoy!”

She moaned as her cum splashed on my small boobs. More splattered hot on my face. My futa-dick pulsed against my twin sister's. Our dicks pumped spurt after spurt of cum into Chipmunk's cunt. We hosed her down. The pleasure was exquisite. I groaned, bucking and shuddering. She worked out every drop of cum that I had.

That my sister had, too. We both ran dry while Chipmunk kept cumming. Spurt after spurt of jizz rained down on my face and tits. I savored it, catching some of the salty delight in my mouth. I shuddered, so glad that I had tamed her.

“Oh, Chipmunk, you were amazing today, you know that?”

She whimpered and nodded. Her eyes gleamed with her delight. I winked at her, my heart pounding in my chest. This was such an amazing moment. I loved every second of this bliss. A big smile spread on my lips. 

My sister slid her cock out of Chipmunk's asshole. “Wow, that was so awesome. Saffron, you have an amazing pet.”

“Yes, I do,” I said as Chipmunk slid her asshole off my girl-dick.

I popped out of her, my cock smacking my belly. She backed up, thrusting her rump at my sister and lowering her head. She brought her gagged mouth to my dirty dick. Without even being told, she slid her mouth over my crown and started to polish me clean with her tongue.

“Yes, Chipmunk, you are such a good pet!” I squealed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

“Is she wiggling her ass at me because she wants me to clean my dick off in her pussy?” I asked, the dark futa-elf assassin's midnight rump swaying before me. The hairless folds of her pussy dripped with her juices. They ran down her black cock that throbbed and twitched.

“You bet she is,” my twin sister said with such a big smile on her lips. “She's just such a good pet. Mmm, ram that dirty dick into her twat and polish yourself clean.”

I shuddered with delight, my clit-dick throbbing and aching. “Okay. That's so hot.”

My twin winked at me. Chipmunk bobbed her head, sucking and slurping on Saffron's dirty dick. The wet sounds were so hot, mixing with the gasps and moans around us. I grabbed my cock, aimed it at the dark elf's juicy pussy, and rammed my filthy pole into her wet depths.

My eyes squeezed shut as I savored the feel of her flesh sliding about me. She engulfed me in heaven. I groaned as I sank deeper and deeper into her cunt. Her hot flesh engulfed me. It was amazing to feel her juicy sheath buffing my cock clean of her own asshole.

“You nasty pet!” gasped Saffron. “Just cleaning our dicks with your holes. Mmm, you love the taste of your own ass.”

The assassin moaned around my twin's cock.

“And you just love my sister's big and dirty dick fucking that naughty twat,” Saffron continued, her black hair swaying about her cute face.

The dark futa-elf clenched her cunt around my clit-cock as I drew back. That felt amazing. The pressure rippled through me. I groaned, savoring it. I thrust back into her, my dick plunging to the hilt in her. She polished my pole.

My round boobs bounced and heaved as I fucked her. I pumped away with hard strokes. Fast ones. I reveled in the way her twat squeezed around me. She held me tight. The pressure melted heat down to my cunt. My juices dripped down my thighs. 

“Oh, fuck, yes!” I moaned as I buried away at her. “Ooh, that's so good. You got such a tight and yummy cunt. You're going to make me cum so hard!”

The assassin was so considerate like that, squeezing her pussy and wiggling around my cock. She was putting her all into getting me off. I loved it. I pumped away harder and faster. I buried into her with such powerful strokes. It was an amazing delight to have her cunt clenching about me.

I thrust away hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her twat. My orgasm swelled with every thrust. She polished my cock with every second, buffing away her own ass. My boobs bounced and jiggled. I loved the pleasure. I swelled and swelled towards that big burst of rapture.

“That's it, pet!” moaned my twin sister, a big and mischievous grin on her lips. “Just suckle on that dick. Just suck for all your worth. You're going to get a big mouthful of cum.”

“Yeah!” I gasped, my crotch smacking into her rump.

“And my sister is going to give you the gift of her cum spilling into your pussy!” Saffron winked at me. “Just flood you with all that yummy, heroic cum.”

I winked back at her, my futa-dick plowing into her pet. The dark elf moaned. More and more of our cum leaked out of her asshole and squeezed between her butt-cheeks. It started overflowing. It was such an awesome sight to witness.

I loved every moment of burying into her. I savored every last second of plowing to the hilt in her snatch. She polished my cock as I came closer and closer to cumming in her. I could feel that explosive finish building in me.

My twin sister and I both pumped away. We grinned at each other, spit-roasting the dark-elf. It was so awesome to share this slut with my twin. I loved Saffron so much. My eyes fell on her collar. I would hold onto that leash as often as I could.

“Yes, yes, yes,” I moaned. “Ooh, I'm getting close, Chipmunk. Let me feel that pussy convulsing around my dick. Really make it feel good.”

“You heard that, pet?” gasped my sister. “You get to cum twice. Must be your lucky day!”

The dark futa-elf squealed around Saffron's girl-dick and clamped that juicy snatch around my dick. I slammed into her. The assassin wiggled her hips, stirring her snatch around my cock. Then her flesh went wild.

Her cunt spasmed around me. She convulsed and writhed. The pleasure of thrusting away at her shot through me. I loved every moment of it. Her cunt nursed at me. I groaned, a big smile spreading on my lips.

“Yes!” I gasped and came in her. 

I fired blast after blast of my cum into her snatch. I unloaded in her cunt. Her pussy rippled harder around me. She suckled at me as the dual delights rushed through my body. My twat spasmed with delight, sending waves of delight through me while my cock...

My cock fired everything that I had into her snatch and pumped ecstasy through my body.

“Yes, yes, yes!” my twin sister moaned. “Drink it, Chipmunk. Drink it all down. You love it!” 

I quivered through the pleasure, my boobs jiggling and swaying. I loved every second of spurting into her. I unloaded every drop of cum that I had in my cunt. I basted her twat with it all. It was incredible to do.

I smiled from ear to ear, loving this pleasure. I unloaded the last drop, my orgasm hitting that quivering peak of delight. I sucked in deep breaths, so glad I could cum in her. Just dump all my spunk into her snatch.

“Wow,” I groaned.

“Right?” Saffron said. “Ooh, Chipmunk, you're the best. You're just amazing. That's so good. I'm so glad that I met you. We're going to do such wild things, aren't we? You're going to scout with me. Fight with me. Fuck with me, right?”

Chipmunk, her cunt clamping down on my dick, squealed her agreement. A big smile spread on my lips. I shuddered, savoring this heat rushing through me. I wanted to have more fun. To love more women. 

There was still time before bed. I pulled out of Chipmunk and saw the loving eyes of my harem. I grabbed Ejiro, one of the cheerleaders, and kissed her on the mouth. The Japanese futa melted against me with all her love. 

I was so happy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Willow

The pain of yesterday still lingered in my heart as I helped the humans put away our equipment. They had the blankets and food from Narinda, the poor fortress the pit fiend had destroyed. The Demon Lord and her forces were wreaking havoc.

The futa-treants were just a part of it.

I smiled at the others, especially Lady Virginia. I wanted to hide the pain. To keep them from worrying about me. What happened yesterday was a crime. A great travesty that would be answered for. Those innocent futa-treants would be avenged.

But I still wanted to weep for them.

Once more, Kali took the lead with the futa-cheerleaders screening the rest of us. I walked beside Lady Virginia. She took my hand at the start and wouldn't let go. Her other held her sister's leash. Saffron pranced along beside the futa-heroine, the dark elf assassin marching behind her, unbound.

She was on our side, I knew that, but she scared me.

Lady Virginia kept glancing at me and smiling. There was something so reassuring about the way her blue eyes lit up when she smiled. Her lips dimpled her cheeks. She was perfect. I loved that I was her futa-dryad. That I was supporting her.

“It's okay to be sad,” Lady Virginia said after an hour of walking.

“I'm not said,” I said, my heart throbbing.

“Liar.” She squeezed my hand. “What happened yesterday was terrible, and I know it's affecting you. I can tell.”

My cheeks flushed with embarrassment. “I didn't mean to make you worry.”

“Don't apologize for that. I want to worry about you. I love you. I don't want you to hide your tears, either.” She brought my knuckles to her lips and kissed them. “I mean it. if you need to grieve over what happened.”

“I just...” I stared ahead, my emotions all snarled up.

“Did you know any of them?” Then she winced. “Oh, that was the wrong thing to say, wasn't it?”

“No, no,” I said, shaking my head. “I didn't know those futa-treants, but...” I closed my eyes. “My first gangbang... I found a grove of them. All lindens. Tall and graceful with big, wooden dicks. They welcomed me to them. They kissed me all over. Not just fucking me. They loved me.”

“Wow,” Virginia said. “That must have been great.”

“It was indescribable.” My cock twitched. “I felt at peace. One with nature. They were all so gentle. So supportive. They thought nothing of their own pleasure. I was their guest, so they just wanted to make me feel good.” 

“They did seem loving before they...” Virginia swallowed and shook her head. “Before they were forced to hurt us.”

“They never hurt anything,” I hissed, anger beating in me. “They live like trees do, digging their toes in the ground as roots, drinking in sunlight. Breathing in air and exhaling life. They would make each step with care so as not to crush even a single bug. To harm another... Those futa-treants were ravaged. They were gutted. Hollowed out. They were turned into things just to kill us. And for what?”

I threw my arms up into the air, my boobs bouncing. The fury beat through me. It pounded my heart. I got why some people punched things. Hurt others. I wanted to find the one responsible for it and make them pay. I knew it was those human priestesses, but...

They were just being tricked. I saw that yesterday with the assassin. She admitted that those humans that were serving this Ella were being deluded. The volleyball warriors were all under the deadly influence of bloodiron. Who knew what had happened to those priestesses.

They were tricked into thinking the Three Chaotic Goddesses were good and the Seven Harmonious Goddesses were evil. It was so frustrating.

“I get it,” said Virginia. She put her arm around me. “I really get it. We're going to stop this. I promise you.”

“I know that.” I smiled at her. “I'm so glad that you came here. I really am.”

We kept walking. I noticed a sadness in her eyes. I bit my lip and then whispered, “Is it what Chipmunk said. About how you'll have to face Ella.”

“What if it really comes down to killing her,” Virginia said. “When I thought she was evil, maybe. But learning she's been tricked. That she's delusional... That makes this a lot harder. I don't want to hurt them. She's as much a victim as the futa-treants. If I had the way to save her, I would.”

“We'll figure that out,” I told her. “Right, Lady Saffron.”

“Yep!” said the spunky futa-thief. “I'll steal Ella from the Demon Lord. Just like I took Chipmunk. Right, pet?”

The dark elf moaned through her ring gag and nodded. Her silvery hair danced around her body.

“See, I can do anything that I put my mind to,” said Saffron. She stretched her back. “I wish I could go with you and get bathed by futa-unicorn-cum.”

“You're not pure at heart,” Lady Virginia said. “Right, Willow.”

“That's right,” I said, smiling at her.

“And you're not pure at pussy,” said Saffron. “I thought only virgins could get near them. So what gives with you being able to do this.”

“She's the Futa-Heroine,” I said. “They will recognize the purity of her heart. After all, the maidenly oozes recognized her.”

“Yeah,” Virginia said. She rubbed at her stomach. “That they did.”

It was around noon when something changed. There was a grass strip in the middle of the forest. The trees beyond were different. They were tall and graceful pines with silver needles that sparkled in the sunlight. A fresh and wholesome scent filled my nose. Patches of pure-white flowers grew around the bases of the trees.

They twinkled with starry dewdrops.

“This is it,” I said, staring in awe at the woods. “This is the Forest of Virgin Delights. Only the purest of heart may enter.”

“Well, we're out, girls,” said Lada. 

Her cheerleaders all laughed. 

“I bet Aria is pure enough,” said Tamera, one of the futa-priestesses.

“No, it's Willow who is guiding me through here.” She thrust her leash out at Aria. “Keep my sister out of trouble.”

“I will do my best,” said Aria, a bright smile on her lips. “I'm not sure the Seven Harmonious Goddesses could do that.”

“Nope!” Saffron said. She threw her arm around her twin sister and gave Lady Virginia a thorough and naughty kiss. 

They melted together, breasts pressed tight. I smiled at them, my futa-dick throbbing with my rising excitement. My heart beat faster and faster as I watched their sisterly love that they had for each other. It was so naughty to witness.

Lady Virginia broke it and shuddered. Saffron stepped up before me. She grabbed my boobs and squeezed them. Hefted them. Weighed and judged them. “Yep, those tits are big enough to attract the futa-unicorns to come bathe my sweet sister in cum.”

“I am glad you approve, Lady Saffron,” I said, my pussy clenching.

She winked a hazel eye at me before kissing me hard on the lips. She squeezed my boobs hard, her fingers digging into my pillowy mounds. I groaned into her mouth, a flutter of excitement rushing through me. My knees quivered.

She broke the kiss and purred, “There are a million things I want to do to you, but since they'll make you impure, I won't.”

“My thanks,” I said, my cheeks burning. I swallowed. “When we get back, I don't have to be pure any longer. We could do it then.”

She winked at me. 

The others made their goodbye. Brígida and Aria both made out with Virginia as did Lada and Kali. I was kissed, my ass pinched, my tits groped. I savored it all as the futas wished us well. I took my lover's hands and we headed out beneath the woods.

A peaceful calm fell on me. The sweetness of the flowers, the softness of the loam beneath my feet, the way the sunlight broke through the branches and cast rainbows over our heads all made me feel so relaxed. 

I held Virginia's hand as we went deeper into the woods, our heads looking about in awe. Red flowers grew in the branches of some trees. Purple delights glad fluffy bushes. A herd of friendly deer with cute, little fawns pranced by us.

Birds serenaded us. 

I smiled as I looked around, marveling at the crystal blue of a creek or the perfect orange of a flower. Squirrels scampered overhead with bushy tails. They stared at us, noses twitching. Snowy rabbits bounced through the underbrush.

The trees sang to me. They guided me into the woods. They whispered, This way to the unicorns, friend Willow. They are such wonderful creatures. How they will love your companion.

Yes, they would. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Vixen

Was I annoyed that Surexila got herself captured?

Yes, yes, I was. But did that mean it didn't facilitate my plans? Oh, it did. I made contact with her that first night when she was bound up. The others were asleep and their guards didn't notice my shadow slipping through them. I whispered in her ear.

I told her the plan. Surexila was all for it. The futa-treants were the perfect cover. The perfect way to earn their trust. Now she was ready for the greatest betrayal ever. Virginia and Willow vanished into the woods. They were beyond my reach.

But her harem...

I glanced behind me. Akane and Mrs. Webb were there. The fierce warrior dressed in bloodiron and the futa-witch wearing a robe of demonsilk. A treacherous garment to wear. The fear brimmed in her eyes. She had to destroy her enemies before they destroyed her precious Ella.

What a tool she had been. The perfect counter to the heroine. 

“Ready the attack,” I purred. “Surexila will strike at the perfect moment. We shall decapitate Virginia's forces. Let her get blessed by the unicorns. It won't matter when she returns and finds all her lovers dead.”

“Yes,” Akane hissed, drawing her bloodiron sword. Rage burned in her eyes. Murder.

“We'll utterly destroy them,” Mrs. Webb said. The teacher glanced aback at her equally paranoid witches coven. They were all ready to unleash their magic. An opening volley that would leave them reeling.

“We just want Virginia to be a little deeper into the forest,” I purred. “We don't want her coming back, do we.” 

“No!” gasped Mrs. Webb, terror in her eyes. The sort of fear that drove someone to murder to protect themselves. 

The Demon Lord was going to give me a huge reward. 

To be continued...
