The Accidental Virgin
by CarolinaPeach

A surprise for both!

This story isn't about losing my virginity. That happened a long time ago, hurt like hell and was humiliating. I was lucky to meet some very experienced, careful men after that. By the time I was 28 I was entirely comfortable with sex. I loved fucking and did it a lot with many different men. You might say I was a slut but I prefer thinking I was just a healthy young woman with a healthy body and a healthy libido.

I developed quite a reputation actually. I loved seducing men; initiating the first contact, encouraging them, giving myself to them. Pretty much, if I invited you over for coffee you were going to get fucked. It was a bit of a joke among my friends.

I had a friend Rachel who was several years younger than myself. She had a boyfriend and was quite happy with him. Somehow a fellow even younger than her and still in college joined our circle of friends. This guy, Travis, flirted with her continually. Finally Rachel had to tell him his attention was unwanted. He quit after her admonition but, still, everything that came out of his mouth was about sex. I figured if he talked about it so much, he wanted some.

So I decided to seduce Travis.

I had a tiny apartment at the time, a little studio. My couch faced the side of my bed. They were about 4 feet apart, a convenient arrangement for seduction. There was a sheepskin on the floor in case things went that way. I put on perfume and changed into some sexy but low key clothes: tight leggings, a soft, short tee shirt. No panties to create a distracting line, no bra to inhibit enticing jiggles.

When I answered the front door of the apartment building, Travis' eyes wandered taking in my clothes and body. Normally I wore much less revealing things and definitely always a bra. His face changed from expectant friendliness to surprise as he ogled me. He was, as usual, a bit scruffy. I liked his lankiness and his genuine, open nature. He couldn't hide anything if he wanted to.

"Good," I thought, "He knows what I'm after."

So I brought him down the hall to my apartment and opened the door. It was a rainy day and the light was cool and soft. I had relaxing music on. He sat stiffly on the couch, on the edge of his cushion.

In an odd voice, Travis asked, "Where's Rachel?"

Now it was my turn to be surprised... Didn't he know what was going on?

"She isn't here. Do you want coffee?" I asked.

I went to the kitchen, which opened off just to the left of the couch. By turning his head he could watch my every move as I boiled water for coffee. I bent over rather far to get the spoons out, stretched up very sensually to reach the coffee jar on the top shelf, giving him a good view of how tight my leggings were, how thin the material of my shirt was, how erect my nipples were, how my ass moved. My shirt rode up as I worked; exposing my soft, trim stomach.

To loosen Travis up a bit I tried to chat about music.

"Are you going to see Dirty Dozen this Saturday?" I asked.

"Umm, I think so." His eyes were riveted on my body.

"Are you going with Henry and those guys?" I prodded.

"Yes. I mean no. I-- I-- have exams. I can't go." He was stuttering now.

I brought out the steaming cups. Travis had retreated into the corner of the couch looking terrified. His cup shook and coffee sloshed into the saucer.

He stammered, "Thanks."

He spilled more coffee, apologized. I could barely hear him now.

Then he started talking rather at random about our mutual friend. Did he not know why I'd asked him over?

Again he asked, "Where's Rachel?" this time almost desperately.

Realizing he wasn't aware an invitation to my house was an invitation to my bed, I took charge. I brought my hand up to stop his shaking, took the coffee from him, scooted closer and snagged his darting blue eyes with my own.

"Rachel isn't coming," I purred.

This should have made my intent clear, but he looked wildly about as if ready to bolt. I had kept my hand on his. I squeezed it gently and carefully guided it to my knee. Scooted even closer, so our legs touched, looked into his eyes again.

"It's just us," I said.

Realization dawned on him at last. His gaze locked onto mine. I bent forward to kiss him.

I was very gentle at first. We kissed softly, slowly. I didn't use my tongue but put my lips to serious work. (I was taught by a master of soul-kissing). His hand was still on my knee. In time, I encouraged him to rub his hand up and down my thigh. His large warm hand was tentative, unsure. He stopped far short of my ass. He seemed to expect me to protest. To encourage him more I broke our kiss and put my legs on his lap. I placed my hand on his, urged it up into the danger zone. He took over as I kissed him again, exploring the outside of my thigh, running his hand up to my ass. I rubbed my legs together sensuously to let him know he was doing well. Now he was stroking the tops of my thighs. I spread my legs a bit and his hand fanned down to the inside of my thigh.

"Yes," I whispered.

I wiggled some more, widening my legs. I let him touch me as I deepened our kiss, becoming more aggressive with my tongue. At last he loosened up a bit, returned my kiss and brought his hand up to touch my breasts. I rubbed against him as he squeezed and explored. The silky shirt felt wonderful as it shifted against my skin. My nipples were rock-hard and he tweaked one then the other, cupped my breasts gently and ran his thumb over the nipples again. I began to breathe faster as he went on, his touch becoming more firm and eager.

"OK," I thought, "This is better." Travis seemed more confident now.

I stopped worrying that I was scaring him. I pulled my tee over my head and he bent down to suckle and kiss first one breast then the other. I twisted out of my original position and straddled him on the couch. It felt so good when my thighs parted wide and my wet pussy opened up. A strong masculine smell rose from him, hot and incredibly arousing. His shirt was smooth under my hands as I steadied myself. I rubbed against his belt buckle then I ground my crotch against the folds of his jeans where they covered his zipper, rubbing my clit against him. Soon I was gently riding him as his hands and mouth explored my breasts, teasing and stroking and squeezing. I was so primed and ready. This alone was almost enough to make me cum.

Eventually I pulled away and took advantage of my conveniently arranged apartment. I smoothly moved us over to the bed, sat Travis on the edge and parted his legs. Kneeling on the floor between his legs I pushed up his shirt. He got the idea and took it off. I pressed my breasts against his bare chest, my skin sliding like silk against his. I worked my way down to lick his nipples, running my hands over his body, shoulders, chest, waist, ass, and legs. As I was kissing my way down his stomach I put my hand on his belt.

I looked up with an inquisitive expression.

He nodded.

I have always found removing a man's jeans extraordinarily exciting. I took my time, deliberately undid the buckle, slipped the leather tongue out of the metal clasp and pulled the lengths of leather out of the way. I unbuttoned his jeans, stroked his cock through the coarse material and pulled down the zipper. He was wearing briefs and I felt the soft weave of the fabric against my palm as I stroked him more. He had a raging hard-on. I kissed and nibbled around the waistband of his briefs, dipping my tongue under the elastic as I massaged his cock through the fabric. We got his jeans and briefs off. He was completely naked without any real consciousness of undressing. I have always tried to make everything effortless for my partner and I was very flattered when a friend told me I was easy. That was always my goal, to make it easy and natural.

Now my bare waist was between his thighs. I took his cock in my hand. The girth and the hardness excited me. I stroked him firmly, letting my thumb glide over the pre cum forming on the tip. I bent down to take his dick in my mouth. I love the smell and taste of men and so lost myself in the act, every part of me concentrated into making love to his cock. I slid my tongue around the rim of his head and then gently sucked it into my mouth. I let him feel the silky warm wetness. Slowly I began working my mouth down, down as far as I could go. I worked on him like this, shaft firmly in one hand, teasing his balls with the other hand, sucking harder and harder, taking his cock deeper and deeper till it hit the back of my throat. I developed a rhythm, my head bobbing up and down. With a fingertip I reached behind his balls and stroked that special little spot between anus and balls. He lightly touched my hair, pulled it out of the way. I thought I could have gone on forever... but then suddenly my excitement rose like a fountain.

I pushed him back into a lying position, straddling his crotch. I rubbed myself against his cock, kissing him, my frenzied hands ranging over his body, my whole body throbbing with excitement. Skin slid against skin, his cock shoved up against the lips of my pussy. There was just that little bit of fabric between us.

This is the part when clothes just melt away. I don't know which of us peeled off my leggings; I was on my back with my legs spread wide. I quickly enveloped his dick in the condom with so little fuss he barely noticed and then he was in me. I wrapped my legs around him, wrapped my arms around him, and we stayed like that for a moment.

I am not sure how long we went. Probably not long. But long enough for it to seem like forever, time without meaning, nothing but the pure pleasure of now. An orgasm worked its way up from my clitoris and expanded through my center, a spout of crystal light and pleasure. I cried out. Then he was cumming in me. Groaning, jerking against me. Finally we relaxed and he rolled off me. He seemed to come to his senses after a while. I told him he was great (he WAS great, and I know men like this reassurance).

Travis then confessed, "This was my first time."

I was very surprised. Sometimes I am a bit slow on the uptake. At any rate, it explained his initially strange behavior. Then I felt proud of myself, I had taken his virginity! And I was proud of him too, for losing his tentative shyness and finally thrusting into me like a full-fledged man.

I had seduced many a man, but now I had seduced a virgin. I never did so again. I look back on the experience with great pleasure.

I hope Travis does too.
