The Story of a Freshman Slut
byDirtydesiresss©

My first semester of my freshman year at university had opened me up to a whole new world of sexual encounters. Prior to starting at university I had little experience when it came to sex, my short term boyfriend had once fingered me whilst we were at the movies, and I had lost my virginity at an end of college house party. My first time hadn't been as spectacular as I'd expected, but it had left me with a craving for more and with freshers week only around the corner I was about to get a lot more than I could handle.

I had heard several stories about freshers week from girls a year above me who I knew from college, stories not all of which I had believed could be true, after my first week I found out first hand just how true those stories had been having lived some myself.

Each night I had dressed up in slutty outfits that matched that nights club theme, I was surrounded by hot guys who would chat me up before I chose one to bring back to my dorm. My favourite night had been when I dressed as a slutty maid and the guy I took back made me obey his commands, that night a desire for domination had been awoken inside of me.

Weeks had passed since freshers week, the days of partying every night had died down to just three times a week, and my nights of sexual adventures had died out with them, my need to be satisfied however had not. Finding a hot guy to take home whilst drunk in a club was easy, but when I was sober and in studies all day I was left frustrated. Sex was all I could think about, I found myself in the toilets pleasuring myself in between lectures, luckily it wasn't long before I found a solution to help keep my desires satisfied both day and night.

The room I took my biology lecture had tiered seating, the rows of seats became longer with each growing level, however in this particular room was a two seated bank just above the last tier which I assumed must have been used for old projectors. One day I had chosen to sit in one of the two seats that sat above the rest of the class, a very attractive guy had also had to sit next to me from the lack of available seats. It was half way through the lecture that an idea had struck me, I lifted my skirt and started to rub my panties, I knew the guy next to me was subtlety enjoying watching me as I played with myself under the desk concealed to the rest of the room.

The next day I had secured the same seat and was not surprised to see the same guy from the previous day climbing the stairs to join me. Minutes into the lecture I had again lifted my skirt, this time however I grabbed my neighbours hand and directed it to my soaked panties, after his initial shock he began to get to work and my needs were soon fed. I quickly learned that this guy had told his friends about what happened, I watched on from my now permanent seat as a wave of guys pushed each other out of the way to try and obtain the seat next to mine.

Sometimes if I found the lucky guy who got to pleasure me hot enough I would write my dorm address down on his notepad or laptop along with a message. I had total power over who I got to fuck and even got to request what I wanted, whether it be rough sex, role play, or a quickie that I wanted all I had to do was write it down and patiently wait in my room. I'd found a way to satisfy myself both in the day and at night, anything new I wanted to try I only needed to request, I felt like i had total power over all of the boys in that lecture room who were all fighting to get to me, but I was about to learn that the power I thought I had made others angry.

One day I was too busy watching the guys competitively race up the stairs to notice a girl pulling out the chair beside me and sitting down, a wave of disappointed had hit me when I saw her knowing that all of my plans had now been washed away. The lecture had started and I was sulking into the distance when the girl sat next to me tapped me on my shoulder and pointed at her laptop, she tilted the screen towards me wanting me to read what was on the screen, I began to read the message written in capital letters.

"I'VE HEARD THAT YOU ARE A SLUT, I'VE BEEN WATCHING WHAT YOUR DOING UP HERE, YOU MUST FEEL LIKE YOU ARE QUEEN OF THE WORLD BEING ABLE TO CONTROL THOSE GUYS, WELL YOU ARE NOTHING BUT A LITTLE WHORE AND I'M GOING TO BRING YOU DOWN A PEG, YOU WILL DO AS I SAY OR I WILL TELL THE WHOLE ROOM WHAT YOU HAVE BEEN DOING UP HERE. NOD IF YOU UNDERSTAND!"

I stopped reading and slowly turned my head until I met her dark evil eyes staring me in my face and gave her a frightened nod.

I couldn't quite believe what was happening I had felt so embarrassed. It had only just occurred to me just how slutty what I had been doing really was, and now here say this stranger telling me exactly what I was, the outfit I had chosen that day did not help my defence at all. I'd always wear a skirt for easy access, on this day I chose to wear a dark green plaid tennis skirt along with white knee high socks, and a pair of black dr martens. I think it was the shortness of my skirt that had made me look slutty.

She let me sit in shame for several minutes before she made her first move, she opened her handbag and pulled out a tie, grabbing my wrists she tied them tightly together behind my chair. After waiting for the opportune moment as not to get caught she dropped underneath the desk, kneeling directly in front of my legs. For the first time in weeks my legs were closed together under the table, the girl took hold of each of my legs pulling them apart and raising them to rest on my chair. My white cotton panties were fully exposed to her and she pulled them up to my thighs, she buried her face into my pussy and began licking frantically.

Before long she had two fingers plunged into my tight hole whilst she worked on my clit with her tongue, I was trying my best to contain my moans from the class. I knew I was about to cum, my legs were shaking as she finger fucked me as fast as she possibly could. I had managed to silence myself as I came, but then I let out a squeal as I felt her push a finger into my asshole! Several students had heard me and were staring at me, most just turned back to the front but some of the boys knew exactly what was going on.

I looked down to see her evil glare, she had now abandoned my pussy and had left her finger in my ass, I knew she was enjoying the pain she inflicted as she stretched my virgin hole. She had accomplished what she wanted to do, I felt like such a whore as she played with my ass, I had never experienced anal before and I definitely wasn't prepared, I hoped that I hadn't made a mess. I was glad when she didn't go any further, she pulled my soaked panties down off my ankles putting them into her handbag, she started to type on her laptop again.

"WE BOTH KNOW YOU ENJOYED THAT DIDN'T YOU SLUT? YOU GOT A LITTLE PUNISHMENT AT THE END, BUT IF YOU THINK THAT WAS IT THEN YOUR WRONG! YOUR GOING TO WRITE YOUR DORM ADRESS DOWN, AND AT 9PM I'M GOING TO FIND YOUR DOOR UNLOCKED AND YOU LAY FACE DOWN ON YOUR BED IN NOTHING BUT A SHORT SKIRT AND HIGH HEELS, THEN YOU WILL GET A PROPER PUNISHMENT FOR WHAT YOU HAVE DONE WHORE! YOU'LL MAKE SURE THAT LITTLE HOLE IS NICE AND CLEAN FOR ME. OH AND YOUR NOT GETTING YOUR PANTIES BACK. SEE YOU LATER WHORE!" I took a gulp after reading what she had wrote, i had to look at her just to make sure she wasn't joking. She wasn't. After she untied my bound hands I wrote my dorm address down and left. I felt me juices running down my legs as i made my way down the stairs without having my panties to soak them up.

That night I unlocked the latch on my door and lay face down on my bed, as instructed I wore a pair of black high heels and I picked out the shortest miniskirt I owned in the hope that it would ease my punishment the shorter it was. As I lay nervously awaiting her arrival I felt both a wave of fear and excitement for what was about to come.

The end.
