Mandy Jones

Hi. I wrote my first posts on this page almost 2 years ago and I'd totally forgotten about it. It suddenly occurred to me to have a peek at the site and I found that somebody replied to my thread recently. Great! How nice to hear from you. 

Actually not long after I wrote those earlier posts I got involved with a guy. I mentioned that I'd written a couple of posts on a webpage but didn't tell him which one. He got a little bit funny about it so I decided not to write anything else although i kept looking at the site. Silly really as we broke up about six months ago. He was a really sweet guy and I don't think he would have liked it very much if I had spent my time with him wearing barely-there skirts and no underwear and flashing my pussy and asshole off to other guys. So I decided to dress more conservatively for him which was a bit of a wrench but worth it because my feelings for him were very strong. However, whenever I went out with my girlfriends the crotch-skimming skirts would always come out and the knickers would always come off. (I do have one or two risky stories about that if anyone is interested!) 

Since we broke up, I've gradually gone back to my old ways. I did a bit of belated spring cleaning recently and ended up taking to the charity shop almost all of the knickers and conservative garments I had bought during that relationship. It felt very liberating! Nowadays I only have one knee-length dress and one knee length skirt, one pair of jeans and one pair of trousers, 2 pairs of knickers (pretty much just to pay lipservice to owning knickers) and nice collection of short skirts and dresses ranging from 2 inches above the knee to about 5cm below my pussy. I go without knickers pretty much all the time now. When I'm on my period i usually manage to get away with just a tampon (although I have to make sure that the skirt I wear isn't too short - once I wore a 7 inch skirt to pop to the supermarket and didn't realise that when it rode up my string was hanging down below it!). I even wear skirts instead of shorts when doing sport or going out walking. I started playing squash about a month ago with a good friend and we both wear tiny little tennis skirts. She wears a skimpy Thong but I can't really see the point in that so I go without. I wear that same skirt whenever I go running in the park nearby. It's quite sturdy so the wind doesn't usually catch it. When i go the gym I tend to avoid the rowing machine unless the place is mostly empty. The walking and running machines are fine and the cycling machine is always fun. (I better it's even more fun for the person who goes after me!) 

At the moment I'm co-managing a cafe/deli full time and doing a foundation course in business and management in the evenings. Recently I've found it tricky to get my outfit right for the day because the weather is so changeable. Generally the skirts and dresses i have been wearing to work have been mini to micro-mini and , of course, wihout knickers. If the weather has been rubbish, as it has been a lot recently, I put on a pair of tights. I always make sure I cut a little hole in the gusset though to let my pussy breathe. More often than not at the moment I leave for work with tights on but take them off once I get to work. The people i work with are quite used to how I dress. In fact they always give me compliments about my legs (or my ass cheeks which are sometimes on display). 

I have a few really sexy minidresses that I wear for formal occasions. My favourite one for weddings is a skin-tight stretch white micro-minidress with see-through panels. I wear it with a pair of gorgeous white stilettos. The total outfit comprises the dress, the shoes, a diamante necklace, an ankle bracelet, an elegant coiffeur, a silver *a**a* and nothing else! 

For more sombre occasions I can always put on the knee-length dress. 

I take hygiene very seriously and always keep my pussy clean, fresh and hairless. In fact the lack of pubes often helps to keep the lack of knickers discreet. 

By the way, if anybody is interested, I'm 5'3'', 20 years old, size 8-10 and have short, platinum blond hair. I have a permanent tan (courtesy of the salon, not the great British sunshine) and am told by people that I'm quite pretty. I have a pierced bellybutton and tongue and am thinking of getting my clitoris hood and nipples pierced after a couple of my mates did it. 

In answer about the question of where I live and what clubs I go to, I think it's probably best for me not to give too much away for the sake of my own safety. However, I do live in the South London area and most often go to clubs in London or occasionally Brighton (I've got quite a few friends down there). 

Mandy. X


