INHERITANCE

A dark and sadistic tale set in England during the First World War

Written by Dickins 

This story is a work of erotic fiction. All names, characters, places and 
incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are used 
here fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Story Codes: ped, humil and bdsm

Chapter 8, Cruel Competitions

It's late July, and the teachers have organised some very humiliating and 
painful competitions for the children as entertainment for their 
employers. Miss Bishop gave them many ideas and helped to train the 
children. 

In readiness for the special games later this morning, lemonade with an 
aphrodisiac in it had been given at breakfast to ensure that the children 
would be fully aroused and capable of performing on demand.  

It's a perfect day; the sun is shining in a clear blue sky and there is 
bird song from the woods, and swans and ducks are watching from their 
vantage point on the lake. 

With help from staff from the Grange, a small running track has been 
painted on the grass in front of the lake, and little coloured flags are 
waving in the light breeze. A marquee has also been erected so that the 
audience can watch the competitions from the comfort of its shade.

At the designated time Simon escorted Victoria on one arm and Anne on the 
other, both ladies wearing summer dresses while Simon sported a white 
jacket over white trousers. Victoria carried a white parasol to protect 
her from the sun, as they strolled down to the lake enjoying the 
atmosphere of such a most exciting occasion.

The children that were part of Victoria's harem followed escorted by Mary 
Smith and were made to sit quietly behind the large screen from the 
library, which Walter and John had carried down. 

Mary had been given strict instructions to ensure that the children 
masturbated and kept themselves fully aroused throughout the games, even 
if it meant that she had to help them herself in order to make sure that 
they were ready to entertain Victoria and Simon later.

Making themselves comfortable in the armchairs that had been placed for 
the best view, Victoria and Simon applauded as the children from the 
Priory were marched down to the lake and paraded in front of them wearing 
just vests and a pair of tight fitting shorts.
 
Those girl's who had started to develop early, and there were only two of 
them, had been made to wear a tight breast band in place of the vest, and 
while it supported them a little better, the thin and tight material only 
served to highlight their nipples and made them blush.

The boys too, felt uncomfortable in their tight shorts as the fabric 
clung so tightly to their loins it allowed everyone to gauge the size of 
their genitals and the state of their arousal.
 
"Children," Miss Parks announced.
 
"Firstly! Let me thank Miss Victoria and Master Simon for so kindly 
agreeing to host these special games," she announced. "You will all be 
taking part in an equal number of games. The first to finish will receive 
a special prize or privilege, but the last to finish will receive a 
forfeit," she told them.

"Do you understand?" Miss Parks asked them curtly.

"Yes, Miss" the children chorused.

Miss Baker had placed a board on an easel, and the games were listed down 
the left hand side with their names over the top. As Miss Bishop picked 
their names from a hat, they were added with a cross in the corresponding 
column and row.

"Your positions will be marked on the board, and then the awards and 
forfeit's given out at the end of the games," Miss Bishop announced. 

"Remember! A win doesn't cancel out a forfeit," she said with a sly 
smile.

The children glanced at each other; their time at the Priory had been 
long enough for them to get to know each other, building friendships and 
sometimes rivalries.

"The first game is called 'The Egg Race'" Miss Baker announced.

This was an aptly named game but had a twist. On the table there was a 
bowl of small white eggs, in reality they were made out of sugar by Agnes 
the cook and were small enough to fit where needed and delicate enough 
that, if handled too roughly, they would break.

Six children were called forward and told to drop their shorts around 
their thighs and to bend over the table. 

Their training had taken away any rebelliousness that they may have had 
and without hesitation, the three boys and three girls did just as they 
were told, lowering their shorts and pushing their bottoms out. 

The teachers walked up and down the row from opposite ends, teasing their 
bottom cheeks apart with oily fingers, and inserting an egg into their 
little anuses.

"Now remember! You are to run the full fifty yards to the finishing line 
with your shorts left exactly as they are, then deposit your egg into 
this tray without using your hands," Miss Baker told them.
 
Miss Park's licked her fingers of some of the sugar she'd picked up from 
the eggs and Simon perked up, licking his lips as he looked at the tray 
that had been placed right in front of where he and his sister were 
sitting. 

"You can only win if the egg is not broken," Miss Baker warned.

"The looser will be the child with the slowest time with a broken egg or, 
if all intact, with an intact egg," Miss Park added.

The six children looked at each other again, some in confident mood, 
others clearly nervous. Then they shuffled forward to the starting line 
impeded by their half lowered shorts, but also worried that too much 
movement may break the delicate little eggs.

They lined up, licking their lips and watching Miss Park's with the 
whistle. When it blew, they were off, running with strange gaits as they 
tried not to unsettle or disturb the egg.
  
Victoria and Simon laughed and clapped their hands as the runners came to 
the finish line. 

The children then walked carefully over to the tray, forming a queue as 
they waited for the boy who and been the fastest to squat over the pan 
and deposit his egg.

Simon bent to watch with greater interest as the boy positioned his 
little bottom over the tray, and then slowly pushed down, grunting and 
panting as the hard little egg was expelled. 

Two, three, then four pieces of egg dropped into the tray, and he drew 
away with much disappointment.

A tall girl was next. She licked her lips and bent to position her lovely 
bottom over the tray, then softly grunting as she tried to gently expel 
the hard egg from her anus. 

His mouth hanging open, Simon stared in awe at the slowly opening little 
anus, gasping softly as he saw the egg appear. 

It was one of the most incredible sights Simon had ever seen as he 
watched the twelve-year-old girl expel the egg from her bottom. The 
unbroken egg dropped into the tray and, seeing it, she grinned and stood 
up, the first winner of these special games.

In order to keep up their arousal and to ensure their ability to take 
part in all of the competitions, they were made to drink the special 
lemonade at regular intervals.

******

The second game was called 'The Harness Race' and was for boys only and 
they were all called forward.

"Right! Boys to the starting line," Miss Park's announced.

"Now! Remove your clothes," Miss Baker told them, holding up several 
harnesses and indicated that the boys were to be fitted with them.

Miss Bishop had brought these harnesses from St Saviour's but Carol the 
housekeeper and her daughter Mary had made slight adjustments to them for 
this race.

The harnesses fitted about the waist and were then passed between the 
boy's thighs. In doing so, an anal plug was forced into their anuses, a 
bend in the way it had been adjusted forcing it to rub on the lower 
surface of their rectums.

The strap continued between their thighs where it ended in a ring of 
leather, the inside of which was contoured. Being slipped over their 
cock's before they grew too hard and long, its purpose was to excite the 
wearer, with the level of pleasure growing the faster they moved.

"The winner will be the boy who runs the farthest before spending," Miss 
Parks told them, her whistle in hand. 

The boys all shuffled to the line, groaning as the very movement of the 
harnesses, their cocks suddenly becoming erect to the delight of the 
girls and the audience.

The whistle blew and the six boys took off, the smallest boy taking the 
lead. His strategy was simple; he wasn't going to last very long, not 
with the exquisite feeling rising from deep in his bottom, those feelings 
added to by the pull of the leather harness around the base of his little 
cock, so he would run the quickest.

Walter and John ran alongside, keeping an eye on them to ensure there was 
no cheating. The boys were soon panting and stumbling, groaning at the 
pleasure shooting through their cocks. Some were staring ahead of them; 
trying their best to ignore the pleasure that every step was giving them.
 
The boy in the lead suddenly stopped and held himself. 

No longer able to stand it, he had given himself the final strokes needed 
for him to spend, as he jerked uncontrollably from the anal plug 
massaging his prostrate.

Other boys staggered past, their pace shortened as they desperately tried 
to limit the pleasurable sensation of the leather ring sliding back and 
forth along their cocks. 

With a squeal, another boy clutched at himself, doubling over as he tried 
to stem the fountain of seed that erupted from him.

Two boys were left, gritting their teeth, one tried to overtake the other 
and then hold on until the other boy came. 

He broadened his steps in an effort to overtake the other but it was the 
caused of his downfall. The leather pulled at his cock for that little 
bit longer, drawing back his flesh, exacting that little bit more 
sensation that, when matched with the anal plug massaging his prostate, 
made him spend.

With a cry of loss he stood transfixed as his ejaculation welled up 
inside him. Clutching himself only served to intensify his release, and 
his seed could be seen flying through the air in a long stream of pearly 
fluid.

The winner sobbed and dropped to his knees before stretching his body 
back, the move pushing the anal plug deeper while his hands finished the 
job the leather ring had started. 

The audience applauded and discussed amongst themselves the game and its 
competitors, idly comparing what they had liked or disliked about each of 
the boys. There were smiles again when the boy's lined up in front of the 
patrons to have their anal plugs withdrawn, and it was clear to see that 
many of them were displaying some very sore cocks.

"You can leave your clothes off," Miss Baker said, much to the relief of 
the boys who were only too aware of how much pain the tight shorts would 
have caused to their tender cocks.

******

"Now! The girls," Miss Baker announced.

The third game was called 'The Bicycle Ride' and was for girls only, and 
still giggling from watching the boy's shooting their seed they shuffled 
forward, licking their lips as they saw the four strings of pleasure 
beads that lay on the tray.

"Remove your vests and shorts," Miss Baker told them.

Their hands coyly tried to hide their little breasts and cunts as they 
undressed, their faces already glowing as they began to guess what was to 
come.

While the girl's watched, Walter and John brought a special bicycle and 
placed it in front of the audience. One that had the back wheel lifted 
off the ground by a stand and a simple counter added to it, so they could 
count how many times the wheel had turned. 

The saddle had also been changed, from the normal broad seat, to a 
slender seat that looked phallic; it was so narrow and long. Simon licked 
his lips in anticipation as the men positioned the bicycle right in front 
of him.

"Now Listen! The game is quite simple," Miss Park announced.

"Your ride on this special bicycle will be measured twice. Firstly by how 
many times the back wheel has been turned. Secondly by how long it takes 
you to orgasm three times, the winner being the quickest, then we will 
also measure how long it takes you to come a forth time, the winner being 
the longest," Miss Baker added.

"Can we win one and loose the other?" one of the younger girls asked. 

"Yes," Miss Bishop replied. 

The girl's began to coyly masturbate, in anticipation of their need to 
orgasm as quickly as possible.

"Enough of that! Hands on your head until it's your turn. Come on now 
girls, you know what to do," Miss Park shouted, her hands placed firmly 
on her hips.

Rose was first to ride and she blushed brightly as she sensed that 
everyone was looking at her, watching excitedly as she picked up the 
pleasure beads.

She tried not to think of the view she was giving as she crouched down to 
push the pleasure beads into her cunt, pressing them high into her 
vaginal passage before standing up again.

"Are you ready?" Miss Park asked.

Rose nodded and climbed onto the bicycle, the beads already working 
within her, forcing her cunt to ripple and tighten about the moving 
spheres.
 
As soon as she had mounted, the whistle blew, and straight away Rose 
pushed her cunt down onto the narrow seat, rubbing herself while the 
beads shifted deep in her vagina as she rode.

Pleasure bloomed like the opening of an oven, heat washing over her.
With a cry she jumped up and down on the saddle, having to stop as the 
first crisis came over her, shaking her with its pleasure. 

As soon as she could, she was working for her second, dipping her back to 
press her cunt into the leather saddle, her orgasm rushing over her on 
the back of the last, its force leaving her breathless and weak, eager to 
just lie down and enjoy the afterglow.

Her third was harder and she whimpered with its illusiveness, working the 
pedals and grinding her cunt into the saddle, squirming as the final 
hurdle seem to elude her for so long. 

When it came, it was the sweetest yet, exploding from deep within her, 
pouring through her like a flood. She imagined it would be easy then, to 
hold off another.

The opposite was true. As she pedalled cautiously, the tenderness of her 
little cunt rubbing against the unforgiving saddle threatened to bring 
her off again. 

She raised herself off the unforgiving saddle and cycled as slowly as she 
was allowed, as the beads moved within her cunt and threatened to bring 
about her fourth orgasm much to early.

Sweat flowed down her little face as she tried ignoring the exquisite 
sensations, but finally there was no holding it off any longer. Her 
pedalling stopped and, holding herself, she shuddered with her final bout 
of pleasure, her sob making her audience lick their lips.

One by one, the other girls each pushed a string of beads into their 
cunts and mounted the bicycle. Each girl watched the ones before her, 
learning what seemed to work best, each one getting a better time for 
each of the tests. 

The adults watched enthralled by all their orgasms, and by the play of 
the muscles under their skin that made such a lovely sheen as they 
pedalled, whimpering in an effort to hold off the inevitable. 

Rose wiped a tear from her eye, knowing that she would earn a forfeit 
despite all her efforts.

"You can leave your clothes off," Miss Baker announced.

******

The fourth game was called 'The Paired Race' between three girls and 
three boys who were taken to one side to be prepared. 

Normally the left and the right foot would be tied together and the boy 
and girl would have to run in harmony to win the race.

Not for this race! 

The pairing was a boy and girl turned back to back with their thighs 
parted and a double dildo joining them together, one end deep in the 
boy's anus, the other deep into the girl's cunt.

Cries and gasps were heard coming from them as they shuffled forward, 
each move they or their partner made, connecting directly with each 
other's genitals.

"Now remember! If it comes loose from either of you, you have to start 
again," Miss Park reminded them, grinning at their flushed faces.

The whistle blew and they shuffled forward, panting and gasping with 
their effort. Two were walking back to front while one tried a side-ways 
approach. As the couple walking sideways overtook the others, they in 
turn changed their strategy and tried catching up.

For one pair, turning sideways dislodged the dildo from the girl's 
moistened cunt and they had to run back to quickly have it pushed back in 
before starting off again.

The boy and girl in the lead thought they had won, and then, three 
quarters down the track, the girl squealed as she lost control and the 
dildo plopped out of her cunt as she had an orgasm. With a cry of alarm, 
her partner half dragged her back to start all over again.

The second couple had slowed, the girl whimpering and sobbing as she 
tried keeping the dildo inside her moistened cunt, yet with every step, 
she could feel it edging out of her, that little bit less to grip on 
within her. 

As they slowed, the last pair overtook them and the dildo slipped out at 
the same time. Crying with frustration, they ran back to start again, the 
girl staring wide eyed to the side as she tried to keep her cunt nice and 
tight and not give in to the motion of it as they moved.

Ultimately, the pair who'd been first came last and the slowest pair came 
first, and the boys ended up with sore anuses the girl's with sore cunts.

******

Peeing contests were held throughout the games, whenever the child felt 
ready. There were two competitions. The first was for volume, and a bench 
had been set up within the marquee with a measuring jug upon it. 

Whenever they felt ready, they would gain their teacher's permission and 
hurry over to the jug where they had to straddle the jug and have the 
volume measured and recorded on the board.

As early scores were recorded, the children began to fret about their 
ability to pee as much, and they began to ask for more of the special 
lemonade, with only the adults aware of the effect it would have on them. 

Victoria once again found herself enjoying the spectacle of children 
peeing in front of her. Boy or girl, she loved the sudden appearance of 
the golden water and how it spurted from their genitals. 

She loved the sound, and she loved the overall display, the children 
still blushing slightly as they performed the act, nervously waiting for 
the amount to go up on the board so that they'd know if they were safe or 
not.

The second was for distance. Another bench was placed at one end of the 
marquee with a tablecloth laid along the ground. The tablecloth was 
designed to fit the long table in the main dining room of the Grange, so 
there was little danger of a child missing it.

Girls laid themselves down on the bench with their bottom over the end 
and their thighs spread wide apart. They fought to pee as far as they 
could, the white tablecloth acting as a perfect recorder of how far their 
urine had managed to spurt.

Boys sat astride the benches above a painted line, so that they're 
position and the height of their cock's remained exactly the same, and 
they too peed with as much force as they could.

Victoria loved this game and clapped her encouragement, loving the girls 
best, especially those who thought drawing their labia apart first might 
help their pee travel further. 

She also loved seeing their bright pink cunts and watching their tiny 
urethras pout slightly as they released their bladders. 

Another time, another place, she might have been inclined to drop her 
mouth to them, cleaning them and savouring the special tang of their 
urine.

******

The fifth game was called 'The Wheelbarrow Race' and had been adapted by 
Miss Baker especially for these games, and she explained the rules 
carefully to the six children.

"The boys will carry the girls around their middles to the finishing 
line. The first boy over the line is the winner, as long as he is still 
inside the girl, and he hasn't spent. The girl who is first to the line 
is the looser, because they should have been trying to make the boy spend 
before he gets there," Miss Park told them.

"How will we do that Miss?" Betty asked, a girl of eleven who always 
seemed willing to do whatever was asked of her, though this time it would 
seem to have required a little more explanation.

"Well Betty! You will be facing your partner, your thighs around his 
middle, your arms around his neck, and his cock placed deep inside your 
vagina," Miss Baker explained. 

Betty caught on and grinned as she looked at her partner, her eyes 
darting down to look at the size and breadth of his cock. 

Other girls did the same while the boys licked their lips and, as one, 
began to slowly grow erect.

"Ok girls! Get your mounts ready," Miss baker called.

With little giggles at having to perform before so many, the girls got 
down and took their respective partners cock's into their mouths, 
expertly drawing them into stiffness while little fingers squeezed their 
balls in order to help quicken the process.

"Mount!" Miss Baker called.

Licking their lips of the boy's flavour, the girls lifted one leg, and 
opened themselves, presenting their cunts to their partner's cock. 
Cautiously, they sank themselves upon the cock they had made hard moments 
before. 

The boys groaned and gasped as their partner's cunts squeezed their cocks 
tightly. The girls clenched their thighs about their partner's hips while 
they in turn, had their bottoms groped as their partner's tried to 
ensured that their cock's didn't slip out.

The whistle blew and the boys began trotting down the line, almost 
immediately stopping as the motion brought their pleasure soaring 
upwards, endangering their ability to get to the finish line.

Panting and gasping, the girls mewing with delight, the boys now more 
cautiously moved towards the finish line. 

The girls panted and squirmed, then sobbed deliciously as they orgasmed, 
the hot flood around the boys cocks almost causing their partner to 
spend. 

Still they continued, riding their partner even harder if he moved into 
the lead, trying to bring him off with her newly found riding skills. 

The audience watched with envy as the girls grinned and teased the boys, 
certain in their ability to bring them off before finishing.

The boy's, most of whom had already spent at least a couple of times that 
morning, took a tighter grip on their little riders, trying to limit 
their motions as they continued to stumble forward.

Gasps and cries came from everywhere as the children competed against 
each other, making an interesting spectacle. Despite many having sore 
cunts, they kept sliding themselves up and down the boys rigid cocks, 
none wanting to be the first over the line. 

Yet the boys were driven by the same terror, and all conscious of where 
the others in the race stood, continued working towards the race finish.

They were all within apace of each other as they came racing towards the 
finishing line. All of them looked exhausted. Only their cocks looked 
fresh and vibrant, gleaming with the juices of their riders. 

Just feet from the end, the boys hurried, their teeth gritted as they 
endeavoured to be the first over the line. A boy stumbled and cried out 
in despair. His partner astride him felt the pumping of his cock and 
squealed her delight. 

She'd won and he'd lost. 

The other two got across the line and fell upon their riders, pinning 
them to the grass as their loins worked to finish off what the girls had 
tormented them for. 

Almost immediately they were coming, crying out with their pent up 
release while the girls giggled and let them have their way.

******

The separate relay races were a disappointment after the fun of the 
wheelbarrow race. 

With specially made dildo shaped batons protruding from the girl's cunts 
and the boy's anuses, the race got under way. 

There were to be four transfers of the batons with a penalty of ten 
seconds for anyone using their hands.

In the end, however, after the difficulty of passing the batons from anus 
to anus and cunt to cunt, all the children used their hands to help 
transfer the batons and Victoria and Simon had to wait several minutes 
before the teachers declared the race void due to 'technical 
difficulties'.

None the less, watching the girls trying to use their cunt muscles to 
transfer the batons, and the boys grunting and gasping as they tried 
expelling them from their anuses, had been a pleasure, perhaps made even 
more so by the knowledge that it was the last race.

It was now time for the winners to receive their rewards, the losers to 
receive their forfeits.

"You've all done very well," Victoria began by telling them, as John and 
Walter moved a punishment horse in front of the marquee and Miss Bishop 
practiced her swing with one of the whips. The children stood silent and 
licked their lips; glancing nervously at the board to see just how many 
times their names appeared.

"Today! Those who have won, will be rewarded by punishing those who have 
lost," Victoria explained.

The children gasped, and looked at each other in a new light as the 
implications seeped into their tired minds. Once again they looked at the 
board, speculating on those they were to punish, or on those who were to 
punish them.

"Can we choose how we punish them?" Heather asked. 

The twelve year old had been the only child not to loose any of the races 
and also won one of them, so she thought that she could be as harsh as 
she wished.

"You may give us your suggestions, but we'll decide," Victoria told her 
as the other adults chuckled.   

Having already felt the attentions of Miss Victoria and Master Simon, 
Heather knew that the punishments could never be too harsh and licked her 
lips as she thought of some sadistic punishments to suggest.

"Wendy won the first race, and Peter lost it," Miss Baker announced, her 
face flushed as the whole purpose of these games started to come to 
fruition. 

"Step forward!" Miss Park ordered. 

Wendy looked radiant with all her excitement. Peter licked his lips as he 
glanced towards Wendy, his cock limp with his nervousness, his skin pale.

"Any ideas how Peter should be punished Wendy?" Victoria asked.
The child licked her lips while looking at the boy, a short lad who 
looked younger than his thirteen years. "A spanking?" she suggested, 
conscious that her own turn would come, a looser in the peeing the 
farthest competition.

Victoria smiled and took the leather strap offered by Miss Bishop.

"You'll give him a dozen with this!" she told the excited little girl.

Wendy took it, her breath shortening as she looked at the little metal 
studs that had been fastened through the flat surface of the leather. 
None were smooth metal, but roughly ended, so they would cut and tear at 
the skin, ripping through if wielded hard enough. 

She licked her lips and shook, fondling it with a strange sense of awe 
and nervousness.

"Use it well Wendy, or I might just choose to use it on you myself when 
your turn comes. Do you understand?" Victoria asked.

Wendy did, and nodded, taking a deep and steadying breath as Peter was 
taken by the men and put over the punishment horse, his parted bottom 
offered up, his wrists and ankles fastened so he wouldn't be able to stop 
his punishment.

"Twelve strokes," Victoria murmured. 

The excitement grew as the games culminated in punishments that would be 
held right in front of the marquee, the children now responsible for 
punishing each other, the privileged winners enjoying the painful 
humiliation of the losers.

Victoria sat down and calmly crossed her legs; the heat in her cunt 
hidden as she watched Wendy stand up on a box placed to one side of the 
punishment horse to measure her swing. 

The strap looked large in her little hand, but instilled fear in the 
watching children's faces as she raised it high over her shoulder, then 
swung it round to land hard across Peter's bottom.

His squeal was pleasantly loud, his struggles useless. Bright spots 
bloomed across his bottom against a background of feint pink. Wendy was 
already lifting the strap for her second stroke, unheeding his whimpering 
to land a second, her inexperience hitting the same spot.

"Jesus!" Simon breathed as Peter flung himself about in his bonds.

His bottom was starting to bleed after only two strokes, and Wendy looked 
pale but quite determined as she lifted the strap for a third stroke.

"Try to aim a little higher or a little lower," Victoria encouraged 
Wendy, desperately wanting to dive her fingers into her wetness and 
stretch her cunt but held herself back for later when she would have more 
time and a little harem of pleasure slaves to help. 

With these thoughts at the back of her mind she watched Wendy wield the 
third stroke and tensed her thighs as the boy erupted in agony, weeping 
uncontrollably while his bottom was now brightly decorated with bloody 
punctures and scrapes.

Before Peter could settle from the pain, the next stroke came down, now 
aimed a little off the previous strokes, each one now broadening the area 
decorated by the little metal studs. 

Victoria caught her breath, the sight of the girl strapping the boy's   
bottom far more exciting than she had anticipated it would be.

"Sarah," Victoria called. 

Sarah jerked as if hit, then shuffled quickly forward, her mouth dry and 
her heart hammering. 

Victoria seemed like a goddess to her as she neared the seated woman, her 
face calm beside that of her flushed and excited brother, and her clothes 
so lovely, so fresh beside those of his creased ones.

Victoria reached out and the girl automatically parted her thighs so her 
vulva could be stroked, fingers parting her and finding her dry with 
anxiety and nervousness.

"Afraid eh?" Victoria asked. 

Sarah nodded, even now, her eyes filled with hot tears as she sensed the 
woman planning something for her.

"Your forfeit is to crawl under my skirt and lick me until I tell you to 
stop. Do you understand?" Victoria asked.

"Yes Miss," Sarah said.

Astounded, Sarah fell to her knees just as Wendy brought the strap down 
hard again on Peter's bottom, his howl filling the marquee as Victoria's 
skirts fell back down to drape over Sarah.

In the warm humid darkness under Victoria's skirts, the columns of the 
woman's thighs rose; sliding together and guiding Sarah face to the moist 
and hot cunt. Sarah ran the side of her face up along her mistress's 
thighs and reached her cunt just in time to feel it jerk in reaction to 
yet another stroke of the studded strap across Peter's bottom.

Victoria's hands sought out the child's head, and urgently pushed it 
forward, thrusting her into the raw flesh, pushing her face into the 
yielding lips of her cunt to soak her in the rich wetness that was now 
flooding out.

Sitting erect, pleasure flooding her, Victoria watched as the last stroke 
of Peter's punishment was delivered, the studs tearing his bottom, the 
leather further splattering the blood that had already pooled from his 
wounds.

Victoria tensed; keeping her expression neutral as the child's tongue 
found her clitoris and fluttered it, while her nose inhaled the scent and 
her chin pressed against her urethra. She tensed as the sight of Peter's 
punishment brought her to orgasm, and her thighs trembled to either side 
of Sarah's face.

******

"Paul and Peter," Miss Baker called.

"Nooo! Please!" Peter screamed.

He was still bound over the punishment horse, his torn bottom being 
attended to by Agnes the cook who was applying some ointment into it.

Paul, looking nervous, stepped forward, blushing at Miss Victoria as he 
noticed Sarah's feet sticking out from under her skirt. Simon also 
noticed them, and then noticed the glow on his sister's face as she tried 
to control her pleasure. 

Seeing her exploitation of one of the children, he sat up and cast his 
eyes around, settling on one of the boys.

"William, come here," he called urgently. 

Shaking nervously, William shuffled over to Simon, glancing at the little 
feet protruding from under Miss Victoria's skirts.  

"See that?" Simon asked, making William blush as he nodded. "She's been 
let off her forfeit for doing that, do you want to be let off your 
forfeit?" Simon asked.

"What! To lick Miss Victoria?" William asked, a quiver in his voice as he 
thought of having his head between the woman's thighs.

"No! Not her, Me!" Simon snapped, as he unbuttoned himself. "You've been 
taught how to suck a cock, haven't you?" he asked sharply.

William nodded, licking his lips, he bent forward to wrap his little 
hands around the base of Simon's cock, and then apply his lips to the 
uncovered top.

Simon groaned with pleasure, then pulled the boy around so that as he 
continued to bob his head up and down on his cock, he could roughly 
caress the boy's genitals and bottom and push a finger deep into his 
anus.

Despite Paul's worries, everything that had been happening around him had 
caused his cock to rise. 

He imagined being in the same position, tasting Miss Victoria or her 
brother, having his cock roughly handled and pulled upon, having a finger 
slide into his anus, a sensation he found he often enjoyed.  

Victoria watched as Paul's cock continued to rise and turned her head to 
nod towards Miss Bishop who had been waiting with him. 

Miss Bishop knew what the nod meant and retrieved the sheaf from her bag. 
Smiling at the worried looking boy, she caressed his cock until it was 
fully erect, and then rolled a pigskin sheaf down its length.

Aware of how sadistic the adults could be, Paul gulped and panted as he 
looked down to see the sharp little studs that stuck out of the sheaf.

"You lost your game, didn't you Paul?" Miss Bishop asked, keeping him 
erect by her rough caresses. Paul looked down at the sadistic looking 
sheaf, and nodded. 

"So! You don't want to receive a forfeit, do you?" she whispered.

He shook his head. 

He'd had enough punishments to know he would do anything to avoid 
another.

"Then you'll fuck Peter. No being nice to the boy. Fuck him good and 
hard, and we'll let you off your own forfeit," Miss Bishop promised.

Paul turned and walked slowly to where Peter was still bound over the 
punishment horse, his bottom dimpled by the punctures of the strap, his 
skin gleaming with the special ointment that had been applied.

The other children stood nearby, some pale, some flushed, watching as he 
stepped up on the block that Wendy had used behind the weeping boy and 
pulled his bottom cheeks apart.

Peter's anus, like all of the children, had been taught to open at a 
touch, but would have difficulty taking the sheaf around Paul's cock.

Ointment gleamed on the anus that quivered with its owners crying as it 
slowly relaxed and opened. Despite the pain he knew he was going to 
cause, the feel of his cock up against the little hole made Paul groan 
with pleasure.

Victoria raised her thighs slightly, inviting Sarah's tongue into her 
anal crease, and groaned as she watched Paul's studded sheath slide into 
Peter's bottom. 

An agonised wail filled the marquee and had both Simon and Victoria 
panting with the bliss it gave them.

Peter's head was thrown back, and everyone saw the pain on his face as 
Paul's loins met his bottom. Then he was drawing out again, every one of 
the little sharp pieces of metal on the sheath scraping the inner walls 
of Peter's rectum.  

Wail after wail filled the marquee, each one less strident than the last 
as pain, breathlessness and exhaustion overcame him. Still Paul worked 
his cock back and forth, his breath now quickening with the inevitable 
pleasure of drawing his cock back and forth in Peter's hot, and well-
oiled anus.

Peter slumped, falling unconscious with the pain of his buggery.

Paul sobbed and shook, jerking with the seed that spurted through the 
little hole in the tip of the sheath, and Victoria gripped Sarah's head 
holding the tongue to her anus, coming to orgasm with the most delightful 
tease of it.  

Right beside her, Simon half rose as he too spent. His hands held William 
on his cock, shooting his seed down his gullet as the boy began to gag.

******

"Heather and Betty," Miss Baker called.

Betty wept as she was called forward, but Heather beamed, excited by the 
prospect of punishing this young, slow witted girl and licked her lips as 
she watched Master Simon draw the crying girl forward so he could feel 
between her thighs and taste her on his fingers.

In the same way that Heather had only won one game, Betty had only lost 
one game, not winning anything else. 

Because of this, the girls had been chosen to partner each other.  

Kicking and squealing, Betty was taken towards the punishment horse and 
held there while Victoria finished straightening her clothes now Sarah 
had withdrawn.

"Did you want anything in particular?" Victoria asked Heather who was 
clearly relishing the prospect of punishing the still weeping Betty.

"Can I whip her cunt with a riding crop?" she asked excitedly.

"What! Whip a cunt, that's already tender and sore?" Victoria asked in 
mock horror.

"Please Miss. I'll be careful," Heather promised, breathless with her 
desire.

"Very well! Secure her," Victoria ordered, laughing as she nodded towards 
the men holding Betty. 

"Please, please, I'll try harder!" Betty wept. 

Her eyes then turned towards Victoria, she used them to beg for mercy 
unaware of how much pleasure Victoria was received from those begging 
eyes.

Betty was made to lie along the punishment horse on her back with her 
wrists tied down, and her thighs widely parted so her ankles could be 
fastening well apart. 

She continued to squeal and fight in her bonds, squealing one moment, 
weeping and begging the next, growing more frantic as Heather took the 
crop she was offered by Miss Bishop and stepped nearer grinning 
maliciously.

"Please!" Betty sobbed in a heartfelt effort to have her punishment 
reversed.

Heather ignored her pleading and lightly rubbed the apex of Betty's 
pubis, where the delightfully smooth skin curved so alluringly toward her 
lovely little cunt.

The rubbing of the piece of leather at the tip of the crop went on and 
on, with anticipation growing like an ache within everyone who watched. 

Then, just before Victoria was about to call out, Heather landed the 
first sharp stoke of the crop, flicking it in delightful wickedness and 
causing Betty to squeal and struggle in her bonds.

Heather beamed with pleasure and swiftly landed another sharp stroke, 
hard enough to bring a glow to the tender smooth pubis and a high pitched 
squeal from its owner.

The crop, rubbing Betty's flesh, moved down her body and began to rub the 
apex of her cunt. Betty's eyes widened, tears flowing freely from them 
as, with mouth wide open, she let out a howl of despair.

Heather waited until the howl had died and the sobbing recommenced, and 
then delivered the stroke that swept into the child's already sore and 
tender vulva.

The searing crop brought a new screech and a useless twisting of her 
torso as she tried evading the next stroke. Eyes wide, she watched 
Heather prepare for it, whimpering loudly at the look of sadistic glee on 
the young girl's face.

Once more, the crop lashed down, striking Betty's tender cunt full on, 
sweeping down the full length of it to have the girl convulse in agony. 

And then, while Betty was still shrieking, still fighting her bonds, 
Heather laid on another, then another, bringing on a bright rich glow to 
her cunt, one that excitement alone could never have produced.

"Have you anything that will hold her cunt lips apart?" Victoria asked 
Miss Bishop.

Miss Bishop beamed and dug into her large bag, finally producing a single 
length of sturdy wire that had been bent in the middle to create a long V 
some six inches in length. 

The two lengths of metal could be brought together, but naturally wanted 
to spring apart.

Halting Heather, Miss Bishop knelt and deftly pushed the wire along the 
length of Betty's cunt, then gently released the apex to smile as the 
wire showed it had sufficient force to draw her lips apart and leave her 
gleaming interior exposed to her audience.

"There! Whip inside now," Miss Bishop grinned.

The weeping girl's cunt was now totally exposed, from the long, baby-like 
clitoris hood, to her clenching little cunt, all gleaming with the little 
bit of pee Betty had not been able to restrain and was all that had been 
left in her from the games.

Sobbing uncontrollably and shaking her head in mute appeal, Betty 
squirmed in the limits of her bonds, the earlier strikes to her cunt 
leaving it half numb, so she was unaware of how open she had become, and 
how exposed she'd be to the next stroke of the crop.

Everyone else crept closer, their breath made shallow as they watched 
Heather lick her lips in concentration, then aim the tip of the crop so 
it would properly scour the now unprotected flesh between Betty's widely 
parted thighs. 

Gleefully putting as much force into it as possible, Heather swept the 
crop down. It flashed between the girl's thighs and, immediately, Betty's 
body arched to the point of breaking.

A wailing cry filled the marquee, one that told of complete pain and 
misery that expressed everything Victoria found so wonderful about the 
punishment of children.

"And another!" Victoria called.

Betty wailed and squirmed, her cunt now swollen and red, he clitoris hood 
looking large and bulbous, like it might burst at any moment.

Heather felt feint with excitement as she lifted the crop again.  

Betty's cunt lay poised in front of her, turning slightly to the limits 
of her bonds as she continued to squeal and cry, the pain continuing to 
flow into her from her burning cunt.
  
The crop swung through the air and landed just as perfectly as the 
previous stroke, searing into the girl, arching her like a cord a moment 
before her shriek tore through everyone watching.

Miss Bishop was there to capture Heather as she swooned, holding on to 
her with an arm around her waist, her other hand dipping between the 
girl's quivering thighs to roughly caress her burning cunt and to roughly 
caress her as she orgasmed.

Victoria licked her lips and stood and went over to Betty and gazed down 
at the tenderised little cunt, marvelling at the rich and deep colour the 
whipping had produced, inflamed by the sight and the sound of the 
sobbing, whimpering child.

"Can I have her now?" Simon asked, breathless with excitement.

"No," she told him, her voice flat and firm.

"Miss Bishop will stay here and give out the rest of the awards and 
forfeits," Victoria told him as she gestured to Mary to escort her 
little harem of suitably aroused children back up to the Grange. 

"It is time for us to use our little pleasure slaves," she told him, her 
body tingling with the new excitement at the thought of the long 
afternoon of pleasures to come.

"Oh yes!" he hissed, his eyes alight as he watched the little harem 
marched up to the Grange, and at his sister who never seized to amaze him 
with her energy and resourcefulness.



	
	

