VITAMIN SHOTS

BY BANDERSON

Part 4

At thirteen, Sally was the oldest girl in class and therefore,
the most experienced. She had mostly moved beyond the orgasm
denial phase and had begun regular lessons with her mother's
master, Tony. She had already learned to suck him off just the
way he liked it, having learned many lessons at the hands of her
mother, Liz. By now she was learning to love his cock in her
pussy or ass. Young girls were taken very slowly along so as to
not injure or frighten them.

Like most "first-gens," Liz had been sixteen when she had her
first child. Her family now consisted of four children, three
girls and a boy.

At age forty-six, Liz's master Tony was one of the older men in
camp. He'd had his eye on Liz since she had been a cute young
teen-ager and once she was deemed eligible, he claimed her for
his own. He believed that most of her children came from his
seed, although he couldn't prove it. No DNA testing was ever done
at the commune, for that could encourage jealousies.

But Tony couldn't keep his hands off the cute girl, and he fucked
her regularly. Nearly every day, before she left the house to run
errands or go shopping, Liz always had a nice load of his semen
in her pussy.

Sally thought nothing of seeing Tony and her mom couple noisily
in the living room or the bedroom or kitchen. She had seen her
mother being fucked since she was a baby. Sally could remember
being about six and asking for the first time what they were
doing. Liz had been bent over the upholstered arm of the couch,
Tony behind fucking her like mad and the cute little girl had
come up and asked, "Whatcha doin' Mommy?"

Liz had looked up, her eyes glazed and said, "In a minute,
honey." Then she dropped her head back down and proceeded to come
with a bellow.

Afterwards she had explained that boys and girls do that to have
fun and to make babies.

"Can I make a baby?" Sally had siblings, but she thought she'd
like to have one of her own.

Liz had laughed. "Oh, no, sweetie. You're too young. Why, I had
to wait until I was almost, uh, twenty!"

Ever since, Sally had wanted a baby of her own. Now, at thirteen,
she was at least beginning to experience the joys of sex. But she
was disappointed she never got pregnant, no matter how many times
Tony fucked her. She knew the rules, but she thought somehow if
she got pregnant, they'd make an exception for her.

Her training into the joys of sex had begun shortly after her
sixth shot, when she had been twelve-and-a-half. The rules
dictated that from that moment on, except for when she was at
school, she could only be stimulated to orgasm by the master of
the house. She had been forbidden to masturbate at all, which
left her frustrated and eager to please Tony, for he had the
solution to her itch.

This was a critical time for her submissive training and Tony
made sure she was an obedient girl before he'd give her the
release she needed. The first week after her sixth shot, she had
been kept from all orgasms, even at school. Tony had made it
worse by keeping her naked at home, her hands often fastened to
her waist by that damn belt. By that following weekend, Sally had
been jumpy and crazed with desire.

"Sally," he had said that fateful weekend. "Come here. I've got
some chores for you."

She had appeared at once, her eyes wide and her tongue licking at
her lips. He removed her belt and told her to hoe the garden, and
she immediately looked down at her naked body and asked if she
could put on clothes.

Tony had spanked her at once on her bare bottom. Just hard enough
and long enough so she knew not to argue with him. When he was
done, he whispered. "If you hoe the garden naked, when you come
back in, I'll play with your tits."

For some reason, that sounded pretty good to her, although what
she had really wanted was for Tony to rub her hot, wet pussy. She
went out and stifled her embarrassment and bent to her task,
ignoring the stares of her brothers and sisters. No one teased
her, for which she was grateful. Tony would've severely punished
any child who did and made them strip and join her. But he had
asked them to watch her to make sure she didn't stop and touch
herself. Her siblings were happy to oblige.

When she came back an hour later, all sweaty and hot, Tony
allowed her a drink of water before fulfilling his promise. He
rubbed her budding young breasts and tweaked her nipples until
Sally wanted him to do more, a lot more. She jutted her pussy up
at him in a silent pleading. He ignored her until he was
finished.

"What's this?" he finally said, pretending to be surprised but
not angry.

"Ohh, daddy, I'm so itchy. No one will let me come. Will you let
me?"

"No, you have to earn it now. You're almost thirteen, it's time
you earned your place in the household."

Sally had brightened at that. "You mean like mommy?"

"Yes, someday. But not today. You have to learn to be a good girl
first."

"Oh, I promise. I'll be good."

"Well, let's see. I want you to go change the sheets on all the
kids' beds."

Sally had looked stricken. It wasn't fair! But she bit her lip
and went to do her task. It took her more than an hour this time.
When she returned, she crawled right up into his lap and cuddled
against his chest.

"I'm all done, daddy."

"Good girl," he said and she purred.

He knew she was waiting expectantly and decided she had earned
her reward. His hand stole down between her legs and she opened
up at once to his touch. He prolonged her pleasure as long as he
could, but she had been so pent up, she came within a minute. Of
course, she was just getting warmed up and wanted another one
right away, but Tony pushed her away.

"Don't ask for too much, darling. You have to wait for your
master to decide."

She had nodded and Tony could see the first lesson had gone well.
She had performed two chores and received one orgasm. That became
the standard for the next few weeks.

Chores at first had been routine drudgery that every child had to
perform. But he began sprinkling in new, more fun chores. He
taught her to suck his cock one day as her chore, right after she
had done the dishes. As chores go, that was fun for the young
girl and she decided she'd much rather do that than any other
task. She hadn't done very well, but Tony had been patient,
explaining to her the technique and even making her practice on
her ten-year-old brother, Shane, which disgusted her at first.
After the third time, however, even that became routine.

After a week of regular practice, she made Tony come in her mouth
for the first time. She had thought something was wrong and began
coughing and spitting. For a moment, she imagined Tony might beat
her. But he had been very nice, explaining that tasting his
"milk" meant she had done the job right.

"You always want your cocks to spurt inside your mouth and you
want to swallow it all," he had told her.

She had beamed with pride at her success and tried to make Tony
come every time after that. Within a week, her success rate had
climbed dramatically.

One Friday afternoon, Tony had a friend over, another Master
named Bob. Sally had been naked, as usual, but displayed only a
little embarrassment. She had been walking around the house naked
for so long, it had become the norm.

Tony ordered her to do the washing and drying. She went off at
once, feeling a little thrill in knowing that for her second
chore, she might be allowed to suck a cock before he brought her
off.

When she returned, she was surprised to find Bob still there. He
was another original member, although a bit younger than Tony. He
was a little fatter too, she noticed.

"Sally, come here and suck Bob's cock." He had said it so
casually, she didn't comprehend at first. When it finally sunk
in, she just stood there with her mouth open.

Tony had immediately spanked her in front of Bob and even allowed
him to spank her as well. Then he put her in the waist belt and
locked her arms, and left her like that until Sunday afternoon.
She had to beg for help when she wanted to use the bathroom and
Tony always made sure to send in Shane to wipe her, adding to her
humiliation.

When he finally freed her, she wanted nothing more than to rub
her aching clit, but knew that would result in instant
punishment. "Go hoe the garden. And water it."

She trotted off, followed by her "spies" to make sure she didn't
touch herself. When she returned, exhausted and sweaty, more than
an hour later, she spotted Bob on the couch again. She knew she
was about to be tested once more. After two days without release,
she was ready. "Go get a drink, you look thirsty," Tony had said.

Sally ran off and drank a full glass. She thought he was being
kind, but Tony wanted to make sure she had enough spit to give
Bob good head. She returned and stood in front of him, panting
and twitching her legs.

"Give Bob a good blowjob, just like I taught you."

She dropped to her knees at once and unzipped the neighbor's
pants. His cock was large and it intimidated her. She gave it her
best effort, remembering all the techniques she had been taught,
and within ten minutes, Bob's cock exploded into her mouth. She
sucked his seed down eagerly and smiled up at him when she was
done.

"Excellent, my dear," Bob had said. "You're a great little
cock-sucker!"

"I'm so proud of you, honey!" echoed Tony. "Now crawl up into
Bob's lap and he'll give you your reward."

That sounded strange to her  and embarrassing  but Sally was so
desperate to come she didn't object. She climbed up on his lap
and spread her legs. Bob spent some time sucking on her small
nipples, driving her wild, before he finally reached between her
legs and began to rub that secret part of her. Like before when
she had been deprived, she came quickly, shuddering in his arms
and hugging his neck with considerable strength.

Although she wanted another one, she assumed Tony wouldn't allow
it and was pleased to hear him say, "You can do it again, Bob."

As his hand went between her legs once more, Tony leaned over to
Sally and said, "Let yourself be as noisy as you want, girl. I
love it when you're loud."

Sally did not disappoint. The orgasm took longer this time and
her voice rose up to the heavens before she screamed with her
climax. She was patted and hugged and told what a good girl she
had been and she was very happy.

After her seventh shot, Sally thought something had gone wrong at
the doctor's office, for her sex drive seemed far more powerful
than ever before. She was still not allowed to masturbate and any
transgression was dealt with swiftly.

Tony began confusing her as well, for instead of two chores
before she could find release, he might ask her to do several
things in a row and never tie it to a climax. But she always did
them eagerly, hoping that this time, he would reward her. Other
days, he'd simply call her over to suck his dick, Shane's dick,
Bob's dick or anyone else's dick who happened to be in the house
and never ask to do any chores first. Sometimes, after sucking a
dick or doing a chore, she would get her desperately needed
reward; other times, she would not, leaving her in tears with
frustration.

Sally found herself becoming more obedient in general, just like
her mother. It dawned on her that she was becoming a little
version of her mother, standing quietly and waiting for Tony's
command, just in hopes of getting a reward. But Tony was fucking
Liz  would he ever fuck her?

When Sally came home from school Thursday, she was in a terrible
mood. Her last orgasm had been Sunday and she hadn't even been
allowed release at school! It wasn't fair! She wanted to
understand that Master knew what was best for her, but this
didn't feel right.

When she came in, she was startled to see four men in their
living room. She recognized Brother Bob, sitting next to her
father, but only vaguely knew the two others. She paused in the
doorway, feeling itchy. At least she had her clothes on, she
thought.

"Hi, honey. Come here," Tony said and she went right to him and
stood, her eyes downcast, legs apart.

"Take off your clothes and let these men see your beautiful naked
body."

She blushed scarlet and obeyed. She could hear the men's murmured
comments as she dropped her skirt and shirt.

"Turn around to unbuckle your shoes," he said.

How embarrassing! She turned and bent over, knowing her butt and
her naked little pussy would be shown. She got her shoes
unbuckled and slipped them off, followed by her socks.

She turned and faced him again, waiting. For several long
minutes, he didn't say anything and she could feel the men's eyes
on her like spiders crawling on her skin. Her itch seemed to fade
away.

"Now honey, this is a very special day. I know you haven't been
touched since Sunday and you're probably really itchy, right?"

She nodded, although she wasn't sure it was still true.

"Good. I want you to give all these men here a blowjob, just like
I taught you. If you can make them all squirt, then I'll fuck you
just like mommy."

Sally's eyes went wide. "Really?"

"Yes, indeedy."

She ran to Bob and unzipped his pants, ignoring the chuckles of
the other men. She wanted to start with Bob because she knew his
cock already and needed to calm her nerves.

His hard member was inside her mouth in seconds and she sucked
and licked and teased him for all she was worth, using her small
hand near the base to stimulate him. She could tell he was
getting close so she rubbed his balls because he always liked it
and he shot into her mouth.

"Wow!" He said and the other men clapped. "She's very talented!"

Sally turned to the second man and realized he ran the woodshop
in the commune, but couldn't remember his name. David or Daniel,
she wasn't sure. It didn't matter as she was soon sucking his
cock for all she was worth, making noises as she devoured him. He
squirted quickly as well, making her beam with pride.

The third man proved to be more of a challenge. Sally didn't know
it, but he had fucked his sex slave just two hours ago. In fact,
her dried pussy juice remained on his cock. Her nose wrinkled
briefly when she took him inside, not sure what the taste was. It
didn't matter to her  she was close to getting a good fucking
just like mom!

She sucked and sucked and the man seemed unmoved. That wasn't
entirely true  he seemed to enjoy her attentions. But he would
not come. Her mouth was growing tired and she began to falter.

Tony got up and moved behind her and pulled her to her feet. She
heard him unzip and thought he might fuck her right here and her
heart leapt despite her embarrassment. The tip of his cock just
brushed her slit and she pressed back, forgetting her duties.

"Don't stop, Sally slut. You won't get your reward until Brian
comes in your mouth."

She resolved to work harder now, feeling encouragement from her
daddy's cock touching her most private spot. Sally no longer
cared about the men watching her or her humiliation. She wanted
to make this man's cock squirt and feel her daddy's go deep
inside her.

Brian noticed a dramatic difference in Sally's efforts. His cock
hardened in her cute mouth and he found himself reaching another
climax. He encouraged it, wanting this girl to succeed. With a
sudden bellow, he came, squirting a small amount of his seed that
she sucked down quickly.

When Brian nodded to Tony, her master slipped his cock into her
just enough to feel her virginal barrier. She braced herself
against Brian's legs. Tony pulled out and pressed back in again.
He didn't want to break through it yet -- he wanted Sally to be
responsible for taking her virginity.

"Sally," he said, as the cocktip teased her. "Do you want to put
my cock all the way in?"

"Yes, daddy! Yes!"

"Master," he corrected mildly. This wasn't the time for
punishment for he knew her mind was swirling with emotions.

"Master! I'm sorry, Master! Please!"

"Please, what? Sally slut?"

"Please fuck me!"

"You don't care that these men watch you?"

"No!" Truth was, she didn't. She wanted to experience that orgasm
that loomed just out of reach.

"Good slut," he said. "That's my good girl."

She beamed and wiggled her ass in delight.

"Sally slut, I'm going to make you take your own virginity. Then
you'll truly be a woman like Mommy."

"Yes, Master!"

"When I say, I want you to push back as hard as you can. You can
use Brian's legs, he won't mind. I want you to push back and
shout, 'Fuck me, Master!' Can you do that?"

"Oh, yes, Master!" She could hardly wait. There were fears about
how much it might hurt, but they were overwhelmed by the drugs in
her system, telling her how much she needed this.

"One Two Three  Go!"

"Fuck me, Master!" Sally shouted and pushed hard against Brian's
legs, feeling her ass slam against Tony's thighs. She screamed
from the sharp pain and then a new feeling came over her  a
feeling of joy and accomplishment.

Tony's hands gripped her ass now and he began stroking into her.
Sally heard the cheers of the men and felt something dribbling
down the inside of her leg. His cock hurt for just a few strokes
and then it began to feel wonderful. Her mouth came open and she
began to pant. "Let me hear you, slut!" Master said.

"Fuck me, Master! Fuck me, Master!" Her words came in a rush.
"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

With a sudden cry, Tony erupted inside her. She could feel his
seed spilling into her womb but she didn't come. She thought
she'd be pregnant now and have the first of many babies. Then the
lessons Sister Paige taught her came to mind and she knew babies
wouldn't happen for a while.

Tony's hands left her and she started to rise, only to feel his
hands on her back. "Stay, slut. Another man wants your pussy."

So she stayed as someone  she wasn't sure who  slipped inside
her. His cock felt big and she guessed it might be Bob's. She
raised her head and was surprised to see Bob still sitting on the
couch. The man behind her pounded at her pussy and suddenly, an
orgasm overtook her. She came and felt the man erupt as well.

Another set of hands grabbed her ass, another cock plunged into
her. Sally was getting sore now and she hoped he would be the
last. Brian had to help hold her shoulders so she wouldn't bang
into him as the man behind fucked her mercilessly. She could see
there were more men in the room now and she didn't know where
they had come from.

When the fourth man took his place behind her, his cock sliding
inside, she looked up and caught Tony's eyes and pleaded,
"Master, it hurts."

"Just one more slut."

Sally nodded and bent to her duty. She didn't come this time when
the man climaxed inside her. When he pulled out, Tony was there
to hold her hips up or she might've collapsed.

"I'm so proud of you, honey!" he said, giving her a hug and
helping her upright. Sally felt dizzy. She looked around and saw
there were now six men in the room, plus her Master. She
recognized Dan and Robert, Masters of her friends. She didn't
know the third man.

She looked down between her legs and wrinkled her nose at the
mess. Blood was mixed with the semen of four men. Tony observed
her looking.

"You may go take a shower now, sweetheart. Mom will help. I want
you to know I love you and I'm very happy you're a woman now."

Her mother appeared and gave her a big hug. "Isn't it wonderful?"
she asked. 

Sally nodded. That itch that she had felt for days and weeks was
entirely gone.

