Boxie Carter - The Pizza Delivery (I)
Sun Dec 2, 2007 
20:3070.23.40.4

 On a day that we had off from school, I decided to take a little walk to the 
 local pizza parlor. I made sure that I was wearing a very pretty dress, which 
 I had recently bought. It was light blue and had pink and orange floral 
 prints. Low cut, there was a tie string just in the middle in front of my 
 chest, and was otherwise held up by a pair of thin shoulder straps. I'd say it 
 came down to just about my knee, but the breezy fabric flowed and bounced 
 playfully, showing off a lot of leg as I walked. 

 When I reached the shop, it occurred to me that it might be fun to untie the 
 string and "accidentally" let the straps fall off my shoulders, dropping the 
 dress in front of everyone. That would be so awesome, because I wasn't even 
 wearing a bra! But I had other plans today, so as soon as I walked through the 
 door, I slid behind one of the table booths before anyone at the counter could 
 see me. 

 Slowly, I turned my head, peeking just over the booth in front of me. It was 
 unoccupied, although I could see there were a few people sitting further 
 ahead, and a couple more standing by the refrigerator where they kept the 
 bottled drinks. I heard the door open behind me, and glanced over my shoulder 
 to see a lady with her kids enter and head toward the pick-up counter. 

 That was when I saw him, this guy that I was trying to get to notice me. He 
 was like eighteen or something, and this would be his last year at my school. 
 I recently heard that he worked part time at this pasta joint, but I needed to 
 confirm. And there he was, in his cute little apron, taking the pie out of the 
 oven, placing it in the cardboard box for the customer.

 I ducked back down in my booth before he would see me sitting here. For some 
 reason, my tummy fluttered, and I giggled at the thought of me spying on him. 
 A while longer I waited, until I heard the phone ring in the back, people 
 calling in their orders. Taking a look over the seat again, I saw the manager, 
 a bald guy with a mustache, come out with a piece of paper.

 "Sal, I need you to run a delivery for me," I watched him talk to the young 
 man whose back was turned away from me.

 Perfect! This is what I wanted to find out. That this place did do deliveries, 
 and Sal would be the one making the run. 

 Now it was time to put the next part of my plan into action. Turning around 
 quickly, my long black hair swished over my shoulder. I slid my legs across 
 the vinyl upholstery and hurried for the door. I don't think anyone was aware 
 of my secret surveillance. Reminding myself to remain calm, I had to keep from 
 running, and instead walked through the parking lot of the strip mall, and 
 onto the sidewalk. This part of the neighborhood was actually closer to my 
 friend Patricia's house. I would be there in less than ten minutes.

 When my friend greeted me at the door I exclaimed, "Patty, I am so excited!"

 "You really should let me know when you want to come over," she frowned at me. 
 "I was hoping to catch up on some reading"

 "Is anyone else home?" I asked, trying to look past her into the house.

 "No," Patricia answered. "It's the middle of the day. My parents are at work."

 Abruptly, I pushed my way forward practically forcing the girl to step aside. 
 "That's perfect!"

 I found their little dining room area, just off the main entrance. There was a 
 round wooden table covered with a white cloth, and I threw my purse on one of 
 the chairs. Then I looked around, taking measure of the room and going over my 
 plans in my head. 

 "What are you doing here anyway, Boxie?" Patty seemed still flustered by my 
 surprise visit.

 "Help me move this table, will you?" I asked, grabbing one edge with both my 
 hands.

 Even as she did as I asked, she said, "You're up to something"

 "We just need to get it out of the room, so it can be seen from the front 
 door," I explained.

 It didn't take very long, as it was only a few feet out into the entry foyer. 
 I gauged the distance from the table to the door and was satisfied. Then I 
 scoped around for the telephone.

 "Do you mind if I make a quick call?" I smiled at my friend.

 Patty only shook her head, but pointed me toward the kitchen. "Sure, go ahead. 
 Is anything wrong?"

 "Nope," I giggled, "I just need to order a pizza!"

 "But I'm not hungry!" Patty protested. 

 After I finished placing the order, I walked back out of the kitchen and said, 
 "Neither am I."

 Then I told Patty that there was this great guy who worked at the Pizza 
 Parlor, and I wanted him to deliver the pie so I could get a chance to meet 
 him.

 "All this trouble just to talk to someone you like?" she asked, still not 
 comprehending.

 Of course, there was more to it than that. I wanted to get Sal to notice me. I 
 wanted to try something crazy, so he would never forget me. Back on the chair, 
 I found my purse and took out a box of playing cards. I shuffled them into my 
 hand, and began dealing them out on the table.

 "What exactly is going on?" Patty was soon behind me, looking over my 
 shoulder.

 I could hear in the tremble in her voice that she was starting to get excited 
 as much as she was unsure. I was excited, too. Once again, I checked that from 
 the open doorway, you could see the table and now the cards spread across the 
 surface.

 Stepping into the middle of the room, I held out the sides of my dress in both 
 my hands. "Do you like it, Patty?"

 My friend regarded me for a second and then said, "Actually, yes, Boxie. 
 That's a very pretty dress. It looks good on you"

 Barely containing my nervous giggle, my fingers reached up and untied the 
 drawstring at my chest. A quick flip of the delicate straps at my shoulders, I 
 was then able to let go, and the dress floated to my feet. Now I was standing 
 topless in front of my friend. I brought my hands close to cover my boobies.

 "Oh," I gasped. "Too bad I lost it"

 I stepped to the side, watching Patty stare at me with her mouth hanging open, 
 then shyly bent down so I could pick up the material. With one arm still held 
 over my breasts, I reached my arm out and offered the dress to my friend. When 
 she just stood there, I took another step forward. 

 "Patty, be a sweetie and put my dress in the middle of the table," I stuck out 
 my bottom lip in a pout.

 Finally, the girl took the article of clothing from my outstretched hand. She 
 seemed to be momentarily mesmerized by me standing there in just my pink 
 panties. Patty carefully folded the dress, and brought it to the table as I 
 asked. She placed it right between where I had laid out two hands of cards. 

 While she was turned around, I took the opportunity to quickly peel my panties 
 down my legs. Once I had them completely off my feet, I rolled the pink silk 
 into a ball. At that moment, Patricia turned again to face me.

 "Ohmygosh, Boxie!" 

 With one hand over my pussy, I lunged my other arm and tossed the panties at 
 my friend. She caught them easily and I laughed. Of course, my spurt of 
 laughter only caused my butt to jiggle and boobies to shake. 

 "You can put my underwear on top of the dress," I instructed. 

 Patty looked like she was about to object, but she couldn't find the words. It 
 was cute the way she tried to avert her eyes from my nudity, as I stood with 
 one arm over my tits, and the other hand cupped in front of my crotch. I guess 
 she figured she should just let me go through with this, because she leaned 
 over and placed my panties on the table. They were nice and pink, and went 
 well with the print of my dress. 

 After thinking for a second, I said, "Only two items that's not going to be 
 enough." 

 At this point, Patty glanced at her watch and said, "What if someone comes 
 home? And that pizza delivery will be here in a few minutes!"

 "I hope not!" I squealed, blushing a little. "I'm not ready yet."

 In fact, I realized I didn't have all that much time, so I would have to put 
 modesty aside. I stepped briskly across the room, wearing only a pair of 
 shoes. Finding one of the chairs near the table, I quickly sat down with Patty 
 standing right next to me. I was conscious of the velvety cushion, which felt 
 nice underneath my bare bottom. My boobs hung down with nipples already 
 starting to grow erect as I lowered my arms to unclasp the straps at my 
 ankles. Taking off both my shoes, I picked them up and dropped them on the 
 table with the rest of my clothes.

 Fully nude, I hopped off the chair and walked back into the middle of my 
 friend's house, so that I could once more judge how everything looked. Lost in 
 concentration, I stood with feet planted apart and hands on my hips. 

 "Boxie, like, you just stripped stark naked!" Patty cried in disbelief.

 I had to bring my hands up to squeeze my breasts and pinch my nipples just a 
 little "I know!"

 "And you're all puckered out," Patty added, pointing accusingly at my pussy.

 Looking down, I saw that my lower lips were indeed visible and parted. "I 
 can't help it! My pubic hair doesn't grow in until further up" 

 My friend just shook her head. "So just what is it that you have got planned?"

 "Um, well, I was thinking we could pretend that you and I were playing strip 
 poker and I lost all my clothes. And as a forfeit, you said that I had to 
 answer the door when the pizza guy gets here!" 

 

Boxie Carter - The Pizza Delivery (II)Sun Dec 2, 2007 
 20:3470.23.40.4

 Patty then seemed to think about that proposal for a minute. I clutched my 
 fingers beneath my chin anxiously, hoping that she would play along. She 
 walked around the table, and pulled herself a seat. Sitting down, she thumbed 
 through some of the cards.

 "This is so ridiculous," she said.

 "Well" I started, and walked back over to sit in the chair across from her. 
 "If you want to make it look more realistic, perhaps you could take off a few 
 items, as if we had a real game going."

 "No way!" Patty stated firmly, folding her arms over her chest.

 I crossed my naked legs and blushed. "Oh my, then it appears you really beat 
 me, round after round, taking my shoes, my dress, and finally my panties, 
 until I was left totally nude how embarrassing!" 

 "It's also very risky," my friend added. "What if it isn't that guy Sal 
 delivering the pizza?"

 "Oh, it will be," I insisted. "Earlier today, I made sure that he was the one 
 making the delivery runs."

 At that moment, the doorbell rang.

 Patty and I looked at each other, both our eyes wide. We froze, neither one of 
 us making a move. My heart was absolutely racing. It was amazing how natural 
 it had been, just sitting here talking to my friend without wearing any 
 clothes. But now, the thought of somebody else seeing my naked body this was 
 incredible! And then the doorbell rang again. 

 I pushed the chair back, and jumped up on my toes. With both hands clutching 
 my breasts, I scampered across the hardwood floor right up to the front door. 
 Oh God, I hope it was him! At the last second, I dropped my left arm so that 
 my hand could strategically cover my pussy. Using the other hand, I turned the 
 knob and pulled the door open just enough so I could stick out my face. 

 It was Sal! I saw him standing there on the concrete stoop, the pizza box 
 cradled in one arm. He looked like he was about to ring the doorbell for the 
 third time. I was kind of hunched over just a little, peeking my head outside. 
 He couldn't yet see my body.

 "Um, hi" I said shyly. 

 "Hey," the tall young man answered. "I got a delivery for this address."

 My eyes darted past him, and I saw his van parked in the driveway. Behind the 
 door, I nervously rubbed my toes up and down the back of my other leg's calf. 

 "Um, yeah. about that," I started.

 Sal shifted impatiently on his other foot, holding the box in both hands. "Oh 
 no, this isn't some kind of prank call, is it? My boss will kill me if I have 
 to return another pie!"

 "No, no" I shook my head as best I could. "It's not like that. It's just"

 I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Maybe I should have said something 
 first, but I wanted to surprise him. In one motion, I took a small step back 
 and pulled the front door wide open. Quickly, I snatched my other arm to my 
 chest to cover my boobies, although Sal might have gotten a flash of my 
 nipples. 

 Then I just stood there for a moment, allowing him to look me over from head 
 to toe. I mean, I had my pink bits covered of course, but he could see that I 
 was totally naked! Our eyes met, and I blushed, causing me to spin around. 
 Presenting my round naked ass to him, I lifted both my hands to my chest and 
 looked shyly over my shoulder. 

 After a moment of stunned silence, the young man asked, "Did I come at a bad 
 time?"

 "No!" I squeaked, keeping my legs firmly pressed together. "I mean yes, well, 
 you see, my friend and I"

 "Your friend?" Sal asked suspiciously.

 Cradling my bare breasts in my arms, I kind of ducked down a little, bending 
 slightly at the knees. He could easily look over my head into the house. I 
 turned my own head to see Patty sitting at the table. She gave us a little 
 wave. 

 So I bravely cupped a hand over my pussy and turned around once more to face 
 the pizza delivery guy. "Yeah, so we were playing a friendly game of strip 
 poker and I lost everything."

 "I can see that," Sal chuckled, his eyes roaming up and down my body. 

 "And, and" I continued, "Because I lost, she made me call in the pizza and 
 answer the door like this!" 

 He shook his head, a slight smile on his face and said, "Well this was 
 certainly unexpected. Is she going to pay for the pie?"

 "Now wait a minute!" Patty cried, suddenly rising up from her seat at the 
 table.

 My friend crossed over the floor of the hallway and came to stand between Sal 
 and me. She brushed right past me and nearly pushed the guy out the front 
 door. I was a bit taken aback by her forceful approach.

 "This was all Boxie's idea," Patty insisted. "And there's no way I'm paying 
 for that pizza!"

 "Oh, but wait" I gasped. 

 I tried to maneuver myself around, which was not easy to do considering that I 
 was stark naked in front of two fully clothed people. Including a guy, who I 
 thought was really cute. I tried to step to the side, keeping my back and bare 
 bottom to the wall. At that moment, Sal took a step forward, as if determined 
 to bring his delivery inside the house. In that instant, I slipped behind the 
 young man, whose attention was focused on my uncooperative friend. But Patty 
 wouldn't budge, and so Sal backed off.

 That caused me to retreat a couple of steps, my toes finding the concrete of 
 Patty's front stoop. 

 I looked to my side, then behind me and saw that I was standing outside her 
 house, completely nude! 

 "Oh no!" I yelped.

 Scampering forward, I pressed myself against Sal's back, clutching his shirt 
 in my fists. This must have taken him by surprise, because I could feel him 
 stiffen. Mmmm I thought as I stood on my toes and brought my hands up to 
 squeeze his broad shoulders. 

 From behind, I tried to peek my face next to his and said, "Patty you've got 
 to let us back in!"

 "I don't think so," my friend answered with finality. "This game of yours has 
 gone far enough." 

 With that, she proceeded to swing the door shut. Rather than stick his foot in 
 the way, or try to block the door, Sal simply backed down the steps. And this 
 caused me to backpedal even further. Now I was bare-assed naked in Patty's 
 front yard! All I could do was bounce helplessly on my toes as I listened to 
 the latch being locked into place. 

 Sal turned around, and I could see he was none too pleased.

 "Well, I guess I should have asked what toppings she likes," I laughed 
 nervously. 

 Then I lowered my eyes, looking down at my unclothed body. I suddenly 
 remembered to cup my hands to my breasts, and dropped an arm so I could hide 
 my pussy. Shyly, I stepped to the side as Sal started to make his way to the 
 truck. 

 

Boxie Carter - Pizza Delivery (III)
Sun Dec 2, 2007 
 20:3770.23.40.4

 "Don't I know you," he finally asked as I shuffled along next to him, hoping 
 none of Patty's neighbors were around. 

 "Yeah, we go to the same high school" I offered.

 Sal paused to regard me, and shook his head. "No, I mean from a few years ago. 
 But I don't remember the name Boxie."

 "Well that's my nickname it used to be Becky," I explained. "Rebecca is my 
 full name."

 His face suddenly lit up with recognition, and he said, "Becky Carter? You 
 used to play with my cousin when she was in middle school. We sometimes all 
 went to the park together."

 Ohmygosh, he remembered me! I had always had a secret crush on him, and 
 figured it would take something crazy to get him to notice me. To think, he 
 knew me all along. I averted my eyes, bashfully rubbing my toes again behind 
 my other leg. 

 "You never paid much attention to us," I said softly.

 Sal took a step toward his delivery truck, then turned to face me again. 
 "Look, Becky, or Boxie whatever your name is! You can't go running around 
 without any clothes on."

 I lifted up my chin a little, gazing into his brown eyes. "I can't?"

 "You're not a little girl anymore," Sal replied. "You are a beautiful young 
 woman, and it's not appropriate."

 I felt my heart pounding in my chest, as I blushed all over. Here I was, 
 standing totally naked in front of him, and he called me beautiful! It was 
 such a wonderful feeling, and the compliment made my tummy all warm and fuzzy.

 Then Sal added, "Now go inside and get dressed, Boxie." 

 "Oh, I don't think I can," I said glancing back at the house. "Patty seemed 
 pretty upset, I'm sure she isn't going to let me back in"

 The truth was, I didn't want to put my clothes back on. In addition to the 
 warm and fuzzy feeling I had, there was another sensation tickling down below, 
 sending a shiver through my body. My erect nipples rubbed against the forearm 
 trying to hide them from sight. I took a daring step forward.

 "Well, then" Sal scratched his head and looked around.

 I could see that he was clearly baffled, and I would have to take the 
 initiative. He still had his other hand full with the pizza box. One more step 
 and my toes were on his shoes, my body leaning close to his. I kept my grey 
 eyes locked on his soft brown stare and licked my lips in concentration, as I 
 expertly reached a hand into his pocket. Fishing around for a moment, my 
 fingers found his key chain. I pulled these out, and then ran fully naked 
 around to the other side of his truck! 

 "Hey, what are you doing!" he called out.

 But I didn't waste any time. I opened up the side door and climbed into the 
 passenger seat. Then I watched Sal stalk off around the other side of the van. 
 I could hear a back door open, and figured that was where he was placing the 
 undelivered pizza. Next thing I knew, the young man appeared on the passenger 
 side, holding the door open and checking out my nude profile. I kept my legs 
 crossed and one arm held across my breasts, although I was nervously bobbing 
 my foot up and down. 

 "Come on, Boxie, get out of there," he pleaded. "Come out here and give me the 
 keys."

 I had a better idea. "Why don't you take me back to the pizza parlor. Won't we 
 make a sight to behold!"

 Frustrated Sal ran his fingers through his hair. "You sure would be"

 With that, he shut the door, perhaps worried that someone might see him 
 talking to a naked young girl in his delivery truck. The more I thought about 
 his behavior, the more I realized he was probably just as anxious to get out 
 of here. I could use that to my advantage. In fact, he jogged around the front 
 of the van and pulled open the driver's side door, which was of course 
 unlocked. 

 "So where are we going?" I asked when he had climbed into the seat, behind the 
 wheel.

 Sal shook his head. "I'll be in enough trouble as it is. I'm not going to let 
 you sneak around and hide at the place where I work. I'm taking you home."

 Well, I suppose that would be good enough. With a nod of my head, I reached my 
 arm over and dropped the keys in his lap. Except, it was the arm that I had 
 been shielding my boobies with. I let out a small gasp and blushed, but sat 
 there with my tits exposed and very erect nipples sticking out.

 After I told him that it would not be hard to get to my house, that I lived 
 just a few blocks away, he said, "Put on your seatbelt." 

 I looked around to either side of me, searching for the chrome buckle on the 
 strap. Then I saw it hanging down on the side, between the door and the seat. 
 Bringing my knees to the cushion, I turned halfway around and leaned over, 
 basically sticking my ass in his face if he looked to the side. Realizing that 
 he would also be able to see my pussy from behind, I quickly grabbed the 
 buckle and sat back down. Still, I struggled to yank the strap far enough to 
 fasten it at my hip, plus the strap was not comfortable across my bare body. I 
 squirmed quite a bit and made a fuss, showing off more naked pink in the 
 process. 

 "Oh just leave it," Sal said in exasperation. 

 Sitting forward again, I let the seatbelt recoil back. My bare feet were 
 planted on the floor mat, as I placed my hands on my thighs. I just stared 
 ahead, listening to him start the ignition, and then we pulled out of Patty's 
 driveway. 

 Instinctively, I slouched down a little, so my topless state wasn't so much in 
 view of oncoming traffic. But this caused me to spread my legs further apart. 
 I had to reach up and grab my breasts, to keep them from bouncing around. Only 
 when I looked down at my body, did I notice my pink pussy lips protruding 
 nicely parted. I didn't cover up, though, because I was suddenly feeling very 
 horny and was afraid to touch myself.

 However, I did look over at Sal with longing, watching his hand steady on the 
 gearshift. I almost wanted to take his fingers and place them on my tender 
 crotch. But that didn't seem right. So I continued to sit there, secretly 
 massaging my nipples with my palms, while ever so slowly separating my legs 
 invitingly. But Sal was very well behaved, and kept eyes on the road, the 
 whole time. I think. 

 Actually, it occurred to me that he was going out of the way to take side 
 streets and detour whenever there were cars up ahead. What should have been a 
 five minute trip, seemed to make much longer. And it was agony for me, 
 completely naked, and growing more and more aroused by the minute. I didn't 
 know how much longer I could hold out, before I would start moaning or doing 
 something more explicit. Now I was growing embarrassed as I involuntarily 
 bucked my hips and let out a small whimper. 

 "This is it!" Sal announced. 

 I opened my eyes and looked out the window, to find that we had pulled up in 
 front of my house. Hurriedly, I reached for the handle and kicked the van's 
 door open. But as I began climbing out of the seat, I paused to look over my 
 bare shoulder.

 "Thank you for the ride home, Salvatore."

 The young man smiled and said, "Let's just not make a habit out of this 
 running around in your birthday suit!" 

 I giggled, then hopped all the way out of the truck. My naked round bottom 
 bounced playfully as I skipped up to the house. Thankfully it was the middle 
 of the day, and no one was home. Beneath a fake decorative rock on the porch 
 was a spare key, which allowed me to open the door and quickly get inside. The 
 delivery truck did not drive off until I was safely within. And that meant Sal 
 was watching me the whole time! 

 Needless to say, I scurried off to my bedroom and had a massive orgasm. I 
 mean it was enormous. The whole crazy scheme had been such a wonderful 
 turn-on. And knowing that young men like Sal enjoyed looking at me, made me 
 feel really good.

 The next thing I did was call up Patty on the telephone, and thanked her for 
 locking me out of her house.

 THE END 








 