Debbi's Shameful Exposures
Escalating Misadventures
by enthusiast

At the age of 26, Debbi seemed to have it made. She had risen to be Team Leader in her I.T. company and seemed destined for great things. She had worked hard but it was also true to say that her progress had certainly not been hampered by her good looks. A very pretty petite brunette, she was happy with her small but well proportioned breasts and while she had a slight complex about her bum, there was not really anything wrong with it.
She dressed for work in a conservative, businesslike fashion but when it suited her she adopted a teasing, flirtatious demeanour with the men in the office. That, coupled with her good looks and rapid rise up the career ladder, did not endear her to the other females in the company. Although she could not be described as a bitch and was not fully aware of the impression she was creating, the men also began to tire of what they now perceived as all tease and no reward.
Everyone in the office was eager to see what was beneath that business suit. Were circumstances about to conspire to see Debbi in various scenarios which would leave her stripped, embarrassed, shamed and humiliated ?
 

Team Building Exercise

It had been a long week and Debbi was more than ready to head home and unwind as she packed her things into her bag at the end of this Friday afternoon. She was about to leave when her secretary Carol, who was in her mid thirties, burst into the office. "All ready for the team building exercise ?" she asked. "Oh god, I'd forgotten all about that" groaned Debbi. She had delegated organising that to one of her coding team Simon when her boss Jeff had insisted a social event was needed to boost morale.
Simon had booked jet skiing or some such nonsense on a local lake. He'd even sent round details about hiring wet suits for the occasion which Debbi had ignored. "I think I'm going to bail out of that" she told Carol. "It's really not my thing and I'm tired." "Do you think that's a good idea when Jeff was so big on the idea ? I even think he's going to be there himself " Carol replied.
Debbi hesitated. Carol had a point. It might be a definite black mark if she absented herself. "OK, OK, I'll follow you on down there." She could just go for a few minutes to show face and then sneak off. After all, she could not take any active part after having made no arrangement whatsoever to hire a wet suit could she ?


Fashion Show !

Debbi's boss Jeff was very much into developing links with the local community. One of his pet projects was sponsoring activities at the nearby Sixth Form College. There were a group of women in Debbi's team who were particularly jealous of her success and who would love to see her brought down a peg or two. Chief among these was Carol, whose daughter Charlotte happened to be studying fashion and design at the college Jeff was so keen on sponsoring.
When Carol heard that Debbi had been tasked by Jeff with ensuring that the upcoming fashion show at the college be a big success, a plan began to be hatched. Maybe a last minute mystery stomach bug might sweep through the students, leaving a critical shortage of models and the urgent requirement for an attractive stand in ? Charlotte could be relied upon to make sure that the fashions she and her friends came up with for display would be suitably cutting edge and revealing !


Debbi In Japan !
Debbi's mind was already running ahead of herself and she was only half listening to what her boss Jeff was saying. This was going to be her greatest success yet ! The company had just signed a lucrative and prestigious co-production deal with a leading Japanese software development firm and Debbi had been selected to be seconded to the Japanese team in Tokyo to lead the initial integration process. As well as the boost to her career once she returned home in triumph, she had six weeks of exotic travel, different cultural insights and luxury hotel accommodation to look forward to.
"You sure you're OK with signing this ?" asked Jeff as he handed her a printed sheet of paper. Debbi blushed slightly, she had no idea what it was. "Um, sorry Jeff, I was miles away. Already thinking ahead !" Jeff explained. "This contract, stipulating that while you're there you are bound by their terms and conditions and disciplinary procedures."
"Oh sure, that's a given" said Debbi, cheerfully picking up her pen to sign. "Only some of their practices are a little, er, weird ?" continued Jeff awkwardly. "Whatever" laughed Debbi, signing. "It's not as if I'm going to fall foul of any disciplinary procedures is it!"


Company Physical

It had been one of the key HR initiatives driven by Debbi's boss Jeff over the last few months. A new comprehensive private health scheme for all staff, negotiated at a most favourable rate. Debbi's team had been delegated to handle all of the necessary admin and it had been a pre-requisite of the insurance company that all employees undergo a fully documented physical prior to the adoption of the scheme. Today was the deadline for these physicals to have taken place and Debbi's assistant Carol noticed that there was one conspicuous absentee among all the completed forms she was collating. Debbi herself !
Carol strode nonchalantly into Debbi's office. "I don't seem to have your paperwork for the health insurance physical ? Today's the last day remember and they all have to be in." Debbi looked shocked. She had completely forgotten and apart from it being a great scheme and well worth having, she knew the importance that Jeff had attached to it. "Shit, I forgot. Shit, shit, shit ! And my car's in for repair today. And my doctor needs three days notice for non-urgent appointments." She was flustered. "Carol, what can I do ?"
Carol's mind was working overtime. "We only need any qualified doctor to do the physical and tick the boxes. I have a friend who works at the Southbank Clinic. I'll phone and see if I can get you an after hours appointment." "Oh Carol could you ? You'r e star ! But my car ? I won't be able to get over to Southbank." "No problem" said Carol. "I'll give you a lift there and then back home." "I would be sooooo grateful, thanks a lot Carol" answered Debbi.
Carol grinned to herself as she returned to her desk to make arrangements with her friend Laura who was in fact just a receptionist at the clinic and not a doctor. "Yeah, the full works. Really put her through the mill ! And maybe persuade her this company needs some confidential photos for its records ?" Both women laughed.


At The Trade Fair

Debbi's company were branching out into the lucrative gaming market with their software apps. They had taken a stand at a major gaming trade fair and it was deemed to be a vital step on the way to gaining a foothold with potential partners and customers. Debbi's boss Jeff had tasked her and her team with staffing and running the stand, though he would be present himself from time to time when he could get down there. Debbi would be in charge of the stand and engage with any movers and shakers who were attracted to it. Carol, her 35 year old assistant, was to be the odd job girl. Simon and Stew, two 20 year old coders, would be on hand to contribute any geek speak that might be necessary. Debbi had attended several trade fairs and knew that a pretty promotions girl always helped things along, so she had contacted an agency and hired an experienced girl. She told them it would be a tasteful business affair and so a short skirt and crisp blouse would suffice.
Unfortunately for Debbi, her experience of mainstream industry trade fairs had not been good preparation for encountering a bunch of gamers. On arrival, Debbi was astounded by the explosions of garish colour, flashing lights, beeps and buzzes, face painting demonstrations and deafening product displays. Their business like stand in comparison looked like it might have been put together by the Salvation Army ! The agency girl Nicky was a very pretty blonde with good legs but as far as being an attraction for passing trade was concerned , she was competing against any number of Wonder Women, Warrior Princesses, Star Trek honeys and so forth. Up against which, her relatively modest mini skirt did not cut it. You could sense the tumbleweed blowing through the stand as the five of them stood idly twiddling their thumbs. "We've been out bimbo'd" said Carol. "Looks like it" agreed Debbi sadly.
When Jeff arrived, he was furious. Debbi took the brunt of his displeasure. "This is a fiasco. We have zero sales leads. Do you know how much this spot is costing the company ? I blame you Debbi. We'd better have more footfall in here tomorrow or I'm holding you personally responsible." Carol, Simon and Stew smirked. Debbi was at a loss what to do. This was outside her usual business experience and indeed her work experience in general, which so far in her career had all been plain sailing. She did not know how to deal with this potentially very serious setback. She asked everyone to get there early the next morning so they could try to brainstorm a solution.
Everyone was there the next day an hour before opening. Everyone except Nicky the promotions girl. Debbi's big plan was going to have been to get her into a more enticing costume but the apologetic message from the agency stated that Nicky had found the prospect of an audition for a prestigious pop music video too enticing to turn down. Jeff had arrived and was even angrier at the lack of progress and how, if anything, the the situation had got even worse with Nicky's defection. "You'd better come up with something fast" he told Debbi ominously. " I want this stand packed with punters by the time I come back later this morning or else." Debbi was in a panic but meanwhile, Carol had strolled along the avenue of stands to where the guy had been doing the face painting demonstrations yesterday. "I don't suppose you also do nude full body painting do you ?" she enquired.


A (seemingly) normal day in the office

Carol had been planning this, and with Jeff's help leading Simon and Stew, Debbi was going to be in for a heck of a day! Plus, if it turns out better than she expects, it could last longer. However, she had to plant a few last minute seeds. For weeks, she had been saying some backhanded compliments to Debbi about her work attire. She always dressed so plain, and Carol thought she was hiding a wild side from the office. It had started small. Shorter skirts, which now ended above her knees instead of covering them. Blouses with short sleeves for warm days or 3/4 sleeves on cold days. Her focus the past week was to convince Debbi to wear more sexy lingerie, with the reasoning that she would have a boost of confidence if she knew she was dressed so provocatively under her clothes, as a secret to herself.
Now, carol had no idea what Debbi was wearing, but they did seem less like the full cut undies she normally wore, no visible panty lines or bra cup outlines were detected recently, however, she needed to make sure she wore something special today. She had made sure a package containing a sheer black set of lingerie was delivered to Debbi's door. She included a note from a "secret admirer" saying they liked her new wardrobe and hoped she would wear this to work today. Debbi blushed at the gift, hoping it was Jeff, as he wasn't bad looking, and liked to be a bit forward with her.
So, it was today that Debbi wore a sheer black thong and bra set under her new work clothes. As it was warm, she went with a red short sleeved blouse and black skirt. Little did she know the morning she would be in for. Carol made a couple phone calls and texts to make sure everything was going to plan, and gave everyone the go ahead to begin. Debbi's morning was about to get interesting...



Chapter 2 by  enthusiast
What's next?
The Charity Auction !
It was late on Thursday afternoon when her boss Jeff came into Debbi's office. "Are you going to be free tomorrow evening and on Saturday Deb ?" he asked. "Yeah, no plans. It's all a bit quiet this weekend" she answered. "Excellent, you can do a couple of things for me then." "Uh Huh ?" she asked enquiringly. It had sounded more like an order than a request. "You know I belong to the Noble Society of the Most Esteemed Elks ?" he announced proudly. Debbi struggled to keep a straight face. She did not know that, but it did not surprise her. It was the kind of pompous nonsense that Jeff would involve himself with. His wife Audrey was a Conservative local councillor and they were forever trying to ingratiate themselves with the local elite.
"It's a social gathering of all the most influential members of society in the area but our proudest achievement is all the great work we do for charity." "Go on" said Debbi, trying at the same time to carry on with her work. "Our chosen charity this year is the most famous specialist children's hospital in London. You know about all the splendid work they do ?" "It's famous" agreed Debbi. "It's a great cause." "I'm glad you approve" continued Jeff. "Tomorrow's the annual charity auction in the local lodge and we can guarantee to raise tens of thousands of pounds" "Wonderful" remarked Debbi, a little bored. "There's a traditional star auction lot that always brings in the most money and this year they've nominated me to provide it" said Jeff. "That's great for you" replied Debbi, still wondering why he was bothering to tell her all this. "What is it ?"
Jeff explained. "We have an attractive young business executive who works for one of the guild members and we auction her services for the following day to the highest bidder !" Debbi was suddenly shocked into full attention. "Not any kind of sexual services of course" Jeff added hurriedly. "Just a little light hearted fun." "It all sounds a bit demeaning and sexist in this day and age Jeff" objected Debbi. "Oh I know we live in politically correct times but it is always the biggest money spinner and it is for such a deserving cause." "And that's what you want me for tomorrow evening and Saturday ?" asked Debbi. "It is indeed and it would not go unnoticed either when the annual reviews come around shortly." The potent mixture of helping such a good cause and an implied threat of unfortunate consequences to her immediate career prospects if she refused, forced Debbi to set aside her misgivings and she agreed to take part as requested.
A few minutes later, Jeff was on the phone to his lodge elder. "So you have a choice candidate Jeff ? " he asked. "I do, quite a stunner in her own little way." "Admirable. Let's hope for her sake that the Khans don't don't win the bidding again. Remember Gordon's poor girl from last year ?" They both laughed heartily at the memory.


Debbi The Artist's Model !

"Don't forget we have to go to that reception at the arts centre" Carol reminded Debbi as the working week drew to a close and they tidied up their desks. "Huh ?" queried Debbi, who had been looking forward to chilling out with a box set and a takeaway. "You haven't forgotten have you ? Audrey's painting exhibition ?" Carol clarified. Debbi groaned. She had forgotten about Jeff's wife and her artistic pretensions. "Can't we say we forgot ?" she moaned. "You can say what you like" Carol retorted. "But then you'll have to explain to Jeff on Monday, you know he'll be keeping tabs !" Debbi groaned again. "OK, but I'm not staying long."
Debbi did not get along with Jeff's wife. The older woman was a dreadful snob who looked down in Debbi's humbler origins, while at the same time being jealous of the pretty young woman and the attention that Jeff gave to his protege. Carol on the other hand was in the same age bracket as Audrey, ten years older than Debbi. And the pair knew each other from way back, even if Audrey could still be condescending towards her also.
Debbi nursed her glass of complimentary wine and glanced disinterestedly at the landscapes and still lifes hanging on the gallery wall. She had no artistic talent herself and so had a low level admiration for anyone who could conjure up a realistic representation of a scene. She allowed Audrey this. But she knew enough about painting to know that there was nothing original or innovative in her work, it was strictly that of a talented amateur.
Having made sure that Jeff had clocked her presence, Debbi was now looking for the chance to slip away. She had halted by a portrait of Jeff, which she had to admit was a good likeness, and alongside a painting of a woman she did not know and her dog. "So good of you to come" gushed Audrey, who had suddenly appeared at her elbow. "Studying our great leader I see" she continued, pointing at the portrait of Jeff. "Er, yes, it's a very good likeness" said Debbi.
Carol had come over to joint them. "Yes, well, it's all part of my artistic progression" Audrey declared pompously. "I want to expand my oeuvre. I feel I've said all I want to say in the field of landscape and now want to investigate the human condition" she elucidated. "Really ?" said Debbi distractedly. "Yes. What I really want to do now is to explore the classical human form but it's so hard to find a model" Audrey asserted. "Oh, you've always said you'd like to be a model Deb" Carol butted in. "Have I ?" Debbi couldn't ever recall having said any such thing or ever having had any such thought ! "Yes, you remember. At that Pilates class ?" Carol insisted. "Er, um" Debbi still had no recollection.
Audrey considered. "That would be just wonderful." She looked Debbi up and down. "You certainly have the figure for it" she commented. "Er, I, er" Debbi was confused. "Jeff" Audrey called loudly to her husband across the crowded room. "Debbi's agreed to pose nude for me. Isn't that great ?" Debbi was wide eyed. ""Oh, er, yes, wonderful, good show" stammered Jeff !


Debbi The College Mentor !

Authors note : Some of the following chapters will contain material familiar to long time readers but hopefully it will branch off to much that is new and unfamiliar. As ever, other contributions welcome.
Jeff had called Debbi into his office to discuss another of his schemes to raise the profile of the company and garner more positive PR. "There's so much talk from the government and media about how important it is to make sure the next generation has the skills necessary for an information based economy. What we need to do is get involved and be leaders in this field." Debbi nodded dutifully. "You're an outstanding example of someone from a modest background who is really making a mark in life" he flattered her. "So I'm delegating to you Deb !" Why am I not surprised ? Perish the thought you'd do any work yourself, she thought cynically. "I want you to organise a project with the local college, encourage the girls especially to go for a career in I.T. Maybe mentor a small group, act as a positive role model. You have all the attributes !"
It was an order not a suggestion and Debbi knew that she would have to run with it. It might only be a gap of eight years separating her 26 year old self from the 18 year old college students but she realised it could still seem a chasm. She would do some research however and felt that it was something she could handle. She'd do some delegating of her own and get Carol to set it up. The company would donate some laptops or something in exchange for the good publicity.
Debbi was not particularly pleased that Carol chose the college Debbi herself had attended eight years ago. She immediately felt herself regressing to her less confident younger self on entering the familiar surroundings but she told herself this was silly. There had been a turnover of staff and she did not recognise the science and technology teacher who greeted her after the initial introductions from the college principal. "It's great your company is taking an interest in these kids" the teacher enthused. She was a somewhat harassed looking individual, maybe ten years Debbi's senior. "Everyone's so quick to consign them to the scrapheap but honestly, there's so much potential."
Miss Johnson, the tutor, explained that a group of nine had signed up for Debbi's sessions, since the college had wanted attendance to be voluntary. "That's great, I was hoping to get to know and mentor a small group" said Debbi. "Some of the nine I expected to be interested, a couple were a surprise but I'm hoping this will be a turning point for them" continued the tutor. Debbi thought that this sounded a little less promising but let it pass !


Virus Hiatus !

Debbi was bored. She had not given much thought to living alone. At this stage of her life it had not seemed such a big deal. She was fortunate to be able to afford such a nice comfortable house, albeit a modest one. And under normal circumstances she did not spend a lot of time there anyway, what with work and socialising. But these were far from normal circumstances. This bloody virus ! Lock down...self isolation...social distancing...work from home.
She was bored. There had been conference calls for a couple of days to start with but then work tailed off anyway as all economic activity ground to a halt. She was only allowed trips to the supermarket and for a run around the block once a day. She was slightly ashamed at how ill equipped she was to cope with only having herself for company. She signed up to a streaming service but after one binge session with the box sets, the novelty of that wore off. Maybe she should learn how to read books other than technical manuals ? She certainly needed to wean herself off of clicking on too much news coverage that was unremittingly grim. Perhaps she ought to take up a home exercise regime ?
Diane was bored. She missed being able to feed off the flattery of her peers. She missed being able to toy with her prey Debbi. She wondered what that silly cow was doing to fill her time in this modified universe. Then she remembered the bug on Debbi's laptop. A project to pass her time suddenly presented itself ! She was sure she could manage to activate that again. She was pretty sure that Debbi would not have changed her habit of leaving the laptop open all the time. Maybe she could catch something embarrassing to share with her mailing list ?
( Author's note : Feeling something of a virus hiatus myself currently but hope to get around to continuing the other ongoing threads. But updates may be slower coming than usual. Stay home, stay safe ! )



