Jessa Meets Her Match
by BPClavel

Jessa Meets Her Match: Ch. 8, Return to Stonefield (Chapter 8)

I let out a heavy sigh, trying to focus. Nick and I were in bed together. That was a first. It was warm, so one light sheet was more than enough. Between the two of us, there was just one article of clothing, his boxer briefs. Did I really want to be here? I knew I had, but did I still?

I felt so conflicted, still irate at Nick for thinking it was within his rights to expose me to whomever he pleased. Beyond inexcusable! But his warmth next to me was enticing, and I had been hinting at a blowjob. Or had I promised?

He’d certainly been right about Catherine. I’d seen the sparkle in her eyes. She’d enjoyed the evening immensely – meeting Kim and Brent. But Nick had tricked me – not at all a nice thing to do to a naked woman.

Yes, I admitted to myself, we were through. It had to be. He couldn’t be trusted. Fool me once – now how did that go?

I rolled closer to him, draping an arm across his chest. I nuzzled into his neck, inhaling his masculinity. Reaching my hand up, I touched his cheek, angling his head toward me.

His lips brushed against mine and I pressed into him, my heart rate increasing as our kiss deepened. I’d make a clean break of it, only it wasn’t going to be tonight.

I reached into his waistband. He sucked in a breath as I explored – territory I’d never seen. With my hand gently caressing his blossoming erection, I probed his mouth with my tongue. I’d always thought that I could teach a college level course. It might be titled, “How to wrap a man around your little finger.” Indeed, I’d read books and watched videos on the art and science of fellatio.

“These lips that you’re kissing, Nick. This tongue. In a minute, they’re going to be wrapped around your dick.” He groaned as I continued breathily, “How does that make you feel?”

He whimpered. It was my sense that he didn’t mind the idea that the mouth on his would soon be buried in his groin. I knew from experience that it didn’t work the other way around. Few men were excited about kissing me after I’d swallowed a load. And I always swallowed. The reason that men liked that, I had come to believe, was that removing my mouth from their cock as they were ejaculating made for an experience much like a ruined orgasm. In the throes of an orgasm, a man craved as much contact as possible – and that required everything I had, mouth and throat – suction as well – which in turn meant swallowing.

He pulled back to speak. “As much as I’d enjoy that, Jessa, let’s save that for another night.”

His words took me by surprise. “Wait, you’re turning down a blowjob?”

“You’re still angry. You’re also drunk. The circumstances aren’t right.”

I was incredulous. “I don’t get a say?” But he was right about one thing. I’d downed more than my share of the several bottles that had been consumed that evening. But his attitude was offensive. “So, are you in charge, Nick? Do you wear the pants in this relationship? You decide who gets to see my nude body and you alone determine if and when we have sex?”

“Jessa, be reasonable. That’s not at all what I said.”

“Funny. That’s exactly what I heard.”

“Jessa…” he pleaded, but quickly covering his mouth with my hand, the one that wasn’t in his underwear, I cut him off.

Deciding that it was time to let his small head do the thinking for him, I curled my fingers around his cock and squeezed. I squeezed hard – as if I was trying to force the blood back out of his swollen member. From experience, I knew I’d be unsuccessful.

He shifted, again trying to say something. I didn’t let him. I wasn’t interested in what he had to say.

Stroking him aggressively, I decided it was time to lay out the rules. “No more talking, okay? I’m I charge tonight. Got that?” I whispered into his ear.

I felt him nod then suck in a breath. Tentatively, I removed my hand from his mouth. Whatever he’d been about to say, he kept it to himself.

In the next moment, I started working his briefs down. Once he was as naked as me, I slid back up bringing my mouth to his ear. “Time to suck some cock,” I said in my steamiest voice.

He again whimpered. I gave him one last sloppy kiss and started south, trailing kisses down his chest and across his abs.

I felt his body stiffen as I inhaled his rigid member whole, the bulbous head going all the way back and entering my throat. None of this – starting with a few tender kisses shit – not for me. Go big or go home. I could always come back to that. Being that this was Nick’s first blowjob, I had no idea what he liked. In time, if he learned to behave, he’d be receiving a customized experience. I hesitated; I was breaking it off, wasn’t I? I sighed audibly around the penis in my mouth. Tomorrow would be soon enough to end things.

But even though I went deep, I started off gentle. Later, I might get rough, but initially I let my mouth conform, softly enveloping his rigid pole in cozy feminine hospitality. The experience I was giving him was only different from my vagina, as I imagined it, in that I was applying light suction.

His penis felt really good in my mouth. That was a big part of it for me. I liked the feel of a dick in my mouth and I liked the sense of power it gave me. I’d talked to women who found it demeaning. I’d never understood that.

I’d learned that knocking a guy’s socks off was not really all that difficult to accomplish. Few women took cock-sucking as seriously as I, meaning that I often had no real competition in the limited experience of the men I’d encountered. And, even though I hadn’t had as many female partners, I considered myself a talented pussy-licker as well.

Nick was pawing at my breasts, even attempting to get a hand in between my legs. I finally had to force him to interlock his fingers behind his head. I told him to relax and concentrate on not cumming. “Bonus points for lasting,” I told him. “The longer, the better. That’s what I want from you tonight. Play your cards right and you can reciprocate another night.”

A while later, my lips buried in Nick’s pubes, my admittedly erotic thoughts shifted to the emotions I had experienced at The Crossroads. Suddenly I was getting rough with Nick. I wasn’t using my teeth, but I was definitely taking my anger out on his cock, trying to inflict some pain. At some level, I knew how ridiculous that was, trying to get back at a guy by punishing his dick with my mouth. But on some level it felt right.

I wanted him to know how angry I was –how severely mistreated I’d felt. No guy should get away with what he’d done. I certainly wasn’t going to allow it. Sucking and bobbing for all I was worth, my lips gripping him tightly, one of my mother’s favorite lines popped into my head. ‘If you want others to respect you, you need to respect yourself.’

They were words I’d always hated, one of the many clichés she’d utter when she felt like slut-shaming me. But then I had another thought. Why was Nick’s cock in my throat? Could I expect him to respect me if I behaved as I was after what he’d done? I lifted up. As his dick popped free, he arched his back, his cock searching in vain to return to the warmth of my mouth.

I took his dick in hand as I slid up next to him, snuggling in with my head on his chest just below his chin.

“Jessa?” he asked, confusion in his voice.

“Mmm,” I replied dreamily, still holding his cock. My sanity was returning. I wasn’t going to finish him off and I wasn’t going to let him do it either.

I felt him attempting to relax. I’d never done this to a guy, take him to the edge and then stop. I started wondering what my mom might think. She’d probably disapprove.

Nick squirmed, and in the next moment he was thrusting into my hand.

“You’ll be alright, Nick,” I whispered, still holding him, but gently – not providing the friction he needed to get off.

“But … Jessa…” he pleaded.

“You were right, Nick,” I replied softly. “The circumstances aren’t right.”

Again he shifted. I didn’t feel all that good about what I was doing to him, but I didn’t feel especially bad about it either. It was simply time to get some sleep. I patted his throbbing erection and then gently withdrew my hand. Snuggling against him from the side, involving his arms in my embrace such that his erection would remain untouched. I admired his meaty member in the soft light, standing proud but oh so lonely in the cool night air.

~ ~ ~

The next morning, I awoke to Nick snoring softly. Without dressing, I made my way quietly out to the kitchen. Both Kim and Catherine were there. I said ‘hi’ to each of them in turn, surprising Kim. I guess she had imagined herself alone, but that was her problem. My mind was on the coffee. It smelled wonderful. Kim poured me a mug. I spent a few minutes with them, but then I wandered back to the guest room. I had a bit of business to attend to.

Carefully, so as not to wake him, I pulled back the sheet – the only thing covering him. He was naked and sporting morning wood. I giggled, sitting down next to him. Despite his erection, he didn’t look especially intimidating. Several weeks prior, I’d been tackled by a burly policeman. That was no longer what I saw when I looked at Nick, especially while asleep. He was now just a man.

I’d always been a fan of morning wood. Setting my mug on the nightstand, I considered allowing him to wake up with his dick inside my hot-as-a-cup-of-coffee mouth. I decided not to. He already knew how much pleasure I could inflict with my mouth.

Instead, using a hand, I started fondling his stiffy. Dicks were fascinating. It still amazed me how solid they could get. But even hard, they were still silky-soft to the touch.

A minute later, Nick was awake. He’d scooted up against the headboard, his pillow lifting his shoulders so he was up high enough to watch. I was kneeling between his outstretched legs, going at him with both hands.

“Did you have a hard time falling asleep last night?” I teased.

He nodded.

“You have a beautiful cock. Too bad I’m not going to let you cum.”

The look in his eyes was precious. “You’re not?”

I shook my head slowly. “You were naughty.”

“So you’re punishing me?”

“Does it look like I’m punishing you?” I asked, amping up my efforts. “Maybe the circumstances aren’t right.”

Nick rolled his eyes. “Are you mad at me for saying that?”

“No, you were right.”

I was pumping him aggressively, putting everything I had into it. He started breathing hard. I knew he was close.

“Do you want me to stop?”

“Oh, please… Don’t stop.”

I stopped.

His shoulders fell, a sigh of disappointment escaping his lips. We both contemplated his lonely throbbing member. And then he reached for it. “Don’t you dare,” I said, slapping at his hand.

“But Jessa…”

“Buck up!” I said, getting up and retrieving his underwear. “Time for some coffee, Nick.”

His cock twitched. As far as I was concerned, he could look at my mouth and pussy all day, thinking about what might have been. Standing, my shaved pussy accidentally in his line of sight, I sipped my coffee while I watched him dress.

Minutes later, both Nick and I entered the Spencers’ kitchen. I was still nude – even though I knew where the robe was.

Kim and Brent were laughing. It felt as if we’d just missed something.

“What?” Nick asked.

“Oh, nothing,” Kim replied, her face contorted in a silly grin.

Staring into my eyes, Catherine asked, “Do you want to know why they’re laughing?”

I nodded.

“They think that Nick is cursed. That women tend to like him when they’re drunk … otherwise, not so much. I guess it was that way with his ex. And then yesterday, same with you. You spent the day pissed. And then about three glasses of wine in, you were making puppy dog eyes at him. Not my words, hers. And then they heard him begging just now. They’re perceptive enough to know that you’ve come full circle. This morning, you’re again not so happy with him.”

I turned to Kim. “You’re not going to tell us why you were laughing?”

“An inside joke. Nothing to do with you or Nick.”

“Nothing to do with me? Nick being cursed has nothing to do with me?”

I saw her jaw drop. Similarly, Brent stopped what he was doing and turned to look at me.

“What were they saying?” Nick asked.

“That I’m like Amber. That you’re cursed because women like you when they’re drunk. Otherwise, not so much.”

There was an uneasy silence in the room, but then Nick cracked up, diffusing the tension. “You’re nothing like Amber. But that is what I told people. That she had a drinking problem. That she needed to drink more because when she did, she liked me.”

I nodded recalling an earlier conversation. “Sober Amber and Drunk Amber.”

“You don’t think much of me, do you Kim?” I challenged.

“That’s not true.” It was obvious that she was uncomfortable. “I guess we have a snitch in the room,” she added.

Nick stiffened. “Did you just call Catherine a snitch?” he asked, glaring askance at Kim.

Kim turned. Resuming what she had been doing, she went to the silverware drawer and started picking out cutlery.

“I think an apology would be in order,” Nick said. It was obvious that he was not going to let it slide.

“It’s alright,” I said, reaching over and placing a hand on his forearm.

“Fine,” Kim said. “Sorry Jessa. Sorry Nick.”

“To Catherine.”

“To Catherine?”

“For calling her a snitch. A young woman … about to marry … instead raped, then murdered. For God’s sake, show a little respect … at the very least, a little compassion.”

I saw Kim glance from Nick’s face to mine and then back again. It looked as if she couldn’t quite bring herself to admit that there was someone else in the room.

“Come on, Kim,” Nick encouraged. “She has feelings. Jessa and Catherine. They’re just looking out for each other.”

Kim let out a sigh. “Okay, Catherine. I’m sorry.”

I looked at Catherine, wondering what she’d say. She shrugged. She didn’t seem to care.

Hoping to lighten the mood, I said, “But Kim, you are right. Last night, I don’t know what came over me. I guess it was the wine … as a matter of fact, I know it was. But it wasn’t only that. Catherine returning … that was big. I was so worried.”

She nodded, but her expression was hard to read.

I continued, “Nick screwed up. Took advantage of my trust. Of course, I’m upset at him. He and I … we have a tough road ahead of us. Or we go our separate ways.”

“Oh, don’t do that,” she entreated, her expression softening. “He has his faults, sure, but like I told you yesterday, he’s not such a bad guy.”

I didn’t know what to say. It was a new day, and I was seeing things in a different light. We sat down to a breakfast which featured pancakes complete with Vermont maple syrup. There were also sausages – maple syrup glazed sausages.

“That reminds me,” Nick said. “I have donuts.” With that he went to his pack and pulled out the bag. They looked well-traveled, but they were only one day old. He cut each of them into several pieces, placing them on a plate.

I sampled the maple donut followed by a piece of the apple fritter. They were surprisingly good. I smiled at Catherine. I started to say that the donuts were hers but decided against it, thinking that doing so might be a bit much for our hosts.

Just as we were clearing off the table, Nick’s phone rang. “Oh, hi. Good morning. Umm … sure,” he said, extending it to me.

I took it, giving him a funny look. Someone calling me on Nick’s phone? “Hello,” I said tentatively. “Oh, hi mom.” Of course it was my mom.

After a few pleasantries, she explained that she was planning a barbecue for that evening. She wanted me to bring Nick. “Not steaks, I hope. That’s what we had last night.”

“Well, I was going to do burgers,” she said, “but since that’s beef, maybe baby back ribs.”

“What’s the occasion?”

“Your dad and I, we’d just like a chance to get to know Nick a little better. And it seems that Mason might have a date. At least there’s a girl coming out this afternoon. They’re going out to the pond for a swim. I was going to have enough food for the two of them … just in case. Maybe they won’t stay.”

“Mason? A girl?”

“Her name is Keira. He told me that you met her.”

“Oh. From the malt shop?”

“That’s where he said they met.”

Trying to recall which one of the girls Keira was, I cautioned her, “Don’t push too hard, mom. Dinner with the family? I mean, you’ll scare her off.”

“I know. I won’t,” she assured me. After agreeing to invite Nick, I hung up, handing the phone back. I wasn’t doing very well with my commitment to break up.

An hour later, we were getting ready to go out to the Jeep, the red one, license plate, GPN 712. After making Catherine promise to spend the day with us, I slipped on Kim’s robe. I no longer minded being naked around the Spencers. Well, I did, but getting time with Catherine trumped all else. However, I wasn’t going to again ride in the Jeep naked. My breasts would still be bouncing around, but hidden inside the terry cloth robe, it wouldn’t be so obscene.

They drove us back to the gate. Nick and I would hike the five miles from there to his Jeep. As we were saying goodbye, I slipped off the robe, handing it to Kim. She offered to let me keep it, but I declined. I saw her exchange a knowing glance with Brent. It looked as if they’d concluded that I was an exhibitionist after all, just as Nick had said.

Wanting to part on good terms, I thanked them for their hospitality. Since they were Nick’s friends and knew about Catherine, it seemed likely that we might be seeing more of them over the summer. As a matter of fact, July 4th had been mentioned. It was barely a week away.

After a quick conversation with Catherine, I put on my boots, and Nick and I ducked under the gate and started down the paved road towards The Crossroads. From there, it would be another four miles to Nick’s Jeep.

We walked along in silence. I found myself wondering just what ‘blue balls’ was like – a short-lived discomfort or a persistent, painful ache. I’d heard both. Was I torturing him by being naked or spoiling him? Glancing over, I decided that it was more likely the latter.

Deciding to verify what I thought I was seeing, I reached for his crotch.

“Hey, what the…” he said, jumping in surprise.

“Just checking,” I laughed. Putting an arm around him and pulling him close, I engaged in a little fluffing, bringing him back up to full mast. I decided to do my best to keep him that way all day. Even though it seemed as if he might enjoy being kept hard, I justified my plan because I imagined that it would be a form of torture – sweet torture.

Arriving at The Crossroads, I remembered the sunscreen. I allowed Nick to spray me and spread it around. As before, it found its way into all the nooks and crannies, but Nick was a bit more reserved than he’d been the day before. He seemed to sense that there was a line – that he needed to stick to business. But that was fine, great actually. I could tell that touching me was making it hard for him, literally and figuratively. That fit the theme of the day perfectly.

As before, I ended up glistening like a porn star. I decided not to focus on that; not burning was what was important.

About halfway to the Jeep, we took a boots-off break. As I’d hoped, Catherine was there. She gave me a funny look.

“What?” I asked.

“I think I’ve figured out why your mom thinks you’re a loose woman.”

“I’m not a loose woman!” I protested, noticing that Nick’s ears had pricked up.

“I don’t know if I should feel sorry for Nick or not.”

“It’s not half as bad as what he did to me. Not one tenth as bad.”

“I guess not,” she agreed.

Nick was following every word. “How’s it hanging?” I asked, again fondling him through his trousers.

“Not hanging at all,” he said. “But you know that as well as I.”

“Are you complaining?” I asked.

He bit his lip thoughtfully.

Catherine started laughing. “What?” I asked her.

“You two are funny.”

“Am I being a cruel? A bitch?” I asked.

“He deserves it. You’re just being playful. You’re using what he did as an excuse to be yourself.”

“You’re saying I’m a bitch?”

“Don’t be putting words in my mouth.”

“What did she say?” Nick asked.

“Wouldn’t you like to know,” I said with a coy smile.

“I still have Catherine’s candy necklace from yesterday,” Nick offered, seemingly trying to change the subject.

“Would you like it?” I asked her as Nick looked for it in his pack.

“Why don’t you wear it?” she suggested.

“Okay,” I said, slipping it on over my head once he’d located it.

Watching me, Nick remarked, “That’s what I was thinking. That she might enjoy seeing it on you.”

I looked at her. “Cathers?”

She nodded. “It’s fun. A candy necklace … young and fun.”

Wanting Nick to ‘hear’ that, I relayed her comment word for word. After all, the candy necklaces had been his idea.

It was past lunchtime when we reached the Jeep. We had to air it out. It was in the full sun. Opting for some more time with Catherine, I took off my boots and climbed into the passenger seat wearing nothing more than the candy necklace. Catherine was already in the backseat.

“Hot enough for you?” I asked. It was still an oven inside the vehicle. I was sitting on my clothes – for two reasons – because the seat was hot and because I wasn’t going to again let them out of my sight.

Catherine shrugged. “Being naked would really be a pain in the you-know-what if hot and cold were an issue for me.”

“I guess I’m glad about that,” I replied. “Vermont winters.”

“Vermont winters?” Nick asked, getting in behind the wheel.

I explained as we headed off. I spent the drive to the gate listening to Catherine talk. She’d enjoyed her visit at the Spencer’s cabin. She surprised me by saying that she wished we’d come up with more tasks for her. Running off to see the license plate and then the lighthouse painting had been fun.

I related that to Nick, and he said, “I wish she would have said something. That was fun for me as well. What about it did she enjoy?”

“It felt like I was there … actually at the party. A part of things. Usually I feel like I am on the outside looking in.”

After hearing her reply, Nick said, “Well, we’ll have to do that again. Maybe tonight … the barbecue.”

“Nope,” I snapped. “As you might recall, a certain someone has to be naked for that to work.”

“And that’s a problem?”

“Watch it! You’re on thin ice, buddy.”

Nick laughed. “I know you’re still mad, but you have to admit that it worked out. Catherine had fun.”

“I had fun,” Catherine interjected from the back seat.

“But, Cathers. He should have talked it over with me … in advance.”

Even though I wasn’t talking to him, Nick answered. “And you wouldn’t have done it.”

“True. But that’s my prerogative.”

“But she had fun. We all had fun.”

“Enough of this. We’re getting nowhere. But tonight, with my family? Hell to the No!”

“It was fun listening to you guys talk,” Catherine said. “Especially you, Miss ‘I’m gonna give Nick a BJ.’”

“Did I say that?” I asked, doing my best to sound as if I was actually uncertain.

“Did you say what?” Nick asked.

“None of your business … girl talk.”

He wasn’t very happy with my non-answer, but it was all he was getting. I considered getting dressed when Nick got out to unlock the gate; after that point we’d be back on roads that were accessible to the public. I decided to wait, but by the time we reached the paved highway, I had my clothes on. It had been a long time. Even though it was comforting to again be dressed, I was instantly missing Catherine. Wishing I could have it both ways, I glanced longingly at her seat.

We stopped at a road-side diner for lunch. Nick asked what I thought he should order for Catherine. Thinking that the waitress would consider it odd if we ordered a third meal and just left it on the table, I told him that Catherine would understand if we didn’t.

I made the same choice that evening at the family barbecue. Setting an extra place at the table for her wouldn’t have required my nudity, but I still wasn’t ready to go there.

To my surprise, Mason and Keira did come. Keira looked to be his same age, eighteen or nineteen. She was a cute girl with a big smile and a bubbly attitude. Her brunette hair was short, about jaw-length. I didn’t think it was the best cut for her round face, but I complimented it anyway. I was so happy for Mason.

“Where’s Mazzie, mom?” Mason asked. “I want to introduce Keira to her.”

“She was here earlier,” my mom said, looking under the table.

“Check out front, near the car,” I told him. “That’s where she seems to hang out.”

“That dog … so strange this summer,” my mom remarked as the two of them headed around the house. I didn’t know if Mazzie would be there, but I knew why she wasn’t in the backyard – because Catherine was.

As it turned out, Mazzie had been out front. Mason and Keira returned a short time later, but they mostly kept to themselves, eating cross-legged in the grass at some distance from the rest of us at the picnic table. After dinner they played croquet while we ‘adults’ sat at the table talking. My parents focused on getting to know Nick, asking him questions that I’d never gotten around to.

I learned that he had a brother and two sisters. It was almost embarrassing that I’d never asked about his family, but in my defense, our focus during our first days together had been Catherine – me persuading him to start looking into her decades-old cold case. And almost always naked. Suffice it to say, my libido had often been a factor. Normal conversation is a bit difficult when you’re wondering if a guy is able to tell that your lady bits are moist.

That evening, Nick invited me to spend the night. I declined politely. I wasn’t necessarily trying to punish him. As I imagined it, it was that the trust that had been forming between us had taken quite a hit – and – I wasn’t drunk.

I also didn’t want to keep leading him on, only to deny him. That had been fun, but I was no longer feeling good about it. I wasn’t ready to capitulate and have sex with him either. I imagined that he might masturbate. Didn’t all guys do that? But thinking about that, I knew that it was how I’d probably end my evening as well. I’d just have to keep something on – my socks maybe. That would allow me to imagine that I was alone.

Another reason that I didn’t want to spend the night at Nick’s was that he was looking at a very busy week. The investigation was in full swing. As a matter of fact, he’d made a few phone calls before and after dinner to find out about developments that had taken place over the weekend. I could tell that he wanted to share with me what he’d learned, but he seemed resolved to honor my request. I really didn’t want to know anything about the other young women who had met untimely ends at the hand of the bastard who had killed Catherine. What I knew already was bad enough. I’d carry it with me forever.

~ ~ ~

The next morning, while attempting to return to painting walls, my parents came in and started talking with me about that. They said that they considered my contribution to the family project as a low priority in comparison with the role I was playing in the criminal investigation.

I didn’t have the heart to mention that my part in that was over and done. The bodies had been found. Catherine seemed to be tapped out in terms of what she could remember of her assailant, so from here on out it would be up to the police. Because my parents felt so good about what they assumed I was doing, I decided not to set them straight. They knew that I was dating Nick, but they imagined that part of our time together was devoted to finding Catherine’s killer.

That afternoon, I made a trip into Stonefield with Mason. He wanted help picking out a gift for Keira. I told him that I thought it was a bit premature, but he was adamant, so I went with him. I certainly didn’t want him to blow his chances with the girl by giving her something completely inappropriate. It was much too early for jewelry.

Mason and I ended up having a good time. Because I recalled how Keira had been dressed, I steered him toward a rack of colorful socks that I thought she might like. While in one of the stores, I also found something for me, or for Catherine, depending on how one looked at it. I stocked up on candy necklaces. I thought that wearing one might be a way of showing support, similar to how I’d gotten my haircut. I really liked that Nick and gleaned that piece of information out of those files.

~ ~ ~

The following morning, after showering, I put on a fresh candy necklace and offered Catherine one. As she couldn’t wear hers, she asked me to put it with the rest of her treasures. They were again hidden underneath the board in what had been her room.

An hour or so later, all hell broke loose. I was painting in the stairwell when my dad rushed in. He held his phone up to my face. “Breaking News,” the headline read. “Police have suspect in the Vermont serial murder case cornered. Shots fired.”

“What the hell,” I said, almost tripping and falling as I climbed down the ladder.

A moment later, the four of us were in the kitchen. We’d all read the article, what little of it there was. The events were still unfolding.

“I’m calling Nick,” I said, tapping on his name on my screen.

He answered on the third ring. “Jessa, hi. I’m going to have to call you back…”

“Nick, at least tell me what’s going on.” I interrupted, switching to speaker so everyone could hear.

“Okay, okay… Two officers made a house call. To question a man who worked at Earl’s Auto Salvage. He misunderstood … thought they were there to arrest him … started shooting. We’ve got the house surrounded. Officers on all sides. He’s firing at us from several upstairs windows. A lot of fire power, this guy. No idea how this ends.”

The next thing we heard was a series of pops.

“That’s gunfire,” Mason observed. I looked up, expecting to see him smiling. He wasn’t.

“Keep your head down, Nick,” my mom yelled at the phone.

He didn’t answer. “Nick? Are you there?” I asked, my level of concern rising.

“Yep. I’m behind a car. But I gotta go. Tell your mom I AM keeping my head down.”

“But where are you?” I asked. “Stonefield?”

“No, Hammonton. We drove through here last weekend, remember?”

“Get shot and I’ll kill you!” I said. It wasn’t meant as a joke and no one laughed. The line went dead.

“Where’s Hammonton?” I asked, looking up.

My dad googled it. “Twenty miles north. Up the Post Road,” he said.

I nodded. That meant that the way there went past the junkyard. “I gotta pee,” I said, racing for the stairs. It was just an excuse. A moment later, Catherine and I were talking quietly in the bathroom.

“Jessa, I’ve got a feeling that I’m supposed to be there,” she said.

“I know. I feel it, too.”

“Well, if we go … together … you’ll have to stay back. No getting shot.”

I nodded. I didn’t want to get shot. But I was worried about her, too. If this was the guy – and it seemed as if it had to be – and the police killed or captured him – then she might disappear. I’d be devastated.

“Okay, let’s go,” I said.

My parents did everything they could to talk me out of it, but I was not to be denied. Mason wanted to come. They were against that as well. Minutes later, Catherine and I were on the Post Road headed north. I couldn’t see her, but I knew she was with me.

We were buzzing along at fifteen to twenty over, passing cars. As I imagined it, we were on official business. If I’d had a siren, I would have switched it on. This was the killer – Catherine’s killer. Cathers and I, we were coming for him!
