Giles stood there open mouthed and dumbfounded. They were obviously all quite drunk. He'd just send them to their rooms and everything would be back to normal in the morning.

"You're right Buffy. It is our sacred duty as her friends to see if she was right."

Before he could speak, both women had pushed him down on the couch, their hands everywhere. His glasses were plucked off and two sets of lips attacked his face and neck. Willow pushed Buffy aside and sat in Giles' lap. She figured she'd had a crush on him first, she should kiss him first. She gathered his face in her hands and laid her lips on his. This was no mere boy she was kissing. This was a man, a man who tasted faintly of tea. But before she could explore further, a pair of hands pulled her away.

"Hey, okay, that's enough Will, quit macking on MY Watcher."

Xander almost stumbled as Willow was tossed towards him. He'd been captivated by the sight of his two best friends attacking Giles. They kissed the Watcher and caressed him and Xander wondered what it would be like to be in Giles' place. He also wondered what Giles felt like, how he kissed. He instantly told himself that was a bad place and concentrated on watching Willow kiss Giles before Buffy pulled her off.

Buffy almost threw her friend at Xander before climbing onto Giles. It was time to do some carpe-ing. She pulled him towards her, putting all her feelings behind the kiss. Giles briefly registered the loss of contact, but was overwhelmed by the passion of the person now attacking him. He opened his eyes and saw Buffy. God, he was kissing his Slayer, something he'd wanted to do for so very long. He shifted his body to mold her to him. When she moaned in approval, he slipped his tongue in, exploring her. Buffy went on a mental breakdown as Giles unleashed all his experience.

Meanwhile Willow and Xander looked at the couple on the couch as they got steamier and then looked at each other. With a mental shrug, Willow stepped into Xander's waiting arms. It was better than she remembered, kissing the boy, no the man she had loved since she was five. Anya must have taught him a thing or two cause she was going weak at the knees. All Xander could think was he was kissing his Willow, without any burdens this time. This was no fluke. She tasted of magic now, something buzzing and powerful, something only hinted at four years ago. She fit him, better than Anya, better than Cordelia. She was his, his Willow and they were kissing.

As buttons started to come undone and passion threatened to overwhelm, a mote of reason entered Giles' head. This was insanity, it was the wine. He pushed Buffy off if him, his libido raging. He pulled Willow and Xander apart. They all looked at him as if he killed a puppy. Buffy got up and sauntered over to him. She wiggled her hips against him as she pouted.

"What's the matter Giles? Don't you want me?"

"Buffy, of course I do, for so very long…stop that! You're all obviously under the influence of the alcohol. I suggest we all go to bed and forget any of this happened."

"But I don't wanna forget, do you wanna forget Will, Xand?"

They shook their heads.

"See, we want the smoochies, guess that means you need to be convinced. Go sit. Xand, make sure he stays. C'mere Will, let's give Giles a little persuasion."

Giles found himself back on the couch, Xander giving him a stern look. He wasn't entirely sure he wanted to attempt to get past the young man.

Buffy had pulled Willow close and whispered something in her best friends' ear. At first the red head grew wide eyes, but slowly a mischievous grin appeared and she nodded in agreement. They started to sway to music playing in their heads, touching each other innocently on the hip, the shoulder, the waist. Soon their bodies drew closer and they began caressing more intimately, breasts, thighs, asses. Then Buffy moved her arms around Willow as if they were embracing. Willow started stroking Buffy's face, hair. Then they were kissing, soft gentle kisses that slowly, slowly edged into passionate. A flash of tongue and hands everywhere.

Giles wanted to stop them, wanted to look away. It was pure madness, but God it was fascinating. He would have thought Buffy would be revolted at the idea of kissing another woman. But this, this was pure lust, unbridled and untamed. His libido won over and he wanted to claim Buffy as his own.

Xander was in heaven. Never had his imagination ever been this good. Buffy and Willow and hands and tongues and dear God he was hard. He'd forgotten totally about Giles and concentrated on the show in front of him. He'd seen Willow kiss Tara and Kennedy, but never like this, this was….hot and he never wanted his Willow more than now.

Buffy wasn't sure why she thought of kissing Willow as a way to keep Giles interested. The idea had just popped into her head and she went with it. Maybe it was the wine, maybe it was the need to carpe Giles. She whispered the idea to Willow and then they were dancing. Willow's touch was soft but more sure than any of the guys she'd dated. She touched back and the heat built up. Then she was kissing Willow and her mind reeled. It was good, no great, not as great as kissing Giles, but Wow.

Willow had been wigged when Buffy first whispered the idea but some part of her wondered what it would be like. Buffy was more muscular than Tara, like Kennedy had been, but she wore her strength with a maturity and ease the younger Slayer lacked. The dancing was good, but the kissing was better. Buffy was more possessive than any of her lovers, it was delicious and she never wanted to stop.

They were gently pulled apart by two separate sets of hands. Giles and Xander wanted to play. Buffy considered making them kiss each other, but dismissed it quickly. Willow almost whimpered at the loss of contact with Buffy, but was silenced by Xander's talented hands. Buttons were further opened, sighs of pleasure echoing through the room.

One last small thread of sanity filtered through Giles' brain. There was no doubt this was going to happen, but what about protection? None of them needed the consequence of a pregnancy on their hands. He broke off a passionate kiss to voice his concern.

"Buffy, please stop love. It's important. Has anyone thought of birth control?"

The statement stopped everyone cold.

"Hey, don't look at me, it's been over a year and last lover, vampire."

"Lesbian, didn't need it."

"Anya was on the pill, you Giles?"

"Um, well, I hadn't actually planned anything like this…"

"In other words no," Buffy said.

"Indeed."

All were crestfallen and passions started to cool. Willow brightened suddenly.

"A spell, I think I read about a spell, a kind of magical contraception. It was before I got all Wicca powerful, in one of your books, Giles."

"I think I know which one you mean Willow. I can do the incantation, but will need your power to make it effective for a longer period than it was designed for."

"No problem, one white Wicca at your service."

"Okay, um, we all need to be touching in order for the spell to work."

"Touching? Giles, I like you, but…"

"Not like that, Xander. You hold Willow's hand and then take Buffy's. I'll hold Willow's other had and Buffy, not there luv, unless you want the night to end very quickly."

Buffy smirked and held his hand. They all stood close together, bodies touching as they held hands. Giles could feel the magic pulsing in Willow, her heightened sexual state making it more prominent. He briefly wondered how it might affect an orgasm before trying to concentrate on the spell.

Xander could also feel her magic. He'd seen evil, vein Willow, even experienced her power. This was…different, so very different. He could feel her love pulse through the magic, enveloping him. This was his Willow, his beautiful, powerful Willow.

Buffy could feel the magic from Giles. She'd known he was powerful, but Willow's mojo just strengthened it. As he chanted, she could feel the power flow through her. It was tingly and oh God, she might just come right now.

As the magic pulsed and flowed, it fed off the sexual energy of the group. It grew stronger and embraced the four, protecting them. As Giles finished chanting, the power faded leaving them all breathless.

"It worked? We're good?" Buffy asked.

"Yes, we should be," Giles replied.

"Good," she attacked him, pushing him to the floor and ripping open his shirt.