Day two of Del's new job.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 8 (MF, 1st, Fdom, nc, oral, parody, impreg?, F-solo, toys)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Del spent the rest of the afternoon in a mushy haze. He'd finally lost his virginity! Not to Nancy, as he'd hoped, but Trista was a sexy MILF as well. He looked forward to his next 'job' with her.

That night, he and Nancy played more Dragon Era in the living room.

"So, how was your first day helping Trista?" she asked him as their character ran through an abandoned town.

"It was fun," Del said, and winced. He shouldn't have said that...work wasn't supposed to be fun!

She sat up. "Fun? What'd you do?"

"Err...I mean, have you seen their hedge maze? That was fun. Obviously the work is work," he quickly covered.

"Hm."

---

Sunday...

Del woke up to a text from Trista: *Hey how fast can you get over here?*

He looked at the time: 10 AM. His muscles were sore from yesterday's exertions, not only from the hedge trimming, but from hammering his cock into the leggy blonde's hot pussy as he gave her his v-card. He replied back, *Pretty quick, give me a few*

*Ok text when you're coming over*

"Coffee?" Nancy made her usual offer as she heard him emerge from his basement cave.

"Sorry, Trista needs me right now." He typed on his phone and headed to the front door.

Nancy watched him leave, suddenly feeling protective, and she wondered if she might also be jealous. Had Trista already jumped him? Had he lost his virginity to her? Was he going over there to pump that deliciously large cock into her skanky cunt? She caught herself and shook her head. She hadn't felt sexy since her period started Thursday night, but it was calming down, and with it, her libido was ramping back up. She had no legitimate claim on Del, though...if Trista was boffing him, that had nothing to do with her. She sighed and ate her breakfast.

Del got another text message as he left Nancy's house: *Head upstairs second door on the left*

Helena let him in, as usual. Today the strawberry blonde was wearing a tank top and short-shorts, showing how she had inherited her long legs from her mother. "Mom's upstairs, I think," she advised him.

"Thanks." Del headed up the dark oak staircase.

Once he was out of sight, the young woman pulled out her mother's phone and sent another text: *Undress, put on the blindfold, and turn away from the door*

*Ok*

She quietly mounted the stairs, following in the attractive young man's wake. Slightly opening the spare bedroom's door to peek in, she saw that he had followed her instructions; he was kneeling on the room's double bed, naked, with his back to her. She stepped in and placed her hand on his shoulder, making him jump a little. Then she made a V with her fingers and swung them around to quickly stab at his eyes, stopping short an inch away. If he hadn't secured the dark blindfold, he would have recoiled from the visible danger to his eyesight, but he hadn't reacted at all.

"So, um..." he began.

"SHH!" She reached around and grasped his cock, amazed at how long and thick it was. She had seen it while her mother was blowing him the previous day, but now that she was close and it was in her hand, it seemed even bigger. A bit of drool slipped from between her lips and she swept it up with her tongue.

She directed him by his shoulders to turn around, and then pushed him back onto the bed before grabbing his cock again to stroke it. She had to taste it. She moved down and licked at the head, her pussy thrilling at this illicit act. She took it into her mouth and gave it a strong suck, making him moan, and then engulfed several inches. Soon, she was bobbing her head and tasting his pre-cum, but she couldn't take all of his cock like her mother had. She worried that he might figure out that she wasn't her mother from her inexperience, so she got up, pulled off her clothes, and then got onto the bed naked. She climbed astride him and rubbed her soaking pussy along the underside of his shaft as Del just lay there, his mouth slightly open. When she saw his hands move toward her chest, she quickly reacted and pushed them back to the bed, above his head. Her B-cup breasts were definitely smaller than her mother's, so he had to keep his hands to himself!

By leaning forward to do that, though, the shorter girl had moved her hips forward, and when Del felt the tip of his cock nestle itself between what he thought were Trista's pussy lips, he thrust his hips up, popping the head inside.

"Huhh!" she moaned as she felt an insistent, pleasurable pressure inside her. She'd busted her own cherry with a dildo a while back, but had never actually had a real cock inside her. She froze, not knowing what to do, which gave Del the opportunity to shift his body up the bed a little, causing another inch of him to push further inside her virgin hole.

Helena hadn't planned this. She was originally just going to whack him off, or suck him off, to get a fresh load of that delicious cum. Rubbing her pussy on his cock until she came and then making him cum in her mouth had been the revised plan, but now the college student's lengthy member was inside her pussy, if only by a couple of inches. She was desperately trying to make her brain work, to take back control of the situation, when gravity caused her body to slide down his cock another inch...at least, she thought it was gravity...had she done that herself? she wondered.

Del moved his hips down a little and thrust up into her again. This time most of him went in, and Helena moaned, keeping her mouth shut so he wouldn't be able to tell anything from her voice.

Her pussy was so full! Her dildo was definitely not as big as him. Her vagina was throbbing as it struggled to accommodate his size, her insides producing additional lubrication to assist. Well, she figured, her revised plan was going to be to use his cock to make her cum, so it was only a slight adjustment to have it inside her when it did that. She just had to make sure to pull off before he came. Her pussy twitched at that thought. This was very dangerous...

Del was breathing heavily. 'Trista's' pussy was tighter than yesterday, maybe due to the change in position, he figured, and it felt incredible. He hoped he'd be able to hold off until she orgasmed at least once.

Helena pulled up a bit and then pushed back down, feeling even more of Del's wonderful cock slipping inside her. She would never be as satisfied with her dildo again, she realized. She did it again, and again, and finally she took him all the way inside. She was practically hyperventilating, feeling the tip of his large cock pressing deeper inside her than anything had ever been before.

Del waited. 'Trista' had taken all of him and seemed to be breathing funny. As her breathing calmed, he began to thrust his hips up at her, causing her to make cute mewling sounds.

Helena began to match his movements and felt sparks flare from her clit and G-spot as both were stimulated. She knew at this rate that she wouldn't take long to reach her orgasm, and then she'd pull off and swallow his creamy load. Her mouth was salivating at the thought. Yes...she could feel her orgasm building, like electricity deep inside, powering up as his dynamo speared into her again and again. Her B-cup breasts bounced, her nipples shaking up and down...

"MMH!" she grunted, and shoved her pussy down on him. With the tip of his cock pressing dangerously against her cervix, she came. "NNH! NGHH!" She shook upon him, her pussy grasping at his glorious member as the orgasm blew through her body.

Del was holding as still as possible, wanting to make sure that 'Trista' had at least one full orgasm before he came himself...he hoped that maybe they could cum together for her second. It had been a close thing, though, and a drop of his sperm-filled semen dribbled from the tip of his cock, smearing itself onto the entrance of the teen girl's vulnerable womb.

"Huhh...huhh..." Still shaking, Helena tried to calm her body down. She had never experienced an orgasm like that before! She'd catch her breath, and then...

She hadn't noticed when she'd let go of Del's arms, and he suddenly wrapped them around her body and shifted his weight so he could flip them over. He was now on top, his turgid member still inside her, and he began to thrust into her hard.

No! she screamed in her head. She couldn't call out or he'd know it was her and not her mother, and with her smaller body...she elbowed his arms from around her, and when his hands went for her breasts again, she quickly covered them with her own hands.

Confused by what 'Trista' was doing, Del just laid his full weight upon her as he thrust into her again and again, trapping her hands between their bodies and crushing them into her breasts.

"Nn! Nn!" Helena moaned. At this angle, Del was smacking her clitoris with every stroke. He was taking her, owning her, but this was supposed to be her taking advantage of him! She could feel another orgasm approaching as the impact of Del's sizable cock reverberated throughout her pussy. She told herself that she'd have just one more orgasm and then she'd somehow get him off of her.

Her mind flashed back to the previous day, when she had watched Del thrusting between her mother's shapely legs, just as he was now doing to her, as her mother moaned for him to try to impregnate her. That had been so hot, and when Del had groaned and filled the older woman up with his sperm, Helena had cum hard on her own fingers, her knees giving out and dropping her to the ground, imagining her mother getting knocked up by the handsome teen.

She felt Del speed up, his cock somehow feeling even bigger inside her...she was so close...

Del was fast approaching his own release, and knew 'Trista' liked when he pretended to knock her up, so he leaned in and whispered into Helena's ear, "Here's a baby for you, you hot slut. Unhh!" Then he thrust deep inside her and stopped, feeling his orgasm rise from his loins.

Upon hearing this, Helena's body went into orgasmic overdrive. "NNGH!" Her legs instinctively wrapped around Del's hips, her body trying to pull him as deep as possible as his orgasm rushed up his shaft and spattered her spasming cervix with babymaking sperm. Her primed insides undulated around his throbbing shaft, urging it to fill her teen body with life. "Un-hhh!" she cried out and bit her lower lip while his sperm assaulted her vulnerable womb.

After shooting a good ten spurts of dangerous seed inside 'Trista', Del pulled out and rolled to the side. He reached for the blindfold, but, even as she shook with afterorgasms, Helena had the wherewithal to grab his hand. On tottering legs, she grabbed her clothes and slipped from the room.

A minute later, Del heard his phone chime. He removed the blindfold to read it: *Amazing, lover. Gotta go out, so you head home*

He shook his head. Trista was using him for sex, he knew, but he had no complaints. As he got his clothes on, another message came in from her: *Both of us should pretend this never happened okay? Hotter that way*

He didn't know why it was hotter that way, but he shrugged, sent back, *Ok* and headed home.

In the bathroom, Helena sat on the toilet to let Del's sizable load drip out of her pussy.

---

After deleting the texts from her mother's phone and leaving it in the entryway, Helena lay on her bed, still naked. Her period was a little unpredictable, but she knew that this had not been a safe day to take a load of hot sperm...hmm...inside her wet...umm...pussy...

Her hand went to her clit and found that it was still engorged, so she started playing with it. Well, that happened, she mused, and it had been the hottest thing she had ever experienced. She grabbed her dildo and easily pushed it inside her well-lubricated pussy. She realized that Del had stretched her out a bit.

Soon she was able to bring herself to another orgasm, remembering Del grunting and filling her up with his baby batter.

She heard the front door open and close, and her mother's voice called out, "Helena! Have you seen my phone--? Oh, never mind, here it is. Forget my head if it wasn't attached."

Helena extracted the dildo from her pussy. Seeing all the sperm sticking to it that had somehow remained after she had tried to drip it out earlier, she brought it to her mouth and sucked it clean. She WAS a cumslut, she realized, as her mother had said: like mother, like daughter.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)