Karie

She wasn't very tall or leggy like I usually like em' but
she was gorgeous and well built. She looked so innocent and
waif like. Big, big brown eyes and very long dark brown
hair, hair clear to her waist, pale creamy skin and she
looked so...innocent! Only about five foot-three, a nice
round little ass and a good handful of tits, I wanted to see
her ass and tits up close in the worst way! I
wanted to see that long beautiful hair fanned out on the bed
with her naked and spread out for me!

I had been following her for weeks. I wanted fresh meat.
This one was special, I needed a little extra time with her
and I wanted it very private. Time and patience finally
began paying off. This was the night! I had parked the van
up on a wooded hillside and cranked my digital snooper up to
see if she was home alone. I had broken into her bedroom and
planted it weeks earlier. I still have her pale blue lace
panties, the ones I picked up off her bedroom floor! I
couldn't just pay her a visit when her folks were out of the
house, I had to know they would not be coming home soon.

At 17, Karie was the youngest of 4 siblings, all the others
had moved from the house, only her sister, Anne, still lived
in town. Anne was 23 and looked a bit like Karie, a little
plump, but still a doll. I had eavesdropped through the bug
several nights ago as Karie talked to a girl friend. "My
folks are going to England for vacation," Karie gushed to
Shari. "They are going to be gone a month to visit my
mother's folks and relatives, my step dad is really looking
forward to seeing England. I get to
stay home alone. Anne will check in on me to see if I need
anything, this is going to be a fun month!" "Yes, it sure
will be" I had muttered to myself, upon hearing that
conversation, finally, all the patience in following this
beautiful little cunt, the time, expense and danger in
bugging her house and putting cams in her bedroom was about
to pay off!

I glanced up at the van wall at some of the shots I had
gotten through the cams. My favorite was Karie in a little
green nightgown lying on her back, legs spread, knees pulled
up. She had pulled the crotch of her panties aside and
spread her juicy pussy lips with her fingers.
I had watched, fascinated as she slid wet fingers up and
down her glistening pink slit with one hand while playing
with an apple sized tit with the other. I got a dozen stills
of her while she strummed on her hard little clit.

I had to remember to retrieve the miniature remote cameras
with me when I was finished with her tonight. But, first I
would set the software up so I could take remote controlled
photos of the sessions I had planned for her.

I watched the screen as she came out of the bathroom, she
dried her hot damp body off with a large towel, then walked
to the closet. I almost came in my pants as I watched her
round naked little ass stick out of the far edge of the
cam frame. She was bent over into the closet rummaging
around for something, I could see the fringe of brown pussy
hair with a little pink lip peeking out from under that
gorgeous little ass as she looked for something that was out
of sight.

Karie was feeling naughty! She had slipped out of school for
an afternoon of shopping, now she wanted try her purchase
on. "I bet this gives Jerry an instant
hard on," she said out loud to herself. Reaching under her
backpack she pulled out a package. Looking around her room
guiltily, she placed the package on her bed. Quickly she
looked out the bedroom window to make sure Anne wasn't going
to surprise her. Nobody was in the driveway. She opened up
the package and pulled out a wispy little nightgown. This
little number was really sexy. She put it on and ran to the
mirror. "Whoa, looks like I'm naked," she said out loud.
Everything showed, the rich brown triangle hiding her cunt
and her dark red nipples showed clearly. The dark thick bush
bothered her, she wanted her cunt ready
for action when Jerry finally realized she wanted him to
fuck her. The bush had to go! Karie grabbed a pair of
scissors and sat on he damp towel spread out on her bed.
Carefully, she pulled up her nightgown and began to trim the
dark curls. Soon she had the triangle trimmed back to a very
slight brown oval leading down to her now stubbly vertical
slit. Quickly, she jumped up and ran to the bathroom.

I could see her in the full-length mirror mounted on the
open bathroom door. She ran a washcloth under warm water and
began to wash her cunt. When she had it dripping wet, she
raised one foot and placed it on the lowered toilet seat.
Reaching over to the counter, she picked up a can of shaving
cream and shot a white glob into her hand. After applying
the cream to the stubble around her cunt, she slowly began
to shave.

Her plump pussy lips pouted back at her from across the room
in her mirror, a glimmer of wet pink glistened between them.
Karie lay back and stroked the slick, puffy, engorged lips
with a gentle touch. She thought of Jerry, the guy
she had a crush on, as her fingertip drifted gently up and
down her moist slit. Slowly, as her knees pulled up and
back, she spread her wet pink folds apart
with thumb and forefinger and inserted a finger into her
slick hot vagina. For five minutes she teased her clit by
gently rubbing it then she would drift the
wet fingertip to the tight wet hole below and teasingly
begin to fuck herself by inserting a little of the finger at
a time. "Ohhhhh, ohhhh, a need it, I need a cock, I want one
in me so bad," she moaned to herself. She reached over to
the bag and pulled out a package. In a hurry, she fumbled as
she tried to unwrap the brown parcel, finally ripping the
paper, she reached in and pulled out a dildo.
She had mail ordered it! It came as promised in a plain
brown wrapped package. She had never dared to use it with
her folks in the house. Quickly she twisted the end of the 4
inch cock-like device and smiled as it began to vibrate.

Laying back again, she held the vibrating artificial cock to
her wet opening and began to run it up and down her gaping
pink gash.

Oh, she wanted a cock so bad. When her girlfriends at school
talked about sex she would get all hot and bothered. Her
cunt would get warm, then wet. A couple of times she had to
go to the girls room and get herself off behind the locked
door of a stall. She would take a damp rag with her and wash
her gushing cunt when she was through strumming her clit and
teasing her virgin hole. She sometimes got so hot just
thinking about sex she could actually smell her juices in
her damp panties and was afraid those around her could too.
If only the right time and circumstance would present
itself, she had to get laid, she wanted a
cock, a real stiff, hot, throbbing cock to satisfy her
almost unbearable urge to spread her legs and fuck like a
lust crazed whore!

Watching in the darkened van, taping her nasty fuck play, I
slowly ran my hand up and down my stiff cock while watching
Karie tease herself with the vibrating toy. I listened and
watched as she brought herself off. "Tonight, my little
beauty, you get your wish."

It was almost too easy. I slowly twisted the back door knob
to keep it from rattling, shoved the knife blade into the
latch and pried gently until I heard a soft click. Slowly I
pushed the door open enough to slither through. Without a
whisper of noise I glided up the carpeted stairs to her
room. This was my third trip to Karie's room, this time she
was going to know I was there. It was 2 a.m. and the whole
distant neighborhood was soundly sleeping, not a bit of
traffic traveled the dark deserted streets.

Karie was dreaming of Jerry, he was kneeling over her
outspread legs, his cock jutting out in front of his belly,
smiling down at her. "Fuck me, fuck me, give it to me,
please, put it in," she moaned to him. At 17, she was still
definitely not wanting to be a virgin anymore. Listening to
her girlfriends talk about how good sex was really got to
her. Several of them told Karie that getting
their cherry popped was the best move they ever made. Now
they could have their pick of the studs in their high
school, the neighboring high schools and the state college.
Her friend Shari even told Karie that she had once gotten
blind drunk and fucked 3 boys at one time! Karie's nightly
dreams were becoming increasingly sexual. She woke up every
morning with a damp pussy, her lips puffy from the stroking
and pinching she inflicted on herself nightly. She needed to
lose her cherry!

"Ohhh, uhhh, ahhhh," Karie was moaning in her sleep,
blankets kicked down to the
bottom of the bed, her hand was under her night gown as she
dreamily stroking her damp slit. I watched her for several
minutes as I slowly pulled down the
window shade and slid the heavy drapes shut. The road the
van was parked on was fifty yards distant and the nearest
point to the house, but I wanted to keep the noise in the
room and any casual passer by from hearing little Karie
getting her wish! I wasn't worried a lot about the noise,
her nearest neighbors were over one hundred yards down the
road. I sat my bag by her bed and reached for her lovely
little tits.

"WHAAA," Karie yelped. A hand had grasped her breast and
painfully twisted it. She set up quickly, still half asleep.
Her nightlight dimly lit the room. Why
wasn't the streetlight shining through her window? How come
the drapes were pulled shut? Fear overwhelmed her as she
realized the dark form in front of her was a person, a
person with her right breast painfully in their grasp!
She tried to get up out of bed. "Ouch," she yelped as a hand
slapped her painfully in the face. "Who are you, what do you
want?"

"Shut up bitch, I want your pussy, your mouth and your tight
little asshole," I answered her. "Nuhh,
NO, GET OUT," she yelled. I quickly shoved her back on the
bed and showed her the knife. She could see the wicked
glimmer in the dimly lit room, see enough to recognize a
shiny 6 inch knife blade! I spun around, walked to the
closet, reaching up I jerked the string leading to the light
bulb. Light flooded the closet and lit her room up just
enough to see. She lay quivering with fear, nipples and cunt
showing through her sexy new nightgown, her eyes sliding to
the telephone on her nightstand. Before she could move, I
grabbed the phone, unplugged it and set it on her dresser.

"Please, get out, please, I'm scared," she begged as tears
coursed down her face. I felt my cock spasm, I almost blew a
load right on the spot. "Here's the deal little lady, you
are going to give me a one word answer to a three part
question. I'm going to ask the question and you can only
give these three words as answers!" Eyes wide with fear, a
tremor in her voice, she asked, "What's the question?"

"First, I'll give you the correct answers," I told her. "Do
you want it in your mouth, pussy, or ass?" She recoiled back
against the headboard, shock on her face, mouth hanging
open. She was shocked back to reality. Rape! I could see
this on her face, the reality of the situation was almost as
satisfying as that first moment when a beautiful woman is
forced to kneel and you feel her hot,
unwilling mouth surround your throbbing cock. I squeezed
down hard on the firm apple sized tit.

"No, nooo, please, ouch, ouch, stop, please stop squeezing,"
she begged, I pinched her nipple through the transparent
fabric and pulled it towards me roughly, "answer now," I
thundered at her."Mmmm, mou, mou, mouth," she stammered.

"Get up on your knees,suck me off right now," I told her, "I
wouldn't last two strokes in your pussy or your ass anyway!"

Karie was almost paralyzed with fear. This was a nightmare.
She could not believe this was happening. She lay back,
shaking her head, telling herself this was not real, that
she was asleep. The masked man suddenly grabbed her sexy new
nightgown and ripped it down the front. She was now falling
back with the brand new gown shredded.

"I can smell your cunt Karie," I told her. "How do you know
my name?" "I know lots about you bitch, look at this," I
reached into the bag at my feet and tossed a large envelope
at her. Shakily, she opened the top and spilled out a couple
dozen photos. They were all 8 x 10, in color. Most of them
were of her, right here in her own bed, legs spread while
she finger fucked herself. She recognized one of her at a
football game, Jerry was kissing her, his hand on her round
little ass, squeezing it. With a start, she realized I had
been stalking her for weeks. How did he get pictures of her
in her own bedroom? "You bastard, you better leave, my folks
will." "be home in a month," I finished for her. "If your
sister comes over while I'm here, I'm going to fuck her
too."

She lay there staring at him, he knew everything about her,
even had photos of her most intimate moments in her own
bedroom. Who was he?

"Stand up, NOW," I barked. Quickly, she leaped from the bed,
stood there hating herself for obeying, shaking as
sheimagined what he was going to do to her.

"Get the rag off, strip naked and keep you cunt mouth shut,"
I ordered her. She shrugged the torn garment off and stood
shaking with fear. Horrified, she heard him order her to
turn around and bend over.

"Now, turn around, bend over, hands on the bed," I ordered.
Slowly, she obeyed. "Spread your legs, reach back and spread
your cheeks, get that face down on the
pillows," I hissed. Horrified, she spread her legs and then
her ass cheeks, showed me her damp pink slit and her pink
and brown ringed anus, her most intimate places. Tears ran
as she stood there bent over, showing me what I wanted to
see. "Stand up, turn around, get down on your knees," I
ordered. Shakily, she complied, kneeling in front of the
terrifying nightmare that had invaded her room and life!

I looked down at her, relished the control I had established
so quickly and decided it was time to cum in her for the
first time. "Unzip my pants, NOW," I
barked. Without thinking, her hand quickly went to my
zipper. She hesitated then. "Unzip," I barked. Quickly she
unzipped my pants. "Pull my cock out, NOW."

Quickly, she reached into my pants and grasped the hot, hard
cock waiting for her there. She tugged on it and it popped
out right into her face! "No, please, don't do this," she
begged. I grabbed her by the hair and jerked her to my
throbbing cock.

She inhaled sharply to scream, then suddenly cringed, the
knife was there. It's cold surface on her right breast, then
tracing an icy metal path to her face. "I will cut
your tits and face up until they look like road kill if you
don't open you mouth and start sucking," I whispered to her.

With icy fear in her brain and revulsion in her stomach, her
soft, plump lips parted and slowly, reluctantly began to
slide over the head of the throbbing, jerking cock!

"Yes, oh yes, get that hot little mouth over my cock." Her
lips and tongue were red hot, so soft, so moist. I shoved my
cock forward and felt it hit the back of her throat. "Start
sucking, suck, lick and fuck my cock with your mouth,
pretend it's your hot little cunt," I told the dazed young
beauty. Pretend my cock is your dildo and your mouth is your
cunt, suck on my cock just like your cunt
sucked on your little toy earlier tonight," I ordered.

"Faster, deeper, no teeth, suck, suck harder," I demanded.
"Get deeper, suck, faster, faster," I snarled as I pumped
into the kneeling girls beautiful tear streaked face. I
looked down and watched the struggling young bitch's pursed
lips sliding up and down my cock. My nuts were boiling. I
knew this would be a one-minute blowjob. I couldn't
possibly hold back. I glanced to the right and saw us in her
full-length mirror, her with her hands on my ass trying to
steady herself, my cock appearing and disappearing into the
plump red lips of the terrified teen. I pulled her tighter
against my cock, forced it into her throat. She began to gag
as I stood frozen, my cock stuck full length into her face
and down her tight hot throat. My nuts
contracted and fired a hot, sticky, salty load into her
tight throat.

Karie was terrified. She thought he was going to choke her
to death with his cock. So this was a blowjob? The large
knob on the end of his cock kept trying to pop into her
throat. She did everything he ordered her to do to keep from
making him mad or hurting her. She licked and sucked the
awful oral invader, she laved the slick rod with her lips
and tongue, sucking and pulling with her lips
while trying to keep her teeth out of the way. But, it kept
going so deep and choking her!

 With a sudden shock, she realized he had just told her to
use her mouth on his cock just like she had her dildo on her
pussy earlier! How long had he been watching her, what
exactly had he photographed? Her mind was as full of
dread and fear as her mouth was of cock! Suddenly he pulled
hard on her hair and his cock rammed down her throat. She
gagged and choked, tried to pull back. She could feel the
cock head glide up and down her throat, her ears were
ringing, she knew she was going to pass out. Then, suddenly,
the cock pulled out of her throat and air flooded her lungs.
A gob of something thick and slightly salty
splattered into her mouth, then the cock rammed into her
throat again. She could feel the purplish knob expand and
contract as it spit something thick and creamy into her. She
could feel liquid jetting down her throat. Again, he pulled
it out and let her breathe. She sucked in air and began to
swallow to get her throat open. As she breathed and
swallowed, she realized, with a shock, he was pumping
semen into her mouth. Not wanting the cock into her throat
again, she began to suck and swallow harder, hoping this was
what he wanted. She could her the "slurp, slurp, gulp"
noises of her sucking, swallowing mouth working to keep up
with the creamy substance jetting from the end of his cock.

Yes Karie, yes, that's it, keep sucking, swallow, suck,
swallow," I crooned to her. As quickly as it started, the
rape of her mouth and throat was over.

Slowly, I pulled my softening cock from the gagging girl's
mouth. She watched as I slid it back out through her lips.
Her mouth opened a little wider as I pulled my plum sized
cock head out of her lips. Slowly, I reached down and
turned her face towards the mirror. She could see a white
string of cum hanging off her lips. "Suck it in, lick it
up," I ordered.

She watched herself in the mirror as her tongue reached out
and licked the sticky strings into her mouth.

"Clean it up," I ordered as I shoved my semi-hard rod back
to her lips. I watched in fascination as she watched herself
in the mirror licking the remaining strings of cum from the
end of my cock. She gently sucked on the end
of my dick with her bruised lips, like she was drinking from
a straw, as she sucked up the last of the sticky load oozing
from the slit in my shiny purplish knob.

"Get up," I ordered. Fearfully, she staggered to her feet.
"Kiss me, I ordered. "Do it right, use your tongue." Slowly,
she raised her lips to mine, kissed my mouth, slipped her
tongue between my lips. I returned the kiss.
Her mouth was clean, she had swallowed my whole load.

She felt one of his hands between her legs, probing her
slit. Another hand was at her breast, massaging, kneading
gently. He leaned into her and returned the kiss with more
zest. His hand left her breast and went behind her head,
pulling her into him. For several minutes, they stood,
tongues combating, a finger slowly entering her virgin
vaginal opening. Karie was terrified. She stood, kissing the
man who just raped her mouth and throat, he was forcing her
to kiss him, forcing her to use her tongue and lips on his
mouth as he was slowly inserting a finger into her pussy.
She squatted slightly, tried to spread open her thighs to
make the probing less painful.

She cringed and flinched, as she suddenly remembered the
only time she had allowed a boy to finger fuck her. He had
pull the crotch of her panties aside and quickly went
straight to her opening. Without any foreplay, he had
drilled his dry finger into her tight opening, forcing
himself into her up to the first knuckle. Kerry had quickly
jerked his hand out of her panties and chewed him out
for not being gentle. If he hadn't been in such a rush and
so insensitive, she may have let him fuck her that night!

I felt her squat and spread as I shoved my finger in all the
way. She hissed in pain and rose to her tiptoes. I began to
finger fuck her painfully and kiss her
brutally. "Nooo, please, mmmph, NO." She tried to back away.
I pulled my finger out of her pussy, stepped back and raised
the glistening finger to my nose. "Ohh, yes, nice cunt, nice
cunt, this is going to be very, very nice," I
whispered to her. I held the wet finger under her nose,
"smell your pussy Karie, smell this and taste it, open your
mouth and lick my finger clean!" I ordered. "Lick it clean,
practice on my finger because you're going to clean my cock
after I fuck you."

"Lay down, on your back, spread your legs, knees up to your
tits," I commanded. Terrified, she fell to her back and
scooted to the middle of the bed.

"No, no, no, not this way," she said to herself. She
flinched when he dropped to his knees by the bed. His head
quickly disappeared between her legs as an electric shock
coursed though her body. He was licking her pussy!

"NOOO, stop, please, no, stop," she moaned. He began to lick
her slit full length, even dipping lower and tonguing her
anus. She felt him probe her vaginal opening with the tip of
his tongue, he licked her labia and began to flick her clit
gently with the tip of his tongue. He started all over
again, licking her ass, trying to probe it with his tongue,
licking her inner lips, licking, licking, lapping and
slurping her juices. She suddenly realized she was raising
her ass to meet his tongue. "No, no, please stop, I can't do
this," she sobbed.

Laughing, I raised up to look at her through her wide spread
legs. "Push up, give me that little cunt, shove it up to my
mouth," I commanded. Slowly, she raised her hips while my
mouth lowered to her shiny wet cunt.

The electric shock surged through her again as he continued
to lick her pussy. She rapidly pushed her hips up and down
as he licked furiously at her dripping gash. Shamefully, she
turned her head to the mirror to watch him rape her with his
mouth. She watched as he inserted a finger into her pussy
and began to finger fuck her again while licking and
drinking her juices. She watched fascinated and repulsed at
the same time. Then she realized was humping up and down as
his finger got her into a rhythm.

"NAAHHH," she suddenly shrieked. He had slowly shoved a
finger into her ass. His tongue was still licking and
probing, now she had a finger in her pussy and one in her
ass. Her pussy was so hot was flooding her whole crotch. She
tried desperately to scoot back. He held her thigh with his
left hand and fingered both holes at once with
the index and middle finger of his right hand while licking
her clit.

I raised my head and looked at her, "pussy or asshole?" I
asked. "Wha, wha, what," she stammered. "Pussy or asshole?"
I demanded. Shocked, she realized his tongue had nearly
driven her to a climax. In the distance, she heard her
voice, tiny and afraid as she answered, "pussy."

He quickly dipped his head between her thighs and began to
lap at her gaping cunt again. "NOOOOOOOO," it was to late.
She felt all quivery and shaky inside, she was going to
climax. She squeezed his head in her thighs when she felt it
happening. He had leaped to his feet and fell upon her.
Before she could resist, he had shoved his cock up into her
vaginal opening just after the gigantic climax blasted
through her entire body.

"Look at me," I commanded. Slowly, she opened her eyes. "I'm
going to fuck you, right now. Fight me and I will hurt you,
cooperate, fuck me, give up that pussy, and I will make you
feel good, got it?" I asked.Slowly she nodded her head,
still not over the climax that had shaken her to the
core. UHHHH, she gasped as she felt his rubbery cock head
spread her lips and travel up her an inch, he was firmly
lodged in her opening. She was so wet she couldn't possibly
stop the advance, but she squeezed down trying to block his
entrance anyway.

"Watch my face," I commanded. "OHH," she moaned as I
advanced another inch. "Watch," I ordered again.

She stared at his hovering face as he slowly inserted his
cock into her wet channel. "Ouch," she gasped as he hit her
maidenhead. "Push up," he ordered. Slowly she raised her
hips as he firmly pushed down. "AAAHHHH," she cried as her
barrier ripped open and he plunged inside her searing tunnel
clear up to his balls. "ow, ow, ow, ow,"she sobbed. He held
still for a few seconds, slowly began to pull back. "Ouch,"
she cried out. "Ouch," again as he pushed in again.
He began to fuck in and out of her tender cunt. She cried
out at each pull and push while she unconsciously raised her
knees to give him less painful access to her newly opened
passage. Her legs wrapped around his plunging buttocks and
she held on tight as he began to plow her dripping wet cunt.
She could feel hot trickles of blood running down her thighs
and ass as he pulled out and
reinserted. Half in a faint, his groaning an echo in the
back of her mind, she began to respond to the cock rapidly
ramming in and out of her pussy. It seemed to her that her
pussy had a mind of it's own. She lay on her bed as a masked
rapist plunged in and out of her bloody pussy while her
vagina seemed to be trying to milk the invader. Slowly, she
began to push up to meet his plunges, her cunt walls
grabbing and sucking at the rampaging cock.

"AHHHHHH, AHHHHH, OHHHHhhhhhh," she gasped and bucked, her
head tossed side to side as she felt great hot gobs of cum
squirt up into her womb. She clutched at him, thrust her
hips up and kicked him with her heels. The second great wave
of a climax that night washed over her body. "NOOOOOOO," she
wailed as she fell back limply. Great electrical waves
washed over her as the climax subsided. "No one climaxes
when they are raped," she said out loud, ...but she had!

Slowly she turned her head and looked at herself in the
mirror. He lay on her outstretched body, his cock
slowly coming out of the juncture of her thighs as he
withdrew from her. She looked down at her crotch, a long
string of cum connected his cock with her pussy. Slowly it
broke off and fell to her gaping vaginal lips. "Oh no, I'm
pregnant," she said out loud. "This is the time of my cycle
when I'm extremely fertile, oh no, oh no," she sobbed.

"Get up," he commanded. Struggling, Karie stood up beside
the bed. She suddenly put her cupped hand between her legs
as she felt a wet gush drain out of her ravaged vagina.
Looking down, she saw her hand overfilling with sticky white
cum and specks of blood. Long ropes of her rapists seed
drained from her pussy and hand and slowly pooled on the
floor between her bare feet. "On your knees, get on the bed,
NOW," I ordered. Quickly, Karie crawled back on
the bed. "Turn this way," I ordered. I shoved her around a
little so she faced away from me. I reached over and grabbed
the shredded nightgown. "Put this in your mouth, I don't
want any noise," I barked at her. Kneeling on the bed,
gagged, cum leaking out of her ravaged vagina, blood
streaking her thighs, one hand sticky with his semen, Karie
awaited an end to her painful ordeal, hoping he had his fill
of her, hoping against hope that he would disappear from her
room right this moment.

"NUUUUUHHHHHHOOOOOO," she screamed into the gag. I had
teased her for five minutes, rubbing my cock up and down her
slit. Several times I had suddenly entered her from behind
and just as quickly pulled back out, trying to make her feel
like a bitch in heat. I suddenly grabbed her ass and rammed
in balls deep, and plowed her furiously from behind. Several
times I had pulled clear out and
plunged back in. Slowly, I pulled all the way out and
allowed my wet shiny cock head to spread her inner cunt lips
and pop back in. Each time I popped back in,
she uttered "uhh," and shook her beautiful little ass. Rape
or not, the little bitch was getting turned on! I did this a
half dozen more times and then started popping in and slowly
shoving all the way into her, balls deep, and holding
tightly up against her womb and very still. I would then
start all over again, pulling all the way out, letting my
cock slowly pop out of her hot tightly gripping opening,
then slowly shove back in and all the way up her red hot
little cunt. She was so tight I had to slowly force my way
up her steamy little tunnel.

Karie had lowered her head to the bed and tried to deal with
the fact she had climaxed while being raped and losing her
virginity. For a long time now he had been teasing her by
pulling out and slowly inserting into her again, shoving
slowly up to her innermost depths. Each time he pulled out
she heard a soft wet "Pop," from her pussy. The rapid doggie
style penetration felt so dirty, went so deep, it was so
good! "No," she suddenly told herself, "you can't enjoy
being raped, being used like a bitch in heat, kneeling on
your own bed while some masked stranger fucks you like you
were a dog!"

I gave her a good hard fucking, pulling my cock slowly out
and reinserting just into her entrance several more times.
Her cunt was grasping my cock trying to milk my nuts. I
rammed into her as I pulled back on her long dark hair and
started fucking her doggie in deep rapid thrusts. Grasping
her hips, I kept plunging into her up-thrust cunt from
behind. Slowly, I pushed her head to the bed while turning
her to face the mirror. I stood behind her, her ass jutting
up into the air, rapidly fucking her from behind while I had
her waist-length dark brown hair wrapped in my left hand, my
right hand holding her ass, keeping her
steady while I stared at us in the mirror.


Writhing and moaning, her cunt convulsing on his cock, ass
shaking and waving, she peeked at her rapist in the mirror.
She didn't care if this was rape, all fear was gone, she
needed this cock, had to have it, wanted it deeper, wanted a
scalding hot stream of cum to fill her womb and make her
climax. Wiggling her ass, trying to get more, she shoved
back at the rampaging cock while he controlled her movements
with her long hair in one hand and his other hand on her
ass.

She turned away from watching us in the mirror, raised her
head and furiously shook her ass as I plowed her from
behind. Her ass was waving and jerking as she
tried to get more cock speared up her wet slurping cunt.
Slowly I pushed her head to the bed and again. I could feel
her ass jerking, her pussy pulling and sucking on my cock.
She was as relaxed as she would get. I knew her back door
was mine now. I had fingered her asshole so it was loosened
up a little while I had eaten her. Looking at the wrinkled
little entrance, I could see blood and cum stuck to it. It
looked like a wrinkled little red and white bulls eye. "Now
is as good as ever," I said to myself as I pulled out and
slammed into the wrinkled little orifice. I couldn't believe
how easy the head of my cock popped
into her beautiful little ass. Her sphincter was relaxed,
totally relaxed and not expecting the sudden invasion. I
jerked to a halt as she shrieked into the gag and bucked
like a wild horse.

Suddenly, painfully, searing red heat flashed through her
ass as his rampaging cock pulled out of her vagina and
slammed into her virgin anus. "AHHHHHHHHHHHH,"
she shrieked into the gag. With only a split second
hesitation, her sphincter had suddenly popped opened and
admitted the long hard invader. Before she could
react, his cock was buried to his balls in her virgin ass.

My cock felt like it was being ripped off. She fought and
lunged as I struggled to main control of her, one hand
wrapped in her long hair, pulling back to keep her on the
bed. She tried again to lunge forward to get off my raging
cock. I could feel her asshole clenching and jerking as I
held on and kept my dick rammed into her wrinkled little
shitter. Looking down to where the base of my cock was
barely showing in her ass, I could see the wrinkles were
stretched out and the puckered opening was now stretched
into a tight shiny pink ring surrounded by a smoother and
wider ring of brown. I had my cock fully embedded
in her ass! Quickly, I pulled back on the long brown hair
and reined her to a halt as she tried again to gallop off my
rampaging cock.

Pain, pain like she imagined childbirth to be ripped through
her ass and up into her guts. She had done everything asked
of her, sucked his cock, fucked him,
cooperated when he ate her pussy and even climaxed while
being eaten and raped. Why would he hurt her so bad?

"Hold still," she heard him order. "Hold very still and
listen or I will rip your ass open!" She nodded her head up
and down. "Relax, try to help me fuck your ass and it won't
hurt so bad. Lots of ladies do this and you WILL too." He
emphasized the word will with a thrust of his cock.
Pain shot though her ass again. Nodding rapidly, she put her
head down and concentrated on relaxing. Each little push of
his cock felt like flames shooting up her ass.

She shook her head no and looked back at me pleading for
mercy. "Try to loosen up," I ordered. She pushed back at me,
trying to relax, trying to make her ass looser. Suddenly I
slipped deeper. "UUUHHHH," she moaned. "Relax, try to relax
again," I ordered. She obeyed, it really wasn't so painful
if she relaxed.

"Again," he ordered, "Again," Each time she relaxed, he
pushed a little more cock up her ass. She hurt, badly, but
relaxing and letting him have his way with her ass was less
painful. She was so ashamed, so embarrassed, this was so
dirty! What if her ass was ruined, what if she couldn't
control her bowels after he was through with this disgusting
act?

I watched as my cock slowly disappeared up her ass for the
fourth or fifth time. Slowly, each time she relaxed, I got a
little more in her. In five minutes, my balls were up
against her pussy lips. "Relax, concentrate on relaxing. I'm
going to fuck your ass for a couple strokes," I told the
terrified young beauty. Slowly I pulled back a couple inches
then began to shove back up her ass again.
I watched as her ass quivered and shook and her head shook
side to side silently signaling for me to stop. Jerking back
on her long brown hair, I held still and began all over
again. Soon she found out that thrusting her ass back and up
and concentrating on relaxing did help. I began a slow, deep
fuck of her beautiful round, oh so hot, ass.

"Damn baby, you are hot, tight and nasty. Look at you shake
that little ass!" She froze when she heard his words. "No,
not again," she said out loud to herself. He had been
fucking her sore ass for over an hour. The first time he
took her there she screamed when she felt the salty cum
squirt up into her raw bleeding ass. Gradually, the stinging
pain caused by the salty load in her tender anal passage had
subsided and she got a rhythm going with him again. She
could hear herself groaning and moaning as his hard rod
slipped up into her guts. She could feel the knob stretching
her anal passage. Her ass felt like it had an itch way up
inside, she had to scratch that itch. She looked at herself
in the mirror. She was on her hands and knees, her eyes were
glassy, her ass swayed and rocked as he plunged into her
back hole. With a gasp, she realized
she was watching herself push back at him as she tried to
milk his cock of another load of creamy cum.

I looked down and watched her fine round little teenage ass
as it rotated and swayed. This little bitch really liked it
up the ass. What a hot little fuck. I looked up at one of
the cams and winked. Karie would have a vide tape surprise
in a couple days. She would be especially interested in the
parts where she was pushing back on my cock, her tight
little ass shoving back, rotating frantically as her little
asshole tried to swallow it all, while she gasped, "deeper,
deeper, please, give it all to me!"

"UhhUhhUhhUhh," she moaned as I probed her guts with my
cock. "NOOOOOOO," she moaned when I pulled out. I flipped
her over onto her back and shoved her legs back up to her
tits while I reached down to the bag for the video camera
While the camera ran on, I told her to put my cock back in
her ass. Quickly she reached around and placed the head of
my cock up against her still gaping opening. I pushed in
slowly while she wrapped her legs tight around me and
moaned. "Yes, yes, ohhhhh, please, easy," then she groaned
and thrust up to meet me. I sank into her as deep as I could
in one quick thrust. Frantically, she shoved up at me,
trying to get my rock hard cock into the furthest depths of
her bowels, "fuck my ass, fuck my ass, give it to me, NOW,
FUCK ME IN THE ASS" she shrieked. "OUCH," she hollered as I
bottomed out and started gushing cum into
her bowels. "OHHHHHHHHHHHHH, AHHHHHHH YESSSSS," she moaned
as the steamy cream surged deep inside her. Quivering, she
jerked and wiggled trying to stop the salty stream from
stinging her as she quivered and bucked through a climax
that started deep in her ass and ripped through her entire
being.

I left her sobbing on the bed as I walked into her bathroom
and washed my cock off. I had meant to make her lick and
suck it clean, but I had other plans for her mouth. I didn't
want her to fight and struggle, I wanted a good blow job.one
for my video collection, and hers.

"No more please," she whined. For a half hour she had been
sucking my cock, spreading her legs while on her back and
smiling at the videocam while she fucked herself with the
dildo. I snapped shots of all the action with my hand held
digital camera.

"Come here," I ordered. While she watched the LCD screen
dumbfounded, I showed her the part where she begged for cock
and put my cock in her ass with her own hand.

"Ok baby, give me a little more of that hot little cunt."
Quickly she knelt on the bed and looked over her shoulder at
me. She looked over at the mirror and adjusted her position
so she could watch the action. I stood at the edge of the
bed behind her and slipped my cock up to her puffy red
labia. As soon as my cock touched the sensitive flesh, her
hand darted back and guided me between the folds to her hot
dripping pussy. I slowly slid into her honey sweet depths
enjoying the hot tight grip on my probing meat. "Uhhhh,
ohhh, yessssss," she gasped as I hit bottom and slowly began
to fuck her. The little bitch had broken
in fast and was in love with kneeling and taking cock up her
pussy or ass. It didn't matter, I had found out, if she took
it in the ass or pussy, as long as she was kneeling and
taking it doggie. I looked down at her submissive, kneeling
form as she began to rotate her ass and moan. Damn, this was
some fine pussy, the greatest little butt fuck I had ever
found, and it was all mine for the
taking.

"Slam," we both looked up when we heard the sound. Karie was
sucking my cock one last time before I left. It was still
dark, but nearly 6 a.m. Karie peeked out between the heavy
curtains and under the shade. "It's my sister," she gasped.
"What are we going to do now?" It was at that moment that I
knew Karie and I were destined to have a great time together
for years to come.

Continued with "Anne"

