Scarlet Dreams
byoutofthisworld95©

Scarlet Dreams Ch. 01

Scarlett woke up early as usual. She sat up on the bed and stretched a bit. As the quilt slid off her, she quickly remembered what happened lately in her life. She met a handsome guy who took her by force in a ferris wheel car and then basically made her into his woman, relying solely on his own charm and her newly discovered submissiveness.

She blushed when a thought popped up in her mind - "He fucked me into submission".

Scarlett shook her head and got off bed. Her D cup breasts bounced up slightly. She was now always completely naked as Lucas ordered her to. When he came up with that little rule, his reasoning was that "he liked the idea of being able to take her anywhere, anytime". She was surprised, but didn't object too much. It was a hot summer and after a short while she started to feel a little excited every time he got close to her, just as if she anticipated him to do something.

She walked to kitchen, trying to ignore two big windows located in there. These took basically the entire height of the wall and had no curtains over them, so she was sure that if someone on the street knew where to look, they would easily be able to see her completely naked.

She started making breakfast, which didn't take her too much time, as she had quite a bit experience in cooking. She then set everything on the table, just in time before Lucas walked into the room.

"Good morning. How did you sleep today?"

He asked with a smile, seeing her preparing everything.

"Morning. Pretty good, considering that we stayed up pretty late."

She answered with a shy smile, recalling events of the past night in her mind. Her pussy was still a bit sore, but they both had a lot of fun so she didn't complain. The only thing bothering her was that he almost always finished inside her and didn't let her take any pills.

He wanted to impregnate her and she subconsciously knew that, but either couldn't or didn't want to stop that from happening.

"Let's get to it."

He said, sitting on a chair and pulling his plate closer. She snapped out of her thoughts and got on her knees, crawling under the table. She got used to his enormous sex drive and knew exactly what to do. She pulled his penis out of his boxers and started pleasing him with her hand first. He quickly grew bigger and harder reaching full erection in just a few seconds. She pulled her face closer to it and licked the entire length, from the shaft up and almost like a reward, some precum instantly leaked out as it twitched in her hand.

She let out a quiet moan and took the tip into her mouth, licking off the fluid.

"Salty."

She thought, taking his penis deeper and beginning to suck on it.

"Good girl."

She heard from above the table. That only made her suck harder, bobbing her head up and down.

"Deeper."

Her commanded her.

She took a deeper breath and pushed him harder into her throat. A few weeks ago, she would have to fight a gag reflex, but now it was mostly gone as he thoroughly trained her in that field.

Now she mostly used her tongue to lick his penis and her hand to stroke the part of him she couldn't take in her throat. After a few minutes she could hear a sound of him putting down his fork on the plate. He pulled his chair back a bit and looked at her, now fully focusing on the blowjob she was giving him. That excited him even more because soon she could feel his penis twitching in her mouth and the amount of precum leaking out increased.

He suddenly put his hands on the back of her head and pushed her down, getting her to take almost his entire length in her mouth and throat. She gagged a bit but didn't struggle. A few seconds later she felt him twitching again and something warm flooded her throat.

"Swallow it, slut."

She had no other choice but to listen. She swallowed the entire load and pulled her head back a bit to lick him clean. In response he rubbed her head and smiled with satisfaction.

"Stand up."

Scarlett slowly crawled from beneath the table and stood up as he told her. She knew what was coming next and her pussy was already completely wet from anticipation.

"Get on the table."

She quickly took everything off the table and placed it elsewhere. Then she carefully lifted herself on her hands and laid down on the table, spreading her legs a bit.

"You are completely wet, you slut. Do you want it that bad?"

He asked, rubbing her pussy with his penis. She moaned and stuttered out.

"Y-Yes. Please fuck me, master. Use this slutty pussy as much as you want."

"If you ask so nicely."

He touched her entrance and pushed in deep. She let out a gasp and clenched her hands on the sides of the table as he spread her legs wider and pushed in even deeper. Her pussy welcomed him with ease and Scarlett moaned loudly. She already grew to like it.

He started to move, at first slowly, but quickly picked up the pace, ravaging her insides and making her pant heavily. The table started shaking a bit, but neither of them minded that.

"H-Harder..."

Scarlett stuttered out, closing her eyes and giving in to pleasure. In response, Lucas sped up even more and grabbed her breasts, squeezing them tightly. She gasped and subconsciously wrapped her legs around his hips, pulling him closer.

"You're a complete slut, Scarlett. You just can't go a day without getting fucked."

He said, clearly satisfied with that.

"Y-You made me this way..."

She replied, breathing heavily.

"Just admit it or else I'm going to stop. Who are you?"

"D-Don't stop, no... I admit it, I'm a slut..."

She looked to the side, embarrassed.

"I can't hear you"

He slowed down saying that.

"I'm a slut! I'm your personal whore, so don't stop fucking me!"

She raised her voice, desperate for him to not stop moving. He instantly picked up the pace again, satisfied with the answer.

"Yeah... I'm a fucking whore..."

She whispered, her eyes rolling back as a powerful orgasm hit her.

"We're not done here yet."

To her surprise, he picked her up from the table and carried to the big windows. She was still dizzy from the orgasm and didn't realize what he was doing, as he made her lean against the glass, with her boobs pushing on it. With Scarlett set up like that, he entered her pussy from behind and started fucking her again.

It took her a while to sober up from the intense experience and finally she realized what was going on. The entire front of her naked body was now completely displayed to random passersby walking on the street, all while she was still being taken by Lucas.

"N-No, everyone can see..."

She tried to cover herself with one hand, the other one still propping her up on the glass, but Lucas grabbed it and held back behind her, so she couldn't do that.

"Be a good little whore and do a little show for our neighbors."

He said, speeding up his moves. Her legs were still shaking from the last orgasm and she couldn't protest. She bit her lip in hesitancy as she felt another wave of pleasure coming. She closed her eyes for what seemed like an eternity, enjoying the amazing feeling. When she opened them again, she noticed someone standing on the street, clearly looking straight at her. Almost instantly she could feel her cheeks burning both from excitement and embarrassment.

"S-Someone's looking..."

She stuttered out, not being able to do anything about it.

"Oh? Yeah, you're right."

Lucas responded as if that was completely normal and expected. Then he added:

"I think he's pulling out his phone. You might be famous soon."

"Noo... I don't want to end up... on the internet..."

She protested weakly, still couldn't avert her eyes from the person that just starting either taking photos or recording her getting fucked.

Despite her weak protests, Lucas grabbed one of her boobs and started fondling it, just as if he wanted to show off Scarlett's body even more to their cameraman.

"I'm getting close. Get ready, slut."

He whispered to her ear and did one last thrust inside her, before filling her pussy to the brim with his sperm. She already got used to him doing that, but she still gasped and looked down at the sudden feeling of warm fluid shooting inside her.

"You should at least wave to our cameraman as a thanks."

Lucas laughed and pulled her hair with enough force to make her look up.

"I-It's already all recorded anyway..."

She whispered weakly and waved to the person on the street. Deep inside she knew that wasn't the most extreme thing they'd do and she actually looked a bit forward to their future adventures.



