The Party
by alexa_r

THE PARTY PT. 01

Master takes me to a special party.

I awoke to find Jon's note informing me of a party that they would attend that evening. His words were somewhat cryptic, telling me only that I was to be ready by 7 and that he would give me further instructions later in the day. I smiled, somewhat bemused and curious at what he had in store for me. It was His way to surprise me, even if with only a simple gesture or word. But at the same moment, I felt my stomach roll, my cunt clenching at what he might have in store for me. He'd taken me in public, but not really publicly and he'd never taken me to a party.

I dressed and padded from my room to find him, to try to coax a hint of what he'd planned, but after searching the house and speaking to his housekeeper, I found that he'd gone out for the day. "He was on his motorcycle" she said and didn't know when he would return. I spent the day reading, curled up in his chair, his warm scent emanating from the leather. I closed my eyes and pressed my fingers between my thighs at the myriad images racing through my memories. The images of depraved toilet sex. I shuddered at the memories of my first taste of his filth. My mind raced farther to the soft meadows of his gentle love. I came with a soft moan, lost in my reverie, suddenly starting with the fear that the housekeeper might have seen or heard me, but I was alone. Glancing at the time I arose and went back to my room to find to my surprise that a box with a note attached had been left on my bed. I smiled, he'd done it again. I knew not how, but knew nevertheless that he had done it.

I carefully opened the note and read. It instructed me how I was to prepare myself, to include exactly which bath soaps and shampoo I was to use. It also instructed me not to open the box until I was completely bathed and made up. I shivered as I read, he'd gone into very specific detail as to what makeup to use, the dark pink nail polish and lipstick and accompanying eye shadow I was to use.

I bathed, shaving myself very carefully as he'd directed. Unable to resist, I'd pressed my fingers between my thighs, cumming with a shuddering moan as my fingers slipped between the smooth, wet folds of my sex. I dried my hair and put it up, using his favorite sterling hair pin, before carefully applying my makeup; fingers trembling in anticipation of the box. Looking at my reflection in the mirror, I smiled at my efforts. He would be pleased. My face fairly glowed, I knew that that was his favorite look. Finally, I stood, trying to calm myself as I went to the bed and slowly opened the box, my eyes widening as I viewed its contents.

Carefully, eyes wide, I lifted the dress from the box. It was like nothing I'd ever seen before. The dress was of black silk, a delicate pattern of dark pink rising from beneath the bodice, up and over the shoulders and down to meet at the base of the "V" that formed the back. I raised it to the light, noticing that while not sheer, it had a diaphanous feel and look to it. The shoulder straps were perhaps 2 or 3 inches wide, reaching down to support semi-formed cups in the bodice. But the cups only supported, they did not cover the breast rather they led to a plunging "V" that stopped just shy of where my navel would be exposed. The lower front of the dress provided a devious symmetry as it was ankle-length, but split to within inches of where I would be exposed. I smiled, shivering at the thought of my exposure. The back mirrored the front, but the "V" was even lower; it reached to within an inch of dimples that framed the top of my ass cleft. I ran my tongue along my teeth as I realized that if I were not careful, the cleft of my bottom would be exposed. Feeling the flush rise from my naked breasts to my face, I carefully laid the dress down to inspect the remaining contents of the box.

I opened a second, smaller box that was with the dress. Opening it, a smile of delight curled my lips as I removed the items, a pair of nipple bars with stirrups and a matching clit bar. The bars were of white gold with matching stirrups and a diamond at one end and pink sapphire at the other. My fingers trembled as I removed them from the box and carefully replaced my simple gold bars with them. A shiver ran through me at the sensation of the diamond against my already tender clit. Did I have time for a third orgasm? Gritting my teeth and clenching my fists against my thighs, I thought "No! I need to wait!" and turned to get dressed.

I removed the black, lace-top thigh-highs from the box and laid them aside before retrieving the shoes. They were black velvet with 5 inch heels, a thin dark pink seam matching that of my dress ran up the rear of the shoe to a tiny black bow with what appeared to be a black pearl in its center. I was unable to prevent a soft "ohhhh" from escaping my lips as I examined the delicate shoes. Finally, putting them aside, I looked into the box again, searching to make sure that I'd missed nothing. There were no panties, that was so unlike Jon. Unlike other partners who'd preferred me pantiless, he was a stickler for them. It suddenly dawned on me that this night, this party would be different. I knew not how, only that Jon would surprise me once again.

Slowly I dressed, pulling the stockings up until they were within scant inches of my already smooth damp pussy. Next I slipped into the dress, marveling at how it fit me, blushing deeply as I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. A glimpse of how much of my body was exposed yet how much was covered. Slipping on the shoes, I took a long look at myself in the mirror. My creamy flesh was in sharp contrast to the black. The tops and insides of my breasts glowing alabaster in their daring exposure. Turning, I gasped softly at how low the "V" in the back plunged, the delicate dimples at the top of my ass cleft peaking teasingly from the edges of the material. My lips were parted in a soft whimper of desire and delight, "oh my god!"

"I couldn't have said it better myself" Jon said with a soft chuckle.

I started, not having heard him enter and twirled, eyes wide "oh Jon, I didn't hear you."

"Of course you didn't" He smiled, "who could help but be mesmerized by the vision in the mirror."

I blushed a deep crimson, lowering my eyes quickly, whispering "I-it's beautiful, thank you!"

Smiling, he motioned, "turn back to the mirror, you're not completely dressed."

Obediently, I turned, eyes flicking up as he approached from the rear, noticing for the first time that he was wearing a tuxedo; and allowing myself a wisp of a smile as I saw his cowboy boots.

Stepping behind me, Jon gently tilted my chin up so that I was looking directly into the mirror. He seemed to tower over me, even with my heels.

"It must be his boots" I thought, but knew that it wasn't. It was his presence. A presence I'd felt the first time I'd met him.

Reaching into his pocket, he retrieved an object, my eyes flicking down to his hand and then widening in shock, lips parting in a soft "ohhhhhhhh!" as he brought the necklace to my delicate throat.

I trembled as he fastened it around my throat, whispering as he did, "there are 31 black Mikimoto pearls, each separated by diamonds and pink sapphires that complement your lipstick, nail polish, and the embroidery in your dress; they are mounted in 18 karat white gold. Do you like it?"

I stood speechless, stunned, my heart hammering as if to break through my chest.

Chuckling, he said, "I thought you might, but you'll need these." And from his other pocket, he produced a pair of earrings; each one with a black pearl dangle, crowned by a pink sapphire and diamond, suspended on a slender rope chain of 18 karat white gold. Now I understood the nipple and clit jewelry!

As he fastened them to my ears, overcome with emotion, I felt my eyes begin to well with tears. Whispering tightly as I turned to throw my arms around his neck, kissing him, "ohhhh Jon, thank You! Thank You! Thank You!"

He smiled broadly, clearly pleased as he kissed my tears away.

"I think that you are undoubtedly the most exquisite creature that I've ever laid eyes on."

Laughing softly, I blushed crimson.

Kissing my blush, he smiled "the car is waiting, we should go."

Excitedly I nodded, "Yes, yes Sir."

He led me down the stairs, his boot heels a deep, resonant companion to the light click of my heels on the stone walkway as they walked through the foyer. He took a black lace, silk shawl from the table, wrapping it around me before opening the door. The sudden cool breeze brought a gasp and shiver to me as it swirled between my thighs, reminding me of my bareness there.

He opened the right passenger door of the Porsche for me. Sliding into the low seat, I was careful to spread my thighs wide, exposing myself. He insisted that I do so whenever sitting, regardless of the time or place.

Jon slid into the driver's seat and winked "seatbelt m'dear." And buckling his, started the car, smiling at my "shall we?"


THE PARTY PT. 02

We arrive and meet our hosts and guests.

As we drove to the party, I could feel my excitement growing, excitement with a little trepidation as to what was in store. As if he could read my thoughts, Jon reached over and pulled the "V" of my dress a little higher, exposing my pussy that was already beginning to glisten with the honey of my juices. His eyes firmly on the road, he pressed his middle finger just above my clit hood and lightly flicked the little gold ball of my piercing causing it to move ever so slightly against my clit.

I whimpered and panted softly, my hands gripping the sides of my seat.

"Ohhhh, god, what are you doing?" Knowing full well that he loved to tease me.

"Why, getting you ready for the party of course." He replied with a smirk and a wink.

I mumbled something unintelligible and closed my eyes, trying to control myself. I wanted to grab his hand and fuck his fingers into my glistening slit!

The guard came out to greet us as we arrived at the entrance to the gated community. He leaned down to ask our destination. I blushed deeply as a leering smile curled his lips as his eyes flicked over to me, my glistening cunt clearly visible between my parted thighs. He seemed transfixed by my wet slit until Jon raised his voice.

"Did you hear me?"

The guard stammered an apology and reluctantly turned his attention to Jon. "Uh, s-sorry sir, I just..."

It took all of my effort not to laugh. Not a cruel laugh, but one that one has when you see someone caught doing something they shouldn't.

"I know, you just wish that you could bury your cock in her cunt, don't you?" Jon smiled.

"N-no, y-yes. Uh, you can go ahead sir."

"Thank you, maybe you'll get lucky some time." Jon winked and putting the Porsche in gear, took off.

My focus thankfully taken from need, I punched Jon lightly on the shoulder and laughed, "'Maybe you'll get lucky some time.' What did you mean by that?"

"Just what I said. Maybe I'll bring you back, strip you and put you on your knees to suck his cock while he lets people in or maybe he won't have to leave to take his piss break."

I blushed again, biting my lower lip as the thought of that reignited the fire in my slit.

"Oh!"

Changing the subject, I asked Jon, "Who are the other guests?"

"They're several couples that I know." He replied.

Glancing over, he added, "They're here for you."

"Oh. OH!" I exclaimed as what he said sunk in.

I shifted in my seat and looked at him, "For me?"

He chuckled and nodded, "Mmmhmm. They know what kind of filthy, little, greedy slut that you are."

I felt the heat again as my face flushed and the heat returned to my cunt. "Ohhh. Y-you told them ALL about me?"

He smiled and teased, "Well, maybe not everything."

My eyes returned to the street, thoughts of every sort cascading through my mind. "For me?" I murmured silently as the flush spread from my face to my chest. I fought the impulse to ask what he meant, but knew that it would be a foolish question. I tried to focus on the street as we drove on.

As we arrived at our hosts' house my eyes widened, actually it was more of a mansion than a house. I thought Jon's house was big, but this must've been 10,000 square feet.

"Oh wow! You didn't tell me that they lived in a place this big." I exclaimed.

"I didn't? Well, they're fairly well off, don't you think."

Laughing, I replied, "Fairly?"

Jon came around and opened my door for me, as he always did, and I slid out of the low slung seat, the cool air hitting my moist slit, giving anyone who was near a clear view of my smooth, pink slit. As I stood, I pushed my dress back down to cover my stocking tops before we started up the steps to the house.

As we neared the top of the steps, the ornate glass and wrought iron door swung open and a couple stepped out into the porch light. The man appeared to be about 5'11" and stocky while the woman looked to be nearly as tall in her heels. He had a shock of white hair and looked to be quite muscular even in his tuxedo. She had black hair that was piled high on her head giving the illusion that she was even taller than she was. Her dress was shimmering black that came down to the floor. It was hi-lighted with a low cut bodice that clearly displayed her ample breasts.

The man shouted out a greeting: "Jon, welcome to our humble abode!"

Jon laughed, "Always laid back and low key David. Thank you."

As we reached the top of the steps, David smiled, "And this must be the lovely Alexa! Jon's description didn't do you justice."

Smiling, I blushed and extended my hand, "Pleased to meet you David."

He took my hand and pulled me close, kissing my cheek as his free hand slid around and over my bottom, kneading as he chuckled. "The pleasure is ours."

I jumped slightly as he kneaded, pushing against him I could swear that he had a hard on. And something deep inside of me, that need, sparked causing me to press my thighs together in an unsuccessful attempt to quell my need.

He stepped back and introduced his wife. "Where are my manners? Alexa, this is my wife Fiona."

I extended my hand again, "Thank you for welcoming us to your beautiful home Fiona."

Smiling, Fiona took my hand in hers and squeezing it lightly, leaned forward and kissed me on each cheek.

"Thank you for coming, Jon has told us all about you."

My cheeks reddened with a soft blush. "Oh, hopefully it was good."

She stepped back a half of a step and chuckled, "It most certainly was."

They ushered us into the foyer and David took my shawl.

"Thank you Sir."

"But of course." David smiled.

"My, oh my, that is an exquisite necklace, Alexa. May I?" She smiled as she ran her fingers over my necklace.

"Thank you Fiona, Jon gave it to me and the earrings to match. They're part of a set." I stopped myself from mentioning my body jewelry although I'm sure that she could see the outline of nipple jewelry through the dress.

Before I could say anything more she moved her right hand to my dress and slipped her index finger inside the bodice, just above the swell of my right breast. She lightly pressed her thumb against the outside of my dress and slid her fingers down until the tip of her fingernail grazed my areola.

"And this dress is magnificent."

I let out a soft gasp, my eyes fluttering for a quick moment as her fingernail moved, almost imperceptibly against my tender pink, now swelling areola. She reached over with her left hand to do the same with my left breast. My nipples, hard as little pebbles, strained against the delicate fabric of my dress. I pressed my thighs together harder, softly biting my lower lip as she looked into my eyes. I hoped that she couldn't see the sudden flare of lust flashing in my blue eyes.

I tried to murmur a thank you, but it came out more like a plea for more than an acknowledgement of appreciation.

"Th-thank you Fiona. Jon picked it out for me."

She winked, "I'm sure he did. Please, come and meet our other guests."

"Oh god!" I thought, my wetness growing. "Please just fuck me here on the floor!" My inner voice begging to be heard.

Regaining my focus, I took Jon's arm as we walked into what appeared to be study. A study with its own bar no less!

David announced, "Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce our guests. I think that you all know Jon, but you don't know the lovely Alexa."

"Well not yet anyway." He chuckled.

I blushed again and smiled, tightening my grip on Jon's arm trying to hide my nervousness.

Jon led me to the first couple, Robert and Holly. He was tall, about 6'3" and fit with dark, wavy hair. Holly was tall and slender with brown hair that cascaded over her shoulders.

"It's a pleasure to meet you Alexa," Robert smiled as he shook my hand.

"We've heard so much about you Alexa," Holly said as she leaned forward to kiss my cheek.

There it was again, they'd "heard so much about" me. I tried to push those thoughts aside before I said something stupid like, "Do you want to just fuck me right here and now? Please!"

Struggling to maintain my composure, I smiled back, "Thank you, it's a pleasure to meet y'all as well."

Next, I met Steven and Susan, they greeted me much the same way, a knowing look in their eyes as we exchanged pleasantries. Steven was just over 6' with a shock of white hair, Susan was his height in her heels. He looked as if he played football and she looked as if she'd just stepped out of a swimsuit catalog with her dark tan, shoulder-length blonde hair, and incredible figure.

The men wore tuxedos with cowboy boots and the ladies wore beautiful cocktail dresses. Holly's was cream colored with gold embroidery, spaghetti straps, and a slit in the front of her dress that was nearly as high as the one in mine. Susan's scarlet, strapless dress accented her figure perfectly.

"Now that you've met everyone, would you like a cocktail Alexa?" David queried.

Collecting my thoughts and focus from the couples who had evaluated me more than "met" me, I answered:

"Yes please, an extra dry martini with a twist."

"Do you have a preference for gin or vodka and if so, a brand?"

"I would love Bombay East, if you have it."

David chuckled, "Well it just so happens that I do."

My eyes enviously ran over the row after row after row of books on the shelves as I waited for David to build my martini. I thought, I could live in this room and never come out!

My reverie was interrupted as David offered me my martini, "Here you go, Bombay East with a twist."

Taking the chilled glass by the stem, I took a sip, closing my eyes briefly, savoring the cool elegance of the cocktail's flavors of Thai lemongrass and Vietnamese black peppercorn.

David smiled, "And?"

I nodded my approval and appreciation with a broad smile, "Sublime, thank you David."

Jon guided me to an overstuffed chair where I settled in with my cocktail, very conscious that I was the only person in the room sitting without crossing my legs and that from their viewpoints, they could see my moist slit, clit hood piercing reflecting the light every time I shifted in the chair. The black lace tops of my stockings a sharp contrast to the glistening pink of my pussy. The contrast acted like a spotlight on my pussy. That knowledge only made the heat in my belly intensify as we chatted and waited for dinner to be served.

I tried to focus on and engage in the conversation. My imagination played at the fringes of my consciousness. What did they know about me? What had Jon told them? Did they know how depraved I am? Did they know that there was very little I wouldn't do? Or more immediately, what were they going to do to me? Why didn't they just strip me and fuck the shit out of me right here and now?

I was torn from the demands of my imagination by Jon's voice:

"Alexa, Alexa! Are you with us?"

I laughed self-consciously, "Y-yes, of course."

He stood and stepping over to me, extended his hand, "It's time for dinner."

I finished the last sip of my martini and took his hand. "What shall I do with my glass?"

"Just leave it on the bar."

I nodded and placed the glass on the bar as we passed and headed for the dining room.

Jon whispered in my ear, "I could see that everyone was quite taken with you."

I replied with a light laugh, "I think it was my dress and jewelry that they were taken with."

He teased, "Perhaps a bit, but their eyes were all on you, probably remembering some of the things I told them."

I blushed again, whispering and squeezing his hand, "What did you tell them?"

"That you were tonight's entertainment."

My voice rising, I looked up at him, eyes wide, "What?"

"You heard me. This has always been a fantasy of yours, has it not?"

"W-well, y-yes. How am I going to make it through dinner?" I stammered.

"Oh, I have a feeling you'll find a way." He responded with a sly grin.

A flash of heat coursed through my body, my knees suddenly feeling weak, I thought that I was going to cum on the spot. I moved my hand to Jon's arm for support and tried to focus on just putting one foot in front of the other as we reached the dining room

The dining room, much like the rest of the house, was fabulous. Paintings adorned the walls with one wall's centerpiece, an ornate mirror that must have been six feet wide. Jon pulled out my chair directly facing the mirror and I sank into the soft embroidered cushion. Robert sat to my left and Steven on my right. Jon, seated across from me, was flanked by Susan and Holly. David and Fiona sat at opposite ends of the table.

Our first course was roasted baby artichokes with a delicious lemon aioli dipping sauce paired with a delightful Italian Pinot Grigio.

Raising his glass, David toasted, "Welcome again to our home, I hope you enjoy your dinner and your evening." The last words were uttered with a glance toward me.

Smiling, I raised my glass and sipped my wine, turning my attention to my artichokes. As I took my first bite and looked up, catching a slight nod of Jon's head. Reflected in the mirror were Robert's and Steven's faces, slight smiles curling their lips.

As I returned to my artichokes, I felt hands on my thighs, startling me.

Fiona smiled, "Are you alright Alexa?"

"Ummm, yes." I replied. "As my grandmother would say, a cat just ran over my grave."

"Ahhhhh, our grandmothers must have known one another." She chuckled.

The hands slid over the smooth surface of my stockinged thighs, pulling my legs wider until they were near the front corners of the chair, exposing cunt completely beneath my napkin. I tried to keep my focus on the artichokes, sipping my wine more quickly than I would normally. The flush rose from my breasts to my throat, my nipples now hard as little pink marble pebbles as the fingers danced higher to the lace of my stocking tops. Robert and Steven continued to eat and chat as if nothing was out of the ordinary. I could swear that Holly and Susan were looking at me, knowing exactly what was happening. Glancing at Jon, I knew he knew! I was sure that David and Fiona were equally aware and that they were all enjoying my "torment."

Their fingers slid higher until their little fingers stroked the ultra sensitive flesh between my stocking tops and cunt. I was almost panting with need. God, I was so close, I didn't care who was looking, I needed to cum. I didn't care that I was going to prove to them right at the dinner table that I was the filthy, little, greedy slut that Jon told them I was. I looked pleadingly at Jon for permission. He shook his head. A soft whine escaped my lips at his response as I fought to control myself.

I was only rescued by the staff as they came in to clear the table for the main course. Their arrival and activities prompted Robert and Steven to remove their hands. I hoped no one noticed as I tried to regain my composure. That of course wasn't the case as I noticed their smirks as they too quickly returned their attention to one another.

I excused myself to go to the restroom and pull myself together again. Closing the door, I leaned against the wall, closing my eyes, taking deep breaths to regain my composure. I was startled when the door opened and Holly entered.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I thought that I locked the door." I stammered.

Holly smiled, eyes sparkling, "I'm glad you didn't."

As I started to push myself away from the wall, but placing her hand on my bare chest, she stopped me. Her right knee slid between my stockinged thighs as she slipped her left hand behind my neck and brought my lips to hers in a deep, wet kiss. I moaned into the mouth, my composure slipping away again as I instinctively ground my cunt against her thigh. Our tongues swirled around each other, suckling, teasing as she slid her hand inside my dress to tease my left nipple, pinching and twisting causing me to grind harder as I moaned into her mouth.

As if she knew I was about to cum, Holly pulled away, her nails roughly grazing my nipple as she released it.

"Nooooo, please!" I whined.

She laughed, "Not yet. Jon was right, you are a greedy little slut."

"Now look at what you've done." She said as she pointed to the glistening wet spot that I had left on her thigh.

Without a second thought, I dropped to my knees and immediately licked my honey sweet juices from her thigh.

"Look at me." She ordered.

I looked up, eyes wide and glittering with lust.

"Open!"

Obediently, I opened my mouth as she released a long drool of spit into my mouth.

"Thank you," I murmured.

Offering her hand, she helped me to my feet. We reapplied our lipstick.

"Now let's enjoy the rest of our dinner."

Taking a deep breath, I smiled and nodded.

David welcomed us back to the dining room with a teasing smile, "Welcome back, we were wondering what kept you."

Holly chuckled, "Alexa was helping me with a spot."

I blushed bright red as Steven pulled my seat out for me. "It was just a small one."

Jon grinned, "I'm sure it was."

I was rescued from further questioning by the arrival of the main course. It consisted of prime rib with Yorkshire pudding, steamed broccoli, and roasted potatoes, and was complemented by an Argentinian Malbec. And fortunately, with the arrival of the main course, everyone's attention was focused on their meal rather than me. Dinner was concluded by a wonderful raspberry sorbet that was delightfully tart and fresh.

As I finished my dessert, the excitement returned accompanied by butterflies in my stomach. I knew it was time for the evening's entertainment, me!

Jon took my arm and held me back as the others made their way down the hall, deeper into the house.

Jon teased, "Are you enjoying yourself little slut?"

I looked up at him, my blue eyes sparkling with excitement, "Yes, oh yes, but god, I need to cum so badly I can hardly stand it."

He laughed, "So I noticed."

We began to walk in the same direction that the others had gone. Before we entered the room in which the others had disappeared, Jon stopped and turned me toward him, his finger curled beneath my chin, tilting my face to his.

"Now, this is what's going to happen when we go through that door. Your arms will be behind your back and I will address everyone. I will tell them what they can and cannot do to or with you. They will be able to use all of your holes; they will be allowed to piss on and in you; they will be allowed to spank and slap you; they will be allowed to fist you. They will not be allowed to severely mark you nor will they be permitted to shit in your mouth and finally, they will not be allowed to draw blood. If they break any of these rules, everything will stop and we will leave. Do you understand?"

"Yes Sir, I will be a good slut and make you proud of me." I whispered.

Kissing me softly, he replied, "You always do."

My heart fluttered as my eyes teared up momentarily.

Turning to the heavy oaken door, I obediently put my arms behind my back, my hands grasping my arms at my elbows and arched my back, looking straight ahead.

And with that, Jon opened the door.


