Title: To Lament the Pryce
Author: PhoenixDragon
Category: Angst, Darkness
Pairings: None
Rating: NC-17
Date: 06-07-05
Spoilers: None
Summary/Synopsis: Thoughts from an Ex-Watcher
Notes: A little piece created as a tribute to a lovely fic called Tatters, by Martha, thanks as always, to my mother (Croisanna) and my husband (Mike) for making me do this – I still have the bruises to show for it – if not, this and many other fic would be sitting in a dusty file folder somewhere.
Warnings: Some vagueness, some slashy hints.
Disclaimer: I do not, nor will I ever, own Angel or it's counterparts. Joss Whedon, Mutant Enemy, David Greenwalt, Fox, WB, ad infinitum own them. I'm just playing with them for awhile – I promise to hand them back in one piece...though as for the psychological damage –

His skin was a caress of cold, the iciness of it a bone deep chill, even when he was not touching you. But you are used to this now – used to working side by side with this monstrosity – used to the chill, the oppressing weight of his age –

Used to the odd smell of the ancient and long dead.

Funny to think that this was now a comforting smell…

Then there was the other side of it. The false warmth that burned like a furnace from his flesh – the smooth, unlined expanse of that flesh, previously white and blue with the pervasive chill, but now pink and overripe from his feeding – his age a looming monster across your bones, his span of Time a horror all it's own.

And the smell –

Of acid and copper, of water across leather – of age overlaid by youth.

You can actually handle the other – but after he had fed, after the heat of crimson liquid had poured down his throat to give him life – you want to scream, to gag, to run – even with the monster behind.

You want to bend down and wail at the twisted Darkness of the Universe – the same darkness you've delved into everyday, in books and tomes and ancient scripts – but it was not the same, viewing the darkness from a page, as it was when the Darkness breathed beside you.

Even worse when the Darkness tried to mask itself with the Light – drinking it in long, hungry draughts, to feed the glowing curse of the living into his veins, forcing it through his blood vessels to bring his mind to a fiery new life –

Staving off the Eternal Dark.

Yes, you much prefer the other…

It is more Real, more telling – it didn't cover the truth with the horrible lie, it didn't give back to the Damned what has once been taken – it didn't grant the soulless and the re-souled with those powers that had been removed – even if it was only a temporary fix.

It told the ultimate truth – that your friend, your boss, your worst walking nightmare, brought back to a half-life, when compared against the ordinary dark of your tomes, even against the commonness of what he essentially was – that he was out of place, that he didn't belong.

And that your friend, brother in arms, your companion, the keeper of your sanity –

Was the Insanity.

And that you feed it each day with your silence, and your friendship, and your own Darkness.

Until -

You could feed it no more.

And you welcomed the sweet bliss that was his Gift of Death, a Gift granted in his sane Madness of what he truly was –

As you fell into the arms of the Dark…