** SPECIAL NOTE TO READERS **
On May 7th this story will be available for FREE on Amazon Kindle as an ebook.  If you like reading this, I would ask you to download it for free and rate it (highly!) for me please. That way I'll keep writing more of this type of fiction.  Just search for 'Vulvoid' on the Amazon store on the 7th to find it.. There are 3 stories in total on Amazon, and they are all slightly different, improved versions, of the stories on this web site.  Thank you!!


The Vulvoid Transform  Prelude, Part 2

Stephen had become a vulvoid girl in the horrific live demonstration by Genetech for the awestruck Generals.  His friend Peter watched in shock as Stephen, his recently male friend ,was forced by her newly formed breast brains, to touch her feminized body.  The look on her face was one of despair  how it would feel to have a vulva between his legs, he couldnt imagine What kind of fucked up penis envy would any victim of such a sexchange experience? He shuddered and stared again at the panties covering an empty curved space between her legs.  Just an hour ago a penis and balls had created a substantial bulge in those very same panties He began to shake as unspeakable possibilities ran through his mind 

**********************

In the demonstration room, Doctor Taylor walked to Stephen and said now you are a girl, you need a girl name Im going to call you Ariel.  Your name is now Ariel.

No! This is not right!! Youve fucking well ruined my body! Im not a girl! Im not.. a ahhh ahhhhh!!!! Ariel wailed before grabbing her breasts in shaking hands and then shuddering as her breasts asserted complete control. n. no. I. ahhhhhh!!... Im a girl!  Im a girl I am a girl I am a girl... she spoke over and over, becoming calmer as she said it.  The look in her eyes however was haunted.. although her voice sounded calm and accepting it was clear her breast brains were doing the talking, not Stevens trapped mind.

Introduce yourself please asked Taylor

Hi everyone.. my name is Ariel As you can see I am a girl now this is my body now do you like it? she almost flirted.. 

Show us your new body Ariel Taylor instructed

She thrust her breasts forward See my ripe sexy breasts bet youd like to feel them.  She grabbed them, but not violently this time. She massaged them  her hands shaking slightly as it was clear Stevens own brain still was fighting for some control.  Look between my legs my vulva so sexy look at it  curvy and empty, wanting to be filled.  Oh look I have a Camel toe! and she spread her panty covered mound with her hands  sliding a finger along the indentation her labia made in her panties Ive got a vagina too its getting moist now, just thinking about you staring at my cunt Imagining your penis in my hand sliding into me penetrating me! Ohh!!! Yes!!! And she began walking around the room feeling herself, spreading her legs for each of the gobsmacked audience members to get a good long look between her legs and at her ripe C-sized breasts.

See how the breast brains control the host stated Taylor Unless the breasts allow it  the host is completely unable to control or express themselves but there is a nasty side to the intelligence in Vulvoid breast brains

What do you mean? demanded one of the Generals.

From what we have seen  the breasts seem to like to torment the host.  For example, we know the hosts hate how their breasts and vulva feel As former men they hate the sensations their girls body gives them The breast brains like to make the hosts suffer by heightening these sensations and forcing the host to experience things that are clearly very girls body sensations Taylor said

Such as?

Well its the simple things sometimes For example when a girl opens her legs far enough her labia separates and the vagina opening is exposed.. So we often see the host forced to just open and close their legs so they can feel their labia lips separate and then touch together again when they close.. I guess the feeling of a vulva opening and closing must be utterly alien to any man and clearly exaggerates the lack of penis and balls, the opposite-emptiness of a girls sexual organs  Often the hosts will be allowed to visibly cry and whimper, talk and even touch themselves while this is happening

Its a nightmare! screamed out Fiona as her legs began to open and close shaking as they did. You cant imagine how fucking wrong this fucking thing between my legs feels! Its so empty! I can actually feel the vagina inside me! Where my fucking balls should be! And the clitoris!  Oh god its its wrapped around my vagina! Its not just that fucking tiny pea where my cock used to be! There are these clitoral bulbs like legs inside these fucking lips between my legs! They puff up when Im being stimulated! The whole vulva lips thing swells! You cant imagine! she screamed out while feeling her vulva with one hand.

Enough free will Fiona, shut up! Taylor barked. Ariel get up on the bed, pull your panties down so we can see your vulva Gentlemen, please come forward to see

Ariel started shuddering as she robotically walked back to the front of the room, she pulled her panties to her knees  her eyes looking wild as she gaped at her bald vulva for the first time. No god please god that thing its not mine look at it! she whimpered as she climbed on the bed, lay down. The men crowded around, staring down at her.. She in-turn was craning her neck to see the curve of her pubic mound and the start of her puffy little labia lips at the front.  Nipples quite engorged, she nevertheless was crying.

Behold a perfect vulva Gentlemen.  Looking at this its almost unimaginable that this person this girl was a man just an hour ago. Exclaimed Taylor. With Ariels legs spread a little apart the curve of her labia lips was clearly visible, 4 inches long and near perfect.  Slightly puffy with no obvious protruding labia minora and only smallest of bumps near the front where her clitoral head was. Spread your legs wide apart for us Ariel

Ariels legs obligingly spread and as they did so did her labia lips  pulling apart to show her vagina entrance clearly. She stared at the closest general Help me! Pleeeease! I cant bear the feeling! Help meeeeee she wailed until she was silenced by her breast brains again.

Her vagina is fully formed and she is capable of reproduction almost immediately Taylor said We may even see something later tonight The host is generally very tired after the sex change though and often sleeps for as much as 12 hours after the transformation  

Taylor thrust his fingers into Ariels vagina and Ariel screamed Ahhhhhhhh!!!! Ahhhhhhh!!! No no no!!! Please god .get out of me!!! Oh my god I can feel your hand inside me!!! No!!! Not a vagina! Please god no help me!!! she screeched until she again shuddered and became silent as her breast brains again asserted control.

Do any of you want to feel Ariels vulva directly? Taylor asked

No why torment any further this is just horrible! said one of the Generals

Ok any questions? Taylor asked

Yes so what makes this a weapon? Why are we doing this? Asked the same general

Easy answer Two reasons as a form of coercion and torture  I doubt anything comes close to this.. .Show a subject another person transformed and I believe you will get any information you require perhaps even more after they are transformed.  The second reason is that Vulviod Girls are driven to reproduce That is to say their breasts force them to find and change other men into Vulvoid Girls Drop one behind enemy lines and she will start an exponential conversion of the men into girls.. each converted host becomes another propagator of the Vulvoid Conversion I imagine an army would quickly fall apart if they were being changed into girls left right and centre Said Taylor

Wow this is well shockingly incredible said one of the Generals  So what now?

We see how Ariel goes now what happens in the next 24 hours will let us know we have finalized the development.. Will the inherent programming of the breast brains work as expected?  Will the symbiot panties behave as we hope if so well over to you then! Talylor said.

One more thing.. Taylor once we know for sure this Vulvoid project is ready what will we do with our test subjects Ariel here can we change her back? A general asked

No its permanent and irreversable said Taylor

FUCK NO!!! NO!!!! Ahhhhh!! No please god dont let this be my body forever!!! You FUCKING CUNTS!!! Screamed Ariel

Shut up! yelled Taylor Its irreversible because his DNA has been changed The X-Virus is the thing that does all the work when the panties are injecting the host.. .The gusset of the panties makes huge quantities of the virus and the throbbing injects the virus into the host.  The virus changes the host cells destroying the Y-Chromosome and inserting a new Vulvoid-Specific X Chromosome.  Being XX, the host becomes female and the modifications in the new Vulvoid X Chromosome are the ones that trigger the development of breast brains.  We cant make a virus to change the X chromosomes to Y, because the host would become YY then.. and that chromosomal state results in death Its permanent  Ariel and Fiona were both crying and cupping their vulvas in their trembling hands.

Ok Taylor  well let us know what happens in the next 24 hours.  For the moment the briefing is over Said a general and the audience filed out of the room.  Ariel sat up and stared between her legs.

Pull your panties on and follow me Taylor ordered Ariel.

Ariels breasts forced her off the bed and forced her to pull the panties from her knees back up her legs.  They moved subtly once in place and she grabbed her crotch again and wailed. As Taylor left the room, Ariel followed  her breasts gently swaying and she winced at each sway  hating the alien sensation of swaying bobbing heavy breasts on her chest.  As she walked she stared down at her breasts and caught her reflection in the glass door, a lithe girl with an utterly female body  right down to her empty, curvaceous panties covered cunt. She sucked in a breath, utterly shocked at her reflection.  She wanted to run, screaming from the room to find a Doctor, Scientist, anyone who might be able to do something to put her back in a male body.. But her breasts had other ideas, so on she walked.

She followed taylor down a corridor until she came to a door, which Taylor opened with a keycard. She was pushed inside and Taylor slammed the door shut. The room was occupied by Peter  who saw Ariel and whose jaw just dropped.  Oh my god he said

Im Im a a. g Im a girl! They changed me into a girl! Ariel screamed. Look at me! She grabbed her breasts Ive got fucking breast brains!!! They are controlling me!!! I HATE THEM!!! She tried again to tear them from her chest. I CANT CONTROL MY OWN BODY!!!!  No!!! No!!! Ahhhhh!!! she raged

Wha wha what can I do?? I dont even know what to say! Peter cried back.

Ariel pulled her panties to her knees and thrust her pubic mound forward LOOK! Look what I have become! You cant imagine how empty this fucking thing feels! I HATE IT!!!.. My panties they feed off it!!! Its so flat! The lips! I can feel them open and close where my cock and balls should be when I spread and close my legs!. She began to sob again.  She walked to face the mirror where she stared at herself in disbelief.  She took in her ample breasts and the camel toe between her legs Look at me!... Oh my god oh god Ive got a vulva between my legs A vagina I actually felt that fuck-hole bore into my body when these godawful panties were on me!!!! and she began to touch it, feel it in her hands, sliding fingers along her slit and into her slitOh my god Im a girl! It feels so wrong! She began to feel feint and dizzy in shock passing out she fell onto the floor with her legs wide apart.  Peter was staring between her legs.  It was the most arousing sight, but the fact that this was his friend  a former man  now a girl, was so shocking he couldnt help tremble even as his penis swelled in his pants.

Ariel was unconscious for about 5 minutes before groggily coming to.. All that time Peter was staring at her bald vulva and breasts. Her open slit clearly showed her newly formed vagina entrance  pink and unimaginably female. Have you had a good look you bastard! Why didnt you help me! Ariel sobbed

I couldnt When I tried they said they were going to shoot me! Peter replied softly You look amazing!

Ariel whimpered If I were a girl I would be happy to have this body  but Im not, I was born male!!! I really hate this body! I feel just so helpless Oh god  The panties they make me wear I just want to die! Ariel said. Ahhh  These breasts  heavy.. with brains in them. fuck! I can feel them their intelligence! They have even changed my fucking name Im Im. No Im Ahhh Ahhhh and she grabbed her breasts again as her nipples swelled Im Ariel! and her nipples returned to normal allowing her host mind to speak again. God I hate this!

Im so sorry Im scared too What if you do to me what they did to you? Peter said in a scared voice.

Then youll know how it feels! Ariel exclaimed while Peter simply looked scared all over again Im so tired!  I have to sleep so tired and Ariel went to one of the beds, climbed in and quickly fell asleep.

Soon thereafter the light dimmed. Ariel slept solidly for 4 hours, while Peter sat on his bed and worried  becoming more and more tired.  Peter was just drifting off to sleep when he heard Ariel moan.  He glanced over at his friend, and saw that Ariel was still asleep, but she had a hand clearly between her legs and her exposed breasts showed engorged nipples She was being controlled again by her breast brains.. Her eyes fluttered awake and she looked towards her crotch. Oh god.. my hand its its fingering my my.... vulva!.. I cant stop it Im fingering myself again!!! No!!! no!!! Oh god my fingers are running up and down my slit!!! Please grab my hand! Do something! Oh no they no!!! Theyre pushing into my fuck hole!!! My vagina! I can feel my fingers inside me!!! HELP!!! Oh god its tingling.. no. please no! Im masturbating this fucking cunt!!! Help me!!!

Peter pulled the sheets off and saw Ariels frantic hand massaging her cunt  inside the panties.. She looked horrified and began to moan, begging for Peter to stop her.. He tried to grab her hand but Ariel suddenly yelled Touch me and Ill fucking make you a girl right now!... No!!! No!!! That wasnt me talking.. my breasts!!!! No!!! please!!! Im ahhh ahhh ahhh coming!!!! IM COMING AGAIN!!! VAGINA!!! SWALLOWING!!! she screamed again as her hips thrust into the air wildly in a spasm and her hand withdrew from her panties.. Her panties were saturated around her vagina with her squirting orgasm and the panties moved, writhing and thrumming over her vagina They are feeding on me god this is awful! My vagina It feels like its swallowing when I come! I cant bear being a girl! and she cried and cried until she was asleep again from pure exhaustion

Three more times that night Ariel was forcibly awoken by her breasts and panties and made to masturbate.  Far from getting used to it, each time became worse for Ariel as it began to sink in what she had become and what she would have to endure forever presumably.  Peter slept fitfully in between these screaming masturbation sessions  but he kept away from Ariel, afraid of her and the threat that her panties posed to him.  The last thing he wanted was to end up in a pair of vulvoid panties experiencing the unbelievable sex change his friend had undergone.

At around 6am Ariel was again awoken, but this time was different.  Instead of reaching for her emasculated groin, she was forced to get out of bed.  Her breast control was very firm this time, she was unable to speak.  Instead she again experienced her breast brains asserting control over even her speech Wake up Peter she said softly. She was forced to gently shake the sleeping Peter Wake up Peter I am horny!  Ariel was shocked to hear these words forced from her mouth surely her god-awful breasts wouldnt be so cruel Peter moved, awakening, and Ariel was forced to slide her panties off and get onto the bed so she was standing astride the awakening Peter When Peter awoke he saw a stunning nude girl over him  her legs astride his head and he looked up directly to see a perfect curved slit of her vulva.

What the fuck! he yelled. What are you doing!

Im horny Peter I need a man and you are the only one available.. I want to fuck Ariel said  although her voice sounded softer and shaky.
No! I cant fuck you! Even though you look so sexy I cant.. it wouldnt be right! Peter exclaimed

Ariel kicked the sheets off  Peter was nude underneath for some reason He had a raging hard on now.  Peter was speechless and breathless as Ariel began to squat  her labia lips pulling apart as her vagina was revealed and she guided it towards Peters engorged penis.  Ariel began to shake in horror, but her breast control was too strong.  Her vagina entrance touched the head of Peters penis and she lowered herself further as Peters penis penetrated her vagina for the first time. Her breasts were torturing her! Forcing her to experience something they knew his man-brain would find horrific. Ahhhh!!! God no!!! Ive been penetrated! I I have a penis inside my fucking vagina!!! Oh god no!!! This is what a girl feels when she has sex!!! Its its so horrible!!! Noooo!!!! screamed Ariel before her breasts took control again Sorry .for some reason my stupid host doesnt like this Your penis stretching my hole wide sliding past my labia lips just like a girl is meant to feel!

You dont have to do this! Peter exclaimed while clearly enjoying the sensation of being deep within such a sexy girls vulva  even if this girl wasnt meant to be a girl Ariel began thrusting her hips up and down so Peters penis slid in and out of her.. She glanced backwards and saw the penis within her vulva  her lips encircling the male member Tears began to leak from her eyes at the sight and feeling.  What was a horny girls dream was a mans worst nightmare. But her breasts forced her on, bucking harder and harder until she could feel the contractions deep within her pelvis and the swallowing sensations of her vaginal muscles as she came for the first time from actual penetrative sex.  Peter was grunting as he too came. She was forced to stand again and Peters spent cock slid from her  he stared in part horror at her closing vagina as she grabbed between her legs and continued to finger herself before coming again  thus time squirting copiously as she came all over Peter and the bed.

Oh my god!!! Oh no no this is a nightmare! I cant believe I just experienced fucking girl sex! It feels so wrong! These fucking lips between my legs.. your penis sliding against them! Inside me! So deep!!! Oh god I hate being a girl!!! Ariel wept as she sat down, cupping her vulva in her hand and rolled into a foetal position next to Peter.  These breasts forced me I couldnt control it!... No please god help me!!!  I hate how this vulva feels! You cant begin to imagine!! You cant!!! she wept for about 10 minutes then seemed to fall asleep again.

Peter eventually fell asleep also, and had a nightmare in which he became a vulvoid girl in the same way that Steven had.  At around 6.30am the next morning there was a loud sound that woke both Ariel and Peter up.  Looking around, a doctor stood in the doorway win an armed escort and told Ariel to get up and follow them. Please Doctor please!!! Help me! I cant bear being a Vulvoid Girl! You have no idea how horrible it feels! These breasts control me! Ariel screamed while grabbing her breasts and trying to hurt them in her shaking hands. The Doctor ignored her pleadings, told her to follow and left as  Ariels nipples swelled again. She choked off a sob as she was forced to follow the doctor and guard.  The guard was staring intently at Ariels ripe breasts and ever-so-female groin. He shuddered as she passed him, then turned and locked the door so Peter was alone.

Ariel was taken to a medical examination room with a large CT scanner in it. She was ordered into the scanner and she lay there while the big machine hummed, presumably scanning her body.  After 10 minutes the scan ended and she was ordered out of the machine and told to lie on an examination table. A large screen adjacent to the doctors desk brought up the imagery of her body as one of the Generals from the previous day walked in.

Good morning Doctor.  Please show me the mamobellum scans you spoke of after our subjects transformation yesterday said the General

Of course the Doctor said, and adjusting some controls on his desktop computer, the large display changed to show what was clearly Ariels nervous system. Ariel stared in slack-jawed horror at the image. Of course there was a human brain at the top of the display, and a clear spinal cord with numerous branching off into her limbs. But at the front were two objects that each looked like a smaller brain  where her breasts were. Coming from these hideous breast-brains were two thick nerve trunks that fused somewhere within her chest into a thicker nerve trunk that made its way to her neck.  As the doctor rotated the image pointing out the breast-brains and the primary interface nerve, Ariel could see the place within her neck, near her skull where the breast brain nerve fused to her own brain stem.  Ariel grabbed her breasts and screamed again, tearing at them like never before. The harder she squeezed the shorter of breath she became and eventually she passed out, her hands dropping to her sides.  When she awoke the Doctor said Just so you know, your breasts now control your heart and breathing  if you damage them you will die might want to remember that next time you get the bright idea of tearing them off your body

Fuck you! You fucking bastard! You monster! What kind of sick fuck would develop these horrendous fucking panties and virus to do this to someone! Ariel raged at the Doctor.

Im just doing my job now shut up in fact you should feed your panties now so please masturbate for us the Doctor said. Ariels jaw dropped again, then she gasped as her breasts took control and through tears her hand moved between her legs and she began to masturbate. She whimpered as she felt the living panties fabric slide up and down her slit  but she could not prevent her masturbation nor her arousal.  Within 5 minutes she came, shuddering and horrified.

After her panties had been fed, the Doctor, with an intently watching General spent the next half an hour examining her body in detail.  He measured her breast size, her vulva slit length.  He took many photos and made her scream and cry again when he did an invasive vaginal internal examination.  Finally he put some strange vacuum like apparatus on her breasts, two clear plastic domes which encircled her entire breasts and had a tube leading away to some machine.  He turned the machine on and she felt her breasts under suction.  The doctor then held up photos of nude men in front of her disbelieving eyes. These men need to become girls you need to change them they have no right to their penises while you must endure girlhood.  You must immobilize them or they will get away!  This was crazy talk, yet her nipples swelled then she felt a bizarre squirting sensation from them  she stared in disbelief as a clear liquid sprayed from each nipple and was sucked up the vacuum pipes.

What is that? the General asked

Its breast spray  a nerve agent that the Vulvoid Girl uses to immobilize her intended conversion victim.  It causes complete paralysis other than breathing and heart beat and allows the girl to be impregnated, birth and attach the panties to the new host without a struggle. Im taking samples to check the potency, and perhaps to use in some more experiments later

All Ariel could do what quietly sob as she lay there  unable to move herself  even more horrified about what she had become and the foul appendages on her chest.  Ten minutes later she was taken back to her room, where a scared looking Peter remained. Peter oh god.. I saw my breast brains on a CT scan! Saw the nerve fibre attached to my brain stem! These fucking breasts! Oh god they they they have a spray that immobilizes on contact they kept talking about when a vulvoid girl converts a host! Thats me they are talking about! Getting raped by these fucking panties! Giving birth! Noooooo!!!!!!! Noooooo!!!!! Help me!!! Please someone help. Ariel raged and begged while clutching her breasts in horror The armed escort ordered Peter to follow and he left the room quickly, terrified by the thought of being locked in there with his transformed friend and her breast brains

Peter was taken to the same examination room and told to lie in the same CT machine.  He demanded to know what was happening and the Doctor simply said measurements and observations before and after

Before and after what! Peter yelled You arent going to turn me into a fucking Girl! I wont allow it!  But the Doctor ignored him, and then became exasperated and took a small pump spray from his drawer and sprayed Peter in the face.

Breast spray he said, while Peter became limp Peter could not move, he was terrified, while the Doctor removed his clothes and began photographing his body  especially he chest, penis and balls. All Peter could think of was that the Doctor wanted a photo of his male body so he could compare it to the girls body Peter would soon be in He wanted to scream and run, but was powerless to do anything but watch  An hour later the examination was over and Peter could move again, he was ordered to put his clothes on again and was taken back to the room in which Ariel awaited.. He was shaking  terrified Begging but they ignored him and simply opened the room door and pushed him inside

Ariel was asleep on the bed.  She looked so innocent, so utterly female. Under any normal circumstances, he would have been the happiest man in the world to be in there with such a girl.  But the fact that this girl was a man only a day ago, and that the sexy blue panties she wore were the very things that changed that man into the girl, made him shudder  He walked over the Ariel and stared at her sleeping form, noticing her breasts and trying to imagine what it must feel like.. Then he stared between her legs.. her panties barely concealed a near perfect camel toe slit, 4 inches long right where Stevens penis and balls were the day before What must it be like to have that emptiness between your legs? Lips that opened when you spread your legs a vagina! A birth canal pushing inside He was terrified that he might find out soon

He turned around and noticed there was food in the room.  Much of it had been eaten, presumably by Ariel  no doubt extremely hungry after her sexchange had sapped so much energy from her body.  Peter realized he too was unbelievably hungry and he ate all that remained then became overcome with exhaustion.  All the fear and shock finally got to him and he fell into a near-coma sleep.

Around 4 in the morning Peter was woken by whimpering.  He looked around and saw Ariel on the kneeling, legs apart on the floor  staring between her legs. She periodically grabbed her crotch and each time she did her whimpering became more pronounced.  Whats wrong? Peter asked in a trembling voice

Look! Ariel gasped and she removed her hand so Peter could see the panties gusset It had a bulge in it.. and as Peter watched it grew before his eyes. My panties! I cant get them off! Theyve dug into my skin around the edges! I can feel the fucking gusset swelling! Oh my god.. just like yesterday!  Im going to be raped! Peter! Help me!!!!

Peter shot of the bed and ran to Ariel. He realized that her breast brains would soon force her to spray him and then it was game over  he was as good as a girl.. So he did the only thing he could think of, he punched Ariel in the breasts Hard Ariel screamed, grabbed her breasts and fell sideways  gasping as her breast brains stopped controlling her breathing. Why? she whispered.

Sorry.. oh god.. Im so sorry but I cant let you change me into a girl! I couldnt bear it! Look at what youve become!... I had to stop your breast brains sorry! and he started to cry he felt so ashamed.. yet it was all he could think of.. he looked away in disgust with himself A few moments later he heard a noise of a latch closing.  He spun around and saw that Ariel was gone, she had locked herself in the bathroom! Steven!... I mean Ariel oh whatever what are you doing!

My breasts they hurt youre going to kill me! If my breast brains get too damaged I stop breathing I HATE being a girl.. but I dont want to die Oh god this is a nightmare. FUCK!!!! The gusset is so big now!!! Im scared!!! Its moving! No!!! Its twitching!!! Squeezing into me!! Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!! No No!!!!!!! No!!!! Its pushing my lips apart!!! No!!! Its Its!!!! Ahhhhhhhh!!!! Inside me!!! Fucking panties penis slid inside me! HELP!!!! PLEASE GOD NO!!! Sliding out! Fuck in and out fucking panties penis is sliding in and out of my vagina! They are raping me!!!! Ariel screamed the rape took perhaps 3 minutes.  As hard as it was for Peter to hear, he could barely imagine what his friend must be feeling. Having living panties thrust in and out of a vulva you were never meant to have, knowing they are impregnating you  must be beyond horror When she came she wailed and cried Ive been raped these fucking panties have inseminated me!!!! Im going to give birth! Ahhhhhhhhhhh

Peter did not know what to do.. his friend had been impregnated and he knew she would soon give birth to living Vulvoid Panties intended for him.. He was shaking uncontrollably with shock.. Ariel on the other side of the door just sobbed and groaned as the Vulvoid Panties zygote grew within her girls womb. She did not respond to Peters questions She lay in a foetal position, her belly growing so fast it shocked her to the core Perhaps 30 minutes later she felt her breasts tingle again and then was shocked as her nipples suddenly expanded and her breast-brains took complete control.  She sat up, feeling awkward and staring at her bulging belly.  That was when she felt her first contraction  she sucked in a lungful of air in response to the pain. Her hands went to her breasts and she was forced to grab them in such a way that she would be able to aim the spray from her nipples.. She opened the latch to the bathroom and Peter spun around as she slid the door open a crack and, seeing Peter close-by, felt her nipples spray the immobilizing spray.  Peter was hit in the face, whimpered and screamed then fell into the bed  unable to move.  Tears streamed from his eyes as the enormity of the sudden knowledge he was going to become a Vulvoid Girl sunk in.

Ariel walked into the room  Peter was even more shocked to see her swollen belly. She slid her panties off, and walked over to the bed. Her perfect vulva inches from Peters eyes. Have a look  you are going to have a vulva just like this oh so soon Its so flat and empty  no more penis no balls a slit and a hole just like me and she smiled in a taunting way, clearly completely controlled by her breasts Slowly she took off Peters clothes and periodically she grunted as her birthing contractions came more and more often  The contractions were coming every minute or so now, and it was agony for Ariel.. God help me Im giving birth! Its such a horrific feeling! Peter.. .Im so sorry! My breasts  controlling me!!!

Unbelievably she then got onto the bed, turned around and straddled Peter on all fours so Peter was staring right up at Ariels vulva.  Ariel screamed and panted and Peter saw her vulva push forward as the panties moved in her vagina towards her entrance.  It looked like agony, and Ariels reflection in the mirror said it all. She screamed again and her widely distended vulva began to split open  the milky blue surface of the panties in their birthing sac came into view. Over the next 3 minutes it forced her vagina open and her labia lips stretched unbelievably around this most horrific object. Slowly it oozed from her vulva entrance as she screamed and screamed, until it finally came free and fell  landing in a wet plop on Peters face before sliding to the side onto the bed. Peter then saw Ariels vagina hole  stretched wider than he imagined possible, slowly start to close. He could see every wrinkle and ridge of Ariels poor vagina.  He was hysterical, sobbing, wishing beyond hope he could move  flee so the hideous panties near his head would not be placed on him but it was not to be.

At the side of his head he could feel and just discern in his peripheral vision, the writhing of the living panties within the birthing sac. Clearly they were desperate to escape their watery membrane confines and find a host him Ariel got off him, tears streaming down her face and with shaking, shuddering hands she grabbed the panties birth sac, and held it over Peters penis. She squeezed hard until it ruptured, when a torrent of water and the panties themselves spilled from the ruptured form and landed in Peters groin.  The panties clearly sensed a male body and moved on their own, first encircling Peters penis while Peter looked on with terrified eyes. Then parting flowing, the actual edges of the panties providing the propulsion with the elastic looks actually crawling like millipede legs In less than a minute they were properly on Peter and stretched tight to enclose his doomed Penis and balls.  Peter was trying to scream as he felt this alien sexual presence entrap his manhood.  He winced in pain as the panties elastic-look edges actually dug into his skin, firmly anchoring the living panties to his body.  Ariel just stared on, one hand cupping her bald vulva and the other a breast  she was whimpering and crying again.

Peter felt a squeezing sensation near his balls as the gusset itself began to swell, then he felt a shocking sensation of something within the panties moving some kind of appendage was snaking out of the panties gusset, sliding past his balls and up towards the front of the panties.. He knew it was the panties umbilical He shook with fear as he felt it approach his penis head, then cried out as he felt the umbilical attach  encircling his penis head, flowing half way down his shaft and holding fast.  He then felt some tube push painfully down his actual penis hole  it was agony!  He knew what would happen next, and that made it all the worse.. The gusset expanded again, his balls squeezed till they hurt in the confines of the panties. He felt the gusset begin to squeeze and pulse, growing in intensity as it flexing its muscles.  Then he felt a pain unlike any he had felt before as the panties gusset bulge suddenly and violently deflated  the contents of the swelling pushing through the panties umbilicle and into his penis. He felt like his penis was going to explode the pain was so intense. He could feel fluid being pumped from the hideous panties gusset into his body  via his penis!  Again the panties engorged and again his penis was injected. The panties engorging and deflating injection picked up pace until it looked as though he had some bizarre heart between his legs, beating, pulsing, throbbing He knew that the fluid entering his body was a DNA altering retrovirus that was going to attack and reprogram his very cells  making them female, with special Vulvoid Girl coding to ensure he would grow breast-brains.

His eyes pleaded with Ariel, who was speechless watching the carnage unfold between his legs. All he could do was watch and feel the beating panties and his defiled body.  After about 10 minutes the pain in his penis began to subside  worryingly it felt a little numb.  He felt sick  his body under attack from the converting virus the panties were injecting him with But it was a tingling sensation on his chest that made him really begin to panic. He felt nauseous and almost passed out, only to come round 15  minutes later to a sensation he could never have imagined Swelling nipples! He was able to weakly scream now and he did so as he felt the nipples gain girl proportions, then he felt the swelling continue under the nipples. He was growing breasts! The lumps under the nipples grew and grew, rising up off his chest and swelling before his dumbstruck eyes. . They swelled and swelled while he screamed and begged for the panties to be removed.  In less than 5 minutes he had ripe size C breasts thrust up on his chest. The breasts were so heavy! He stared in horror at the massive bulges on his chest, knowing that within them were a brain like structure that was going to control him like some girl puppet and force him to endure the most horrible things a man could imagine He now knew what a girls breasts felt like! But the breast growth horror was not over, because he felt something pushing actually inside his chest from the back of each breast  pushing into his chest itself like some slithering cold snake.  Ariel stared at his new breasts and simply said your breast brains are attaching to your own brain now just like these fucking things on my chest! and she grabbed her breasts again and tried to pull them off her body.. only to shudder as her breasts took control.  Her breasts seemed to want to punish her for trying to hurt them, so while he felt nerve fibres push up into his neck, she was forced to spread her legs and insert fingers and finally a whole fist into her vagina!  She was screaming and he was also  as the final stage of the breast-brain wiring up occurred. The fat nerve trunk from the breasts reached his brain stem and began wrapping around and into it. It was the most horrific sensation yet and his whole body shook and writhed as his brain and the breast-brains fought for control of his body.  Nis nipples engorged rapidly and when his hands left his side of their own accord and grabbed his breasts  he knew the breast-brains now were his master.

God help me! Ive got breast brains controlling me!  You fucking bitch!!! You bitch!!!! Nooooooooo he screamed and raged.  His hands were gently squeezing and feeling his new breasts  he could scarcely believe he was experiencing that sensation, from a girls perspective. They soft yet large fleshy globes beneath his trembling hands were so sensitive  so heavy! He wanted to crush them, pull them off, but he couldnt control his hands!

He was so focussed on his breasts that he almost forgot that the panties were still changing him further.  The numbness of his penis had spread and now he could barely feel his balls  when he glanced down to his crotch, he screamed again because it was so obvious his penis had dramatically shrunk! Each time the panties deflate, you could clearly see the penis and balls trapped within their living fabric  and they were now half the size they had been before.  He felt a sensation like he had been kicked in the balls and saw the bulge of his balls disappear completely as they migrated inside his body  presumably changing into ovaries as they went. He was begging again not be become a girl, when his back arched and legs spread involuntarily and he felt his whole pelvis widen into a girls pelvis, making room for his imminent birth canal. His pelvic bones crunched and contorted, hips widening and the open area between his legs spreading further. Staring in disbelief he saw the panties looked so much more female between his legs, the shape they hugged now had the puffy rounded quality of a girls pubic mound. The mound of venus was right there between his legs! As his hip widening reached his climax he ceased arching his back, exhaustion now taking hold he moaned softly, hearing a girls voice escape his throat for the first time. Again he screamed, this time as a girl, which made him scream all the more Yet despite his angst, the relentless panties continued to beat and throb between his legs, injecting more and more of the virus. His penis finally completed its absorption into his utterly female looking mound. He felt a desolate emptiness between his legs, but even that sensation was to become more welcome than the one that replaced it.  Near his arse he felt the lips of his soon-to-be labia begin to form.  It was such a horrible sensation to feel his own skin thicken and then separate, he screamed uncontrollably, begging for the process to be stopped and while staring at the reflection in the mirror of his crotch. What began as a small indent soon progressed both in length and depth as it cleaved its way into his groin. He couldnt believe he was feeling a slit opening up between his legs, he saw the camel-toe indentation near his arse lengthen with each pulsation of the hideous panties.  Over five minutes the slit reached 4 inches in length  ending where his penis used to be. The sensation was so alien, so utterly female he was unable to accept it. He could actually feel the lips open, he didnt have a bulge between his legs any more  he had the opposite. Yet even that feeling he would have paid untold sums to keep, compared to the sensation that came next.  Within the folds of his newly formed labia lips, he felt a pushing sensation. The sensation grew and grew and he just knew it was a vagina burrowing into his body from the inside of his new girls mouth.  There were no words applicable, nothing he could do but scream vagina! VAGINA!!! over and over as the birth canal grew into him. Five minutes later the pushing sensation ended as the new vagina fused with his newly grown cervix and womb. He knew he was a girl now  he could be vaginally fucked! Penetrated! Impregnated and even give birth. Her whole vulva didnt just feel dickless, it felt utterly invasive  desperately empty.  And still the panties continued to beat.  She was speechless! What else could they do to her! And then she felt it Most men and even some girls have no idea that a clitoris is not just the tiny peanut sized thing at the front of a girls slit.  There is more to it There are bulbs for example, engorgable tissue that run from the clitoral head down the inside of the labia majora  these bulbs swell when a girl is sexually excited and cause her vulva lips to puff up and transfer more of the motion of vaginal penetration to the clitoris head. Similarly there are a pair of leg-like extensions that also run from the clitoris head but within the groin to meet and touch the vagina internally itself  again these transfer motion from vaginal penetration to the clitoris. Its almost like a hand, grabbing the mound of the girl. This is what Peter felt form between his legs. As the hideous bulbs and legs infiltrated his labia and groin, she felt the first stirrings of a truly female sexual heat between his legs.  She hated the feeling utterly and, now almost incoherent with torment, begged again for the sensation to end and his manhood to be restored. This was not to be.  Another five minutes and the panties ceased injecting and released their hold.  Like Steven before, Peter grabbed her new vulva in a shaking hand  feeling it directly and for the first time knowing what a girl feels when her vulva is cupped. Her new lips slid beneath her fingers, she screamed and the desolation she felt, then slid her hand into her panties directly, touching her new labia lips and pulling them in a hateful way Her breasts then took control as she screamed, she was forced to finger herself for the first time. The sensation of her fingers sliding between the lips, and into her actual vagina was too much.. She passed out for a moment.  Even in unconsciousness, her breast-brain controlled hands frantically fingered her vulva until she came in her first squirting female orgasm.  Peter awoke to find her new vagina making horrific swallowing contractions and her panties slithering over her new cunt, as they absorbed her recently gushed vaginal lubricant.  Slowly her eyes swung up to meet the tearful eyes of Ariel.  I I Im a..
Girl. Youre a vulvoid girl now like me! Ariel said A fucking Vulvoid Girl!
My name Ahhhh is. Now.. ahhhhh!!!!!! Peter said grabbing her breast brains in her shaking hands  forced to speak by the very same breast brains my name is Fiona! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! NO!!! IM A GIRL!!! A GIRL!!!! I HATE HOW IT FEELS!!!... these FUCKING PANTIES have DESTROYED MY BODY!!!!  Both girls then grabbed their panties, pulled them down and exposed perfect bald vulvas with the neatest and most female camel toes Staring between their legs, and in unison, they screamed in unison as their breasts forced them to slowly spread their legs and they saw their lips separate and open up like some alien mouth.  But the worst was yet to come

To be continued...

   VISIT THE VULVOID HOME PAGE AT:
http://www1.asstr.org/~SexChange/index.htm