As I stand before you in just my delicate pink satin robe, the urge to toss it aside and climb on you lap is strong. I ache to feel your strong muscular arms wrapped around my soft body. My supple breasts are standing at attention just awaiting your touch. The nipples are poking the satin - showing you how much they desire your caresses. I close my eyes and savor the feel of your fingers as you slip the knot out of the belt on the robe that's holding my body captive - hidden from you. The desire to have you undress me and to feel your loving touch is so powerful that unconsciously my hands go to my breasts and I begin massaging them through the satin. A soft moan escapes my slightly parted lips as I rub the satin against my very erect nipples. My robe parts slightly revealing the top of my round white breasts. I tilt my head back slightly keeping my eyes shut as your hands slip inside of my robe moving up to my shoulder and gently slipping it off my shoulders causing it to pool softly at my feet. I flush slightly as I stand before your naked - my breasts firm and hard reaching outward for your touch.
Your hands slide down my body leaving a trail of heat where your hands were. Oh, baby, please touch my aching hard breasts with your strong manly hands. Nothing feels so good to me as feeling your rough hands massaging my body causing me to ache for your touch at the center of my being. I open my eyes and stare into yours - begging you to find a way to make me yours. My need for you is blazing in my eyes and you give in and gently cup my breasts - molding them with your hands. I inhale sharply at the feel of your hands where I have been craving them. Your hands rubbing my nipples - teasing them as you pull them making them harder then ever. You smile at the effect you have over me as my body betrays my every desire, need and want. You lean over and circle my right nipple with your warm tongue making my body shiver as the flames of pleasure shot through me. You tease my nipple mercilessly until finally you suck it into your wet warm mouth.
My body moves on it's own - pushing my breast closer to you trying to get you to take more of it in your mouth. You suckle my breast softly at first building up the pleasure until you are greedily feasting upon it. After a while you switch to my neglected left nipple and perform the same treatment upon it. My body flushed with pleasure and desire rocking back and forth anticipating your next caress and touch. Slowly you snake your hand down my stomach to find the center of my heat and moisture. Each touch of your fingers causing my juices to flow stronger and my pussy to get hotter - craving your touch. You play lazily with the hair covering my heat - circling it around your fingers as I rock back and forth trying to get your to touch my passion bud. You continue sucking my breasts as you slide your finger into my wet pussy - looking for my magic button.
Your efforts are sending wonderful sensations to the very core of my sex and I begin moaning softly as you take your time and finally touch my clit. My body jerks and I tremble slightly - my knees get weak as you every so slightly rub my hard bud. YES my body cries out as you stroke my clit harder circling it over and over again. Your touches are as wonderful as I remembered - no maybe better. You pull me closer and slide your finger inside me - stroking me as you pull me onto your lap. I bury my head into your shoulder whimpering with pleasure - my legs spread so wide as you continue to stroke me and kiss and suck my breasts. Your other arm is holding me tight against you supporting me as I give into all the sensations that are running wild through my body.
You decide that you want to taste my honey so your stand and lay me on the rug. You crawl between my parted legs inhaling my scent as you gently part my swollen lips. Your tongue finds my hard aching clit and licks it causing my body to jerk upward and a louder moan to escape my lips. Oh yes baby, that feels so damn good. You lick downward tasting my juices as they flow for you. Your tongue dips inside my opening tasting me fully - licking up my offerings of love to you. You insert two fingers inside and stroke me faster as you suck and lick my clit. My body is moving rapidly now and I'm moaning loudly as my orgasm builds and builds. Soon I will be showering you with my love juices as you lick and finger me. OHHH - my body tightens and I grip your fingers tightly as my climax explodes and I cum hard for you. Damn you know how to make every nerve in my body tingle and respond to your touches. I lay there struggling for breath as you lick me clean and then crawl up my body to kiss me gently on my parted lips. Wait till I can move - you will be fully thanked for the wonderful way you make me feel.