Once, he had held the fate of millions in his hands. Now, though, Alec measured his triumphs in smaller increments. Getting through a sponge-bath without getting hard. Keeping himself under control, no matter how much James was driving him to distraction. Not letting James see what he was doing to him with every touch ...

Today, though, his challenge was a purely physical one. James had lifted his head away from the pillow. His job was to keep his head up when James took his hand away.

"Ready?"

Alec took a deep breath. "Ready."

And then the warmth of the supporting hand was gone. Immediately, the weight began to tell on him. He tucked his chin against his chest, and concentrated on keeping his atrophied muscles tensed, while James counted slowly to ten.

By seven, his muscles were trembling, but he managed to make it to the whole count before he dropped his head back to the pillow. Triumph.

"Good," James murmured.

"In a few days," he said, "I might even be able to hold my head up for a whole minute. Or even raise it under my own power."

"Don't be sarcastic, Alec."

"Why not? I have so few pleasures ..." He held James's gaze when he said that, a moment longer than he'd intended.

Long enough to see James's eyes widen, to see him take a deeper-than-normal breath.

Direct hit.

That was not, however, an unmixed blessing. Because James might decide to up his game. And Alec didn't know how much longer he could hold out.

Suddenly, he was so very tired of all of this. He closed his eyes, and settled deeper into the pillow. He wanted to be better again, so he could --

Could what?

The thought jolted him; he jerked his eyes open. He'd been concentrating so hard on the mechanics of his recovery that he hadn't given any thought to what happened after.

He could kill James. He knew it. Not now, but in a month or so, when he'd built his strength back up. Take him by surprise, slide an arm around his neck, snap it in one motion.

He'd never expect it.

But did he want to? He knew he should want to, for a thousand different reasons. Reasons he'd willfully forgotten, reasons he'd pushed out of his head because to think about them would drive him mad.

Now, though ...

He couldn't think. Didn't dare think. If he did, he'd shatter, he'd fly apart at the seams.

All he had left was James. James had always been his shelter, his salvation, the one safe place in the universe. When their bodies were locked together, everything -- the violence of their missions, the murder-suicide of his parents, his planned betrayal of England and the lurking feeling that he was betraying his parents just by being alive -- was burned away in the heat between them. James had been enough. What they'd had -- not love, they'd never called it love -- had been enough.

Until it wasn't, anymore.

"Please," he whispered. "James, please, hold me, touch me, like you used to."

James looked at him for a long moment, and he was afraid that he would deny him the comfort that he most needed. He was about to ask again, was about to beg when James leaned in and kissed him, very lightly, on the lips.

Oh.

Then James opened his mouth, and Alec slid the tip of his tongue inside. Like coming home. He let out a soft groan into that welcoming mouth.

Instantly, James pulled back. "Are you all right?"

"Harder."

James studied him for a long moment, and then kissed him again, almost as gently, and then harder, and then bruisingly hard. One hand slid under his head, fingers tangled in his hair.

Oh God, he had no control, no control over any of it, except what James allowed him. He felt himself growing hard.

James pulled back again, but Alec knew this part of the dance. Anticipation, drawn out like strands of molten glass.

Alec slid his hand along until he found James's belt buckle. Fumbled with it. "Don't," James whispered. "I want this to be all about you."

"This is about me." But he left the belt alone, brushed his fingers lower. Found James hard. Heard him moan.

And then James grabbed his wrist, pinned it against the bed. Reached in again as if to kiss him, but then nipped his lower lip.

Alec closed his eyes, let himself relax into the touch. James kissed him again on the mouth, and then began to work his way down; chin, neck, then sideways, blazing a trail across his collarbone. Then down again, to just above his nipple.

Then he stopped, raised his head.

"James ... " Alec was surprised he could even form the name. He curled his pinned hand into the sheets, and managed "Please!"

Hot breath on his nipple. And then, an opened mouth coming down to encircle it, still without touching. Finally, finally, the tongue, circling inward, bringing hot wet heat, and oh god he was going to --

Teeth closed, gently, on his nipple, wringing a cry from him.

God -- how had he lived for nine years, without this?

But James was in motion again, mouth moving inexorably down across chest and belly, hand leaving his hair to trail down across his shoulder, grazing the nipple on the way. Oh God, oh God ...

He felt James's mouth come up against the cast. Alec moaned in frustration as James raised his head.

And then his hand was free -- for what little it was worth. He felt James lean away, though he didn't leave completely; his fingers trailed down to rest against his belly.

"Close your eyes," James said. "Do you remember that time in the Balkans -- we'd been up all night, we were cold, uncomfortable, and in the middle all of that, you told me 'don't make a sound' and put your hand down my pants."

"How could I forget?" How had he forgotten?

Hot fingers, slicked with still-cool lotion, wrapped around his cock. He sucked in a breath.

James backed away. "Alec, are you ... "

"Don't stop," he begged.

"No ... I suppose that would be unconscionably cruel."

"Please ... "

And then the fingers were back. The lotion had had time to warm up; there was no shock this time, just pleasure. And then, James began to stroke, slow and deliberate and he never wanted it to end.

He bit his lip and concentrated on his breathing. Fought the urge to let go.

"God, Alec, I want you." James's voice was thick with lust. "Soon as you're better, Alec, as soon as the casts come off, I'm going to kiss every inch of you, from head to toe, and back again. Going to suck your cock until you're begging for it, then I'm going to --

"Please," Alec whispered. He felt for James's other hand, the one resting on his belly, and twined his fingers with James's. "Please, I want -- " He clutched at the hand, as a rush of heat went through him. His body arched; if it wasn't for the casts, he would have thrashed himself off the bed. "I'm going to -- "

"Come for me, Alec." One hand slipsliding on his cock, the other twisting to twine around his fingers; how could Alec refuse? He cried out, as waves shuddered through him, crashed through him, left him beached and gasping.

And then the hand was gone. Both hands; the one he'd been clutching trailed out from his fingers. He nearly cried out from the loss.

But then he heard the footsteps as James approached his end of the bed. One hand slid under his shoulder, the other came to cup his cheek. He opened his eyes to find James looking down at him, eyes intent. "Hey," he whispered.

Alec managed to get his hand up, traced the line of James's lips. Thank you, he wanted to say, or maybe I love you, but neither seemed quite right. Instead, he called on his reserves of strength to raise his head toward James.

And then James slid his hand under his head, lifted him -- at least as far as the brace on his back would allow -- and held him close. Familiar sensations -- the spicy tang of aftershave, the softness of the cotton shirt, the heat of James's body radiating through it -- wrapped around him, soothed him. Alec closed his eyes, let himself be held, as he slipped toward sleep.

It was enough. For now, it was enough.