Me and my Father In law-11

By Jeevan << jeevan80@yahoo.com>>

	We had to stop our game as FIL had cum on Sujata's breasts. But still Sujata had not cum! She had to have FIL's lund in her choot to her hearts content.
	" Ohh Seema! I want FIL's lund in my choot. Ohhh god! I am so hungry for his lund. He has nice big lund and I want him inside and feel him shoot his cum, his hot cum inside my choot. Please make him hard for me. Lets make him hard!"
	" Ohh Sujata! Its difficult but lets try. He loves to watch me masturbate and I am sure he will be hard if you join me. Lets spread our legs and show FIL how much we love him. How our choot juice for him. come on Sujata lets start."
We both got up from the couch and stood before our FIL, ready to do the show for him. I caught both my breasts and started to knead them with both my hands. Sujata too followed me. She lifted the two solid boobs in her palms and showed FIL how much they weighed. They looked magnificent and danced in her palms. They were so nice! I too lifted my breasts and showed them to FIL. He looked from one pair of boobs to another and massaged his soft lund. This must have been nice sight for him and he loved to watch us.
	My hands went to my nipples and I caught both the nipples in my thumb and forefinger and pulled them up. My breasts were pulled with the nipples and the tension felt nice. I looked at Sujata's body. Ohhh god! She was a perfect seductress! I went to Sujata and putting my hands on her back, pulled her to me. Her breasts touched mine and that felt wonderful. Her darkish breasts pressed onto my white boobs. Our breasts bulged with the pressure and our nipples poked into the soft breast flesh of each other. I then kissed her full on her mouth and pushed my tongue in her oral cavity. I traced her teeth and moved my tongue over the top of her mouth, feeling the hard and soft flesh there. I caught her lower lip and bit it softly. Ohhhhhhh it felt so nice!
	Baba was watching us and rubbing his lund fast. It was semi hard now. He looked at us and said,
	" Ohhh my bahu's! Seemu and Sujata! You both look so nice. Ohhh god! My son's are lucky to have wives like you and so I am! I have two sexy Bahu's and they too are my wives! Ohhhhh god! Come on press your bodies together and dance for me. Rub your bodies while you move, face to knee! Come on!"
	I held Sujata close to my body and pressed my navel on her's. Our breasts, belly and crotch touched and rubbed against each other. The sensation was so wonderful! I put my hands on Sujata's ass cheeks and rubbed them sensually, caressing every inch of the soft flesh. The way Baba rubbed my ass! Sujata moaned and caught my ass cheeks and kneaded them. my hand moved to the crack of Sujata's ass and I traced her asshole and choot through it. This was first time I had touched an asshole in sexual way. It was not dirty but it was part of sex, I understood that! I rubbed Sujata's choot hair and then found her clit. Her clit was really big and had come out of the sheath begging to be touched. 
	Sujata was not idle! She had spread my ass cheeks and was rubbing my asshole with her fingers. It was so nice to feel her soft hands on my asshole and I pressed my ass down to meet her fingers. I was now rubbing Sujata's clit and then suddenly I had an urge to push my fingers in her choot! I had never done this to any woman and I had to do it! I pushed my middle finger in Sujata's choot and felt the heat inside. Her choot felt so soft and fluffy to my fingers and I had to control myself from biting this bitch on her cheeks! But I could not! I pushed my teeth in Sujata's cheeks and sucked in hard! Ohhh god! Sujata screamed!
" Ohhh Seema don't do that! It will leave red marks on my cheeks and Sameer will ask what it is? Ohhh please! "
" Come on Sujata! Tell her you fucked Vinod and he bit your cheeks. Ohhh god! What a slut you are. Keep quite and let us enjoy!" I shouted at her.
           Sujata was silent in a minute and my finger found the ultimate depth of her choot. I continued to bite her cheeks and then caught her nose, the very proud nose that teased me a lot. I licked her nose and then came down to her breasts. Sujata was now rubbing my choot and had a finger inside too. Baba was watching us and was hard now. His lund was standing proudly at 90 degrees from his crotch. I looked at him and told him to join us.
" Baba! Come on fuck your bahu. Fuck any one you like. We are your sluts and use us as fuck machine. Fuck our choot and ass! Just fuck us anywhere you want. Come on sit on the couch and we both will suck your lund! Ohhh god you have such a nice lund Baba!"
Our FIL sat down on the couch and looked at us inviting us to suck his lund. We both went to FIL and sat down near his feet. Sujata caught FIL's lund and measured it with her hand. Her eyes never left the sight of the lund. Her measurements showed that FIL's lund was 9 inches long and 6.5 inches around. That was really big! Her fingers traced his lund and she finally reached his sperm sacs. She weighed them in her hands and smiled,
" Ohhh Seema! His testis is full of semen. Ohhhhh! I am not on pill this month and if he fucks me and puts his sperm in my choot, I will definitely conceive his child. I insisted to Vinod that he should use condom and never allowed him to fuck me without protection. And now Baba, I beg you to fuck me and put that fertile semen in my choot so that I will bear your child. Fuck Sameer! I want your child. Will you fuck me and give me a child?"
" SO you want my child Sujata? Ok I will give you what you want. As such you need one child. What difference does it make whether its mine OR my sons? It's the same thing. So prepare my lund for this fucking Sujata. Help her Seema will you?
" Ohhh baba! I am your slut. Just tell me and I will follow you. YES your Bahu's will make you ready for fertilizing the ovum of Sujata. Yes she is your slut too!"
Saying so I signalled Sujata and we both brought our mouths to FIL's lund. We pushed our tongues out and licked our FIL's ramrod all over. FIL pushed his ass up and spread his legs for us. I then took his cock head in my mouth and moved my mouth around it. The knob moved inside my mouth and tickled it all over. I took my mouth off and offered his lund to Sujata. Sujata opened her mouth and took his lund in her mouth, showing she was greedy! She swallowed his lund as much as she could.  Ohhh the slut took almost 5 inches of FIL's lund in one gulp. Her mouth looked swollen with his lund and as she moved it up and down over it her short trimmed hair fell forward, hiding her face. She looked like sex goddess. I kissed her hair and smelled n the exotic aroma. This made my choot flow with sex juices and I bent down and took his balls in my mouth. The two balls filled my mouth completely and I moved my tongue and they rolled inside my mouth. Ohhhhhhhhh! I had to have HIM! Suajata was busy sucking FIL's rod and she expertly moved her mouth over the entire lund. I spilled the balls and watched closely. Sujata had taken down almost 7 inches of his lund and I could see her throat muscles moving. I was afraid that FIL would cum in her mouth and I did not want that. First he wasted his sperm on Sujata's breasts and now in her mouth. No.
I told Sujata that we should not allow him to cum outside our choots. And I wanted Sujata to take all his spunk in her choot and get pregnant with his seed. I pushed Sujata off FIL's lund and told her that we should now fuck him. She agreed.
" Seema you are the elder Bahu and it's your right to take him first. Just let me know when he is cumming and I shall take his lund in my choot. Go on ride him! Fuck his lund Seema."
I eagerly climbed over the lap of my FIL and facing him lowered my choot over his hard and solid lund. Sujata guided his lund to my choot and in went his lund, deep in my choot. Sujata squatted down and licked my choot from behind, and in the process licked the lower side of FIL's lund. Sujata's tongue touched my asshole and she licked it, tickling me there. Ohhhhhhh this double pleasure made me mad with lust and I rode my FIL's lund faster. His lund fucked my choot smoothly and wet sounds could be heard all over in the room. Phhhhhhhch! Phachhhhhh! That was fucking! I spread my knees and took my FIL deeper in my choot. his lund touched my cervix!
" Seema! Fuck him! Ride him! ride his lund! Ohhh god! I love to watch you fucking him. Ohhh the way your boobs move! And your ass! Ohhh god! Come on Seema fuck him! Here let me rub my breasts on your back."
Saying so Sujata stood up and rubbed her breasts on my back. Her body moved as she did this and the solid flesh caressed my back and the hard nipples poked everywhere. Sujata then caught my breasts as they moved with the fucking motion. Sujata's hands felt wonderful over my erogenous zones. I knew we both would continue the game and be a partners in sexual adventures in future. I was cumming! I lifted myself and sat on FIL's lund, taking him deep within me as I came! My body went limp as usual and my hands wound around my FIL's neck. He kissed me as I came. My choot flowed juice and made our crotches wet. 
Sujata watched me cum and immediately without losing any time pulled me off FIL's lund.
" Ohhh Seema! I am sorry! But I have to have FIL's lund in my choot. Ohhh god I am dying to feel it inside. Ohhhh Baba! Fuck me from behind! like a dog fucking a bitch in heat. That way you can put your sperm deep inside my choot. Seema help us fuck darling!"
 I lifted my FIL and made Sujata bend with her hands resting on the couch. Her solid breasts dangled down swaying with every movement. I caressed her ass cheeks and opened her choot with my fingers. I showed my FIL how dripping her choot was.
" Come on Baba! Fuck Sujata! Make her pregnant with your sperm. Ohhhhhhhhh ram your lund in her choot from behind while I lick your fucking lund from below. FUCK!"
I sat down facing Sujata's choot and watched FIL put his lund in. it went in easily as Sujata's choot was loose. FIL's lund went upto the hilt and Sujata moved her ass to adjust this 9-inch rod inside her choot. I watched as HIS lund fucked in and out of the choot of Sujata and I put my mouth to the junction, feeling FIL's lund rub past my mouth into the choot. I put my hands on Sujata's thighs and licked her choot. I found her hard clitoris and caressed it with my tongue. Sujata was mad with lust and moved her choot on my tongue faster, and that made her fuck FIL fast! Ohh god! That slut was good at fucking. She maintained the thrust of her hips on FIL's lund in a steady pace. Fast and then slow. FIL was holding her ass cheeks as he always held mine. I was feeling FIL fuck Sujata right on my tongue. Sujata was now licking my choot and pleasuring me. We three were enjoying the real sex and I wonder how we did this.
Suddenly Sujata moaned that she was cumming and moved her ass frantically in an effort to fuck as fast as she could. FIL was not aware of this aspect of Sujata's fucking and was taken by surprise. Sujata's choot must have tightened around his lund and started to milk him. I just guessed and it was correct. I could feel Sujata's tongue in my choot vibrate and then going limp and at the same time her entire belly spasmed with the strong orgasm she was experiencing. Ohhhhh! FIL pushed his lund deep in Sujata's choot and came. His sperm must have reached her cervix and Sujata was satisfied that he had deposited his sperm in her womb, to make her pregnant.
I made Sujata lay on her back with her legs up and put a pillow below her ass. I did not take out FIL's sperm from Sujata's choot by licking her, as I wanted to allow them to reach her uterus and fertilize the ovum insid.

continued in part 12