Bedroom

Matt gasped, spreading his hand wide where it balanced against the wall. He had to fight to keep from thrusting hard into James' mouth, especially since James' hands were at his hips, sliding his jeans just a bit lower and pulling hard towards his face.

He lost the fight. Months and months of listening to the heaven that came out of that mouth, Matt finally knew the heaven inside it. As agile as the man's figurative tongue was, it's literal counterpart was its equal. Or, thought Matt as James pressed hard along his length, more than it's equal.

He rocked forward on his knees, knocking James' head into the headboard where the man leaned, each thrust like the bang of a gavel.

Living Room

James cast a wary eye toward the window, hoping that if the neighbors were home they hadn't seen him bend another naked man over the arm of the sofa. He hoped that the folks next door couldn't hear Matt scream obscenities as James pushed inside him, fucking that cocky little bastard till the leather sofa was all but slick with sweat. If they could hear, perhaps they would assume it was a movie. Perhaps they wouldn't look at him with raised eyebrows when he went out for the morning paper.

James didn't care if anyone saw that he leaned over and kissed that profane mouth, when he could get a kiss in edgewise. Somethings are too good to worry about modesty.

Kitchen

Matt leaned into the fridge, laughing as James wrapped a towel around his midsection.

"My god, man, I have windows you know."

"Don't you want your neighbors to be able to put a face to the name you've been screaming all evening?"

"It's not your face they can see hanging out the refrigerator door, Devlin."

"What have you got in here besides a bunch of cucumbers anyway?" Matt rooted around, looking for something he considered edible.

"Those are zuchinni." James said, rolling his eyes.

"Culinary." Matt stated, clearly not impressed.

"I'll order in." James said, flipping open the phone book.

"You're the best, sweetheart." Matt said, rewarding his lover with a deep kiss. The phone book was forgotten, as was dinner, when Matt sank to his knees in front of James, mouth hungry and need still unsatisfied.

Bathroom

Hot water slid down Matt's neck as James' lips worked their way up it. The man's hands, lathered with soap, caressed his chest and worked their way down to his hips. Following the natural lines of his body, James's hands moved towards Matt's prick where it stood tall against his lower stomach.

The world was white, soapy bliss, and Matt's eyes narrowed as James stroked him. He leaned back against James' shoulder, watching little rivers of water run down from his soaking blond hair to the smooth chest. Matt picket up his head and crushed his mouth against James's grin. It was the grin he always barely concealed after he emerged triumphant from court. No need to conceal it now, Matt surmised.

"On your knees, James. Turn and turn is fair play." Matt said, breaking there kiss and shooting him a fierce gaze. James knelt, as if to take him in his mouth, but Matt put a hand on his shoulder.

"I meant all fours, my learned friend." Matt's smile was sloppy and sideways as he pushed James' shoulder, hot water tap dancing against his back.