David and his eleven year old daughter discover unconditional love comes from places you never expect.	


	The sound of giggling girls greeted David as he walked into the house.  Hed managed to get everything done early for a change and his boss had told him to take off early. David hadnt argued with that idea at all.
	He set his briefcase on the kitchen counter and walked out into the front room. No girls there.  He figured they must be in the den on the computer.
	He walked across the front to the doorway to the den and peeked in.  His daughter Katie and her two friends, Alice and Lisa, were sitting close together in front of the monitor and watching something.  He heard a loud moan come from the computers speakers and the girls giggled even louder.
	Taking a step closer, he saw the girls were watching a porn video. On the screen a very well endowed blond had a mans cock in the mouth and was vigorously sucking it.
	Katie! David yelled.
	All the girls screamed at the sound of his voice and turned to face him.  All three were blushing brightly and staring at him in wide eyed terror.
	Girls, I think its time for you to go home.  Katie, turn that off right now.
	Alice and Lisa were out of their chairs and gone in a flash.  Katie turned off the video and turned back to her father.  Tears were starting to slide down her cheeks as she said, Daddy, Im sorry. We were just playing.
	Thats not the kind of playing we do in this house and you know it, he said.  Go to your room. You can come out at dinner.
	Sniffling, Katie got off the chair and shuffled off to her room.  David went to the computer and opened the browser to look at the history.  It looked like the girls hadnt been on for too long and most of the stuff theyd looked up had had to do with blow job videos. 
	David sighed and sat down.  It looked like it was time for him and his eleven year old daughter to have that talk. There were very few times he missed his ex-wife but this was very much one of them.


***


	Dinner was a very quiet and very uncomfortable affair for both of them.  David ate slowly, trying to put off the talk they were going to have for as long as possible.  Katie pushed her found around on her plate, wishing she hadnt listened to stupid Lisa about going on the Internet after school.
	When dinner was finally over, David said, Honey, we need to have a talk.
	Yes, Daddy, Katie said, staring at the floor.
	Lets go out and sit on the sofa, okay?
	She nodded and followed him out to the sofa.
	Once they were both seated, David reached out and lifted Katies head so shed look at him.
	Honey He started, not sure what he was going to say. Umm What you saw today, why did you go to that site?
	Katie tried to look away, but David kept her face turned up towards him.
	Well, we were at school and we heard an older girl talking about blow jobs, she explained.  We didnt know what it was so we looked it up.
	And when you saw what it was, why didnt you turn it off?
	Cause it was kinda funny, she said.  The guy was making funny faces and stuff.
	David had to hold back a laugh.  Hed never been able to sit through an entire porno without laughing his ass off at it.  The dialogue, the acting and the expressions were just too much for him.
	You still shouldnt have been watching it, honey.  We had a talk about sites like that and youre not allowed to go to them.
	I know, she said. Im sorry, Daddy.  I wont do it again. I promise.
	David smiled and leaned down to kiss her on the forehead.  She grinned up at him before she got a serious look on her face.
	Daddy, can I ask you a question about what we were watching?
	The moment David had been dreading had arrived.  At least she was going to be the one to bring it up though.
	Yes?
	Why did he have his thingy in her mouth?
	David licked his lips and desperately tried to think of a way to answer her question.
	Well, when a man and a woman are together they do some stuff to make a baby, he said.
	But he was doing it wrong, she said.  Hes supposed to put his thingy in her thingy to make a baby.
	David felt his jaw drop.  How do you know about that?
	She shrugged.  Its what they told us in Health class.
	Ah, he said. Thank God, at least he didnt have to explain that part to her.  Well, when a man and a woman love each other they do other stuff than just making a baby.  Stuff like what you saw on the computer.
	But why? She asked.
	Crap.  He knew he was stuck now. Maybe explaining sex would have been better. Having to tell his eleven year old daughter about pleasuring a partner was just too weird for him.
	 When a man and a woman love each other they want to make each other happy, right? He asked.
	She nodded.
	Well, when a woman does that to a man it feels really good.  Shes just trying to make him happy is all, he said.
	She frowned and thought about that for a minute.  So boys like putting their thingys in a girls mouths?
	David simply nodded, not trusting himself to say anything out loud to that question.
	Do you like putting your thingy in a girls mouth too? Se asked.
	David felt the blood rush to his face.  Umm, honey, thats not really an appropriate question.
	Why not?
	Im your dad, thats not something dads and daughters talk about.
	Her frown deepened.  Please, Daddy, I just want to understand.
	David sighed.  She was too much like him at times. She had to know why something was the way it was and she wouldnt let go until she did.  It was one of the qualities she had that both drove him nuts and made him so proud.
	Yes, Katie. I like that, he said.
	Did Mommy put your thingy in her mouth?
	David felt his face burn even brighter.  Maybe the next time his boss offered to let him leave early hed chose to stay at work instead.
	Yes, she did.
	And it made you feel good?
	Yes, he said.  Like I said, when two people love each other they want to make each other happy. Like when you drew me that Valentines Day card at school. You did it because you wanted me to know you loved me and it made me feel so good. Its kind of like that.
	That answer seemed to satisfy her which made David very happy.  Anything to get out of this conversation.
	Now why dont you watch some TV while I do a little work on the computer? He asked.
	She nodded but, before she could reach for the remote, he frown returned.
	Am I still in trouble? She asked.
	No, he said. You didnt understand something and now you do.  You wont be going back to those sites, right?
	No, I wont, she said.  I promise.
	He leaned over and gave her a hug and said, Good girl.
	
***


	Katie had gone to bed at her normal bed time but, after lying in bed tossing and turning, she finally gave up on trying to sleep.  She tossed her cover off and went out to see what her daddy was doing.
	She made her way down to the front room and saw he was in the den working on the computer. She walked up to the door to the den when she heard a woman moan.  Her eyes widened. He was watching one of the videos shed been watching earlier.
	She crept behind the door frame and peeked in at he daddy.  He had his hand in his lap and he was rubbing as he watched the video. 
	She was stunned. He was touching his thingy through his shorts!
	As she watched, he slid his hand under his shorts.  She watched his hand moving around under his shorts.  He slid his hand out of his shirts and started to stand.  She ducked behind the doorframe and held her breath.  If he came out and saw her, she bet she was going to get in big trouble.
	When he didnt come out, she risked peeking around the corner again.  Hed taken off his shorts and was naked from the waist down!  She felt her jaw drop as she watched him stroke his hand up and down his thingy.
	She was amazed by how big it was.  One of the boys she went to school with had pulled down his pants and waved his at all of the girls once and his was itty bitty compared to her daddys.
	A strange tingling sensation was coming from her girly spot while she watched her daddy stroke himself.  It was a tingly, wet feeling and she kind of liked it.
	Her daddy suddenly let go of himself and closed the browser. With a disgusted sigh, he asked himself, Jesus, David, what are you doing?
	He stood to put his shorts back on and, while he did, Katie rushed back to her room.  She closed the door behind her and dove under the covers just in case he came to check on her.
	She lay there thinking about what shed seen.  Her daddy had been playing with his thing by himself.  Mommy had left a long time ago and Daddy hadnt been out on one of his dates in a while too.  
	That was it! He was lonely and nobody was showing him how much they loved him! That made Katie feel bad.  Her daddy was the so nice and understanding and perfect and he didnt have anyone to show him how special he was.
	Katie made up her mind right then, she was going to surprise him and show him how special he was and how much she loved him.

***


	Katie had to wait until Saturday, her daddys day off, to put her plan into motion.  She got up early and crept down the hall to her daddys room.  His door was closed, so she slowly opened it and peeked in.
	He was still in bed, lying on his back, with just the sheet covering him.  She could see the tent in the sheet where his thingy was poking up.
	She slipped into the room and made her way over to the bed.  She crawled into bed and waited to see if she woke him.  When she was sure he was still asleep, she slowly pulled the sheet off of him.
	His thingy had poked out of his boxers and was standing up straight in front of her.  She examined every detail of it, from the long, hard shaft to the swollen red head of it.  
	Even seeing one on the computer wasnt as good as seeing one for real.  The tingly sensation between her legs was back with a vengeance as she looked at his thingy.
	She licked her lips and nervously reached out to touch it. Her fingers brushed the head of it and her daddy made a moaning noise in his sleep.  Katie froze and waited but still he didnt wake up.
	She wrapped her small hand around the shaft and began to slowly stroke it like shed seen him do last night.  He let out another, longer moan but he didnt wake.
	Mustering up all of her courage, Katie leaned forward like shed seen the girl in the video do.  She brought her mouth down on the head of his thingy and sucked it.
	An eclectic sensation of pleasure shot through David and brought him completely awake in an instant.
	He looked down and, seeing his cock in his daughters mouth, he screamed.
	Katie jumped away from him, thinking shed hurt him.
	What the hell are you doing? He shouted.
	Tears sprang into Katies eyes. I was trying to make you feel good and show you how much I love you. 
	Katie, that is not something you do to your father, he said, grabbing the sheet to try and cover himself.  
	But you said two people that love each other do that to make each other feel good.  I just wanted you to feel good, Daddy!
	Go to your room! He yelled, not sure what else to do.
	Sobbing, she ran from his room.  
	David took a deep, shuddering breath.  Already he regretted yelling but hed been way too freaked out to deal with the situation.
	After a few deep breaths, he got up and went to the bathroom.  He started the shower and got in, still amazed what shed done.  As he thought about it, he wondered if hed said something wrong to make her decide to do that.  God!  His own daughter giving him a blow job!
	After standing under the cold water, and putting off talking to Katie, for long enough, David turned off the shower and got out.  He grabbed a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and went to talk to his daughter.
	Her door was closed and he could hear sniffling coming from behind it.  He sighed and opened the door.
	She was lying on her bed, he face pressed to her pillow as she cried.  He walked over to her bed and sat down next to her. He put his hand on her shoulder and said, Katie, look at me.
	After a moment, she peeked up at him with one tear reddened eye.  
	Honey, why did you do that? He asked.
	Because you said people that love each other do that, she said. I wanted to show you I loved you.
	I know you love me, sweetie, he said.  But that kind of thing is something a man and a woman do, not a daddy and his daughter.
	Why?
	This was another of those times he wished she didnt absolutely have to know everything.
	Because its a big time no-no, he said. Especially with a girl as young as you. Daddy could go to jail if anyone found out.
	She sat up and, wiping her eyes, said, I wouldnt tell anyone. I promise.
	He put his hands on her shoulders and met her eyes.  Lets just pretend this didnt happen and start today all over, okay?
	He frown was back.  But, Daddy, I want to understand.  Why cant I do that if we keep it our secret?
	David felt his cock twitch at the idea.  He shook his head, trying to shake that thought right out of his head.
	No, Katie, he said. We cant and thats final.
	Her frown disappeared, replaced by tears in her eyes and a trembling lip.
	Is it because Im not as pretty as that lady you were looking at on the Internet?
	What?
	Tears slide down her cheeks.  I saw you looking at one of those videos on the Internet last night. Its because Im not as pretty as her, isnt it? And I dont have boobs and Im all ugly.
	Her voice cracked and she started to sob again.  David grabbed her and wrapped his arms around her.  
	Rocking her back and forth, he said, Baby, youre not ugly. Dont ever say that.  You are the prettiest girl in the world and I love you more than anything. I promise.
	She cried for a while and, when her sniffles had stopped, she said, Im sorry, Daddy. I screw everything up.
	He grabbed her chin and turned her face up towards his. I dont want to ever hear you say that again, young lady.  You are the best daughter and the brightest spot in my life and dont you forget it.
	But youre so lonely, she said.  You and Mommy divorced the same time as Lisas parents did and now her dad is married again.  You dont go out on dates and stuff because of me. All I do is get in the way.
	Katherine Ann, you put this nonsense out of your head right now, he said, staring into her eyes. I choose not to date.  If I wanted to I could but I dont want to. Id rather spend time with the most important woman in my life. You!
	Tears running down her face, she threw her arms around him.  David lifter her into his lap and hugged her tight against him.  He felt her heart racing in her chest.  He felt the heat of her body and everything was perfect.
	Until he noticed hed set her in his lap.  Until he noticed her firm, round ass cheeks resting on his cock.  He felt his cock begin to harden and thoughts of earlier flooded into his head.  The sight of her little hand on his cock.  The feel of the head of his cock in her small, warm mouth. 
	Against his will, his cock hardened against her.
	Daddy, she whispered in his ear, youre thingys poking my butt.
	The feel of her breath on his ear made his cock twitch against her.  He pulled her out of his lap and set her back on the bed.  HE saw her looking down at his shorts and, following her gaze; he saw the bulge where his hard cock was pressing the shorts out.
	His face burning in embarrassment, he stood to leave.  She reached out, grabbed his hand and said, Daddy, wait!
	He did as she asked, not daring to look at her.
	Is your thingy all big because I was sitting in your lap? She asked.
	Honey
	Daddy! Please tell me!
	David sighed and nodded.
	So it felt good when I was sitting in your lap?
	Again, David just nodded.
	Do you want me to sit in your lap some more?
	He felt his control beginning to slip.  He wanted to say no. He wanted to run from the room, but he couldnt. 
	I will if you want, she said.  I wont ever tell anyone either. I promise, cross my heart and hope to die.
	With legs he could no longer control; he sat back down on her bad.  Katie climbed into his lap, this time facing him with her legs straddling him.  He felt the heat coming from her crotch as she pressed it against his hard cock.
	He looked into her cool blue eyes as he brushed her curly brown hair away from her beautiful face. 
	I love you, Daddy, she said.
	I love you too, Katie.
	She leaned forward and kissed him.  Her soft lips lingered for a moment against his before she pulled back.  He leaned toward her and kissed her again, letting his lips linger longer.
	When he kissed her the third time, he parted his lips and touched her lips with his tongue.  She opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out into his mouth. He broke the kiss and said, Slowly, baby.
	She kissed him again and, this time, sliding her tongue out slower. He slid his tongue against hers, feeling her respond in kind. As they kissed, he slid his hand under her night shirt and onto the burning hot skin of her back.  She moaned at his touch and his cock throbbed against her.  
	Lift your arms, he said.
	She did as she was told and he pulled her nightshirt off of her.  He looked down at her small frame.  His eyes latched onto her tiny, pink nipples. He ran his finger around one and then across it.  She let out another moan as he rubbed across her hard, little nipple.
	He bent his head down and licked small circles around her nipple. She grabbed his hair and pressed his face closer to her as he licked. 
	With a ferocity he hadnt expected, she pulled his head back and rammed her lips against his.  She kissed him long and deep before she finally broke the kiss. 
	She slid out of his lap and stood in front of him.
	Take off your shorts, Daddy, she said.
	With shaking legs, he managed to stand up, grab his shorts and pull them down.  He sat back down and watched her look at his hard cock.
	She knelt on the floor in front of him and, tentatively, reached for him.  When her hand touched his cock it jumped and he let out a loud moan.
	She gripped his cock tightly in her hand and stroked up and down his shaft.
	Use both hands, he said breathlessly.
	She took his cock in both of her hands and stroked it up and down. Precum dribbled out of the tip and down onto her hands.
	Is that pee? She asked, pausing and looking at the clear fluid on his cock and her hand.
	No, he managed to say. Its a lubricant man make when their feeling really good.
	She grinned up at him and asked, Am I doing good, Daddy?
	Yes, baby, you are.
	She started stroking again and, as his precum soaked her hands, she was able to slide up and down, from the base of his shaft all the way to the head.  
	She paused again and said, Daddy, I want to do what the girl in the video was doing.
	He met her eyes and it was all he could do to nod to her.
	Their eyes locked together, she leaned forward and put her mouth over the head of his cock. He let out a loud groan of pleasure as she sucked his cock.
	Dont suck so hard, baby, he said.  Pretend its a lollipop, lick and slide it in and out of your mouth.
	She did and he felt her small tongue rubbing against his cock and it drove him wild. 
	Yes! Thats it, Katie. Suck Daddys cock, he breathed.
	She bobbed her head up and down on his cock while her hands continued to stroke him.  David felt the pressure starting to build and knew he was going to cum soon.  He stopped her and said, Honey, Daddys going to cum. Do you know what that means?
	She nodded and said, Its when your spermy comes out.
	Yes, but I dont want to do it in your mouth.
	Why? She asked, the frown he loved so much appearing on her face.
	Because it comes out really fast and it might gag you, he said.  I want you to use your hands and put my cock against your chest.
	She leaned forward and, with her hands wrapped around his shaft, she pressed her chest against the length of his cock.
	Like this? She asked.
	Yes, baby, just like that.
	She started to stroke his cock again.  With each stroke she rubbed it against the hot skin of her chest.  He watched as more precum dribbled out and onto her chest.  Onto his eleven year old daughters chest. His cock throbbed with need as he watched his precum slide down his daughters chest.
	Heat built in his balls and his whole body shook with the need for release.
	Im going to cum, baby, he cried out.
	She stroked him hard and fast and his cock pulsed in her hands as the first load of cum exploded out.
	Katie held on tightly as her Daddy came.  She felt the heat of his cum as it splattered against her bare chest.  Load after load shot out of him as she stroked.  She watched his face as he called out her name.  She felt that wet, hot sensation in her girly spot burning with a need she didnt understand.
	David leaned forward and grabbed Katies hands. Stop! Stop, its too much.
	She did as he said and he collapsed back into her bed.  His body trembled all over from his orgasm.  It had been a long time since hed had anyone pleasure him like that.  The fact that it was his young daughter had somehow added and extra element to it that had driven him wild.
	He looked down at her, still kneeling in front of him, his cum dripping down her chest.  She was looking at the drip that was coming out of the tip of his cock.
	Daddy, can I taste it? She asked.
	He nodded enthusiastically.  She leaned forward and, running her tongue against the tip of his cock, she tasted the drop of his cum.
	He shuddered at her touch and watched her face.  She tasted it for a while before she said, Its all salty, but its okay.
	Im glad you approve, he joked.
	She smiled and asked, Next time can you do it in my mouth? I promise I wont gag or gross you out.
	He stared down at her, feeling a stirring in his still semi-hard cock.  She wanted to do it again.  They shouldnt. He shouldnt have let this happen but his need had driven him out of control. He couldnt let it happen again.
	She could see what he was thinking and she pleaded, Please dont say no, Daddy. Please, I promised it would be out secret and I really liked it. Please, please, please!
	Okay, well see, he said, not in any position to try and argue right now. Why dont you go get washed up and Ill make breakfast?
	Yay! She yelled and bolted out of the room.
	David lay there for a while, staring at her wall, wondering what to do.
