Christmas Eve, Paula and Simon decided not to leave the house. Mrs. Lewis was off and had left the kitchen well stocked and clean so when Paula got up in the morning, there was plenty to make for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. She left Simon sleeping heavily in bed and went down to the kitchen to make breakfast. Outside of the warm cocoon of bed, it was cold. Outside, the snow had stopped and everything was monochromatic and icy. Yes, the day would be much better spent in doors. It took a couple minutes to locate all the right pans and ingredients but soon she was underway.

Cooking warmed up the kitchen considerably though her bare feet were still icy. When Simon wandered down, he smiled at the scene she made. Domestic in his kitchen.

"You're awake," she said. "Good timing."

"What do we have here?" he asked, sitting down. She put a plate down in front of him.

"Eggs Florentine, toast, and bacon," she said. "I made the hollandaise sauce from scratch."

"Oh my God, you can cook!" he said, looking down at the elaborate breakfast she'd made for him.

"Of course I can cook," she said. "What an odd thing to say."

"Celebrities can't cook," he said. "I can't cook."

"I wasn't always a celebrity," she laughed, sitting down across from him. "I did have a childhood." Simon took a bite.

"It's good," he said. "Very good."

"Thank you," she said.

"You're a keeper, you know that?" he said. He sounded like he was teasing, but she wasn't sure.

"I know it. It's just that no one I ever date, or marry, seems to be aware of that fact," Paula said.

"If you think about it," Simon said, seriously. "I'm your longest relationship."

"What?" she asked. "You mean five months?"

"I mean seven years," he said. "Sure, the sex part is new, but we've been friends for a while now. And I don't intend to ever stop being your friend."

"What about Daniel?" she asked.

"Okay, your longest relationship with someone who isn't flamingly gay," Simon corrected. She stuck her tongue out, but he wasn't wrong.

"I haven't been spending as much time with Daniel anyway. He's been having some family things. Plus, when I hired Lauren, things just sort of got less hectic and Daniel went back to being just my stylist instead of my life organizer," she explained.

"And then there's Lauren," he said. "Trusty old Lauren, always there to kill my buzz."

"I wish you two would get along, because neither of you is going anywhere," Paula said.

"She won't be your assistant forever," Simon said.

"Shut up! Yes she will!" Paula said, her hands flying up to her ears.

"Oh come on! She's smart and capable and pretty. She's going to go places, places that don't involve bringing people coffee every day," Simon said. "In fact, I've been thinking of offering her a job at Syco."

"What?" Paula exclaimed. "Don't you dare! She's mine."

"I know Ryan would hire her in a second at RSP. You've had her for a year, Paula. That's longer than I thought she would last with you," Simon said. "If you love her like you say, you'll want her to get her foot in the door."

"I do love her," Paula pouted. "But I need her. You don't understand, I need her. Do you remember what I was like before she got here?"

"You were fine," he said.

"I wasn't fine. I was on too much medication and Kylie was shit at running my schedule but I was too out of it to notice. Lauren fixed me!" she argued.

"Yes, but now you're fixed," he said.

"I don't want to talk about this," Paula pouted. "You're ruining my Christmas Eve."

"You're Jewish!" he laughed. "Okay, okay. But I'm just warning you of what's ahead."

"You're doing the dishes," she said, crossing her arms. "Just so you know."

oooo

It had all gone too fast. Simon couldn't believe he was already driving Paula to the airport. She was sitting quietly next to him, sniffling softly. She'd been crying all morning.

"Stay," he'd said. "Then don't go."

"I have to," she said. "But I don't want to."

Christmas had come and gone, spent at his mother's house with Paula and his family – including his brothers and their families. Paula had fit in, fortunately for everyone. She'd charmed his nieces and nephews, impressed her sisters-in-law and laughed with his mother in the kitchen, helping to prepare the feast.

New years had been spent at a charity event, where she'd been beautiful and kind. She'd stayed by his side, but hadn't hung off him like Terri always had, following the photographers around like a dog going after a bone. Paula was a pro, like him, and it was nice to have that around.

"I'll be along in a few weeks," Simon said when he saw her dabbing her eyes with one of his handkerchiefs.

"I know," she said. "I wish you could come for the Superbowl."

"I know darling, me too," he said.

At the airport gate, she kissed him. There were photographers around and she was usually wary of showing him any extra affection in public where it could be caught on film, but this time she really didn't seem to care. She put her arms around his neck and kissed him for nearly a minute. He smiled at her and touched the tip of his nose.

"I'll miss you," he promised. "I'll call every day."

"I know," she said into his chest. Finally she pulled back, hearing the last call of her flight over the intercom. "Simon?" she said in a small voice.

"Yes?" he asked.

"I love you," she said. He was shocked. It wasn't the first time he'd heard those words from her, seriously or joking, but it was the first time she'd said them since they'd started sleeping together. Her face was open and earnest. He kissed her again.

"I love you, too," he said quietly.

"Really?" she smiled widely. He nodded.

"You're going to miss your flight, now go!" She hugged him one last time and then was out of his arms, through the doors and out of sight. He stayed in the terminal until her plane was off the ground.

oooo

Lauren picked her up at the airport. Paula threw her arms around her assistant, happy to see her.

"I brought you presents!" Paula said into Lauren's shoulder.

"Thanks mom!" Lauren teased. "So, I know you're exhausted and hungry, and probably need a shower, but we have to go to a photo shoot right now."

"There's my life!" Paula said, picking up her shoulder bag. "Okay, let's go."

Paula was still in the make-up chair at the photo shoot when her phone started ringing off the hook.

"Can you get that?" she asked Lauren. Lauren glanced at the phone and made a face.

"It's Nigel," she said.

"Ugh," she said Paula.

"Hello?" said Lauren. "Hi Mr. Lythgoe, this is Lauren. Paula? She's doing the OK! shoot for the Hollywood Idol press right now. I don't think she can... okay."

Lauren moved the phone away from her ear.

"What?" asked Paula.

"He says it's important. He says it's about Simon," she said. Paula took the phone, feeling a stab of sadness at the sound of Simon's name.

"Hi Nigel," she said, perfecting the bored tone in her voice.

"Are you and Simon bloody insane?" Nigel's voice was loud enough that Paula winced. The girl working on her hair looked totally interested as she curled Paula's hair. Lauren glared at her.

"I'm fine, how are you?" asked Paula.

"I don't care how you are, Paula, what I care about is the fact that there are pictures of you and Cowell making out on every entertainment website on the goddamn Internet!" he said. "In two days it's going to be on the cover of People, of Us Weekly, and probably every other shitty magazine known to man."

"Making out?" she asked.

"Yes. At Heathrow," he said.

"Nigel, Simon and I flirt and kiss all the time," Paula said. "Why is this time any different?"

"Flirting is one thing. This is not flirting. This is... serious. Tell me right now. Tell me the truth. Are you shagging?" He demanded. Paula sighed, heavily.

"What do you want me to say?" she asked. It was as good as admitting the truth.

"My job is to worry about the show," he said, far more patiently than she thought possible.

"You think extra press is going to hurt the show?" she asked.

"I think that the show is close enough to jumping the shark as it is," he said.

"That's ridiculous," she spat. "This is a show about singing, not about Simon and me."

"Don't be naïve," he said.

"Look, if you have questions, you can call Simon," she said, and hung up. Lauren and the stylist were openly staring at her. She called up the Internet on her phone and went to the People website. They were there, kissing. And maybe Nigel was right – it wasn't the super puckered cutesy kissing that they normally allowed to be filmed. This was a bodies close, arms around one another, open-mouthed kiss. It was a kiss goodbye.

"Well shit," said Lauren over her shoulder. "Was he mad?"

"Yep," Paula said.

"What do you want me to do?" Lauren asked.

"Nothing," Paula said. "We're just going to do nothing."

After the photo shoot, she and Lauren got her dogs and went back to Paula's house.

"You should get some sleep," Lauren said.

"I need to stay up," Paula argued. "I have too much to do tomorrow to stay on London time."

"Well, if you want to work, the new jewelry designs came by courier yesterday," she said, fishing the portfolio out of her big bag. "I'll make you some lunch."

She ate the soup Lauren prepared and was marking off a page of earrings when Simon called her. His ring tone on her phone was Justin Timberlake's 'Cry Me A River,' something that Lauren had uploaded and made them both snicker every time he called.

"Hello?" she said.

"We're in trouble," he said, right away.

"I see Nigel took my advice to call you," she said.

"He wants us to do Leno, to come clean," Simon said.

"No," said Paula.

"What do you mean no?" he asked, clearly surprised.

"I mean, I'll do Leno, of course, but I'm not going to tell the world about us because Nigel threw a hissy," she said. "I'll talk about American Idol until my jaw breaks but I'm not going to talk about my bedroom on national television."

"My god," Simon breathed. "You are a turn-on, aren't you?"

"Don't you agree?" Paula asked.

"Of course. I'll ring him and tell him, and if he fires us, well, then we'll just roll around in our millions of dollars to console ourselves," he said. She laughed, a light tinkly laugh that made his heart skip a beat.

"That's what we'll do," she agreed.

"Darling, why are you even awake?" he asked.

"I had a photo shoot," she said. "And I don't want encourage my jetlag."

"All right. Well, I'm off then," he said. "Bye lovely."

"Bye Si," she said and hung up. Lauren was watching her, trying to pretend she wasn't by slurping her Diet Coke through a straw loudly. "What?" she asked.

"You seem all... happy," she commented. "Not like, regular sex happy like you were before but, hearts and rainbows happy."

"Being happy isn't a crime," Paula said.

"It is when Simon's around. Maybe not a crime, but definitely a conundrum," Lauren said.

"Why don't you just ask me what you want to ask me," Paula said, drinking her own water through a straw.

"Because it's more fun to guess," said Lauren. "Let's see. Are you knocked up?"

"What? No," she said. "No. I don't think so. No. Shut up, don't make me worry about stuff like that."

"Sorry," Lauren said with a laugh. "And P.S. the day a baby comes is the day I quit."

"What?" asked Paula.

"Oh, did I forget to put hating children on my résumé?" Lauren said. "Anyway, what else? Did you get those Jimmy Choo's you were eying in that magazine?"

"Yes, but that's not it," Paula said.

"Ah-ha!" Lauren said. "So there is something. Okay. Wait, I got it."

"What?"

"You're in lo-ooove," she said. "And you told him!" Paula smiled.

"He said it back," Paula said, putting her cool hands to her cheeks that had warmed up with a blush.

"Ew," said Lauren, conversationally. "Can I call him daddy now?"

"That's between you and him," Paula said, going back to her jewelry book. "But I'd be a fast runner if I were you."

oooo

Paula was asleep when Simon called her, exhausted and sore.

"What?" she whispered hoarsely into her phone.

"Guess what I saw on YouTube," came the voice she'd grown to know so well.

"Simon?" she asked, struggling to open her eyes. She readjusted her phone against her ear so she could hear him more clearly.

"Your performance. You have bangs now!" he said

"Yep," she yawned. "Did you like it?"

"I loved it," he said. "You were beautiful."

"I still think I should've done it live," she said, pulling the comforter up over hear head so it was just her and Simon in the dark, warm cave of her bed. Outside, it was early morning, light enough to see by but dark enough that she had no desire to get out of bed.

"You did it live," he said. "Just pre-recorded."

"I know," she moaned. "Anyway, it's over and I'm tired. What are you doing?"

"Oh, this and that," he said. "Tell me, did I wake you?"

"S'okay," she said. "I like when you call me. But yeah, I'm still in bed."

"Why don't you get up and get your newspaper, you lazy girl," he said.

"Lazy? It's six am," she said. "I'm not lazy."

"I bet you made the entertainment section of the Times," he goaded. "Don't you want to see?"

"I guess," she said. "Maybe in a bit."

"I think you should go now," he said. Suddenly, something made her heart flutter. It was hope.

"Okay," she said, and practically leaped out of bed. She was in a pair of Simon's boxer's that she'd stolen when she was in London and a white tank top. She didn't even bother with a robe before she scurried down her stairs and threw open her front door. On her front step was the L.A. Times with a red rose on top. She squealed and ran out into the front drive. As soon as she turned a corner, she could see him, leaning against the hood of his car. She flung herself into his arms.

"You're here!" she said.

"Surprise," he whispered.

"You weren't supposed to be here until next week," she said, tears welling in her eyes.

"Well, if it upsets you, then I can go," he teased, but she tightened her grip on him.

"Happy tears," she promised. "Oh God, I missed you."

"I missed you too," he said. "Come on, I just got off a plane. Let's go to bed."

"Bed?" she teased. "It's already six am. Isn't that a little lazy?"

He smacked her ass in reply.