Series Title: Highbury Tales
By: Alexander Sunshine
Episode 4: Meet Brian

-----------------
Author's note:  You know the hosts of that tv-programme about motoring "Top Gear"?
-----------------

As Rupbert leaned back into his seat, doing his best to relax, to try to think rationally, he thought of Sir Benjamin Bartley, who was the center gossip a few years ago.  He had been discovered to have been sleeping with three of his young, female servants.  Even though he was not married, the scandal was quite damaging to him.  He lost business deals, ladies shunned him, and then one of the servants charged him with rape.  He ended up leaving Highbury and even moving to another country. 

Rupbert did not want to end up like Sir Benjamin Bartley.

Nevertheless, the image of Alice Baker's delectable nude figure, Alice Baker who sat upstairs on his bed, waiting for him, was seared into his mind.  The image taunted and tempted him.  But then he thought of Linda Barton, who was probably still at Jefferson's salon, seething with anger at him.  The thought of marrying her seemed so rational, so comfortable.  If he got Alice a job somewhere else, and apologized enough times, perhaps he could have a future with Linda.

But then, he thought of how ugly Linda had behaved earlier that night.  She always had a bad reputation, a reputation for being a shrew, but it had never sunk in that perhaps that reputation was for a good reason.  Never before that night had he ever personally witnessed her living up to that reputation.  Forget Linda, she is not worth the trouble, Rupbert realized for the first time.  Even so, having an affair with his maid would not make him more attractive to other suitors besides Linda.

Rupbert got tired of his own thoughts, and before he could reflect on what he was doing, he found himself back in his bedroom.  When he walked in, Alice was still lying on the bed naked.  She looked up at him patiently and confidently as he searched for words.

"Alice, I'm not sure this is right..."

"Come here and touch me, and then try to say it isn't right." she said immediately but softly.

The way she said that was like a blazing torch to his blood, and he rushed to the bed to kiss her.  Alice sat up and then got onto her knees while Rupbert stayed on his feet.  They kissed and Rupbert ran his fingers down her smooth shoulders to the small of her back.  He sat down on the edge of bed and continued to passionately caress her lithe body.

Despite what was happening, in Rupbert's mind, he was still hesitating to admit that he would have sex with her.  "I'll just kiss her and touch her, and no more than that..." foolishly went through his mind.

Soon Alice began to loosen his tie, to undo the buttons of his jacket, and then his shirt.  "I'll just take off a few garments to make myself more comfortable, but no more than that," he thought.

Then she took hold of Rupberts hands and lay onto her back, encouraging Rupert to go on top of her.  Instead he remained sitting up and ran his hands up and down her body.  He enjoyed just looking at her from a distance, she reminded him of the nude models in stroke-books.  He took both of her breasts in his hands, caressed them, and pushed them together.  Alice moaned lightly and Rupbert looked into her eyes.  He felt uncomfortable with the eye contact and looked away.  He caressed her face with his hands, and ran his fingers through her cool, shining black hair, and then back down her body.  As his hands reached to the level of her hips, he impulsively put his hand between her legs and inserted a finger into her hot, wet, recess.  "I'll just put my finger in her, no more than that," he thought.

Alice moaned and sighed as he thrust his fingers into her faster.  After this went on longer than she had expected, her moaning ceased and she looked up directly at his face to get his attention.  "It's all right Ruby," she spoke.  She had memorized this speech in advance, while waiting for him to come home: "I am unable to bear children.  When I was younger, I had to undergo some surgery and afterwards the doctors said that I would be unable to get pregnant."

At that moment, Rupbert realized that the idea of pregnancy had not actually entered his mind before she had mentioned it just then.  He realized that the hesitation had been based on an irrational notion that everything he did, even in the privacy of his own bedroom would inevitably be known by everyone.  The realization of his irrationality came at a most felicitous moment, for just as he wanted it, he had an excuse to finally make love to Alice.

"Oh." he said.  They both paused a moment.  

But then, instantly he got off the bed and stood up to take off the rest of his clothes.  He got back onto the bed lay down next to Alice again.  He put his arms around her and pressed her smooth body against his.  He mindlessly groaned as she hungrily bit at his neck and dug her fingers into his back.

Soon, Alice's patience grew thin and she reached down and grasped his firm, hot prick.  Rupbert was eager to take her hint, sat up and moved to kneel between her legs.  Alice held the lips of her cunt apart as he guided his throbbing member into it.

"Oh... yes!" she whispered as Rupbert thrust into her again and again.  He supported himself with one hand, and with the other he put two fingers into her mouth, as if thrusting into only one of her orifices at a time was not enough.  He loved the feeling of the wet warmth of her mouth against his sensitive finger-tips.  Alice threw her head back and closed her eyes.  She savored the feeling of his manhood filling her up, and the feel and sound of his bare belly slapping against her body.

Rupbert began to groan more and more earnestly, and Alice figured he would climax soon.  Rupbert stared at her as she caressed her own breasts, which bounced back and forth as he thrust into her.  Her cries grew more urgent and Rupbert finally spent when he saw how he was making her climax.

The two of them collapsed into a heap, their bodies still intertwined.  Rupbert lay on his back while Alice curled up next to him, resting her head on him.  When they had both collected themselves, and Rupbert looked to Alice and then kissed her affectionately on the lips.

"I love you, Alice." he said.

At his words, she felt a deep, warm satisfaction.  "What about Linda?"  she asked.  But when that question escaped her lips, she instantly regretted it.

Rupbert sighed, Alice braced herself to hear something unpleasant, but instead he said: "To be honest, I'm not sure I am in love with her.  Who am I fooling?  I do not love her at all.  She is not even a nice lady... not at all. I just... I don't want to die alone."

Alice did not particularly like the rueful tone with which he had said that, but overall, she was glad to hear it.  She did not want to push her luck, and so she only said, abstractly: "Linda is not the last woman on earth.  Being with Linda, and dying alone are not the only two paths available as a traveler of life."

"I know.  You're right." he admitted.

****************************************

That was only the first time Rupbert and Alice made love.  They continued to live together as weeks past by.  Rupbert continued to work in his book-store and correspond with his business associates about the Rwambian business, while Alice helped him at home and in the book-store and ran errands for him.  She took his laundry to and from the washer-woman.  She sent and received messages for him.  In her spare time, she also enjoyed reading whatever interested her from Rupbert's vast array of books.  During the day, she was his secretary and maid, but at night, she was his wife.  

But one day, that routine was broken:

That morning, as Rupbert made love to her, Alice absent-mindedly gazed up at the ceiling.  She wished she had a different man to have sex with.  One a little bit like Rupbert, but younger.  When she had first laid eyes on Rupbert, she was so smitten that she did not think his flabby, middle-aged body and the lines on his face detracted from his attractiveness.  But as time went on, and her eyes wandered among more youthful forms, she found herself thinking, "I wish Rupbert looked more like that..."

At first, she thought these thoughts with a touch of guilt in her heart.  But as time went on, only the guilt faded.

"I wish I had someone more affectionate", she thought as the bed-springs rhythmically squeaked up and down.  "Ruby is so kind, but in a bland sort of way, he treats everyone with kindness, he treats it as a duty.  He does not show much true passion.  When we are not making love, he acts like I'm just his pal.  The other day when I flirted with that young man in the book-store, he saw but he did not get the least bit jealous.  I want a man who'll get jealous!" she thought.

In spite of her lack of attentiveness, she soon was overtaken by the waves of pleasure of orgasm.

Just then they heard the doorbell ring.

"Who could that be?" asked Rupbert, still on top of her, wiping the sweat from his neck.

"It's so early,"  Alice caught her breath and considered her advice thoughtfully.  "Maybe you should not answer it," she said cautiously.

Nevertheless, they both stood up and went to the window, two naked figures silhouetted by the morning light.

"Try to look at whomever there is through the window but don't let them see you." Rupbert said.

"Why don't you look?"  She looked at him, but he only looked back expectantly.   "Fine."  She went closer to the window, which faced the front of the house, and gave a quick surreptitious glance down as she shifted the curtain.

"It's a young man I do not recognize, but somehow he looks rather benign.  He has a large suit-case with him."

Rupbert blinked thoughtfully and then rushed to put on some clothes.  He rushed downstairs and opened the door.  Alice had put on some clothes too and went part-way down the stairs to be out-of-sight but close enough to listen to them.  She heard Rupbert unlock and open the door.

"Hello, how can I help you?" he asked.

The young man shyly hesitated before he spoke.  "Hello... Rupbert.  I am sure you don't know me, but I'm Brian... your nephew?"

Rupbert blinked and thought a moment.  "I didn't know I had nephew.  Would you happen to be Helen's son?"

"Yes, that's right."

"Ah, well, it's wonderful to meet you." he said, shaking his hand.  "Please, come right in."

Alice was most anxious to hear about what was happening.  Thinking of the suit-case, she did not like the idea that perhaps a new person would come live with them.  On the other hand, she found it exciting that perhaps some long-lost family reunion was happening.

"I'm sure you know," Rupbert said, "that Helen has been estranged from the rest of the family for some time now.  But she never failed to leave my thoughts for very long.  She was only sixteen when she ran away from home.  My, how the time passes, it has been over twenty years!  Please tell me, I am most anxious to know, how is your mother doing?"

"I'm sorry to have to tell you the news but, she passed away a few years ago."

"Oh, how terrible!  So many times I have fantasized about meeting her again.  I hoped one day I would see her alive and happy.  If you don't mind my asking, how did she pass away?"  Rubert said, bracing himself for Brian's answer.

"She died during childbirth."

"Oh, what a shame!  Did the child survive?  Do you have any other brothers or sisters?"

"No, unfortunately the baby did not make it, and I have no other siblings."

"Oh..." Rupert said ruefully.  "I just woke up and have not break-fasted."

"I am sorry to have woken you up so early.  When I took a carriage here I thought I would arrive at a more suitable hour."

"No, it is no trouble at all, I just meant to invite you to have breakfast with us this morning, and we can talk some more."

"That sounds delightful!  Who do you mean, by 'us'?"  Brian asked as they both walked by the stairs.

Then, Alice saw Brian for the first time.  The first quality she noted was that he had the appearance of extreme youth.  His skin was so pale and clear and he blushed easily.  Like a small child, his cheeks were all flushed from being out in the cold.  As he spoke, she saw that his teeth were as straight and white as teeth could ever be.  Nevertheless, it was clear from his size and manner that he was a grown man, around Alice's age.  In a moment it struck her that he looked extremely similar to Rupbert, they were like twins but of different ages.  He was just as tall as Rupbert, a similar color hair except not as dull and graying as his.  He wore glasses also, but of a different style: with large, old-fashioned frames.

"Oh!" Brian said, startled.  "Excuse me, I did not expect to see a person there."

He stared at her wide-eyed and smiled shyly.  Alice, having been a female her entire life, was most familiar with that look.  It was the way a socially-inept, but innocent and kind-hearted young man looked at a young woman he found attractive.

"This is my most loyal servant and friend, Alice Baker."

"Hello," Alice said, taking note of how he referred to her as a 'friend'.

"Hello," Brian said, barely able to look her in the eye.

"So, Alice.  How about you go down to the cafe and pick up some breakfast for all of us?"

"That's a good idea," she said.  "Excuse me, nice meeting you," she said to Brian as she left.

The uncle-nephew pair went to the dining room and sat down.

"So, what brings you here to Highbury?" asked Rupbert.

Brian hesitated a moment, searching to find the right words.  "Well, both of my parents have passed away now, I thought I'd leave the country for a change of scenery."

"Oh... that is fair reasoning."

"I figured I would try to reconnect here with my uncle in Highbury.  Besides, this is a city where everything is happening.  I am looking to continue my studies, and so I thought to apply to attend the university here."

"That is a good idea.  What is your area of study?"

"Theology."

"Oh, theology, that is a fascinating subject of study.  All I know is what I barely remember from Sunday-school as a boy, I regret to admit.  So... it's amazing to me to learn I have had a nephew all of this time.  Did you never think about searching for any of us?"

"It's a pity, but my mother had given me the impression that the rest of the family wanted nothing to do with us.  I did not think to question it, as it was an idea that was with me in the farthest reaches of my memory."

"Oh, that is a pity."

Soon, Alice returned with the hot breakfast of eggs, ham, and toasted-bread, and milk.  They all sat down at the dining-room table and enjoyed the food.  Brian and Rupbert continued to talk to each other.  But after Alice had arrived, Brian became hesistant to speak about himself.  Rupbert detected this and did the courtesy of going on about his own business and life.

While Rupbert and Brian spoke Alice stayed quiet as is natural for someone of her position to be at the dining-table.  As the breakfast went on, she grew increasingly annoyed with Brian, as he kept looking at her as if he wanted to say something to her.  This went on so repeatedly and continuously Alice almost succumbed to the impulse to just stand up and leave.

Also, Alice thought he had the most curious table-manners.  When she first set the dish in front of him, he immediately rearranged the way she had set the food on the plate.   Then, before he took a single bite, with great great precision, he cut equally-sized squares from his toast, then his eggs, and the the ham and stacked them up.  Then he carefully pierced the layers with his fork at a precise angle before finally putting it into his mouth.  He did this for every bite.  The pieces of ham and egg that did not fall into one of his squares was gathered up on a pile on the edge of his plate where they remained uneaten.

They finished breakfast just in time for Alice, who had decided that Brian was the most irritating and anal-retentive person she had ever met.  

For the rest of the day, Rupbert and Alice went about their business as usual.  Brian left his suitcase in a spare bedroom and went off on his own to make contact with and spend time at the nearby college.

****************************

That night, Alice was in the sitting room laboriously poring over the Nicholas Alset manuscripts, when Brian silently wandered into the room.  Somehow, perhaps because of the quietness with with Brian approached, Alice got the distinct impression that he had been standing nearby for a while, building up the courage to finally come within sight of her.

"Good evening," Alice said to him, giving him a perfunctory smile, and then looking back to the manuscripts.

"Hello." he said stiffly.  "Alice."  There was a quiet moment, broken only by the sound of papers moving.  Alice pretended to ignore him as he stood before her, awkwardly fidgeting.

"Alice," he said again.  His voice faltered, but then he managed: "You don't remember me?  We know each other."

At those words, Alice forgot being annoyed at him, and grew curious.  "We do?  Where did we meet before?"

"It was somewhere in Kingsland.  I can't believe I've found you, and you don't remember!" he said, his voice strained from frustration, the latter sentence practically to himself.

"When?"

"It was a... significantly long time ago."

"Perhaps you are thinking of someone else." Alice said, scrunching-up her eye-brows.  "I have only lived here in Highbury for a couple of years."

"No," he firmly insisted.  "We used to be married." he blurted.  Before Alice could give some exclamation of befuddlement, he quickly continued:  "It was in our past lives.  You and I used to live somewhere in Kingsland, out in the country-side.  It was about one-hundred years ago.  I don't remember our names, but I remember you were a man, and I was the wife."  There was an awkard silence.  "What do you think?" he added.

"I think you need to work on your love-making lines," Alice quipped.

Brian's expression instantly transformed from anxious, to utterly crest-fallen.  He hurried out of the room.  Alice felt a pang of regret all of a sudden, convinced that he had rushed out the room so she would not see him cry.

********************

The next morning as the three of the house-mates sat down to breakfast together again, Rupbert announced he would have a guest over for dinner later.  He went on about his business in Rwambia and said his partner Jeremy Hammond would dine with them.  He expressed hope that it would be a casual affair, and the four of them could have plenty of fun and "let loose".

Brian was puzzled by how Alice seemed to finish her breakfast so quickly, and eager to excuse herself from the breakfast-table.

As she took up her dishes to the kitchen, Brian spoke to Rupbert: "It is funny how she calls you 'Ruby'," he said.

"Oh, I have long had the nickname 'Rupee', after the Vindhyan currency."  Rupbert said.  "She modified that a bit and calls me 'Ruby' sometimes.  I suppose it is easier to say."

When Brian finished his breakfast, he stood up and went to the kitchen to wash his hands.  As he looked down at the water going over his hands, he felt slightly uneasy.  He thought that such a nickname sounded so familiar, so affectionate... perhaps even intimate.  When he approached the dining-room again he paused and looked at Alice and Rupbert as they sat together still at the dining-table.

Brian held his breath as he noticed the way they smiled, the way they looked at each other.  How could he have been so blind?  Rupbert and Alice were having some kind of intimate relationship.  A depression weighed down on him.  Across the room he saw them continue to talking to each other quietly, and they both stood up.  As Alice leaned over to take up the dirty dishes, he could vividly imagine Alice bending farther over the table, naked, Rupbert's pale, hairy hand digging into her smooth brown skin as he jabbed his turgid, purple member, shiny and slimy with her juices backwards and forwards, into and out of her.  A flash of that image in his mind was so grotesque to him it almost made him gag, but he could not help but think of it again and again.

Soon, Rupbert said his farewell and left, leaving the the other two of them alone.  Brian took the opportunity to rush to confront Alice.

"Alice, let me talk to you.  I'm serious.  What I want to talk to you about is serious!" he said, as she tried to evade him.

"Leave me alone!" Alice yelled.  "You think you can tell me what to do?  You think you can just come here and say all of those bizarre things, and then you can own me?"

Brian was taken aback by her exclamation.  "I just want to talk." he said innocently.

"I'm busy," she stated, and left him.

********************

That night, Rupbert's associate Jeremy Hammond arrived late - just before 7 o'clock.  The dinner they had delivered from a nearby restaurant had gotten cold.

Alice found Jeremy instantly repellant.  He always spoke in an affectedly deep, pompous tone of voice.  He had small, dishonest gray eyes under a bushy, graying brow.  Even though he was thin, he had sagging jowls that made his chin blend into his neck.  He had fluffy, graying hair.  He wore a brightly-colored necktie that had an intricate floral pattern on it.  His entire appearance and manner gave one the distinct impression of superficialness and over-the-top garishness.

Alice and Brian did not speak much at dinner.  Jeremy dominated the conversation, and spoke of business that only he and Rupbert knew about.  Alice figured that Brian apparently saw Jeremy similar to way she did.  He did not say anything to express his opinion, but his stand-offishness manner and brooding look expressed it clearly enough.

As they had dessert, (some kind of pudding with a french name Alice could not pronounce, with fruit and whipped-cream on the side) Jeremy and Rupbert sat about joking and laughing.  They finished one bottle of wine after another.

Soon there was a lull in the conversation and Jeremy started staring at Alice.  "What a pretty maid you have," he said.  His speech was not much affected, but the glazed look in his eyes showed his drunkeness.  "What an exotic beauty, she looks like she is part-Vindhyan."

"Yes, she is," Rupbert said.  "Both points you make are most true."

Brian looked at Jeremy, then Rupert, then back at Jeremy again anxiously.

"What a well-formed figure!"  Jeremy continued as Rupbert and Alice laughed at his bluntness.  "Oh, and look at those titties.  They are un-real!"  He stood up and approached Alice, who giggled as she started to move away from him defensively.  Nevertheless, he instantly had her pressed against the wall.  He held her there with one hand while he groped at her clothed chest with the other.

Brian stood up and galloped to her rescue.  "Hey, stop that!"  he said, grabbing at Jeremy's roaming arm.

Jeremy pushed him with only the one hand but it sent Brian rolling onto the ground.  He laughed heartily at the sight of Brian tumbling down, and Rupbert joined in the laughter in spite of himself.  "Relax, boy.  I'm just having some fun."  Jeremy said as he moved away from Alice and sat back down.

Brian stood back up, only his pride injured, and sat back on his chair, unwilling to leave Alice alone with the two drunken men.  

However drunk, Rupbert still had the presence of mind to note the unpleasantness in the air.  "Let's play a card-game." he suggested.

"No thank you," Brian said flatly, folding his arms together.

"I don't really feel like it," said Alice.  "I don't know many card-games anyway."

"I want to play something, but nothing too complicated, I am a little bit lit."  Jeremy chuckled.  "In case you have not noticed."

"How about black-jack?" said Rupbert.

"All right," Jeremy agreed.  "But it is no fun unless we place a bet."

"A bet you say?  What do you propose?"

"If you lose this bet..." Jeremy said slowly and dramatically.  "... your lovely maid here will lick some of this whipped-cream off of my dick... with her tongue."

Rupbert, Jeremy, and Alice all laughed uproariously at this pronouncement, but Brian sat perfectly still and brooded silently.

"Oh, for a moment there I thought you'd want her to lick it off with her foot." Rupbert said, still laughing.  "And what if you lose?"

"Umm, she will lick it off of your penis instead?  I don't know, you probably have her do that for you every night, I probably would if I were you."

Brian grew more and more horrified as Rupbert failed to disagree with his arrogant associate's insinuations, but only half-suppressed a knowing grin.  Brian felt his stomach turn over as he realized how the situation was spirally downward ineluctably towards perdition.

"Well, I think it should be up to Alice." said Rupbert, matter-of-factly.

"All right, sure." said Alice, glancing at Brian surreptitiously.  She went over to get the playing-cards.  "I'll deal.  This is a card-game I actually know." she said.  She shuffled the cards and dealt one card face down to Rupbert and the Jeremy.  Then she dealt them another one, face-up.  Rupbert got the queen of clubs and Jeremy the five of spades.

"Oh, it looks like you got a better deal," Jeremy said, looking at Rupbert.

"Let's see what happens before you judge!" he said.

"Do either of you want a hit?" asked Alice.

"Hit me." said Jeremy.

Alice handed him a card.  "And you?" she asked Rupbert.

"I'll stand," he said.

"I'm done too," said Jeremy.

"All right, let's see them." said Alice.

Rupbert put down his cards.  "You saw my queen, and the other card is the king.  I've got twenty, beat that!"

"Oh... that's a good hand... I'm not sure I can beat that."  Jeremy said sarcastically.  "Oh, yes I can!"  He slapped his cards onto the table, revealing that his other two cards were the eight of hearts and the eight of diamonds.  "Twenty-one!  I win!"  He laughed.  "All right..." he said, turning to Alice, in a sleazy tone of voice.  "Time to pay up..." 

She laughed nervously, unsure if he was serious.  But surreally enough, Jeremy stood up and began to unbutton the fly of his pants, and procured his manhood from beneath his clothing.  He took the whipped-cream left over from dessert and ungracefully plopped it onto his erect penis, much of it actually landing on the ground.  Alice knelt down next to the creamy mess and went to work.

Brian could do nothing else but stare in impotent horror as Alice obediently and theatrically licked the whipped-cream off of his penis, while Rupbert laughed endlessly.  Even after it was long gone, she continued to run her tongue up and down the shaft, and then she put the end of it into her mouth.

"Oh, you like sucking my cock?  Don't you?" Jeremy moaned as he stroked her hair, and pulled it to guide her.  "Mmmm, yes..." he said loudly, enjoying this bit of voyeurism, he grinned and looked at Rupbert and Brian.

Brian abruptly got up and left the room.

"Hey Brian!  What's wrong?"  he called towards Brian.  "What's his problem?" he said to Rupbert, who only continued to laugh.

Soon, Jeremy motioned for her to stand up, and lifting her by the waist, he encouraged her to sit up on the edge of the dining room table.  He put his arms around her and gave her a long kiss.  Jeremy then stood back as he watched Alice begin to unbutton the front of her blouse.

"Oh yes, let's see those boobs."  Jeremy said.  "Oh, now those are nice." He said, pointing at her bared chest and looking at Rupbert who stood from his chair and came closer to them.

"We can both suck at her tits at the same time." Jeremy said as Rupbert began groping and kissing Alice.

"I don't know, I've never tried that," Alice said loudly, hoping Brian would hear, wherever he was.

"Why do girls have two tits unless it is so she can let two gentlemen like ourselves suck at them at the same time?"  Jeremy quipped.  However, they both kissed her and groped at her alternately on the lips, the neck, as well as her breasts.

"Let's take turns fucking her, she'll like that.  Right?" said Rupbert breathlessly.

"Oh, yeah..." Alice moaned affirmatively.

"Too bad Brian left..." Jeremy announced.  "Why do girls have three holes unless it is so a gentleman and two of his best buddies can enjoy putting their pricks in them at the same time?" he mused.

Rupbert unbuttoned the fly of his pants and procured his own member as Alice turned around and standing on the floor again, leaned over the table.  Jeremy lifted her skirt up to her waist and pulled her panties down such that they hung at her feet.  He groped at her breasts, which were flattened against the table, with one hand and with the other reached down to massage her clitoris.

"Oh... yeah... put your prick in her, you little slut... you love it."  Jeremy said as Rupbert slowly and savoringly fucked her.  All of the excitement and novelty of the situation was such that Rupbert reached orgasm very quickly.  Jeremy eagerly pushed him aside and guided his own prick into Alice's wetness.

Alice cried out because of her surprise at Jeremy's rough manner, but she then continued to grunt loudly.  "Oh, yes!  Fuck!" she exclaimed.

Meanwhile, Brian had been in the pantry at the back of the kitchen, hiding indecisively.  In spite of himself, hearing Alice cry out, he got out from the pantry and from a distance peered into the dining room from a distance to see what they were doing.  He was deeply disturbed to see her bent over the table; Jeremy grunted and groaned as as he thrust into her with a swiftness that made them look like a machine at full whir.  Alice shrieked with abandon, hoping that Brian could hear her.  It was just as Brian had imagined before, except even worse, as it was Jeremy he saw having his way with Alice, as Rupbert stood by.

Brian could not watch this for more than a few seconds before he ran away, back through the kitchen and through the back door of the house and into the back-yard.  He moved with a mindless urgency and before he knew what he was doing he vomited onto the stonework of the patio.  When he was done vomiting, he looked around the dark, silent yard, and then he heard Alice crying-out again.  He also could also hear Jeremy.

"No!"  Brian exclaimed, covering his ears, and he ran further away from the house.

Brian stayed outside until it was very late, and he was confident that Jeremy would have left by then.

********************************

Next Episode: Alice's Past
