Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 6/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

A/N : Now that I have the proper time to post, big thanks to for the tattoo idea! 

“So – are you gonna to finish your story then Pet?” Sat around the kitchen table the following evening, all drinking mugs of human blood that Angel had nuked, it seemed like a good time to catch up with everything.

“Oh right, yeah. Erm – right, so I got to the point where a guy at work told me that I was covered in magic right?” Spike and Angel nodded. “I told him I wasn't a warlock or anything powerful like that, and that I didn't have a clue why he could sense all this stuff about me. He was pretty sceptical to start with, but I managed to convince him and he suggested I visit his warlock to find out what spells had been cast on me. So I did – went to see him that weekend instead of going slaying with Willow and Buffy. It was pretty scary actually – dark, dingy – the sort of place I would generally avoid. But I'm glad I went – if I hadn't then, God, I don't know what state I would be in now”. 

He didn't look like a Warlock. In fact, if Xander had to put a title to him, he would most likely have chosen librarian. Which was funny, cos the only librarian he did know was Giles and that was his 'cover' for his real identity as Watcher. The only other person he reminded Xander of was Miracle Max from “The Princess Bride” which made him smile like an idiot.
“And what are you finding so funny young man? You obviously don't take magics seriously otherwise you wouldn't have surrounded yourself with such a hodgepodge. Half of the magics you're wearing cancel each other out, and it's a wonder you've survived in Sunnydale as long as you have – you must be some kind of Demon Magnet!”.

“What?! No – no, I do take magic seriously. That's why I'm here – whatever you can sense on me I haven't put on myself and I need to know what they do, if they're dangerous, how to get rid of them and -”

“How to stop whoever's done this to you from doing it again?” Holding out his hand, the Warlock gestured towards the rear of the building, and Xander followed him through to a small office. “My name is Gethin. And you are?”

“Xander Harris”. They shook hands, but when he went to pull his hand away, Gethin refused to release it. Pressing Xander's hand between the both of his, Gethin closed his eyes and seemed to go into some sort of trance.

“Hmm, yes, I can see why you have come to me. And you almost left it too late – you're practically a clarion call for all things demonic. Would you like me to try to cleanse you of all of them, or are there particular ones you want gone?”

“God, are there that many?” Horrified, because he knew there was only one person who could have done this to him, Xander wasn't sure what to say.

“There are enough to make this a good few hours work. Was she a friend?” A lump in his throat, Xander nodded. “I'm sorry for your pain young Alexander. Come – get comfortable. We have much to do”.

Gethin began stripping the layers of magic from Xander, explaining as he went along what each of the things were meant to do. Some of them were easy – luck charms, charms to enhance your natural charm, safety charms. Others were confusing until Gethin realised the intent behind them such as hair charms, simple glamours.

“She obviously meant no ill will with some of these, although I cannot understand why she simply couldn't have a night with her girlfriends and experiment with make up and hair colour like every other girl!” Xander nodded dazedly. He couldn't believe Willow had been using him for the equivalent of magical cosmetic testing!

Some of the spells made Xander blanch – camouflage spells to make the wearer invisible to any wishing them harm – it did explain why his parents had barely acknowledged his existence the last few years, although it didn't appear to have worked on the demonic crowd in Sunnydale. A “keep away” spell aimed at any human woman with amorous intent explained him only being approached by females of the demonic persuasion, which had obviously been laid on him while Willow was still crushing on him.

The spell that broke him, that finally made him cry and realise that Willow was not casting the spells in an entirely innocent fashion was one that fascinated Gethin. He said that there was, shamefully, a large market for such a spell in the human world, and that Willow was obviously a very creative spell writer and caster. Gethin explained that it was probably one of the earliest spells laid on him, clumsy and heavy, but extremely strong. 

“It was a spell to 'punish' any homosexual urges – thoughts, feelings, dreams even – they all led to pain ranging from vague discomfort to actually physically being ill. I think – well after I explained some things, Gethin said he thought it was – she put it on me to stop anything growing between me and Jesse. She must have thought – must have seen us messing about a few times, got scared – I don't know, maybe was scared of being left behind”. Draining another mug of blood, Xander avoided the looks from both vampires.
“She can't have been more than a baby!” Angel exclaimed, disgusted and horrified. “My God, how powerful is she to be able to spell someone against such natural urges at such a young age?”

“I've told ya, Peaches – the Watcher ain't been taking care of business. Things are passing him by that he should be sitting on her for!”. Spike had been getting angrier and angrier throughout Xander's narration.

“Gethin thinks she's spelled Giles”.

“WHAT?!” The explosion from both vampires made Xander flinch even though he knew their anger wasn't aimed at him.

“Gethin thinks that she's laid a geas on Giles – something like a not noticing thing. He doesn't even see a lot of the things she does because of it – doesn't notice books going missing, that kind of thing”. The silence was a heavy one.

“Finish your story Xander”. He nodded in agreement and continued.

“After that, Gethin cleared me of all the other bits of magic she had laid on me but nothing else was as powerful as that one. We talked about what I could do to stop her – er, anyone being able to spell me ever again, and he recommended I have this done”. He turned away from Angel and Spike, lifting his hair so that they could see the small infinity shape tattooed at the base of his neck. “It's supposed to maintain the integrity of the vessel. What we didn't realise was the effect it would have on my previous possessions”.

“Previous possessions?!”

“Only you Whelp!”. Shaking his head ruefully, Spike smiled.

“I was possessed by a primal hyena, and one Halloween I was taken over by a soldier. The tattoo sealed them in and forced integration. We thought Giles had manage to exorcise the hyena, and no one else appeared to suffer any ill effects after that Halloween. But apparently I was possessed by an alpha of the pack, and she didn't leave entirely. Anyway, after I saw this guy that Gethin recommended and had the tattoo done I was really ill for about a week – or that's what I told people. Instead I was actually battling for control of my body. The hyena wanted to take over completely, and the soldier was waging war against her. We finally settled down to a bit of a compromise, and Wil – I mean, no one can lay magic on me without my consent. Even with my consent some spells just won't stick”.

“So what about your demon when you turned? How have you retained your soul?”

“I don't think I've actually retained my soul so much as the demon has integrated with all of us. I can hear it and feel it. When we – when Angel seemed to – God, erm...”

“When you thought I was rejecting you”. Blushing furiously, Xander nodded.

“It was so upset – really struggling. The solider and hyena managed to calm it down. Normally I can't even feel any fights in there, you know, but I was aware of this one”.

“But that's why you're still yourself?” Xander nodded, relieved that the story was finally over It had been quite devastating to find out that Willow had been using him to test magic, like some sort of lab rat. But by far the worst was the leash she had put on his sexuality and the fact that she had never removed the spell to keep human females away. She had effectively neutered him, leashed him the same way the Initiative had Spike. Seeing he was struggling, Spike moved round the table and folded Xander into a hug. To discover your childhood friend had tried to control your entire life had to be soul-destroying, and how ironic was that.

“Unfortunately, we're still going to have to deal with her and the Slayer, especially if she's laid some sort of geas on Giles”. Angel sighed heavily, not looking forward to those conversations. Xander began to panic.

“What? I don't know what to say to them! Oh my God, Buffy will stake me!”

“XANDER! Don't panic – you don't have to see them, you never even have to go back there. Please – look, you can stay here – you are more than welcome to stay here as long as you want”.

“Is it just because of you having to turn me? You just feel responsible for me”. He looked so dejected, Spike's heart almost broke.

“Oi Peaches!! Fuckin' hell, you're screwing this up more than you normally do everythin' else!”

“What does he mean?”

“Angel wants us to stay, and not just cos you've been turned. But it does make a difference, makes a few things possible that might not have worked before”.

“I don't understand. And can someone please give me some different lines – I'm sick of being such an ass”.

“You're not an ass! Look, Xander I want you and Spike to stay here – with me. I want us all to be together – a family”.

“Hell, are you trying to say I can have both of you?? I don't have to choose?” Xander was practically bouncing in his seat, veering between depression and ecstasy so quickly it was dizzying.

“You never have to choose, and we can all be together for the rest of our lives”.

“God this is just so overwhelming – I don't know what to say, how to cope”. For a moment, the smile dimmed. “Hang on, you guys practically hate each other – how is this even going to work? It won't work if it's just about me”.

“Yeah, there are things that need to be worked out. There's a lot of history between us. And there's the chip”.

“Worrabout it?” Instantly defensive, Spike bristled.

“I've been thinking about it and I don't want you staying because you feel you have no choice. I think I might know how to get rid of it”.