Janette's Walk of Shame
HUMILATRON’S LIBRARY

Janette Duncan felt absolutely humiliated. She was spanked on her bare bottom by her longtime rival, Sharon Michaels, and now she was forced to walk home completely naked with her arms at her sides. She only had herself to blame too. She was the one who proposed the bet, and now she was the one suffering. True to her word, Sharon followed behind her, walking with her, making sure that Janette kept her word. As they walked, Sharon was typing on her phone, texting. Janette was curious what Sharon was texting, but Sharon had the back of the phone pointed at Janette.

Janette heard car honks and flinched. Suddenly Janette heard a click. She looked up at Sharon to see her holding her phone, taking a picture. Janette instinctively covered herself. When she did, Sharon smacked her hands. “No covering,” Sharon scolded. “Do that again and you’ll regret it. In fact, stop walking.”

Janette reluctantly stopped.

“Put your hands behind your head,” Sharon instructed while Janette complied. 

Janette squirmed while Sharon stood in front of her, snapping away pictures, but she didn’t dare move. Then, Sharon walked behind Janette and continued taking pictures. “Alright, keep walking, but keep your hands behind your head, don’t you dare drop them no matter what.”

Janette complied. She felt more exposed having to have her hands behind her head rather than to the sides. Sharon grinned as she walked with Janette the rest of the way to her house. Just before they reached Janette’s house, however, Sharon grabbed her and shoved her to the ground. “Hey!” Janette yelled.

Sharon pulled Janette’s legs over her head and pinned them down. Janette squirmed and squirmed, hands still behind her head. Her entire lower half was completely exposed. Sharon smacked Janette across her lower half a few times and grinned. Then, Sharon said. “I just want to make sure everyone has the opportunity to see you just like this.”

“Wait, Sharon,” Janette cried. “Please, w-what are you...”

Sharon pulled out an air horn and tied it to Janette’s hands so that it pressed down, and then she tied Janette so that she couldn’t move. Janette’s eyes widened and she rapidly shook her head. She knew it was only a matter of time before people started filing out. “Everyone’s going to see you naked,” Sharon grinned.

Sharon took several pictures as she waited with Janette. Janette squirmed, desperately not wanting to be caught like this. Then, Sharon took the airhorn away. She untied Janette altogether. Janette at first was confused, but Sharon smiled. “Now the real show begins,” Sharon said.

Janette then saw it. Stepping out of her house, was her mom. And she didn’t look happy. Janette gulped as her mom approached her. “Mom,” Janette said, moving her hands to cover herself. 

“Move your hands. You were not given permission to cover yourself,” Janette’s mom said. 

Janette whimpered, but moved her hands back behind her head. She felt so humiliated she had to do this in front of her mom. She also saw people coming out of their houses, watching everything unfold. “M-mom, please,” Janette said. “Let’s do this inside.”

“No,” Janette’s mom said. “You’re the one who decided to take a foolish bet and costing your dignity. Now you need to be punished for being a skank. Look at you, you shaved yourself bare like some whore. You wear lingerie like some prostitute, and you also stole my money like a hooker. I am not pleased, Janette. Not pleased at all.”

“Mom, please. I’m sorry. The lingerie was just supposed to be for Matthew,” Janette cried.

“I don’t care who it was for. A woman like you should NEVER dress in such underwear,” Janette’s mom said. “Now, Sharon has been kind to me. She let me know you were coming home and the state of which you were dressed and even told me all about the bet and what it entailed. Because of this, I was able to fetch a nice chair.”

Janette’s mom pulled a big chair and positioned it before sitting down. Janette’s eyes widened. “No,” Janette cried. “You can’t.”

Sharon grabbed Janette and picked her up and laid her across the arms of the chair. Because of the positioning of the chair. Janette’s bare bottom pointed out to the street and right at the neighbors who were all watching. Sharon then started recording everything. Janette squirmed, but Janette’s mom placed one hand on her back so that she couldn’t move and one hand on Janette’s bare butt cheek. “I’m going to tan your hide just like I did a few days ago,” Janette’s mom said. “Don’t ever think you’re too old to be spanked by your mom.”

Janette closed her eyes as she felt her mom start to smack her bottom. She couldn’t believe she was being spanked by her mom in front of Sharon and her neighbors. Even worse, it wasn’t long before she started kicking her legs and crying. Her mom spanked hard and fast and her bottom had already been sore from Sharon’s work. She couldn’t believe it and then she heard the one thing she never wanted to hear. “Mom?”

Janette laid ashamed across her lap knowing that her son was watching her get spanked. In fact, she heard others muttering. Janette wasn’t sure how many were watching as her mom continued to spank her, but eventually Janette was let up and when she was, she stared and gasped. “No,” she cried.

She saw her son, all of his teammates, and Sharon’s son and all of his teammates watching. Janette felt her knees give in as she realized they all saw her getting spanked like a little kid across her mom’s lap. “I’m so glad you agreed to host the after party, Janette,” Sharon grinned. “Remember you said you would last week.”

“I have everything all set up,” Janette’s mom said with a smile. “Including Janette’s spot.”

Janette gulped as her mom guided her in. Sure enough, the whole  house was decorated for a party, but in the center of it all was Janette’s spot, her corner that was even marked as “Janette’s Corner” as she was made to stand there, facing the wall, hands behind her head while the others partied. Janette felt so embarrassed and humiliated and didn’t think it could get any worse. And then it did. Sharon reached over and turned a television on. When she did, Janette saw herself, her front self as she stared into the corner with her hands behind her head. Then Janette saw it, a camera hidden in front of her, connected by a wire to the television. Everyone could see her front half along with her bare red back half. All the guys cheered with delight as they saw it in full HD. 

Janette was truly humiliated.