Author: Storyman
Title: Helping out at the bar
Part: 1
Summary: A man ask his wife to take a part time job in a bar to meet new sex partners.
Keywords: MF, WF, slut, inter, oral, exhib
       
       These stories are written from my heart and are what I fantasize about.  I like hearing from like-minded individuals especially women who enjoy my thoughts, but please do not write just to correct my grammar.  

Storyman000@yahoo.com
	
Helping out at the bar 

Chapter 2 of 3   				6/1/05

	Tina was in the best mood of her life when she arrived at the bar.  She was sexually stimulated to the point of almost not being able to sleep.  It was like drinking 100 cups of coffee.  Tony was glad to see her and whistled looking at her short black dress.  Tina turned for him, lifting her dress slightly and showing just a glimpse of her pussy, saying, Do you really like?  Oh yea, was his smiling reply.  Walking out from behind the bar Tony took a good look while walking right up to her saying, Damn, girl you dont have anything to hang on the bar today.  Well just have to think of something new.  Tina smiled and took hold of the bulge in his pants saying in a sultry manner, May I start work a little early today?  
	
	Tony let her unbuckle his pants and drop them to the floor, his hard cock springing free.  Tina looked up at his face while rubbing his cock and asked, Would you like to fuck me?  Thats a stupid question girl, he said while turning her around and leaning her over a table.  Her dress was so short that it rose up on its own and it was only a second before she felt his fingers find the entrance to her pussy.  Face down on the table this white beauty had opened herself up for this big black man to have his way with her.  Tina thought about how slutty this was as the head of his cock found the entrance to her pussy and began to push its way in.

	Never before had anything so big tried to push its way in and she relaxed wanting to please this hard cock so bad.  He could feel it bottom out in her womb and pulled back slightly saying, Im gonna fuck you until you are full of my cum.  In slow strokes he kept pushing until she wanted to scream.  Never before had she felt so completely full and she lost all track of reality as this big black man fucked her.

	After countless orgasms she heard the door but did not look.  Wow guys.  I just came to clean that bathroom for Tina.  You guys go ahead and fuck and I will just get to work.  It was Daves voice but she did not care.  She was lost in her own lust.

	When Tony began to cum, Tina thought the table would break and she held on for dear life as he pumped his seed into her.  He surprises her when he pulls out so soon and she looks to find him stepping back and asking, Come here and clean this mess up.  Immediately she drops to her knees in front of him and he brings his balls to her mouth.  When she backs up to suck his cock clean he holds her head back and lets a strand of cum land on her dress between her boobs.  When she moves to scoop it to her mouth he stops her saying, Leave it!  Today I want you to tell people that stain is from me.  It will be my trophy.  Tina looked up to him somewhat confused and proceeded to wipe his cock clean with her dress.

	A little wobbly now, Tina straightened herself while Tony pulled his pants up.  Tony looked to her saying, Since you dont have anything to hang on the bar, I want a picture I can hang instead.  Still wobbly Tina heads to the bathroom where Dave is hard at work scrubbing.  It looks like you had a good fuck my dear, Dave said cheerfully.  Tina looks to him on his knees and says, Thats an understatement.  

	Dave goes to the bar and congratulates Tony shaking his hand and saying, Tina had a great time.  Well done.  Anytime you want to fuck her, shes yours.   Tony smiled and gladly accepted the praise telling Dave, She needs to give me some pictures I can hang on the bar.  Can you help me out?  Dave happily agrees and heads back to the bathroom.

	A few hours later, people are already in the bar drinking when Dave is finished.  He has cleaned, removed and or painted over the graffiti on the walls and made the bathroom a place his wife could go without getting sick.  As he sits down at the bar and Tony gives him a drink he turns to see his wife playing pool with a young black man.  Watching he can see that the man is very close to Tina and she seems to be having a good time laughing.  The man seems to be winning and Tina rubs herself on him while he tries to take a shot.  Dave has to think the man would be silly to win unless they are betting.  His shot misses badly and they both laugh.  When she lines up to shoot, she lays up on the table, lifting one leg and showing the young man her private parts.

	Dave chuckles and turns to Tony saying, She sure does that good.  Tina clears the table, and then hugs the young man, kissing his cheek.  As she turns to walk away she lets her hand run across his chest making him hurt with desire.

	Tina kisses Dave at the bar causing him to ask, Whats on your dress?  Tina smiles to Tony and says casually, I was sucking Tonys cock and got cum on my dress.  The old man next to Dave at the bar nearly fell off his stool as Dave moves to catch him.  The old man apologized and tried to regain his composure while Dave turned to Tina saying, Careful, if you start doing that or everybody will want some.  They all laugh as Dave turns to go home.

	Later that evening when Tina is using the newly cleaned bathroom she notices that the only graffiti left is a line that states, Tina gives great head!  When she is finished she goes and gets a marker from the bar and writes underneath the graffiti line, Thank you.  She knows that as people use the bathroom that they will know what now, is not a very well kept secret.

	Standing at the bar waiting for her order the old man puts his hand on the back of her leg and slowly runs it up till it is on her ass.  The old man is not even looking at her but just enjoying himself.  Enjoying his touch, Tina parts her legs just enough to tell him that she wants to be touched.  Immediately his old fingers find her pussy and begin to stroke her correctly.  Just before she becomes lost in the moment he pulls his hand back and never looks at her.  She takes her drink order and delivers it to the patrons stopping back when done to see if he would start again but he does not.  

	Frustrated and horney Tina finds a booth with 2 guys and ask them if they would like some company.  One man stands and lets her slide in while the other takes her hand to help her.  She had only been sitting for a couple of minutes when the first fingers began to find her pussy.  Within minutes she had one leg up and over each of the mens legs, opening herself up completely to their touch.  The 2-men bring her to several orgasms before her hands start to find their crotches.  When she has a hold on both men she brings her legs back together and says calmly, Can I suck each of you off?  Follow me to the bathroom.  

	The men dont need to answer and immediately get up and follow her to the bathroom.  No sooner had they entered the bathroom when she was on her knees with a black cock in each hand.  With her mouth going back and forth between men it was only minutes before they both had cum in her mouth and was thanking her profusely.  

	Tina sat down at the bar next to the old man and he ordered her a drink.  Tina thanked him saying, That could have been you.  Then she got up and went behind the bar to get Tony to touch her ass before cleaning tables.  

	A couple of days went by before Tina came back to work and Tony was glad to see her walk in.  In her short little red skirt, carrying her bag Tony stepped from the bar to hug her, grabbing her ass and saying, I sure missed you.  Tina accepted his affection and whispered, Were more than friends now.  You can call me anytime you want to fuck me. 

        Tony let go and Tina moved to show him tops to select from.  He picks a white sheer blouse from her hand and she pulls off her tee-shirt right in front of him.  Before she can get the blouse on, his big black hands are all over her boobs.  Tina enjoys his touch and he picks her up sitting her on the bar.  He pushes her legs back and begins to lick her pussy driving her over the edge several times.  
       
       The door opens and she opens her eyes to see Dave with his camera.  Tina touches Tonys head and says, Daves here with his camera.  Tony stands and sits Tina back onto the floor saying, We need some hot photos for the bar.  Tony walks to Dave and faces Tina saying, Remove your skirt.  Tina is only wearing her tennis shoes as Dave snaps several pictures. Sit on the bar stool and spread your legs.  Thats right.  Now bend over the stool.  Spread your ass open for the camera.  Tina loved the photos and the attention of Tonys direction.  Tony removed his pants and had Tina on her knees licking at the head of his cock while Dave clicked away.
       
       With out warning Tony began to spew sperm all over Tinas face and hair.  Her hands instinctively went to his cock and began stroking it lovingly while his seed dripped from her face and onto her boobs.  When he was finished, Tina sucked him clean and then remembered the camera and Dave.  Dave could not have smiled any bigger and said out of breath, I got it all on film.  Tony smiled and put his cock back into Tinas mouth while saying, We can always shoot that one again.
       
       Dave leaves to get the pictures ready with Tina still nude on the floor.  Tony dresses and ask her, You can get cleaned up now, but I want you leave some of my cum in your hair today.  Tina stands smiling and walks to the bar to clean his cum from her face.  You have to be the finest piece of ass I have ever seen, Tony says while walking to the bar.  He continues, From now on unless I ask you to do one of the guys in the bar, tell them they have to see me first.  Im your pimp and youre my whore.  Tingling from what was just said, Tina put her red skirt and thin white blouse on to the thrill of the young men that had just walked in the door. 
       
       The night rolled on and before long the place was full.  Even full, Tina was the only woman in the place and the only white.  While taking a break at the bar the old man once again had his hand on her ass but this time they were discussing interracial dating.  Tina turned to face him and his hand switched to the front and was stroking her nicely.  Have you ever dated a black man, the old man asked.  Tina spread her legs just a little and said, No, I havent.  The first black cock I ever saw was Tonys.  She looked to Tony and smiled knowing he is listening.  She continued, I thought he had a beautiful cock and I sucked him till he came in my mouth.  In fact I still have his cum in my hair and on my dress from earlier today.  Tina playfully pulled at a matted place in her hair.
       
       The old mans fingers were doing their job as Tina had a small orgasm on his hand.  Tony walked to them and added, She is the only white woman Ive ever had and I dont think that any woman could be as hot as her.  Look at me.  I just dont get woman like her.  To get to cum in her mouth. Damn, I need a cold shower.  
       
       His fingers did not let up and soon she was almost humping his hand.  Slowing to let her catch her breath the old man asks, So, I guess you dont have anything against interracial sex either.  Youre the only white woman in this bar.  Her eyes closed at his touch she replied, I love to be used by black men.  She falls forward against him while finishing an orgasm and he slowly stops his touch.  
       
       Tina pulls herself back to reality and works the room as she should.  Several of the guys have seen what happened at the bar and have asked to fuck her and she keeps referring them to Tony.  Later as the crowd begins to clear, Tina is hanging on the old mans shoulder when she whispers in his ear, Ask Tony if I can fuck you.  She smiles at him and leaves to play pool and is surprised when the old man comes up behind her before the game even starts.
       
       Tony says you will suck my dick for me, the old man whispers in her ear.  Tina smiles and leaves him and walks into the rest room.  The old man walks in next and Tina unbuckles his pants letting them fall to the floor.  His cock is half hard and she smiles at him before dropping to her knees.  Licking and sucking this grey haired cock, made Tina fill with lust and before long she is lost in what she is doing.  The old man begins shaking and shoots a large load into her mouth causing her to gag just a little.  Oh, thank you!  I havent had a blow job in a lot of years.  That felt so good.  Tina continued to suckle until he was soft and then helped him to get dressed.  Once outside everybody turned to see Tina knowing what she had done.
       
       Sitting down to the bar the old man hands Tony a $20 and says, That was well worth the money.  Ill be giving her all my money from now on.  Tina stares at Tony and smiles realizing what had just happened.  Tony had just whored her out for $20.
       
       Tina was deep in thought as she checked tables around the room.  What had just happened?  The young man at the pool table reminded her of their game and she walked back with him.  The young man racked the balls and let her break.  She made a few balls before it was his turn.  Once he was ready to take his shot the young man looked to Tina and asked, What are we playing for?  Tina smiled and asks coyly, What do you want?  The young man now smiling walked to her and said, I want one of your blow jobs.  Tina did not back off but responded, If I win, you have to fuck me.  The young man could not believe this bet and ask, Did you say what I heard?  Either way I win?  Tina walked right up to his face and answered, I really need to be fucked.
       
       The young man almost came right then.  His shot flew off the table.  Tina ended up winning with him not making one ball.  You need to go to the bathroom now, Tina said seductively.  He sprints to the bathroom as Tina goes to the bar and leans into Tony saying, I won his cock in a pool game.  Are you going to charge him?  Go ahead and have some fun, was the reply she wanted and got.
       
       The young man mounted her from behind and fucked her hard and long.  With her hands on the wall above the urinal and her butt arched up for him, he fucked harder and harder.  Tina opened her eyes to see a man standing next to her peeing and looked to his cock and smiled.  Looking back to the wall in front of her she sees, Tina is the best fuck ever!  This pushes Tina over the edge and she becomes lost in several waves of orgasm.  
       
       She is, though somewhat surprised to see that the young man had long finished and that another man had taken his place and also came.  Pulling his wet cock from her the fat, dirty old black man was grinning ear to ear.  Tina smiled to him and said, Thank you, before pulling her dress back down and heading to the bar.
       
       At the bar Tina puts her money away and Tony asks one of the guys at the bar to walk her to her car.  Tina thanks the man at her car with the promise of a future fuck while other mens cum runs down her legs.
       
Dedicated to a drop dead gorgeous woman whom which I can only dream of having as my own.

The Story Man
