The Rules of Trick or Treat
by Oblivion

Herein lies a work of fiction. It springs forth from this mind of mine, half formed and in need of shaping, molding and polishing. In reality there is only so much I can do in this isolated mind of mine, it takes the help of others to find the weaknesses and flaws so they can be removed or strengthened. This why I need your help. Good or bad your responses to what I've written can only help me write better, and that, for me, is my ultimate goal. Also, I am looking for a couple of people who would be willing work with me as editor and proof readers, if you're interested please let me know.

Remember, this is fiction, what happens is not real. In many ways it should never become real. It belongs in this realm of make-believe so that it may entertain and maybe teach us.

It is my hope that you find enjoyment here and will want to come back. I know that most of what I've written is unfinished, mostly that is because without any response from those of you who wander by I lose the drive to keep working. A count of hits has no meaning, no substance, just the fact that someone looked, I don't even know if it was even read? Your response entices me, prods me to work. I would be willing to pick up any of my works and continue them, but without interest, that will only happen as the mood strikes me.



1.Intent




The little Imp had no name, it had never needed one. In all it's long life no one had ever cared who it was, or might be, it simply was.

It was All Hallows Eve, that wonderful night when the fey and daemon were allowed to play, but only by the rules. The little Imp had lived with the rules for so long now it no longer resented the day they had been imposed, in fact, finding ways to bend the rules had become an even more precious gift.

This night it was watching from it's dark corner as the humans had their little party...

***

"Daniel, please, we know it seems strange, but we spent a lot on getting your costume just right." Mia Thomas wheedled.

Daniel looked around the small room at the five girls and shrugged. His face turned a bright red as he complied with the request to take off his clothes and was soon standing in just his tighty-whity underwear. 

The girls, all juniors or seniors, didn't giggle or even comment, so Daniel started to relax as they showed him the costume they'd come up with.  To him, it looked like it was going to turn out to be a better night than he'd hoped. 

Mia and the rest helped him step into the back half of the costume explaining how the various straps would make it more comfortable and easier to wear. Daniel was having a hard time keeping his mind off what he thought was next. He'd been told that one of these girls was going to be the front half of the horse and that he would be behind her the rest of the night. The thought of being that close to one of them, with her beautiful ass just in front of his face was keeping him flushed.

When Mia reached in and placed his hands on his upper thighs and told him to keep them there for a moment he didn't object, but when she suddenly strapped his hands there, he started to worry.

"Mia, what are you doing?"

"Oh, don't worry, we just thought that it would be easier for you to stay in position this way, that way you don't have to remember to hold on all the time."

Daniel accepted the explanation readily.

"Here," Ronda said as she held something in her hands, "this is how you'll be attached to the front. Open your mouth."

Daniel did and a large ball, almost too big to fit, was placed between his teeth. He felt straps being pulled behind his head and suddenly started to wonder if this wasn't a big mistake.

It was too late though.

When Ronda took her hands away he could see the "other" end of what was now locked in his mouth. It was a large plastic penis.

In the course of just another couple of minutes the now taunting and laughing girls had tied the costume around his neck leaving only his head free. Then one of them grabbed his hair and pulled hard.

"Hold still, nerdy boy, or this is going to hurt a lot more than it has to." She hissed.

He felt hands on his ass and the felt cool air as some part of the costume opened. The hands then reached in and pulled his underwear down exposing his bare ass.

He screamed, but with the penis gag firmly in his mouth it didn't matter. 

Then he felt wet, slimy, fingers invading his rectum, then the fingers were replaced with something hard. It was slowly pushed inside him, stretching his ass open and he screamed again and again to no avail.

When he felt the rough rope being slipped over his neck all he could do was cry and then, the cat calling girls pulled him through the door into the party beyond.

"Ladies and sluts, gentlemen and fuckers, here's our guest of honor, The Horse's Ass."

***

The Imp watched the horror of this man-child's senseless degradation with a heavy heart. It could sense the innocent heart of the boy and knew that nothing that was happening was deserved. But that had been the human way for as long as it could remember. Once again it wondered why the rules it was forced to live by couldn't be applied to the humans.

But wait, maybe...

***

Aiayama Sanders was shocked and heartsick at what she was seeing. She couldn't believe that these people she knew could be so heartless and cruel. She wanted nothing more than to leave, to flee the vile actions of people she thought of as her friends, but she didn't, she couldn't, not until she could free the boy she didn't even know.

***

The Imp sent it's plea. And it was answered when a gilt cup appeared in it's hand. The message was clear and it's purpose too.

***

Two and a half an hours later the furor at Daniel's entrance was dying and he hoped beyond all hope that he'd be able to escape soon. Mia had shoved him into a corner and left him a few minutes ago and the little bit of peace was helping him clear his mind.  The memories of his face being slapped, people reaching in the back of the costume and fondling him, stroking his unwilling erection, the hard butt plug being rammed in and out of his abused ass and being forced to slide the penis extension protruding from his mouth into pussy after pussy had left him weak and trembling. He was working at getting his hands free but without much success when he felt someone move beside him. He felt himself cringe, waiting for someone else to force more humiliation upon him.

Instead, he heard a sweet voice.

"Here, there's a door right behind you, let's get you out of here."

He couldn't see who it was but it didn't matter as long as she was getting him out of there. With her gentle guidance he was able to get turned around. He saw her quickly check the door and once she was sure the lights were off beyond it, then she pushed it open and helped guide him through.

When he heard the door close off the sounds of the party he relaxed.

He heard her fumbling in the dark room for a few moments, then a small light came on. He wasn't sure, not with the costume she was wearing, but he thought he might know her. She was in a female version of a Count Dracula costume, a pretty good one too from what he could see.

She hurried back over to him and hesitated only a moment before searching for the strap that held the gag in place. Once found she got it loose.

"Here, let me take that," she said as she gently took hold of the penis end.

Daniel had a little difficulty as he tried to open his strained mouth enough, but after a couple tries the two of them managed to get it out. The groan Daniel let out as his jaw was finally able to relax was loud and pained.

Aiayama quickly knelt at Daniel's head and held him, doing her best to comfort him.

"Oh, God, thank you, thank you," Daniel whispered after a while.

"Hey, there was no way I was gonna let those assholes keep doing this to you. I can't believe the shit they seem to think is funny."

The hard edge to Aiayama's voice made Daniel cringe a bit and he was sure glad this girl wasn't mad at him.

"Uh, do you think... well, could you get that thing out of..." Daniel stuttered to a stop, not wanting to actually ask this girl to take the device, whatever it was, out of his ass. It had hurt like hell when it had been pushed into him, and even more as it had been plunged in and out later, but it didn't really hurt now, it was just uncomfortable, and very humiliating. 

"Of course," Aiayama said as she rose and went behind him.

It only took a moment for her to figure out what to do and she took hold of the base of the horse tail butt plug and slowly started to pull it free.

"Um," Aiayama said, "it might help if you , you know, push a bit."

Daniel didn't answer but did start pushing a little. It surprised both of them when the plug popped free almost immediately. 

"Oh, that's so much better," his sigh of relief once it was gone was heart felt. The odor that came with it's removal couldn't be ignored, but neither of them chose to comment on it.

"I don't doubt that one bit. I'd hate to have this in me too."

All in all, it wasn't the largest butt plug in the world, but to Daniel, at thirteen, it had been huge. He glanced at the offending object and shuddered.

After seeing the boy's reaction Aiayama looked around the room and then tossed the plug into a corner.

"OK, now just how do we get you out of that thing."

Daniel told her what he remembered and soon she was well on the way to getting him free. At one point, after unzipping the belly of the costume and releasing the straps around his chest Aiayama suddenly found herself faced with Daniel's cock as she was working down his body.

Daniel, who had been feeling her work lower and lower had known where she was headed but was so embarrassed that he couldn't speak.

"You know," she chuckled, "I don't even know your name and here I am staring at your cock."

"Oh, God," Daniel groaned as he felt his cock starting to harden.

Aiayama brought her head out from below him and looked at him  in the eye.

"I'm Aiayama by the way, I really am sorry we had to meet this way."

"Uh, Uh, I'm Daniel."

"Well, Daniel, lets get this thing off you then. At least now I know who's cock I'm looking at."

When she saw Daniel's lips turn up in a smile she nodded at him and ducked back to where she had just been.

"Well, what have we here," she said in mock surprise, "Why, hello there Daniel, it's nice to meet you." Then she reached up and took his hard cock and shook it as she was shaking his hand.

"Oh, God, Aiayama, please don't, please."

"I'm sorry, this just seems so ridiculous, I was just trying make this a bit more normal, I guess." She laughed a little then. "As if any of this could ever be normal." She finished a lot more subdued.

She found the last straps that held his hands trapped and released them and helped him straighten out some. Daniel groaned as pain shot through sore and tired muscles.

***

The Imp wandered through the party now, having changed form, carrying the gilt cup in one hand and a can of orange soda in the other. It offered each party goer their choice, each, and every one chose the gilt cup.

There weren't all that many, only twenty-five, fourteen girls and eleven boys, but the Imp felt good about this, it was good to get this chance to make the humans pay at least a little for the evil they chose to do.

And it thought, as it opened the door to where the other two were hiding in the shadows, it was glad it would be allowed to reward those who had done no wrong, or had chosen to help instead of hurt.

***

Aiayama looked up as the door opened. A girl in a she-devil costume came in carrying something. Daniel was still huddled in the chair she had gotten him into, still cramped and weak. She stood between him and the newcomer, hiding his nakedness from the girl.

The she-devil stopped a few feet away and held out her hands.

"Trick or Treat." She said clearly.

In one hand were two gleaming gold cups, in the other were two cans of orange soda. Aiayama reached out and took the two sodas and thanked the girl, who simply turned and went back out.

***

The Imp wandered through the debauched orgy the party had turned into. The potion was doing it's work. It watched as cameras recorded every vile act. It knew about the technology that humans used even if it didn't understand how it worked.

***

Icons of the school Football and Basketball teams were locked in a frenzy of lust, not with any of the girls though, with each other. Mouths sucked on cocks while other cocks were buried in the cock sucker's ass, two on one. Each had a compulsion he didn't understand but needed to fill. Strangely though, even as each fulfilled the acts he was driven to, he was left unsatisfied, as if the one element he truly needed was absent. So each boy sought out more cock, cock to suck, cum to swallow, and to feel the hard thrusting of more cock, deep in his ass.

The girls were no better off, tongues slid through labia and over hard clits, fingers slammed deep into vagina and ass holes, nipples were tweaked and pulled, all to no avail. Not one of the fourteen girls could find release and the sexual tension kept growing. 

Even with all the hard cocks in the room, not one of the girls, or boys, sought a partner of the opposite sex. They couldn't see the others, in a way it was as if they had forgotten that the other sex had ever existed.

All the while a near river of pictures flowed out on the electronic signals and onto the web.

***

The Imp checked back on the couple, now cuddled behind a chair, covered in cast off coats to help keep them hidden from curious eyes that might happen by.

It was time though, so the Imp touched the girl's forehead and willed her into a deep, comforting sleep. When it was satisfied, it drew the naked boy out from the hiding place without waking him.

Now came the tricky part.

Oh so carefully the Imp slipped itself between the boy's soul and the body he wore. One mistake and the boy would die, one slip and the Imp would be trapped.

***

Daniel moved through the room. Actually, his body did, his soul, the part that made him human still slept. What had once been an Imp walked in his body, changed forever by it's choice. It would die now, something few of it's kind would ever know, but it reveled in it's chosen purpose.

With a body changed by the power of an immortal it stopped at each of the offending humans, it's now huge cock impaling each in turn, mouth, ass, pussy, filling each orifice with the mixed seed of immortal and human.

In the eleven boys that seed swept through their bodies killing the very cells that produced their sperm, leaving the boys infertile. It also swept through other tissues, shutting off the nerves that allowed the boys to feel pleasure, never again would their cocks rise, never again would cum well from their loins.

In the girls the inhuman seed had another purpose. It reached into the ovaries of each girl and selected one egg, brought it to maturity and sent it on it's way toward the rest of the waiting seed. Then, once the egg was gone, each ovary withered and died, becoming just more tissue to be reclaimed and disposed of by it's owner's body.

By morning each girl would be pregnant, each unknowingly carrying their one and only child, a child fathered by Daniel, neither of them knowing that was the case.

***

The first call to the police came at 12:37 am, a mother worried about her young son.

The second came forty seven minutes later. Both parents concerned their daughter hadn't come home, and even more worrying, didn't answer her phone.

Finally, with the third call the police took action. 

***

In the gray morning light, flashing red and blue lights stood out. Two TV crews tried desperately to get close enough to cover the scene but were firmly pushed away.

These were kids, they were told, minors. Give them their privacy. But the images that could be found on the web told another story, one of rape, defilement and debauchery.

***

Daniel, wrapped only in Dracula's cape, lay with his head in his savior's lap. Even when officials had insisted, he refused to let go of her.

The Imp, unseen, felt it's essence fading. It felt good, better than it had ever thought possible. It had given of itself, freely, without any concern for it's own existence. It was dying and welcomed it.

It had left it's gifts with the boy.

Now it could go.

***

It was Christmas day, Daniel and Aiayama lay in each other's arms, The warm glow of passion slowly fading from their eyes. 

"I love you..." it didn't matter which voice spoke, both felt the same, both knew it was true.

Deep within her body Aiayama was changing, egg and sperm had met. Egg, sperm, and something else, something that had been waiting, a gift that not been asked for, but one that had been given, as a blessing.

The Imp had thought it would die, expected to, but in this moment it had been caught up in the joy and love of these two humans. Humans it had helped save.

Finally, the Imp felt all of it's long memory fade as it joined with the essence of the two young lovers.

The immortal was no more. In a sense, it had died.

But that was the nature of things.

Death and life, both parts of the cycle...

Part of the rules.
