The Fundraiser
by AllieNF

The Nude Fundraiser: Part 34-The Variety Show

Jenna, Carly and Sarah returned to the drama room and approached Mr. Elba, the drama teacher. Carly had filled the other two girls in along the way and the three were pretty confident in the plan’s success. Carly’s spot-on impression of Acting Principal Ritaworth had hopefully had the desired effect. Mr. Turner, Mrs. Dugan and others from the School Board had remained back at the office to discuss what would happen next.

“Mr. Elba,” Jenna said “We peeked into the auditorium. It’s filling up pretty fast. What happens if they start a riot when the nature films start playing?”

Their teacher turned to them and his face was a little less strong and confident than it was when they had headed for the office.

“What’s up Mr. E?” Carly asked.

“The projector is broken. We can’t show any films. We’re going to have to actually put on a show!”

“OMG! You mean like go out and there and do sex stuff on the stage?” Sarah exclaimed almost screaming.

The room fell quiet at this.

“I hadn’t told anyone yet,” the shocked teacher said with bulging eyes. “…but no. No. Certainly not. Not sex stuff. …We’ll figure something out.”

“Mr. E, it’s already lunchtime, the theater is filling up. The time to figure something out is over.” Jenna calmly stated.

Several of the other drama club students, some with their lunches, all of them naked, began to group up around Mr. Elba and the girls.

“Look, look… I can’t ask you to do this. That was the point of not doing it. To give you a chance….to…”

“Does anyone remember the dance from Anything Goes?” Jenna interrupted her teacher and asked the group.

The students started to respond, at first tepidly, but then more strongly. “Yes.” “I think so.” “Maybe, if I’m watching someone.”

“If you think you remember it or are at least willing to try…” Jenna looked straight at Carly and took her hand… “Follow Carly backstage.” Some of the kids started to funnel out and Jenna stopped Carly, “Partner them up quickly, and I’ll be there to help.”

Mr. Elba snapped into action, “The cd is still in the booth. I’ll go get the music playing and turn on the stage lights.” He left the room.

“Sarah,” Jenna continued taking charge. “While we’re out there for the dance number, see if you can find anyone who remembers any short scenes or monologues…or even wants to sing a song.”

“Are we really gonna do this?” Sarah asked.

Jenna smiled at the freshman and reached over and tussled her pixie cut blonde hair. “You’re damn right we are. The show must go on, even if our clothes are off.”

Sarah watched Jenna walk off towards the backstage area and then went to work checking with the other students for scenes, monologues, and songs they could do next. As she worked her magic finding a random of assortment of things the drama kids could do, she heard the music start. Everyone in the drama room scurried to the backstage area to watch from the wings.

What they saw wasn’t the world’s best dancing. It was a bunch of high school students struggling to remember the moves from a dance in a musical they did in the spring. About 13 naked high school students were dancing to the song “Anything Goes” by Cole Porter…and it was simultaneously the strangest and most courageous thing many of the students in the wings had ever seen.

Mr. Elba, watching from the tech booth was proud. No costumes at all, no tap shoes, no rehearsal and not half bad. He was smiling as the girls’ hair flopped around and, though he wouldn’t admit it, the way some of the girls’ breasts were bouncing was giving him quite the hard on.

The students in the auditorium, the ones watching were at first excited…and then confused. As the number went on there was no extra touching or kissing. There were a few kicks revealing slits and breasts were bouncing…but it was somehow not enough for half the audience. They wanted more.

The naked students onstage were doing a great job, but by the time the song was done, there were boos and jeers.

Jacob came out onstage as the dances exited. He looked at the audience and announced proudly that he would now do a monologue from Richard III, to be followed by Natalie singing “Somewhere over the Rainbow.” He had just gotten into his hunched back position when things started to get hurled towards the stage. Crumpled paper and soda cans came flying at Jacob and hurried off the stage.

Mr. Elba brought up the lights in the auditorium and took to the “God Mic.”

“Students, you wanted a show. We’re the drama club. This is the show you get. You either accept it, or go on about your day. Lunch is still being served.” There was a little smugness in his voice. This wasn’t at all what he had expected to happen, but it was working. Large swathes of students were leaving the auditorium.

“Jacob,” Mr. Elba spoke again into the mic “You can come back out and do your Shakespeare now.”

The star football players and Kentucky Central High School’s current leading actor walked out onstage, fully nude with his penis dangling and he began his monologue.

Jenna watched from the wings. She had helped Jacob with this, and the fact that he still had it memorized and could perform it was a great achievement. Sarah stood beside her and Jenna put her arm around the freshman.

“So, what are you going to do after Natalie?” Jenna asked the younger girl.

“I don’t know. I think I could do Burn from Hamilton…maybe.” Sarah nervously offered.

“I’d really like to see that.” Smiled Jenna. “Really.”

Jacob finished his monologue, and Natalie took the stage. More students left, but there was hooting and hollering as the junior with the d-cups took the stage. The music started and she did an amazing job hitting all the notes in nothing but her smile. Natalie was usually a little nervous and soft spoken, but her confidence was true and strong onstage just then. Jenna watched the whole thing, and even noticed about midway through that Natalie’s nipples were hard.

The applause was genuine when Natalie was done. It was more exuberant from the wings than the auditorium, but it was genuine. There were no boos, though more students left.

Sarah stood there for a second. She knew she was next…she wasn’t sure she could do it.

Carly, who had been standing near them and knew the song choice hurried out onstage.

“Mr. Elba, Sarah is going to sing next. She’s going to do Burn from Hamilton.” Carly called up to the booth. She could see his silhouette give a thumbs up and then she exited the stage.

Jenna, who still had her arm around Sarah’s shoulders gave her a squeeze. “Go take your shot, Sarah.”

Sarah began to move slowly, as Jenna’s arm retracted from around her…but then Jenna swatted her ass, with a cute skin on skin slapping sound that was much louder than it should have been. That move caused Sarah to stumble a little forward and she was in the light. All of her.

Nervously smiling at the audience, she heard the backing track from a karaoke cd that was in the school’s library. She was used to singing overtop the voice on the cast recording… but now, it would be her. Sarah would be singing by herself. She stood proud and began the words she knew by heart. It was a little weak at first, but soon the electricity of the moment propelled Sarah forward. She could feel the warm lights on every inch of her flesh.

As she sang, she became aware that her nipples were getting hard, and she pressed on. She didn’t stop. It didn’t slow her down. She sang stronger. The excitement was filling her and making her do better than she did at home. This was a favorite for her to sing in the shower, so she had sung it without clothes on before…but never in front of an audience without her clothes on. Something about that just made her sparkle inside and out. She widened her stance as she sang. Every note true. Every note wonderful. Every moment of that beautiful and dramatic song crisply ramping her emotions.

The students backstage were in tears when she finished. Mr. Elba gave her a standing ovation from the booth. She took her bow…and for the first time during the lunch, no students left the auditorium. Sarah had captivated everyone.

And the students who stayed, stayed. They remained through each successive act of the drama club’s little naked variety show. They some stayed until the very end. They applauded after each performance. Supporting their friends or their crushes…or whatever. Some of the students just liked watching naked people perform.

Honestly, Jenna couldn’t blame them. Watching her fellow students exhibiting their talents fully without costumes had become something beautiful to her. It wasn’t about the showmanship of presentation. It was about the showmanship of the people. It was watching them take that breath and sing their song or speak their words and just performing…they either forgot they were naked or just didn’t care. To some, she imagined, that was part of their performance. They were pretending they weren’t naked. The nervousness of being unclothed took away the nervousness of performing. She, herself, thought she had done better in Anything Goes than she had during any of the performances last spring. …it was almost show quality, if she’d been able to wear her tap shoes.

When the bell rang, there were about 50 students still watching. Mr. Elba thanked them and the performers over the mic. The A Lunch students had left a road map for the B Lunch students to follow, and follow it they would.

…But Jenna, Sarah, Carly and the others had classes to go to now.

Jenna had gym. She wasn’t looking forward to it, but she wasn’t scared of it. Despite the lunch going differently than anyone had planned, it had given her confidence. It had given her hope. It had done what Mr. Elba wanted, mostly, she felt like they were actually in control again.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 35-The Gym Class

As Jenna strode through the hallways towards the gym, her confidence was on her mind.

Her first thoughts were actually doubtful of the confidence she was feeling. She was wondering if she wasn’t confident and just aroused. Watching some of the boys and girls perform may have been exciting in more ways than just support for her friends. She knew she had gotten tingly and a little wet during the performances. Is that what she was misinterpreting?

She shook it off and continued towards the gym. She noticed the stares and cat calls in a way that was at the same time oblivious to them. It wasn’t ignoring them. It was just that they had become the dull sound of background noise. In time, they would fade into the din of the hallways she supposed. How far things had come in just one day. This morning that was the only sound she heard.

As she came closer to the gym, she remembered that she had already had a not so pleasant interaction with her teacher, Coach Weir. She had been with Coach Morgan when Jenna had gone out to rescue Sarah. This memory slowed her walk a little. …but could not stop her. She had to go to gym today.

She had to go to gym mainly because she had missed it on Friday. Due to her altercations with Lauren, and the fear that some of the cheerleaders had made a deal with boys in the class to toss Jenna into the dumpster to dirty her up before the pep rally, she had spent much of the time in the attendance office with Miss Carol. Jenna doubted she could pull off the same maneuver today. She wasn’t really worried that the boys the cheerleaders had made a deal with would go through with the same plan today, but it was a thought in her mind. Lauren was out of the picture physically for today, but surely things had come to light since Friday among the cheer squad that might put Jenna in jeopardy… she shrugged it off. Deciding to be cautious and alert, but not overly concerned.

There was some joy that came to her as she almost reached the gym doors, this was the first time today she’d actually get more than a passing moment with both Livie and Kenzie, two of her best friends. The girls were among the very few people who had seen Jenna in the nude before last Friday, due to a very naughty sleepover that had occurred during the summer covid had rampaged the country. Honestly, Jenna had gotten very few moments with her friends since Friday. They only gym and math together this year, and on Friday she had skipped gym and math had been cancelled for the pep rally. Everything else at school had just been a whirlwind and she just hadn’t had the time apart from a few texts over the weekend. She’d at least get a few minutes in the locker room while they were dressing into their gym clothes.

Jenna entered the gym. There was applause from a smattering of the students. This was her first class with regular students since the event in her history class with Emily and since the variety show that all of these students could have seen. She wasn’t sure which event was causing the applause…but the number of students participating was enough to bring her some kind of comfort. She had friends in this class. Yes, she did. Jenna saw that both Livie and Kenzie were among those applauding. That made her smile.

…Then Coach Weir ruined the moment.

“Get you butts in the locker rooms and get changed! We have a big day.” The teacher shouted, punctuating her command with a whistle.

Jenna started heading for the locker room, even if all she had to do was get her bag in a locker. Coach Weir ruined that too.

The crotchety gym teacher sneered at her student, “Where do you think you’re going, Jennaked Jenakins?” And followed it up with a cackle at what she thought was a clever name.

Jenna cringed at the sound. She stopped and turned around.

“Put your bag under the bleachers and get in your squad row. You’re already ‘changed.’” The Coach ordered, using quote fingers for the word ‘Changed.’

Jenna complied. It wasn’t difficult and maybe letting the coach have a few of the easy ones was the best course of action.

The bell rang for the official start of class…and a beat later the loudspeaker came on with an announcement from the main office.

“Students of Kentucky Central High School, I’m Mrs. Dugan of the school board.” The voice paused for a brief moment. “Some of you may have seen the ambulance pull up out front. I wanted to address that. Former acting Principal Ritaworth has been removed from her post and sent to the hospital for evaluation. We wish her a speedy recovery.”

Jenna smiled. That last part was a lie, but no need to rub salt on the wound by saying it.

Mrs. Dugan’s voice continued. “In the interim the board has decided to install Vice Principal Adams as the new acting principal.”

Her eyes went wide and there was a sudden pit in her stomach, Jenna knew that wasn’t the plan.

The sound of the phone switching hands came through the intercom, followed by Mr. Adams’ speaking. “Students, staff and faculty are to refrain from any teasing, touching, and all other humiliating acts against any students, specifically the brave boys and girls from the drama club. …Until further notice. Thank You.”

And the intercom clicked off.

Jenna’s mind started doing somersaults. That wasn’t the plan. It wasn’t as strong as the actions that had been decided. It didn’t give the drama kids the power or rights to fight back. What did he mean by ‘Until further notice?’ Every ounce of confidence that Jenna walked into the room with was gone. Her posture deflated as several students started flowing out of the locker rooms in their gym clothes.

Sitting naked on the floor of the gym a few moments later, surrounded by all of the other students, who were not naked, made Jenna feel self-conscious in a different way than being naked at a desk in a room filled with clothed students.

The act of sitting on the floor was generally normal for this situation, but unclothed it felt awkward. She kept trying to adjust to feel more comfortable…to keep parts of her body from touching the disgusting floor. Her squirming was not helping her. The roller coaster of excitement, confidence, fear, loss of confidence, sudden arrival of the unknown parameters and change in plans…it had been playing on her mind. While she was not what she knew to be traditionally horny, her body and mind craved an escape…a release.

“Jenna, are you alright?” Livie asked from the column beside her.

“Yes, I’m-” Jenna started to answer but was interrupted by Coach Weir.

“Alright, 10 laps of the gym as a warm up. Get moving. Hustle! Hustle! Hustle!”

At least things were going to be normal, Jenna thought as she got to her feet and started jogging the edges of the gym with the rest of the students. Her c-cups bouncing gently with her strides. She hated doing this without shoes and her feet were still slightly tender from the parking lot and her rescue of Sarah, but she could handle it. She just did it. This was normal. This is what gym class is like when you’re naked. It wasn’t anything special.

Some of the boys started speeding up and bumping Jenna as they passed her, brushing against her and running into her on purpose. She kept a good pace, but these boys were doing it on purpose.

Livie and Kenzie tried to provide some cover, jogging closer to Jenna…but it was no use. Kenzie was knocked fully to the floor for her efforts.

“This is madness, she should be stopping this.” Livie half whispered to Jenna.

“Not going to happen. Coach Weir isn’t hiding her contempt towards me or her joy in my predicament.” Jenna responded as best she could between bumping.

“I haven’t had a chance to tell you, I was sorry for what happened in your history class.” Livie’s comfort was interrupted by a passing boy.

“Thank You.” Jenna earnestly said to her friend as their teacher blew her whistle ending the warm-up.

“Long Enough,” she shouted, “Time for volleyball.”

Some of the boys who had finished their jog fast were pulling out the net and balls for the game.

Coach Weir looked at the class, some of them still catching their breath. “Today, we’re playing guys versus girls…with one exception.”

Jenna’s eyes and head sank. Expecting the worst.

“Jenna will play on the boys team. Center position. Never rotate.” She smiled with a broken smile that said she knew what she was doing. “Hit the court!”

Livie grabbed Jenna’s hand and squeezed it as the girls parted for their respective sides.

After a moment of figuring out the starting line-ups. The game began.

The first few volleys showed Jenna exactly what she was up against. The boys took every opportunity to be in her space and touching her. Bumping into her, as they did in the jog among other things. After each positive move, whether she was involved or not, several of the boys would swat her ass. Some had turned it into a game of tackle volleyball, as almost every play ended with a pile on top of Jenna.

The girl’s team had already scored enough points to win. The boys weren’t playing for that honor, they had a different goal in mind.

The actions of the boys continued to get more aggressive, but Jenna couldn’t fight back. The new acting principal didn’t give her that power. He did dissuade this type of torture… but there wasn’t anyway Jenna could stop it.

She could see Livie and Kenzie on the other team, worried and scared for the friend. Livie had tried to talk to Coach Weir about it, but was rebuked and threatened with detention.

Jenna continued to take the abuse well into the second half of the class, the boys finally getting daring enough to try and actually touch her pussy during the pile-on at the end of each play.

Their actions weren’t helping her mild state of arousal. The heightened activity, the stress, the fear all added to Jenna’s swirling and misunderstood emotions. She imagined this is what a boy getting a hard on during a moment at the chalk board felt like. She couldn’t really pinpoint why she was feeling what she was feeling, she shouldn’t have been feeling it…but she was.

And when Coach Weir blew the whistle for the end of the game, Jenna had already planned to try to get some relief in the shower, if at all possible.

…But Coach Weir ruined that too. “Hit the showers!”

Jenna started for the girl’s locker room and the comfort of her friends.

“Not so fast, Jenna.” Coach hollered out. “You played with the boys; you shower with the boys.”

Jenna’s heart sank as all the boys in earshot cheered. Some of the girls laughed. Coach Weir cackled again.

There was no way out of this. Jenna looked at Livie and Kenzie, and their eyes were supportive. They’d be there for her when she got out. After all, they would be going to the same class after this one, Science with Mrs. Apgar and Carly would be there.

Jenna used that thought to gather some strength. Besides it was only 5 or so minutes before the bell would ring. There couldn’t be that much trouble in 5 minutes. Especially if she walked slow.

Coach Weir noticed the change in pace and whistled. “Get a hustle on, you’re a dirty bitch after that game, Jenna.”

She took a deep breath that lifted the breasts on her naked body, and as ordered headed for the boy’s locker room. What waited in there? Jenna could only guess…but she was about to find out.


