"Look on the bright side, Merlin. At least we were headed this way anyway."

"I suppose." Merlin took comfort from the brush of Ferox's fur against his cheek. Arthur didn't really approve of her being out of her cage but she'd kept crying, very unhappy at being roused from a nice sleep by a warm fire and dragged out of doors into the morning chill. Merlin felt a good deal of empathy for the creature: he wasn't at all keen on this quest either.

"Bit of a coincidence, really," said Arthur. "It being the same place."

"Big local landmark," said Merlin. "I hope Aloysius is alright."

"I just hope we can trust him."

"Hmm." Truthfully, Merlin couldn't be sure he did. In fact, he couldn't really recall Aloysius stating an allegiance; he may have given them a warning but there was no way of knowing whether it was just a more elaborate kind of trap.

Except that Aloysius had looked so very frightened when he'd left Arthur and Merlin to go back to the Fox and the Lady, and Merlin remembered the tremble of the boy's hand after they stole the ring.

Ferox settled herself around Merlin's shoulders, and he wound her lead securely around his hand, and they were on their way.

They followed a fork in the road about a mile from the town, which quickly narrowed to a rough dirt-track, rarely used. The path was completely straight and true, not a bend or deviation in sight; it crossed a stream, cut through an outcrop of rock, and finally climbed a hill.

On top of the hill, shrouded in morning mist and silhouetted against an angry dawn sky, were the crumbling remains of the fort.

"Looks welcoming," said Merlin. "Maybe there's another tree somewhere else. We should check."

"Come on, Merlin. This whole journey was your idea in the first place!"

Merlin wanted to say something about being pretty certain he'd already had the best thing this journey had to offer, and was there any chance of going back to Camelot at full gallop to have it some more, but he couldn't quite find the words.

Besides, he had no reason to assume it would ever happen again.

And that was a truly depressing thought.

"Merlin?"

"Let's get this over with," Merlin said, and nudged his horse back into motion.

The sun was edging above the horizon by the time they arrived at the ruined gatehouse. They left the horses and Ferox outside, Ferox grumbling loudly as Merlin tucked her back in her cage. Merlin followed Arthur cautiously through the huge arch where the southern gates once stood, to the courtyard beyond; a tiny fraction of the size of Camelot, everything square and linear, but of the same sturdy construction.

Merlin heard the tree long before he saw it. A familiar chime in his head, agonising and beautiful all at once. Ignoring Arthur's direction to continue on their path through the centre of the fort, Merlin followed his instinct and turned into what had once been a room of considerable size. Intricately patterned tiles still showed through the dirt and dust; there was cracked paint on the walls.

In the centre of the room was a shallow pool, and just beyond it, growing wild through brick and stone, the tree.

It was magic. It sang. Merlin reached out, suddenly desperate to touch…

"Merlin!" Arthur grabbed Merlin's shoulder and pulled him back. "Be careful, you idiot. The floor's not safe!"

Merlin dragged his eyes from the tree and looked down: Arthur was right. There were huge cracks in the floor, revealing what looked like a maze of tunnels a good distance below, pillars and vaults, like the Great Hall in miniature.

"Come on, Merlin," Arthur whispered, pulling Merlin into the shadows of a recess in the wall. "If nothing else we can use our element of surprise. They might not come alone, and I don't like the idea of being outnumbered in a place like this."

"Maybe you should have brought an elephant."

"I don't think it would have got through the doors, Merlin."

Merlin snorted.

Arthur gave him a sidelong glance. "Merlin, do you even know what an elephant looks like?"

"Yeah, 'course I do. It's… big. And, um, hairy."

Arthur laughed softly. "Not exactly. Although, you were right about the size. They're about twice the height of a horse and they could fell a line of men just with a swing of their trunks."

"Trunks?"

"You know, their-" Arthur dangled his arm in front of his face in an inexplicable gesture. "-well, their noses, only really really long, like a tail, and they have tusks and huge ears and…."

Merlin stared at Arthur as if he were mad.

"I know it sounds a little outlandish," Arthur said.

"Just a little," Merlin said.

"There were pictures," Arthur said, peevishly. "I'll show you when we get back. Now, shush. I can hear something."

Merlin and Arthur watched from their hiding place as three cloaked figures entered the courtyard. Merlin recognised the Lady and Aloysius immediately; the third must be the Master. when he finally pulled back his cloak it was to reveal only a mask; smooth black with feathers etched at the edges, narrow slits for him to see through.

"You are sure he will be here?" said the Master, his voice deep, distorted somewhat by the mask and the echo of the room.

"Yes, my Lord," said the Lady.

"And he is the one I asked for? The Lord of Dragons?"

Merlin went cold; his stomach flipped.

"That's Pendragon, you idiot," Arthur muttered. "And I'm a Prince. Honestly, Merlin, sorcerers. They're not just warped, they're stupid."

Merlin closed his eyes for a moment, loving Arthur from the bottom of his heart for his innocence, his arrogance and his absolute, misplaced, trust. At the same time a few things were dropping into place: why here, why him, why the tree. And why, Merlin thought, possibilities scrambling around his brain, he had to get Arthur out of here, and fast, before someone said something so incriminating even Arthur couldn't deny it.

"You can give me the items while we're waiting, my dear," the Master said. "Let's see the proof of your cunning."

"What are you going to do with them?" Aloysius asked. He looked pale, showing none of the swagger he'd had when Merlin first met him.

"Not that it's any of your business, boy, but I'm going to forge the mightiest magical weapon ever known. Can you hear it? The song of the tree, ringing with power and magic? Oh, no, of course you can't. You can only read minds, isn't that so? And even then, only the tiny minds of ordinary people."

Aloysius nodded meekly.

"And yet, without you we would never have found the Lord of Dragons." The Master leaned in closer to Aloysius, his voice low and menacing. "You deserve a reward. Doesn't he, my Lady?"

"Eryr, no. The boy hasn't done anything."

Aloysius stepped back, terrified. "Please, I didn't mean anything! I don't know anything; I just did as I was told! Please!"

The Master raised his hand, one cruel finger pointed at Aloysius's heart, and as the Lady screamed "No!" Arthur's arm shot across Merlin's chest, holding him back.

The Master shouted a single word, and Aloysius froze, as if turned to stone; his face twisted in fear, his fists clenched, his hips twisted, trying, too late, to turn and run.

Anger flared in Merlin's chest; he struggled in Arthur's hold. The Lady turned on The Master, furious.

"You had no reason to do that, Eryr. Release him."

"I don't think so," said the Master. "I think you're going to hand the items over now. And if the Lord of Dragon's doesn't show up, I'm thinking the boy might have a future as a garden ornament. I have a space near the fountain. Do you remember, My Lady? You used to like walking there, once upon a time."

"I'm telling you for the last time, Eryr: release him. Or you will have had a wasted journey."

The Master - Eryr - sighed. "I tire of this, My Lady. And as for you, Lord of Dragons, you may as well come out of the shadows. Let's get this over with."

"Shit," muttered Arthur, and with a shove to Merlin's chest to keep him behind him, he strode out into the room. Merlin staggered to keep his footing and scrambled out of their hiding place a little way behind, heart racing.

"Interesting," said Eryr.

"It's me you want," said Merlin. "Leave him alone."

"No!" said Arthur, but before Merlin could do anything Eryr's hand had come up and Merlin felt the streak of energy rush past him, and suddenly, terribly, Arthur was still.

"You'll regret that," Merlin growled, working hard to tame his magic, to stop himself from blasting Eryr where he stood. He's still alive, he's still alive, he's still alive…

"That's better," Eryr said. "Now we've got rid of all these-" He waved his hand dismissively. "-extraneous people, let's get down to business. My Lady, the items."

"I won't co-operate," Merlin said.

"No, I don't suppose you will, at first." The Master sighed. "A demonstration, then."

Eryr reached towards Aloysius, but this time his fingers curled, traced a delicate pattern in the air and it was only at the last moment that Merlin felt the push of magic.

Aloysius's form shifted, twisted, fell and rose again, not as a young man but as a rat with big black whiskers and a long, scaly tail. He took one look at Eryr, squeaked in terror, and fled.

"Now," said Eryr. "What shall I turn the Prince of Camelot into? A dog, perhaps, a little yappy puppy? A snake? Or a rabbit, perhaps. He would make good hunting."

"Tell me what to do," said Merlin. "But don't think you're going to get away with this."

"Excellent," said Eryr, his eyes glittering with malice behind his mask. "Come here."

Merlin approached Eryr slowly, not taking his eyes off him for a second. The sound of the tree filled Merlin's head.

"Stand in the water," Eryr said. "And touch the tree."

Merlin stepped reluctantly into the pool; water quickly flooded his boots, lapped at his calves. He didn't feel the cold; the tree called to him, strong and strangely soothing. He touched the crisp, warm bark, and closed his eyes.

Merlin

Merlin breathed, felt magic course through him, blending with his own.

Then a cold, clammy hand grasped his other wrist, and power shot through him, from the tree to Merlin, from Merlin to the pool, and from the pool to Eryr.

"Now, my Lady," said Eryr. "The items."

Eryr held out his other hand to the Lady, and waited.

Very slowly her hands went to the back of neck, and unclasped her pendant.

She passed it to Eryr; he dropped it into the pool and Merlin felt a soft fizz as it dissolved to golden liquid, swirling around his boots. The Lady pulled her dice cup from the recesses of her cloak, and placed it in Eyry's hand. Again, he dropped it to the pool, and like the pendant it melted into the water.

The Lady stepped back, hesitated.

"And the ring," he said. "Come on. Don't make me take your lovely finger along with it."

"Oh Eryr," she said. "So dramatic."

"I could, you know."

The Lady sighed. "I know." She slipped the ring from her finger.

"No," Merlin whispered.

"I loved him like a son," she said. "For that, I cannot forgive you, Eryr."

The Master's hand shook with sudden anger; he dropped Merlin's arm and turned towards her.

"No!" Merlin said. "Leave her alone."

"I'm sorry, Merlin," the Lady said, and tossed the ring away. It hit the floor, rattled, rolled, and with a dull thud fell through a crack.

The magic around Merlin changed, blackened, grew fierce and wrong.

Eryr roared with anger, and power exploded around them. The Lady fell screaming to the floor, convulsed and scratched at the hard stone beneath her; Merlin wrenched himself from the tree and the pool and rushed to her, falling to his knees by her side.

She was quiet, barely breathing. Her lips were blue and where Merlin held her he felt strange shapes within her, shifting and moving, sickening.

"Believe me, It was never my intention to hurt Aloysius, Merlin," the Lady whispered. Her eyes were wet; her fingertips were trembling. "Kill Eryr and his magic dies with him. Save them, if you can, Merlin. Good luck."

Her body went blessedly limp in Merlin's arms. He turned to Eryr and held out his hand with deadly calm. The magic of the tree still coursed through him; the power of a Dragonlord, of a sorcerer, of the fire and the earth, of the wind and the water.

Merlin threw the force of his anger at Eryr, and in a swirl of light and dust, Eryr was gone.

The tree roared in Merlin's head; the fractured spell was breeding chaos and dissonance.

Merlin left the Lady's body on the stone and ran across the room to Arthur, but before he even got there he saw the flicker of life through the glassy stillness. Merlin caught Arthur before he fell, held him close and felt the life breathe back through him.

"Damn," Arthur murmured. "That hurt like fuck."

"Where'd you learn language like that?" Merlin said, with a feeble laugh.

"Must be the company I'm keeping. What happened?"

"Later," Merlin said. "We've still got a problem." He pointed at the pool, which was steaming and bubbling, mist rising and crackling with magic. "The Master started something over there and I think we have to finish it, or the world might end or… well, at the very least there'll be a big explosion or evil or something."

Arthur blinked at him. "What?"

"Just trust me," said Merlin. "Can you stand on your own?"

"I'm fine, Merlin," said Arthur, irritably. "Stop fussing."

"Good, 'cos we need to move fast!" Merlin grabbed Arthur's hand and ran, dodging cracks and holes in the floor, out of the room, down the passageway and back to the gatehouse, where the horses waited patiently, munching grass, oblivious to the chaos on the other side of the wall.

Arthur was about to leap onto Hengroen when Merlin stopped him. "I have to go back," Merlin said, frantically twitching at the ties on Ferox's cage. "Complete the spell."

"Why? You don't know what you're doing, Merlin; anything could happen!"

Merlin knew all too well what would happen: every instinct was screaming at him to finish this or else it would finish itself, and that would be a bad, bad thing.

Somewhere in his head echoed the voice of a dragon, and Merlin knew.

"Come on," Merlin said, plucking Ferox from her cage. "I don't have time to explain, Arthur. Please, trust me!"

Arthur's face was like thunder, but he said nothing, and when Merlin ran back into the fort, Arthur was at his side.

Ferox was trembling in Merlin's arms; he held her close, whispered soothing noises into her ear, stroked her soft, luxuriant fur.

"I'm sorry," he whispered. "I need you to do this."

He tracked across the crumbling floor until he found the place. There was a hole just a few feet away from where the Lady had fallen. Merlin put Ferox down, kissed the top of her head and whispered. "Shiny. Find the shiny, Ferox. Go on…."

Ferox slithered through the hole, and disappeared.

"Merlin!"

Arthur was pointing at the tree, but Merlin already knew. It was ripping apart, one huge branch falling into the water. The ground lurched beneath their feet, and Merlin watched helplessly as the floor cracked and crumbled. Merlin stumbled, fell to his knees, scrabbled at the ruins of the floor in the hope of catching sight of Ferox, but there was nothing but rubble. Merlin's heart sank. He felt sick.

"I'm sorry," he whispered.

"Merlin."

Merlin choked back a sob.

"Merlin, you big girl, here."

Merlin looked up, saw Arthur a few feet away. There was something in his arms, something familiar, furry and very much alive.

"Ferox!" yelled Merlin, and ran across the floor, careless of the fact that it was disintegrating under every footfall.

Not only was Ferox alive, but there was a glint of gold between her teeth. Merlin buried his face shamelessly in her fur and laughed as Ferox opened her mouth to squeak at him and the ring fell safe into his palm.

*

As soon as Merlin dropped the ring into the pool, the magic swirling around them calmed. The water glowed golden, rainbow colours wrapping around the dead limb that lay there. As Merlin watched the branch split and aged; lost its leaves and withered. There was a sigh that might have been the wind, and everything was still.

The tree was quiet, then, its magic no more than a soft hum in Merlin's mind.

Merlin put his hand tentatively into the water. It felt… wet. Cold. Just water.

He curled his fingers around the branch, and pulled it out.

He tapped it experimentally on the side of the pool, shifted it in his hand.

It felt right. Comfortable to hold. It would make a pretty good walking-staff, actually.

Merlin

Oh. Perhaps not so much a walking-staff.

"What is that?" Arthur asked. Ferox was wrapped around his shoulders, nibbling at his hair, but he didn't seem to mind.

"I think," Merlin said, with a hint of regret, "it might be the most powerful weapon ever forged."

"Really? That's the weapon the Master talked about? Looks like a bit of old wood to me."

Merlin could feel his magic leaking from his skin into the bark, filling it with energy and its own kind of life. It felt like the Sidhe staff, only a hundred times more powerful.

Briefly Merlin considered lying to Arthur, and keeping the staff for himself. It didn't feel like a bad sort of thing. It could be incredibly useful.

Then Merlin remembered Excalibur, and the dragon, and said, "it could be dangerous, you never know. We should keep it somewhere safe."

Arthur nodded his agreement. "Come on, Merlin. Let's get out of here."

Merlin had turned to follow Arthur, the staff comfortable in his hand, as if he'd always held it there, when he remembered.

"Just a moment," he said. "Take this. Go back to the horses. I've just got to get the thing, for Gaius. It's over there. I'll catch up in a minute."

Arthur shrugged, took the staff and made his way across the shattered floor.

Merlin pulled a small earthenware jar and a knife from his pocket, and splashed through the pool to the tree. He opened its bark, and let the sap drip slowly into the jar.

"For Leon," he whispered, when he was done. He screwed the jar tight closed, and left.

Arthur was standing by the horses, tossing the staff lightly from hand to hand, feeling its weight and heft, staring up at the sky.

"All done," Merlin said. "We can go now."

"Just a minute," Arthur said. "There's a huge hawk up there, can you see it?"

Merlin squinted through the early morning sun. The bird was calling out, circling over the fort.

"Oh yeah," Merlin said.

"Pity Rupert's not here to see it."

"He'd have run away before we even got here," Merlin said.

As it happened, when they got back to Camelot it transpired that the Royal Falconer had handed in his resignation in their absence, and hadn't been seen since.

Merlin wasn't sorry.

*

Merlin finished the spell and let the magic wash from him to the newly-mixed potion in the flask on Gaius's workbench. He breathed across the surface of the liquid, causing steam to rise; the steam was sucked into a contraption Gaius had built to catch and trap the gas. It ended up a swirling cloud in a flask at the other end of a series of tubes and pipes. As soon as the flask was full Gaius stoppered it. He held it up to the light, peering curiously at it.

"Well, that should be it," he said, matter-of-factly.

"When will Leon be finished with the King?"

"I think about an hour. He said he'd call in on his way home."

Merlin slumped back on his stool. "It had better work, that's all I can say."

"I'm sure it will. You've done very well, my boy. I'm proud of you."

Merlin grinned. "I'm not sure Arthur is. He's been complaining ever since we got back that all I ever do is get him in trouble."

"I would have thought he'd have got used to that by now. The rest of us have."I can't blame Arthur for going with you, though. I should have liked to see Neath myself," Gaius said, wistfully.

"It isn't much to look at. Big ruins, magic tree, and the floors are weird. They have all these… tunnels, underneath."

"Tunnels?"

"Kind of. Like big pillars of rock, with gutters or something-"

"A hypercaust!" Gaius exclaimed.

"Bless you," said Merlin.

"No, they were a magnificent invention. The Romans were very advanced, Merlin, never underestimate their achievements."

"Not you too. The elephants were bad enough."

"I beg your pardon?"

"Never mind. What's a hypercaust?"

"It's a sort of heating, Merlin. Instead of having big smoky fires like we do, they heated water and channeled it under the floors. Heat rises, you see. Quite a miracle of engineering. Heated the water in the bath-houses, too."

"You mean, no-one had to run up and down stairs with buckets of hot water all the time?"

"Well, no, I suppose not."

"Oh," said Merlin, wistfully.

"Anyway, I hope you've learned your lesson about gambling, Merlin. It never ends well."

"Don't worry, I have. But… it's complicated, you know? The Lady and Aloysius weren't like other gamblers. I know what they did was wrong, but I felt so sorry for her, at the end. And Aloysius…. it's very sad."

Gaius leaned back against the bench, arms folded across his chest. "There was a story I heard once from a storyteller who came here to Camelot, many years ago. It was about a noblewoman who lived in the lands far to the west. The Lady was alone, with no suitors and no friends, her only companion a hawk. She loved this hawk so much that she paid a sorcerer to change his shape to that of a man, so that he could marry her. But the hawk as a man was nothing like the hawk she'd known as a bird, and so their love withered and died, and she cast him from her realm. The hawk was devastated and swore that one day he would have his revenge."

Merlin and Gaius exchanged a long look. "Do you think-" Merlin started.

There was a knock on the door, a cough, and Leon came in. He looked pale, and Merlin could hear the rasp of his breath across the room.

"Ah, Sir Leon!" said Gaius. "I have a new remedy for you to try, if you will?"

"I'll try anything once," Leon said, with a weak smile. "Never give up, eh Merlin?"

"No," said Merlin. "Never give up."

*

"So," said Arthur, who was sitting on the edge of his bed, pulling on his nightshirt. "Leon starts back training again tomorrow. I can scarcely believe it."

"No," said Merlin. "Me neither." He squinted at his darning needle, steering the thread through the eye. Ferox watched him, curious, her beady little eyes watching the play of the firelight on the metal.

"Don't even think about it," Merlin told her. "I've already lost four in the past week. Camelot doesn't have an endless supply of shiny objects, you know."

Ferox grunt-squeaked at him, and waddled off to her spot by the fire.

"Merlin," said Arthur.

"Mmm?"

"What happened in Riverthorn…."

"Oh."

Merlin put his mending down. He'd been waiting for this talk ever since they'd got back from their trip, and hoping that perhaps it wouldn't happen. He'd been very careful not to mention it himself, or to presume anything, or expect anything. When they stopped on the way back he was very particular about securing a room with two beds, and once back at Camelot it was pleasantly simple to revert to their old routine.

That wasn't to say that Merlin didn't lie awake at night remembering Arthur's touch on his skin, or the warmth of his kisses. But he also knew it belonged in the past and he most certainly didn't want to talk about it.

"I was wondering. If you wanted to, I don't know, do it again some time."

Merlin stared. Arthur shrugged, not quite meeting his eye. Merlin knew that look; Arthur was bracing himself for bad news. For rejection.

"Really?" Merlin had hoped for casual, but his voice came out as nothing short of eager.

Arthur patted the bed at his side, a delighted sort of smile playing on his lips.

Heart soaring, Merlin joined him.

fin

Extracts from Vegetius, by Arnheimsdomain