Truth or Dare

Hellooo out there?! LOL Hi, I was hoping other people would tell their stories but hardly anyone posts things : ( *sadness* Well here is something that happened to me recently.. it was really bad but here goes anyway... 

I went to a sleepover and for some reason everyone was in a really odd mood, and we all started playing truth or dare. The rules were that you could hear the dare first but after that if you chose it you had to follow through no matter what. All the dares involved taking off clothes in one form or another and doing something silly or embarrassing. Some of the dares were like stripping to your underwear and running around the house or yard like that. Some were even to do it totally naked. Nearly everyone, except my crazy friend Laura, chickened out of the fully naked ones. Laura on the other hand was dared to strip totally naked and run through every room in house that way, and she actually did it! Laura is a cut blonde with big boobs and a small waist. She's *real sexy* lol! She took her shirt and bra off, and then pulled her pants and underwear off and got totally naked. We cheered and applauded her boldness. The guys would not stop commenting on her nice round boobies and trimmed pubes. It was carved into a little stripe, lol! She ran through the house with her big boobies (I was so jealous of them) and butt jiggling around and didn’t seem too embarrassed at all! I couldn’t believe she actually did it! 

Well next it was my turn, and Laura dared me to stand in the middle of the room for 20 minutes straight like a mannequin without moving or making any sounds. If I moved she said the rule would be that I would have to start all over again. In comparison to the other dares I thought that would be easy enough so I agreed. So standing there they start the timer and the first thing I know, Laura walks up, pulls the stings on my pj bottoms lose and proceeds to pull my pants down to my ankles! I was like, “Hey! No fair!!” and everyone was like, “Ooooooh no way you agreed to do it!! You know the rules! Start the clock again!!”, and “You can’t chicken out now!!” Everyone was yelling something. I felt so stupid for falling for this and suddenly realized what I was in store for now. With the way everyone was at the time I knew that if I chickened out now my punishment would probably be something worse anyway. So I stood there and just let everyone abuse me for the next 20 minutes. Laura pulled my pants down leaving me standing there in my purple knickers then started unbuttoning my top. Once she got it unbuttoned she pulled it open and slid it off me. She didn’t stop there though. I just stood there gritting my teeth trying not to laugh or cry out as she popped the back of my bra open and then asked everyone if they all wanted to see my little boobies. Everyone cheered her on of course so she pulled my bra off from the front exposing my titties to everyone there. I like my titties, they are not real big but are very perky *lol!* I stood there totally still with everyone staring at me in only my little knickers now. Feeling a little bit of a chill I felt my nipples get really hard all of a sudden. I felt like everyone’s eyes were burning holes in my near naked body standing there on display. My nipples were rock hard and pointing straight out! As if this wasn’t bad enough Laura decided to further mess with me by lowering her head down, pressing her mouth on my stomach and blowing real hard making loud “fart” noises on my stomach with her wet mouth! A soon as she did that I couldn’t take it and burst out laughing pushing her away from me. I felt her wet tongue in belly button and the vibration of her lips as she blew on my tummy like that tickled! I couldn’t help it! Everyone started yelling “Cheater!” and “Time to do it again girl!” and even “Make her do it again… naked!!” I covered my breasts feeling a little embarrassed but as much as I sheepishly tried to beg my way out of this no one was letting me quit this now. They told me that now I had to start from the beginning again because I broke the rules. 

So they reset the clock and I began again. I couldn’t believe I was going through with this but at the same time I was kinda turned on by it too *blush*. At first Laura put her face close to my body and I was afraid she was going to blow on my stomach again, but instead she just moved her face all around my body like a 1/4 inch from touching my skin. It was creeping me out but I held my ground using every ounce to hold myself still. Then she moved her face down lower REALLY close to my, ummm, well..crotch of my knickers! Everyone started laughing! I still held my ground but wanted to scream inside! She stuck her tongue out and started to wiggle it up and down right close to my.. u know what! I almost started laughing at what she was doing. Then she circled around to my backside. I don’t know what she was doing but everyone was breaking out in laughs. I am sure it was something humiliating to me. The I felt thumbs hook under the waist band of my knickers on both sides and in a flash she yanked my knickers down to the floor in one fell swoop! Oh my God I couldn’t believe she had done that! It totally startled me and I let out a little screech and jumped. Everyone went nuts yelling, “Ha ha! Start again! Ha ha! Start again!” So they reset the clock and I had to stand there naked with my boobies, butt, and shaved bare kitty on display! 

For the next 20 minutes I got teased and taunted in every way. I got water sprinkled on me, my butt slapped, paper wads thrown at me, I got licked in various places (no not there!), and I even felt someone stick something in my butt (not inside though! Gross!). It felt like a straw or a pen or something put between my cheeks and left there. Then someone turned out the lights! I felt hands all over me, even running across my boobs and nipples. I even felt someone run their finger up my thighs and up the crack of my butt! It totally tickled. Then someone did the same but up the front of my thighs and right across my.. *ehem* you know what! It tickled and made me get *wet* *blush!* Tingling I shuddered with short little breaths slightly shaking but trying to not let the ticking caresses and groping break my will. Clenching my muscles tight I toughed it out as I continued to get grabbed, groped and abused for the remainder of the time till the alarm on the timer went off and the light came back on. Everyone applauded and I could see some of the guys had, ummm, seemed to *really* like it..if you know what I mean. I liked it! :) 

It was bad, but really fun too! I want to do it again someday.