Brian let out a whoop as the kite rose into the air. Raul jerked the string, tweaking it higher, then suddenly it dipped and nosedived onto the sand.

"It needs a better tail," Raul called to Brian. "Perhaps ribbons?"

"Let's try again," Brian urged, lifting the kite up. Raul started to run along the beach, Brian threw the kite into the air, and it flapped up towards the sky, higher this time.

"Yes!" Raul shouted, holding the string high above his head.

"Give me a go," Brian begged, running up to Raul. Raul grinned and held the kite away; Brian ducked under his arm and tried to grab it. The two of them went down in a tangle of limbs into the sand, and the kite fell like a stone on top of them.

Chris and Linus, watching from the comfort of deck chairs outside Chris's house, both laughed.

"Honestly, those boys," Linus said to Chris, in a tone of mock exasperation. "You'd think they were fourteen, the way they behave sometimes."

"Well, it's good they can play together so nicely." Chris was joking, but also voicing something he'd been thinking for a while. With Raul around, Brian was able to be playful and have fun; Chris wondered if Brian was making up for the time when his parents made him give up baseball.

"Raul didn't have much of a childhood, of course." Linus was suddenly somber, and Chris realized Linus was thinking along similar lines. "You remember when I first met him, brought him home with me? So terribly shy. With a real temper, actually, and such passion…but also damaged."

Chris did indeed remember. "He was far too fucking young."

"Welcome to my humble abode," Linus said, his voice droll, as he pushed open his large heavy front door.

Linus's home was huge and lavishly furnished. Raul had never been in such a big house before. He wandered through large rooms; living room, dining room, a games room with a huge pool table, a kitchen larger than his entire old family home. A bathroom larger than the boat he'd gotten to the US on. There was a majestic staircase rising up the center of the house, and upstairs, more bathrooms and multiple bedrooms.

"This is my bedroom," Linus said, walking into a vast room with a bed right in the center of the floor. "There's another room right next door, and if you want to make yourself at home there, it's your space to do with whatever you want. But I really hope you'll come sleep in here with me at night."

Raul laughed a little, because the bed was sufficiently large that it seemed Linus might not notice if he was even there or not.

He settled his meager possessions into the bedroom next door, amazed to have an entire walk-in closet to himself. On their first evening in Jersey, Raul came cautiously to Linus's bed, and felt himself pulled close, heard Linus murmuring gently, "Raul, my beautiful Raul, more, please, fuck yes."

New Jersey was quite different from Miami, took some getting used to, but Raul was pleased that Linus lived right by the ocean. Linus took him to the nearby docks the next day, showed him the boat he part-owned with friends, and Raul was duly impressed.

He managed to find his own way to the docks a few days later, when Linus was off working. Raul helped a guy trying to patch a hole in a yacht, and got paid for it. It seemed there was a bit of work to be found with the boats, but not much fishing. However, there was other manual labor to be had. Raul had a nose for finding such work, and soon ended up doing some casual yard work for a firm who needed guys to mow lawns, dig up brush and weed gardens. It suited Raul; the work was tough but rewarding.

"You do realize that you don't need to work," was Linus's reaction when Raul told him proudly about his successes.

"I like working," Raul protested, and it was true. He liked to keep busy, he liked to keep fit, he liked to be outdoors, and he wanted to have at least a little money independent from the man who had unexpectedly become his sugar daddy.

"Then work… but, let me give you a safety net," Linus said, and the following day presented Raul with really quite a large sum of money in cash.

"I don't want it," Raul tried to protest, feeling the same way he did the last time Linus had made such an offer.

"You don't have to spend it. Keep it for a rainy day. Or in case of emergency, if anything ever happens to me and you need it. If you ever want to leave, go anywhere, you use this money. No hard feelings. No strings." Linus hesitated. "I don't want you to feel like a bird in a gilded cage."

It was easier not to argue. Raul stashed the money in the back of his closet, and tried not to think about it.

They'd been there a week, and Raul was just getting used to the new environment, when a friend of Linus's came to call. Raul hovered on the landing when Linus went to open the front door, peering down through the banisters.

"My dear Chris, how nice to see you!"

"Linus, hey," said the newcomer laconically, stepping inside. "How was Florida?"

He was tall, with straw-colored hair and gray eyes, wearing a slightly battered but good quality brown leather jacket. He and Linus greeted each other with warm handshakes and claps on the back, and Raul was reassured that this wasn't a boyfriend, wasn't a threat.

Raul sat on the stairs for some time, listening to the two men talking away in the living room about business and boats and the weather down in Florida, and soon decided they were good friends, but not even fuckbuddies—there was no sexual vibe between them at all.

"Oh, and I brought you back a present from Julio," Linus remembered. "Cigars that might just have come from somewhere they shouldn't--hold on, they'e upstairs somewhere. Bear with me..."

Linus came out of the living room, and found Raul on the stairs. "Raul darling, no need to be shy! Come and meet my good friend Chris."

Alarm coursed through Raul's veins, but he told himself not to be silly. Just a friend of Linus's, nothing to be scared of. Linus fetched the cigars and Raul accompanied him back downstairs cautiously. The fair haired man was lounging on Linus's huge white sofa, comfortably, like he was used to being there.

"Chris, I brought back the most splendid present for myself, too," Linus said briskly. "This is Raul."

"Hello, Chris," Raul said politely.

"Hey, Raul." Chris was looking at him with interest, but also detachment. "Nice to meet you."

Up close, Raul felt his heart start to hammer against his ribs; this man was very attractive. His fair hair curled just a little above his eyes and his gray eyes sparkled with good health and humor.

But he was barely looking at Raul, already turning his attention to the cigars. "These look top of the range, Linus, I'll give Julio a call and say thank you."

Raul's nerve broke at that moment, he muttered an excuse-me and edged out of the room. He didn't immediately flee upstairs though, but returned to his previous place lurking on the steps.

"You got a shy one this time," he heard Chris say to Linus.

Raul wondered if Linus often brought young men home out of the blue. Perhaps, Raul realized rather ruefully, he did.

"Isn't he gorgeous?" Linus demanded.

"Yeah." Chris sounded cautious. "How old is he?"

"He says he's eighteen--"

Chris snorted. "Yeah, right. Where did you find him?"

"Turning tricks down in South Beach. He's got nothing, Chris," Linus said, a note of warning in his voice. "He arrived in the States with the clothes he stood up in. He came here as the bottom boy for a bunch of men only interested in seeing if they could pimp him out for ready cash."

"There's always a sob story." Chris sounded exasperated. " Just be careful, Linus."

Chris left soon afterwards, and Raul came down to sit with Linus in the living room once the coast was clear.

"You liked Chris?" Linus asked, lifting a hand to caress Raul's hair. His tone was idle but Raul realized the answer was important.

"Of course. He was very nice." Raul hesitated, not wanting to pry. "Have you been friends a long time?"

"Oh yes, Chris and I go back a long way," Linus answered promptly.

"He seems...sad about something," Raul picked his word cautiously. It wasn't too obvious, but Chris had a small cloud of melancholy hanging about him.

"The man he loved died in a road accident, about a year and a half ago," Linus said gravely. "His name was Edward. He fell off a motorcycle while Chris was driving. He's never gotten over it."

A wave of sorrow crept over Raul. How terrible, how simply horrible. Raul had experienced bereavement, too much already in his life. He wondered how he would feel if he were to lose Linus, and shuddered a little at the idea. Poor Chris, alone in the world.

"If you want to have sex with Chris, go ahead," Linus said, straight, and Raul was completely astonished.

"Um--I wasn't trying to say--"

"I know you weren't. But I wanted to say it; life's too short not to say what you mean."

Raul tried to figure out what Linus meant. "Do you… want me to leave?" He felt panic-stricken at the thought.

"Raul, my beautiful Raul, I want you to stay with me forever, or as long as you can bear to put up with me. But I know myself far too well to promise any kind of relationship other than an open one." Linus sighed. "Chris calls it boyeurism. Says I'm addicted to watching men who are way too young for me. And not just watching, either."

Raul nodded slowly, feeling his way through this.

"The corollary is, I really have no problem with you doing the same," Linus went on. "With anyone you want, really. So long as you're happy, and for God's sake use protection."

Raul took some time to think about that one. But the truth was, Raul liked sex and he liked attractive men, and secure in the knowledge that Linus was not only okay with that but positively encouraging it...well, that was good.

But Chris? Chris didn't seem to be particularly interested in him. Raul met Chris on a number of occasions thereafter, sometimes at Linus's house, sometimes out in a bar or restaurant (Chris seemed to own a number of these), and although Chris was unfailingly friendly and polite, he didn't respond to Raul's hesitant attempts to flirt at all.

In the meantime, Raul settled very nicely into life with Linus. Linus traveled a lot both for business and pleasure, and Raul took pleasure in accompanying him.

One night in a hotel bar a bald man in a smart suit talked knowingly about real estate to Linus, then started to flirt with Raul, and Linus simply sat back with a wink and let it happen. A short while later it seemed like the most natural thing in the world for them both to accompany the stranger up to his hotel room, and Raul was soon down on his knees giving the stranger a blow job. The bald man let out wordless gasps and groans, until pulling out swiftly to come across Raul's chest.

"You're....you're fucking good at this," he eventually wheezed between puffs of breath.

"He certainly is," Linus said, moving up behind Raul and sliding a hand around to undo Raul's belt buckle.

The stranger mopped his dome-shaped bald head with a handkerchief, and watched while Linus took Raul swiftly from behind. Raul was exhilarated and horny and took him readily, arching his back and letting Linus deep, deep inside him. They fucked on all fours for a few moments, Linus clutching at Raul's shoulders, then Linus pushed Raul down into the carpet and ground his way to ecstasy. Raul twitched and moaned and rubbed himself to climax against the thick pile.

A short while later, as they prepared to leave, the man said, "You ever want to do a property deal in New York, call my firm, ask for Harvey," and flipped Linus a business card.

Other men were all very well and good, but Raul found himself repeatedly dreaming about what it would be like being fucked by Chris; he knew it would be hot and fast and rough, and fulfilling in every possible way.

And when it finally happened, it did not disappoint.

Linus was a social animal, and the default place he liked to hang out at was a club that belonged to Chris. There was a private bar upstairs where Linus had a well-worn corner seat at a table where he sat to expound to friends about life, the universe and everything. Raul noticed that Linus also liked to spend time in the public bar downstairs, where it was easier to keep an eye out for pretty young men coming through the door. Raul preferred the downstairs bar himself, because it had a big-screen TV and was always bustling and fun in the evening.

One night Linus was upstairs and Raul was downstairs, watching a game, when he got hit on by a burly guy with a small head on large shoulders.

"Aren't you a cutie," the guy said, moving to trap Raul against the wall. "Have I seen you here before?"

"I don't think so." Raul was polite as he glanced from side to side. He was blocked by the guy's hands against the wall on either side; then one of the hands shifted to pin Raul's arm against the wall.

"Well, it's about time we got to know each other."

Raul had complete confidence in his own ability to deal with this situation. He'd had shit like this all his life, and had gained strength and guile to extricate himself from whatever he didn't want to do. But suddenly he spotted Chris across the room, looking at him, frowning slightly.

Raul abruptly changed his mind about wriggling out of the guy's grip by bending back his arm, and instead shot a wide-eyed, panicky look in Chris's direction.

Chris was across the room in a few strides, and glaring at the guy.

"Let go of him," Chris said without ceremony. He was every inch the alpha male, tall and bristling.

The guy looked at Chris. Whether he was intimidated by Chris's aggression, or whether he recognized Chris's authority as the club owner, Raul didn't know; but he dropped Raul's arm immediately, and backed off with no more than a grumble.

"He's a regular asshole," Chris muttered to Raul. "Are you okay?"

"Yes, yes, I'm fine." Raul passed a dramatic hand over his eyes. "Just a little faint, perhaps..."

Concern glinted in Chris's gray eyes. Lovely soft eyes, Raul thought.

"Come and sit down. There's a staffroom out the back here." Chris pulled a bunch of keys from a pocket and unlocked a nearby door. Raul allowed himself to be ushered through, and found himself in a rather unprepossessing empty room abounding in lumpy couches and hard chairs.

"You can stay--" Chris began, and was interrupted by Raul throwing his arms around him and kissing him hard. Ah, this was great. Chris tasted of smoke and mints, smelled fresh and clean, felt warm and pliable.

"You little minx," Chris said breathlessly a few minutes later. "You didn't need rescuing after all, did you?"

"Maybe not," Raul admitted, tugging on Chris's shirt. "Chris, please, just fuck me already--"

Chris's eyes skated around the room. "Not here. Bob once found me with--Let's go to my office."

Instead of going back into the club, Chris crossed the staffroom to another door. There was a small emergency stairwell behind, and Chris headed upstairs, Raul fairly bounding behind. They arrived in a small corridor and Raul recognized the way to Chris's office, he'd just never approached from this direction before.

Raul liked Chris's office, it was large and comfortable with an overstuffed couch conveniently placed. Raul was kicking off shoes and stripping off clothes straight away, knowing he looked good, enjoying Chris's eyes on him. Chris unbuttoned his fly and rolled on a condom. Then Chris pulled him close, and sparks flew and fireworks went off in Raul's head.

It was hot and fast and rough, and fulfilling in every possible way. They did it with Raul on his back on the couch, legs splayed, Chris standing. They were both ready to come almost as soon as Chris was inside, each holding off as long as possible while hands groped and sweat dripped and thighs pounded, in and out and yes, yes, yes.

"You're just too cute," Chris muttered afterwards, barely audibly, running a hand through Raul's hair.

Raul lay in a blissful post-coital haze, gazing at a picture on the wall opposite. It was a pencil drawing of a house by the ocean; Raul recognized Chris's own home. Raul thought the drawing was beautiful, and wondered who'd done it for Chris. He didn't like to ask.

A short while later Raul left Chris snoozing gently on the couch, slipping out along the corridor and edging hesitantly through the main door into the upstairs private bar. The bartender glanced at him but didn't say anything, and kept an admirably neutral face.

Linus was there in his favorite corner seat. He saw Raul emerge from behind the bar and raised a significant eyebrow. Raul joined Linus and greeted him with a kiss on the lips.

"You got laid," Linus said immediately, and Raul dipped his eyes a little in acknowledgement, snuggling down on the seat next to Linus.

Linus licked his lips a little and stretched out his arms. "See if you can fix it so I can watch next time."

Chris and Brian lay on sun loungers, both bare-chested and basking in the good weather. Brian was wearing cut-off jeans and Chris was in a pair of snug black swim shorts he knew Brian was fond of seeing. Linus somehow always got sunny days for his pool parties.

Raul emerged from the house wearing a pair of knee-length shorts that somehow showed off Raul's superb figure even though they were a baggy fit. Chris felt Brian stir next to him, and knew why; Raul was simply gorgeous. His tawny skin was flawless, his abdomen sculpted; his chest was smooth and almost hairless, punctuated only by snub nipples. He barely paused on the edge of the pool before diving cleanly in; he hit the water with barely a splash, and swam up the pool with power from sinewy arms.

"I could so get me a piece of that ass," a voice said, from some way to Chris's left. Chris glanced across, and saw Brian looking too. They saw a young man with dark spiky hair and a sharp nose, propping himself up on one elbow on a sun lounger.

"Watch it," the guy on the next lounger along warned. "Don't you know who he is?"

"I know he's fucking asking for it, looking like that."

"He lives here," his friend chided. "He's our host's boyfriend."

"The fat guy?" Sharp Nose said in a tone of contempt, and Chris watched Brian's face crinkle into a frown. "You've gotta be kidding. He's fifty if he's a day. This one can't be more than twenty-five."

"They've lived together for years."

"That's just sick. No way," said Sharp Nose, and hauled himself into a sitting position. "He'll be gagging for someone nearer his own age. Watch him jump when I give him half a chance."

Brian looked at Chris with raised eyebrows. Chris shook his head: Stay out of this.

Raul had clambered out of the pool nearby, grabbed a towel, was mopping his face and hair. The sharp nosed guy approached Raul with a swagger.

"Hey, handsome," the guy drawled.

Raul smiled politely, showing his neat white teeth. "Hey."

"What's a pretty boy like you doing in a place like this?"

"I live here."

"No shit. With the fat man?"

Raul's face went blank, and he replied, "With Linus, yes."

Apparently perceiving he'd made a mistake, the guy went on, "No offense. I'm sure he's a great guy. Look, let's go get a drink and how about we go somewhere more private."

"No thank you." Raul was firm.

"Oh come on," the man coaxed. "He must be twice your age." And he reached out and touched Raul on the arm.

"Please let go of my arm," Raul said coldly.

The man tightened his grip instead. "Look, baby—"

And with a deft flick of a muscled bicep, Raul flipped his arm, and the guy lurched sideways, lost his balance and fell straight into the water.

Brian clapped, and Raul turned to see Chris and Brian. His face broke into a wide smile. "Chris, Brian! I didn't know you were here." He came up and perched on Brian's sun lounger. "How are you?"

"Enjoying the view, and the show," Chris said.

"Way to go," Brian said, and Raul dipped his head and planted a kiss on Brian's cheek. Brian turned his head a little, and this time Raul got him on the lips. They started to smooch properly, Raul stroking Brian's bristled chin, Brian reaching to caress Raul's shoulder.

Chris leaned back to enjoy the spectacle, taking in the satisfying sight of a dripping Sharp Nosed Guy in the background watching with his jaw hanging open. Chris then spotted Linus making his way towards them, and smiled; Linus could spot an opportunity for boyeurism a mile off.

END