It was rather a bright sort of day, the sun still not warming, but the light was pleasant enough, highlighting the odd puddle of half-melted snow. Sherlock strode ahead, taking pleasure in the sound of John's steady footsteps behind. Time was of the essence; if they acted soon enough, it would all seem coincidental, arbitrary. But wait too long, let the enemy see that they'd clearly given some thought to the matter, and suddenly, an advantage was lost. Not today, though! Sherlock stepped hurriedly across the road, stepping between where he knew the cars would be, hearing John swear softly behind. Well, here they were. He stopped, waiting for John to make the crossing.

"An estate agent?" John asked, frowning his confusion.

"Just play along."

It was all about first impressions, really. Both ways. All it took was a glance to determine the nature of the mousey blonde woman who greeted them - Sherlock had, of course, kept the place under surveillance, but that was beside the point. Single, fashion conscious, considering that cardigan with those shoes; early thirties trying to look mid twenties and desperately failing. It was like laying a puzzle; you found which piece was missing by the shape of the ones surrounding it. And so, Sherlock smiled winningly, clasping her hand with barely concealed enthusiasm, dropping a comment about her scarf.

This was... this was far too strange, John thought. The way Sherlock could just put on a face like that - suddenly become a normal human being, smiling and gushing like anyone he would normally consider an idiot. The contrast between the man he was and the man he was appearing to be was terribly, terribly creepy. John smiled and nodded at the agent, trying not to look sideways at Sherlock with his discomfiture on his face.

"You two looking for a flat, then?" the woman said with a knowing smile, looking from John to Sherlock and back.

Sherlock beamed back at her, taking John's hand shyly. "Yes." He laughed breathily, making sure she saw the way their fingers intertwined, the way John's jeans matched Sherlock's shirt, the angle of his hips. Yes, that was the right look in her eyes; something not entirely predatory. "Yes, we are."

John felt like he was suffering from creepiness overload. He gave Sherlock a suspicious look. Sherlock squeezed his hand meaningfully, a hint of something in his eyes - urging him? The woman looked on expectantly. John quickly got with the act. "Oh, yes.. we're very keen." He nodded a little too enthusiastically.

Thank god; another second and Sherlock would have had to resort to pinching or patting, and they could only go so far without looking ridiculous. At any rate, the woman seemed pleased, ushering them into a small enclosure, and urging them to sit, seating herself on the opposite side of a table, behind a computer.

"Now then - do you to have anything particular in mind?"

Sherlock put a hand on John's thigh. "Well, John rather has his heart set on something in Westminster."

This was becoming a dare, John decided. Some strange game of Gay Chicken. "Yes, love it," he enthused, putting his hand energetically atop Sherlock's and squeezing it.

The woman nodded, typing. Sherlock looked at John's hand with concealed surprise. Much better. He ought to have learned not to distrust John's resourcefulness. "Though personally, I'd prefer something a bit more suburbany." He smiled brightly. "You know, child friendly."

John tried very hard not to choke loudly, and turned it into an overcome-with-emotion eye rub instead. "Oh, yes..."

"But we're open to suggestions, really. Actually, we both quite like this area, don't we, John?" Sherlock smiled at him with the same infatuated look.

"Really, I'd be happy anywhere with him." John gave Sherlock his best saccharine smile. This was actually almost fun.

Sherlock grinned back, and the woman hurriedly looked down at her computer screen. She seemed genuinely touched. "So, is there anything in the local area?" He asked, innocently.

The woman tapped away at her computer. "Well... there is, as a matter of fact. In Baker Street. Right next to the Tube!" She turned the screen, showing, as Sherlock expected, a flat directly opposite 221B. Really, people were a little too easy to manipulate, sometimes.

"Oh, that's perfect," John gushed. The Look that Sherlock threw at him suggested that he was getting a little too camp. He made a mental note to dial it back.

"Yes, that might be just the thing." Details didn't matter, but Sherlock went into an avalanche of words about them anyway, drowning any remaining suspicion or doubt in showing times, price ranges, pet ownership policies and street views. The more he rambled on, the more she nodded, enthusiastically, so lost in the illusion that moving her in the right direction was nothing but a slight nudge.

John sat back and let Sherlock do the talking; now that he had gotten over the creepiness, it was entertaining to see him so absorbed in a role that was nothing like himself. An idle thought about gender roles flitted through his mind, and he stifled a laugh. Oh, Sherlock will handle the business matters, I'm no good with money and contracts and all that...

Sherlock had half expected John to bristle at this deception; domestic and light and fluffy as it was (and yet, perhaps, a little too close to home for comfort), but he had simply accepted it, taking to the role as naturally as anything. And he was there, and it felt natural, really, for Sherlock to lay a hand on his thigh, rubbing a thumb across it now and again. In some small measure, here and now, John was his.

That was a little much, as it was genuinely sexy, and John didn't want any part of this ridiculous put-on to affect his actual connection with Sherlock. He patted the man's hand gamely now and then, trying to make it all just part of the act. Sherlock finally pulled that hand away, to John's relief. Sherlock seemed to have charmed the woman into a non-agreement agreement; the woman handed Sherlock a key, and the two of them were ushered out with a handful of brochures, some of which advertized the quality of schools in their area. "Kids?" John said, incredulously.

Sherlock walked ahead with assured steps. There was still much to be done. "That's what couples have."

"Only the insane ones," John grumbled.

Was that so? Sherlock had never really considered it; parents begat children, and a large number of parents were couples, or some other sort of family-type arrangement. He had never expected to be part of one - still did not - and their motivations had never seemed to matter outside the context of a case, where they could be easily extrapolated anyway. "It's not important; we made the right impression." He handed John the rest of the brochures. "Here, take these."

"What do I do with these?" John asked, flipping through them.

Sherlock shrugged. "Just hold on to them. Come along." Busses ran every half hour, and they could just about reach the next one.

John shoved the brochures in his back pocket, then proceeded to do what, he thought wryly to himself, he does best - he followed Sherlock.

Half an hour later, looking around the fluorescently lit purgatory that was IKEA, John could only think that following Sherlock had been a substantial mistake. "We have furniture already that isn't crap," he told Sherlock, dubiously.

Sherlock handed him a frog-shaped pillow. "We won't in our new flat, though, will we?"

John put it back on the shelf immediately. "Why are we getting a flat across the street from our own?" He asked, picking up a blob of a lamp with distaste.

"We're not." Sherlock took the lamp away from him, gently. It was all about creating the right image.

"Then why are we wasting time furnishing it?"

Oh, for heaven's sake - why this constant for explanation? "Because," Sherlock hissed, pulling John close and flicking through the e-mails in his inbox until he found the right one, "of this!"

"All right...." John said, puzzled. The drama of Sherlock's reveal would have been more appropriate for, say, a phone picture of a decapitated body floating in the river, but it was simply an advertisement for a house in London, at an address that rang no bells of familiarity.

Sherlock stared, incredulous. "Do you ever read the news, John? I know for a fact you have a laptop."

"I use it for journal articles and porn. What news?"

"This," Sherlock pointed at the screen, "is where a woman was found killed last month." He narrowed his eyes. Not an interesting case in itself; a single, elderly woman living on her own, killed when she caught a burglar in the act. Or so the police assumed. "Someone is sending me a message."

"Ah, right. Moriarty again?" John asked, grimly.

"We can't know for sure," Sherlock muttered. There was no shortage of criminals in London, after all. Yes, London. Methodically, his mind went through this and last year's unsolved murders, rifling through remembered facts. It all fit together, somehow, just not in any obvious way. People. Properties. Murder. He picked up an ice cube tray with little heart shapes, considering it for a moment before throwing it back. "Meanwhile, it is essential that we create a diversion."

John looked warily at the stuffed heart, its arms outspread as if it were being mugged. "If this doesn't divert them, I don't know what will."

Sherlock looked from John to the pillow and back. It seemed absurd that both objects should be able to occupy the same space. "We can but hope."

John sighed. "Right, let's get on with it."

Sherlock nodded. "You stay here, try to get a good selection of..." he gestured vaguely; he'd never really bothered with housewares, "...things." While they were here, though, there was something else he could do. He headed off through the maze of fake rooms, watching the people watching them. As he rounded a corner, he passed a woman holding a napkin ring that looked like a hedgehog and grinning hysterically. Truth be told, he loved IKEA.

John watched Sherlock walk away - all things considered, it was a rather good sight - then turned back to the shelves. He picked up a small black spotted pillow, looking over the assorted trinkets for anything that any decent human being could live with.

Sherlock eventually met back up with him, dragging him to the checkout. Somehow, they managed to get the long, heavy, flat packages that Sherlock had picked up onto the bus. Getting them up the narrow stairwell was even more challenging. "What is in this?" John grunted.

"Just get it into the lounge," Sherlock huffed, "I'll deal with it later." He turned abruptly, feeling movement behind him. Mrs. Hudson greeted him with a beaming smile, clearly dying to ask what this was about, and just barely held back by convention and politeness from doing so.

"Oh... hello there. Been shopping then, have you?" She eyed the myriad parcels, in particular the long ones under Sherlock's arm.

"Yes, well." Sherlock did not particularly want to have this conversation, but the very items she was curious about were unwieldy, preventing him from storming past.

John met her eye, giving her an 'I don't know either' shrug. He was on her side, honestly; this was ridiculous.

"It's nice to get something new around the place, isn't it?" She patted Sherlock on the arm, conspiratorially. "I don't mind you redecorating, really," She said, in a stage whisper. "So long as it's not done with firearms, yes?"

"Erm, yes." Really, it was impossible to move past the woman!

"I'm just on my way to Mrs. Hastings's flat, upstairs. She died last week, you know."

"Really," Sherlock said, through gritted teeth. As if he didn't know. The day a person died in his own building without him being aware, Sherlock really would prefer to be shot.

"Just some housewarming gifts for a friend, Mrs. Hudson," John interjected, doing his best to smile charmingly. It was a challenge; the packs were the perfect combination of heavy and unwieldy, and he struggled to get them over each step.

"Ooh, that's nice, isn't it? Well, I must be getting on, you two have fun!"

She headed up the stairs, finally allowing Sherlock to maneuver past. He sighed in relief, hurrying into the flat.

"Good day, Mrs. Hudson!" John called to her retreating back. Politeness to Mrs. Hudson was never time ill-spent, John reflected - he knew what side his bread was buttered on, and more importantly who would supply bread and butter when Sherlock forgot (as he usually did) to get groceries.

With some difficulty, Sherlock hastened into the lounge, emptying his pockets of huge handfuls of Allen wrenches. Useful things, and they gave them away for free.

"We're not going to assemble this here, are we?" John asked, dumping the flat packages on the ground with some relief.

"What?" Sherlock looked at the wrenches. "Oh. Of course not; we're not going to assemble anything." Well, possibly, but that could wait.

"Good," John said, with feeling, sitting on the arm of his chair.

"We'll have to move the mattress, of course."

"Yours or mine?"

"How does that matter? We can start moving at quarter past five. Most people will be out of there by then."

John looked at the packages on the ground. "All of this - over there. Why didn't we just go out later and bring it to the other apartment directly?"

Sherlock looked at him strangely. "Have you been to IKEA after 4 PM?"

"Before today, I hadn't been at all, and I now know I was doing something right."

"Actually, it was rather quiet there today."

"The furniture was plenty loud enough," John grumbled. He sat fully in his chair, his back complaining loudly about the errand they had just run.

"Remember - quarter past five." Picking up a few wrenches, Sherlock hurried to his bedroom. He would need some of the parcels later, but John would fall asleep, and Sherlock could be quiet if he wanted to be. He closed the door, settled down, and waited.

John looked at his phone. Two hours. He could productively fill two hours. He put up his feet and napped for about fifteen minutes; feeling much better, he pulled out some articles he had filed for 'when you have time,' and started to read.

He was interrupted by Sherlock blowing out of his room like the first gusts of some incipient natural disaster.

"Mattress," he said, simply, staring down at John.

"Are we naming inanimate objects? 'Boris Johnson.'" John put his reading material aside, stretched, and stood.

"Yours is closer." Sherlock headed up the stairs, striding into John's room like it was his own. Technically, he supposed, a case could be made; John would be surprised to hear how the rent was divvied up.

John followed. "Just tell me what to do..." He didn't add 'like usual,' but someone of Sherlock's deductive powers surely did not need him to.

None of the little items Sherlock directed John to get together were important in and of themselves, of course. It was all of it, the picture it made as they crossed the street, struggling and bickering slightly. The mattress, though - that had to be visible. Well, it would be hard for it not to be, flopping about between the two of them, refusing to remain in any sort of sensible, carryable position. It takes several trips, but between the two of them, they manage to get it all across. Rather pleased, all things considered, Sherlock pursed his lips, moving the mattress closer to the window.

John dumped his load of packages in the middle of the room. "It actually has promise," he said, looking around the apartment. It was old, with hideous 70s-era wallpaper, but was spacious and sturdy, and had lovely old oak hardwood floors.

Sherlock took off his gloves, looking out window. "The view is rather nice."

"It's a specific view you're looking for, I gather?" John replied. Sherlock stood aside, allowing John to see the perfect angle the window allowed on 221B Baker Street. "So you got this to spy on us?"

Sherlock chose to ignore the obvious snark. "In a manner of speaking - though I haven't 'gotten' anything." All the little odds and ends lay scattered on the floor, having fallen out of the bags John had so unceremoniously dropped. Sherlock pushed them out of the way with his foot, arranging the mattress more carefully. There, now. A perfect view.

"Oh, right - I forgot that you just batted your eyes and charmed yourself into the key." Even just the memory of Sherlock giggling - giggling! - and practically flirting with the agent made John nauseated and amused at the same time.

"It's useful to have contacts." Taking off his coat, Sherlock sat down. It wasn't terribly comfortable for a long-legged person, but it was fine. Besides, with any luck, it would be over fairly quickly.

"Settling in?" John asked, leaning against the wall and raising his eyebrows.

Sherlock looked back at him. "I could have gotten a chair, but we're less visible like this."

John looked out the window. "What are we looking for?"

"Activity," Sherlock said, his eyes fixed on the building opposite. All these questions, constantly. Would it kill the man to use his brain, rather than rely on that of others? It was more than capable.

Activity was happening, but it was the normal activity of a normal busy London street. Not, John thought wryly, that he would be able to tell if it were anything else. Sherlock would be able to tell if that slender woman pausing to touch up her lipstick were sinister or just vain, but John had no chance. His eyes flicked back over to Sherlock, and was surprised to note that the man was looking at him, rather than out of the window. "You can watch me back at our place." More comfortable, all 'round.

Sherlock set his jaw. If John had not persisted in asking questions, there would have been no reason to look at him. It was rather a nice thing to look at though, and what Sherlock was waiting to observe would not require split-second timing. "Your point?"

John pointed out the window as it to say, 'isn't this why we're here?'

"It may take some time." Sherlock returned his attention to that particular set of windows, dark now, looking for any sign. He would possibly be able to pick the culprits out on the street, but it was more than likely that he would not have to. Besides, what could he do with that information? He had to catch them in the act. It was virtually impossible to get people arrested merely for walking around Baker Street with ill intent - Sherlock had tried, more than once.

John shrugged, jamming his hands in his pockets, and looked out the window. He could only manage about twenty minutes of this before he became both thoroughly bored and thoroughly certain that Sherlock would see anything he could possibly see, and more than that on top. He therefore left the window and began to wander around the apartment, checking closets and cabinets. It was fully vacated, not a scrap of paper nor a lonely coat hanger left behind.

A single, bright ceiling lamp illuminated the room they were in. Sherlock was constantly aware of it, like he was of everything in the room, but this intense concentration was exacerbating everything. Besides, night was falling. "Get the lights, would you?"

John flicked the light off, and was startled by the darkness that gripped the room. It was later than he had thought. He looked over at Sherlock; the man was dimly illuminated by the streetlamps through the window. His face was thrown into sharp relief, his dark hair dissolving into shadow.

Sherlock felt the stare as vividly as he had the stark lamp light. He turned his head for a moment, meeting John's eyes. "You can look at me at home, you know." His lips twitched, thoughts turning to pots and kettles.

"I wouldn't mind." It was a brilliant view.

"Or keep on doing it here, if you like." Sherlock faced the window again. He did not need to keep looking at John to know he was there, or what he was doing.

"I wouldn't mind," John repeated, deadpan.

Sherlock chuckled under his breath. He had, at first, intended to do this alone, as he always did. John, though always a factor somewhere in Sherlock's mind, was still a new thing, in so many ways. This was better. He shifted a little on the mattress. Better in a lot of ways.

John tried to look out of the window, but not having the slightest idea what he was looking for - and knowing that Sherlock was unlikely to supply anything if he hadn't volunteered it already - he started to look at Sherlock more. That, definitely, was a worthwhile view. Especially once Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt and rolled up his sleeves. He was not a man for casual undressing, so that small amount was almost erotic. Those lean, agile hands sliding a button smoothly through a hole; the silk shirt conforming to the body underneath....

Sherlock's lips quirked, half-way between a smile and a frown. Being admired was not something he was unfamiliar with - he knew he conformed to a physical type many people tended to find attractive, even taking into account the diversity of personal taste. He was not above using it, if needed, though the whole business usually tended to annoy him more than anything. It was impossible not to appreciate John's lingering glances, though, each seeming to apologize for existing. It would be easy to play up to this - there were subtle ways of posing without making it seem like you were - but that would be disingenuous. Sherlock was working. Even as these thoughts flitted through his mind, his concentration was on the case; the view before him. After all, the view behind would still be there, later.

John was pulled out of his reverie by the rumbling of his stomach. "Mind if I step out the back for some food?"

Sherlock waved him off. "Don't get kidnapped."

"I can't make promises. What do you want?"

"I'm fine." John's mattress was surprisingly comfortable. Sherlock stretched.

"You haven't eaten in hours," John replied, doggedly. Sherlock took shockingly poor care of himself on cases. All of his comments about it interfering with his brain activity smacked of bullshit to John; the brain was an organ like any other, and needed energy like they all did.

"No time when I'm on a case. Digestion takes too much energy."

"You're just sitting around looking out the window. I think you can spare the energy for some curry."

"It's just how I work, John." Sherlock made a face. Food was... complicated, at the best of times. It was easier not to think about it, really, until you needed it bad enough that nature took over, bypassing your conscious mind. He could enjoy it, then. He could enjoy a lot of things that way.

"You're mental," John sighed.

"So I've been told."

John nodded. He took in one last view, then slipped out of the back of the building. He was not one to ignore Sherlock's warnings, and therefore cut through a few yards and a few alleys to find a cheap all-night takeout spot. He took a similarly convoluted route back, feeling ridiculously like primitive man back from a successful hunt of take-out Chinese.

Sherlock was in much the same position as he had been in when John left. John would not have laid any money against the possibility that Sherlock had not moved at all. John shook his head and hunkered in a corner, opening the takeout box and digging into the chow mein. "Let me know if you change your mind."

"I won't." The room felt better with John in it. Right now, that was all Sherlock needed.

"Righto." John watched Sherlock as he ate; it was far better than anything that would be on the telly back at 221, anyway.

The room felt more comfortable indeed. Warm, even. Sherlock settled back on the mattress, unbuttoning his shirt a little more, well aware that John was looking. A fun little game, that. Better than a meal, any day.

John swallowed the last bite, putting the box aside. "How long do we wait?"

Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Surely, that was self-evident? "As long as it takes. You needn't stay up, of course." Yes. There was the mattress. Appealing, that. John close. He scooted over, making a little more room next to himself. Where John should be.

"Want to take shifts?" John nodded at the mattress.

"I don't sleep much."

"Don't sleep or eat when you're on a case?" John said. Of course he didn't, John had seen that many times. Did that mean he also didn't...

"Yes. Surely you've noticed?"

"Yes..." The combination of 'Sherlock' and 'mattress' was appealing on many levels, but one in particular would not vacate John's mind.

Sherlock looked up, briefly. Hesitation. There were a number of possible reasons why, but which was it? "What?"

John shook himself. Sherlock was busy, he didn't need to get pawed. "No, nothing. Keep at it." He did walk over to lie down on the mattress, however. If there was to be any action later, he should prepare for it now by resting when there was absolutely nothing at all going on. He lay down on the mattress, giving Sherlock as much space as the mattress allowed, and fell into a doze.

Gently, not much thought given to it, Sherlock put his arms around him. In his sleep, John shifted closer, his head. Sherlock sighed, stroking John's arm, letting him nestle there and snore quietly.

John woke abruptly as Sherlock shifted position. "Muh!" He made a face as he tried to move; his body had stiffened from the unnatural sleeping position.

Sherlock smiled down at him. With the view less of a concern, he had settled into a more comfortable position, allowing John to curl around him, like a cat. It was hard to resist petting him, really.

John carefully sorted his joints out. "Anything happen?" He rubbed the mess that his hair had become; at least he could make it evenly messy.

"No. Which means it won't, for now." Sherlock straightened, testing his muscles gingerly.

John pulled out his phone to check the time. 11:26. "Hell, I didn't mean to sleep that long." He looked up at Sherlock. "So our criminal element has strict working hours?"

"I wouldn't call them strict, but there are practical considerations." Sherlock leaned back. He never felt tired while working, but he was comfortably relaxed, now. Not a bad thing to be.

"Mm. Do we go back home, then?"

"Not the best idea. There is the remote possibility that I'm wrong, in which case at least one of us should remain here. And it would look odd, considering our cover, for one of us to leave in the middle of the night." Sherlock offered a smile.

John smiled at the memory of the day's antics. "Our cover."

"Yes." Grabbing a couple of brightly colored pillows out a bag, Sherlock handed a few to John. They should have brought some blankets too, really. It was hard to remember to consider John's needs, so utterly alien to his own. "Here."

John took the disgusting head rests. "Not entirely a cover, eh?" he said to Sherlock, with a grin.

Sherlock frowned, puzzled. "What do you mean?"

"Well, even if we're not quite that saccharine, we are sleeping together."

What on Earth did that have to do with anything? "Not all that often," Sherlock pointed out. What was John trying to imply? And what, a deeper part of him suggested, grimly, have YOU been trying to imply?

John frowned, taken a little aback. "It's more of a 'yes or no' thing than frequency, isn't it?"

"Are you trying to make some sort of point?"

The irritation in Sherlock's voice startled John. "No, just making conversation..." It was supposed to be amusing, wasn't it? The conversation had taken an abrupt 180 somewhere a few words ago.

"I'm not the person to come to for reassurance, John." Why were they talking about this? They were not supposed to be talking about this; John had made the exact point that they would not have to, no more than a week and a half ago. No thinking, just doing. Sherlock could handle that. Relaxation drained out of him, leaving him haggard and restless. Bags. Things. The things needed to go into the bags; that was something to do. He busied himself with it, sorting colors and shapes and sizes, pointlessly.

"Reassurance?" John echoed, utterly baffled.

This needed to be nipped in the bud. It was easier, Sherlock found, if he was turned away from John. "If you think any of this," he said coldly, indicating the bags, the mattress, the flat, the entire scheme, "is my way of saying I want some sort of..." even the word was difficult. The 'r' in particular, refusing to roll over his tongue. Sherlock pushed it out. "Relationship..."

Humor and startlement warred for control of John's expression. "I wouldn't want a relationship based on IKEA."

"Because that's not what this is about."

"No, it's a front for this odd stakeout. Sherlock, what are you on about?"

In the pale half-light, John looked almost ghostly. The small part of Sherlock that was not tired up in strategy, planning, observation and calculation wanted to reach out to him and pull him desperately close, for some reason. "Nothing."

It was a minute part; one he was hardly aware of, most of the time. Any of the time, truth be told. He once had to be dragged out of a building in which he was collecting DNA evidence when the thing had caught fire. It would have taken more than half an hour for the fire to progress to the point where it would have been dangerous for Sherlock to remain, but the damn firefighters had insisted, in a rather physical sort of way. As they were pulling him out through the smoke, there had been a moment, the briefest of one, where he'd snapped out of it, that fervor investigation lit in him, and he'd been genuinely afraid. John... for some reason, John could make that happen with a look. "So long as that's understood."

John sat up. They had derailed, somewhere, and he had to make sure they were still looking at the same set of tracks. "Look, Sherlock, I thought we had a nice understanding where we generally got on, and every one in a while touched each other's willies in mutually pleasing and possibly erotic ways. I thought the cover of us being IKEA-loving poofs was funny in that context, without meaning to imply that we are, in any way, IKEA-loving poofs. Are you in one of your moods?"

"What do you mean 'one of my moods'?"

"You're touchy." John paused, considering. "I mean, even for you."

Sherlock twitched. Why was John pressing this; there was absolutely no reason to keep pressing this. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

John sighed, sitting back and looking directly in Sherlock's eyes. The poets couldn't be more wrong; eyes weren't windows into the soul, they were sacks of fluid, and he was not getting a bit of information out of Sherlock's. Dark, in the dim light, intense, ineffable. He couldn't read the man any more than he could a book in Hebrew.

If some of John's looks could render Sherlock terrified, others, like this one, oddly calmed him. It deflected negativity like a shield. "What?"

"You still like me?" As soon as the words were out of his mouth, John cringed at how desperately teenagerish they sounded. But it was true, it was what he needed to know - were they still friends, after the sex had settled a little? Things changed after sex, always, always, and not invariably for the better.

"...yes?" No other answer was possible, but Sherlock had only the vaguest idea what the question had been.

"Good," John replied, nodding. That was... something, and better than nothing.

"OK?" Was it? How could John know, so easily? What were they even talking about? Feelings? How could you talk about feelings?

John reached out to touch Sherlock's face. He needed contact; words weren't enough, he craved that reassurance of flesh on flesh. "OK."

That made a little more sense. John's hand on his cheek made sense. Sherlock looked at it, wide-eyed. It was stroking, now. That was fine, too. Sherlock's eyes flittered shut, and when he opened them again, he put his own hand on John's.

"I..." John sighed. "I do like you." Simple enough clear enough - he hoped - for both of them.

It was vitally important, Sherlock felt, that he understand this, but it was like John was speaking some obscure dialect he could only barely comprehend. He stroked John's hand - that was solid, that was measurable - and nodded, carefully.

John pulled his hand away and leaned back, looking, trying to gauge Sherlock. "That's all, really."

"OK." Sherlock nodded again, feeling like he'd passed some sort of test.

John felt some tension drain out of him as he saw Sherlock's body visibly relax. He looked out the window again. "As long as we're just waiting here..." Well. Food and sleep were two pillars of the needs of humanity, and there was a third that seemed like it would be a good ending to the conversation. And they were on a mattress.

"Yes?" Sherlock mumbled. The case was still at the forefront of his mind, but random thoughts were fluttering in the background now, not so much distracting as annoying him.

John smiled what he hoped would come across as a suggestive smile. He had blown those badly, in the past. But he was in the company of the World's Greatest Detective...

Right. Sexual activity. Sherlock narrowed his eyes as John leaned in. The memory of the taste of John's lips made him lick his own, and sigh, softly. Nothing urgently required his attention, for now; a kiss would be perfectly acceptable.

John pressed his lips gently to Sherlock's. He could feel that the man was... not exactly raging for sex. But perhaps, if he eased Sherlock into the idea, with a gentle kiss - much like this one...

Sherlock closed his eyes, kissing back. Yes. This was good. Relaxing, like John sleeping against him. Distraction fled his mind, and he could think again. Soothing. Pleasant. Not like the intrusive rush of sex, or the stark demands of food; just John.

This was actually quite good for John, too - the slow, languid sensuality of it. He kissed Sherlock very slowly, very gently, stroking his cheek, breathing carefully. Oh, this was brilliant.

So long as it remained like this; slow, gentle, unobtrusive, Sherlock welcomed it. He left John in control - he seemed in no hurry either. Maybe they could just keep doing this all night? That might be all right. Better than sleep, certainly.

How long had this kiss been going on? Minutes, hours? Time had gone bent, somehow, lost in a sea of slow, languid tongue-strokes, soft lips, Sherlock's warm skin. He eventually pulled back slightly, breathing and resting his forehead against Sherlock's. He was... what was he? He was horny, yes, but that seemed almost unimportant, distant, someone else's concern.

Sherlock observed John carefully. There was a change in body language; in intention? There were clear signs of arousal, but in Sherlock's experience, John took charge when aroused; he did not hang back like this, so passive. There would come a time, Sherlock knew, when John would remember that he was attracted to women, and leave. Was that it? Was this little experiment with Sherlock already over?

John breathed carefully; something in his throat was making it difficult. A quickie had been all he had been thinking of - there they were, stuck in an apartment, on a mattress, so why not? But the more this slow, languid, sensual kissing went on, the less like a quickie he felt. The feel of Sherlock's lips, the closeness of his body - all of these were magnificent, but the roiling feeling inside was something different, something not quite sexual; something made of this long slow kiss, and this proximity, and a million indefinable moments. No, he recognized it - he had felt it before, and nothing terribly good had ever come of it, but it could not be denied...

"I think I love you." His voice was a little choked. What a thing to say - after all, Sherlock defied love, snorted at the very idea of how irrational it was, shook his head knowingly when he saw love-induced or love-enabled criminality. Yet John did love him. Loved the angular features, the keen mind, the irrational mood swings, the highs and the lows, the lean body in his arms, the sultry voice; he loved Sherlock. God help him.

Sherlock pulled back, staring. He had to see John's face - where the words had come from. He could not have said it - surely he had not? But disbelief was a pointless exercise, and Sherlock did not want to indulge in it. Love. Adrenaline flooded him as shock set in; something sick and churning stirring in his gut.

John looked up at Sherlock. Maybe there was something to this 'eyes' business - Sherlock's were warm, almost glowing... No, it was his own eyes; something in them was making the scene a little blurry. He blinked.

Sherlock pushed away, eyes narrowed. "Love." The word tasted bitter, like the bile in his throat. A soiled word, meaning too much. He swallowed, wanting to retch.

The look on Sherlock's face was the same one John had seen earlier, when he had swallowed John's come, and the feelings that it evoked snapped him out of his reverie. "Erm, yes..." he said, uncertainly.

No. Not this, not now. Everything about this was wrong, utterly. It did not fit; Sherlock could not make it fit - not now, in this state, with everything else on his mind. And John, sitting there, gawping inanely like he expected to win some sort of award. "For fuck's sake..." Sherlock rubbed his eyes, turning away.

"What?" John frowned, his mind whirling.

Fight or flight, Sherlock's body told him, and there was no fight in him. Not for this. He got up, grabbing his coat. "You'll be safe here," he choked. "Just..." Nothing more to say; John had said plenty. Sherlock dressed, not pausing, sticking his gloves in his pocket and leaving his coat unbuttoned.

"Where are you going?" John asked. His innards were starting to roil, uncomfortably, a sick feeling welling up inside.

Sherlock did not turn to see John, startled, no doubt, on the mattress. Fool. Thrice damned fool. As he pulled the door open, Sherlock wasn't quite sure to whom he was referring. "Somewhere I can THINK!" Sherlock hurried out, muttering under his breath. "For fuck's sake..."

"Are you even human?" John yelled after him. Yes, declarations of love could be... awkward, messy, unwanted, but to act like this?

The door slammed behind Sherlock, and John flopped back on his displaced mattress with a shuddering sigh. He had cocked that up royally, hadn't he? What a complete, utter mess. He looked around at the crap they had bought for this apartment, scattered from Sherlock's hasty exit, and covered his eyes with his forearm.

After a few minutes of lying on his back and feeling like shit, John sat up and looked around. The dull buzz of activity from the street was the only sound. He crawled to the window and peered out of it. Just a normal night on a normal London street, as well as he could see.

He shuffled back to the mattress and sat, watching the world pass by outside. He felt strangely numb, disconnected, someone else watching him sit on a mattress in the dark, watching people walk back and forth, back and forth...