Beach Vacation
by ShyFootGuy35

Beach Vacation Ch. 01

Public sex, being watched & hot feet…

My college girlfriend, Dany, was drop dead gorgeous. Blonde hair, blue eyes, she was 5'6" with a beautiful face and the most perfect feet I have ever seen.

She was 5 years my junior so I had just finished grad school at 25 while she was wrapping up her junior year. We had been together for a little over a year and we fucked like rabbits.

It was that great relationship where we each lived in apartments with our own bedrooms and we rarely left one or the other. She was the first girl who knew I had a foot fetish and she let me indulge it whenever I wanted. I loved sucking her toes while fucking her or taking her from behind and cumming on her soles.

We also shared a similar fantasy of having sex in public. The risk of getting caught was a huge turn on for us both. We tried it twice; once in the backseat of my car parked in a public lot at night and once in a grassy area in the middle of town at 3 in the morning.

After graduation we decided we wanted to take a trip together to the beach. This was our first trip just the two of us and the thought of all the hotel sex we were going to have was super exciting.

It started with the drive down to the beach. We were talking about how amazing it would be to get to have sex right on the beach. The thrill of getting caught on the beach had my cock hard and Dany noticed.

"Why wait for the beach when we can start now," she said.

She unzipped my shorts and pulled out my cock. She started stroking it up & down slowly then leaned over and took me in her mouth. There was no way the other cars on the road didn't see what was happening and that thought drove me wild.

She kept sucking until I told her, "I'm gonna cum."

She took her mouth off and finished me with her hand. I came all over my shorts, shirt and steering wheel.

"Oh great," I exclaimed after I had tucked my dick back in my shorts. "Now I get to check into the hotel with cum stains all over myself!"

Dany just laughed.

"You'll pay for that," I chuckled back to her.

We got to the hotel and checked in without my stains catching too much side eye. We had a standard 2 bed room with an ocean view. We opened the curtains and were high enough up to where no one outside could see in.

I pushed Dany onto the bed on all fours facing the window and told her, "I said you would pay for the car."

I knocked the flip flops off her feet, lifted her sun dress up and ripped her panties right off. I stood behind her and slammed my hard dick into her pussy. She liked it hard so i was giving it as hard as I could.

Dany moaned, "I love this punishment."

"Oh this isn't your punishment," I whispered softy. I took my cock out and pulled a bottle of lube out of my bag. I soaked my cock and went back to Dany, rubbing my cock against her asshole.

"Oh no!" she shouted. "We've tried this before and I just can't take it!"

"You'll take it now," I whispered. "That's how you're going to pay."

I grabbed my cock and started slowly pushing the head inside her ass.

"It hurts!" she shouted.

Normally, this was the point we always stopped, but not today. I pushed a little more and a little harder and the head of my cock sunk into her ass.

She squealed and at that point I asked, "do you want me to stop?"

She shook her head, "no keep going."

I kept pushing and was most of the way in so I started moving back and forth. After a couple of smaller stroke she started to loosen up and I was all the way in.

She started to like it moaning, "oh yeah baby fuck my ass."

So I did. I gave it to her harder and harder pounding her ass until I was about to explode. When I couldn't take it anymore I pulled my cock out and covered her soft soles in my cum.

After a second Dany turned around on the bed and reached down to clean the cum off her feet.

"Oh no you don't," I said. "Leave it there and put your flip flops back on because it's time to eat."

She reached her feet off the bed and slid them into her flip flops. Most of my cum was on her soles so she squeaked a little as she walked and you could still see some on the tops and on her navy polish.

I pulled my shorts up and we headed for the elevator. It was crowded when we stepped in and Dany whispered in my ear, "I forgot to put new panties on."

"Don't worry about that," I whispered back. "I'm sure no one will notice." I looked up and saw two of the guys across from us looking down in our direction. I whispered in her ear again, "they won't notice your panties are missing because they're looking at the cum on your feet."


Beach Vacation Ch. 02

Part 2 of the best vacation ever.

The following morning, Dany woke up before me as per usual. She rolled over to me and played her fingernails down my chest under the blankets and started gently tickling my morning erection.

I moaned with a kind of half sleepy pleasure. "I guess I'm forgiven for the elevator," I joked.

"Oh you will pay," she whispered back. "But I'm not gonna waste this."

She threw the blankets off me to reveal my throbbing morning wood. She pumped my shaft up and down a couple times before climbing on top and grabbing my cock to slide it inside her. She rode me until she had two orgasms then leaned down to my ear.

"I want you to cum inside me," she whispered.

"I really shouldn't," I replied.

Dany was on the pill, but she wasn't exactly good at remembering to take the pill. We were well past ever wanting to use condoms so we just combined her irregular pill usage with the pull-out method.

She leaned back down, "Well I'm not getting off of you." She leaned back arching her back and working her hips all around.

"Oh fuck!" I shouted. "Stop you're gonna make me cum!"

"That's the idea," she moaned in reply.

I grabbed her hips, my brain telling me to stop her, however, my brain wasn't in charge anymore. I started moving my hips in rhythm with her and exploded deep inside her pussy.

Dany sat on me for another minute, making sure every drop went inside her. As she climbed off I could see a little strand of cum leaking out of her pussy. I laid there while she went to the shower. It's going to be a great day I thought.

Unfortunately, the weather had other ideas. Rain poured from the sky all day so we spent the afternoon in and out of various shops. We had a late dinner and decided to go down to the hotel pool and hot tubs at 10 hoping the weather and the late hour would keep most people away.

Dany wore an orange string bikini that didn't leave much to the imagination. We stepped into a hot tub in the corner and had the area to ourselves except for one other couple in another hot tub 15 feet away.

We kissed and played around with each other for a while, but when the man reached into his cooler and pulled out two more drinks I knew they weren't going anywhere.

They weren't paying us any attention so I figured what the hell and pulled Dany close kissing her neck. "Let's fuck."

"What if they see us?" she asked.

"Hasn't that always been our fantasy?" I replied.

I took her hand and put it on my bulge to show her how horny the idea had made me. She squeezed then quickly untied the drawstring on my trunks. I pulled her close and tried to move her bottoms to one side.

She wrapped her legs around me and her arms around my neck. We had never fucked in a hot tub and really struggled to find an angle that worked that also wouldn't be too obvious. Eventually my cock slipped inside her and we both froze, looking over at the other couple to see if they were looking.

They seemed lost in their own conversation so we tried to start moving with some kind of slow rhythm. The excitement of the situation was slowly being replaced by the truth that hot tub sex is just awkward and difficult.

A few mintues passed and we were both getting close to giving up because it was obvious an orgasm wasn't in the cards for either of us when all of a sudden we hear, "do it already!"

Both our heads snapped around and we see the other couple with their arms leaning on the side of their hot tub staring right at us.

The man shouted again, "come on, fuck her!"

My heart was beating faster than ever before. All of a sudden our fantasy was becoming reality. Were we really going to do this or were we going to pretend nothing happened and chicken out?

I looked Dany in her sexy blue eyes and whispered to her, "I want you so fucking bad."

I untied one of the strings holding her bottoms together and she pushed my trunks down further. I spun her around so the back of her head was leaning against the edge of the tub and I could see the other couple watching.

I grabbed my throbbing cock and shoved it back into her. I was thrusting as hard and deliberately as I could making water splash everywhere Dany started shouting, oh yeah fuck me baby!"

I moaned loudly and shot my hot load inside her. I grabbed the back of her neck and pulled her to my mouth kissing her deeply.

Then the other couple got out of their hot tub and started heading towards us…


