A Wild Ride 
by efharisto1

A nice day for a motorcycle ride turns into an adventure

It's a beautiful sunny, summer day so I call to let you know that I'll be by in about a half hour to pick you up. In all honesty, I won't be there for an hour at least, but know that you'll never be ready to go in a half an hour anyways.
I tell you to wear a short skirt and a halter top as I want to take you out for a ride on my new bike. One more thing, "Don't bother wearing panties".
You tell me you can't wait to see me knowing it's been a while since I let you cum and you know that it's likely that I'll grant you permission.
I get there in about 90 minutes but you're not ready to go yet, surprise, surprise. I don't mind though.  You smell terrific and look even better. I play with the dogs and take them for a quick walk while you finish getting ready.
Upon my return you're waiting for me and I reach under your skirt to verify that you're indeed pantiless, which of course you are. We make our way outside and hop onto the bike. You try to do it as lady-like as possible but there's only so much you can do based on how you're dressed and how big the bike is.
You settle in and straddle the big saddle and I can only imagine what type of mess you're going to leave on the leather by the time we're done. I let you know that we're going to go by the sex shop and get you a couple of new toys.
Once there, we look around and settle on a remote controlled anal plug and a large black dildo, knowing how much you like to fantasize about fucking big black guys in front of me. I hand you my credit card and make you pay for it. The guy behind the counter smirks at you as he alternates looking at your tiny frame vs. the huge rubber cock that you're purchasing.  You avoid eye contact with him as he's now leering at you lecherously.
We leave the store and you whisper to me to hurry up and get you home so we can try out our new toys. I tell you that's not exactly what I had in mind for today and you look at me with those adorable eyes, your mouth pouting that you're not going to get your way today.
We're now in the parking lot and I tell you to "Go over behind the parked cars next to us, squat down and push that toy into your ass, so I can connect my phone to it."  You smile knowing that you're in for a fun ride back home.
While you dash out of sight I proceed to grab a large o-ring that's been MacGyver'd with some tie wraps which I had prepared ahead of time and proceed to adhere the new black dildo onto the passenger portion of the saddle, so that it's sticking straight up, nice and solid.
I just finish getting it all tightened down as you begin walking toward me, obviously walking a little funny from being stretched out from the thick plug in your ass. You immediately notice the gigantic rubber cock mounted on the saddle and your eyes grow wide.
You shake your head and say, "No fucking way".  I reach for my phone and give your ass a taste of what that new anal toy can do and you almost lose your balance due to the intense sensations reverberating in your ass.
You plead with me: "I can't do this, it's too much." I don't even respond. I just look at you deeply in your pretty eyes and you know there's no denying me.
I walk over to you, place my hands under your armpits and lift you up easily and walk you over to the bike. I lift you even higher into the air so that you're hovering over the big cock and I slowly lower you down as you reach down and aim the dildo right into your cunt. I slowly slide you down onto it, all the way until you've been completely impaled on it. I'm surprised how easily you take the whole thing.
You look very content now. Your eyes are closed as you try to think about how you're going to make it home with your holes being stretched open like this. I remind you that you're not permitted to cum unless you've been granted permission. I start the bike up and the thing rumbles like 100 stampeding elephants.
The vibrations make their way directly into the huge fake dick that's pushed inside of you. I set your anal toy to low and we start rolling. Your whole body is now quaking and shaking and there's nothing you can do about it.  You're now just basically an extension of that huge cock mounted on the bike, which is transferring all the vibrations directly into your body. You wrap your strong arms around me and hold on for the ride.
I purposely take the long way home, being sure to take some extra bumpy roads and even going out of my way to use streets where I know there are rumble strips. Each time we go over one of the them you squeal as that dildo bullies it's way up a little further bumping your cervix each time.
You've now reached your hand down the front of my body and slide it into my pants, squeezing my big cock and begging me to let you cum all over the dildo that's inside of you. After continuously begging me for permission I eventually grant it to you on one condition. I tell you that you may cum but when we get home, I expect you to lick the entire seat clean for me.
As you get close to cumming I can actually feel you pushing yourself up and down on the dildo, fucking it in broad daylight dressed like a whore, and not caring at all with who might see you. You're now on the edge and tell me that you're going to cum and it feels like you're going to squirt.  You apologize, not wanting to make a mess of my brand new bike, but you tell me that you just can't help it.
I tell you: "Go ahead and cum all over that huge cock for me".
It's then that I hear you scream out so loud that you can be heard clearly over even the roar of the bike's engine. As you cum and squirt you squeeze my cock so hard it feels like you've stopped all blood circulation and my cock is throbbing so hard now it's feels like it's going to explode, and it does. You're squeezing so hard it's unable to shoot but instead just oozes out cum all over your pretty fingers; you're strangulating it, preventing it from shooting with your tight grip.
As you release your grip, more cum pushes out as you continue to alternate between squeezing and releasing, milking every single drop from me.
As we make our way back home, I tell you to lick your hand clean and get all the cum from between your fingers as well. You lick your hand like it's a delicious ice cream cone, savoring the taste of my cum and enjoying it like a delicious dessert.
Knowing that it turns me on, you make a big production out of it as I watch you in my mirrors. Stopped at red lights, neighboring cars can see you licking your fingers and a couple of people look absolutely shocked, knowing what you're doing as they can clearly see the thick gobs of cum on your hand.
We pull in back at the house and you look absolutely exhausted now. I lift you off of the big cock easily, in the same way as I plopped you down onto it originally. I tell you there's one more thing you need to do before we go inside. You look at me knowingly and drop to your knees and begin to lick the black leather clean. It's literally dripping with your juices. It looks like someone poured a pitcher of fluid all over the seat.
I crank the toy that's in your ass on high and watch your cute little ass wiggle as you complete your cleanup duties. I grab a handful of your hair and use it to wipe my cock clean, at which time I look down to you and say, "When you're done cleaning it all up, come in the house. I'm not done with you yet."