The house had been easy enough to find, although the sheer size of it was slightly off-putting; somehow, Xander had a hard time imagining that two college students could afford a place this big! He nearly chickened out at least three times on his way up the driveway, and when he finally made it to the front door, it took him ten minutes before he was able to make himself ring the doorbell. The low, resonant tones of the chime soothed a little of the nerves that were currently tying his stomach up in knots, and the warm grin from the blond that answered the door reassured him that he wasn't about to something colossally stupid, like walk into a marauding serial killer's lair. Did marauding serial killers even have lairs anymore?

He certainly hoped not, although the first words out of his host's mouth weren't all that reassuring. "Glad to see you could make it, mate. I'm Spike. Come on in, yeah?"

"Xander," he replied, taking the offered hand and stepping inside. Up close, he was amazed at how good-looking Spike was, and he wondered if it would be okay to say anything about it. Someone really should write some kind of etiquette book to tell people how to proceed when they were face to face with a stranger whose dick they'd sucked and with whom they were about to engage in a kinky threesome. "It's, uh, good to meet you." 

Spike laughed. "Pleasure's all mine, pet." He surveyed him for a minute, then asked, "First time doin' somethin' like this?"

Despite the fact that his cheeks were probably bright red, Xander nodded.

“No worries. I like virgins." Spike shot him a wolfish smile, then added, "Won't go any further than you want, so you've gotta let me know if there's somethin' you're not comfortable with. That said, lemme go over a few ground rules here, before we get started. First an' most important: No comin' unless I say so. If you need help with that, you lemme know.” 

The blond waited for Xander's nod before he continued. “Next: Angel's mine. You can play with him an' he with you, but nobody fucks my boy but me. You can stop anything you want at any time, just gotta say so. You got a safe word, pet?”

“Safe word?” Xander's eyes widened. Weren't those things only used when there were chains and whips and stuff?

Spike smiled, the boy's obvious inexperience proving to be oddly beguiling. “Always helps to have one, no matter what you're doin'. Lets you yell out whatever you want when things are goin' well, don't it?“

“Um... I guess?”

The blond chuckled. “What kind of movies d'you like, pet?”

He could feel his cheeks getting red as he answered, “Monster movies, mostly.”

“Right, then. For tonight, you wanna stop for any reason, you just say vampire, all right?”

“Vampire, got it.” He nodded, fixing the word in his memory.

Spike arched an eyebrow at how easily the lad seemed to be taking instruction. He was either the find of the century, or had no idea what he was getting himself into, but there would time to determine that later. "You understand the rules? Gonna follow 'em?”

“Yes, Sir.” The words were automatic, but from the way Spike smiled and nodded, Xander guessed that he'd said something right.

“Good boy. Now get down on your knees an' give me a proper hello."

Xander felt himself get hard in about three seconds flat when he realized what Spike meant by a 'proper hello'. He licked suddenly dry lips and nodded, then slowly folded down to his knees, watching the blond unbutton his jeans and walk over to him, a trail of fine dark blond hair appearing as black denim parted to reveal bare skin beneath. His hands were shaking as he pushed Spike's jeans open further and reached inside to pull his dick out.

He was hard, the tip already gleaming and wet, and Xander didn't even hesitate before he leaned forward to swirl his tongue around it. The heady, musky scent from earlier teased his senses, spurring him on as he worked his way down the length of Spike's dick, licking him up and down until a hand curled around his head and Spike groaned, "Get on with it; need your mouth - right now."

Curling his fingers around the base of his shaft, Xander flicked his tongue over the leaking tip again, getting one last teasing lick in before he obeyed the command. He confined himself to the head at first, suckling and running his tongue around it, trying to hone this new skill that he was only now discovering he possessed. Spike let him explore for a little while, seeming to understand his need to play, but eventually the hand on his head pressed him down, and Xander went gladly. He could only go down about halfway before he had to pull back, and luckily Spike didn't seem inclined to complain, just guided him up and down, setting a leisurely pace that allowed him to really take the whole experience in.

It wasn't like the bathroom at all; he had time to enjoy the slow slide of Spike's dick as he bobbed up and down, to listen to the soft grunts and groans that told him when he was doing something particularly right. There was something much more intimate about sucking him off now that he could see him, when he could look up at the chiseled features drawn tight with pleasure and feel long fingers sinking into his hair, guiding him up and down in the rhythm Spike preferred. He wanted to reach down and press a hand against his aching erection, but he didn't have to be told to know that it wouldn't be allowed. Xander opened his mouth a little wider and sank down further, sucking a little harder, and was rewarded with a hoarse moan. Spike's hand tightened briefly in his hair, and he pulled back.

"Shhh, 'sall right," he assured the boy, when big brown eyes looked nervously up at him. "Wanna fuck that pretty mouth of yours, so just keep it open for me like a good boy, right?" He smiled when the boy shuddered and nodded, opening up for him with a moan. Oh yeah, they'd found a treat, all right.

Spike combed through the dark hair again, curving his hand around Xander's skull as he reached down to guide himself into his mouth again. Xander started to suck again, but a sharp tug on his hair made him stop. "Uh-uh, want your mouth open," was the low reprimand.

He shivered and obediently opened up again. Spike eased his grip, pushing in a bit before backing up and pulling almost all the way out. He set up a slow, easy pace, gently sawing back and forth, giving him just a few inches at first, and it wasn't until he began to pant and move faster that Xander realized he'd been pushing a little further in with each thrust, and now he was nudging against the back of his throat. He moaned at the thought of how close he was to actually deep-throating for the first time, and Spike groaned at the vibration around his cock.

"Yeah, that's it," he hissed. "Look so pretty, down on your knees, nice an' open for it." He fucked him with a steady deliberation, moaning and panting as he got closer. "God, that's good. Such a sweet lil cocksucker, takin' it like such a gooood boy," he crooned. "Fuck, gonna come soon, shoot right down your throat. You want that, huh?"

Xander nodded, more turned on than he'd known he could be by the flood of dirty words that were coming out of the bond's mouth. "Yeah, bet you do. Such a pretty slut, gonna give it to you. Know you need it, little cockslut, know you - ohhhhh Christ, yeah! That's it... ungh, fuck, take it, take iiiiit..."

The first powerful shot hit the back of his throat as the hands in his hair tightened, pulling him up tight against Spike while he grunted and shook as he came. It hurt, but it was a good kind of pain, sharp enough to keep him from breaking that first rule, and he was grateful for it, because otherwise he just might have gone over the edge right along with Spike. Instead, he was still licking his lips when Spike pulled out and patted the top of his head. "Good boy," he said absently, like Xander was a puppy who'd just learned a new trick.

For a minute, Xander wondered what he was supposed to do next, but Spike stepped back and snapped his fingers. "Come on, then, on your feet. Bedroom's down the hall an' to your left, an' I'll expect to find you shirtless by the time I get in there."

Xander started to ask what Spike was planning on doing while he went to the bedroom, but something in the blond's face told him to keep quiet. Instead, he nodded and forced himself to his feet, moving almost drunkenly as he turned to go in the direction Spike had indicated. From the sound of it, the fun had just started, and he couldn't wait to find out what was in store for him next.