Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 16

After coming home from her run with Brian, Melanie spent a few minutes cooling down, and then stepped into the shower. She thought back, wondering if she did the right thing. He had let her take control, that was good. He had suggested, had pushed his luck, but that was fine. It showed his confidence, and it had felt like he was himself. Most importantly, she was starting to trust him.

Speaking of luck, she realized how lucky they had been that no one had entered that corner of the park while they were there. Imagine if someone had walked in on them while she had been exposing herself for him, or worse, while she had been… stimulating him. That would have been bad in so many ways. For him, for her. Especially for him. Aside from being interrupted, would he be embarrassed? He didn’t have anything to be embarrassed about, she thought.

She looked down at her hand and thought back to the feel of him in her hand. Smiling, she placed that same hand on her stomach, and started roaming around, from her abdomen to her thighs and back up to her breasts. She was quickly getting worked up by these thoughts and she wanted to continue, but her shower was already running long. Her roommates might start knocking on the door during an inconvenient moment.

As she was drying off, she thought about Josy. They talk about so much lately, but this was just between her and Brian. After getting back to her room, she called Josy to talk about weekend plans. Josy said she was going to visit her parents today, and Melanie decided she would visit her own parents. Though she had contact with them regularly, she hadn’t visited her parents since an evening visit the previous week.

Melanie put on some jeans and a warm top, and after breakfast she and Josy left together, taking the bus. It was nice to see her parents again, and she let them know how the exams went. She stayed for dinner and went back home not long after, again taking the bus together with Josy.

As they arrived at their building, Melanie invited Josy to come to her room. After entering the room, Josy stopped Melanie and pulled off her top.

“Why don’t you get comfortable, while I get us a drink?” Josy asked.

Melanie continued undressing and when Josy returned, she smiled at her.

“I saw my aunt today. Did I tell you about her before?” Josy asked, sitting down on Melanie’s bed, stretching out her legs.

“I think so,” Melanie said, joining Josy on the bed.

“She’s a masseuse,” Josy said. “Do you remember when I massaged your legs? Back in my own room.”

“Uh, yes.” Melanie also remembered masturbating to an orgasm in Josy’s bed afterwards.

“By the way, Mark told me to say hi. Not that you care, I know. My brother might be perving on you,” Josy said, frowning. “Anyway, she has taught me some of the basics for massages. In high school, I sometimes gave my friends a neck, shoulder and back massage.”

“That sounds nice.”

“Mostly just a simple back massage, or hands, or feet.”

Where is Josy going with this, Melanie wondered?

“I was thinking… would you let me give you a massage?” Josy asked.

“I’ve never gotten a real massage. We could try, I suppose.”

“Do you have a small towel? Massage oil?”

“Massage oil no, small towel, yes,” Melanie said, getting up from the bed to grab one. “What do you need it for?”

“Well, for a full body massage, it’s custom to use a towel for privacy,” Josy said looking serious.

Melanie raised an eyebrow at Josy, then laughed as she saw Josy break into a grin.

“I will go grab my massage oil,” Josy said, and she went out the door.

Considering the massage oil might make a mess of her bed, Melanie took out her large beach towel. After a while, there was a knock on her door and Josy entered, holding a large bag.

“Your roommate let me in,” Josy said.

“Which one?” Melanie asked, as she lay back down on her bed on top of the towel.

“The brunette,” Josy said as she unpacked her bag and handed Melanie a special shaped head pillow.

“Which of the three?” Melanie laughed.

“How should I know? Not Paige. Turn over.”

“Well, that narrows it down,” Melanie said, rolling her eyes before turning over on her stomach. “Ah, doesn’t matter.”

Josy gave a light slap on one of her cheeks, and then placed the small towel over Melanie’s butt.

“Is that part of the massage?” Melanie poked fun at Josy.

“Sometimes,” Josy laughed. “Been too long since I did that.”

Josy began with Melanie’s neck and shoulders.

“Ow, that hurts,” Melanie said. “Oh, that’s good.”

“You have some tension here,” Josy said. “How are things with Brian?”

“Good, we had a run this morning, and talked about last night,” Melanie answered while Josy ran oiled hands over her upper back.

While Josy massaged her back, arms, legs and feet, Melanie told Josy about her conversation with Brian up to the point they had gone to the more private section of the park. Josy then asked Melanie to turn over.

“Shouldn’t I have a towel for my breasts? For privacy?” Melanie asked after Josy placed the towel over her hips.

“You’re right,” Josy said, and she took the towel from Melanie’s hips and instead placed it over her breasts.

Melanie reacted in shock, covering her pussy with her hands, and said, “I meant a second towel!”

“It’s not my fault you only have one towel, now don’t be a baby and relax,” Josy giggled.

Melanie glared at Josy but placed her hands by her sides anyway.

“I’m glad you were able to talk with Brian,” Josy said as she continued her massage, still steering clear of Melanie’s private parts. “It worried me when I saw him groping you like that. Like I got there just in time.”

Melanie thought Josy had an unusual way of saving her, but she didn’t say anything about it.

“His sudden change from how he normally acts scared me, yes, but I think I can trust him not to go further than I’d want him to,” Melanie explained. Josy was working wonders on her calves, and she was melting under Josy’s touch.

“You can’t just trust him on that, Mel, a guy can suddenly want to go too far…” Josy said. Her hands stopped moving for a moment. She then continued and asked, “You have to be careful, okay?”

“Okay,” Melanie said, distracted by Josy’s ministrations. “This is wonderful, Josy. Do you think we can still do this if one of us gets into a relationship?”

“It’s just a massage,” Josy said, while massaging Melanie’s upper right thigh with both hands. Though it was ‘just a massage’, Josy’s fingers got awfully close to Melanie’s sex.

“I mean the other stuff,” Melanie said, anticipating that Josy might accidentally touch her lips.

“I’m not sure. I hope so,” Josy said, switching to Melanie’s other thigh.

“Me too.”

Josy finished the massage by running her hands down Melanie’s legs and off the tips of her toes, and then asked, “How was that?”

“That was amazing,” Melanie said, dreamily.

She lay there for a while longer with her eyes closed, wWhile Josy cleaned up and washed her hands, she lay there for a while longer with her eyes closed and heard Josy sit down on her chair..

“I’ll go shower, get this oil off,” Melanie said as she got up off the bed to put on an old shirt and grabbed a towel.

“Okay, is it alright if I look at your phone in the meantime?” Josy asked as she put away the beach towel and sat on the bed.

“My phone? Why?” Melanie asked with some suspicion.

“I don’t mean to look at your messages! I just thought I’d like to look at our pictures,” Josy said, apologetic. “You did promise I could look some time.”

“Uh,” Melanie blushed, remembering how much nudity those pictures contained. She’d be more comfortable looking along with Josy, but she needed to shower first. “I know, I promised… Okay, fine.”

Melanie hesitated. She wanted to be there while Josy looked at the pictures, but she needed that shower now. She quickly went out the door and into the bathroom. All in all, she managed to make it a quick shower, just to get rid of the oil, and kept her hair dry. Feeling clean again, she went back and plopped herself on her bed next to Josy, who was still busy with Melanie’s phone.

Josy was watching the striptease video, which had just reached the second song. It was especially embarrassing for Melanie to watch herself wiggle her panty clad butt, followed by a slap from Josy. Even the part where she had put her hand down her panties to touch herself was on video. After the video ended, Josy scrolled through the pictures.

“This is a nice one,” Josy said as she showed a picture of an embarrassed Melanie in Josy’s backyard, covering her breasts and pussy with her arms and hands.

“Tastes differ, I guess,” said a red-faced Melanie, taking back her phone and putting it aside.

She lay back down and Josy did the same.

“That was a fairly clean massage, Josy. I had expected you to take a few liberties along the way.”

“I thought I’d try to keep it professional,” Josy said, as she touched Melanie’s hip with her fingers. “But now that the massage is over…” she said as she slowly moved her fingers over Melanie’s leg to her inner thigh and then up the crease between her leg and her smooth lips.

Melanie gasped, and teased, “Hmm, some professional you are.”

They lay there for a while. Melanie enjoying the aftereffects of that relaxing massage, while Josy continued to lightly touch her, alternating between innocent touches on arms and legs and more daring touches near her sex.

“Lately I’ve been thinking,” Melanie said, while Josy caressed her stomach.

“What about?” Josy asked, running her fingernails up Melanie’s stomach and then between her breasts.

“That I’ve been selfish,” Melanie said. She felt Josy’s fingers run circles around her right breast.

“What do you mean?” Josy asked, now tracing her fingertips in a decreasing spiral up Melanie’s breast.

“Ahh oh,” Melanie moaned as Josy lightly pinched her nipple. “I haven’t paid enough attention to you.” Melanie turned her head towards Josy and looked her friend in the eyes, as Josy put her whole hand on her breast, rubbing her nipple with the palm of her hand, forcing another moan out of Melanie.

Josy blushed and bowed her head, breaking eye contact. Her hand stayed still on Melanie’s breast. “Do you mean returning the favor?” Josy asked.

“Not what I mean, but I will if you let me.”

“I don’t know. I like it like this,” Josy said, as her hand moved south again.

“What I mean,” Melanie said, and then gasped as Josy passed her stomach and lightly pressed her fingers on her mons, massaging the soft tissue. She continued, “what I mean is I’ve noticed a pattern. You’ve been holding something in.”

Josy’s hand stopped, resting on Melanie’s lower abdomen.

Melanie could tell she was on point, and it seemed to be affecting Josy in a big way. “I care about you, Josy,” she said, reaching out and gently pushing Josy’s chin back up. Josy let her.

“I… I know,” Josy said, tears forming in her eyes.

“I am here for you, if you let me in,” Melanie said, her mood shifted as she immediately realized this was serious.

Josy forced her eyes closed and moved her hand off Melanie’s stomach.

Melanie touched Josy’s cheek, rubbed away a tear with her thumb. She waited for Josy to speak. In the meantime, she caressed Josy’s jawline, ears, and gently touched her nose.

“I… I will tell you, Mel,” Josy finally said. “But can it wait till tomorrow?”

“If that is what you want,” Melanie said.

“I don’t want to talk about it, but…” Josy said. She paused before continuing, “I will have to talk about it I guess. You’ve probably noticed how I draw myself back sometimes.”

“Yes.”

“It’s because, when I push you…” Josy stopped, forcing her eyes closed again.

“It’s okay, Josy. You know I like it when you push me. Well, with limits,” Melanie smiled, remembering some of the times Josy pushed her to the limit. However, seeing the anguish on Josy’s face just then, made her regret saying it. She gently placed her hand on the side of Josy’s head, below her ear.

After a moment, Josy continued to say, “When I push you so far, like yesterday in the bathroom, I’m reminded of my ex.”

As the meaning of those words became clear to Melanie, she began to understand the pain Josy was feeling. All the times Josy had felt that she had pushed Melanie too much, or touched Melanie in ways she thought had taken it too far, Josy had been reminded of what her ex had done to her.

Melanie could only guess what exactly had happened, but she guessed that’s what had been the reason for their breakup. She also guessed that Josy hadn’t talked about it with anyone before, not her friends, not her parents, not her brother.

“Oh, Josy,” Melanie said, near in tears herself. She turned on her side to face Josy, watching her friend for any signs of resistance as she pulled herself closer. She kissed Josy on the forehead and tried to wrap her arm around Josy’s back.

Josy shivered and moved into the hug, letting Melanie wrap her arms around her, as difficult as that was laying down. They lay like that for a while, as Josy cried softly and Melanie held her, caressing her back, kissing her hair, hating Josy’s ex.

Melanie thought back to the other times Josy’s mood had changed. How Josy had seemed so unhappy last night after the bathroom incident. The pain she had seen last week when she had told Josy about Brian nearly stripping her. Josy being distant after the changing room incident. Melanie understood now, every time Josy had felt she had pushed too far, Josy had been reminded of what her ex had done to her. Melanie knew she needed to let Josy know that it was not the same at all.

After a long time staying like that, Melanie felt Josy shift, and she let go of her as Josy turned onto her back.

“I sometimes think back to stripping you, pushing you into situations where I could see you were embarrassed, and I feel so bad about doing that to you,” Josy said after a moment.

Melanie laid her hand on Josy’s shoulder. She could hear the pain in Josy’s voice.

“Josy, I don’t regret those things. You know that I pushed back when it was too much, even though sometimes I wish I hadn’t, wondering how far I could’ve gone,” Melanie said. “Those were amazing experiences for me. Still are. Please don’t feel bad about them. From the very first time we were in that field, there was a serenity in that moment, it’s hard to explain. I had worries, of course. I didn’t know how you would react, but instinctually, it felt like I could trust you. And you didn’t break that trust, you listened to me.”

“It means a lot to hear you say that,” Josy said.

“I’m here for you, Josy,” Melanie said again. “And if you feel uncomfortable about something you’re thinking about, or something we did, you can tell me. We can talk about it.”

“Okay,” Josy said. After a moment, she said, “I know it’s a lot to ask, but…”

“Anything, Josy.”

“I…” Josy began again, choking up before continuing, “I don’t want to be alone right now. Can I stay here?”

“Of course,” Melanie said immediately. However, her thoughts then went to her single bed. There wasn’t much room even laying on top of the covers, side by side. She didn’t have a couch or anything, however, and nothing to sleep on the ground. “It’ll be a tight fit.”

As they prepared for bed, Josy stripped down to her shirt and panties.

Sharing a single bed was indeed a tight fit. Melanie lay against the wall, with the duvet just around her. On her right, Josy was laying very close to her, their shoulders, elbows and hips touching.

During the night, Melanie woke up several times. It was not a comfortable sleeping arrangement, but she was not going to send Josy home. She could cope with this one time and sacrifice a little sleep for her friend. It wasn’t all bad though, she enjoyed the closeness of it all. With a bigger bed, she might get used to this very quickly.

One of those waking moments, she wondered what she should do with Brian. She wanted to explore her budding relationship with him, to see where it might go, but she also needed to be a good friend to Josy right now. It would be difficult enough to explain to him that she was often nude around Josy, but sleeping together? Brian had asked her just two days ago whether she and Josy were together. She felt awful about having to hide this from him but she could not expect him to understand. Of course, she could not tell him about Josy’s pain. To be fair to Brian, she needed to figure all this out first.

*****

Early Sunday morning, Melanie woke up as she needed to pee. Josy seemed to be on her side towards her. She carefully moved Josy’s hand off her stomach and got out of bed, trying not to wake Josy. However, she could not avoid bumping against her friend.

After a quick nude toilet visit, she stepped back into her room. Josy was awake and looking at her with a knowing smile.

Melanie blushed. “I can explain,” she said. She hadn’t thought of putting on a shirt, and Josy did not yet know about her nude hallway walks.

“This I need to hear,” Josy grinned. “Enlighten me on how this started.”

“I… Uh,” Melanie had meant to play it off as a spur of the moment thing, blame it on not wanting to wake Josy.

“You go to the toilet just wearing your slippers?” Josy asked.

Melanie turned crimson.

“Or do you also go to the shower like that?” Josy asked. She could probably see the answers on Melanie’s face. “Say, maybe with your towel over your arm?”

“Stop! Please!” Melanie begged.

Josy giggled.

Underneath all the embarrassment, Melanie also felt happy to see Josy in a better mood, so she decided to just tap her foot, as if she was getting annoyed with Josy. It seemed to further Josy’s amusement. She knew Josy would need more time, but this was a good start.

“Almost seven,” Josy said. “I should go home before my roommates wake up and ask questions about where I was. I don’t want to have to explain.”

Melanie nodded. She didn’t want questions from her roommates either.

Josy got up from the bed and started putting on her other clothes again, while Melanie sat watching on the bed.

“I’m here if you need me. Or just text me and I’ll come over,” Melanie said.

“Thank you, Mel,” Josy said, as she went to Melanie for a hug. “I think I’ll be okay. Do me a favor? Get out of this stuffy room after I go.”

Melanie gave a chuckle, “Okay.” She knew Josy was being evasive, but forcing the conversation wasn’t going to help.

“By the way, you need a bigger bed,” Josy said.

After Josy left, Melanie decided to follow Josy’s suggestion and go be lazy on one of the common room couches. Feeling a need to be playful, she only put on a shirt and some ankle socks. No one seemed to be awake yet and with her phone, she lay on one of the couches, legs away from the doorway. She was enjoying the freedom she had since none of her roommates were likely to get up this early on a Sunday. Even if they do come in, she can just make an excuse and go back to her room.

Relaxing, and occasionally reading something on her phone, she didn’t watch the time and it surprised her when Reese came walking into the room. On her phone, she saw it had just passed eight thirty.

“Hey Mel,” Reese said as she walked over to the kitchen. “It’s okay if I call you Mel, right?”

“Uh, sure,” Melanie said. Laying down there was a risk of her shirt rising and exposing more than she wanted to, so she moved to sit up straight on the couch.

She watched Reese get a cup of coffee and sit down on the couch opposite hers.

“Nice and quiet, isn’t it, these Sunday mornings?” Reese asked in her soft, gentle voice.

“Yes, I was just being lazy.”

“You’re a runner, right?” Reese asked, looking at Melanie’s legs.

“Yes, I go running two or three times a week, usually,” Melanie answered, blushing at the attention to her legs, given she was bare except for her shirt. She pressed her legs together some more.

“You have nice legs, I’m kind of jealous, actually. Maybe I should start running,” Reese said, looking up from her cup as she sipped her coffee.

“You should, it’s so nice. I feel so much more energetic after a run,” Melanie beamed, imagining her post-run energy.

“Hmmm,” Reese paused before continuing, “About the other day…”

Melanie wondered where Reese was going with that, and asked, “What other day?”

“In the hallway, middle of the night. I could tell you were naked,” Reese said, still with that soft and gentle voice.

Melanie felt the heat rise to her face, but Reese’s voice somehow took the edge off that revelation.

“Don’t worry, I won’t tell the others. I know how Alani and Paige have been teasing you about being a nudist.”

“Ah… Paige isn’t so bad actually.”

“Mostly Alani, yes. I can imagine,” Reese said. She paused, and said, “But it made me think, are you a nudist, or not?”

“I’m not,” Melanie answered. She felt hot and imagined her face was red.

“No, you don’t seem to be. I’m sorry, I don’t mean to embarrass you,” Reese said. She sounded sincere, and she was still talking with that same kind voice.

Melanie looked up at Reese. She liked her. Reese was a quiet girl and always seemed kind to her. Even so, right now Reese was looking at her legs, at her exposed thighs, and embarrassing her with these questions.

“Still, you walk through the hallway nude, at night,” Reese said, raising an eyebrow at Melanie. “Not that I’m saying you shouldn’t, but that would be something a nudist might do. Or an exhibitionist. But I don’t think you’re an exhibitionist either.”

Melanie felt herself blushing even more.

“I’m sorry, Mel, I’m making you uncomfortable. I’m just thinking out loud. Still, I can see you squirming with your legs. You’re embarrassed, but also somehow excited by this, aren’t you?”

Melanie shook her head.

“It’s okay, don’t worry. I won’t tell anyone else. But…” Reese whispered, pausing and looking around. “if you want to pull your feet up on the couch, don’t let me stop you.”

Pull her feet up? Melanie shivered at the prospect. With Reese sitting opposite, she’d see directly between her legs. She looked up at Reese, afraid of what the girl might say next.

“I think you want to,” Reese said. She had a kind smile on her face.

Melanie swallowed hard. This whole conversation had gotten her excited, despite all the embarrassment. Reese was right, she wanted to do it, and she didn’t think Reese would make a big deal out of it.

She shuffled her butt to the back of the couch, sitting on her shirt. Then she slowly pulled her feet up and placed them, slightly apart against her thighs. She saw that Reese was looking directly at her pussy, and she loved the attention.

“Ah, oh,” Reese looked gently surprised.

“What?” Melanie asked, she hadn’t expected surprise.

“Oh, it’s just that…” Reese smiled, still looking between her legs, she continued to say, “It’s just that I thought you were wearing panties. I didn’t expect to see pink.”

Realizing her mistake Melanie squeaked and hid her face with her hands.

“You’re embarrassed, probably very embarrassed, but you’re not covering yourself,” Reese said in an amused tone.

Reese was right. Melanie was still sitting there, not covering her pussy, while Reese was likely still looking at her. Why did she not cover herself? She bit her lip. Why was she enjoying this moment so much, despite the embarrassment? She dropped her hands and looked up. Reese was indeed still looking between her legs. For some reason, Melanie felt calmer, and the embarrassment was fading.

“That’s a beautiful pussy, Mel. I would take a picture, but my girlfriend would get so mad at me. She’s rather the jealous type.”

Girlfriend? Melanie’s eyes went wide.

“It looks so yummy. I can see how much you’re enjoying this,” Reese said. Then her tone became sorrowful as she said, “But I can’t have a taste, I’m happy with my girlfriend.”

Melanie just sat there, taking in all the things Reese had said, enjoying every moment of it. The embarrassment was gone, all that was left was pure enjoyment. She wished she could touch herself but didn’t dare. She didn’t want to ruin the moment and had no idea how Reese would react.

“You won’t tell my girlfriend about this, right?” Reese asked. “She would kill me. Even so, when she comes over for a visit, maybe you could do a show like this for the both of us? She wouldn’t believe her eyes.”

The embarrassment was back.

“I should go…” Melanie said, looking towards the door.

“Yes, I imagine so,” Reese said, winking at her. As Melanie was getting up and walking out, Reese said, “This was fun. We should do it again sometime.”

*****

That evening at dinner, Melanie looked at Reese, expecting some sort of teasing or hint that referred to that morning. However, Reese didn’t act any different from how she normally was, and the others didn’t show any sign of knowing about it.

She did make eye contact with Reese, and she just saw a minute hint of a smile, but that was it. After going back to her room, there was a soft knock on her open door. It was Reese.

