He ran out towards the plains without even thinking about where he was going. He just knew he needed space suddenly. He needed the wide open sky and the vast empty fields, and the wind that ran through them both to blow away the taste of Jason. To cleanse away his guilt.

He ran until he couldn’t run anymore; then dropped to his knees in the scrubby grass, wheezing for breath. He felt like he might burst into tears at any second. He’d betrayed Rimmer. Even though he’d stopped what was happening before it could go any further, what he’d already done was more than enough. Even if he’d done nothing at all; he still would have been guilty in thought, if not in deed; and that wasn’t a whole lot better. And the worst part was, he knew that he’d come horribly close to not stopping at all.

The only reason that he’d snapped out of his helpless trance of arousal was because Jason had made a serious and unwise error of judgement in his seduction. He’d made a push for intimacy that had been both too far and too fast by half. 

Sex was one thing. Lister was no prude; he’d been there and pretty much done it all one way or another. What Jason had done at that moment however, had been nothing to do with sex, and he knew it. It had been a psychological attack. He knew what Lister’s weak point was and he’d gone for it with claws and teeth out.

He’d licked his scars. Not even Rimmer had ever done that. He knew better. The sense of shock, of vulnerability, the sense of pure invasion had dragged up a flashback of the only time in his life he’d ever felt that kind of emotion before; and it had probably been the last thing Jason had wanted him to think of at that moment.

He’d thought of the first ever time he’d felt Rimmer’s tongue touch his ass.

And that was why he’d run. Not only because it brought crashing home the full impact of what he was doing; but also because it had made him realise that no matter how sexy Jason was, he didn’t want that kind of intimacy with him. Not now, not ever. He only wanted Rimmer.

He looked up at the sky. Space was only black when you were up there. From down here it was a deep sapphire blue, the colour of infinity, with a shower of diamond stars that watched him with cold disinterest; the same way they watched everything else. Lister looked back at them, hoping against hope that he would spot one falling; so he could make a wish to take back what had just happened with Jason. He would have given anything to turn back the clock and make this last half hour have never happened. But he couldn’t. He was going to have to live with it forever.

“Dave?” He looked around and saw Jason standing nervously a few feet away. He looked worried. “I thought I should come after you...You seemed so upset...” he said awkwardly. Lister sighed heavily and climbed to his feet.

“I’m okay, man” he said quietly, “I’m sorry I pushed you. I just...I had to get out.”

“I didn’t mean...” Jason started to say wretchedly, but Lister interrupted him.

“It doesn’t matter,” he said. “I’m sorry, Jason, but this...It just can’t happen.” 

He took in his expression and felt the need to explain himself. “It’s not like there isn’t a part of me that really, really wants to,” he admitted. “You’re a gorgeous guy and I fancy you like mad, but...” he shrugged helplessly, “I love Rimmer. It’s as simple as that. I won’t risk hurting him, or losing him, and I won’t cheat on him. Not for anyone. I’m sorry.”

“I love you too,” Jason said, but it sounded petulant rather than tender; and Lister wasn’t sure he believed him. Either way, he wasn’t going to stand here and argue about it. “Perhaps,” he settled for, diplomatically, “But you’ve only known me for a few months. And what Rimmer and I have...Everything we’ve been through together over the years...Well, that makes for a different kind of love. And I won’t give that up. So I hope you understand why what happened tonight can’t ever happen again. I’m sorry that I led you on, man, I really am. But it has to end now; tonight.”

Jason sighed and for a moment Lister thought he might argue, but when he spoke it was with sadness and nothing more. “If that’s really how you feel,” he said softly, “Then I don’t suppose there’s anything else I can do. But if you ever change your mind, then don’t forget, I’ll be here waiting.”

“I’ll remember,” Lister told him, “Just don’t wait too long. I don’t want you wasting time on me when you could be happy with someone else.” Jason stared at him hard,

“You really don’t think there’s any chance that we could ever be together?” he asked him, “How can you be so sure?” Lister laughed weakly,

“Let’s just say that me and Rimmer...we did all our arguing a long time ago. If we still love each other after all that, I can’t think of anything that would tear us apart.”

“So...” Jason said glumly, “Just friends then?”

“Yeah. But good friends still. I hope,” Lister added, a mite more cheerfully.

“Okay.” Jason stepped forward and they hugged briefly.

All in all, Lister felt, things could have ended a lot worse.