Myself Poonam Suchismitapati, from B.T.M. Colony, Jharsuguda sized 32-28-32 once again in front of you to express you a pleasure experience of mine. I am not a virgin lady. My experience began with my brother which I had not considered. My brother Japun aged 19 studied about me and perhaps he became grateful to know about me. He made a plan to have sex with me and also fucked me. I am describing my story as follows:

My cousin sister's marriage party was fixed. My younger brother Japoon was with me on a drive to their town in the car. I was driving and he was sitting by my side. We were talking of others on the path. Suddenly he told me that, he was not thinking me as I am the type. I asked," What u mean." He said me that he knows all about me from a web side. He also said me that he is going to tell all about Papa very soon in the cafe. I got frightened but in courage asked him that what he has seen. He said me that he has seen my written SEX WITH JITU in the in the story website. I continued okey. And what are you going to tell about me.
He said," Papa give Poonam to Jitesh, as Jitesh had done everything with her." I said him that don't to be do so. He said that he will not do anything like this if I will have favor to him. I understand what is he going to tell me about. Than he told me that he wants to see me whether I am virgin or not. I said how will you know of it? He said if I will be virgin than his cock will enter into my pussy in hard, if not that will enter softly. I said him that I am not a virgin and the story is real and why do you want to be a BAHANCHOD. He said that no one will know of that and he is not going to tell that to anyone. I said okay and where is he going to fuck me. He said that we can do it secretly inside a hotel. We went to a hotel and enjoyed ourselves very finely.
We both became naked. I said him to sit. He sat. I handled his cock softly. I shook that vividly. His cock became hard and more hard. He fucked me by Doggy style. Than I said him to sit quietly on the bed. He sat down. I put his cock on my mouth. He was swallowing my hairs. I put his cock in my mouths. Than I stood up and pointed my ASS towards his cock and sat on it. But unfortunately that slided and did not get to the destination. Than I said him to hold his cock up and I will sit on it. He hold that up and I sat on his cock.
First that went and than I became fast and he was also very first. We both enjoyed there for about three times till 04.00p.m. in the evening. Than we went to their home and on the path of returning also he took me to that hotel and fucked me hardly in that hotel. That time we used condoms and POWER CAPSULES and enjoyed ourselves more than that time. He is an ultimate man whom I got from home for pleasure. He said that he! will fuck me whenever he will got hot. I said yes. He said me to leave Jitesh from sex. I said yes and we left hotel.
Since that day I am not looking at others and whenever becomes hot I got sex from my own brother. I am aware of that whether he will totally destroy my pussy or not. As we are in own home and we do that most of the night. So I fear that if he will do me most than what shall I give my husband. There will be nothing for my husband as my every part would be damaged.