Annoying Sister 
By Joshua

Last Friday I was at my friend Joe's house after school working on a school project when his smart ass little sister Destiny came down the stairs with her friend Amanda being all loud and wanting to watch TV. 

Destiny's a real cutie (and kind of slutty too) with long silky brown hair, pouty lips and a nice round butt and healthy boobies for being skinny and all. She was wearing tight green gym shorts and a short t-shirt with her bare tummy and pierced belly button showing as if to purposely show off that she knew she had a hot body. Seeing her like that was driving me crazy inside considering I already had a secret crush on her that I've never told anyone about. 

Her friend Amanda is like her tag-along twin that acts and dresses just like her. She's got straight blond hair and an even more petite body than Destiny with a sexy bod too. She was wearing a very short jeans skirt that barely covered her curvy little rear end, and a baby T so short her stomach and a very noticeable flowery tattoo on lower back prominently on display. Together they made for quite a duo of hot little tramps. 

"Whatcha doin Joey?" she asked with a sassy tone. 

"School work, what does it looks like? Now go away and leave us alone" 

Well instead of leaving she turned the TV channel to FUSE (music video channel) and her and Amanda started dancing around the room obnoxiously singing along to some cheesy Nelly music video, obviously trying to bug us as much as possible. 

"Cut it out Destiny or you're going to really piss me off! Go watch TV somewhere else!" Joe yelled very annoyed now. 

"Really? Why don't YOU go somewhere else! What are you going to do run to Mommy? She's not even home!" she shot back mockingly. 

Now trying to be as annoying as possible she started circling closer and closer to us spinning around and moving to the music with Amanda following suite as the song played out.. 'It's getting hot in hea, so take off all your clothes..' I'll never forget the lyrics and the image of jr stripper Destiny's hot little body and bare midriff undulating around in front of me. 

Soon they were both passing right in front of us making it very difficult to concentrate. Eventually Destiny got close enough to even purposely bump her hot little butt right into my face (!) making it virtually impossible to study or do anything else except think about her hot bod. 

"QUIT! If you don't stop I swear I'm going to tie you and your pain-in-the ass friend up and throw you both in the closet for the rest of the afternoon! Seriously!" 

"Oh really?" 

"Yeah really!!" Joey said standing up all incensed ready to charge at her now. 

Well, your going to have to catch us first DORK!" Destiny sneered as she jumped in lightning fast yanking Joe's short down to his thighs before they both sped off laughing hysterically running up the stairs full speed. 

"That's it!" Joey yelled pulling his shorts up embarrassed and angry. "You are toast now! Get them!" he shouted as he took off after them with me intrigued and in chase. 

We made quick work of catching up to them and easily got them before they made it to the top of the stairs. Bear hugging them as they screeched out loud we lifted them off the ground and dragged them kicking and screaming back down into the basement and pinned them down on the couch. 

"Oh my God let us go you jerks!!" Destiny yelled as we wrestled around with both of them till we wound up sitting on them in order maintain control. 

"You asked for it, now your going to get it! Joey said laughing evilly. "Maybe next time you'll think twice about f*cking with me!" 

With both struggling brats pinned down on the couch I managed to single-handedly sit on both of them with their arms folded behind them long enough for Joey to go into the garage and emerge with a roll of tape and some rope. I couldn't believe he was actually serious about tying them up but I was having so much fun now I didn't care. 

Starting with his sister he wrapped tape then rope around her wrists, then around her ankles while she struggled around in futility protesting the whole time. In all her kicking around her shorts rode embarrassingly up her butt in back exposing a lot of extra cheek. With her hands secured behind her and her feet being tied together at the ankles she was quickly rendered helpless which was an incredible site to see. 

"I see you have your best hooker attire on today!" Joey laughed as he viciously grabbed the bottom of her short on both sides (just below each cheek) and pulled then way up her butt giving her a massive wedgie and exposing a lot of her ass. She screamed as he pulled up harder and harder till the crotch of her shorts strained and near disappeared up her ass crack as she protested writhing around unable to stop him from humiliating her. 

Once we had Destiny fully disabled we moved onto her ditsy side kick Amanda who was wearing the skirt. Purposely wrestling around with her we managed to make sure we got her skirt worked up high enough to leave her disheveled panties fully exposed as we tied her ankles and hands together behind her like Destiny's. She had skimpy white panties with red polka dots on that were all wedged up her crack on one side exposing a great deal of her cheek too. I was loving it and unable to stop myself from staring at their hot exposed butts. 

Once he was done tying her up Joe had me hold their heads still as he shoved socks into each of their mouths and wrapped tape around their heads about 4 times. Securely gagging them he shut their whining up good once and for all. 

"There now that's better!" Joe said mockingly as they lay there 'mmmmfing' into their gags. We took a step back admiring our handiwork watching both little brats wiggle around with their disheveled clothes and wedgied butts exposed for a few good long moment just enjoying the view. 

"Now little miss annoying ... since you thought it was so funny to pants me and all, let's see how you like it!" Joey exclaimed ominously as he sat next to her holding her securely so she could not roll away... 

"Now little sis ... since you thought it was so funny to pants me and all let's see how you like it!" Joey exclaimed ominously as he sat next to her holding her securely so she could not roll away. Then to my complete shock he brazenly hooked his fingers into her shorts and actually pulled them and her panties too ALL the way down to her knees exposing her whole hot bare hiney, hips and what looked like a very manicured triangle! Sitting only a foot or two away I took in every obscene detail almost embarrassed for even witnessing such a thing. 

"MMMMMMMMPH MMMMMMMPH!" she screeched into her gag rolling around on the couch right next to me bare from her tummy to her knees with her sultry hips and round little ass in full view. 

"How do you like that huh?" Joey said triumphantly, tapping her bare ass with his palm tauntingly. Snapping back through her gag she cursed at him while trying to deliver a vicious kick to his head with her bound together feet. 

Blocking her kick he pushed her legs away and retaliated by viciously tickling her sides till she was spazing out kicking around all naked and humiliated. I got great shots up and in-between her legs as she wrestled around getting totally owned by her own brother. Laughing he seemed to be really enjoying humiliating her right in front of me. 

Then as if this wasn't bad enough she tried to jab at his head again with her feet so this time he caught her ankles and bent them back over towards her head till he had her knees almost pinned to her chest, kind of like a forced football player stretch. In this position her naked spread rear was stuck up in the air with her bunghole and pussy fully and obscenely spread open! Stunned I sat there looking over her slightly parted pussy lips and little ass. I could have creamed right in my shorts watching this. 

Laughing Joey said, "Wanna try and kick me again? Huh?" as he held her in that embarrassing position for a good few long minutes till she stopped resisting and cursing at him. Eventually he let her go. 

With her shorts now laying around her ankles she tried to jump up and hop away bottomless but Joey pulled her back saying, "Haven't you learned your lesson yet?" 

"MMMMMmmmph! MMMMmmmmmph!" Destiny shook her head trying to say yes. 

"What I can't hear you?" 

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMPH!!!! MMMMMMMMMMPH!!!!" again she screamed this time violently nodding yes over and over so there was no question. 

"What? Your saying no you haven't? Well maybe this will teach you a lesson!" 

Holding her up he started pulling her shirt up her body ready to expose her tits next as she tried in vain to evade him. 

"This is for Ronnie boy because he likes your boobies so much. Let's give him a good show!" he said evilly as I sat there somewhat embarrassed for being called out on my secret crush. 

Screeching "MMMMMMMMMMPHHH! MMMMMMMMMPH! MMMMMMMMMPH!" into her gag louder than ever Joey relentlessly man handled her wresting around till he got her shirt pulled up to her arm pits. Then without much hesitation he pulled her bra cups up forcing her bare tits to pop out completely exposed. Again she screamed and spazed out humiliated while Joey undid her bra and popped it open leaving her basically naked from tits to ankles now. Holding her down he began tickling her sides again just to make her healthy tits bob and jiggle around like crazy for me. 'Holy crap this is amazing!' I kept telling myself as I sat there in silence trying to not implicate myself too much in this humiliation. 

Finally semi satisfied with her humiliation, he grabbing her and threw her over his shoulder naked and struggling with her bare behind stuck up in the air. Holding her like this he grabbed her butt cheeks and pulled them obscenely apart to give me one final shot of her spread ass and pussy before he whirled her around a half dozen times like a helicopter then walked her over to the storage closet carefully tossing her into it. Exclaiming "Bye-Byeee! See ya later!" sarcastically he closed the door shutting her in. 

Next we turned our attention to Amanda who had sat there pretty much silent though the stripping and humiliation of Destiny..... 

to be continued...???


