Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 29 (Chapter 29)

“Where do you want to go?” Melanie asked, standing outside the gym.

“I was thinking Chinese takeout. I heard about a good place nearby.”

Melanie nodded. Before leaving the gym, they ordered online to save some time. Though the waiting room was almost empty, they still had to wait for their order, as people came and went before them.

As they left with their food, feeling hungry, Melanie wondered where they could eat, if not at home. Before she could ask, Josy beat her to it.

“I have a fun idea, but I’m not sure if we can eat there. First, let’s take the bus home?”

Though curious as to why they would go home first, Melanie nodded.

A short bus ride later, they were in the elevator of their building, where Josy pressed the button for the roof, much to Melanie’s surprise. There was a garden and a seating area on the roof, which would be nice in the summer, but…

“Isn’t it too cold?” Melanie asked.

Josy smiled. “Maybe, but let’s just check it out. I want to see something.”

Stepping out onto the roof, they were greeted by the evening’s chill. Still, Josy walked over to the seating area, Melanie following behind. The area was surrounded by windscreens and partially covered by large parasols. Though great in the summer to screen from the sun, they wouldn’t help much against the cold.

“Ah, as I thought,” Josy said, approaching one of the parasols. “Heaters.” She flipped the switch on the heater attached to the parasol stand, before sitting down and indicating the spot next to her for Melanie.

It didn’t take long for the heater to make it comfortably warm and after shedding their coats, they unpacked their food. Melanie felt her stomach rumbling and couldn’t wait to dig in.

“So, am I a genius, or what?” Josy asked between mouthfuls.

Melanie gave her the thumbs up. She was surprised that the seating area was very well maintained for a student building. The hard wooden benches could use cushions, but they had likely been stowed away. The square tables were low, at the level of the benches, perfectly fine for eating takeout – or having drinks in the summer. Her thoughts were interrupted by Josy touching her arm.

“Are you warm, comfy?”

Melanie nodded, smiling, but then was shocked to feel Josy’s hand wriggling into her pants pocket.

Josy pulled out Melanie’s panties. “I’m sorry for the panties trick at the gym.” She grinned, and holding up the panties with both hands, she said, “so I want to make it up to you.”

Melanie, suspicious, raised an eyebrow. “Make it up to me, how?”

“We’re alone here, so you can put them back on.”

Though amused by the gesture, Melanie rolled her eyes for appearances’ sake. “How is that making it up to me?”

Josy looked taken aback for a moment. Perhaps she hadn’t thought this through entirely. “Ah, you got me there. I just want you to be comfy, like we were in the shower,” she said, putting the panties down and lifting her fingers to her own chest, she rubbed in small circles. “Did you enjoy our time at the gym?”

Staring at Josy’s fingers that were working on two very particular points, Melanie thought back to the way Josy had teased her in the shower. The feeling of hard nipples pressing against her back. She suddenly felt the warmth of the heater much more than before.

With her mouth turning up at a corner, Josy said, “It’s plenty warm here, isn’t it?” She pushed her bra straps off her shoulders underneath her top.

Melanie stared in wonder as Josy proceeded to remove her bra. She was briefly treated to the sight of two nipples poking through, but all too soon they were hidden by Josy’s hands.

“Ah, aren’t you going to eat any more?” Melanie asked. She wanted those hands otherwise occupied.

Josy smiled and shook her head. “I had enough for now.” She seemed to be waiting for something.

Melanie sat up, looking around to confirm they were indeed alone. Taking her jacket, she put it on her seat and started taking off her shoes. With her hands on the button of her pants, she looked at the panties that were still on Josy’s lap. The next moment, she was pleased to see Josy take another bite of her food, no longer covering up.

“Slowly,” Josy said between bites.

Melanie unbuttoned her pants, taking the time to feel the warmth of the heater on her pants, on the skin she was gradually exposing. She lifted her butt off the seat and began to push her pants down her legs. Shifting her bare mound closer, she languished in the lascivious nature of the pose. As requested, she took her time, enjoying both the feeling of her exposed skin and the idea of stripping in this quiet public place with risk of being discovered at any moment.

Sitting back down, she continued. With her pants past her knees, she let go of them and languidly stretched out. This had the side effect of raising the hem of her blouse. The audible gulp coupled with the eyes that were busy looking her up and down, told her that it had the desired effect on Josy. Keeping her arms up, Melanie worked her legs. Although they felt heavy from the workout, she managed to pull her feet out of her pants.

Finally, she lowered her arms, and ran her hands down her sides, bare skin all the way from waist to the tips of her toes. She put her socks back on and rested her feet on the low table, knees bent. The heater kept some of the evening chill at bay, and it was a rather pleasant feeling. Folding up her pants, she placed them on her gym bag. Picking up her panties, Melanie hesitated.

The heat on her exposed skin felt wonderful, reminding Melanie of the summer, except that the sun had gone down and the cool breeze contrasted starkly with the warmth from the heater. Without looking at Josy, she set her panties aside. Making this choice in full knowledge that others could come out on the roof and see them at any time, sent a shudder through her body.

Being outside again, naked from the waist down, she was reminded of her recent run from the bus stop. It was so very cold then. Toying with the hem of her blouse, she exposed a little more of her abdomen to the heater’s warming glow.

“What does it feel like?” Josy asked.

“Hmm?”

“You know, to be nude outside like this?”

“Do I really need to answer?” Melanie turned her head towards Josy, seeing genuine curiosity. “You could try it for yourself.”

Josy smiled. “Even if I did, I wouldn’t know how it feels to you.”

Melanie thought for a moment on how to best put it into words. “It’s like my skin is electrified. Tingling from… I love the feel of the heater. Almost the same as summer, but different in an interesting way.” She stretched her legs on the table, scooted her butt forward, and laid back, raising her blouse up to her belly button. Gently caressing her skin, her fingers went down over her hips, on the outside of her thighs, where the effect of the heater was less, and then inward over her warm skin.

“Different?” Josy asked.

“I don’t know how to explain it. You need to try it.” As Melanie let her hands roam back up her thighs, her fingertips angled inward. She turned her head and smiled.

Josy was paying close attention to Melanie’s hands, while one of her own was playing with her left nipple through her blouse. The other nub was visibly erect, poking through the material.

“What about you? How do you feel about this?” Melanie asked, as her fingers reached the top of her thighs. She pressed her legs together, trapping her index fingers against her lips.

Josy moved closer, leaning into Melanie. It was a different kind of warmth from that of the heater. She put her hand on Melanie’s stomach and briefly tickled her belly button before moving up towards her breasts, pushing the blouse along.

“It keeps surprising me every time.”

’It keeps surprising?’ Melanie wondered what that meant. She raised an eyebrow, while her own hands still hadn’t moved from her thighs.

Josy pushed against the edge of Melanie’s bra. “Doesn’t seem right when you’re wearing something I’m not.”

“Pfft.” Melanie rolled her eyes, but turned her body slightly towards Josy, who started unbuttoning. She reached out and put her hand on Josy’s more ample chest, covered only by a top. As she touched Josy’s nipple, she said, “you’re always getting me naked. Why is the balance always in your favor?”

Josy paused with half the buttons undone. “Because this is what you really want. Although, I’ll admit that I enjoy helping you out this way.”

“So, it’s not just for me, is it? You’re getting something out of it?” Tugging at Josy’s top, Melanie wished that it were also a button up blouse. As her hand went to the hem, she looked up at Josy’s face for any sign that she should stop, before pushing it up to expose Josy’s stomach.

“Hmm,” Josy hummed, undoing the last button. She pushed Melanie’s blouse off her shoulders and deftly unclipped her bra. A brief moment later, Melanie was naked except for her socks. “Isn’t it exciting to be out here on top of our building like this?”

There was a noise from the rooftop door, and Melanie sat up to look in that direction. It was just the wind, she concluded, as a gust of chill air sent goosebumps spreading along her skin. She wrapped her arms around herself.

“Put this back on,” Josy said, and she helped button up Melanie’s blouse. They leaned back into each other, Melanie resting her head on Josy’s shoulder.

“This is what I want, is it?” Melanie continued their earlier conversation, playfully poking Josy’s breast.

“Uh huh. Did Sarah say anything about our shopping trip?”

Melanie sighed. “Thankfully no, but I do worry, you know – the changing room stuff.”

“I’m glad she’s not making a big deal out of it. Sophia as well. I thought she would’ve spilled the beans to my roommates by now.”

Melanie’s eyes went wide, glancing up to see Josy’s impish smile.

“I thought we would have established you as the casual nudist by now,” Josy said in an off-handed manner.

“What? That’s totally not –” Another noise. The wind again? They both turned their heads towards the door. The muffled sound of footsteps put her on instant alert. Thoughts of people seeing her like that intruded upon her, but she quickly quashed those thoughts.

Melanie sat up and rushed, jabbing her feet into her panties. The door opened and chatter and footsteps were closing in on them. She didn’t have time for her pants. Remembering her coat, she shuffled around and quickly tied it around her waist. With the lessons learned during the bus ride, she managed to cover her front much better.

She was just finishing when a mixed group of six walked by to sit in the square behind them, greeting them as they passed. They were carrying beer and other drinks.

After the group sat down, Melanie surreptitiously put her pants in her gym bag and looked up at Josy. ’Shall we go?’ she asked with her eyes.

Josy nodded and stood up.

“Hey, do you want to join us?” one of the guys asked, making room for them on one of the benches.

“Free drinks,” one of the girls added.

While Josy packed up their plates and leftovers, Melanie was wondering how she could get away without making it obvious she wasn’t wearing pants. She checked the coat around her waist, even retying it so that it provided the best cover. To her dismay, she noticed that familiar glint in Josy’s eyes. She shook her head, but Josy pulled her up from her seat and walked over to the other table.

One of the girls offered them each a drink. “Haven’t seen you around before.”

While accepting the non-alcoholic drinks, they gave a brief introduction. The others – three girls and three guys – were all second years and older. They had apparently been using the rooftop seating area most Fridays for the past year, when the weather allowed.

“The heaters are great, right?” the girl called Riley asked, looking at Melanie’s bare legs. “I think you had the right idea there.” She was wearing a knee length skirt and took off her shoes, followed by her thigh highs.

“Aren’t you going to take off your coat?” Jazmin asked.

Before Melanie could respond, Kyle interjected. “You two remind me of something.”

“Yeah, I know what you mean,” Asher exclaimed. “You’re the streaker duo!”

Melanie frantically shook her head and looked to Josy for help. She felt Josy briefly touch her hand in a comforting manner.

“Hey, hey, everyone relax,” Riley said. “We’re not going to out you or anything. I think it’s awesome.” She paused and there were firm nods all around. “That is…”

“That is?” Josy probed.

“Uhm, could you settle something for us? Was it a dare, or something else?” Jazmin asked.

Josy and Melanie exchanged glances, and after a surreptitious nod she said, “Yes, it was a dare.”

“And is it true you two were kissing? Some people were saying that.”

Though it appeared some of the color drained from Josy’s face, she answered calmly. “Definitely not.”

“So… this is something you two do often – giving each other dares. Did you dare each other to go braless today?” Riley asked, glancing at their tops.

Josy held her gaze. “No, no, no, we were at the gym before.”

Melanie hoped they wouldn’t press for more details, even though Josy’s response was not exactly an answer.

“Alright. One more question before we get back to our drinks. Why aren’t you wearing pants?” Riley asked Melanie.

She tried to think of a satisfactory answer, but her gaze faltered, dropping from Riley’s face to the girl’s bare legs. It gave her an idea of how to answer. “Uhm, I think you know why.” She looked back up at Riley’s face.

Riley looked down at her own bare legs. “Haha, touché. But then why are you still wearing your coat?”

Melanie didn’t have a retort to that.

“No judgment?” Josy asked Riley.

The others all promised and nodded.

“Okay, Mel?” Josy reached over and began to untie Melanie’s coat.

Melanie froze. ‘Wait, what?’ Was Josy seriously planning to have her remove her coat? Unable to will her hands to move and stop her friend, she looked up at the others. They were all watching attentively, while Josy was removing the one thing that was hiding her partially undressed state. She felt the heat rising in her face while at the same time, the cool evening air once again reached her panties. They could all see her, dressed in just her socks, panties and blouse. Not even a bra, as they had already pointed out earlier…

“I knew it!” Riley exclaimed.

“Cool,” Asher added.

“More like hot,” Kyle said, grinning. “But we’re going to be cool, aren’t we?”

Asher grinned along. “Of course.”

With Josy sitting back down beside her, Melanie felt the weight of all the attention on her. She was intensely glad she’d managed to put her panties back on, but noticed a big problem. In her haste, she had pulled them up too much. They were partially wedged between her folds. With her legs pressed together, the clear shape and outline of her pussy was on display. She thought of crossing her legs, but that wouldn’t solve the problem.

Everyone was quietly watching her, but she had to do something about it. She turned to the side in an effort to hide as she managed a fix with a few quick movements. Crossing her legs and turning back to the table, she dared to look up at her audience, her face burning red hot.

“Anyway,” Riley broke the silence, “Now that that’s cleared up, what are you guys majoring in?”

The group began to chat idly among themselves. Josy joined them in conversation, but Melanie felt she’d been the center of attention enough already, so she mostly kept quiet.

Melanie perked up, hearing Josy telling them about the bus ride – how the bottomless run hadn’t been the dare, but rather an unintended escalation. She elbowed Josy, and although she managed to halt the talk about her streaking experience, everyone was now looking at her with renewed interest. She just wanted to crawl under the table.

When they finished their first drinks, they were offered a refill, but Melanie shook her head.

“We should be going,” Josy said, standing up.

Melanie had been pondering what to do. Put her pants back on in front of the others, or walk away from them in just her panties? Neither option was appealing to her. Josy handed her her jacket and she put it on – as an actual jacket this time. “Thank you for the drinks,” she said, standing up.

Riley stood up. “Welcome. Join us again some time, we’re here most Fridays.”

“Sure,” Josy answered.

“Or come knock on our door. Eight twenty-two. You can tell us more about your dares.”

“We’ll bring drinks next time,” Josy winked at Riley.

As they walked away, Melanie tensed up, feeling the others staring at her butt. Despite trying to resist the urge, she used her right hand to feel the edge of her panties, reminding herself that her high cut panties left much of her cheeks on display.

Back inside, they walked to the elevator. Melanie wondered where she could or should put her pants back on, but Josy stopped before pressing the button.

“Are you okay, Mel?” Josy seemed concerned. “I didn’t expect them to recognize us like that.”

Melanie managed a timid smile. “Do you think they’ll keep quiet, as they promised?”

“I don’t know, but they seem like good people. Here, let me help you with your pants. Lean on me.” As Melanie stepped into her pants, Josy continued to say, “Actually, they were pretty open-minded about it. I think they wouldn’t have minded even if you hadn’t had your panties on.”

Melanie’s stomach lurched at the mere idea. “No way.”

“We’ll see,” Josy said, ignoring the objection. “Now let me tell you about your Halloween outfit.” Josy giggled.

