Spying on Tina
by Irish Moss

I was in the midst of moving into my new dorm room, which was in one of the older buildings on campus but had the novelty of a small sink in the room, when I discovered a small door in my closet. Being only nineteen at the time, I had no idea why there would be a small door inside my closet until I opened it and realized it was to access the pipes for the sink. I was thinking that it might be a nice little stash hole, so long as I didn't have any plumbing problems, and as I was exploring it further, noticed a bit of light visible further into the wall. I dug out my flashlight and took a closer look, discovering that it was from the hole where the pipes penetrated into my neighbor's room. This didn't mean very much to me until my new dorm neighbor showed up later that morning.

As I was continuing to unpack, having forgotten any thoughts of the little door in the closet at least temporarily, I heard some racket next door and assumed that my neighbor had arrived. Since it sounded like there were some other people helping with the move, I didn't go over to introduce myself right away and, a little while later, she ended up stopping by to introduce herself to me. I was trying to find someplace for some of the last few items I had to unpack when I heard a knock on my doorframe. The door was propped open and, when I turned toward it, I was pleasantly surprised by what I was seeing; I was even more pleasantly surprised when she identified herself as my new neighbor. Her name was Tina and, based on her last name and her appearance, I surmised that she was of Greek ancestry. Her hair was thick, curly and dark, she had a really nice rack and was curvy in all the right places. Her face, though not unattractive, was just about average but the entire package together was definitely visually pleasing.

It wasn't until later that day, after Tina was back in her own room and I got to thinking about her body, that I thought about that hole in the wall again. I was definitely interested in getting a better look at her figure, but living in a dorm there was always the potential for an opportunity to present itself; however, the thought of a hole leading into her dorm room was a strong lure. I knew there was no way that I could fit my head into the wall to look through the hole but I was somewhat familiar with pinhole cameras and wondered about one of them as a possibility. Of course, with the campus being in New York City, there were a lot of resources for learning about such devices and, after a few days of admiring Tina's figure, I started looking into them.

As I said, there was the possibility of becoming more familiar with Tina's body in other more intimate ways, whether via a discreet hook-up or due to her not being overly modest, but neither was a certainty and, the more I saw her and the more I got to know her, the more fascinated I was becoming with the idea of seeing that body on a regular basis. Of course there would be the risk of a pinhole camera being discovered, either by her or someone else in her room or by a plumber should there be any problems with either of our sinks, but it was getting to the point where I was willing to take the risk. There was also the concern that the investment wouldn't end up being worth it due to the resolution limits of such small cameras. The more thought I put into it, though, and the more experts I talked to in various shops around the city, the more confident I became that I could pull this off and that it would be worthwhile.

I ended up buying a nice little camera in Chinatown along with some software that would allow me to record video files onto my hard drive which I could later edit down to only the desired segments. The next issue was going to be getting it installed inconspicuously, which I managed to do one afternoon when I didn't have class but I knew that Tina did. I worked as best I could with my arm jammed into the wall and attached the cable to the drain pipe so that, if somebody opened the little door in her closet, they wouldn't see anything that looked out of place. With a few minor adjustments, I had the camera aimed to encompass about half of her room, including her bed and the front of her dresser. If she tended to change or dress in front of her closet, I'd end up being out of luck but I suspected that there would be a fair amount of action in front of the dresser and near the bed, so I was quite satisfied. The clarity was much better than I had expected, so the last thing I had to do was see how the camera looked from inside Tina's room.

Luckily, that evening after I got it set up, Tina had her door propped open so I wandered in to socialize a bit and meandered around her room a little, showing some interest in little odds and ends here and there. I sat on her bed at one point and looked right at where I knew the camera was and couldn't even see it. I even took an opportunity to stop and discreetly squat down right next to the sink and doubted even at that location anyone who didn't know the camera was there would notice it. It looked to me like everything was in place, so I went back to my room and played around with the software for a bit. I had a rough idea of Tina's schedule and figured I could fine tune the settings as I learned more about it. I wasn't planning to record anything during the day, since I expected that she'd be in class for most of that time and, even if she was in her room, there wouldn't be a high probability of her getting changed.

The first few days were even more successful than I could have imagined. The evening following the first night the camera was set up and operational, I sat down to review the footage from both the previous night and that morning. I started out fast-forwarding through a lot of Tina reading on her bed or sitting at her desk or walking around as she talked on the phone, but eventually hit relative pay dirt. I started watching even more intently as I saw her turn down her bed and close her shade, but she grabbed a little basket off her dresser and left the shot for a while. I recognized the basket as being full of her toiletries, so I assumed she had left the room to do her pre-bedtime ablutions, and just fast-forwarded until she was back in the room. Once she was back, she placed the basket back on her dresser and went in the direction of her closet. It occurred to me then that, like me, she probably had her laundry bag or basket in the bottom of her closet, so she'd probably undress near the closet door. There wasn't much I could do but hope that she dressed near her bed or in front of her dresser in the morning.

The relative pay dirt came when she crossed to her bed wearing only her panties, lifted her pillow and pulled a nightshirt from underneath it. She turned toward the dresser as she pulled the nightshirt over her head, so I got a quick side view of her luscious tits, with their large areolas, before they were covered by her sleepwear. It was just a few minutes later that she climbed into bed and turned out the light. I rewound and noted the time frame that I would want to retain, then went to the next clip, which was from that morning, anxious to know if there was more to see in the AM than there had been in the PM. Tina did not disappoint.

The room was fairly dark, but I could see the vague shape of Tina moving until she reached over and turned the light on. She sat up on the edge of the bed, showing a quick flash of her panties which ended up being meaningless when she pulled the nightshirt over her head. I could feel my cock stiffening as she let her nightshirt drop onto the bed and her beautiful tits were right there, exposed in all of their glory. I devoured them with my eyes, taking in the size and shape as well as the dark pink of her areolas and nipples. They were truly works of art and this moment made the whole setup worth it. Luckily for me, it got even better. With her nightshirt cast aside, Tina raised her ass off the bed and slipped her panties down her legs, exposing her dark bush, then stood and walked toward the closet with her panties in hand. When I next saw her, she was wearing a robe and grabbed her basket of toiletries again, so I assumed she was heading for the shower.

I rewound and watched her undressing again, then got up to make sure my door was locked and slipped out of my pants and underwear. I sat down and fast-forwarded, stopping when the overhead light came on in Tina's room, indicating that she was back from her shower. She returned the basket to her dresser then disappeared toward the closet again. When she reappeared, she was stark naked. My cock stiffened quickly as I watched her pull a pair of panties from her dresser, step into them, then take out a bra and put that on as well. She disappeared again and returned wearing a pair of jeans, but didn't put a top on as she went to work on her hair and makeup. I fast-forwarded again until she was finished, completely dressed and the overhead light went off. Sitting with my cock semi-rigid, I decided to do my editing and save the files, then watch them a few more times before putting my pants back on.

The editing went smoothly and I soon had my stiff cock in my hand as I watched the side view of Tina's tits, her early morning undressing and full-frontal nudity and her after-shower dressing over and over. Once I'd blown my load all over my fist, I hid the files in the depths of my hard drive and set up for that evening and the next morning before redressing and getting started on my schoolwork. Over the next few days, I captured more of the same and added to my collection, masturbating nightly over Tina in various stages of undress. As the weekend approached, though, I knew I'd have to expand my window of recording because I didn't know if she'd sleep later or stay up later. I wasn't expecting to catch much different over the weekend since I knew she didn't have a boyfriend and I got the sense as I got to know her better that she wasn't the type to just hook up at a frat party. Again, I found myself pleasantly surprised.

I found some time on Saturday afternoon to review the footage from Friday night and that morning and, though Friday night's footage was pretty typical, Saturday morning's redefined pay dirt. Tina's room gradually lightened as the sun got higher and Tina began to stir, just a little at first, but gradually more and more. I really didn't have a sense of what was going on until she suddenly flipped the covers back and raised her legs to slip her panties off. It was light enough that I could see her bush pretty clearly, though not as clearly as if the overhead light had been on, but I was going stiff pretty quickly regardless. She then pulled her nightshirt up to her chin, exposing her tits, and immediately began to massage them. The room continued to lighten as I stared unbelievably at Tina gently tugging her hard nipples before her right hand slipped down over her body and between her legs.

I paused the playback, double-checked that my door was locked, and stripped down completely. I backed the footage up a few minutes and watched again as Tina slipped off her panties, exposed her tits and started to fondle herself. I was gently stroking my tool as I watched her right hand moving over her bush and her left alternating from one nipple to the other. She started rocking her hips as she fingered her pussy and stroked her clit as I felt my own orgasm quickly building. I was transfixed as the room got lighter and more detail of her body was revealed, including that her eyes were tightly shut and her nipples were thick and hard. I was very close to cumming when she started to shake and was obviously doing so herself. I continued stroking as she went still and her hands dropped to her sides, leaving her nearly naked and exposed to me. By the time she sat up and stripped off her nightshirt, I was done for and began to spurt as I came.

I continued to watch even as I was blowing my load, as she stood and walked toward her closet. When I saw her again, my cum just dribbling by then, she was wearing her robe and grabbed her basket as she headed for the shower. I fast-forwarded until she was back from the shower and watched her get dressed, cum drying on my skin and my cock lying limply on my leg. I couldn't believe that footage and knew immediately that my investment had been incredibly wise. I cleaned myself up and got dressed again, then edited and saved the new footage. Having captured something like that so soon after starting made me think that there was going to be more to see than I had initially expected. I didn't know if Tina was a creature of habit or not, but I couldn't imagine that her masturbating would be a one-time thing or that she'd always do it the same way.

The next afternoon, I started to rethink the creature of habit thing. As I reviewed the footage from Sunday morning, I was surprised when Tina flipped her covers back again as it was getting pretty light in her room. This time she pulled her nightshirt off and stuck a hand into her panties, humping against it as the other hand felt up her titties again. She eventually shed the panties and, laying there naked, took care of her needs again as I put my own hand to work taking care of mine. I paused the video as she stood and I had a nice full-frontal as she headed for her closet, soon blowing my load as I admired her full, round tits and her trim, dark bush.

As the weeks went on, I continued to collect footage of Tina nude or partially nude during the week and masturbating with regularity on Saturday and Sunday mornings. I never saw her bring anyone back to her room or saw her masturbate during the week throughout that time but I did start to wonder if she'd be interested in somebody else taking care of her rather than always doing it herself. While we continued to get to know each other, along with the other residents of our floor, I made sure that I subtly flirted with her and casually complimented her without blatantly coming on to her. I was starting to craft an idea that was making more sense the longer I thought about it. If a better situation didn't present itself, I was going to go for broke one weekend morning and coincidentally head for the shower at the same time she did. The bathrooms were totally coed, though the showers were surrounded by stalls just as the toilets were, so we could essentially end up just feet apart and still chatting while we were naked and lathering up. I was thinking that maybe if she wasn't completely satisfied by masturbation, the two of us being naked under our robes or in adjacent showers might pique her interest in me as a sexual being. If she was horny and thinking about me naked at the same time, I surmised, good things could happen.

It wasn't too difficult to figure out what time she typically got out of bed on the weekends and, with the ability to watch live as the computer was recording, I got up one Saturday morning and waited, sitting in my robe. I had decided against masturbating along with her, not wanting to be already spent if something was to happen between us. She didn't disappoint and was soon fingering her pussy and caressing her breasts while my cock tented out my robe and I resisted the strong urge to stroke it. When she'd finished and was getting up, I grabbed my toiletries and quietly opened my door. No one was in the hallway, so I stood there as if I was just closing it until Tina stepped out and I actually pulled it shut and locked it. I said "Good Morning" and waited for her to lock up, then walked with her down to the bathroom. She seemed a little embarrassed that I was seeing her first thing in the morning, so I wanted to let her know that I found her attractive anyway and ended up asking her if she wanted to conserve water by showering together.

She whipped her head sideways to look at me and see if I was serious so I moved my own basket of toiletries aside to reveal the tent pole in my robe. She looked back up at my face and, after a moment of thought, said that if no one else was in the bathroom and we could both be quiet about it, she thought it would be a good idea. My prayers were answered as we found the bathroom deserted, though I suspect if anyone had been in there we might have ended up back at one of our rooms after showering separately. We went into one of the shower "anterooms" and set our baskets inside the shower itself then looked at each other and I sensed that she was waiting for me to take the lead. I went ahead and opened my robe, since she seemed fixated on the tented out area. My cock was rigid and pointing at her so I stepped closer and she took it in her hand, gently stroking it as I moaned softly.

I was pleased when she sat down on the edge of the tub and wrapped her lips around my throbbing tool, sliding them down to engulf it in her hot mouth. She was still wearing her robe, but I was so completely worked up from watching her masturbating earlier that I knew it wouldn't take very long before I was cumming down her throat. I was running my fingers through her thick hair and pushing my hips toward her face slightly each time she engulfed my cock in her mouth. She held the base of my cock in one hand and gently fondled my balls in the other and I was quickly aware that this wasn't her first attempt at a blowjob. Even if I hadn't been completely worked up already, it wouldn't have taken much of her cocksucking to get to the point where I could feel my orgasm coming on very quickly.

I was relishing the feel of her mouth, looking down at her to see my cock sliding in and out of it, while also thinking about how her tits had looked and how trim her bush was, realizing that I was about to see them again, but up close and personal. The fact that they were so close to me and covered only by Tina's robe probably helped push me along as much as her skillful cocksucking. I tried to keep my desire to moan loudly under control even though I hadn't heard anyone come into the bathroom, but an occasional gasp escaped the closer I got to cumming. As my cock swelled even more, I started to push my hips toward her face a little bit more and she responded by pumping the base of my shaft while trying to take more of it into her mouth. I couldn't help but let a little noise escape when I finally exploded into her mouth and she swallowed my load while continuing to suck my cock.

She let my tool fall from her mouth once I was spent then I helped her to her feet. I whispered that we should turn the shower on and get in and that I'd take care of her inside where no one would be able to see two pairs of feet under the stall. I hung my robe on one of the hooks, then opened hers and slid it down her arms while devouring her awesome tits with my eyes. I hung her robe, too, then ran my hands over her succulent globes before I remembered that we were trying to avoid having two sets of feet spotted. I suggested that she turn the water on and my eyes locked on her ass as she bent over to do so, the blood already trying to return to my spent organ. With the water temperature set, we stepped into the shower and I immediately dropped to my knees. She leaned against the tile wall and put one foot up on the opposite edge of the tub, opening herself up to me as I leaned in and started lapping up her juices.
She let out a soft moan that would have been drowned out by the shower for anyone outside of our stall as I lapped at her pussy, then started to lick and suck her clit while slipping a finger into her. Her pussy was slippery and very snug, which made my cock continue to try to revive at the idea of slipping into it. She was running her fingers through my hair and humping her pussy against my face while I worked on her clit with my tongue and lips and slid my finger in and out of her. I wasn't sure, given that she had just cum not that long before, how quickly she'd be on the verge again, but it turned out to be pretty quickly. I could feel her pussy becoming more engorged the longer I worked on it and her hips were moving faster and faster.

Kneeling in the tub with the water hitting me wasn't the most comfortable position to be in but, as a testament to Tina's pussy, I would have been content to stay there for a considerably longer period of time. As it was, though, Tina didn't require that much time or stimulation before I felt her trembling as she came and a fresh flow of her juices coated my finger. When she went still and let out a content sigh, I stood and we made out, my cock continuing to try to grow. I started to fondle her tits again, feeling her extremely hard nipples against my palms, then reached for her shower gel and lathered them up. She took some shower gel herself, allowing her ass to get good and lathered up by me in the process, and started to work on lathering up various parts of my anatomy, as well. We got each other squeaky clean as well as completely worked up again, washed each other's hair and rinsed down, then dried each other off and timed our escape from the bathroom.

We managed to make it into the hallway before we ran into anyone and, no surprise, because we were together we were asked by Pete if we'd just showered together. My quick reply was that, yes, it was a new water conservation policy in the dorms and that I'd be showering with him the next morning. That shut him up pretty quickly. Since we reached Tina's room first, by about five steps, we looked around and, finding ourselves alone in the hallway once again, slipped inside together. With the door bolted behind us, we set our toiletry baskets down and were quickly in each other's arms, making out passionately. We worked each other's robes open and they were both soon pooled at our feet as our naked flesh rubbed together. I led Tina over to her bed and had her sit down while I held my cock up and she leaned in to tongue my balls. My cock wasn't quite fully rigid again yet, so she sucked it along with licking my balls, unknowingly positioned perfectly for the camera.

When I was almost completely stiff, I had her lie back and straddled her to fuck her tits. She held them together around my cock while I slowly thrust it in and out, thinking that I would need to spend more time doing that on another occasion. Since I hadn't fucked her yet, though, and was quite anxious to do so, I only fucked her luscious knockers briefly before asking if she had a condom. I climbed off of her as she got up to retrieve one, opening a brand new box and ripping one off the strip to hand to me. I was sitting on the edge of the bed and, once it was rolled down my shaft, had her face away from me and move backwards onto my lap. She reached down and guided my cock into her hot, slippery pussy as she settled down on it then leaned back some and started to ride it. I reached around to fondle her tits before slipping a hand down to gently stroke her clit, which was the reason I gave her for wanting to assume this position. Little did she know that I had her perfectly facing the camera.

I was glad that I'd have the footage to review later, because I couldn't see squat and I could only imagine how her tits were bouncing. I also knew that her legs were spread nice and wide so, not only would I get an incredible view of her bush, but my cock slipping in and out of it would be very clear, as well. As such, I was stimulating her clit using just one finger so as not to cover too much that I'd be interested in seeing later. She had started riding me slowly, but was gradually picking up the pace while getting slightly louder, as well. I could feel her pussy becoming more engorged again and appreciated the fact that she was able to get off so easily when some of the girls I'd been with up to that point in my life had probably never even had an orgasm. I'm a firm believer that because Tina masturbated regularly, she knew her body well enough to know how to get off, either alone or with a partner and that took a lot of pressure off me.

When I felt her body shaking and her moaning was sounding raw with passion, I felt good that I'd been able to make her cum again. Her orgasm felt long and sounded fairly intense and, when it was clear that she'd finally finished cumming, I had her turn to her right and position herself on all-fours on her bed. We were still in the middle of camera range, so I stayed behind her and slowly guided my cock back into her pussy before taking her by the hips and starting to fuck her hard. I was ready to cum myself, so I was sliding the full length of my cock in and out of her snug, slippery, hot pussy while my hips bounced repeatedly off her ass. I didn't reach around to cup her breasts because I wanted footage of them swinging wildly as I fucked her. I just held her hips and admired her ass while I felt my orgasm building.

I decided to just keep fucking her from behind until I came since I was unable on short notice to think of another position that would yield such awesome footage. As I got closer to cumming, I was fucking her harder and faster while she pushed back against each incoming thrust. Finally, with a grunt, I started to spew into the condom and continued to fuck her until I was spent. I got up to get rid of the condom, wrapping it in a tissue and tossing it in her trash, and was pleased to see when I turned back that she was sitting on the edge of her bed facing the camera. I sat beside her and moved her pillow against the wall so we could lean back against it. I liked that, as we talked, her legs were spread and her body basically right in line with the camera.

She didn't suspect that our encounter was anything more than chance and subscribed to the idea then that we must have just been meant to hook up. I was glad that she was into further encounters and agreed that we should try to remain discreet about them. It ended up being pretty rare that either of us would spend the night with the other since we lived right next door and the dorm beds were very narrow, but we'd get together several times a week and, whenever it was in her room, I ended up with some awesome footage. I don't know if she ever realized that I wasn't as apt to get acrobatic when we were screwing in my room, since I wasn't performing for the camera. I did end the year with some fucking incredible footage.

One of my favorite accomplishments was one night when we came back from a party, feeling a little buzzed and, as usual, quite horny. We ended up in her room and I somehow got her kneeling topless directly in front of the camera, sucking my cock. Upon review, the clarity and the lighting were impeccable and her talent was strikingly obvious. Before I came, though, I got her naked and had her bend over, leaning her head on the edge of the sink, and took her from behind. The footage of that encounter showed her swinging tits, her bush and my cock sliding in and out of it, all shot from below. I know I made some gestures that she wasn't aware of that show how aware I was of the camera location. That session ended with her on her knees again while I jerked off onto her tits, then she cleaned herself up with her fingers and tongue. It was a classic. 
