TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c February 2005 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for 
profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal 
use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

STORY CONTENT: Cuckoldry, MMM+/F, MMM+/M, Mdom, Fdom, TV, 
Male Feminization, Mind Control

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE



Father & Son Cuckolds Part 2
By C.D.E.

Before you read this story, please heed the story content 
bar above, as well as the general content caution warnings.  
This story is probably not everyone's cup of tea for a 
cuckold theme.

ABSTRACT: When Victor begins dating the vivacious Vy, he 
had no idea of the path that he and his family would end up 
on, after being introduced to, and then persuaded, then 
manipulated, and then totally controlled by his future in-
laws.  Victor also finds out his mother is not the woman he 
thought she was.  His mom is not only tempted by the lewd 
temptation cast her way by Vy's handsome black stepfather, 
but is willing and eager sexual prey for him.  That leads 
to her aiding Victor's new father-in-law to subjugate not 
only her son, Victor, but his dad as well, in a most 
interesting, but degrading manner.  This story is focused 
on the ordeal of father and son under the manipulation, 
psychological domination, and outright subjugation under 
their wives and their in-laws.  And yes, our favorite 
relationship counselor has a key role in the action here.  
Dr. Judy is very much in evidence after being brought in by 
the cunning Mr. Jones, Vy's step-father.


CAST:
Husband - Victor
Victor's wife - Vy
Vy's Father - Mr. Jones
Vy's Mother - Mrs. Jones
Victor's mother and father

	 
	
((((((( AFTER OUR WEDDING AND MONTHS LATER))))))))))


"Hi hon!  I'm home!"  Vy called out as she entered the 
house.  It was 1030 PM on a Wednesday night.

"Oh hi Mother Smith!  I didn't know you were here.  I 
didn't see your car in the driveway."  Vy said as she spoke 
to mother upon entering the kitchen where we two were 
sitting having a drink.

"Hi Vy dear."  I just walked in the door 10 minutes 
ago."  Mom replied as Vy bent over to where mom was sitting 
and their two lips locked in a not to momentary kiss.  It 
was definitely more than a peck on the lips.

"Nice flavor, how many dicks did you suck on tonight?"  
Mother asked her. 

"Five, but only 3 went all the way and came in my 
mouth.  All five did fuck me though."

"Lucky girl."  Mother replied gleefully to Vy.

After their brief smooch, mother quickly explained 
that two of her fuck buddy studs - Jake and Roy - had 
dropped her off before going to his night shift job and was 
going to come by and pick her in the morning for some more 
fucking.

My dad was at home by himself having to pull his peter 
while mom was out fucking around.  She had however stopped 
by after he got in from work and let him suck her cum 
filled messy twat.  She also said, both Jake and Roy got 
dad to suckle their dicks clean while they ate dinner - 
which dad had cooked.

"Hi honey!  Here give me a big hug and long slow 
kiss."  Vy said as she directed herself towards me.

Even though she had an obvious case of cocksucker's  
breath along with a strong semen fragrance emanating from 
her lips and clothes, it was still good to have my wife in 
my arms, even though she'd been fucked by five men.

I was accustomed to her giving me a long slow 
passionate French kiss after when she was in such a used 
condition.  It appeared that this seemed the only way that 
she could be romantically fervent with me.

With my wrapped around her soft beautiful body, I 
luxuriated and delighted in having her in my arms so 
lovingly, despite that she had let five other men use her 
in wanton ways until they were satiated.

After a while, we broke our long embrace.

"Oh Victor, it's so good coming home to you, a 
faithful loving husband, after a long hard day of working, 
and then being fucked silly afterwards."  

Vy and I had only been married about two months at 
this time, but already her words about being so thrilled to 
come to a "loving faithful husband" even though a bit trite 
still excited me.  I guess that's what love will do to you, 
along with Dr. Judy's guidance.

"Darling, my pussy is so wet and messy from all the 
guys' dicks.  I really need your soothing tongue in me 
after all those rigid rods have had their way with me.  I 
really need you baby.  Here, get on your knees awhile I 
lean against the wall.  Mother Smith excuse me, but I just 
have to get some of my husband's delightful tongue and to 
get him to suck up all this fuck goo the guys have shot off 
in me."

"You go right ahead dear.  I understand.  It's so good 
to see a faithful devoted husband be so affectionate to his 
hard working wife after she's had such a hard day, or 
should I say a day of hard dicks.  Hee! Hee! Hee!"

Mother's derisive pun and chuckle was not unusual, so 
it didn't phase me.  Dr. Judy had long ago gotten me to see 
that such actions by her or others that may seem ridiculing 
were really nothing more than mere expressions of praise of 
my courage of being a cuckold.

I have to give it to Dr. Judy, she really knows how to 
help a guy understand life and himself.  Otherwise, I guess 
I would've felt offended.

As Vy hiked up her dress the slight lingering aroma of 
sex about her became stronger, much stronger.

And I pulled her cum and pussy soaked, sheer skimpy 
panties down, her normally attractive well-trimmed pussy 
attractive bush, was in total disarray.  Her dark bush was 
matted and plastered with both wet and dried jism 
splotches.  There were clumps of cum drops trapped in her 
dense pubic hairs.

It seems every Wednesday is like this for Vy.  The 
guys at her job apparently have a bout of hump day 
horniness and my wife can't ever seem to say no them.

The sight and smell of her in this condition was an 
all too familiar situation for me. This is about the only 
way I get to be near Vy's cunt most of the time.  So I take 
full advantage of these quality periods of time and have 
come to cherish them and doing this for her.  

Soon I was slurping and sucking her gamy smelling, hot 
messy slimy creamy hairpie.

However, despite her appearance, the taste of her 
adulterous hairy sex was as zesty and flavorful as anytime 
before.

Vy's has a beautifully shaped muff.  Her twin pouting 
mounds and shapely bush - which Vy has given me the 
responsibility for trimming - are the cutest things.  Even 
after repeated battered by several large dicks, her gash 
stills has a delectable attractiveness to it despite her 
pussy lips becoming inflamed and her slit remaining 
temporarily agape, that is until her next bout of hard 
fucking.

Again I have to think Dr. Judy for getting me to see 
and understand, that us - Vy and I - when we're like this 
with me kneeling sucking her sex all gooey with other men's 
spend, does constitute acceptable and harmonious conjugal 
sex. 

Dr. Judy further got me to understand, and adapt to 
the fact, that after I suck all the manly deposits from my 
wife's sloppy pussy - as well as get her off a few times in 
the process - it's perfectly normal for Vy not to be 
interested in sex afterwards with me. 

I sort of suspected that was going to be the case this 
night too.

If I had to jack off as a result of her decision not 
to let me have some, then that's just the way it had to be.  
Dr. Judy instilled in me that masturbation was perfectly 
normal for me, as a husband to perform in situations like 
this.

"Victor, you should be proud to suck other men's sperm 
from your wife's pussy and to masturbate afterwards if 
she's not interested in letting you put it in.  By eagerly 
doing this when she tells you something akin to: "I'm sorry 
dear, but I've gotten my jollies. Now leave me along and go 
beat your meat if you need to get yours".  By doing 
yourself, it demonstrates that your wife's happiness is 
foremost in your thoughts and that you are a very unselfish 
husband.  A husband a wife is proud to have as her loving 
caring spouse."

I've always remembered Dr. Judy's words whenever my 
wife has denied me intercourse and directed me to jack off 
instead.

"OH! OH! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!  
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!  SUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKK MEEEEE!"  Vy's loud 
hissing moans filled the room as a gathering orgasm raked 
her beautiful frame.  She also pulled my head to her crotch 
even tighter.  I was use to this. 

My face was pinned tightly to her hairy wet crotch. 
Eventually she released the pressure on my head and I able 
to breath again as she pushed my head back from her 
ravished wet gash.

My face was slick and covered with fuck slime.

I could tell she was quite happy at the pleasure my 
mouth and lips had given her.  My ego was boosted too at 
the rousing climax I'd helped her attain.  Despite the 
presence of other men's cum in her snatch and how it got 
there, Dr. Judy taught me to only dwell on the here and 
now, not the past or future, in giving your wife the sexual 
pleasure she needs at that moment in time.

She needed me the way she wanted me and I had done my 
duty for her.  That's all that mattered and I had performed 
very well, so she told me as she patted me on the head 
after pushing my head away.

Knowing I might not be successful, after all she'd 
shown five men she could handle their big dicks, I gathered 
the courage to ask her some.

"Not tonight honey, my pussy is all tired out after 
five manly, hard-up dicks and then your mouth just now.  Go 
play with yourself. Okay?  Or tell you what, maybe if you 
ask your mom real nice and if she feels like putting up 
with you, maybe she'll give you some."

As Vy finished her words I looked over at mom from 
where I was kneeling, to see if there was the slightest bit 
of interest on her face that she might let me put it her, 
since my wife wasn't interested in helping me satisfy my 
sexual needs.

"Oh Victor, my pussy is a bit sore and tired too, but 
tell you what.  C'mon over here and soothe my choochie with 
your tongue.   I feel some more of Jake's and Roy's cum 
sliding down.  You can jerk off while you're eating me 
out."  Mother said while hiking up her dress and parting 
her legs. She was wearing crotch-less panties and her naked 
bush was clearly exposed.  Her snatch was a mess and in 
total disarray.

Her offer was the best game in the room. So once 
again, I had my head pulled tightly to yet another well 
fucked wet cunt, where other men had used it thoroughly.

And again, my sexual release was to be truly a do-it-
yourself operation.  However, it was sort of special to 
have my head buried in mother's crotch while pulling my 
peter.

END PART 2

