Shelly - A Teen Girls Tail - um- Tale!
From: upaladdr@aol.com (Up A LaddR)
Date: 4 Apr 1997 10:11:35 GMT
--------

Shelly was aware of her sexuality for as long as she could remember. She
loved playing doctor with the neighborhood boys. Her favorite was Paul who
liked to probe her young asshole in the pursuit of medical science - they
were both 8. It was not the boys she liked as much as their eyes on her
and the feeling she was being bad.

At 11 she discovered the joys of masturbation. She also found that if she
flexed her thigh muscles together and squeezed she could give herself a
tiny orgasm. it was not quite as good as the direct approach but she could
do it anywhere - at school, church, movie theater....

At 11 some of her favorite fantasies involved other girls. She never
considered herself a lesbian - she always dreamed about cock but sometimes
the thought of another woman could drive her wild. Shelly did not imagine
any romance with a girl - just straight out fucking.As a rule she did not
have a lot of female friends because they already considered her a little
trampy and she considered them very stupid and frigid. Oddly enough it was
the stuck up snobby girls she thought about the most. Her hatred literally
transferred into horniness. Quite often as she came she thought "Oh God,
please, please let me know what it feels like to fuck another girl!!" as
her clit spasmed against her fingers. When she was 12 she began a sexual
relationship with her cousin Heather.

She never fantasized about guys her age. She liked much older men.At 15
she took to hanging out around the garage when her daddy's friends came
over. Just being around all those guys got her wet and made her
imagination take flight. At first she was scared her dad would figure out
why she was there but as time went on and her desire for a man grew she
began to dress skimpier and act sluttier. When she thought her dad wasn't
looking she would let her legs open a little too wide or bend over and
show her tits off. At first she was tentative but she grew bolder every
night until it was obvious to the men that she was teasing them on
purpose. She saw the bulges start to grow and knew she was the cause and
the best part was here dad did not suspect a thing - hell - all he had
eyes for was the damned car he was always working on. One night as her
dad's friend Ryan was leaving for a two week vacation out of town she
walked up to him and said "Uncle Ryan - mind if I give you a hug goodbye.
I am going to miss you" Ryan smiled benignly but Shelly could see the
sparkle in his eye and she knew he was thinking "Um Hm - Uncle Ryan my ass
- you little tease" What Ryan did say is "Sure, sweetie" As the embraced
she felt her breasts crush against Ryan's chest and felt a tingle between
her legs. He smelled like motor oil and just as she hoped she could feel
his cock pressing against her stomach. It felt so good that she shivered.
It was over way too soon but she knew it was for the best because even
Daddy might catch on.  Her Dad walked Ryan to his pick up truck and said
goodbye.

When he came back in Shelly told her dad she was going to bed while all
the while thinking how horny she was. As her hand reached for the doorknob
that lead into the house her dad spoke.

"Shell?"

"Yeah, Daddy?"

"I am not blind or stupid you know!"

<Oh Shit> "What do  you mean?" <Oh God - please let him not mean that!
Please let it be about me skipping school or slipping the dog food under
the table>

"Shell - I see you dick teasing my friends. I also see them liking it. At
first I wanted to lock you up and rip them all a new asshole but I am
passed that"

"Dad - I have no idea - honest to God - what you are talking about!!
<starting to panic. Humiliated>

"Honey - you are growing up and I see that. I also see that the convent is
completely out of the question <G> Sweetie - you have a woman's body and
it cannot help but feel woman's feelings. I also cannot blame men for
looking at a .... well ... at a girl I would look at myself if I was not
her dad"

"Dad....."

"Shell - I do not blame you and I do not blame them but I WILL do some
blaming if this goes beyond a little dick teasing. You are still
emotionally a little girl no matter what your bra size - if you WORE one
that is! Do you understand me??"

"Dad..." Still embarrassed

"All I need is to know DO YOU UNDERSTAND!"

"Yes"

"Alright - now we will not discuss this with your mother and you can
continue to come here and play your little <smirk> games and I will try to
look the other way. Night sweetie"

"Wait - you WANT me to keep DOING it?"

"Sure - you are having fun and with all the guys hanging around I will
have this piece of shit car rebuilt in no time. Besides as hard as you try
to keep your games a secret they try even harder to keep their hard-ons a
secret - at least from me!! More entertaining then Letterman"

As Shelly got ready for bed her thought were swirling. Shelly was
definatly confused! At 15 she was not prepared to find out her dad KNEW
she was a dick tease and thought it was OK. She would not have even
considered that as possible. Her dad also said he did not blame the guys
for looking and getting hard and there was no way she thought she would
ever hear him say that. And he wanted her to keep doing it! In spite of
herself a thought popped into her brain "Maybe it gets dad a little hot
too!" And again in spite herself she felt her pussy tingle. She felt
herself heading for a familiar road - it was the GET HORNY _ PLAY WITH
MYSELF _FEEL LIKE A SICK SLUT AND BE SURE I AM GOING TO BURN IN HELL FOR
THESE THOUGHTS Road. She tried to deny these feelings but everytime she
thought of her dad thinking her body was hot they came back. 

She walked into the bathroom and locked the door. On the back of the door
was a full length mirror. The only other mirror in the room was the one on
the medicine cabinet. When she was younger <13> Shelly had discovered that
the door was easily removable <it was on a track> She used to get the
mirror down and set it on the floor she would then straddle it or kneel
over it and examine her young pussy. Shelly quickly got undressed as her
daddy's words echoed in her head. She stood in front of the full length
mirror and examined herself. She saw a brunette girl with freckles across
her turned up nose. Green eyes that people always commented on looked back
at her. A pouty lower lip. <a memory of a boy telling her in study hall
that you can tell what a girls pussy lips look like from the ones on her
face> Her breasts were firm and full and had been for some time. Her
nipples were a pretty pink that matched the salmon colored crayon in her
box of Crayolas almost perfectly. Shelly's tummy was almost perfectly flat
except for a little of a little girl curve - the very last traces of baby
fat. Her legs and thigh were shapely and pretty. Her pussy lips were pouty
<Joe knew what he was talking about> and plump with a scattering of
brunette curls covering them. She turned around and looked her sholders.
Her ass was full and curvy <Joe the LIP expert also told her one time that
her ass had "attitude" and as near as she could tell that was a
compliment>All the time she is looking she is hearing her dads words and
thinking "Dad knows that I get horny and that I like to tease men. He
probably knows that I want their big cocks in me sooo bad"

With a shock she realised that her body was almost as good as the girls in
Playboy. <Shelly and her friend Lisa liked to sneak in Lisa's brothers
room and sneak peeks at his magazines. Shelly also wondered if the
pictures got Lisa going like they did her> She now understood why grown
men stared at her and honked their horns at her as she waited for the bus
in her Catholic School uniform. She knew that she like showing off to guys
she was always surprised when they seemed interested. She tended to think
they were looking because "Men are like that" rather then she was anything
sexy. But as she looked she knew for the first time that she really was
HOT and FUCKABLE.

She knew from her experiences with her cousin Heather that her cousin
thought she was sexy and she certainly thought her cousin Heather was hot
as hell but now she felt for the first time that a man would be lucky to
fuck her.

Without thinking about it she removed the medicine cabinet door and placed
it on the floor in front of the other miror. She straddled the mirror and
starting fingering her pussy. The girl in the mirrors eyes widened as she
realised just how wet her pussy was and noticed for the first time that
the juices were beginning to run down her legs. She looked at the mirror
between her legs and watched her fingers, with the pink nail polish,
expertly dive into her horny little pussy. Shelly bit her lip and moaned
as her index finger began to rub her clit. Her left hand began rubbing her
nipples and pinching them gently. The girl in the mirrors was flushed with
horniness and looking like she was born to fuck and be fucked - to give
and receive pleasure.

Shelly thought of all her daddy's friend and imagined them all watching
her right at that moment and had no doubt that they all would sell a piece
of their souls to fuck her. And at that moment she thought it might be
worth apiece of HER soul to have a cock pumping in and out of her! She
imagined herself before them all with her legs spread as wide as she could
get them <and at 15 that is PRETTY wide> and all their eyes glues to her
pretty pink pussy wanting to taste it. She was becoming crazed with desire
as her fingers worked faster and faster.

As she reached the point where morals and conscience desert you and your
real desires come to the surface she realised the the eyes that would turn
her on the most on her pussy, the one she wanted to want her the most was
her DAD!! Deep down, even then, she knew that she would not act on it <at
leat she did not THINK she would> but it felt soooo unbelievable to
imagine her daddy seeing her pussy and wanting to taste it- touch it -
fuck it and her letting him - no- begging him to! She moaned loudly and
came harder then she dreamed possible to by herself.If she would have had
enough presence of mind to look in either mirror she would have saw a
WOMAN with an impression on her face that while one of pleasure could have
doubled for agony. In the mirror between her legs she would have seen a
pretty little pussy contracting around pretty little fingers wearing
pretty pink nail polish and a throbbing clit and pussy juices galore
covering those fingers. The only thing she WAS conscious of was the
incredible feeling in her eager cunt and the beating of her heart and the
sensation that it was never going to end.

After it did end and after she was aware of her surroundings again she
felt shame. Shame that she would have those type of thought about her Dad.
She felt that she would be damned to hell for sure. Then she got ANGRY!
She thought "this is bull shit!!! I did not really fuck my dad. It was
just a thought in my head and a very hot one at that! I am sick of feeling
guilty about messing around with Heather 'cause we both want it.I am sick
of feeling bad because I love getting men hard and I  am sick of feelin
guilty about having nasty little thoughts! Can I help it if I like feeling
good!? God gave me a pussy and an imagination and they are there for
something!" Shelly smiled and promised herself to leave guilt to the
Sisters at her school and to have lots of fun feeling good and helping
others to feel just as good. Some would even say it was a noble calling!!

Hmmm...What could be her first act of charity - no- mercy! She still did
not think that much of boys her own age but maybe if Joe spanked her
little ass it might relieve it of it's "attitude" She did rather doubt it!
One thing she knew was the Joe would be getting a view to answer the
truthfullness of his lip theory Really soon! And daddy's friends would be
getting a similar view shortly after......

