Lucy's Sexting Adventure
by writerforhire

Lucy's Sexting Adventure Pt. 01

Lucy engages in some no strings fun with a stranger.

"God, I miss sexting." Lucy said after more than a few cocktails. She did, it was true. The thrill she had always felt at knowing she was affecting a random guy so much he would show her videos or pictures of his cock was an excitement she couldn't rectify in her current, loving relationship. She was tall with long blonde hair that fell around her shoulders. She was slim with perky double D's and had never had any problem attracting men. Sexting made her feel confident and sexy, almost as if she were the hottest woman on the planet, at least to whatever man she was talking to that day. She loved talking about fantasies, past experiences and seeing a cock that she knew was hard because of what she had said, or a picture she had sent. Making a man cum over her pictures and words was a sense of power that she had never felt anything like in any other aspect of her life.

When she met Alex though, that part of her life was finished. She wouldn't change her relationship, he was, by far, the best thing that had ever happened to her. Kind, handsome and affectionate; she felt as though she had waited her entire life for someone like him to come along. But she did miss the thrill of anonymous, hot fun. She missed how wet her pussy would get when men made requests of her. There were many things she wished she had done before she met Alex, fell in love with him and left that part of her behind. But sexting was what she missed the most.

She had tried to introduce it to their relationship in the early days, but it just wasn't him. He was a simple, straightforward man and, if she was honest, that was one of the things she loved most about him. What she saw was exactly who he was. If she could change one thing about him it would be to make him kinkier, just a little.

"Lucy! Did you really do that?" Jen. The most prudish of all her friends. Lucy was 99% sure Jen had never even fingered herself, never mind filmed it for a stranger. She was mousy and quiet. Her bobbed hair hung to her chin, the color an indeterminable mix of dirty blonde and brown. She would be pretty if she spent a little more time on her appearance.

"Yes, it's liberating." All the rest of her friends, surprisingly, agreed with her. They talked for a while about how hot it can be to talk to a stranger or do things you would never dream of in a relationship.

"It's like you can be a whole different version of yourself, let all your kinks come out without judgement." Lucy always knew Melissa and she thought alike but this was almost word for word why she enjoyed it so much. Mel was the most beautiful girl Lucy had ever seen. She had a perfect hourglass figure, legs for days. Her sleek, dark hair reached the middle of her back. Lucy often thought that if she were to ever persuade Alex to have a threesome it would be with Mel. She exuded sexiness with every action. She made a mental note to talk to Mel a little later alone, her advice would be the most useful. She had been wild when they were younger but had been happily settled down for years now. If anyone knew how to cope with the urges, she was having it would be Mel. After what felt like an eternity Mel decided to go to the bar for another drink and Lucy quickly grabbed her chance and follow.

"Hey, Mel, wait up!" Lucy linked her arm with Mel's as they walked to the bar. The smell of Mel's perfume was sweet and filled Lucy's nose.

"So, about what we were discussing earlier?" Lucy smiled at Mel. It was as if Mel read her thoughts, was able to pinpoint exactly what is going through her best friend's head.

"Sure, what's up?" Lucy decided to let Mel lead this conversation. She knew she could direct or divert it to sexting and how to cope with wanting it so badly in a relationship if she has to. But she also knew that Mel was on her wavelength and has probably picked up on what is bothering Lucy. They had been friends more than half their lives and had an almost unspoken knack of knowing when something was really bothering the other.

"It seems like this sexting thing is really getting to you. Is there no way Alex is gonna come around?" Mel rubbed Lucy's shoulder as she spoke, a subtle but much needed comfort.

"No, I can't even get him to do anything more than the two positions he is comfortable with. I've suggested it loads of times and he just completely shut down." Lucy wished this were different. She would give anything to make him into a kinkier version of the man she loves.

"Well, look, if you miss it, I think there's no harm in indulging. It's basically assisted masturbation. I've been with Jack for years and I love him, but some itches he can't scratch." She winked, before turning toward the bartender and places their drink order.

"I just worry that if Alex found out he would be devastated. I don't want to do anything to hurt him and it feels a bit too much like cheating to me." This was, and always had been, the only thing that had held her back until now. The thought of hurting sweet, kind, loving Alex was something she wasn't sure she was willing to risk.

"Can it really be cheating if you don't even know who the person is?" Good point, Lucy thought. Surely it would be impossible to form an emotional attachment to someone you'd never met, whose name you didn't know.

"I guess not." She really did feel like Mel was making perfect sense, that it would not, technically, be cheating, not at this moment anyway when all that exists is a vague notion of chatting to some random stranger. Later, she might change her mind but with a few drinks and the encouragement of her best friend she was too buzzed and excited at the prospect of someone thinking the same way she did.

"Do it, even just one more time, for old times' sake if you feel too guilty afterward. But get it out your system. You don't want to resent Alex or end up taking your frustrations out on him." This was it. The final point that truly convinced Lucy. In this moment she did not doubt for a second that taking her frustration out on Alex, or blaming him for not satisfying her would hurt Alex more than her sexting and him never even finding out about it.

"I think you're right. Alex never needs to know." And I can cum. I can do all the dirty, kinky things he hated.

"I've got the perfect person. I'll give him your number, tell him to message and then you won't even know who it is, or anything about them so it can't possibly be cheating." Lucy nodded. She was eager for this to happen now and wanted to ask some questions of Mel but thought better of it. Best to stick to plausible deniability if she needed to. She had to admit though, her slit grew moist as she smiled in anticipation.

The rest of the night passed in a blaze of drinking and dancing and when she arrived home a little after midnight, she was happy and more that tipsy. She was glad then that Alex hadn't moved in, she would absolutely embarrass herself with the level of drunk she was. She sat on the edge of her bed and began to take off her shoes when her phone buzzed.

"Mel gave me your number. Up for some fun?"

Her breath caught in her throat as her pussy grew wet looking at the text. Mel sure works fast she thought as she smiled to herself.

"Fuck yes. Let's do this." She shook as she typed those words. There was no going back after that text. She paced the length of her bedroom as she waited for a reply, gently biting her lower lip as her anticipation grew. The next message brought a massive grin to her face; a picture of a well-toned six-pack and a slight hint of a bulge at the very bottom of the picture, covered by tight white boxer briefs.

"Your turn." Simple. To the point. And just forceful enough that she can't resist. She stripped off the dress and stretched out on her bed in a black lacy bra and panty set. Nothing fancy, but just sexy enough that she hoped it would still draw nice reaction from the horny stranger on the other end of the phone. She snapped a picture cupping her left breast, her legs involuntarily falling slightly apart and being careful to hide her face just out of the frame of the picture.

"So, fucking hot. Tell me what you like." She hoped her photo made him hard as she knelt on the bed to caress her big tits with her free hand.

"I like being told what to do. I want to be a good little slut for you."

"Anything off limits?"

"Piss, shit, and pain." She hoped he would push her to her limits, that he would be kinkier that even she could hope for and ask her to do things she had never even considered before.

"You're so fucking sexy. This is going to be fun. Get your tits out. Show them to me." She unclasped her bra and did as she was told. Her little pink nipples are solid peaks on the milky swell of her breasts. She stroked each one in turn, pinching, caressing, and circling them. He replied with a picture of the biggest cock she has ever seen. It's at least 10 inches and as thick as a soda can. He slit was soaking now, growing slicker and slicker as she imagines running her tongue over the ridges of veins.

The enormity filled her with a mix of excitement and trepidation. She had never taken a cock that big, and she was tight, very tight in fact. So much so that Alex, with his humble 6 inches always used extra lube as he slipped into her. That monster would hurt. But she supposed it didn't really matter, this was all anonymous and over text. She would never have to actually grit her teeth as that behemoth speared her and split her tightness in two.

She fought to resist stroking her clit as she imagined how the swollen, red head would feel parting her pussy lips. God, he would stretch her tight pussy so much. She loved Alex, but he as on the small side of average and just about as much as she could ever take.

"I want that in my cunt so bad." She knew this might be pushing it too far wondered if she might be leading the stranger on now but it's true. In her current drunken state, she thinks she would let him destroy her pussy with little to no persuasion. And he would absolutely destroy her tight slit.

"You'd love it. Let me see that pretty cunt." She slid her panties down and smiled at the trail of wetness stuck to the crotch. She spread her legs and took a photo that perfectly showed how wet she was. The lips of her tight, pink hole glistened with her desire. She sent it and bit on her finger to stop from sliding it inside herself.

She had missed this so much, more than she even realized. Many of her best sexual experiences had come from plans and chats during sexting sessions.

"You're so wet for me already. I want a video of you rubbing that little clit." She gladly obliged, relieved to be touching herself finally. She held the phone steady as she teased her clit, rubbing circles on it with one finger.

"Fuck, you're so sexy. Get two fingers in that cunt. Slow, spread your lips and let me see you open." She stopped rubbing her clit and began another video. She slid two fingers up and down her slit, spreading the lips wide on each upward stroke. She did this several times before sinking two fingers inside herself. With the fingers still inside she opened them, spreading her pussy for his viewing pleasure again. She moaned as the tight, silky walls enclosed her probing fingers. She moved them in and out for about a minute before stopping the recording and sending it on to the stranger.

He responded with a video of him slowly stroking his cock, deep moans of pleasure in the background.

"Toys?" She sent a picture of several dildos, vibrators, and anal plugs.

"Mm anal fan I see. 😉"

"I love having my ass filled. My biggest fantasy is a MMF with dp." This was true. Several years ago she had planned a session with her favorite friend with benefits but then had met Alex and fallen head over heels for him. He wouldn't even consider the concept of fucking her ass, never mind a threesome. She had asked several times for him to plug her ass, but he was quite firmly against it.

"Why have you never done it?" She explained this to him, told him that it's one of her only regrets about being in a long-term relationship, that and never getting to play out a non-consensual fantasy she has always had.

"Fuck, that sucks. I'm sorry."

"Thanks. I wish I had been a bit braver pursuing thing before I met him, but it is what it is." This was getting deeper than she had intended and bordering more on an actual connection.

"Want me to use some of those toys?" Bring it back to the topic, she told herself, stay away from anything too personal.

"Get the big one in your tight pussy. I want to see it go in. Fuck yourself for me."

She gladly obliged. She usually has to build up to this toy, and, even then, she needed lube to enjoy it, but she was so wet, so hot for this stranger that it slid inside her with little resistance. She felt so full and good as she fucked her cunt hard with it grunting and moaning as the wet, sloppy noises grew louder with every penetrating thrust.

"You're gonna make me cum. You're so fucking wet. I want to see you fill your ass first though. Get the medium plug nice and wet in your cunt then stick it in." She did exactly as he asked, crying out in pleasure.

"All fours, fuck your cunt til you cum with that plug in." She did it. She felt amazing, more confident than she had in months. Her pussy was slopping wet and when she came her thighs were soaked. Her pussy contracted hard around the toy and the extra sensation of having her ass plugged at the same time sent her into utter bliss.

He responded by showing her his cock shooting thick jets of cum all over his stomach.

"Fuck that was so hot Lucy." Had she told him her name? She didn't think so. Maybe Mel had though.

"Thanks, I needed that." She was in a state of pure bliss, lying on her back, both toys still inside her.

"Tell me more about your non-con fantasy. Would you combine it with the DP?"

"So, in my fantasy someone, or two guys, break into my flat and tie me up. The make me suck them both and then one guy starts fucking my pussy. The call me names, slap me, maybe spit on me even. They take turns in my pussy then the first guy will want to use my ass, I find the thought of him fucking it raw and just with my pussy juice and spit as lube really hot. The other guy will take a turn on my ass too, but I'll be sucking whichever isn't in me. Then they will decide to use both my holes at the same time. They'll be so rough it will almost hurt but even though I'm protesting I'll be so wet that it's obvious I'm really enjoying it. I think then I would want them to both go in my pussy and then cum in it."

"Do you really wish you had got to do that before you met your BF?"

"Yeah, I do."

"I'm really sorry you never got to do that. I'm so glad Mel gave me your number. This has been a lot of fun. Can I text again?"

"Sure." She instantly regretted saying yes. What if he were to text when Alex was there? She could just ignore it she supposed. And delete all the previous messages. Yes, that's what she would do. She hoped he would know to be discreet anyway, she had made it clear she had a boyfriend, and this was just a bit of fun. But she really did hope he would text again. She could see herself enjoying where this was going.

