I. 

It was a seedy bar on the Westside of the city. Tucked away in a shaded corner of the street and accentuated by a sign with lights that had burned out two decades before. The whine of the jukebox could be heard before Spock’s hand greeted the rusty door knob. The atmosphere was not what he was accustomed to in his years as the beloved son of an esteemed citizen and politician. However, it was just what he needed. The tattered fibers of the carpet stuck to the soles of his shoes, an unpleasant sound was released as his bottom slid across the vinyl stool at the bar, and the air was laden with smoke despite the long – standing ordinance that prohibited smoking in public places. He continued to nurse the drink that had morphed from the rich color of amber to a shade vaguely reminiscent of piss.

Strangely, Spock felt at peace in the dilapidated establishment. There was comfort in battered wood beneath his fingers; understanding in the melancholy tune that drifted from the speakers. It was a momentary pardon from the angry voice of his father Sarek. The same voice that had called him a disgrace, threatened to disown him, and destroyed any potential for future happiness if the young man insisted on conducting himself in such a degrading manner. This from the same man of integrity, who had buried the knowledge of a bastard child and countless mistresses; it was hypocrisy. 

“Faggot.” The word had been laced with arsenic when Sarek spoke. Spock’s mother avoided certain tragedy when she pushed the young man out the door and away from his father’s wrath. He blamed the bar’s stench and not his emotions for the burning sensation behind his lids.

Considering the lack of charm, it was no wonder that the place was practically empty. One bartender assigned to serve all of three customers including Spock; one indigent hiding from the winter’s air while sipping water from a dirty glass, a woman in worn stockings accentuated by broken stilettos, and then a sandy haired man entered the bar. 

Spock couldn’t help but stare.

The man breezed past the bar, threw a handful of peanuts in his mouth, nodded in the direction of the highest shelf and took his seat just as the glass touched the napkin. His jeans were faded and worn with strategic holes in varying spots on the denim. The boots on his feet were Italian made and expensive. They matched the jacket that covered the stool next to where the man was seated.

Spock followed the line of the new arrival’s jaw and studied the apple in his throat as it bobbed up and down as he chewed and swallowed. The man was cocky and confident. There was no deficit in his pride. The stranger felt Spock’s eyes on him; he rolled his head to the left, and followed up his smile with a wink. Immediately, control shifted to the subject’s hands and Spock felt his neck, face, and ears flush with heat.

As his father’s words of disgust repeated constantly in his head, Spock returned his attention to the drink before him. He declined the bartender’s offer for another. There was no reason for him to enter the bar and definitely no excuse to remain. His eyes floated to the right responding to the passing thought and he swallowed his growing curiosity. Spock pushed the still full glass of watered down liquor away and dropped a few bills on the bar. A synthesized up beat filled the air and he found he could identify with the lyrics of the song. He was tired of being what everyone else wanted. The pressure of walking in his father’s shoes had become too much. His mistakes were countless and he was numb. Maybe it was time to be true to Spock.

His eyes lingered on the figure a few feet away and a nervous flutter settled in the pit of his stomach.

Spock didn’t notice the men who entered the door as he began to walk towards the subject in his gaze. He was completely captivated by the disarming smile of the man with the ice blue eyes. With only a glance Spock knew that the man had read his story. Before names could be exchanged, chaos ensued.

There were voices raised in anger.

And still the smile remained on Spock’s stranger’s face, even as a bottle sliced into the smooth skin of the golden boy’s cheek.

The rounds fired from the bartender’s gun quickly brought an end to the barroom brawl. The assailants ran and Spock found himself standing above his object of interest. Without hesitation he pulled him from the darkness of the bar into the glaring brightness of the sun. Spock collapsed next to the man on the sidewalk, perplexed by the laughter that escaped his injured lips. He was gorgeous despite the blood that pooled at the corner of his mouth and the gash just below his eye.

“Hello stranger.” He murmured before passing out in Spock’s arms.

***

“Remember how we met?”

Spock was unsure if it was a game or Jim’s way of confirming that he reciprocated his feelings. It had been three years since their initial encounter in the bar. Three years since Spock had accepted who he was in spite of his father’s objections. There were no doubts with Jim. Just moments of intensity; some filled with joy and others with pain. It was their life - together.

Jim was a child, Spock the adult.

Jim acted without thinking, Spock picked up the pieces.

“Yes James, you delivered an audacious pick up line after getting your ass kicked by a gang of ruffians.”

And that was the day, time, and place their story began. Spock had hailed a cab, lifted and balanced Jim’s body against his and piled him into the backseat once he had hauled both their frames from point A to point B. The two rode in silence to the emergency room. Jim wavered between coherent and incomprehensible. His head bobbed before it finally landed on Spock’s shoulder. Regardless of the intensity of the driver’s stare, Spock brushed the tips of his fingers over the man’s fluttering lashes.

He had ignored the constant vibration of his cell phone as his father called in attempt to ascertain his whereabouts. The almighty Sarek could run his own office for a day. Unfortunately, Spock folded after the third call and excused himself from his nameless companion to phone his father. It was midnight before they left the hospital. With nowhere to go, Jim tagged along, forging his place in Spock’s life.

“I said hello and you were a stranger. There were no pickup lines involved.” Jim threaded his fingers through the hair at the nape of Spock’s neck. His lips soon followed suit.

Spock’s movements stilled and his breath hitched with the slightest touch. Jim always had this effect on him. He was incapable of seeing an idea to fruition with the man around. He was consumed by his presence – committed to his well being – determined to minimize his pain. At times Spock found the weight of the burden to love Jim Kirk more than he could stand to bear.

“Get dressed, we are expected at seven.” Spock shirked from Jim’s touch and walked into the bedroom. He kept his back turned to the other man as he buttoned his shirt and arranged his tie. He heard the sigh that left Jim’s lips and the unspoken concerns that resided just below the surface of his tongue that would fail to be addressed. They both ignored the growing tension between them. When Spock faced Jim he knew the man’s face would hold that luminous smile but the light never reached his eyes.

***

The two men wandered into Sarek’s home separately. The elder preferred that his son’s life remain personal. Tonight’s intimate dinner was a thank you to colleagues and lobbyists who had supported the man’s most recently introduced bill. It was of no benefit to Sarek’s political aspirations to have it widely publicized that his son was involved in a relationship that went against every conservative belief he preached from podium of the nation’s capital. Spock and Jim were roommates – close friends, but nothing more in the public’s eye. Denial was Sarek’s method of dealing with his son’s life. 

Spock bypassed his father and the small crowd that cowered at his feet. His eyes locked on his mother Amanda and the woman who had her ear. He held his breath. She was stunning. Her body was lean yet curvaceous, a fact that was so obvious even the blind could see it thanks to knitted dress she wore like a second skin. Silky black curls cascaded down her back and his fingers yearned to touch them. His mother’s laughter interrupted his thought process and for the first time he noticed their entire conversation was conducted in French. The woman’s accent was flawless. Her voice was melodic and soothing to his ears. He drew closer to the two women, quietly watching as they continued their discussion. 

Mother finally acknowledged son. Two hands grasped his face and willingly, he bent accepting the kiss his mother offered. 

“Miss Uhura.” Amanda paused, “It is Miss, I’m sorry, I didn’t bother to ask.” 

The woman laughed – a deep alto bravado filled the air around them. She checked her finger and after a beat responded, “Yes it is Miss.” 

“Foolish men to let you remain single,” Amanda stepped back freeing the space between her son and new friend, “This is my son Spock.” 

“It is a pleasure to meet you, Miss Uhura.” He bowed gracefully with a slight smirk playing about his lips. 

“You can call me Nyota.” Her eyes were heavy with kohl liner, deep dark pools of brown, which were alert and full of curiosity as they cataloged every line of his face. He stood patiently and allowed her perusal. 

It took some time for them to notice that Amanda was no longer present. 

“You’re quite an accomplished scholar and lecturer for your age. It’s extremely impressive.” Nyota shifted her weight and raised her glass to her lips but she didn’t drink. “I enjoyed the article you contributed to the latest volume of Out.” 

Spock gradually lifted his brows. 

“Don’t do that it makes you look smug.” She sipped her wine slow and methodically. 

“I must inquire why you would think I would author such a piece.” 

“Your penname, AFavoredSon, I possess significant skills of deduction, and I know the creative director.” She winked and the gesture was familiar and welcomed. “Don’t worry your secret’s safe with me.” 

“Did you enjoy it? The article, I mean” Spock’s voice shook with uncertainty. He felt the familiar heat of blood as it rose from his neck and began to burn the outer ridges of his ears. 

“It was gritty, raw, transparent, and extremely emotional. Not what I expected from you.” Nyota swallowed the rest of her wine in a single gulp, her eyes stretched with the realization that he had misread her intent, “Please don’t take that as a backhanded compliment, but you’ve just been described as emotionally distant, almost robotic. It was a surprising read.” A mischievous glint rested in her eyes, “I should personally thank your muse for his inspiration.” 

The conversation ended as she backed away from where he stood. Spock followed the rhythm of Nyota’s heels on the mahogany floor as she retreated from the room. 

***

Later that evening while his mother shared an entire apple pie with Jim, Spock found Nyota among the rows of leather bound first editions in his father’s office. She fingered the embossed gold lettering on the bindings; carefully plucking copies before she brought the pages to her nose and sniffed. Her eyes closed in delight and he could hear the faint whisper of her voice as she read the time – stained lines. He hated to end her fun, but he’d spent the entire dinner watching horny old men vie for her attention. Now he had her to himself.

Spock cleared his throat.

Nyota startled, spun on her heel, and the book flew from her hand. Spock caught it and he couldn’t help but laugh. It was a rarity. So was she.

“You are… beautiful.”

His words surprised him and based on her stance, he was sure she was taken a back by his boldness. Three years ago he would have never been this forward. Not until he met Jim. Guilt bloomed in his belly and he realized that he had no right. It was too late. She was close enough for him to smell the fragrance that lingered on her skin. Orange blossoms she smelt like orange blossoms.

Her mouth opened and she began to form words with her lips but there was no sound. His hand cupped her cheek and the question sprung from her tongue.

“Is Jim your article’s muse?”

Spock’s hand fell to his side. “Yes.”

Nyota bit her nail, “And what does he think about you sharing so many intimate details about his life?”

The sound of riotous laughter caught their attention, “In case you have failed to notice, Jim enjoys being the center of attention.” That comment only netted him a half grin from Nyota. She turned, eyes trained on another shelf filled with books. It occurred to Spock that he knew nothing about her, only a name, that she was bilingual, and read Out on a regular basis.

“So Miss Uhura, do you always read anonymously penned articles in publications like Out, and try to ascertain the identity of their authors?” Her hand hovered above the shelved books. She turned and took a few steps toward Spock.

“If that is your way of inquiring about my sexuality…” She lowered her voice and erased the millimeter of space between them. Nyota lifted her head and met the intensity in Spock’s eyes, “Don’t.”

Spock made the first move. He only tilted his head forward and their lips brushed. Her mouth was a bouquet of bitter fruit. He tasted her with lips and hands. He gathered her body in his arms and she melted against him. When she tried to pull away he deepened the kiss, forcing her to receive more of him, stilling his attack only to deliver chaste moments of affection to her jaw, nose, and brow. He nibbled at the base of her neck and she giggled.

Finally Nyota gained control of the situation, stepping back as her eyes traveled across his face, “Do you live with Jim? Are you together?”

He didn’t have to answer; the look on his face said it all. He mourned the loss of her from his arms.

“Bastard.”

It wasn’t the word that pained Spock, watching her newly formed opinion of him shift right before his eyes bothered him more than anything.

He was desperate to stop the negativity from permanently poisoning her. “You have ruined my life.” Maybe he overreacted…it was true.

“You’ll get over it.” Nyota stormed past Jim as she fled the office.

***

Jim had kissed him almost immediately upon entering Sarek’s sanctum. Spock didn’t respond to the action directly. His mind was elsewhere. Around the corner and down the hall with the long legged woman who’d tired of his indecision during their first meeting. Nyota’s scent was still heavy in the air. She made it impossible for him to focus his attention on anything other than their poorly timed encounter. The taste of Nyota’s lips lingered on his and it was a bitter and unwelcomed contrast to Jim’s. Spock tried to pull away, urging the other man to listen. Their actions were careless. He didn’t want to risk his father’s wrath.

His argument was full of hypocritical bullshit; after all he was his father’s son.

Less than five minutes before he had freely shared an intimate kiss with a woman he’d barely known. A female who’d arrested him with her smile and easy banter. He would see her again, but at what cost.

For the time, Spock left his parents for the evening. Arms linked with the man who had awakened his spirit. They shared a cab to the loft they called home. A wall of silence erected between them as they shed suits, ties, and cufflinks. Spock pretended to check emails, texts, and voicemails while Jim showered. Their roles reversed and no further mention of the night’s events made. Still with their tongues held hostage by fear and anger they slipped under the covers and fought to find peace.

Jim’s voice broke through the darkness surrounding them. “I’m waiting for you to leave me.”

Spock’s heart broke once he heard Jim’s confession. He was immediately convicted. He reached for him, pulling Jim against his chest and kissed the damp hair covering the crown of the man’s head. Spock didn’t fight when Jim stretched his neck for a kiss. He even offered a moan in response to the hands that traveled under his t-shirt and found his nipples. He yielded to his partner’s affectionate aggression. He growled when wet lips met the small of his back. A whimper the only answer he had for Jim’s hands and the questions they mapped on the erection between his legs. There was fury and passion in their love making. Dirty words spoken amidst lovers and when it ended uncertainty remained.

“I will always be here for you Jim.”

Spock wasn’t sure if the words were consolation he offered to himself or his lover. They fooled no one.

“Beautiful lies from a beautiful mouth.”

Jim planted a final kiss on Spock’s lips before he returned to his side of the bed and drifted into a fitful sleep.