Hi friends today I am going to narrate you a story which happened with me six months back with my own bhabhi. I live in pondicherry with my bhaiya bhabhi on first floor. My name is Raj 23 years old 5.5' and very handsome guy. I live with my brother ramesh 33and my bhabhi Rekha 28years old having a very good figure 38-28-36 very long hairs below her butts 5.4and always wear sarree at home. Bhaiya is a employee in private mnc company and is very busy. He travel a lot and come home night and totally drunk. They had an arrange marriage 4 years back and have no issues till date.

This incident happened in may 2006 when during chat I met a lady from Bangalore. I was new to chat that time and the lady whom I was talking to was married and was 38 years old. She was very impressed with me by seeing my photograph. She was willing to have sex with me but due to the distance it was hardly possible for me to have sex with her. She called me a lot of times on my cell when it was not possible for me to come online. Once she called me up and my bhabhi picked up the phone as I was busy having bath. She talked to her and gave me her message. When I came out of bath I called her and she asked me to come online. 

When I went online she asked me to show my bhabhi's pic to her which I did. Well I would give all the credit to that lady who arranged sex for me with my own bhabhi. She was very impressed to see my bhabhi and asked me that did I ever thought to have sex with her? I was silent then coz I really didn't knew what the answer was. I gave her all the details of my family and my bhabhi. She asked me to confirm that what's in my bhabhi's mind as she is a unsatisfied lady.

She told me to go and sleep in bhabhi's room in the afternoon when she is making lunch. She told me to wear trousers with zip open and to keep it hard rock facing roof and keep hands on my head just to confirm her that I was asleep. Now she gave me an idea and the rest I did

Bhabhi was busy making food in kitchen she was looking very sexy in red sarree. I went to the kitchen and told bhabhi that I was sleeping in your bedroom as I am not well having pain in my whole body and asked her to wake me for lunch in half hour. I went to her bedroom and lied there on her bed and try to behave like I am fast asleep. I had no underwear below my trousers. I was willing to go to bathroom and piss but I didn't as I knew that under pressure my cock can be harder. I thought of my bhabhi with closed eyes and tried to make my cock bigger by stressing it. Within seconds it became rock hard. I would like to tell all of you guys that I have a very fat cock 7" long.

While I was trying to be asleep I heard sounds of bangles in room. I slightly opened my eyes and saw my bhabhi searching something in almirah. My heart started beating. She turned around and saw my dick standing rock hard. She kept on watching it with her eyes wide open and sat there on sofa. As the sofa is with the bed so I could not view that what my bhabhi was doing. After some time she left the room. She did not even dared to wake me up maybe she was afraid.

After some time I stood up and went to the kitchen. Before that I went to the loo to release my pressure which was already unbearable for me. I asked bhabhi for food she gave me and went to her room and told me that she is sleeping and bolted the door.

In the evening bhaiya came from office at 10. As usual he was drunk. He abused bhabhi in front of me and went to sleep. My mind was very eager to get my bhabhi tonight. I asked bhabhi that I am getting headache and if she can massage my head. She accepted and told me to go in my room and she will bring hot oil for massage.

I went to my room and within minutes bhabhi came with a bowl in her hand with oil. I was lying on bed so she told me to sit down which I refused and told her to apply it on bed. She came and sat on bed and told me to put my head on her legs which I did. While applying oil the paloo of her sarree fell on my head and it got drenched in oil. I said sorry bhabhi please remove your sarree otherwise it will spoil. She obeyed and removed her sarree. My cock started standing on viewing big boobs of my bhabhi over my head. The sound of her bangles her hairs were making me too hot. She was massaging me very well and suddenly I noticed that my bhabhi's petticoat was also wet with oil.

I said oh shits bhabhi see your petticoat is also spoiled now. I told her to remove her petticoat and she refused. I hold her hands and said sorry to her on behalf of my brother. She broke within seconds and was crying very heavily. I held her and wiped her tears and told her to remove her petticoat and put it in water so that the sarree and petticoat shall be saved with stains. I locked the door and assured her that bhaiya is fast asleep. I told her that I want to talk to her tonight about the relation of her and bhaiya.

She obeyed and removed her petticoat and sat on the bed and told me to apply oil first. My god half nude bhabhi in front of me. Massaging me. I stopped her and stood up with my bulge facing her. I told her to let me remove her blouse otherwise it would also get spoiled which she accepted. I opened the hooks and removed her blouse. Wow such a big boobs fighting to tear off the bra. I could not control myself and told her bhabhi if you don't mind I would like to massage you as you did a lot for our family so I want to repay you.

She told me ok but first I have to take bath. I told her ok and told her to have bath in my bathroom. She went inside the bathroom and I knocked the door. She was standing still there with her bra and panty on.... I told bhabhi I want to scrub you first from back as it would help in a good massage. First she refused and after a lot of requests from my side she told me to come inside the bathroom.

I told her to lay in the bath tub and she obeyed me and told to remove my clothes as it would become wet then. I obeyed and removed my clothes. Only in underwear standing in front of bhabhi. I went inside the bathtub and started to splash water on my bhabhi. I told her to remove bra for which she refused. Then a idea stuck in my mind. I told bhabhi to be in doggy style inside the tub so that I could scrub her back. I got the opportunity to open her bra now. Her long hairs and her bra strap were making my dick too hard now to tear my underwear. I started scrubbing bhabhi's back with scrub cream and side by side moving hands on her waist. My cock was pushing her ass to hard now. Then I unhooked her bra now and saw her total nude back without bra strings. It was and it is a lovely back. My bhabhi started moaning and I heard sounds and felt wetness down there her panties. I held my bhabhi now and made her sit in the tub. She was holding her bra with one hand. I hold the other hand of bhabhi and asked her bhabhi want to feel your devar now? And took her hand inside my underwear. Electric current went through her body which toughing my cock and her face was deep red till then. My gosh she then started playing with my cock and by that time I was out of control I removed my underwear and showed my bhabhi the perfect Qutab Minar for a loose pussy. She was really shocked to see my rod and removed hands from her bra which fell down and here my bhabhi came total nude in front of me.

She told me that we should not do this but by force I sucked her breast and moved hands over her waist and belly. By that time she was too hot and ready to be submitted to her devar. I asked her bhabhi do u want to taste your devar. Within seconds she took my rod inside her mouth and started sucking it and side by side moving hands on my balls ahhhhhhhhh what that feeling was after sucking about 15 minutes I became too hot to fuck her. I pushed her back in the tub and placed my rod on her pussy. She stopped me as she was afraid that my thick rod could tear her pussy. She requested me to do it slowly for which I refused and pushed my dick inside her. I thought her pussy is too tight but after some time she told me that she had seen such a thick and huge cock the first time. She told me that she had sex with 9 guys before her marriage and no one had such a cock. I was really shocked to hear this that my own bhabhi had sex with nine guys. Well finally I tried to push me cock inside. It was going but it was too hard for me too. She was screaming and I got afraid that bhaiya would wake up. I told her to keep silent but she refused as she was getting wild pain in her pussy. I placed my lips on her's and locked her mouth with my lips and had a kiss and fuck session for about 30 minutes. After that she came and stopped me and laid in the tub holding me tight to her body for the next 30 minutes. It was too difficult for me to stay like this as my penis was still hard and waiting to cum.

Then I told my bhabhi that I haven't cum as yet. As usual she was also shocked to her this. I told her to be in doggy style for which she accepted. I pushed my hard cock inside her pussy from behind. It was easy now. This was the first time when my whole cock was inside her pussy. She was still screaming in pain but I had no other option to make her silent. I grabbed her boobs from back and made my motion faster and faster. This continued for next around 40 minutes and we came along.

I was really exhausted because I had cum after about 1  hours of fuck. After that we went to my room and had another session and this time I lasted in about 2 hours and tried different position. I tried to get her ass once but it was too difficult for her to bear it and I didn't wanted to force her. We slept on each other till 4 o clock in the morning and after that my bhabhi wore her sarree and went to her room and slept with bhaiya. The next morning when bhaiya had gone then we had a lot of sessions during the day. We dropped the plan of fuck in the night as it was too risky. This continued for about 3 months and after that I got a good news from my bhabhi that she is pregnant and that evening I got a bad news too that my brother is transferred to Chennai and will leave within a month. Well we had sex a lot of times during her pregnancy as it was very difficult for her to control and it was the same for me

After that the saddest part of the story is that she left with bhaiya for Chennai leaving me alone here. She had called me a lot of times till now but as all of you know calls can't satisfy physical urge and I am also not that kind of guy who will force her to come to Pondicherry
Still alone now any girl's ladies and aunties want to enjoy secret and pleasurable sex with me can mail me at rose_4u_4all@yahoo.co.in

and I assure you the best fuck of your life with me in winters. 

Hey guys I would like to tell you one thing today please don't abuse your partner in these stories and please don't call them a **** because we people are Indian and should never forget our sanskar's. I think it's ok if you are having sex with mature ladies because you are satisfying a unsatisfied soul but abusing your relatives or teachers or elders is not good. I think females should carry on sex with young guys instead of call guys because it's safe to do so and I am sorry if I hurted anyone of you in this story. Pls reply 