They pushed beyond the boundaries of the estate and parallel to the road as far as Holmes could go before he collapsed. Lestrade and Watson nearly dragged him to sit slumped against a tree trunk, safely hidden from the road. Watson didn't dare stop any carriages for help, for fear of alerting their captors. Instead he dug through Holmes' pockets, careful to announce his intent clearly before each new intrusion, until he found the lock picks. Once Lestrade was unbound, Watson tugged him to sit closer to Holmes, who leaned against him gratefully, head sinking onto his shoulder. Lestrade shot him a questioning look.

"I'll be back with help soon," Watson said. Holmes jerked his head up, looking panicked as he reached for him desperately with one swollen, misshapen hand. Watson gripped his wrist before he could do more damage. He knelt to look him in the eye, hoping to reassure him. "I will be back," he said firmly. Holmes stared at him for a long moment. Watson held his gaze, determined, trying to will his friend to relax. Finally, Holmes' eyes softened slightly, and Lestrade slid an arm around his shoulder and gently encouraged him to lay his head back down. Holmes' eyes slid closed and Watson let out the breath he'd been holding. He and Lestrade exchanged one last apprehensive look, then he was off, headed for town.

It took far too long for the local police to round up carriages. It was dark by time they were jostling down the small country road. Watson shifted in his seat, ignoring the irritated looks the officers shot him every time he grumbled impatiently. All he could think of was Holmes, broken and bleeding crouched on the side of the road. Had he finally fallen unconscious? He hoped he had. He hoped Lestrade still had the strength in him to fight, if needed. How far had they run? Had it been enough? God, what if he'd left them both to die?

The thicket of trees was fast approaching, and he called their attention to it louder than necessary. He jumped from the still moving carriage and ran through the underbrush, swinging around the patch of trees to see -

Nothing.

Chest heaving, he started to look around when cool steel pressed to his temple. Fear and anger surged through him, adrenaline tightening every muscle in his body. His captor stepped closer, then a rush of air was exhaled against the side of his face.

"God, it's you," a choked voice said. The gun withdrew, and he turned to see Lestrade looking weary in the moonlight, gun held loosely at his side. Holmes slumped against a tree behind him, eyes wide.

Relief flooded through him so suddenly he felt tears spring to his eyes. He pulled a startled Lestrade into a one armed hug; Lestrade gave only token protests as he gripped him back firmly. Then he moved to kneel before Holmes, reaching out to cup his cheek, watching as his eyes slid closed and he shifted to fit his cheek better into Watson's palm.

He heard Lestrade barking orders at the officers behind him, directing a carriage on to the estate at once, ordering for officers from the Yard to be summoned that very night. He and Holmes were led to one of the carriages. Once seated Holmes leaned against him and shut his eyes. Watson stared out the window and tried not to think.

Somehow they ended up back in their room at the inn, Holmes spread out on one of the beds, the country doctor standing stock-still in the doorway, mouth agape. Watson strode over to him and jerked his bag out of his hands, snarling at him to bring more bandages. The man stammered the affirmative and fled in all haste.

He rummaged through the bag until he found the strongest sedative in it; he sank the needle into his friends arm. Setting the needle aside, he gently stroked Holmes' side until his eyelids began to droop. Panic flashed over his face briefly, but Watson leaned forward and pressed a light kiss to his forehead.

"Sleep now," he whispered. Holmes nodded jerkily, eyes finally falling closed. Once he was sure Holmes was unconscious, Watson reached for his hands. Setting the breaks wasn't difficult; they were mostly clean, thank God. He cleaned and wrapped his hands before turning his attention to the rest of him. Carefully, he peeled the rest of his blood clothing off and set about cleaning the wounds.

Some time later the door opened and Lestrade slipped inside, looking as haggard as Watson felt. "The report's filed," he said. He paled as he took in the mound of bloodied rags next to the bed. Then he pursed his lips and began to roll up his sleeves, walking over to the bed. "What do you need me to do?"

Watson carefully stitched the wounds, Lestrade moving behind him to wind bandages over them and the smaller cuts. Once they were finished, Watson pulled a dressing gown from Holmes' bag and they dressed him. Watson pressed a hand to eyes where he stood, exhaustion threatening to overtake him. A hand gripped his shoulder.

"Lay down before you fall down, doctor," Lestrade said, not unkindly, as he guided him to the other bed. "He's going to need you more than me when he wakes up."

"He's going to need both of us," he heard himself say as he laid down. His eyelids felt like lead.

"Then rest now," Lestrade said. "I'll be here."

-----

Watson awoke a few hours later. Now that Holmes was patched up and in no immediate danger, he had expected to drift off for several hours, but apparently his overactive mind had other ideas. Lestrade sat at the small table, slumped, blood shot eyes focused on Holmes' sleeping form. Two bottles sat on the table. Watson rose without a word and crossed to the other seat and Lestrade slid the second bottle across the table at him, eyes never leaving Holmes. Watson accepted the drink gratefully, and for a while they sat quietly, sleeves rolled up, drinks in hand.

"So what now?" Lestrade asked, finally shifting to look at Watson.

Watson frowned. "We can't move him for a while."

"Are the wounds that bad?" Lestrade asked.

Watson took a deep breath. "Not individually. Some of the cuts on his arms especially were rather deep; but it's the sheer number of stitches. He'll have to be bed ridden, at least until some of the wounds have healed." He looked over at Lestrade, who still looked nervous. "It will be a while," he admitted, "but he should be fine." He forced a smile, "After all, he's got a good doctor, and I daresay you'll make a fine nurse," he winked. Lestrade made a face and a rude hand gesture. Watson laughed and took a drink, resting an elbow on the table. Lestrade relaxed slightly.

"Until then...?"

"It'll be the usual care giving routine - spoon feeding, bed pans - "

" - sponge baths?" Lestrade smirked, teasing.

Watson chuckled. He sank farther back in his chair with a grin. "Not as sexy as you'd imagine."

Lestrade leaned forward, smiling. "You've done it, though?" he asked.

"Once. He came down with a wretched sickness a year or so ago. Stubborn ass refused to stay in bed. Ended up being sick all over himself in the sitting room and collapsing."

"Not in front of a client?"

"No; though it would have served him right. Anyway, he had to be cleaned up before I dragged him off to bed."

Lestrade looked around the small room, suddenly thoughtful. "It makes more sense for you to room with him," Lestrade said.

"It makes more sense for us both to room with him, for added protection," Watson pointed out.

"I only see two beds," Lestrade said, "and one of them is occupied by an injured man. Unless you're suggesting -"

"- I'm not suggesting that we share a bed," Watson said hastily. "I'm suggesting we have the owner send a cot up, and pay a week advance, at least, on the room."

Slight stirring from the bed drew both of their attention, and in an instant they were seated on either side of Holmes, who looked around, disoriented. He tried to speak, but only a soft wheeze came out. Lestrade carefully slid an arm under his shoulders and helped him sit up as Watson held a small glass of water to his lips.

"Slowly," he murmured. Holmes shot him a grateful look as Lestrade lowered him back to the bed.

"Where are we?" he asked.

"Back at the inn."

"What happened to them?"

"Them?"

"The - the men who..." he trailed off and closed his eyes. Watson and Lestrade exchanged a dark look.

Lestrade cleared his throat. "They haven't been found yet," he admitted. Holmes' eyes shot open and they gripped his shoulders to keep him lying down. "Yet," Lestrade repeated.

"Can you tell us anything?" Watson asked. "Did you recognize any of them?"

"No," Holmes leaned back against the bed and looked up at the ceiling in thought. "Most of them seemed to be hired hands or there for the sport of it." A chill ran down Watson's spine. "There was one man, though - he was in charge. He said," he drew a deep, shaky breath, "He said I killed his son." He tried to sit up once more, but they held him in place firmly. "I must return to Baker Street at once," he said firmly. "In order to - "

"The best thing you can do right now is focus on getting better, Holmes," Watson said sternly. Holmes raised a hand to protest, but fell silent when he caught sight of the splints on his fingers. He dropped his hand to the blanket and looked away moodily.

The days passed slowly, with Holmes alternating between unbearable crankiness and a stubborn need to keep them in sight at all times. They'd developed a trade-off system of sorts so they could stay involved with the investigation without leaving Holmes alone, but he was never truly relaxed unless they were both with him. He would often end up lapsing into a black mood and refusing to speak.

The burns on his chest had all but healed, and Watson was grateful to see that the stitches on several of the smaller gashes would be ready to come out soon. The swelling in his wrists had gone down enough that he could clumsily feed himself simple foods with his few unbroken fingers. The moment he had that revelation, he had refused any help whatsoever, and they'd been forced to pay the kitchen staff extra to only prepare foods Holmes could manage alone.

It was well into the evening of their seventh day at the inn. Watson looked in the mirror of the wash room, taking in the circles that had begun to form under his eyes with a sigh. He opened the door, absently fixing his collar as he glanced through the doorway at the bed. What he saw made him freeze. Lestrade was leaning heavily on the bed, one arm supporting his weight. He had reached over Holmes and was carefully running his fingers through his hair. His lips were moving, telling some story, but from this distance, Watson couldn't hear it.

Watson leaned against the door frame, transfixed. Holmes' face was relaxed, eyes bright for the first time since they'd found him in that wretched room. Happiness radiated from him, and jealousy tugged at him at Lestrade having been the one to produce it. But then Holmes laughed - the same beautiful, rich sound he remembered - and he forgot to be jealous at all. His eyes misted over and he took a cautious step into the room, hoping to catch part of what Lestrade was saying to enrapture Holmes so. The movement drew Lestrade's eye, however, and he pulled his hand back a fraction, unsure. Watson shook his head, but Holmes had already noticed him.

"Watson?" he asked. He'd developed a strange habit of asking about their presence, like an affirmation of sorts.

"Yes, Holmes," he crossed the room to sit on the other side of the bed. Lestrade drew his hand back and settled back in his chair, hand resting on Holmes' arm instead. That was another strange development. Holmes had never been shy about initiating light touches - a pat on the back of his hand as they parted, strolling arm in arm through the streets - but now contact soothed him like little else could anymore. He would lean eagerly into their hands, encouraging them with soft sounds and movements to touch his hair, his face, his arms, his chest. It was maddening. More than once he'd seen Lestrade darting toward the wash room, cheeks stained a light pink. He couldn't even rib the man about it; he'd done it often enough himself. He would have considered it a gift from the Gods if such wanton eagerness weren't so un-Holmes-like. Privately, Watson worried that some sort of psychological trauma might have been done.

"I was just telling Mr. Holmes about Hopkins' first day at the Yard," Lestrade told him, pulling him from his thoughts. Watson smiled gratefully. Holmes shifted an arm closer to him and Watson reached out obediently to run his fingers down it, pushing darker thoughts from his mind. Here and now, Holmes was looking at him expectantly, tilting his head in his direction until Watson gave in and threaded a hand in his hair.

"Let me see if I can think of a good one," Watson said, and Holmes smiled so brightly at him that for a moment, he forgot how to breathe.

They passed the long, cold night that way: telling stories from before they'd met; stories from their separate professions; stories that featured each other and had them calling out parts they remembered over the din of their own laughter. Eventually Lestrade and Holmes nodded off, Lestrade curled up in his chair, head resting on Holmes' pillow; as Watson rested his upper body on the bed and drifted off as well, he couldn't help but feel that even though some things had been irreversibly broken, wounds they hadn't even known were there had begun to mend.