TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c 1998 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  This 
story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice 
attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(MM/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO 
NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT 
WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY 
DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR 
WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

AUTHOR: C.D.E.

STORY TITLE: A FAMILY MATTER


CHAPTER ONE: THE BEGINNING        

    My wife and I have been married for twenty two years.  We
both got married when we were 17.  We have a daughter 21.
    My wife started having an affair with, and left me for a black 
stud named Vick.  We had been separated for over a year.  Nothing I 
did could get her back in town and back to me.  She was now  
thinking of divorcing me.
    My mother as well as our daughter and my sister tried to talk 
with me and her and acted as emissaries to work out
things so as to salvage our long happy marriage.  I still
loved my wife Judy very dearly.
    Judy didn't want to give up Vick, even if she stayed
with me.  Her reason, he was just the kind of "real man" she 
needed.
    My family understood her and presented me with the deal they'd 
worked out.  My wife was there with them.
    "I want you to know I love you still no matter what you think 
about me and the arrangement I presented to your
family."  I hugged and kissed her, then we sat down for
mother to lay out details of the brokered arrangement.
    My wife and I held hands as mother explained the
conditions.
    I was dumfounded by the proposal presented.  My wife,
Judy still held my hands as she explained that I'd never
satisfied her fully with my small prick and that she knew
there was no way to turn herself away from Vick's "good
loving".
    The women in my family told me they understood her
position and thought that the deal was good for both of us.     
"Daddy, I've been with a black man and I don't think I
could ever go back to a small white cock again. So I know
how mom feels.  It's not your fault dad.  And don't feel
like you're being put upon.  We all still love you, but I
think it's time for mom to enjoy more than you have to
offer."  My daughter said in defense of her mother as well
as trying to console me.  My sister echoed a similar
sentiment.  Mother even surprised me that she too revealed
she'd been with a few black men since being a widow and
understood fully, as well as supported my wife's position.
    "Son, you'll be near her and you two can spend time together." 
 Spoke mother.          
    When I asked about still having sex with Judy, she held my 
hands tighter as she nervously spoke.
    "Well honey, my cunt has been stretched quite a bit by
Vicks big rod, and I just don't see how I'd get any pleasure at all 
from your little, er, your prick anymore.  So, honey you see, I 
don't see any need for you to even trying putting it in ... and 
also ... Vick didn't like the idea of you having intercourse with 
me, once he and I move back to the house."
    I know I looked and sounded pitiful.  My voice cracked
as I asked `What am I suppose to do? Do I have to go to another 
woman to get off?' 
"Of course not dear. Plus, I won't tolerate you messing around with 
another woman.  Honey you can still suck my pussy.  I know you like
doing that so much, and you do it real good.  And Vick has agreed 
to that.  But dear, I love you very much, but You see, I . I want 
you to jerk off when you need some.  That way I'll know for sure 
you're sincere about wanting me back.  That's the only way I'll 
agree to you living with me and Vick. And definitely no other woman 
permitted"  My wife said with stern sincerity in her voice.
	"T-That's nuts. I.I have my needs.  I.I'll want to put it in  
too."
	My wife smirking slightly, shook her head emphatically 
signaling no to my statement and spoke.  "Only your tongue dear, 
nothing else".
	"B-But I-I just can't jack off any mo., I-I mean."
	"We know what you mean son.  We all know that's what you've 
been doing since she's been gone."  Mother interjected.
	"N-No, I-I should be allowed to v-visit women for."
	"WHAP!"  My mother slapped me so forcefully I reeled sideways 
from the unexpected impact.  Her quickness caught me off guard.    
     "How could you be so selfish at a time of crisis like
this?"  My mother shot out as she towered over me as I rubbed my 
bruised face.
    "Daddy how could you think of not being faithful and
devoted to mom?"  Cried my daughter.
    "Brother!  You know I use to spank you for mom, when you were 
naughty.  With that kind of insensitivity and talk, I've got a good 
mind to take you across my knee right now."
Yelled my older sister, who was physically able to do as she 
proposed.
    The three women easily intimidated me as I cringed and sought 
protection as I cringed by my wife's side.  The person who was the 
cause of all this anger being directed at me.  I continued to hold 
her hands.  The vigor of my family's reactions surprised and 
frightened me.  They were all larger than me.
    "Now! Now!  What he said is just a knee jerk reaction.
You're just confused and flustered aren't you honey?" Spoke my 
errant wife with an air of soft authority.
    `Y-Yes dear.'  I replied meekly.
    "I thought so."  She said kissing me on my forehead.
"There'll be no more silly talk of other women.  This is
what we'll do.  When you need some, we'll help you
masturbate darling."
    The other three women readily agreed with my wife that
her idea was much more sane and reasonable.  They all
offered to help me out when I needed sex.
    "Don't you worry a bit daddy, I've jerked many a cocks
off into kleenex pussies.  You can count on me to help out." Spoke 
my daughter in a boasting tone.
    "It'll be like old times brother.  I've jacked you off
many times.  Remember all those times you got hard from
looking under my skirt?"  Said my sister chuckling.
    Mother also chimed in and reminded me how she use to
jerk me off before I went on dates, so as to take some of
the fire out of me so I wouldn't get any girls pregnant.
     Needless to say, I was not only shocked and alarmed by what 
was happening to me, but deeply embarrassed as well.


CHAPTER TWO: A FAMILY'S HELP                         

     As Part of the agreement, I was to move to a storage
room in the basement, as Vick didn't think it was a good
idea for me to be on the same floor as the master bedroom,
where he and my wife would sleep.
     The room was like a small apartment.  It had a bathroom also.
     Mother and the others helped me move and decorate it.
I didn't like the lavender and pink/white color scheme, but it was 
no use arguing with three bossy women.
     I met Vick and couldn't but be envious of his good
looks and muscular build.
     As I was preparing to go to bed my first night in my new
basement bedroom, in walked mother, my sister and daughter.      
"We came to help you christen your new room and to show you we were 
serious about being there when you needed us."  Said mother as the 
three surrounded the bed and pulled the cover away from me and 
sought to open my pajamas and find my prick.  My daughter soon had 
me in her hands.
     I tried to keep them from going any further, but my mother and 
sister  pinned my arms and held me back allowing my daughter free 
reins on me.
     "Mom's right, you are small daddy.  But don't worry, I'll take 
care of you."  She giggled as she began to slowly stroke and fondle 
my stiffening prick.
     "Here's mom.  Isn't she pretty and sexy.  She and Vick are 
going out."  Spoke my daughter.
     As I looked over at Judy, I couldn't helped be awed at how 
sensuous and sexy and delectable she looked in a tight thigh high 
mini dress that was so revealing.  My prick pulsed and I thought 
sure I'd loss my load, but I hadn't.  I was fighting coming by my 
daughter's actions, but I knew I would lose if my wife stayed 
around much longer.  She looked gorgeous.
     "You like this dear?"  She said as she twirled around in her 
high heels.  "This is one of Vick's favorite outfits. And look at 
these."  She hiked up her very short hemline and showed me a pair 
of very skimpy split crotch lacy panties.  Her dark full lush bush 
was very discernible peeking through.
     My prick got harder.  I was doing everything to hold my load.
     "You do like them don't you honey?  Vick does, he likes to be 
able to reach over and play with my pussy from time to time."  I 
knew now my wife was taunting me.
     "C'mon dear don't hold back show me you like me dressed like 
this.  Let me see you shoot your load for me.  Here look at my 
panties up close."
     When she got closer and closer, I loss more and ground to my 
daughter's skillful manipulations.  By the time she got next to the 
bed, I spurted into my daughter's kleenex pussy.  They all cheered 
me and to celebrate the christening of my room as well as a way of 
kissing her goodnight, my wife straddled my face and had me kiss 
her on her cunt.
     I was alarmed when I heard my wife let my sister know
that I was only a single shooter, so she didn't have to worry about 
me needing to come again in a few minutes.  Before the others left, 
they demanded the same.  I was so embarrassed to perform such gross 
acts of incest as each one of their hairy cunts were placed over my 
face to be licked and kissed.  Little did I know this would become 
a common repetitive event with a little different flavoring to add.

CHAPTER 3: THREE YEARS LATER: REMEMBERING THE PAST

It's been three years since Vick moved in.  I found myself 
reflecting over the events that led to my current situation.
     First there was the insistence by my wife that I suck
her wet slimy cunt after Vick had creamed in her.  I
resisted a long time, but finally gave in when it was clear she 
wasn't going to let me taste her pussy at all if I didn't do as she 
desired.  Since I had humiliated myself so much already, I gave in. 
I discovered her gooey drippy gash didn't taste that bad.  
Doing this same time, Vick and I were developing what I call a 
strong man, weak male relationship.  That is, he knew he was king 
of the mountain, and didn't have to prove anything.  I on the other 
hand knew I was in a lesser secondary role and
knew only that his actions would define my limits.  I was
shy around him but couldn't help but admire his assertive
manner.  He and I soon sort of found common grounds to have some 
good conversations and soon a rapport was developed
between us that left intact his obvious superior role and my 
subordinate one.   The relationship just sort of developed
naturally.
     Take for instance if he and I were watching TV, it was 
understood it would be the program he desired to watch.  If he 
wanted a beer out of the fridge, he'd simply say "I'd
like a beer", and I'd get it for him.
     I did respect him for the good sexing he was giving my wife, 
which we often talked about.  After it was common
knowledge I was eating his cum out of her cunt, that was
also a topic of our conversations.
     He might tell me how many loads he shot off in her and then 
ask me, good heartedly, how much of it did I get to
eat.  I at first was embarrassed at us talking about this,
but because he didn't make it sound the least bit
condescending, I soon got over any shame of discussing the
subject with him.  You see, it just seemed natural to him
that I would do this.  This made it easier for me to tell
him how flavorful  he made her cunt taste.  My wife and
mother were very pleased that he and I were having such
"open" conversations.
	Equally embarrassing for me at first was him knowing that the 
only sexual relief I got was by my hands or those of the women when 
they stroked my prick.  It seemed they enjoyed taunting and teasing 
me by holding up their skirts or flashing their tits at me. 
Everyone laughed as they chided me about not getting any except by 
getting my meat beat. 
 	A month after we three set up our unusual marital arrangement, 
I was caught on videotape masturbating.  My daughter had 
accidentally left the unit on in a bedroom where I'd gone to get 
relief from her, my wife, and sister teasing me as they stripped 
and tried on sexy lingerie. They made me watch promising to jerk me 
off as a reward.  I only got their laughter as they once again 
fooled me and changed their minds about masturbating me.
	The tape was later used by my wife and mother as justification 
to put a sort of chastity belt on me that would lock my prick until 
they said it was timed for me to be milked.  
They ganged up on me.  I was held down, with Vick's help, 
while my wife securely locked the device on me. I was irate at such 
a dastardly deed by them all. I spewed profanity at them all. The 
only thing it all got me was the worse whipping I'd ever had in my 
life.  My wife, sister,  and, mother, all took turns lashing me 
with a piece of thick electric cord, which Vick supplied.
	When they got through with me, my bottom was in severe pain  
laced with thick welts.
I was a different person the next day.  I'd been beaten.  I 
knew my place.  I never got rebellious again. I didn't blink or 
hesitate when my wife demanded an apology as I served her and Vick 
breakfast the next morning, that is, for my behavior the night 
before - which led to the whipping.  I knew from that moment on, 
that I had basically become enslaved to not only my wife and her 
handsome black lover, but also to my family as well. You see mother 
too demanded an apology in writing.  The note was very descriptive, 
detailed and incriminating should anyone outside the family read 
it. She dictated it and ordered me to sign.  Even though knowing it 
could severely embarrassed me if in the wrong hands, my immediate  
worry was about another lashing if I didn't. I had no fight left in 
me. With a broken will, I signed.
	Vick and my wife were watching as I placed my signature on the 
embarrassing note.  They both smiled as I sheepishly submitted to 
mother's abject demands, which included reading the signed note 
aloud.  In it she also had a sentence which read "I fully 
understand and accept that my wife and her black lover or lovers 
will determine when I am to have sexual relief, and then only 
through masturbation when they grant me their permission.  I enjoy 
beating my meat and therefore am glad they care enough for me to be 
controlled so that it won't affect my health."
	"See I told you he was a mama's boy." Spoke mother as she held 
the note up toward Vick and my wife.
     Every since Vick moved in, his masculinity and
manliness were so great compared to me.  As a result, I
quickly gave up trying to even think about competing with him.  
Instead, I found it easier to let him be the man of the house and 
me to be myself.  That is, to be servile to him while delighting
in doing the things I was good at - domestic household
management.   Also, Vick's acceptance that this was my
domain and his praises at how well I cooked, cleaned and
ironed pleased me exceedingly.   He often said I did
"woman's work" better than a lot of women.
     I remembered mother's compliments.  "Dear, I'm pleased
with the way you've accepted and adjusted to Vick.  It's
marvelous the way you've accepted your responsibility as a
good husband and made him feel welcome.  He really likes
your cooking and the way you iron his shirts."  She also
chided me about my initial reluctance to wear the set of
lace trimmed old fashion large pinafores she and the others had 
bought for me. 
 	"Dear, those pinafores look so good on
you.  I don't know which one I like the best - the pink,
lavender, or the white one.  But I'm so glad you've stop
grumbling about wearing them.  Vick also loves seeing you
wear them too."
     I remember being so ashamed of being forced by my wife and the 
others to wear those fancy feminine aprons, but they were so 
practical and in no time, me wearing them just became part of my 
normal attire.
     As a reward for being so cooperative, accepting, and
supporting my wife's new marital arrangement, mother gave me a blow 
job instead of simply jerking me off.  That made me
feel good.
     One notable event during this time was when my
daughter's black boyfriend's condom burst while they were
having intercourse in one of the bedrooms at our house.  She came 
to me and told me about the situation. Vick overheard us and 
recommended that I give her a good sucking quick, so that she 
wouldn't get pregnant, since she wasn't on the pill.  Being a 
concerned father, I quickly pressed myself into service as her 
birth control and sucked her luscious hairy cunt as thoroughly as I 
could.  I agreed with her that she should straddle my upturned face 
so her cunt could drain as I sucked.  In the process of me cleaning 
her out she got off twice.  After that, she came to me frequently 
to get her cunt sucked, as insurance, for pin hole leaks in her 
various lover's condoms.
     One day I was talking to Vick about her and how I felt guilty 
about sucking her out.  "You should be glad to help
her out, after all she's your daughter."  His remark did
make me feel more at ease about the situation.
     I also talked to him about the many different men she
was seeing.  I lamented and told him I hoped she wouldn't be going 
out and sexing all of them.  He told me he'd do me a
favor and talk to her about that.  That made me feel better that he 
took an interest in my problem.
     About this time, was when my wife started a night job. Little 
did I realize at the time that she was whoring for him.  I didn't 
find out about what she was doing until I got laid off.  Since she 
was bringing home the bacon, there was little I could say.  I 
couldn't seem to find another job, so I basically become a full 
time housemaid and servant for Vick.  Out of the money my wife 
made, he gave me an allowance of $10 a week for my work. It wasn't 
much, but it was better than nothing, plus all the bills were being 
paid and he told me and my wife he liked having me around the house 
to wait on him and cook his meals while everyone else was out 
working.  I was always good at and enjoyed doing housework, so I 
really didn't object strongly at his request.  It was so much less 
stressful than my old job anyway.  Mother fully encouraged me to 
stay home and be "domestic" in my colorful pinafores.
     I noticed that my daughter soon wasn't going out as
much but staying home with me and Vick.  And when she did go out, 
it was with Vick.  This made me feel good that she was under his 
`protection' while they went out for drinks and to clubs.
     Vick is about 15 years older than my daughter, so imagined my 
shock when I discovered he was screwing her regularly behind my 
back and that she wanted to have a baby by him.  I was irate, but 
my wife and mother and sister thought this was wonderful news and 
quite supportive of her.
     "Honey, I gave her my okay to sex Vick.  She was really 
helping me out since he can easily take care both of us and then 
some.  And remember, weren't you concerned about her
being out with so many different men?  Now you don't have to worry 
about that."
     To appease me, Vick offered that I could act as her
birth control.  "That way, if she get's knocked up you can't blame 
me."  I didn't like his compromise that much, but I
reluctantly accepted it.  He and I shook on it.
     My daughter, who had problems taking the pill, rejoiced that 
Vick didn't have to use rubbers anymore when they
fucked.  She was happy that she could feel "his black meat" and be 
flooded by his cum.
     "Daddy, to make sure you have every chance, it's best
if you're there when we do it so you can suck out each load when he 
creams in me."  I hated to admit it, but I knew she was right.
     After my wife left for work that evening, I started my tour of 
duty as oral birth control for my daughter and Vick.      They 
offered me a seat in the bedroom while they made
love, but I told them to call me when they needed me.
     The first time they called I quickly knelt between her open 
legs to suck out his bountiful thick oozing load of
scum.  My daughter let me know how good it felt to be
flooded and dripping with Vick's big load of jism.
     As in our previous routine, she sat on my face for good 
drainage in addition to my deep sucking and probing scooping 
tongue.  Confident I'd done the best I could, she removed
her wet gash from my face and I sat in a chair by the bed to catch 
my breath.  My jaws and tongue ached also.
     "Daddy, don't you think you ought to get that cum on
the head of his dick before we start screwing again?"
     I looked at the thick glob of jism that'd oozed out of his pee 
slit and hung tenaciously at the end of his
semi-hard giant prick.  `Good idea', I sighed as I walked
over and bent over his heated crotch and held his dick and
lapped up the slimy droplet from his cock head.  My mind was on 
making sure that his sperm didn't get her pregnant, so I didn't 
really think about anything else as I cleaned the
head of his oozing dick with my flicking tongue.
     "If you suck me slowly and softly until I'm hard,
you'll be sure to get all that oozing scum before we start
fucking again.  Be sure and keep your teeth out of the way." He 
warned.
     Focused entirely on what I was there for, I followed
Vick's advice as the two of them looked on smiling.
I engulfed his dick head with my lips and slowly suckled it as he'd 
suggested.  He was right about there being
more dregs of his cum, I could easily taste them as I
sucked the smooth velvety cock head and kept the tip of
my tongue in his giant pee slit.  I could feel his cock head 
swelling and his prick getting stiff in my mouth.  I took my mouth 
away from his swelling dick head fearful it would get
lodged in my mouth.  It was just that big.  He assured me it 
wouldn't and I was able to fit my mouth back over it to give it one 
last suck to be sure I'd gotten all of his oozing
semen.
     "Daddy, if you really want to be sure you got it all,
you'd better lick all that dried pussy juice off his shaft. There 
may be some dried jism there too."
     I heeded my daughter's advice and lapped and washed his black 
shaft all around with my tongue and lips.  I went from the crown of 
his huge cock head to the base of his thick
stalk of rigid meat.  As I worked my tongue and lips around the 
base of his shaft, my nose often made contact with his
thick crotch hairs and his big balls.
     "Daddy's really doing a good job, isn't he?"  I heard
my daughter say as I worked at what I was doing.  Vick
concurred.
     "Since you're handy, why don't you guide it in for me." Vick 
said as he positioned himself back between my
daughter's legs.  Always desiring to be helpful, I gingerly aimed 
the tip of his rigid organ to the juicy wet hairy lips of her cunt.
     This time I took them up on their offer to stay as I
sat to rest my back - from bending over his crotch - as well as to 
wet my whistle with the drink I'd brought with me.
The cool wetness of it was welcomed as all that sucking and licking 
had made my mouth gluey and gummy.  I mentally sighed at how much 
work there was in doing a good job of oral birth control.
     As I looked at my daughter and Vick in the
passionate throes of intercourse again, I couldn't help but admire 
the way they both were performing, especially how she was taking 
all of his monstrous manhood.  I felt a certain
pride in seeing her accommodating him so well.  She was good at 
taking such a big dick.  It was obvious she had lots of
experience.
     They soon were ready for me again.  I went through the same 
routine again.  Before they were through with their
love making for the night, they needed my services four
times.  I left them asleep in each other's arms as I finish 
extracting the last load of fuck juices from her well
satisfied pussy.  Her hairy mounds were slightly puffy and
swollen.  At my daughter's request, I also milked his
cock head a little before I left, since she said she was too tired 
to do it for him and I was already down there between them.  In a 
way it seemed natural for me to do it out of
respect and homage for the man's stamina.
     I left them confident and satisfied of having done my
best.
     Later that night after I was asleep, my wife came in
and had me suck her cunt clean of her Johns' residual jism.      
"It was a good night honey.  I turned 21 tricks with 15 blow jobs." 
 She said after I'd sucked her out and had a
passionate French kissing session with her.  She spoke as
she slowly jerked me off as we laid there.  After I shot
off, she showed me her night's take of $1,350.  I helped her count 
the wad of small bills.
     We sat and talked some more.  I told her about how
things went with Vick and our daughter my first time as
their `birth control'.
     "You should feel proud of your daughter pleasing a fine black 
man like Vick and being able to take all he has to give her.  Just 
as you'd take pride if you had a son who was a
stud, you should take equal pride if your daughter is a good piece 
of ass to men, and especially so if to black studs."
     We continued to talk and I eased into another topic I
was uneasy about.
     "Honey, as a good father, you do what you have to do.
Sucking his dick was required.  Case closed.  You were being a good 
little daddy.  You should feel good about all you did tonight and 
not think negatively in the least about having
your mouth on his dick.  It was a good experience for you.
Maybe you can see how enjoyable I find sucking on such a
fine black tool."
     Her comments made me feel much more comfortable that
what I was doing was the right thing.  I thanked her for her 
counsel.
     I told her Vick was probably tired out tonight and
wouldn't be able to do her tonight.  She laughed and had me follow 
her to their bedroom.  On the way, she stopped and
brushed her teeth and gargled.  She let me know that Vick
didn't want to kiss unless she'd done that.
     Vick and our daughter were still asleep in each other's arms. 
 My wife went over and nudged our daughter who woke
with a most blissful look on her face.  She and my wife
hugged and greeted each other.
     "Night Daddy."  My daughter said sleepily as she left
to go to her room.
     Vick, who was stirring slowly, turned over to greet my wife.  
To my amazement, his erection also greeted her too.
It was just as stiff and ready as the first time I saw it in action 
earlier in the evening.
     "See dear, he's ever ready."  My wife said as she held his 
palpitating member and placed a kiss on it's plum size
head.  "There's enough here for all of us."  She said as she 
undressed and hopped into his arms.  Later I was to find out how 
true was her statement.
     I was still dumbfounded as I stood there, but soon I
realized I should go back to bed and leave them to their
activity.  I heard Vick call me as I headed for the door.
     "Since you're here, how about putting it in for me
before you leave."
     As if dazed by his prowess, I once again guided his
sturdy tool to a gaping juicy cunt eagerly awaiting it.
     Vick and my daughter kept me busy.  They were fucking
virtually every night.  It was a good thing I didn't have a job to 
go to each morning other than household chores.
     There was no doubt that Vick and I grew even closer
because of my birth control efforts and the fact that I was now 
more intimately familiar with his sexual stamina and his dick 
itself.  After the first couple of days, I'd virtually gotten over 
being angry about him screwing my daughter as well as my wife.
     He and I both respect each other for what we do in this 
relationship.  I enjoy cooking his favorite meals and the
compliments he gives me for doing that, as well as my other work 
around the house.  He doesn't pick up his clothes or do anything 
else around the house.  He lets me do it because
that's my job, as well as to wait on him when he's home.
After all, that's what he says he's paying me for. 
     Other than eat, manage the household money, gamble,
work out at the gym and sexing the women, he does nothing
else.
     One day while I was busy ironing the bed sheets,
something my wife insists on - as well as changing she and Vick's 
beds daily - Vick called me.  As usual, I stopped what I was
doing and rushed to see what he needed.
     He'd been watching a porno video and his dick was
really hard as he sat there with his robe open.  His
monstrous rod stood straight up.
     "Call yo mama and tell her to git over here.  I need
some pussy."
     I did as he ordered me to.  Recently he'd been screwing mother 
and my sister off and on when they needed some, or he needed some 
and neither my wife or daughter were around.
Well my sister was at work, so only mother was available
during the day.
     "Dear, I'm tied up with the postman right now."  Mother was 
panting as she spoke so I knew she was involved in some sexual 
activity.  She couldn't come over.
     After I hung up the phone I told Vick what the situation was 
with her,  He walked over to where I was.  His erection looked so 
formidable as it swung so stiffly.  He faced me and placed my hand 
on his heated hard palpitating meat.  It was so swollen.  I knew it 
was throbbing and bothering him.
     "You're a mama's boy, so kneel and suck my dick for yo mama."
     I'd never sucked him off all the way before, so
naturally I was stunned at his request.  I hesitated.  That 
irritated him.  He slapped me. since he'd never hit me before.
     "DAMN IT!  You fucking fairy!  My dick's hard!  Wrap
your lips around my bone!  And you better keep yo fucking
teeth out of the way!"  He shouted as he pushed me to the
floor.
     It was clear what I had to do.
     He moaned so sweetly as I engulfed the familiar head of his 
dick.  I had to stretch my mouth wide as I got as much
of him in me as I could.  The feel of his heated hardness in my 
mouth was different this time.  The other strange thing was
that since I knew he was planning to come in my mouth that
seem to add a totally different element to what was happening.
     He shot a copious load and surprisingly I managed to
swallow all his heated slimy discharge.  It was so hot and gooey.  
He kept me on my knees and literally fucked my face until he'd shot 
another heavy thick creamy load.  I held on to his strong thighs as 
he held the back of my head.  I milked him for a long while after 
he'd creamed in my mouth.  After he'd had enough, he
pulled his softened dick from my lips and ordered me to get him a 
beer.  Meekly, I returned with the beer and a glass on a
serving tray.  I opened and poured it like I usually do.
     He was so much more relaxed now.
     "That'll go away in no time." He said as he reached out and 
turned my head to look at the reddish imprint of his
hand on my face.  "You can get on back to your ironing.
I'll call you if I need anything else."
     I returned to my chores with an odd feeling.  I had two huge 
loads of his hot jism in my tummy and a slimy, but not totally  
unpleasant aftertaste in my mouth.  Moments later, I had gotten 
over being angry at what he'd done.  I'd rationalized that his sex 
drive had gotten the best of him and that it was difficult for him 
to apologize to me.
     Mother called later.  I told her how things worked out.      
"Dear, I agree with you.  This can only bond you two
closer together, as well as show him that you can handle his needs. 
 And you're right about him being concerned about
your face.  That was his way of saying thanks for being
there for him."
     Mother was not surprised about me getting over my anger
towards him for his manhandling.
     "Dear, you know they say a hard dick has no conscience. Well, 
when your man see's you're a little hesitant to go
along with his program, especially when he has an aching
throbbing dick, he might give you a little attitude
adjustment to see things his way.  And that's all that
happened between you.  You're right to be glad rather than
angry.  Baby, I'm pleased this happened.  Vick was just being his 
manly self, but in the process, helped you appreciate
him more, as he broadened your role in the relationship.  He really 
helped you build your confidence to do and be more
for him."
     Mother congratulated me on becoming "a full fledged
cocksucker" and active member of the "Vick's Dick Fan Club". We 
both had a good chuckle.
     Before we hung up, she not only let me know it wasn't
perverse and I shouldn't be ashamed to be called a "cocksucker" or 
"faggot".  She even encouraged me to think about becoming a drag 
queen for Vick.
  "I really think you'd look so sweet swishing around the house, 
and in front of him, in a French maid's uniform and low heels.  
Think about it dear, you'll probably get his dick hard more often 
for you. Bye now."
     I thought about what she said.  My wife had also
mentioned something similar about me dressing in more
feminine attire.
     She thought I should wear a maid's uniform because they were 
more efficient than the large lacy old fashioned pinafores I wore 
over my normal male attire.  "Anyway honey, I think it would be a 
fitting gesture in honor of our first anniversary with Vick, if you 
dressed as a maid."  She expressed that it would be fitting tribute 
to his manliness and the harmony he'd brought to our house and 
family.
	I listened. What could I say? Was there to be no respect for 
me at all? Was she serious? I knew the answer almost as soon as I 
asked myself the question.     
In the meantime, despite all my "suck birth control" efforts, 
my daughter got pregnant by Vick about two months later.
     "You probably just got a little lax dear, that's all.
But look at the bright side, you're going to have your first 
grandchild."  My wife said smiling as she consoled me at my sucking 
failure.  
     You know what they say, when it rains it pours.  Two
months later, my sister decided she wanted a baby by Vick. A month 
later, my wife announced she was  pregnant by Vick too.
     The above events were some months ago.  In addition to him 
being the father of my grandchild, I'm the proud "legal" father of 
Vick's son and the uncle of his daughter by my sister.

                         THE END

     
Comments or future story ideas: Contact C.D.E.at ccwriter@hotmail.com 

 
 
