Shower Gal
by naughtyandy4u

Shower Gal Pt. 01

At the time of the remarkable incident I was sharing an apartment with a workmate. He was often away with his girlfriend at the time leaving me to ponder the best strategy to find a girlfriend of my own. I was somewhat introverted and somewhat awkward around members of the female sex, as I look back I realise there were missed opportunities!

This particular evening neither the TV nor books nor radio were holding my attention for very long. Yep you guessed it boredom city! This in Montreal was inexcusable, it is a city of many wonders and delights which some years later I still remember fondly.

The last rays of sunshine were gradually fading away as I roused myself to turn on the lights. As I stood movement across the quadrangle in another apartment caught my eye. There were about 60 to 80 feet of space between the two wings. As often happens when something catches the corner of your eye I turned for a better look, what I saw caused my hand to no longer seek the light switch.

Through the open window, apparently of the bathroom to the apartment opposite, there was the naked back and long brown hair of a young woman; at least my sensory powers were quite sure this was a woman.

Having been a voyeur in the past and still am, my curiosity was aroused. Soon other parts of my anatomy would join my curiosity. Keeping in the shadows and dismissing any questions as to the right or wrong of my actions, I moved closer to my window. It became clear that this person was in the midst of a shower, my view was restricted due to the window height but I could clearly see the upper body of this as yet mystery person. Slowly the figure turned to the left until there was no doubt as to her gender and my first impression was confirmed. Her breasts came into view; large, firm and tipped with rosy red nipples. Now my attention was so fully commanded all else faded into the background. A fire could have erupted and I would have paid it scant attention as I stood enthralled by the vision before me.

Her hands swept over her breasts lathering them with soap suds. This I found to be extremely erotic. Her hands paused then began caressing her breasts; did she know she was being watched? Had I revealed myself somehow? Were others watching? I noticed her fingers and thumbs teasing her nipples as she kept running her hands over those wonderful breasts. Then one hand disappeared from view heading south, was she playing with herself? My vivid imagination running rampant said she was.

She turned more to the window her beautiful breasts in full view as she played with them circling them with her hands stroking, rubbing with the front of her hand then the back of her hand. Again one hand heads south as the other caresses and fondles first one then the other breast. Then with a big smile she turned to the spray of water to rinse herself off.

A couple of times now I had found it necessary to readjust myself, my member growing in response to such an erotic sight. Reaching out she pulled the shower curtain aside, reached for a towel and began to dry herself. I noticed that now the curtain to the shower was pulled aside I could see through the bathroom door right down a hallway. She dried off with her back towards me bending and straightening as she dried herself but still I could see no lower than mid back. My mind wandered pondering the delights of her nether regions. Finally she wrapped the towel around her and left the room.

Now I could see all of her, all be it from behind, the towel coming to mid-thigh, what lovely legs! Thinking this was as much as I would see I started to turn away, but no she was coming back maybe I'll wait a little longer. She returned to the bathroom got whatever she needed and turned back down the hall again, this time though half way down the hall the towel fell away till she was holding it in one hand dragging it along beside her.

My eyes couldn't believe the vision before them, my cock did, pushing against my pants, hard and strong. There she was naked from head to toe her bum describing that pattern only a woman can. Again was this deliberate, a tease or pure accident? Whatever I didn't care as I feasted on the loveliness revealed. I was for sure going to have to spend some time in my room with my favourite member!

At the end of the hall she turned, to go into another room? Her bedroom maybe? NO she turned right around and began walking back towards me and whoever else may be watching. Now I knew she must be enjoying this, teasing whoever may be watching. Then I realised, I the voyeur have an exhibitionist living across from me. This must be heaven!

Once again I gazed upon her wonderful breasts, swaying gently as she walked. Then my gaze went lower, across her flat tummy to her most private place. I looked upon her pubic hair and considered the delights hidden therein. How I wished the space between us was less so I could see more detail.

I continued to watch as she entered the bathroom, my vision of her whole body becoming less as the window began to cut off her lower regions. The light went out as if to say 'shows over' and that was it for that night.

Without turning on the light I retired to my bedroom, stripped and fell upon my bed. Clicking the mental tape in my head to rewind I slowly replayed the show as I stroked my cock, running my hand up and down feeling my hardness. Circling my cock head with my thumb pulling my foreskin over it then pulling it back, thrusting my cock out from my hand, my other hand playing with my balls I thought of her c cup breasts, her hands caressing them teasing her nipples. Precum oozing from the tip off my cock, I spread it around with my finger, gently rubbing my cock head, so sensitive. Now I feel that swelling unmistakable feeling of needing to cum as I once again dwell on her buttocks rippling as she walks. Then finally as my hand pumps faster, watching the sway of her breasts, her hair concealing her womanly treasure as she walks towards me, towards me and my thrusting, jutting, spurting cock. As my spunk shoots from my cock covering my hand and stomach my body shudders, once, twice, three times and relaxes in spent ecstasy.


Shower Gal Pt. 02

As you can imagine the images of watching her shower remained with me and still do. During the next little while I continued to glance in the direction of this talented ladies window hoping to see once again her beauty displayed.

Days went by, doubts availed themselves. Was this then a one off viewing, never to be repeated? Was she perhaps a visitor? Days turned into a couple of weeks and still no sighting.

The days grew longer as summer settled in, time to check out the many hiking trails in and around the city. One Saturday afternoon a plan was made which saw me heading over to Lac St. Jean and a short but pleasant trail through the trees along the lake. As luck would have it this trail began at the far end of a local beach so yes a little viewing pleasure was anticipated. Little did I know but this happened to be one of the unofficial semi-nude beaches, bonus!

The trail turned out to be infested with blackfly, a most obnoxious pest, needing no further prompting I opted for the beach, that's my excuse and I'm sticking to it!

Despite signs warning of dire consequences should one dispose of one's clothing several had done just that. Mostly tops only but a couple of bottoms too! Finding a comfortable spot I allowed my voyeuristic side to run amok and there was lots to see. Watching women play volleyball with only bikini bottoms ah a sight to behold. With breasts bouncing and nipples pointed and thrust out, bikini bottoms rippling with the exertion of trying to contain ample buttocks. These girls were a glorious sight to see.

Then right beside me 2 women stripping off their clothes, a skirt and some shorts dropped to the sand, leaving them in bikini bottoms and halter tops. Then tops pulled off, showing off full breasts encased in lace. Reaching behind, unhooking, leaning forward allowing the lace to fall away revealing swelling breasts topped with pink nipples. Away they went, long legs stretching, striding out down to the water. I was granted the image of bouncing breasts and rippling buttocks.

As with everything the day draws to a close; but I was left with a cornucopia of stored images from watching seminude females playing, laughing, enjoying life.

Although I made a promise to myself to return another day, that day never came.

And summer went on, bringing with it, visitors. This latter event caused me to give up my room and take up residence on the couch in the living room for a short while. This would turn out to be a good thing.

Rising one sunny morning, I stretched and as had become my habit glanced to the apartment across the way. Almost in the act of turning away I caught myself and looked again. YES there she was! It hadn't all been some dream. For whatever reason, maybe it was due to it being daytime instead of night, instead of being furtive I stepped boldly towards the window for a better look. In the process I ignored my own attire which consisted of pj bottoms. I was honestly more interested in my neighbour's attire. Her long legs were bare until they disappeared into what appeared to be short shorts barely covering the swell of her buttocks. Then an expanse of bare belly and finally a crop top that hung from her breasts. Her long brown hair was pulled back. I couldn't determine if this was a sleep set or an exercise set, not that it mattered as it showed her body to perfection. She was standing as if in the process of leaving the living room and entering the hallway in which I had seen her before. I was also seeing her through a different window that allowed me to see all of her.

I was now standing fully in the middle of my window; the windows in both apartments began about a foot from the floor and extended to the ceiling. Soon I would know, was the previous time deliberate or accidental? Would she turn and leave, or??

I didn't have long to wait as she turned and faced towards me, her hands took hold of the bottom of her top and she lifted it slowly upwards. It didn't have far to go before the bottoms of her breasts where revealed, then as it moved further up her nipples came into view, seemingly already erect as the material caught for just a few seconds before leaving their dark pink presence in view.

Tantalisingly her breasts were fully revealed, full and round, leaving me wondering how they would feel in my hands. As she pulled the top over her head she gave a little wiggle, enough to let her breasts sway slightly. Tossing her top to the side she looked towards me then reached up and behind herself to release her hair allowing it to cascade down over her shoulders. Again her breasts gave that little bounce.

Now my question was answered, there was no doubt; she enjoyed showing herself as much as I enjoyed watching. This latter observation was borne out by the rising erection tenting my pj's. Should I wave or acknowledge my appreciation? Somehow, just watching seemed the right course of action.

From her hair her hands wandered south, smoothing over her sides until her thumbs hooked into the waistband of her shorts, looking directly at me she bent at the knees and slowly pushed her shorts downwards. Wiggling a little as she eased them over her hips, teasingly her pubic hair came into view and as it did I could feel my erection grow and thrust forward towards her, still contained in its prison of cloth. More and more of her mound was revealed as her hands pushed ever downwards, until finally her shorts fell to the floor. As she straightened she gave them a little kick disposing of them down the hall as if to say I don't need them anymore.

Now she stood fully naked, allowing my eyes to fully comprehend her beauty I could feel my cock at full erection, so erotic had been her stripping. With a little wiggle and shake myself my cock found its way through the opening of my pj bottoms exposing it to the light of day.

Well fair is fair I thought, as my neighbour has shown herself to me I should do the same, although in my case I only had the one article of clothing to remove. First I stretched upwards, causing my cock to thrust outwards and upwards, Then lowering my arms I took a firm hold of the waistband and pushed my bottoms down till they fell at my feet, following the fine example set for me I kicked them away. And so we stood naked, so close yet so far away. As I watched she began to caress her own body, hands moving swiftly, slowly to new places, across her belly, up her sides till each hand reached those full, round breasts. Those breasts I had fantasised about so much since I last saw them. Wondering how they would feel in my hands the weightiness of them filling my hands as my thumbs teased her nipples. Almost seeming to read my mind she cupped them in her hands her thumbs flickering over her nipples, making them erect. Playing along I turned slightly sideways to her, showing my cock in profile, erect and thrust out in response to her nudity.

One hand drifted slowly down, fingers running through her pubic hair, combing it, and then diving down between her as yet closed legs. As she stood one hand buried between her legs, the other caressing her breast I began to play with my cock, taking it in my hand, fondling it. All the while wondering when others in the apartment would rise. Was anyone else up and about in other apartments? Maybe watching either or both of us as we played to each other. Did that curtain move or was it the breeze?

She stopped! Why? Oh she's moving, leaving? No, she turns and enters into the room, and settles on the couch. Oh no, there's an exercise bike in the way. Now she is comfortable but slightly obscured.

Her breasts are easily seen and her legs and lower belly so all is well. Once again her hands get busy, this time both move down after teasing her nipples, to her thighs, stroking, running back and forth. Moving from the top to the inside, her legs opening allowing her hands to move closer ever closer to her womanhood. As her hand reaches its goal, moving up and down along her most secret place, my hand is wrapped around my manhood, stroking back and forth. Both hands delve between her legs opening, spreading, fondling, and playing. She moves her hands away to show me her pussy, pink, framed by her brown pubic hair. I turn fully sideways and grasping my cock at the base to show her its fullness.

In my mind I know she is wet, aroused, her scent filling the air. I want to see more, closer but know it is not possible, yet. What does she taste like, again as if reading my mind her hand goes to her pussy, fingers thrust in and out, to her mouth, licking, sucking, and tasting herself. One hand goes to her pussy the other to her breasts, touching, playing, faster, her head tilts back, my hands wraps around my stiff member, tighter, stroking, faster.

My balls tighten, I know I am close, so arousing is this woman fingering herself, is she close too? Her legs are spread wide, thrust out; her head flung back as her hands go ever faster.

I am facing her as my cock twitches in my hand, demanding release, muscles tense, I look at her as she goes rigid and then slumps forward, ignoring movement in my apartment my cock spurts again and again as my body tenses and relaxes.

As my eyes open I see other movement across the way, a man enters the room; did he hear her call out in orgasm? Was he unseen, watching? As he turns towards the window I quickly move away into the shadow and answer the call, breakfast is ready!

Two short weeks later I moved away, except for seeing her once outside I never did see or speak to her afterwards. But still I have a fond memory that has fuelled many fantasies.

Thanks to whomever you are.

Naughtyandy4u