There was a smile on his face, he knew. How could there not be? His breathing was slowly returning to a normal rate. He was completely boneless and utterly content. Wesley was practically purring beside him. Will couldn’t blame him. He’d lost count of how many orgasms Wesley had had. More than him, for sure, and he’d lost count of how many he had had too.

After Will had brought Wesley breakfast in bed that morning, they’d had a quick shower, but they hadn’t stayed clean for long. They’d been in bed since. At this point, Will didn’t think he would ever move again. Wesley, however, still had energy to spare. His head was resting on Will’s shoulder, his fingers trailing through Will’s chest hair. Their age difference was definitely showing.

Will’s stomach growled and Wesley chuckled. “I guess that means it’s time for dinner.”

“Not if it involves moving.”

Wesley sat up and tried to tug Will with him. Will groaned, but allowed himself to be pulled into a sitting position. He hissed as he did so. His ass was sore. He hadn’t bottomed so much in the entire span of their relationship as he had today. Wesley didn’t seem sore at all. Figured.

“Come on, Will. We should go take a shower and then head to dinner.”

Will glared at him.

“You know, for someone who just had as much sex as you did, you sure are cranky.”

Will cupped Wesley’s cheek and kissed him. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be. I’m just tired and hungry and sore.”

Wesley flinched when Will said sore. “Hey, don’t feel bad about that. It was worth it.”

Wesley smiled and kissed him. “Come on. If you get out of bed we can get at least one of your complaints taken care of.” Wesley got off the bed and held his hand out to Will. Will took it and let Wesley help him off the bed.

In the shower, as Will washed his hair, Wesley took care of washing his body. Wesley was hard again, and he wasn’t hiding the fact that he was hoping to get Will hard again too. “Wes, it’s not gonna happen.”

Wesley stood up looking disappointed.

“I’m sorry.”

“No, don’t be. It’s okay. I’m sorry I tried to push.”

“Wes, I can still take care of you if you’d like.”

“No, don’t worry about it.”

“Well at least let me return the favor and wash you.”

Wesley nodded, so Will washed him quickly, and when he was finished, and he was still on his knees, he gently maneuvered Wesley so that he was leaning against the wall. Wesley didn’t try to discourage him, so he took Wes into his mouth, and made quick work of making Wesley come, yet again.

He stood up and held Wesley’s face in his hands, watching as Wesley regained control of his breathing. There was a smile on his face, and his eyes were closed. When he opened them, Will leaned in and kissed him. The kiss deepened, and they stayed under the water until Will’s stomach growled again. Wesley broke the kiss, laughing. “Come on, Will. Let’s go.”

They got out of the shower and got dressed. They headed towards the restaurants hand in hand. They went to the same one they had the night before, hoping they would run into the Enterprise crew again. Sure enough, the guys were there when they got there, and so were Wesley’s friends.

“Wesley! We didn’t think we were going to see you for two weeks.” Marcus clapped him on the back.

Wesley shrugged. “What can I say? I wore Will out. We’re here so he can refuel.”

His friends chuckled and Will cuffed Wesley gently on the back of the head. “Brat.”

Geordi, Data, and Miles had overheard too, and Geordi and Miles were laughing. Will rolled his eyes and they all sat down together. Will hissed when he sat down. He wasn’t used to being so sore. He must have hissed louder than he thought because all eyes were on him.

He cleared his throat and leaned in to Wesley. “Are you really not sore?” he whispered.

“Just a little,” he whispered back. “By the way, I’m sorry about what I said earlier. It just kind of slipped out.”

“Oh don’t worry about that. That doesn’t bother me.”

Wesley smiled and kissed him. It was nice that Wes could joke about their sex life like that. Wesley had gained a lot of confidence in his year away. And it wasn’t just that comment. Wesley had been bolder than ever in bed, probably why Will was so sore, and even now, the way Wesley was talking and laughing with his friends, and also with Geordi, Data, and Miles.

He didn’t participate much in the dinner conversation. He observed Wesley, making note of the changes in his lover. They were good changes, changes that Wesley had needed to make to become his own man. A year away from one’s mother and from the comfort of the ship could do that to a person. He was exactly the man Will had known he would become.

They hung around after dinner, all of them. It seemed nobody was quite ready to leave. Coffee was ordered by most.

“So Wesley, I would have never pegged you for a top.”

Wesley blinked and opened his mouth to say something, maybe to admit that he wasn’t a top, but why not let Wesley have this. He knew exactly how their relationship was perceived, and with that came the automatic assumption that Wesley was a bottom. Let his friends think differently.

Will slid an arm around Wesley and kissed his cheek. “Chloe, you just have no idea.”

Everyone at the table laughed and Wesley looked at him, and he could see the gratitude and the surprise in his eyes. Will kissed him and whispered “you’re welcome” into his ear.

Chloe looked like she might say something else, but Beverly sat down, and as soon as Wesley introduced his mother to his friends, conversation just sort of stopped.

“Did I interrupt something?” Beverly asked. There was a chorus of no’s. “So what were you talking about?”

Everyone looked at one another. Nobody really knew what to sat, but Data solved that problem for them. “I am not sure what we were discussing, but it would seem that Wesley “tops”.”

Beverly’s jaw dropped. Will and Wesley looked at each other and started laughing. He could hear Miles laughing beside him, louder than any of them, and he was pretty sure that whispering he heard was Geordi frantically explaining to Data what that meant, colloquial terms still lost on Data.

Tears were running down his face before he was finally able to calm down. Beside him, Wesley was wiping tears from his eyes, and his friends were looking at them like they were crazy. Beverly’s mouth was still wide open.

“Beverly, I don’t understand how that can bother you so much when you’ve walked in on us before.”

“She’s walked in on you?” Bradley asked.

“Yes. Apparently it’s not necessary to use door chimes before walking into someone else’s quarters.”

Wesley’s friends were still in a kind of shock by what was happening, but Miles was having a hard time keeping from laughing again. Will had told him, Geordi, and Data about that incident.

Beverly closed her mouth, but her face was red. He glanced at Wesley and it looked like he was trying not to laugh again too. Will was about to suggest a change of subject when Wesley stiffened beside him. Will followed Wesley’s gaze and saw a guy coming towards them, and not just any guy. This guy was gorgeous. Will knew immediately who this was. Wesley had just neglected to mention how gorgeous the guy was.

He stopped at their table and before he could say anything, Will spoke up. “You must be Jon.”

Jon shifted his attention from Wesley to Will. “And who might you be?”

“I’m the boyfriend.” He had removed his arm from around Wesley during all the laughing, but he put it back there now, and pulled Wes in closer, possessively. He was too old to be playing the jealous boyfriend, but Will needed this guy to back off and know that Wesley was his.

Jon’s attention was back on Wesley now. “So there really was somebody else, and here I thought you were just playing hard to get.”

“What do you want, Jon?”

Nobody else would notice, but Will could hear the unease in Wesley’s voice. Jon was looking at Will again, and he got the feeling that this was going to get ugly. “You know, your little boyfriend here is a slut. I’ve had my hands on him.”

Will wanted to punch the guy for calling Wesley a slut. He knew he shouldn’t rise to the bait, but that smug little bastard was just bringing out the worst in him. “Maybe, but you didn’t actually get a hand in his pants, now did you? You also never spent the day in bed with him like I just did today.”

Will would have kept going but Wesley, whose hand was resting just above Will’s knee, squeezed, asking Will to stop.

“So Wesley told you about our little encounter. How noble of him. But do you really think you’re going to be able to hang on to him? Do you really think that in the end he’s not going to come to me? I’m younger than you and I’m better looking than you. Face the facts, boyfriend.”

Wesley stood up. “What you are is an asshole. It’s not going to happen and you need to leave now.”

Jon walked off, smirking at Will. He honestly didn’t know what to say. Jon had hit every one of his insecurities.

“Will?” Wesley had sat back down now. Will didn’t want to look at Wes, or anyone else at the table. He didn’t need to see the pity in their eyes, or the sympathy. He got up and squeezed past Wesley, heading out of the restaurant. Wesley didn’t try and stop him. He didn’t even say anything to him.

He found the nearest bench and sat down. What had been okay a couple of days ago was suddenly feeling like a huge problem. He could see Wesley walking towards him. He wondered how angry Wes was with him.

Wesley sat down next to him, but didn’t say anything. The minutes ticked by, neither one of them saying anything. Will wanted to say something, just to break the silence, but he didn’t know what to say. Finally, Wes spoke up. “When I told you what I did, I told you why I did it, right?”

“Yes.”

“And you said you were okay with it. Were you lying to me?”

“No! Of course not. I would never do that.”

“Then I don’t understand.”

Will sighed. He wasn’t really sure how to explain himself. “Wes, I… Look, I was okay with it. I wasn’t lying. But then I met him. Are you sure the fact that he’s gorgeous had nothing to do with what you did?”

“What I almost did. And no. You know that. I already told you why I almost did what I did.” Wesley’s gaze was cold. He’d never seen Wes so angry with him before. Will suspected he was more hurt than angry though. Angry was just easier to deal with. “Will, what is this really about?”

Will sighed and slumped back in the bench. “This is about what he said. He’s gorgeous and young and he’s here. I’m old and hairy and I’m so far away.” He was staring at his hands in his lap so that he wouldn’t have to look at Wesley. He felt a hand on his arm and one on the back of his neck. Still, he didn’t look up.

Wesley was quiet when he spoke up. “It just so happens that I like my men a little older, a little harrier, with sparkling blue eyes and Commander aboard the Enterprise.”

“That’s very specific.”

“Yeah. Know anyone like that?”

Will didn’t answer, he just stared at his hands. He felt the hand on his arm move, and it cupped his cheek. Wesley gently pushed Will’s face so that Will was looking at him. “Will, why didn’t you say anything before I left?”

Will snorted. “We had enough problems before you left.”

Wesley sighed and leaned in, just brushing their lips together. “I like that you’re jealous, but I don’t like that you’re insecure. I know that what I did hasn’t helped things, but Will, you are who I want. You are all I want.”

Will slid his arms around Wesley and kissed him. When they pulled apart, Will suggested they go back to the room, and Wesley agreed. As they were standing up, Will saw Beverly heading their way.

“Hey, Mom.”

“Wesley, is it true that you almost cheated on Will?”

Wesley’s jaw dropped and Will had to bite back a laugh. Beverly was not happy with her son, it would seem. Wesley nodded.

“How is it that out of the two of you, you were the one to almost cheat? I’ve been watching Will and he’s hardly even looked at anyone.”

“I told you he was a good man and that he loved me.”

Beverly looked at the two of them and then smacked Wesley upside the head. Hard.

“Ow! What was that for?”

Beverly walked away without answering. Wesley rubbed the spot where his mother had hit him. “Jesus that hurt.”

“I wouldn’t be complaining about that if I were you.”

“And why not?”

“Because I’m pretty sure I just got your mother’s approval.”

Wesley’s hand dropped from his head and he huffed out a laugh. “Well, at least some good came from this.”

Will smiled and held out his hand for Wes. They walked back to the hotel in silence, and when they got back to their room, they stripped their clothes off and crawled into bed. Will was lying on his back, Wesley head resting on his shoulder, his fingers running through Will’s chest hair. “You like doing that, don’t you?”

“Yes.”

“You probably wouldn’t have been able to do that with Jon.”

“Nope.”

“And he was kind of an asshole.”

“Yep.”

“Will you still love me when I’m even older and gray and fat?”

“Yep.” Wesley propped himself up on an elbow, fingers still running through Will’s chest hair. “What’s gotten in to you, Will?”

Will shook his head. “I don’t know.”

“Listen to me, Will. I wasn’t attracted to anyone this past year. I honestly couldn’t even give you a good description of Jon. Most of the guys I’ve met have been jerks, and as for girls, well I’m not really interested.”

“Really? Not at all?”

Wesley shrugged. “The thought of sleeping with a girl isn’t really that appealing. But that’s not the point. There is no one I want except for you. I missed you so much. I thought about you every day. I felt so empty without you there, but I was happy too. I knew that the separation was only temporary. I knew that you would still be there when I was finished. I knew that there was somebody out there who loved me with all his heart. You’re the person I’m supposed to spend the rest of my life with.”

There were tears in his eyes, but they were there in Wesley’s too. “You’re an idiot, Will Riker.”

Will huffed out a laugh. “Maybe, but at least I didn’t almost sleep with someone else.” He kept his tone light and a smile on his face so Wesley would know that he was just teasing. Wesley narrowed his eyes and glared at him. “Old man.”

“Brat.”

Wesley opened his mouth, but Will pulled his head down and kissed him before he could retaliate. Will was smiling when Wes finally pulled away.

“So you’re okay then?”

“Yeah, I’m good.”

“Good, because I would love to show you just how much I love you, but it would seem that I’ve worn myself out as well.”

Will laughed and kissed Wesley again. “Don’t worry, Wes. There’s always tomorrow.”