Embarrassment At The Beach
by Jamesmrt9

Public embarrassment at the wrong nudist beach.

Introduction:

Audrey and James are a young couple aged 27 and 28 respectively, they have been dating for 10 years and have decided to try a new and exciting experience: going to a nudist beach. For them it is the first time and they face the challenge with a lot of nervousness and uncertainty, especially Audrey being as shy as she is. What can go wrong?

Episode I -- "I can't believe you're proposing this to me, James"

One summer night, when Audrey and James were having a few beers on the terrace of their apartment with some friends, the topic of nudism casually came up in the conversation. Mark and Sasha confessed that they are habitual nudists, they try to go at least once to a nudist beach every year; They explained that in some of them nudity is mandatory while in others clothing is optional, emphasizing that they have never had an uncomfortable or unpleasant experience, that everyone tends to behave with great respect towards others in these places.

Audrey turned red with embarrassment and confessed that she usually goes topless on beaches, but full nudity is something she has never dared. James laughingly recalled the time Audrey had a bikini malfunction on the beach and the ties of her bottom came undone, which embarrassed his girlfriend even more, but he then commented, to play it down, that a strong wave he also dropped his swimsuit once. Their friends recognized that something similar has happened to almost everyone at some point.

James assured them that he would like to try it, even though he had never practiced it, and Audrey gave him a penetrating look, as if she had discovered a hitherto unknown side of him. Without further ado, Mark suggested a nearby nudist beach to the couple, which is also usually not very crowded.

When Sasha and Mark left, Audrey and James were left alone, and after a while planning what their next summer holidays would be, the topic of nudism came up again.

"Would you really like to go to a nudist beach?" -- asked Audrey, biting her lip and giving her boyfriend an incisive look.

James replied with some conviction: "Yes, I'm sure I want to. But I will only do it if you accompany me."

His words made Audrey's nipples really hard from the excitement she felt at imagining herself completely naked on a beach. "I can't believe you're proposing this to me," she replied, "but if you're excited, we'll do this together."

James kissed her passionately and they unleashed their love.


Episode II -- The next morning, Audrey discovers that she needs to get a tan.

James, still lying down, half-opened his eyes and watched as his girlfriend got out of bed naked and spent a few minutes looking at herself in the mirror.

"I love your ass, honey" -- James said still half asleep.

Still with her back to him, she looked back at him shyly with a sweet smile and shared her concern with him:

"But my tan lines are outrageous, my ass is so pale! I need to tan all over my body to be ready for next year."

James asserted: "Your tan lines are beautiful, my love, don't be embarrassed of them. Anyway I had thought about going there next weekend..."

"Next weekend???" - Audrey replied alarmed by surprise - "That's too hasty, I mean, I'm still assimilating this, I don't know if I'm ready to show my nakedness to the world."

James, also getting out of bed naked, argued that the more they think about it, the more hard it will be to make the decision, that it is better to take the step without thinking too much about it, that everyone will be there naked, so that nobody will notice them and that really the only thing that has separated her from full nudity so far is a tiny bikini bottom. She could not refute that argument, after all it is true that at a beach where hundreds of people are naked they will go completely unnoticed.

So he finally managed to convince her to go the next weekend, even so she kept looking at the tan lines on her butt through her bedroom mirror.

Throughout the week Audrey did not stop thinking about the experience that awaited her soon. A mixed feeling of embarrassment and arousement invaded her, on the one hand she did not want so many people to see her naked and on the other hand fantasizing about being so exposed caused her a weird pleasure that not even she herself was capable of understanding.


Episode III -- Heading to the nudist beach!

On Saturday morning they packed up a tent, some clothes, towels, mats, sleeping bags, and a few other belongings to march to the nudist beach their friend Mark had suggested. That beach is only a two-hour drive from their apartment, so the plan was to leave early to reach her destination at noon and spend most of the day at the beach, sunbathing, bathing in the sea and having refreshing drinks. Naked. They had reserved a place in a campsite to spend Saturday night in their tent, with the idea of ​​returning home on Sunday.

During the drive, Audrey seemed a bit nervous, she wasn't sure if the beach they were going to was nudity-optional or mandatory, and she was wondering which she preferred, since on the one hand, mandatory nudity has the advantage that everyone will be naked and she'll just be one more, but on the other hand she won't be able to repent and change her mind once she gets there. In case nudity is optional, the advantage is that she can choose to remain clothed and the handicap is that, in case she decides to remove her clothes, she may find herself naked surrounded by clothed people. Was what she was thinking absurd? Maybe it was, but she kept thinking about everything.

James wasn't sure if Mark had explained to him whether nudity is mandatory or optional there, either, but he decided to reassure his girlfriend by appearing very sure of himself. He explained that nudity is optional there, but anyway, it's a very uncrowded beach and it's not high season, so there probably won't be anyone or hardly anyone there. That definitely made Audrey feel calmer.

The first thing they did when they parked their car was to go to the campsite, to set up their tent. Then they prepared a couple of backpacks with towels, sun lotion and umbrellas to go to the beach. At the camping reception, James asked the receptionist how to get to the nudist beach and he looked at them a little strangely, he searched through some brochures that he had on the table without finding anything relevant, apparently he made some queries on his computer and asked his partner. They discussed, to the stunned looks of the couple, alternate weeks and rotations, not finally understanding what it was all about. The employee finally explained to them the path they should take and they went there.

When Audrey and James arrived at the beach, it was completely empty as they had expected, although it was still too early (it wasn't even 11 in the morning) and it was foreseeable that some people would arrive there over the course of hours. The temperature was not too warm, barely 25º, but definitely nice, enough to take off all your clothes.

James didn't give it a second thought, as soon as he dropped the backpack and stuck the umbrella on the sand, he took off his shirt and lowered his swimsuit to his ankles, leaving himself completely naked with a face of absolute pleasure. "It's so nice to feel the shine on my balls" - he said with a sly laugh to his girlfriend - "you're going to love this."

Audrey thought a little longer before undressing. Although she had no qualms about removing her top, a maneuver she was used to every summer, it was much more difficult for her to lower her panties, to the point that she feigned for a few minutes, looking in all directions to see if anyone was around and asking her boyfriend to check if her butt was still too pale. He didn't lie: "Honey, your ass is white as milk, but don't worry, you'll get a tan today!"

Finally Audrey closed her eyes, counted to three, and jerked her bikini bottom down. Her skin broke out in goosebumps and her face red with embarrassment. James began smearing sunscreen over her breasts and back, slowly working his way down to her pale bum and newly shaved bald pussy. Then Audrey did the same with her boyfriend.

They lay on their towels on the sand for barely ten minutes to soak up some sun, until Audrey suggested it was time for a dip. The couple left all their belongings under the umbrella and ran towards the sea.

What will happen while the couple takes a skinny dip?


Embarrassment At The Beach (ENF) Ch. 02

People are coming!

Episode IV - We're on the wrong beach, honey!

Dipping naked in the sea is an experience that everyone should live at least once, such was the pleasure that Audrey felt that she was deeply glad for having dared to accompany her boyfriend on his nudist adventure. However, the joy did not last long. After about 15 minutes, they watched from the sea how some people were coming to the beach and they all kept their bathing suits on.

"James, those guys have been there for a few minutes and they don't take off their swimsuits. What the hell is going on?" Audrey protested in alarm.

"Well honey, I guess clothing is optional here. But it doesn't matter, let's let everyone do what they want." James replied.

But Audrey didn't just let it go: "You guess? That's exactly what you said during the car ride, but you also said that it's a little crowded beach and there would be hardly anyone. Well, there are already about 10 people there!"

James detected that his girlfriend was getting a lot pissed off and he preferred not to answer for now, hoping that more people wouldn't keep coming and that she would get over it in a few minutes. But unfortunately more and more people kept coming. After another 15 minutes there were almost a hundred people along the beach, they had stuck their umbrellas into the sand and absolutely none had taken off their bathing suits.

James began to think that perhaps he was on the wrong beach; Perhaps the use of clothing is optional and coincidentally everyone has decided today to keep their bathing suits? Or is this really not a nudist beach but a public one? Even he, who was not particularly shy about his nudity, was intimidated by the situation, thinking that they would have to come out of the water stark naked in front of a clothed crowd; when he glanced at Audrey, he noticed that she was beet red and pursed her lips, just that face she makes when she's thinking "I want to hide under a rock!"

"Honey, we are wrinkling and it's cold in here right? I think we should start thinking about getting out of the water in search of our towels" -- suggested James, trying (unsuccessfully) to convey calm to his girlfriend.

Audrey replied very angrily: "it is quite evident that you have the wrong beach and this is a public beach! I can't believe you took me naked on a public beach, you fucking idiot! This is the most humiliating experience of my life..."

James knew that she was right, she had made a huge mistake, or perhaps his friend Mark had played a cruel joke on them. In any case, it was too risky to take off all their clothes without first making sure they had gone to the right beach. He tried to reason with his girlfriend:

"You're right, I screwed up, but that doesn't change the fact that we must face our fate. If we stay in the water, more and more people will arrive and it will be worse."

Audrey had an obvious idea to solve her problem: "Since you screwed up, it's your turn to solve the mess. You face the embarrassment of being seen by everyone and bring my bikini over here so I can get dressed."

James assumed that was fair, considering that it was his idea to go to a nude beach and that Audrey reluctantly agreed to accompany him. Also, she is much more bashful than him and this situation is much harder for her. He has failed her by making this unfortunate mistake and he must fix it.

Episode V -- The public embarrassment begins.

James came out of the water, pressing his hands against his cock wrinkled by the salt water and wondering how the crowd that had gathered at the beach in a few minutes would react to seeing him naked. He started to hear some giggling around him, which confirmed to him that this was not a clothing-optional nude beach but a public beach where it is normal for everyone to wear their bathing suits. Feeling stupid, he continued on his way to his umbrella trying not to look at anyone, until he realized that his umbrella was gone.

"Where the hell are our belongings?" James thought terrified, then looked up and searched in all directions. He couldn't believe that they had stolen everything, that they couldn't even get back his bathing suit or at least a towel, so he started running from one side to the other, still trying to cover his cock, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't find his things. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed that a group of girls (wearing their bikinis of course) sitting on their towels were laughing at him. Being watched, and slightly humiliated, by such pretty young women gave James a slight hard-on and at that moment he wished with all his might that it would stop or he would attract even more attention.

Feeling defeated, he returned to the sea in search of his girl to tell her the terrible news: "Honey, I don't know how to tell you this but... We have been robbed, we have nothing right now..."

Audrey couldn't believe it and looked at him glassy-eyed as she listened until she interrupted him: "shiiiiit, I'm not going out there naked! Do whatever it takes, ask any of the people around here for a towel, go back to the campsite or go into a store, whatever, and beg for a towel!"

James was more afraid than embarrassed to enter a public establishment fully naked. Was he supposed to explain what happened to them and just expect help? He wasn't sure if some shocked old lady could call the police and get him arrested for indecent exposure. He was also worried about leaving his girlfriend there alone, if some bastard has robbed us some pervert might show up willing to try something worse. Anyway, he was not able to find a better choice and he came back out of the water ready to do what Audrey asked him to do.

However, a strong swell was unleashed suddenly and upset the forecasts of the unfortunate couple. As soon as James turned around, he saw how a huge wave was dragging Audrey towards the shore, so he had to help her get up in front of the gazes of those who were walking by. Immediately Audrey used one hand to cover her crotch and another to cover her chubby ass, leaving her chest exposed; it was too late to return to the water, judging by the prying eyes and laughter from the crowd it was clear that everyone had realized what had happened.


