I had known Harriet for a few months, every since I took early retirement and moved to this beautiful, remote, rural spot in North Florida. She had a trailer too, but it was much larger and nicer than mine and situated on a piece of property that must have been at least double my five acres. She had been a casual acquaintance, as neighbors often are, until she had a problem with her car and I offered to take her somewhere if she needed. She took me up on it one Thursday and had me drop her at the doctors while I went to the hardware store. We met afterward and had lunch before going grocery shopping and then to the garage to pick up her car. Over lunch, she invited me to dinner at her place the following night.
As a widower living on TV dinners and sandwiches, I jumped at the opportunity. Besides she was a very attractive woman near my age, well, perhaps within ten years or so of my fifty-something. I arrived promptly at six as arranged, with a nice bottle of red wine under my arm.
She met me at the door and accepted the wine with a gracious smile and a "Welcome to my house." There was the delectable aroma of roast beef emanating from the kitchen, but it wasn't anywhere it as near delectable as the essence of perfume emanating from her. I fought back the urge to reach out and take her in my arms.
Instead I said, "Thank you very much for having me."
Perhaps it was the choice of words with the unintentional double meaning, but she gave me a funny little sideways smile and said, "You're very welcome, I think I will be glad to have you." I imagined that she added, under her breath "I hope."
The meal was delicious and was made even more enjoyable by stimulating small talk, punctuated by double meanings with sexual innuendos. Like, when I commented on the roast she said, "I love a good piece of meat." Or her remark that the mashed potatoes were soft and creamy like "other things" that were good to eat.
By the time dinner was over, I had such a hard on I was embarrassed get up and help with clearing away the dishes. Despite my attempt to hide it, I was sure she noticed. Twice she "accidentally" bumped into me with her rump. The tight little kitchen in her trailer caused us to rub against each other every time we passed.
Finally, she edged by with her back to me and I kissed her on the neck. She spun around and kissed me back with the softest lips in the world. I put my arms around her and she offered me her tongue, which I took greedily. I knew my erection was evident but didn't care. She didn't seem to mind either; in fact she seemed to be pushing hard against it.
She whispered in my ear, "Do you want to make love to me?"
She had to be joking. I don't think I ever wanted anything as much, but "Yes, of course I do," was all I could get out.
She kissed me on the cheek and said, "Pour us both a glass of wine and meet me in the bedroom." With that she left me standing in the kitchen, my erection more erect than I ever remembered.
I hurried to follow her instructions and made my way toward the bedroom within a minute or two, a glass of wine in each hand. By the time I got there she had turned most of the lights down and changed into a caftan style nightgown. The dim light, the magic of her bedroom and the heady fragrance of her perfume all combined to make the entire setting dreamily erotic. She took both glasses of wine, put them on the nightstand along side the bed and came to me, her forearms against my chest. The sensual feeling of her body, obviously nude, under the silky fabric of her nightgown was exhilarating.
I put my arms around her and she raised her head, her eyes looking deeply into mine, her lips inviting to be kissed. I did what we both wanted, my mouth covering hers, my tongue cautiously probing for acceptance. Her lips parted and I savored the warm sweet flavor of her mouth, the smoothness of her teeth but most of all her willingness to allow part of my body into hers.
I scooped her up in my arms and carried her to the bed, carefully positioning her with the pillow under her head. Her short brown hair was arranged in such a way that it looked, in the dim light, like a halo. The entire room was filled with the aura of her persona.
I bent to kiss her again but she whispered, "I need you. Please take me now."
I began to slip my polo shirt off over my head and I felt her hands undoing my belt buckle. I removed my shoes, socks, pants and underpants while she slipped out of her caftan. The soft light only went to accentuate the beauty of her body and the splendor of the moment. I was momentarily taken aback by the thought of what I was about to do with this beautiful creature. She sensed my hesitation and again whispered, "Come, lay down with me and make mad, passionate, love to me, with me."
I eased into the bed, her warm, soft body molding itself to mine, her yielding, desirable breasts burning holes into my chest, her lips offering me paradise. My hands, exploring her body found that she was, in her own way, as excited as I was. I found a warm moist spot that caused her to gasp when I touched it so I touched it again and again.
My mouth moved down from her lips to her breasts, which were waiting proudly for me. The moment I kissed one there was a sharp intake of breath followed by a soft contented purr. I kissed and suckled like a contented child for more than a few minutes. When I moved down to her navel the purr got louder and when my tongue touched her slit the purr changed to a soft, low, moan.
I was honored that she was producing a warm, delicious, nectar just for me. I lapped at this offering and was delighted that it meant the same thing to both of us. Each successive caress of my tongue was greeted by a growing crescendo of groans until she finally clamped her legs hard around my head and emitted what could be best described as an animal like whimper. As she came closer and closer to the ultimate release of passion the whimper became a whine and then a wail. At climax, her body was trembling and eventually was racked by a series of shudders.
I tried to continue extracting this wonderful liquor from her with my tongue but she pushed me away and said, "Oh my God, I can't stand it! Please stop! I am so sensitive that I need to rest a moment. That was the most complete orgasm I ever had. I want to do that to you for a while."
I know I should not argue with one so determined but what I really wanted was to feel her pussy, warm, tight and slippery around my cock, so I whispered, "You can do that later, right now I want to fuck you."
"I think I would like that," she smiled. "Come up here, lay down and let me do all the work."
Mimicking her comment I chuckled, "I think I would like that."
She crawled over and kissed me, paying no attention to the wetness from her pussy on my face, her upper torso across my chest, her breasts like soft melons, trying to bore holes into me. This time she was first to offer her tongue. I accepted and tried to do to it what I had done to her clitoris, sucking on it in the same way. Without our mouths losing contact, she put her left leg over my lap and slid backward until her bottom was in contact with my erect penis.
I couldn't believe how natural it felt when she rose and accepted it inside her warm nest. With a slight wiggle, she was able to accommodate it as easy as if we had done this many times. She began a slow, deliberate movement designed to blow my mind. The sensation of the warm sleeve of her pussy, sliding up and down, completely engulfing my cock on the down stroke and alternately going so far the other way was an experience I could never forget. My perception left me and every sense I had was concentrated in the seven inches of my penis being stroked and massaged by her magic pussy. Up and down she slid, while the rest of the world was shut out of my awareness. There was nothing in my life but her, her body and the feelings she was sharing with me. On and on she rode, every magic movement magnified by my mind.
It was a long time before the thrill of climax overtook me. With each stroke of her pussy the sensitivity of ecstasy built until I could feel the pool of semen coiling itself, ready to spew out of my grateful cock. When it finally did, each pulse added to the sensation, causing a state of euphoria that was almost unconsciousness.
It must have startled her because she said, "Ed, are you alright?"
"I don't think I have ever been better in my life."
That seemed to satisfy her but she was still wary. "Lets rest a bit before we try any thing else, OK?"
"I don't think you will get anything else out of the lower part of me for days. My cock should be put on the injured reserve list."
Now, she was alarmed again. "Oh, did I hurt you? Let me see. Maybe I can kiss it and make it better."
She did kiss it and it got better, a lot better. After three or four minutes of kissing it was as if it had never been hurt.
I had been so lost in my own fulfillment that I did not even know if she had been satisfied.
"I – ah -- did you finish?"
She laughed a little when she said. "Long before you. It was all I could do to keep going until you did."
I fell asleep with my head nestled in the crook of her arm, my mouth only inches away from her breast. Each time I moved, my lips cane into contact with her nipple. There were little bumps in the aurora that someone once told me was Braille for 'suck on me', so I did, a lot.
Sometime through the night we both woke up. It may have been my lips nuzzling her nipples or it may have been my hand doing the same thing to the lips of her pussy, but we agreed that it would be far more comfortable if I were lying on top of her with my penis tucked away in that warm, moist, spot that we had found so desirable earlier. We tried that, but it was impossible for me to hold still. Soon, we were both bouncing around in the bed like a couple of kids, delighting in the feelings that come with the pleasure of sex.
By morning we were both exhausted. It was all we could do to try it one more time after breakfast.
Before I left that afternoon, she suggested that we could have dinner at her house again the following Friday, if I was 'up' to it.
I will be "up" to it if it kills me!