The Tickle Contest
by superevil7 

Part 2 (Chapter 2) 

With the floodgates now open, Emily and I were pretty much going at it like rabid bunnies every day. It was like she couldn’t keep her hands off me! It was everything I had hoped for, and way more! I was having the time of my life! 

Em, on the other hand, still seemed to want something more. I guess she was still perturbed at me for winning the contest a few weeks ago, and had been scheming up her own devious plan. “You know, tonight we are playing Trivial Pursuit. You wanna stay?” She was asking me. 

“Sure!” I smiled at her. I’d never pass on the opportunity to spend more time with her if I could help it. 

“Great! It’ll be my whole family playing with us. My parents. My little brother and sister. So, remember to be respectful around them.” She giggled. 

“I know. I will.” I said chuckling. “It’s just so dang hard to be respectful with you around, always looking so cute like that!” 

Emily got that blush she always gets on her face whenever I mention how cute she is. “Stop it!” She giggled, slapping my shoulder a little. 

“Your parents won’t be home for another 30 minutes. Want to go up to your room for a bit?” I asked, wiggling my eyebrows at her. 

“No! We were just up there an hour ago!” She complained, while laughing at the same time. “I want to do something different.” 

“What do you mean? What do you want to do?” 

“I was thinking. How about we put a little bet on the game tonight? A small wager. Just between you and me. Whoever gets the lowest score in the game tonight has to go naked for the other one tomorrow.” 

“Hmm. I don’t know, Em. I’ve seen you naked plenty of times now. I think there should be a little more on the line than that.” 

“What were you thinking?” 

“The loser has to let the winner tie them up for one whole hour. Naked of course. And the winner gets to touch them however and wherever they please.” I could see her getting a look of worry and surprise on her face as I explained what I wanted. 

Then she got that determined look in her eye. “Alright. You’re on! You know I’m so much better than you are at Trivial Pursuit. It’s going to be so much fun tying you up and having my way with you!” 

She was right. I wasn’t very good at this game, but apparently neither was she on this occasion. The score had gone back and forth between us. At different points we were each both squarely in the lead during the game. A few times there, I got really lucky with my guesses. Her younger brother, Jimmy, ended up winning the overall game in the end. I could see that look of worry back on her face as she let me see her scorecard. Somehow, against all my luck, I had just managed to squeak a few points ahead of her at the end there. That meant I had won! Again! 

The proceedings wouldn’t be happening until tomorrow though, when we knew her parents and siblings would be gone from her house. It was hard for me to keep my excitement under control, but I think I managed for the most part. I couldn’t believe I was going to get to tie my girlfriend up, NAKED!! And do whatever I want with her for a whole hour too! She didn’t know this, but this had always been a huge fantasy of mine! 

I came over the next day, ready for some good, clean, wholesome fun. If I’m to be honest, I had hardly slept a wink the previous night. I was just too excited to get to do this with Em. She had this totally bashful look on her face as she answered the door for me. I could hardly wait to get started. “It’s nice you decided to dress up for the occasion, Emily.” She had on her Sunday best. This really hot, flared skirt, that came down just above her knees, and a shimmery silver sweater with long sleeves. Interestingly of all, was the white knee high stockings she was wearing. Damn did she look great! 

She had that cute blush back on her cheeks as she greeted me with a kiss. “I needed to feel dressed up today.” I was so tempted to add, yeah, before you get dressed down, but I held my tongue for now. There would be plenty of time for teasing her soon. 

I headed over to the couch, and kicked my feet up on the coffee table, and set down my bag. I had brought a few goodies to use on her later. She stood there in front of me, looking totally apprehensive. “Well, first things first. I can’t tie you up until you are naked.” 

I could see the reservation in her eyes as she took hold of the bottom of her top. “Shouldn’t we start the timer first?” 

“Nope. The timer doesn’t start until you are fully naked.” I gave her a smirk, seeing the way she was squirming to hear that. 

She didn’t put up a fight though, and got to it. First she pulled off her top, and then she let her skirt fall to her ankles. I was surprised to see what she had on underneath. She had on this sexy little yellow teddy that came down to her hips and flared out, and a little matching pair of panties to go along with it. I guess she wasn’t completely hating the fact that she was doing this. She gave me a big blushing smile as she straightened herself back upright, and let me look her over in her sexy lingerie. 

The teddy she was wearing had buttons on the front that ran from top to bottom, and her hands went to the top button in order to undo it. “No, wait.” I said. “Leave the rest on for now. You look really sexy. I think it’s time for me to tie you up so you can’t move anymore.” 

Her shyness came back instantly as I mentioned her being tied up. “Shouldn’t we go to my room?” She asked, sounding like her mouth was getting a little dry. 

“I think it’s better to do it here. There’s way more light, and it’s going to be so much fun knowing I’ve had my way with you right in your own parent’s living room.” I got up from the couch, motioning for her to come over. “Just lie down, Em. I’m in charge from here on out.” I could see a little shudder flow through her body as she heard me, but she complied, lying prone on the couch. 

I produced a few strands of nylon rope from the bag I brought, and I already had a couple slip knots on the ends of each one. Two for her hands, and two for her feet. Starting near her head, I secured the rope tightly to the legs underneath the couch, and then ran them up the side. She had to put her hand above her head to reach, and then I slipped one of her wrists at a time through the openings, and pulled the knot tight. “That ok?” I asked her. “Not too tight?” 

“No. It feels fine.” She answered, but I could hear how nervous she was. I didn’t even need to look at her. 

With her hands now secure, I quickly did the same for her feet. We now both knew she was trapped there until I decided to let her go. This was gonna be fun! 

“Emily, go ahead and try to get yourself free.” I couldn’t help grinning at her a little, knowing it was impossible. 

She gave a few pulls on the ropes, and tried reaching one hand over to the other, but it was futile as I had made sure to keep her hands completely separated from one another. The rope didn’t even reach that far. Then she tried to use one of her stocking covered toes to get in between her ankle and the rope, but the knot was too tight of a fit. We both knew that she now had no question as well, that she would not be able to get herself loose without my help. I now had her exactly where I wanted her. “So, you can’t break free?” Now I could begin the teasing. 

“No…” She looked up at me with those adorable baby blue eyes of hers. 

“Your arms are secured up above your head, and your ankles are tied in place as well, and there’s absolutely no way you can stop me from doing whatever I want with you?” I smirked as she squirmed. 

“No… I don’t think I can…” I could see her swallowing hard. 

“So then, what should I do with you first…?” I paced back and forth a few times. It was all a bit of theatrics to build up her anticipation, and maybe a bit of her dread too, as I already had everything I was going to do to her all planned out. 

“The timer…!” She quickly said, realizing her hour hadn’t officially started yet. 

“Oh, thanks for reminding me, honey, but you know the timer doesn’t start until your clothes are completely off.” I couldn’t contain my grin as she realized I had caught her in my little trap. Now she knew I could have my way with her for as long as I wanted, as long as she still had her clothes on at least. Then I would still have a whole hour to do with her as I pleased while she was totally bare! 

The look of absolute horror she got on her face was one of the most cute things I’ve probably ever seen. I menacingly stalked closer to her, giving her the wickedest grin I could give her. “Now what should I start with first?” Panic and dread were written all over her as I knelt down beside her. “I know. I’ll start with your favorite!” She gave a few tugs at her bonds as I slipped my hands up her sexy little teddy. 

“NO! ERICK!” She yelled and squealed, as my fingers tickled the soft skin on her tummy. She was thrashing about, this way and that, trying her best to get away from me. Her restraints were preventing her from going anywhere, however. She even tried to turn onto her side, away from me, but I just kept right on tickling her sweet little belly, making her fidget and wiggle delightfully. At least delightfully for me. 

“PLEASE ERICK!” She was reaching that begging point now. I could feel it. God how I loved to hear her beg for me to stop tickling her. “PLEASE!! I CAN’T!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!! NO! NO MORE!! HAHAHAHAHA! PLEASE JUST TAKE MY CLOTHES OFF!! PLEASE!! I’LL DO ANYTHING!!” 

“You really want me to take your clothes off?” Gosh it’s so much fun to make her giggle. 

“IF IT WILL… HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! STOP THE TICKLING… HAHAHAHA!! YES!!” 

She was getting to that point where she could hardly breath, so I knew she needed a break anyway. I stopped and let her have a chance to catch her breath. “I suppose I might be persuaded to stop tickling you, but what are you willing to offer in return?” 

“What more could you want?” She asked, still panting. “You already have me tied up… And you’re going to take my clothes off…” 

“I was thinking, my place could use a good cleaning. I think I could stop the tickling for a little while, if you agree to clean it for me from top to bottom.” 

“I guess I could do that…” Some of her hair had gotten on her face, and she tried to use her lips to blow it out of the way. I reached over and brushed it out of the way for her. 

“Oh, but you didn’t let me finish. I want you to clean my place from top to bottom, but I want you to do it completely naked.” I gave her a devilish grin, as she looked up at me in stunned silence. 

“No, I can’t do that!!” She finally exploded in outrage. 

“Fine. Back to tickling then.” I didn’t even wait for a response, and immediately dug my fingers into her sides 

“NO!!! GOD, ERICK!!! PLEASE!!! HAHAHAHAHA!!! FUCK!!!” She squealed and yelled, and tried to kick and thrash, but the bindings were holding her in place really well. 

“You might as well give up now. I can do this all day.” I told her. 

“GOD!!! HAHAHAHAHA!! FINE!! HAHAHA!! I’LL CLEAN YOUR PLACE NAKED!!!” She yelled, so I stopped. 

“Good. I think you’ve earned a 10 minute break for now.” I smirked down at her, enjoying the perturbed brow she was giving me. I went and sat down across from her, watching her as she tried to catch her breath once again. 

“This isn’t fair!” She complained. “I never agreed to making more deals!” 

“You never said I couldn’t.” I countered, and she just pouted. 

After a few minutes, I went over to undo the bottom button on her teddy. “You’re going to take my clothes off now?” She seemed to be both hopeful and petrified as she stared up at me. 

“Oh no. Just this button for now. You see, once the 10 minutes are up, I’m going to start tickling you all over again. And inevitably, you’re going to start begging me to stop. Making grand offers, or agreeing to anything I want. Then I’ll let you take another little break, and pop open another button for you. This is going to go on for a while. I mean, you have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 buttons in total.” I counted each one as I pointed. “That’s a lot of things I can get you to agree to do for me.” 

“You bastard!” She almost spat, but then got an apologetic look on her face. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that…” 

“It’s ok, Em.” I smiled down at her. “I probably am a bit of a bastard for doing this to you. But that isn’t going to change anything or stop me. Now are you ready for more tickling?” 

“No!” She shouted at me, but I wasn’t really asking for permission. Now it was easier, as her tummy was just barely starting to show with the one button open. I had her squealing for me to stop again in a minute. 

“What do I get this time?” I gave her a smug grin, as she made a long face at me. I thought it might be a bit of fun to make her pick out her forfeit this time. 

“I don’t know…?” She seemed to contemplate for a bit. “What if I offered to take a shower in front of you?” 

“I don’t know, that’s not really worth one of your buttons, you know. I think you need more tickling to help you think.” 

“No! No!” She said quickly, trying her hardest to come up with something better before I pounced on her again. “Everyday for a week!” She said. 

“Everyday for a week, what?” I know I was tormenting her, but it was just so much fun to do. 

“I’ll take a shower in front of you every day this week…” She answered weakly. 

“That’s a pretty good offer, but I think I need to change it a little. With your parents around and your siblings, I might not be able to watch you everyday. How about instead I get to watch you in the shower any time I want, 7 times in total.” 

“Ok…” She just answered, seemingly resigned. 

“I think that’s worth another button.” I said, opening the next one from the bottom. I could tell she wasn’t wearing a bra underneath, and I wanted to prolong her agony as I came closer each time to her boobs. “You know, you could always offer something a bit better, and I might agree to undo two buttons at once.” I smirked at her. 

I made another movement to start up the next round of tickling, but she didn’t even give me the chance this time. “I’ll give you one blowjob a day for the next month!” She called out quickly. 

“Now there’s a good offer.” I said with glee. This was turning into everything I had wanted and more, and I didn’t even have her naked for me yet! “I guess that’s worth one button.” 

I reached over to undo it, but she stopped me, complaining, “Come on! That’s gotta be worth at least two!” 

“Well, if you want two buttons undone, why don’t you just double the offer?” 

“Ok. Ok.” She let out a small sigh. “Two months.” 

“Two months, what?” I couldn’t keep the smirk off my face anymore at this point. I know I was tormenting her, but come on, it was so fun! 

“I’ll give you a blowjob anytime you want for the next two months.” She answered, looking very annoyed now. 

“Wow, Em!” I quickly reached over and popped open the next two buttons on her top. I didn’t want her to realize and be able to back out, before I said, “That’s way more than enough to earn you two buttons! Blowjobs for me anytime I want for the next two months!” 

Her eyes went wide when she suddenly realized her mistake. “That’s not what I meant! I just meant one a day!” 

“Sorry, the buttons are already open. A deals a deal.” I couldn’t help chuckling at the frustration on her face. “Do you have another deal in mind?” 

“Well, I uh…” Her frustration quickly disappeared, as she tried to think real hard. “I mean, I don’t know?” 

“Well then, I guess it’s time for more tickling! I know how well it helps you to think!” I got back down on my knees, tracing my fingers over her deliciously cute little belly. I don’t know what I like better honestly, tickling her bare tummy, or licking it. It’s such a tough question… 

“NO!! GOD, ERICK!! PLEASE!!! HAHAHAHA!! SHIT!!! HAHAHAHA!! FUCKING…!!! HAHAHAHA!!” She was giggling under my manipulations in no time. “PLEASE, CAN’T YOU SUGGEST SOMETHING!!?” She begged through her laughter. 

I still wasn’t done tickling her. It was too much fun watching the way her tummy kept raising and lowering back down to the couch as she writhed around for me. I was just going to let her think about it for a little while longer, when suddenly there was a knock at the door. “Well, now how could that be?” 

Panic crossed her face, as she saw me getting up. “Wait, Erick!” She called after me. 

“Don’t worry. I’ll see who it is for you. I know you’re a little tied up right at the moment.” I couldn’t stop laughing as I headed to the door. I peeked out the peephole first, just to make sure nothing was amiss. Outside I could see Emily’s best friend, along with her boyfriend standing on the stoop. 

“Stacy, Bryan, hey. How are you today?” The view of the living room from Emily’s front door was obscured, so I knew they couldn’t see her as they peered in at me, but I did know we were close enough that Emily could totally hear us talking, and knew exactly who was at the door. 

“Emily said I could come pick up the book I loaned her today.” Stacy explained. 

“Really?” I couldn’t help having a mischievous thought. “Today, of all the days Emily could have invited you over to retrieve your book? She chose to invite you over on this day of all days?” 

“Why are you talking like that? Are you ok, Erick?” Stacy asked me, looking a little confused. 

“Oh, I’m just fantastic!” I turned to face my girlfriend’s general direction, shouting a little to make sure she could hear me clearly. “Oh honey! Stacy and her boyfriend have come over to visit!” Then I turned back to our visitors and said with a sly grin, “Emily’s just hanging out in the living room. I’m sure she’ll be ecstatic to see you! Come on in!” 

“ERRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIICK!!!!” I heard Emily’s panicked scream. 


The Tickle Contest - Part 3

“Oh honey! Stacy and her boyfriend have come over to visit!” I turned back to our visitors and said with a sly grin, “Emily’s just hanging out in the living room. I’m sure she’ll be ecstatic to see you! Come on in!”

“ERRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIICK!!!!” I heard Emily’s panicked scream.

Everyone was stunned and silent for a bit when we walked in. There was Emily, prone and vulnerable, tied up with her arms pulled above her head, in her sexy lingerie on the couch. Her little teddy was halfway unbuttoned, and it left her cute little tummy bare. Our two friends just stared at her with shock and wide eyed wonder while their mouths hung open.

Me, I was tickled pink! Maybe it was cruel of me to invite them in, but the doom on Em's face was absolutely priceless. I wouldn't have given up seeing that look on her face for the world!

Stacy had always been the more bold and outgoing of the two girls, so it didn't take her long to figure out what the two of us had been up to, at least in the general sense. "Emily," she giggled, "you look so cute and precious!"

"Erick, you can't do this!!" Emily begged. "You have to tell them to leave!! Please!!!?" She started thrashing about again, trying to get her hands free like her life depended on it.

"You never said I couldn't invite anyone." I gave her another wicked grin.

"What were you guys doing?" Bryan finally broke his silence. He still seemed to be stunned.

"We were just playing a little game." I explained.

"What kind of game?" Stacy's smirk was just about as big as mine. Besides myself, she was the only one who knew just how shy Emily had always been about people seeing her body.

"Emily needs to convince me to take her clothes off, but in order to do that she needs to agree to do something I want. I've already gotten so many good things from her, and all for agreeing to undo those four little buttons on her teddy. I wonder what she'd be willing to do, in order to get the rest of her sexy underwear off? Don't you guys?"

"What if she doesn't offer something you want?" Stacy asked.

"Oh, well, I've been tickling her in order to help her think more clearly. It seems to really get her noggin joggin’." I couldn't even contain my laughter at that.

"Oh my gosh!" Stacy seemed to skip over to Emily, bending over to look at her closely. Emily just turned three different shades of red, one by one. "Do you think Bryan and I could stay and spectate this little game?" She looked back at me with a hopeful and amused grin.

"I don't know, guys. This game is kind of a private affair for just the participants." I could see a bit of disappointment on both their faces as I said this, until I added, "Of course, if you guys agree to participate then I don't see why you can't stay."

"ERRRIIIICK!!!" Emily shouted at me again, in shock.

Stacy just ignored Emily's plea for mercy. "So what do we do?"

"Well right now I'm working on Emily's buttons for her. She really wants all of them open so desperately. She'll do practically anything to get them open. She still has four buttons left."

"What did she agree to do in order to get you to open the other ones? It'll help me know how much I should negotiate for myself." Stacy asked.

I was about to explain, but then had another naughty thought. "Em, why don't you explain what you’ve agreed to do, for our friends?"

"No, Erick! Come on! I can't tell them that stuff!!!" She exclaimed, looking like she wanted to be anywhere but here at the moment.

"Go on, Em. You better tell Stacy what I got from you, or she'll probably take things a lot farther than I have." We both knew Stacy pretty well. That was absolutely true what I had just said, and Emily knew it even better than I did.

Stacy swirled her forefinger a few times around Emily's cute exposed belly button, making her giggle a little. "Come on, Em. Tell your bestie what you're gonna do for your boyfriend."

"Well, I agreed to clean his place from top to bottom…" Her cheeks were getting that cute red blush again.

"That's not the whole thing." I teased, knowing it would torment Emily to admit everything.

"I have to clean it naked…" she admitted in a small voice, then shut her eyes and grimaced a little.

"Oh my goodness!" Stacy just laughed and laughed.

"Woah! Dude! How'd you get her to agree to do that?" Bryan asked me.

Dude, keep up, I thought, but explained it to him again. "Emily is just so dang ticklish all over her cute little body. It only takes me a minute or two to have her begging me for mercy. Of course with her tied up she can't do anything to stop it, besides agreeing to do what I want."

"Don't go getting any ideas, Bryan!" Stacy gave him just a tiny scowl for a second, before she turned back to her best friend. "Now what will you give me if I open another one of your buttons for you?"

"Please, Erick! You can't let our friends see me naked!" Emily turned her head to me, and pleaded.

"So explain to me why you invited Stacy over to get her book today of all days? Did you invite her before or after you lost the bet last night?"

"Well I invited her this morning, but I didn't think she would show up while this was going on!!" I guess Emily wanted to hold on to her plausible deniability. I didn't believe her for one second. She had to have known her friend would show up while she was tied up and naked. I guess she was lucky she was still in her underwear. "You have to make them leave!"

"Now, now, Emily. You know it's not polite to turn away guests. Since Stacy and Bryan are going to stay, it's only sensible to let them join our little game." Maybe I was being a bit cruel, but she honestly brought this on herself. "Now explain the other things I got for undoing your other buttons for you."

I could see a bit of defeat in her eyes as she explained. "I agreed to let him watch me take a shower whenever he wants. Well, seven times in total, and I said I would…" she clammed up. Obviously this would be the hardest one to admit out loud.

"What!?" Stacy demanded her to continue. If I didn't know better, it looked to me like she was starting to pant as she stared down at her tied up best friend.

"I have to give him a blowjob anytime he wants for the next two months…" Emily had to avert her eyes as she said this, and she was so quiet she sounded like she was whispering.

"Oh my god!" Stacy squealed in delight, giggling uncontrollably. "That is so wicked, Erick! I didn't know you had something like that in you!"

I couldn't help blushing myself a little, and rubbed the back of my neck. "Uh, thanks."

Thankfully the attention wasn't on me for long. "Now what are you going to offer for me to undo one of your cute little buttons, Em? Hmmmmmm?" Stacy sang her humming, as she stared down at her friend.

"I don't know…?" Em said, but that was a big mistake. Stacy quickly dug the fingers of her left hand into Emily’s bare, vulnerable side. “NOOOO!!! HAHAHAHAHA!! SHIIIT!!! HAHAHAHAHA!!”

“Oow! Yes, Emi-wee!! So, so tick-wool-lish!! Such a good girl for me!!” Stacy spoke to her as if she was speaking to a toddler. “If you can’t think of anything, I’ll just have to come up with something by myself!” Stacy was loving every bit of teasing her friend.

“NOOOO!!! HEHEHEHEHE!!! PLEASE, ERICK!!! HAHAHAHA!!! PLEASE DON’T LET HER DECIDE!!!”

“I’m sorry, Em, it seems to be out of my hands at the moment.” I said, with a shrug and a grin to her. Although I doubt she could see straight anymore.

“FU–HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! PLEASE!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! Ok!!! HAHAHA!!!! WHAT DO YOU WANT!!!?” Even if I wasn’t the one doing the tickling, it was still awesome to watch. Emily kept thrashing about, twisting her head back and forth, this way and that. She was trying everything she could do to get the tickling to stop, but she had no choice but to take it. Gawd, now this was entertainment!

“I have an idea, babe!” Bryan spoke up next to me. He had just been watching the proceedings thus far.

“What are you thinking, sweetie?” Stacy looked back at him with a devilish grin, while her fingers still danced all over Emily’s cute bare tummy and exposed sides.

“FU–HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! FUCK!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! STAC–HEHEHEHEHEHEHE!!!!” Emily was still squealing as loud as ever!

“We have the barbecue coming up for memorial day for my fraternity. What if Emily acted as a cocktail waitress for the party?” explained Bryan.

“THAT…!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! DOESN’T SOUND SO…!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! BAD!!!” I could tell Em was getting to that point where she needed a breather again.

I told Stacy to back off a bit. “Let’s huddle up and discuss this.” I waited for them to gather close to me, so I could whisper to them without Emily hearing what I said. “We need to make this good. Something she’s never going to forget.”

“I was thinking she would wear what she’s wearing now at the party.” Bryan explained with a grin.

Stacy shook her head. “No way! I vote she has to do it in a sexy little push up bra, and a thong!”

“Actually, I think I have the perfect idea.” I told them, and then turned to address my tied and bound girlfriend. “We will agree to undoing the rest of your buttons, if you agree to work as a cocktail waitress for Bryan’s fraternity party. But, as an added condition, you will change outfits three times. One for each of us.”

Emily gave a sharp gasp at that, really having to consider what that meant. I’m sure it bothered her that we weren’t going to disclose what outfits she would have to wear to the party. “For all four buttons?” It was always so cute the way she furrowed her brow when she was considering something. I nodded my head. “At long as I’m not seen naked at the party, then I will agree.”

“Good, Em!” I walked up to her, ready to undo the rest of her buttons. We were close enough now, that we could whisper to one another. “Enjoying yourself?”

“No! Why won’t you make them leave!?” She complained to me.

“That’s not what your cute nippies are saying.” I gave her a little wink, and a laugh. She took a look down at herself, discovering the way the fabric of her teddy was poking out, and turned that nice shade of crimson I loved so much again. “You can cut the little act. I know you invited Stacy over today, to catch you like this.”

“What!? Why would I…?”

“Oh, I’m sure you never meant for her to be involved in the fun, or for Bryan to tag along with her, but you brought this all on yourself, Emily. I think I’m really starting to get to know you. The real you, deep down inside.” I placed my hand on her chest, and started to pop open the remaining buttons. “And now our friends are going to get to know you just about as well as I do.” She just shut her eyes and gave a little shiver in response to me. Yeah, she totally wants this.

Now with her teddy split open, a nice wide strip of her skin was visible from the top of her panties, following along the path of her bare tummy, up her cleavage, and all the way up to her neck and head. Her breasts were still covered, but now if she made any major movements there was no way that teddy was going to stay put for long. I wanted so badly to just reach out and start tickling her right then, so that her delicious pokie nipples would be exposed to everyone, but I contained myself for now. That wouldn’t be fair to Em, and the little game we were playing either. Her perfect pair and beautiful pink nipples would soon be bare, I just needed to be patient.

“Well, Em, you finally got all 8 of your buttons undone. Now things are getting more high stakes, since I’m sure you're just dying to get your teddy, and those little yellow panties off your sexy little body.” I explained, giving out two guests a big grin. “Now, you seem to be completely out of ideas, which is fine. I’m sure our guests have plenty of ideas of their own.”

“Oh yes! I have so many, many ideas for little Emily here!” Stacy exclaimed. “Why, she could be my naked slave for a year! Or she could have to blow all the guys in Bryan’s fraternity! Or, I know, she should have to do her morning jog around the neighborhood completely naked from now on!”

“WHAT!!? NO!!! NO!!!! NO!!!” Emily shouted, looking pretty frightened.

“I’m just teasing you, little girl!” Stacy giggled in delight at her outburst. “You’re so easy to rile up! Ok, here’s my real deal, I’ll trade you your stockings, for letting us tie you up in different positions, anytime we want today.”

“It’s only supposed to last for one hour after I’m… naked…” Emily gave her a pitifully sad little whimper.

“When do your parents get back?”

“About 5?”

“Well, how about until 3 pm?” It was only 11 am now, so that would extend things out quite a bit for poor Emily. Not that I was complaining.

“I guess… Yes, I’ll take the deal.”

I decided to interject myself here. "But you need to be naked and tied up for me for one hour, as our original deal stipulated. If you're not naked by 2 pm today, then you'll have to do a make up session at a later time and date. At my discretion." It was so adorable the way her eyes went wide at me, but she gave a little nod of understanding.

“Goodie!” Stacy clapped, and skipped over to relieve Emily of her stockings. She had to undo the ankle ropes in order to get them off, but Emily didn’t even put up a fight. She just allowed it to happen and for Stacy to secure her feet again.

"I already have another deal for you, Em, if you are ready." Stacy was really starting to get pretty giggly. "Well I think I would like some cute maid service for myself as well. How about you come over to my apartment tomorrow, and you can dress up as a cute little French maid while you make breakfast for the three of us. For the rest of this week as well!"

"That's not so bad I guess." Emily got a bit of a relieved smile.

"Uh uh! Not so fast! Each day you come over, your uniform is going to be missing more and more of its components. Your skirt might be shorter one day, or your top might be missing the cups. Oh, and you're not allowed to wear anything underneath!" Stacy gave her a big wicked smirk.

"Why does everything have to be about me being naked!!!?" Emily complained.

"I guess all of us think you're super cute, and petty hot stuff too!" Stacy gushed, and Em just blushed deeply. "Oh, and on the last day I'm going to be inviting one other special guest to our little brunch gathering."

"NO WAY!!!! I'M NOT AGREEING TO THAT!!!! It's bad enough you two are going to see me naked today!!!" Emily shouted, shaking her head back and forth wildly. I know Bryan and I perked up, since she was swaying herself in a way that was almost revealing everything hidden under that sexy, almost wide open, yellow teddy of hers.

"Oh Emily!?" Sang Stacy. "Did you forget that I just uncovered those cute little feet of yours, with your adorable little baby toes, all so sweet and so sensitive!? Or how about those soles of yours, that are now just wide open to any kind of attack I want to give you!?"

"Don't you dare, Stacy! Don't you dare!!!"

"Hey Stacy." I said, remembering some of the goodies I had brought with me. "Maybe you might like to use something from here."

I held the bag open for her to peek inside. "Ooowww! What's that one for!?" Stacy giggled in wonder.

I held my finger up to my lips. "It's a secret. For later." I winked at her, making her laugh in delicious delight. She chose her instrument of torture and hoped back over to stand at Emily's bare feet.

She held her hands behind her back, not letting Emily get a good look at whatever it was she had chosen. "I'm going to give you to the count of 3, and then I'm going to tickle the shit out of your sweet little feet! 1…"

"No! I won't do it!" Em proclaimed.

"2…"

"I'm serious, Stace!! This is too far!!"

"3!!!"

"Erick don't you dare let her get away with– SWEET JESUS!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!" Stacy had chosen the feather duster, and now she was dusting the bare soles and in between the toes of Emily's dainty feet! Twisting and turning in an instant to find any relief she could, Emily's top was now no longer doing its job! Her breasts were exposed to our feasting eyes, and Bryan and myself just drank in the sight. They were bouncing and jiggling and jumping every which way! It was a real sight to behold!

"Oh my goodness, Emily! You seem to be having quite the wardrobe malfunction!" Stacy gave a loud laugh, never one to miss a teasing opportunity it seemed. She never let up on the torment to her feet either.

Emily looked down at her now bared breasts in panic. "NO!! HAHAHAHAHA!!! YOU CAN'T LOOK AT ME LIKE THIS!! HAHAHAHAHA!!! PLEASE!! HAHAHAHA!!! PLEASE DON'T LOOK AT ME!! HAHAHA!!! PLEASE FIX MY TOP!! HAHAHAHAHA!! AT LEAST FIX MY TOP!!" The more she panicked about her exposure, the more wildly she trashed and jerked and squirmed about. It just made the show she was putting on for us that much better!

"What do you mean, Em? I thought you wanted to be naked? Isn't that what you are asking us to do? To take all your clothes off for you?" Stacy just taunted.

"NO!!! PLEASE DON'T LOOK AT ME!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!! DON'T LET THEM LOOK AT ME LIKE THIS!!!! HEHEHEHEHEHE!!"

"Tell you what, I'll fix your top for you if you agree to everything in my deal." Stacy explained.

"OK!!! OK!!! YOU WIN!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!"

"Ok, Emily." Stacy gave a superior smirk down at her best friend, letting her catch her breath for a bit. She did reach over, and disappointingly for us guys, she fixed the sides of Em's teddy so her boobs were covered again.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Em asked her best friend, noticing the smug smirk she was giving her.

"Oh nothing!" Stacy seemed to be shivering in delight now. "It's just, if you're so worried about your pretty little boobs showing to the boys, then that really leaves me with only one option."

"Huh?" Em gave another cute furrow of her brow, before realization kicked in. "No! No! Not that! You can't take that! Not yet!!"

Stacy just hooked her fingers into the band of Emily's sexy panties. "Oh yes, Em!! What else am I supposed to take!?"

Emily let out a loud squeal, as her panties began their descent down her hips. "No!! No!! Take the teddy!!! Take the teddy!!!"

Stacy gave a mischievous little giggle. "Oh, but I just fixed it for you! You were so shy about showing your boobies to the boys! I think it's best I take your panties instead!"

"But you'll all see me!!! See my…!!! Down there!!! You can't!!!!"

"I thought you wanted to get naked for us, Em! You must want the boys to see your pretty little lips down there too!" She put a pause to the descent for a second, getting another mischievous look on her face. She came around, and stood between us and Emily on the couch, I guess to block our view, then I could see her lifting Emily's panties away from her front to check inside. "Why Emily!!!" Stacy almost shrieked, giggling uncontrollably. Then she leaned over to whisper in her ear.

Emily's cheeks turned bright tomato red, listening to whatever her friend was telling her. I didn't even need to hear it. It was totally obvious to me what she was saying. Emily was enjoying every single bit of this, and her best friend had just found the proof!!

