James walked to the refrigerator to get more ice, whistling as he went. Alec was back -- Alec was better. He'd been cautiously optimistic before, but over the past few days, he'd become sure.

The day before had settled it. He'd seen the look in Alec eyes while he was shaving him. Lust. Need. He was willing to bet he'd been hard under the cast.

Interest in sex was a very good sign. Not that he could do anything about it; not without risking hurting Alec. And besides, he hadn't wanted to embarrass him by saying anything.

He scooped out the cup of ice and went back into the room. And found Alec breathing heavily, in some kind of distress.

He hurried to his side. Only to find him holding his hand six inches above the mattress. His eyes were narrowed, his breath tight with concentration.

"What are you doing?" James asked, puzzled and a bit worried.

"Exercising. Tired of this." Alec let his hand drop back to the bed. "I can't even hold my own hand up for two bloody minutes. It's pathetic."

"Alec, shh. You just need to be patient -- " That, he realized immediately, was the wrong thing to say.

"For how long. Weeks? Months?" He glared up at the ceiling, as if it had personally offended him. "Is this what I have to look forward to?"

"You've had to do rehab before."

"For an arm or a leg. Not for ... everything."

"But you have done it. It'll take a little longer, but you will get better." He touched Alec's cheek. "And it won't even be that much longer, if you rehab everything at once."

"Right." He still didn't sound convinced. "And what if it doesn't work? What if nothing works?"

"What do you mean?"

"What if -- what if it was too much? Too much broken, too much damaged?" His voice cracked. "James, what if I end up a cripple? Or worse?"

"You're not -- Alec, don't -- " Don't be silly, he'd been about to say, but stopped himself just in time. "Don't worry. The doctor said you'd be fine."

"And what is the doctor's definition of 'fine'?" he demanded. "Survival? A wheelchair?" He jerked his good hand in a sharp, angry arc. "What if this all I have to look forward to -- a bed, and a view of the ceiling!"

"No, Alec, she said you would recover. That you would walk again. There was no damage to the spinal cord, the bones are healing well."

"That's exactly what you'd say if -- if I -- " He pressed his lips together for a moment before speaking. "If I was going to be crippled for life."

"Alec, no." He put one hand on Alec's cheek, the other on his chest. "Alec, I swear to you -- "

"What the hell's the point?" Alec asked. He squeezed his eyes shut. "Death would be better -- you might as well have just let that antenna fall on me."

"Alec -- please. Listen to me." He couldn't lose him again. Not now. Not after he'd had him back. He couldn't bear it --

Inspiration hit. "If you won't listen to me -- will you listen to the doctor? She can take x-rays, she'll show you how well you're healing."

"All right," Alec said, sounding resigned.

"I'll be back in -- " he looked at the watch. It was two; plenty of time to catch her at her clinic.

But then he looked at the digital alarm clock; it was two in the morning. "I'll be back in a few hours, all right? I'll have to kick her out of bed."

"You don't have to," Alec mumbled. "It doesn't matter -- "

"Yes. It does. Alec, please don't go away again." He turned back for a moment, pulled Alec's hand against his chest. "I couldn't bear it."

"I'll be here." The corner of his mouth twisted in a parody of a smile. "Where would I go?"

James felt nausea twist his stomach. He didn't want to leave Alec -- but if he didn't get the doctor, if he didn't make Alec believe that he was going to walk again, he might lose him anyway; forever, this time. "I'll be back as soon as I can."

"All right." He winced. "But don't forget to get chewable aspirin while you're there."

"Don't worry. I'm sure the doctor has some." If not -- well, he'd figure something out. Even if he had to break into the chemist's shop.

He'd do anything, to keep Alec happy -- to keep Alec with him.

He snatched the keys from the table, scrambled up the ladder, and picked his way across the rubble to the car. Even with the uneven footing, he was nearly at a run by the time he reached it.