The Awakening Of Angie
by Fantasyballer

The Awakening Of Angie Ch. 05

‘Three Times A Lady' by Angie.

Over a period of time working the floor at The Pleasure Palace strip club I had gotten many, many offers for sex OTC, meaning 'outside the club'. I was always wary of these offers even though we were usually talking substantial sums because I could get fired from the club if found out and you were vulnerable to who knows what out alone. I never went for it. Still I felt like I was steering into the unknown and my senses were on high alert.

One day three guys came in late in the afternoon and sat next to the middle of the runway and the first time I danced near them they filled my G-string with cash and asked me to stop by when I was done. They never took their eyes off me and when the song ended I walked over and sat at the table. There were introductions all around and it turned out they were all roommates, I'm guessing around 25 to 35.

They handed out copious compliments that I was by far the hottest girl on the day shift or any shift and I was, in fact, the reason they had come in this particular day. While they were talking I used a move I'd learned from one of the other dancers, putting my hands on two of the guy's thighs next to me and running my fingers back and forth, encouraging one of them to take me private.

Turns out they needed no encouragement.

"We came here today", said Sam, the oldest one, "because we talked and I know this is a little weird but we all agreed we want you to come to our house and would be willing to pay you well for your time."

Now I know how this sounded; three men obviously wanting to have a complete sex romp with me in a private home. Hmmmm. On the surface it screamed absolutely 'no' but Sam put it so charmingly and up front that I listened. One of the things I had wanted to try anyway was multiple partners and this certainly fit the bill.

"Jazmine, we want you to take on all three of us together for two hours and we want liberal privileges as to what we want to do but if at any time you get uncomfortable with anything we will stop whatever it is. We're going to want to role play a bit, or maybe you handle two of us while one watches or however it naturally flows. Oh, and this is important. I need to know you're comfortable with anal too. We will have outfits for you to wear and for that we'll pay you fifteen hundred for the two hours."

I was stunned at what this might entail and more than a little worried but, surprising myself, right away I questioned the amount. "Considering what you're asking, fifteen hundred sounds low. Make it two thousand and I'll start to think about it." I put it at an amount I was sure would end the conversation.

But they were so excited that I might say 'yes' that one look between them was enough to get a go ahead on my price demand. "Let me consider your offer for the rest of my shift today and I'll give you an answer but let me ask you, why me? You could find a much cheaper escort to do all the things you want."

"First of all, other than a lap dance none of us has ever paid for sex or do we have sex with anyone other than our girlfriends. We didn't even come up with this idea until over dinner last night when we were talking about the sexiest and most beautiful women we've ever seen. That's when Cory (pointing to one of the other two guys) suggested you and then, comparing notes we realized that we all felt the same way. The times we've been here none of us can take our eyes off of you, but we decided we wanted more of an experience than a VIP dance. We're not just asking anybody, we're asking you. We want something we'll never forget."

I took a cell number from Sam and told him I'd text an answer by ten that evening. They all thanked me and walked out. On the way Cory slipped a fifty into my G-string.

The rest of the day I ran it through my head, at times thinking it was crazy but other times how it turned me on that I was considered that desirable. In practical terms I'd be fucking three guys and I wanted to try it. Maybe I'd be overwhelmed and unable to handle it or maybe I'd love every minute of it. They were three pretty good looking guys who wanted to have me at any cost. I felt hotter than shit.

My husband, David, and I had dinner, talked about his job (he didn't want to talk about mine), what friends we might hang with on the weekend and other assorted minutiae. For the first time I could see that my full out adventure with sex and my home life were clearly at odds and the compartmentalization was getting emotionally harder to handle. I just craved being the object of lust and when I was home it felt like being on hold till my hunger could be satisfied again. Maybe there really was such a thing as nymphomania.

At about 9:30 I went upstairs to the bathroom and texted Sam: 'Yes, I'll do it but these are my terms. I want $3,000, has to be a weekday, no cameras, no anal.' I was a little skittish about the anal just because David and I had only done it once.

Sam immediately replied, 'Agreed to price, day and no cameras but must have anal. One more thing, Tim's girlfriend found out about this and wants to watch.'

I wasn't completely comfortable with the anal idea but this was about stepping out of my comfort zone. I decided I really needed this to happen now and it was all about risk. I couldn't seem to price myself out of reach so I texted back that I wanted half in advance by the Tuesday before (delivered to me at the club) and I agree to anal and everything stated, even Tim's girlfriend watching.'

'Agreed,' he quickly texted back. 'How about next Thursday at 1pm? We'll provide directions and we need your clothing sizes.'

I texted back my sizes and put my phone down. I started imagining what this would be like and before I had left the bathroom I'd masturbated to climax. Just then David passed by the closed bathroom door asking if I'd "fallen in."

i had upped the stakes. i was exchanging money for sex. There was no other way to put it. i was now officially a prostitute, and a high priced one at that. i was out of my head excited.

I had a week to wait and all I did was anticipate going there and getting my brains fucked out of my head by some very horny guys. I wondered who wanted this more, them or me? I was turned on by the thought of a foursome. I was hot to be their dress up doll and make their fantasies come true. I imagined them jerking off just thinking of doing me. It was strangely empowering.

When Thursday came around I was nothing but raw nerves but I also knew by now that once I was there I'd lose myself in all of it. I already told the strip club I'd be off that day and I left for their home at 11:45am per the directions Sam texted me. Sam offered drinks beforehand if I came prior to the agreed upon start time.

Once I got to the neighborhood I realized these guys had money to burn. The house was huge and in a very exclusive part of the city. Maybe I should have said five thousand?

Sam answered the door and with a hug invited me into their home where I said hello to Cory, Tim and his girlfriend, Tina. Tina was a stunning blonde with a killer athletic hardbody, beautiful legs and a great personality who somehow was down with what they were doing. There had to be some kinky there for her to be an interested voyeur especially when it involved me fucking her boyfriend. One look at her and I suddenly wondered about the idea of sex with another woman.

By the time I had downed the second martini I was pretty loose and ready to take on the boys. Sam led me to the bedroom and showed me the outfits they had laid out on the bed, carefully chosen based on their collective fantasies. "We're leaving it to you which outfit you choose but we reserve the right to direct the action each time you come out in a new one. You can do any hair and makeup you wish in the ensuite. Personally, I'm partial to you starting with the schoolgirl look."

He patted me on the ass and went back out to the living room. I slipped out of my dress and into the white blouse, short pleated plaid skirt, and white tennis shoes that comprised the schoolgirl look, even doing my hair in pigtails. I looked so incredibly fucking hot. Also, for each look there was a corresponding name that I would use and it and the general setup were written out and placed next to the costume. Not surprisingly this one said "Britney".

SCHOOLGIRL

"Hi, guys," I said naively when I walked out, "the principal told me I should see a couple of the players because you needed inspiration for the big game tomorrow night." I was totally into the role play. "How can I help?"

"Britney, why don't you come over here and sit on my lap and we'll explain what would help the team," Sam said. I walked over and sat on his lap and felt his erection already. "The guys on the team need some help getting it 'up' for the game (I giggled) and wondered what you could do", he said as he unbuttoned my blouse and fondled my breasts. At the same time, Cory came over and pulled out his hard dick, asking me to suck it for good luck. I took him in my mouth and he throat-fucked me while Sam felt me up, his hand traveling down to my panties. Sam carefully removed my top and already pulled down my bra to cradle my tits.

Tim hadn't made a move yet and I wondered if that was because he was self conscious with his girlfriend being there.

Between the martinis and the role play I was already wet and waiting for Sam and I didn't have to wait long. While I continued to suck off Cory, Sam stood me up, dropped his pants, lifted up my little plaid skirt, pulled down my panties and made his way into my pussy from behind. Probably realizing he was going to have to pace himself for 2 hours he took it nice and easy, each time pushing it deep and holding it there. He would pull out sometimes and run the head of his cock up and down my crack or slap it on my ass. Tim still hadn't moved but now I noticed out of my peripheral that Tina was playing with herself while she watched this.

As soon as Tim saw what Tina was doing it was like a green light and he stood up, walked over and pulled out his cock and now I was sucking both of them while Sam continued from behind. "I think you're really showing school spirit," he said. Meanwhile, looking up from my double blowjob I could see Tina really going at her snatch and watching her got me even hotter.

Then the three of them began to rotate around to fuck my pussy or shift their cocks to my mouth. I underestimated Tim's initial reluctance because when it was his turn to enter me he put on quite a show. When the other two saw how he was going at it they each got hold of one of my pigtails and held me down bent over the back of the couch while Tim blasted me so hard it literally took the wind out of me.

Saving himself for more later he pulled out and sat back down in the chair, still stroking his cock. By now Tina had already come once or twice. I took this as the sign to change clothes and went back to the bedroom.

So that was round one and, truthfully, I was enjoying every minute of it.

"Which outfit?," Sam called to the bedroom.

"Beauty pageant," I called back. Then Sam poked his head in and asked if it would be alright to add Tina into the mix. "She's getting crazy turned on and begging me." "Sure," I said without hesitation, "now it's thirty five hundred".

"Agreed"

BEAUTY PAGEANT CONTESTANT

I walked out in a very small yellow bikini, pink 7 inch patent leather heels and a white sash reading 'Miss Fuckable' on the front and 'Amber' just after that. I stood in the classic pageant pose in front of the boys sitting on chairs in a row like judges except all of them had stripped down completely. Well, Tina kept an open blouse, bra and panties on. Across from them was an overstuffed chaise lounge chair which is where I figured I'd end up eventually, but first...

"For the first round, Amber," said Sam, "we just want you to pose for the judges (now including Tina). You need to impress us with how fuckable you look."

Here I relied on my recently acquired stripper skills and backside up I bent over and put my pussy right in his face and ran my hands across my thighs. Then I moved down the line of chairs, ending up with Tina who under breath said, "Oh my fucking lo..." and trailed off. If Tina was going to officially go from spectator to participant my new goal was to get her to want to fuck me too. I wouldn't have far to go.

"That's very persuasive, Amber," said Sam (All of the roommates were sitting with dick in hand and Tina had her hand down her panties). "For the second round we have the Q&A and you will take a question from each of us and take as long and as detailed a time as you feel necessary." I took that to mean as much dirty talk as would make them get off. I sat on the end of the chaise to field their questions.

"Amber," said Cory, "I love shower sex, the feeling of the water hitting me and seeing my girl all wet gets me naturally horny. How would you handle me in the shower?"

"Well, Cory, I love shower sex too. I'd let the water from the shower head hit my pussy directly, getting me in the mood. Then I'd go down on you, licking your balls and up and down your shaft while you watch the water drop from my tits. Then I'd turn around, put my hands on the far shower wall and with water running down my back I'd beg you to fuck me and fuck me good until I'd turn back around, squat and take your cum all over my face. And what better or cleaner way to take a facial than in the shower? Good for the skin. Sort of a win, win!"

Everyone laughed but Cory who was seriously stroking his cock through the whole story and was seriously intent on getting at me.

Sam was next: "Amber, what do you think would turn me on the most and how would you do it?"

Of course, it hit me right away. "I think I have what you want but to begin with I'd make you earn it by making you eat my sweet pussy until I came two or three times. You would be instructed to flick my clit and tongue fuck me until I told you to stop. And then I'd ask, 'have you been a good boy?' And, of course, you would say 'yes' (everybody laughed again) and then I'd give you your treat. I'd turn around, lower my bikini bottom, spreading my butt cheeks until you were face to face with my pretty little pink asshole and then I'd say, 'rim me delicately with your tongue and then fuck me in the ass and cum while you're at it." I couldn't believe how easily the words came out of my mouth.

Well, I thought he was going to jump me right then and there. I don't think he even realized how hard he was jerking off. I placed a single finger on the head of his dick and said, "Easy does it now. You'll get your chance". I thought he was going to explode. I was loving this so much it was scaring me.

Then Tim said, "Amber, what could you do that would make me so insane I'd want to nail your beautiful ass?"

I looked him in the eyes, locked in, just him and I for about 2 minutes or so and then I started playing with my pussy, never taking my eyes off him.

"Before I did anything else I'd start by eating out your girlfriend's pussy right in front of you, only stopping to tongue those delicious nipples that I can see through her shirt." Tina, without a thought, pulled off everything. She was, apparently, all in.

It was quite apparent that Tina had been on the minds of the other guys. All eyes were on her when she got completely naked. They'd thought about this before.

"While you watch I'm going to fuck your girlfriend and if you're a good boy I'll let you fuck both of us, but you have to be a good boy and not touch yourself the entire time I'm fucking Tina. Okay?"

Tim was petrified/excited but so caught up in what I said that he stopped playing with himself. I could even make a man want it so bad he'd stop touching himself. Then the Q&A was over. I suitably messed with their heads in ways they didn't see coming but couldn't resist. It's what they were paying me for.

"And that concludes round two," said Sam, "The next and final challenge is the 'demonstration' round. "You've showed us the goods and told us what you would do to us and now we need a personal demonstration as to why you should be crowned 'Miss Fuckable'."

First I got Cory to remove my bikini and pageant sash and then lying on the chaise with my legs spread wide I held out my hand to Tina and she came to me and started licking and sucking every inch of my body. I let myself be dessert and Tina dove in head first and when our tongues connected all you could hear were the guys jerking off.

Then I stood up and motioned Cory to lie back on the chaise and I mounted his cock as Tina got between us with her tongue on my clit and played with my nipples. I asked Tim to bring his cock over and I took him in my mouth and swallowed it up to the hilt. I knew what would happen next and it did. Sam came behind us and I felt him lube my anus and in a second he had entered me backdoor. I was taking double penetration and effectively fucking all four of them at once. It was an unbelievable feeling and thanks to Tina's agile tongue I was orgasming like mad. The simultaneous stimulation of all the parts of my body was overwhelming.

This went on for awhile, how long I don't know, until Tim couldn't hold it anymore and shot his load down my throat. Cum dripped from my lips, over my chin onto Cory's chest as he kept my pussy occupied. He and Sam were working me over like this would be the last fuck of their lives. The next move was Tina's. I thought she'd go sit with Tim while the 3 of us finished business but instead she straddled Cory's face and with my cum soaked lips I sucked her gorgeous little tits. Cory, still fucking me with a vengeance, lit into her nicely positioned pussy. I was concerned about Tim. He had to sit there as his roomie ate his girlfriend but Tim calmly came over and deeply kissed Tina while she was being serviced by the two of us.

Sam finally withdrew from me, walked around and stuck his cock in Tina's mouth and she and I tag teamed his member as he groaned with delight. "Suck me good, girls." Pulling his dick from her mouth he picked Tina up and leaned her over the chaise, going K-9 on her while Tim still watched. Cory then got up, moved me in the same position opposite to Tina and stuck me from behind while Tina and I, facing one another, started passionately kissing. Then like we were at a dance, the boys changed partners and I had Sam in me.

Then Tim reappeared, apparently recharged, and slipped his dick between Tina and I so we went at it. He was hard again and ready for more. Our tongues went in unison across his shaft, occasionally pausing to kiss one another.

It was clear Cory had more than a passing fancy for Tina because now he was hammering her pussy, forcing all sorts of sounds to come out of her. Like at a dance, Tim cut in and pounded his girlfriend like he was defending his turf. She was squealing with every thrust.

And on a dime, Sam put a hold on everything saying, "Alright, let's let Jazmine make the final change of the afternoon. It's almost 3."

I went into the bedroom and the final outfit was a high school teacher's very traditional white blouse, mid-calf skirt, matching blazer, glasses and there were instructions for wearing my hair pinned up. My role name was Miss Adams. The name did not seem made up so I thought one of the guys must have had a boner for a Miss Adams.

HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER

I came into the room with a surprised look on my face. Everyone was dressed. "What are you kids doing in the teacher's lounge after hours?" "It was Sam's birthday," said Cory, "and there was only one thing he wanted so we thought we'd help out, Miss Adams."

"What in the world would you need out of the teacher's lounge?," I asked teasingly.

"You," said Cory.

"Oh...," I said very sexily. "Well, if he wants me you guys are going to have to make me", I said smiling at Sam, "I don't do that kind of thing!"

Cory grabbed my left wrist, Tim grabbed my right and pulled me down on my back on the chaise. Then Tina ripped off every stitch of my clothing. She actually tore the clothes with buttons flying everywhere. Then Sam stood in front of me, "got something for you, Miss Adams", undid his pants and started fucking me while Cory and Tim held my arms. I pretended to struggle out of their grasp. After five or ten minutes Sam pulled out and shot cum all over my tits. They switched positions and now Cory fucked my pussy awhile until he took his game farther up and titty-fucked me (the two guys holding me down pushed my breasts together around his cock) and when he came his cream shot up my neck, hitting my chin. Last, but not least, Tim rammed home his cock and fucked me like he was trying to impress Tina and when he was about to cum he pulled out, moved over to my face and let loose in my open mouth with parts of his jizz dripping everywhere. In a bold move I knew would fuck with their heads I sucked him dry and then in slow motion scooped up a dribble on my chin and licked it off my finger. I added, "Mmmmmm, class dismissed."

I'd become a cum dump for their fantasies. They all went nuts.

I gave them everything and more for the two hours I was their plaything and I probably could have gone longer but I had to stop and get home even though they begged me to stay and go again. They didn't care about the money. It was strange because I really wanted to go again myself and I started to wonder how much was enough for me? I was becoming seriously addicted to the euphoria. It worried me that I didn't want to leave. I was covered in their cum, fucked repeatedly by multiple guys in every hole available and it still wasn't enough to satisfy my lust. Fuck...

Everyone agreed that it had been an unqualified success and we mutually decided on another date and they voluntarily upped the ante to four thousand for 2 hours. These were some very rich people with lots of disposable income who thought I was a goddess.

Sam handed me a wad of cash, walked me to the door and said, "You were way more than we could ever have imagined. You are unreal. So, let me ask you a personal question: would you be open to letting me take you to dinner?"

"Sorry, Sam," I said, hoping to do this gently, "but I'm married."

The shock on his face when he tried to mentally reconcile what we had just done with the fact that I was married put his mind in a serious twist. All he could get out was, "Oh, wow, well, we'll look forward to seeing you soon."

What he didn't know was that after i said that I had the same confused reaction. At this point David and I were going to have to find a way through this together or we weren't going to be married anymore. David avoided the subject but I knew that would solve nothing.

Leaving Sam's I knew i was going home to see David and we would have to talk…


The Awakening Of Angie Ch. 06

'Come to meetin'' by Angie.

David avoided talking about what I was doing with this odyssey I was on. I sensed that he knew, even before the couples swap, I was having sex with other men. How could he not smell it on me?

I was never selfish in our marriage. David was big guy on the block and I was the attentive and loving wife. Those were roles played out everyday around the world but I was growing stagnant in that role. I didn't plan its unfolding but it was sex that unfolded before me and it was like electricity running through my body.

I kept picturing a scenario where David could understand and embrace my desires but it couldn't happen if I kept secrets and David kept wishing it away. We needed to talk...openly.

After dinner, I had to block his usual dash to the living room and then, the trickier part, get him to talk, a frequent challenge for the gender. 'Use your words', I repeated endlessly.

"David, we have to talk."

"If it's about that," referencing what he knew was coming, "I'd rather not."

"But, we have to," I pleaded. "I love you and want you with me. This is about sex not love. You love sex just like I do."

"I love sex with my wife."

"You're not losing that. But I need more variety in my life and I want you to be a part of that."

"What? You want me to hold your thong while some guy has his way with you?"

"Let me ask you something, how often do you think of other women? In a typical week how often do you find yourself fantasizing about someone on the street or in your office or anywhere?"

"Hardly ever," he said with a straight face, "I fantasize about you."

"I don't believe you," I challenged him, "you're full of shit."

"It's true!" He protested.

"What do you think I am, blind, deaf and oblivious? Just in the time I spend with you I see you scouting pretty girls all the time..."

"But I..."

"...and when you're checking them out, what are you imagining?"

"Just that they're pretty."

"No, David, what is your dick plotting when you see a pretty girl?"

"Nothing, I'm married."

I put my head in my hands, "God, you're exhausting! David, WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO WITH THEM?!?!"

"I, ah, sometimes I..."

Calming myself down, "David, just like how you were with Sandra, you're attracted to them and you want to fuck them. If you had the chance and they said yes you'd fuck every single one of them."

He stopped talking.

"It's normal," I reassured him, "so I'm telling you that I have those same attractions and urges except I don't want to deny myself the incredible pleasure of that. We should be happy we're strong sexual beings. That's what I'm doing, satisfying my natural needs. You can be a part of that with me."

He didn't move but stared straight at me like a zombie.

"David?"

"Okay...I'll try."

"Do you want to make a pack that we tell each other, in detail, what we've done?"

"No," he said, defiantly, "I can't handle that right now."

"Anything you want me to tell you at all?"

"No, not now," he said, somewhat confused, his voice softening, "I will admit one thing though and I still don't know what to make of it."

He took a long, thoughtful pause.

"Amateur night at the club...a guy came up to me after you'd danced, and the table was full of cash, and offered me five hundred bucks to take you around the corner to the motel and fuck you. He invited me to watch if I liked."

"What did you say?"

"I glared him down until he walked away. I was seething with anger that some random stranger thought that I was pimping you out and that he could buy my wife."

"That must have been weird."

"That wasn't the weird part. The part that I've never quite gotten past is that...is that I was aroused. I was steaming mad and wanted to annihilate the guy and at the same time I wanted to say yes. I'm not telling you this because I wanted that to happen but because I was shocked at my feelings about it."

"David, thank you for telling me that," somewhat relieved he was being honest finally.

"I still can't get it out of my head. I keep imagining it even if I don't want to. Sitting there watching that guy have my wife, touching you, fucking you..."

I kissed him and held him in my arms...which morphed into having very passionate sex on the dining room table. I'd never felt him so aggressive.

When we'd finished I ran to the bathroom to clean the cum from my pussy and when I got back David had tidied up the table and was sitting there, steely eyed and deep in thought.

Turning towards me he said, "Because you offered to give detail about your encounters and because I'm some sort of masochist, tell me about one encounter, but only one."

"O...kay...well I got called into the boss's office on my first day and he started talking about the girls being appreciative for giving them a spot at the club. He was wondering if I was appreciative. I knew what he meant and, figuring it was a right of passage, I came around his desk and fucked him."

"Did you...did you like it?" he asked, avoiding my eyes.

"Yes"

"Was he well hung?"

"Yes"

"Would you do it again?"

"Yes, maybe."

"On amateur night I knew he would go after you. I could see it on his face."

After that he got up, went in the living room and turned on the TV. At ten he went to bed without a word. I couldn't quite figure out if we'd made progress but at least there was some truth telling going on.

Before going up to bed I got a text from Sam:

'You were so magnificent today. Can't stop thinking about you, being inside you.'

I sat down on the couch and texted back: 'I felt the same way having you fill me up.'

Without a hint of intention and David upstairs asleep, Sam and I had fallen into sexting:

'Call me back,' he texted.

I looked around just in case David should get up. It was quiet. I called Sam and he answered from where we'd left off:

"From the moment I ran my hand down your thigh today I didn't want to stop," he said.

"I can feel you right now," I whispered, "I'm tingling all over, wanting you to take me. I feel you sucking my tits.'

"Are you touching yourself?"

My panties were incredibly wet and I pulled them off.

"Yes"

"Me too. I'm stroking my hard cock. I'm shaking I want you so much."

"Take me, Sam. My panties are on the floor and my legs are wide open. Fuck me, baby. Make me yours. I want it!"

"I'm pushing my throbbing shaft into your wetness. It feels so good. You look beautiful taking it."

As he spoke I was furiously stimulating my clit and getting close. We continued the exchange, him describing the act inch by inch. eventually i could hear the urgency in his voice.

"Are you cumming?" I asked.

'Yes, baby, I'm slamming my rod faster in you. I'm gonna cum!'

"I'm cumming!"

A strong orgasm washed over my body while I heard him release his load on the other end. Almost in sync, "Uhhhhhnnnnnnn..."

"I have to go, Sam."

"Sure, babe. Sweet dreams and see you soon."

"Goodnight"

Now you could add phone sex with another man in our living room to my list of marital transgressions. I was trying to reconstruct our marriage and having no idea what I was doing. It was just full speed ahead into the abyss.

I gathered up my wet underwear and turned to go upstairs...and there was David, standing on the landing.

"How long have you been there?" I asked nervously.

"A few minutes," he said, and turned to go back up stairs to bed.

Oh, fuck.

The next morning absolutely nothing was said about the phone sex. In fact, he was his usual happy self. I thought it was a mind game to punish me but there appeared to be no malice behind his cheery demeanor.

He kissed me on the cheek and took off for work. Hmmmm.

***

The girls at The Pleasure Palace let me know that there was an underground sex club within the city limits. How it evaded the authorities was a mystery. Everyone assumed an 'agreement' had been negotiated where law enforcement pretended that it was something other than what it was. They still allowed local regulatory agencies like the health department to do their job.

It was called, Delicious.

To the authorities it was just another bar but to those in the know you came to fuck and be fucked. The strip club girls were in the know.

So here I was standing in front of it about to hire out my services. The girls said it was a beehive of customers used to spending lots of money on hot young pussy. They only hired the most beautiful girls they could find and clientele paid premium prices for premium girls.

I went in.

The bartender approached me with, "You're probably here to see Ted."

"Who's Ted?"

"The manager. I doubt you came in for a beer. Not a girl that looks like you...I'll get him."

"Oh, sure, thanks."

He was gone all of two minutes and then, "Follow me." He led me through confusing twists and turns, finally reaching the manager's office and, yes, like you I'm wondering if I had to fuck Ted to get the job. Wasn't that always the way of it?

I dressed my job application best; black satin blouse with nude shoulders tricked out with faux diamonds arranged in a random pattern, way too short black and white checkered skirt, mid thigh black stockings and 4 inch black heels.

I stood up and showed off the goods. He seemed pleased.

What's your name, sweetheart?"

"Angie. My stage name is Jazmine."

"Stripper?"

"Yes"

"Well," said a round, balding little man of maybe fifty, "looks like this is my lucky day. You're a stunner, sweetheart. You're obviously looking for a job."

"Ya, I guess so."

"Do you know what we do here? Because if you did you wouldn't 'guess so'. You'd know one way or another. It's all about sex. You're going to end up fucking a lot of guys and even a few women. Depending on how good you are, you can make a lot of money.

"The club is a labyrinth of rooms that surround a large main area with a bar and a main stage where we feature live sex shows. The performers are some of our girls and a few studs we bring in to fuck the girls on stage. It's mandatory that you do some of the shows and it's on a rotation.

"All the rest of the time you cruise the floor and make arrangements with customers. The customers do not just pop in off the street. They have to apply for club membership just like a country club except without the golf. Hehe. We weed out the losers and guys that can't afford the quality we're offering.

"Regardless of who picks up who, you negotiate your own fee. The club takes ten percent off each transaction, whether you spend an hour, two hours or whatever with the guy. You're on the honor system to report your nightly take accurately. Tips are all yours.

"What you do with the customer, or he/she does with you, is entirely up to you. Get as kinky as you want. All the rooms have toys, lube, porn tv, music and best of all clean sheets, made up immediately after each use by our own housekeeping. Oh, and by the way, voyeurs who want to get stimulated or check out a particular girl for later reference are able to watch through a window. There's usually a lot of them.

So, I know that's a lot to take in but what do you think, sweetheart?"

"Yes?" a measure of unsureness in my voice.

"I'm glad you said that because with a body like yours there's no limit to how much you could make."

"Just one thing," I said, "for now I'm only interested in one night a week."

"Stand up again, doll. Okay, and come over here."

He put his hand on my ass and I thought, 'here it comes', but he just had me sit back down.

"I've got some customers that would fight over that ass of yours. I usually require a two night a week commitment but I may have to make an exception. I want your pussy in this club."

He balked at my request for Thursdays but relented using the logic that I might draw more customers on a week night.

I now worked part time at Delicious.

***

When I got home, David was already home and out of his work clothes and lounging. When he saw my outfit he said, "Wow, I hope your boyfriend liked that."

"There's no boyfriend. I had a job interview."

He was snarky but trying to stay upbeat. "I'm thinking the job wasn't grocery store bagger, because if it was then a whole lot more guys would beg to go shopping."

In an effort to be honest I told him. "I got a job Thursday nights at a place called Delicious."

"I heard about it from an out of town client about a year ago. It's a secret that's not a secret."

"Have you ever been there?"

"No, I'm married," he said with that snarky tone creeping in again.

"I wouldn't let that slow you down. From what I hear most of the men in there are married."

"Are you pushing me to go? I mean, like some kind of family outing?"

That sarcasm stopped the conversation dead. After an interminable silence he said, "Sorry, I'm trying. So!! Congratulations on your new job!"

"Thank you...I think."

He had a strange look on his face and just sat there like he was checking me out

"Jazmine!"

Why was he using my stage name? It was so alien to hear it from David.

"Jazmine, come here, get on your knees and suck my cock."

I hesitated for a second because it didn't sound like his voice but then I was a little turned on.

"C'mon, bitch, suck me off," he ordered me.

I felt compelled to do as he wanted, getting down in front of his chair and opening his pants. He was already nearly erect and his cock sprung from his underwear like a jack in the box. I put my lips on the head and sensually went down on it until there was nothing showing.

"That's a good girl," he said, "take it all the way, Jazmine."

I gagged as he held the back of my head in place. When he finally let go I could barely get a breath and was struggling but he forced me down again. Not as long but I gasped as he let go. He began face fucking me, hands on each side of my face, in a way he'd never done before.

I could feel his cock begin to swell in his mouth and as he held me he shot his hot cum down my throat. He moaned with his eyes closed as it kept coming. "Awwwww fuck...Jazmine...fuuuuccckkk".

When he released me I was panting and coughing. Once I'd recovered I asked him why he called me Jazmine.

"Because I wanted a little of what everybody else is getting. I wanted that girl, Jazmine, to service me. I put my head in that space. You weren't my wife anymore. You were somebody else's slut wife and I was using you for my pleasure."

"It was intense."

I dreamt about doing this last night. I woke up and almost fucked you when you were still sleeping. You weren't Angie, you were Jazmine and I wanted some of that hot cunt of yours. Sorry I called you a bitch...."

"No, no, no, it was exciting, baby. I want you to use me. God, my pussy is incredibly wet just talking about it."

"Fuck me, David!"
