Linda’s Experiences

Linda
http://www.very-koi.net/persons/friends/linda/linda02.jpg

Part I ~ Part II ~ Part III ~ Part IV
About Linda most asked questions: I am 21 yrs old 5"6 height 125 lbs, D cup little large for Chinese girl. I came to Vancouver B.C. Canada to study
English 3 years ago. I am in school 4 times a week, live by myself in a
large 1700 sq ft 3 bedroom condo on the 18 floor downtown over looking the harbor. My parents bought it as a vacation condo, they stay here only 1 to 2 weeks a year. I drive a 1999 BMW 328 ci convertible and get $3000 spending money each month. I guess you can say I am spoiled daughter. 
My boyfriend now lives with me and do not mind me putting my experience on Koi's website and returning e/mail from people who enjoy reading about my experience. 
When ever I am in school I usually dress very classy with up to the knee skirts and knee high boots. Fridays and the weekends  in the colder months I wear 5 inch knee high boots with short jacket up to my waist over a minidress or miniskirt. Yes all my dresses stop at the butt line a few will show some butt cheeks.
Late spring to early fall when not in school or after school you can say that 90% of the time I will be in micro mini dress and platform heels. How often do I wear panties? About 10 times a year going to kids birthday parties, family dinners.
I am straight enjoy having sex with boyfriend only no group sex or others, skiing, swimming, clubbing, watching movies, jogging , tennis. I don't have a job, don't smoke don't drink, no drugs. 
Jerry is my 3rd boyfriend, I hope is the last. I guess my fetishes is I love showing off my body in micro short sexy mini dress and high platform heels.  Next best thing is writing about it-and having you read about my experience.

Any girls out there with similar experience like me ? I like to hear from
your experience. Linda my middle name , Jerry my boyfriend  middle name.


Hi my name is Linda, I came to  Vancouver B.C. Canada  from Hong Kong 3yrs ago to study English. My English is still so so, I have four more months in Vancouver before I have to go back to H.K.  
One day I was on the computer looking for the word Exhibitionism to see what it means, then I landed on Lily Hensen (Basic Exhibitionism). I then decided to explore her ideas myself. It almost summer when I discover her website. Summer is near so I went out to buy many mini dresses and mini halter dresses from the net and some at the stores.  
12 dresses in total, 3 pairs of high heels in white 6" to 7". All the dresses were micro short. So short on some you can see my bum or you call fanny in North America. Two of the micro dresses have split sides with 4 round metal rings attaching the splits sides together. Some I had to take to alteration to get it shortened; that was the exciting part. Some of the dress came by mail 5 of them, I took each one of them to different alteration shops to get shorten. Some of the alteration shops said who is going to wear a dress this short that is so daring, I said me. That sent me a spine shivering tingle inside.  
I am 20yrs old 5"6 height, 125 lbs, D cup little big for a Chinese girl. The first 3 times I got dressed in my mini dress in the mall washroom with panties of course, lots of make up, mini purse & 6" heels.  
The problem was I was so nervous, excited, shaking, I spend no more than 10 minutes walking from washroom to car up the escalators.  
The 4th time out advise from Lily Hensen (no panties ) I got dressed at home  in one of the micro mini dress, drove to 5 different places to pick up my finished, altered, ultra short mini dress & halter dress.  
As I drove to the first shop to pick up my dress my heart was pounding mad, excited also feeling helpless, yet enjoying it. I was the 2nd in line, to pick up my dress. I can see the cashier staring at me as I got out of my BMW. He even dropped the change on the floor for the first customer who is also a male picking up his dry clean.  
He said I look very sexy & cute. When he passed me the dress it was the pink one with split sides - 4 metal round rings on each sides. I went to the fitting room to put it on. I came out with that dress I can see the cashier shaking his head and turning red and he said wow you are daring. With the split sides all the way up he can see I was not wearing panties. My shaved pussy was so wet and my heart pounding as I was leaving the place. It took a total of 5 minutes.  
Now the 5th time I went longer; 30 minutes in a busy mall in Richmond. This time in a halter mini dress that was a  baby blue color. I feel more confident this time , I can see from the reflection store mirror that my fanny is expose that any one behind me can see my pussy if I go up the escalator. As I got out of Sears into the mall I can see 5 men walking behind me pretending they were shopping. I can see almost every one is looking at me. I always walk criss cross when I am in my 6" to 7 inch Heels not very fast.  
As I was going up the escalator I got about 8 people behind me, I know they can see my pussy, I felt so excited and helpless and wet. At the top of the escalator I ran into my X boy friend, He looked shocked to see me like this. I felt so low down. He said what are you doing and followed me to my car.  I never felt this low in my life.  
As we started talking again he told me he like to see me dress like this. I was so shocked when he said that. He told me that most guys love to see women dress like this, he said he did not believe I was this type of person to dress like this. He said it got him very excited and horny. I told him I started do this last 2 weeks ago. He said I should start going to the mall not 10 to 30 minutes but at least 4to 5 hours out. He got me very excited again, he said the next time I go out he would like to follow behind me.  
It was Sat June 23, 2001 sunny, hot 32 c. THE DAY I WILL NEVER FORGET. I spent over 5 hours in public inside and outside malls. I got dressed in my most dangerous dress, another baby pink dress with very low cut at back, split both sides with 3 one inch round rings on each side holding the split together. Always no panties and my fanny was showing a bit as I walk. Painted my toes & finger nails hot pink, smelly cherry lip gloss, lots of make up , my white 7" heels , a small purse. It took me over two hours just to get ready for my X to pick me up at 12:30pm. I had no lunch just a cup of milk, I felt so excited, nervous, shaking from inside me in my spine.  
It was all planed he will pick me up and drop me off at Robson St., a very busy and trendy shopping street. That way I will not go back to my car because I do not know where it is parked. He said he would hook back up with me by cell phone after I am 3 hours by myself at the mall.    
I got out of the car at 1pm I can see all the eyes were looking at me walking across the intersection. I can see that some of the girls my age were covering their mouth in shock seeing my micro mini dress, split sides with rings no panties or thong strings showing at the sides.  
I walk for one full block, little criss crossing my legs with my fanny showing quite a bit because I do not want people to see me pull my dress down. As I was walking down I can feel that I am being followed by at least 5 guys. My shaved pussy was so wet; juices were running down on my right leg, I came!! My back was sore, my heart was pounding, my legs were weak. I quickly went to Starbuck’s wash room to take an 8 minute break and wipe the juices off.   
In the washroom I say to myself, Linda you should act like you are not in a mini dress but a long dress. As I walk out of Starbucks I can still see 3 of the guys that were following me. I then walk 3 buildings to London Drugs; the streets were packed with people. I saw another girl in a micro mini dress it was also short up to her fanny. I spent 30 minutes in London drugs looking at make up and buying little things.   
I can see at least 5 guys walking by me several times. I guess they are feeling very excited to see how daring I dress and see how confident I look pretending to be normal. Inside me my heart was pounding and my pussy was a little damp.  
I then started to walk to Eaton’s 2 blocks a way. As I was walk I can hear people whistling, anyone following behind me can see my fanny. I heard one guy beside me say to his friend  “Wow this chick has no panties on. Look at the sides not even a thong line.” When I heard that I came a little as I was walking. It took almost 2 hours for me to walk 2 blocks.   
When I get too excited I walk into fashion stores to cool down pretending to be shopping. As I approach Eaton’s escalators one woman came up to me and said I look very confident & daring with no panties and yet act so normal. She also said she always have the fantasy to dress like me but she gets cold feet. I said try it you only live once.   
As I approach the escalator I look back to see the escalator it was packed, 3 of the same guys were right behind me. All 3 were 3 to 4 steps behind me as I was going up. The first 2 levels going up I Know they have a full view of my ass and my damp pussy. On the 3rd level going up I had to cross my legs because it was shaking and I do not want them to see I am shaking. The 4th level I heard someone behind whistling at me then I came with my legs standing crossed. From the 4th to the 5 level going up I came twice, the juices were trickling down to my knees on my right. I quickly strutted to the bathroom to wipe down.  
I never have this kind of experience before. I love this kind of life but I will be back in Hong Kong by November. I can never do this in Hong Kong. In Vancouver I only have a few friends so it’s ok.  
My cell rang it was my X, he asked how I was feeling, I said I came 5 times in 3 hours. He said wow and wonder if other guys who saw me will go home and masturbate thinking about me.   
We met at the food court in the lower mall, he stayed about 30 to 40 ft behind me for about 45 minutes watching guys and girls expression on their faces as I walk 5 long blocks back to my car, which he parked.   
He said as I was walking back to the car he can see guys behind me pointing at me, bending to look up at my dress already my fanny was showing at least 1 inch, people looking giving a thumbs up to each other, some look back as I pass them, I got about 9 whistles, Guys yelling Yah baby.  
As I approached my car it was parked on the corner of Starbucks. It was one of the busiest intersections with over 30 people sitting outside Starbucks for coffee and at least 60 to 70 people in the intersection area. I can feel at least 30 eyes were staring at me as I walk across the intersection. Approaching approx 30 ft to my car my legs were so weak, shiver up my spine ,my body burning hot ,excited, feeling helpless.   
OOOPSS I dropped my keys, as I was bending down to pick it up my X said, everyone saw my all my ass and my pussy at the coffee shop when he was behind me. I can hear guys yelling Yahhh, lots of whistling. My face turned all red, I came, as I was putting my shopping goods in the trunk. The juices flowed all the way to my right 7" heels as I stepped into my car.    
The juices were so watery because I come many times in the last few hours. This was my biggest one, my heart has never beat this fast before, my legs were so weak I can barely step on the gas peddle to drive off to pick up my X. I wanted to pick him up down the street because I do not want people to think he is part of this.   
As we were driving home he said he wanted to have sex, he said as he was following me he also got very excited and wanted to pump me. And he thinks the other guys who followed me for hours will go home and masturbate about me.   
When I got to his apartment he tied me up to his bed, I was tied up with my heels on and dress on hands on each side of the bed, legs tied spread on each side of the bed. He got undressed and started to fondle my hard nipples with a feather up and down and also fondle my pussy.   
My body was burning hot, then he turned on the ceiling fan above me . I was yelling F me baby many times and the window of the apartment was wide open. He then gave me a really (salty feeling) hickey on my neck, it was a big red one. I begged him many times to  F me he finally did after 20 minutes of teasing me . I was yelling my head off and he came very fast only 5 minutes. I can feel the cum oozing out . I did not cum.  
I guess he felt disappointed. He then pull out a big vibrator it was a pink 8 " long. He started sucking my nipples at the same time fondling my pussy with the vibrator As you can see I was screaming with joy wanting him to put the vibrator all the way in. The vibrator was in me for at least one hour and my nipples very sore from him biting on it. He said I was screaming, moaning for over an hour. I must of come at least 20 times that day.  
It was the day I will never forget. I slept for 8hours tied up. I was sore, tired , stayed home for 2 days. It was Tuesday my package just arrived from the US. It was 2 mini dresses with split sides one lime color, one baby blue and a pair of 7" heels with 2" platform, white. You can buy it at www.howcool.com then click to club wear, to Tony Wear, then stroll down you will find my new sexy (Lycra slit mini dress  style # TS 1006). For my sexy heels click to Center Fold Shoes logo, stroll down the shoes ( style # CFW-12) I find it very sexy. My heart is pounding, thinking where I will wear it. 

After just receiving my new dresses and new 7" heels from Tony wear by mail, I began to think where to go explore next. Looking at the lime color dress, I decided to replace the two ties on each side of the dress with one round 1" rings on each side. It look more sexy and cleaner that way.  
This time was July 1st, 2001 Canada day. I put on my new 7" heels, wow it it ever high. My new lime color split sides mini dress with the whole back expose only a small piece of material at the fanny 12" X 10" (no panties). 
My boy friend said my fanny was showing approx 1" as was walking. I tied my hair back to a short tail at back. Lots of make up . I also picked up two round stainless balls from the sex shop mail order in the web-site. I have never try before. I have decided to go out for the whole day like this, it was my biggest challenge yet. 
Before heading out ,I slipped the 3/4 " stainless steel balls in my already wet pussy. Looking at the mirror I look like a beautiful Chinese doll gone slutty. This time I was to meet my boyfriend in a Chinese mall for dim-sum a Chinese brunch. I got out of my car felling so helpless, horny walking for the first time with 2 round balls in my pussy. 
As normal & innocent as I look, I still have the big hickey mark my boy friend gave me  about a week ago on the side of my neck. It was still very visible and I love it. Walking with the new micro mini dress & 7" heels with my small white LV purse, Trying to keep the balls in was the hard part ,I had to take very small criss cross steps to keep it in . 
The mall was full of people at 11:15am I just love the attention the people gave. I love it when I heard many Chinese say in Cantonese to each other, look at that (banana ) It means a born in Canada Chinese person who do not speak or understand Cantonese, They think only Canadian Chinese dress that way, but I understand every word they say. 
Some say what a slut, some Wow she got guts, I do not think she wearing panties said one girl ,the other said I see not even a thong line between the side rings  . The other girl came up to me in English and asked me where I got my sexy dress & 7 " heels .I can see she was more interested in my heels ,so I gave her a How cool web site to buy it. She was also wearing a small mini dress with 4" heels dress not as short as my.
I came a little waiting in line with my leg standing crossed. After finishing brunch my boy friend took me to the beach , it was packed with people so he dropped me off. To find a parking space. The bastard then call me on the cell saying that he will pick me up in 2 -3 hours . I felt helpless, nervous, shiver in my spine and yet a part of me enjoying it. 
I went to the beach washroom to look at my self in the mirror my dress was so short my fanny was showing 1 inch. I said to myself Linda. I will walk from beach to down town in 7"heels, no panties, will not pull my dress down. Yes I can ,Yes I can. I got so psyched up. So I did .it was  1:45pm sunny 30C. 
On my way walking to downtown I just love seeing people looking at me ,honking , comments like ,awesome, love that heels & dress yelled by a few guys, lots of thumbs up, lots of whistling. Only one girl yelled out you slut ! I can not explain the feeling I get with trying to keep the balls in my pussy while walking all day. It is a real horny feeling ,nipples very hard wanting some guy to suck on it. 
Knowing that I have no panties on while walking always sends shivers to my spine, Heart pounding with excitement every time I take the escalators. 3pm I finally arrive in downtown, I must of come 4 times while walking to downtown. I can see the juices dried up at both my inner mid thigh.
While taking the escalator up to Eaton's my cell rang. packed with shopper behind me on the escalator and lots of tails. ( guys who has been following me for hours looking up at my dress trying to look up at my wet pussy ).I told my boyfriend I walked all the way from the beach to downtown. I got him very exited, he did not believe me but I told him to meet me downstairs of Eaton to pick me up in  10 minutes corner of Robson & Grandville bus stop.
 As for the tails, I think there were 7 , 3 Asians, 3 white guys & one good looking Canadian east Indian guy all about 4to5 steps behind me with a 3 step gap you know why. I then decided to go up two more level before coming down to the bus stop. I wanted to give the tail a good look of my wet pussy. The last level up I love it when, one guy said" Nice pussy" the others were yelling "Yah". 
Quarter way up the last level, I crossed my legs, my body was burning hot , nipples was about to explode, BANG I Came! the juices came running down the side of my leg all the way  to my heels with a little bit of pee I think. I then look back to give the guys behind a quick smile ( I hope they can spot my juices coming out) and quickly strut to the elevator down to the street level to meet my boy friend waiting in the car by the bus stop. 
We then drove to Queen Elizabeth Park, a popular place for people to take wedding pictures. This time my boy friend was dress very sharp, he was in a nice sharp suite. It look like he was part of one of wedding parties. And me you know how I dress like. As we walk to the water fall area there were 4 weddings together waiting to take pictures at the water fall area. When we walked into the area I can see all the eyes were at me not at the brides. I think they are wondering which wedding party I am with. That got me so excited.
He took a few pictures of me at the water fall .I did not stay long there because I feel bad stealing the show for the brides big day . I stayed only 20 minutes at the park. On our way to the car my boyfriend said to me again that most of the guys who saw me today will go home to release themselves. 
I said to him I sure you do too. I had to release him in the car by giving him a blow job while driving me to his place. I spent an hour at his place all tied up again with the vibrator in me. screaming with joy.  7pm time for dinner I got dressed in another one of my micro short dress. This is my first time with a lace flair dress (yellow) no split sides but also short up to my fanny & no panties, Dress # ss71 . To make the story short , It has been a wild summer for me after I discover Basic Exhibitionism . I now have about 15 sexy dress ,with the 2 long dress being only 2-3 inches below my fanny , I wear that only go out with good friends I know. I threw all my panties away as of June20th ,2001. Five pairs of heels the lowest being 4 " the highest  7". I will dress sexy  this way every day for the next 2 month. ,Which then I will be back in Hong Kong. Back in H.K. the shortest I can wear  is probably 4-5 inches above my knees, my family is very strict.  You can view some of the dresses I bought from the net ( www.wickedtemptations.com ) 
# 27-1502, (www.sensualstyles.com ) minidress 2 at #ss47  Minidress 4 # ss71, # sh-hol-1000,  (www.forplaycatalog.com ) under minidress ID F730, ID F8072,  (www.cathywilliamsny.com ) #169D, #121D.  
The thing that get me going is that I enjoy people ,especially guys , getting a small 1" glimpse at my fanny (ass) no higher, that when I walk they can see my long legs doing small criss crossing as I walk slowly with my 7" heels. 
When I go up the escalators they can see my wet pussy. That is my biggest turn on. I am not into intermediate or advance exhibitionist, do not like to walk naked in public or flash people. I like to tease in mini dress and let people wonder for a while until they can see my pussy after following to the escalators. 
When there is children behind me in the escalator I will turn to the side I respect young kids. I consider my self a 9 out of 10 in looks . I'm a very good A student just finding out that I have a wild exhibitionist side I have just discover early this summer .
My boy friend is the first guy I have sex with and he is the only guy. I know I look good because I have many guys over 20 in the past wanting me to date me. This will come to an end soon, my boy friend is from Iran he is good looking and is 23 years old. I know his parents and my parents will never approve of us you can see why. He is from Iran and is Muslim, I am from Hong Kong , We can never be together even we love each other. Chinese and Iranians do not mix in both of our parents minds.  

Ever since I discover basic exhibition early this summer I never wore panties or thongs. Only in micro mini dress,  6 to 7 inch high heels, and knee high 6 inch boots.  
I enjoy it because my boyfriend like to see me like that every time I go out the door. He had just finished school last month and will be going back to Dubai (Saudi Arabia) in 2 days. I know I will never see him again. 
We went shopping on his last 2 days. We would have wild sex before we head out. He always tie me to the bed with my arms to each side of the bed and my legs spread to each side of the bed. He would eat my shaved pussy for 15 minutes, slowly nibble on my nipples and very lightly lick & lightly suck on it. I was screaming mad ,moaning & begging him to F me. 
Then he would lightly lick & suck my neck giving me a big red ( salty feeling hickey). After about 1/2 hour of fore play he then  F me for only 5 minutes then he comes. I guess he comes very fast. I do not mind because I love the foreplay all tied up helpless & screaming.  
After he is done he will give me the vibrator treatment till I come. Is funny I come easier when I ,am in public strutting in my micro mini dress no panties and people staring at me and whistling at me when I go up the escalators. 
The last two days with him ,we had sex about 10 times. Last day, his flight is at 8pm , Now is only 11am my last sex with him at 10:45am, He then show me a dress he bought for me to wear for him it was a very short turquoise color ring dress 14-48j (wickedtemptations.com) He wanted to follow me 30ft behind me, as I pretend to be shopping. I painted my finger & toe nails hot pink. Pink lip stick with strong cherry smell lip gloss. My favourite 7 inch heels & mini  white LV purse, and Big red sexy hickey  on my neck. 
It was September 2nd a few days before school starts there for there are loads of people in the mall . It was downtown Eaton center again lots of escalators. This time I also have two 3/4 inch  round balls I put in my vagina.  
As I got out of the car  to walk across the street I can see all the eyes was on me ,I was so turn on when I hear guys honk at me yet I look so calm pretending not to notice them . One guy yelled out : I love seeing daring girls with no panties You are my dream come true ,I love your dress: Whistling as his car pass me. My face turn red and I came instantly standing with my legs crossed at the crosswalk waiting for the light to turn green to cross.  
One of the round balls in my vagina almost fell out as I walked across, I can feel the juice flowing out 1/4 down my thigh. About an hour strutting in the mall with lots of tails behind me ( people who following me around). I was so shocked that ran into my  Korean classmate Jenny at the makeup section in Eaton's .She was wearing a halter mini dress short also up to her bum line with also 6 to 7 inch thick heels. She was shaking her head with a big smile on her face when she saw me in my dress. She hugged me and said , you are like me, you enjoy dress sexy too. ( in Korean accent) she only been in Canada one yr and half . 
After talking to her in the mall at the food court for almost 2 hours ,I can see guys are waiting for us to get up to walk again. I learned that she is a basic exhibitionist like me ,she started when she was 16, now she is 22, Jenny enjoy  males looking at her ,she also never wears panties and have a shaved pussy with a clit ring. we have so much in common.  
She have very big boobs a DD, I think she had a boob job but she denies it ,she is only about 5,6  120lbs like me. I told her I was doing it for my boyfriend it was his last day. She said I was doing it for myself, that I enjoy the attention people give me . I told her she is right . How can I argue with someone who is more experience than me .Jenny said I should have a dare show down next week with her .I said Ok. My poor boyfriend was waiting up stairs looking down at us for almost 2 hours and about 10 others horn dogs all spread out waiting for us to get up. 
I told Jenny to go with me to take the escalator up to the 6th floor from the ground ,so all the tails can look up our mini dress to see our shaved pussy. So we strutted to the escalator and the tails followed. I kept my legs crossed as I traveled up the escalators. I can not explain the rush feeling I get, with the tingle in my spine. Jenny also said the same.  
We then left the mall she had to go home. I will see her next week (grin). Arriving at the airport ,we had dinner there in a Chinese restaurant. While waiting for dinner to come, I strutted to the washroom one of the waiter bumped into his manager while looking at my sexy dress .He spilled coke over his manager pants ,I did not look back.
Then as I was coming out of the washroom another waiter was also staring at me as I walk back to my table ,he tripped and fell spilling the fried rice. I feel thrilled they enjoy looking at me because I am Chinese and they are Chinese too, Yet I feel sorry for them ,I hope they do not get fired. We finished dinner and ask for the bill. The manager said the dinner is on him. He said Thank You MIS is a pleasure to have you here ,please come again. My boy friend then said see they enjoy looking at you . I bet they will go home masturbating about you. WoooooooH.  
Well the time has come. We kissed for 5 minutes before  he headed into the gate. Saying good buy was the hard part. We both  had fun with each other. And we both  know we will never work out. I got over it the next day .I am sure he did too. Life will move on.  
Many oriental girls I know come to North America for school love to have sex with other race to explore themselves and get more experience. My Japanese & Korean students  friends all love to date  other race . When they finish school here they will go back home almost always end marrying their own kind who is rich and very boring. I know I will marry rich in HK but I hope the guy is not boring . Will be back in HK soon. Hope you enjoy my experience.  
Linda.   


Well I am now back in Vancouver for another year of school after a month in Hong Kong it was getting quite boring. My X boyfriend has finished school and left for Saudi Arabia. I now have new a boyfriend who I have met 2 years ago but never really date with until 4 months ago. 
To make the story short. Jerry is a Canadian born chinese who don,t speak cantonese, 5"8 tall ,well built, good looking 150 lbs from a well off family. He is in full support of my fetishes and loves seeing me dress sexy. 
He asked me to vacation to Hawaii with him and asked if I dare to dress like a slut for him the whole time there. I am to take 5 of my sexiest dresses and wear it the whole time with no panties. It was his fantasy about me and in return he would give me hours of foreplay. Just thinking about it got me really wet and shiver in my back. 
Two days later we were on the plane to Hawaii. I brought with me 5 minidress all short up to my butt cheeks or a little pass the butt cheeks, 1 lace ,1 with expose sides with 4 O-rings on each side,1 pink with see through sides & back pink mesh, string bikinis 6&7 inch platform heels,1 sandals ,make up , mini LV purse, jewelery, credit cards, passport. That was it. On the plane at the airport, I wore a T shirt and Jeans. 
As soon as we got to the hotel Jerry put my T shirt and Jeans in a bag and told the reception to put away in the safety box until Tuesday 5 days later. It was about 4;30 pm when Jerry came up from the reception, I was putting more make up on and he said from now on you are my sex slave . I then answered yes master. I was feeling very excited to see what  he had in mind for me. He then lie me down slowly in bed  nibble and lightly kiss on my hard nipples at the same time over my wet pussy lips, licking my clit G spot, then to my neck and gave me a big red hickey. 
I was moaning and screaming for 30 minutes wanting him to F me. He then all of a sudden stopped and said honey lets go out to grab a bite and tour the city. I didn,t do any thing to him but the 30 minutes of foreplay got me so excited wanted him to F me but he didn't. He wanted me to dress pink today. I put on my pink minidress with expose pink mesh sides & back. It was so short it stopped right at my butt cheeks view dress at <click here to view dress>  wore it with my white 7 inch platform heels. My lips was hot pink with cherry smell lip gloss ,painted my finger& toe nails pink. 
Jerry showed me a map of a restaurant he wanted me to strut by myself to meet me about 8 to 10 blocks down the street a 7:30 pm . He wanted to follow me from afar just like my X boy friend. 
Looking in the mirror my hard nipples were showing poking at the stretch baby pink fabric and admiring my little butt cheeks showing a little any more higher my pussy would be showing . 
Jerry calls me an Asian Slut doll, I am to look as calm and natural as possible as I walk in small criss cross steps stopping at some stores and maybe go up a few flight of escalators on the way to the restaurant. As I walked out the hotel dress like that with my white LV purse I can feel the warm breeze pass my pussy and the breeze on the mesh sides. I can't explain the feeling inside, the street was quite busy with a lot of people lots of girls in minidress but not as short as my. I did not cover the hickey that Jerry gave me on my neck.
During the first block I got about 5 whistles from guys, my heart was pounding  mad and my pussy very damp. I then looked back and saw about 3 guys behind me plus Jerry about 100 ft from me. I continue to walk slowly click clacking in my 7inch platform heels and knowing that my butt cheeks is showing for sure, I did not pull my dress down. 10 minutes of walking I got a tap on my shoulder from a ok looking Englishman in his late 30s from the UK asking if he can have a picture of me. I paused for a few second looking at him surprised & excited. I said yes. With every one on the street watching, I did 3 poses for him, front view  with my legs crossed standing, side view with the sheer side showing that I have no panties, for the back view I bend down a little so he can shoot more of my butt cheeks .I am sure he shot a good view of my pussy from behind. After that he said Thank You, you look beautiful so sexy in that dress . I admire you very much with so much confident, you will always be on my mind. Can I buy you coffee. I said sorry I have to meet my boyfriend for dinner. He shook his head and said wow what a lucky guy your boyfriend is. 
I continue to strut away and Jerry was a few store behind me. As I walk I can see cars with guys turning back around the block to get another view. Finally arriving at the restaurant I had to take the escalators up with many tails behind me . They all had a good view of my pussy from behind said Jerry. I actually came a little on the way up with juices trickling down half way down my thigh when I think about 4-5 of the guys whistle at me when they saw my wet pussy. 
After dinner we walked back to the hotel for you know what. We have over an hour of foreplay before intercourse. I enjoy it very much when he gives  hickeys on my nipple area, between my legs near my pussy. In return I would give him BJ until he comes in my mouth for me to drink up. We have sex at least 3-5 times every night for the 5 days ,did not get wake up until around  1pm in the afternoon. Every day was about the same ( very exciting ) in different daring dresses different adventures from shopping , street walking , tours , sun bathing, swimming too much to tell but I had a blast in Hawaii especially when you don't know anyone there.
