My Secret Fantasy
by Lacymonroe

Becky tries a secret fantasy that drives her fiance' wild.

It's strange behavior I'll admit, my fiancé Becky has been asking me lately if I know of any strip clubs around town.

"Is this a trick question?"

"Look..." I confess, "I've only been to one... (a lie) "Why are you interested in going to a strip club?"

Her eyes widened mentioning she would like to go, you know to look around a bit, explaining that's she's never been to one. I promise her I would take her someday but she insisted on me taking her much sooner, like this weekend.

"But the only place I know of is off Gateway Blvd. It's a nude club, I've never been there, it looks a little run down."

"The girls are nude?"

"Yes, I believe so, why? Is that alright?"

"Yea, I mean that's fine."

"I can find another one that's topless if you'd like."

"No, the club you have in mind is fine, I can handle nude."

Becky's always been a shy girl most of her life, so you can imagine why this was an odd request for her to make. She's a little chubby, not fat by any means, just chubby, which is why it strikes me that she would want to go to a strip club with thin gorgeous girls. Becky has always taken good care of her appearance, clearly she enjoys male attention. Although being shy, she has had moments in our relationship she has dressed a little provocative wanting to show herself off.

I never minded it, to me it was sexy.

"Why this sudden interest in strip clubs?" Being somewhat curious.

"I've always wanted to go to one, that's all. So are we going?"

"Yes but why?"

She didn't answer me.

I can see lately there's something different about her, the way she walks, her body pleading silently with a desperation in her eyes. She strokes her hair back from her forehead.

She's been showing more interest in sex lately, wanting to discover new things, expanding her lustful horizons. She seems to be more daring, letting go of her shy inhibitions, more open emotionally. We both have our fantasies, I mean she has hers and I have mine. She's admitted to me she likes to tease other guys and I admit that I like to watch. She's been open to me about it and some of our conversations were a little too hot to handle. Our sex life has literally exploded.

It was a tough couple of days having to work late, even though Becky didn't say much all week, she seemed infatuated with the idea of me taking her to a strip club. Come Friday night I agreed to take Becky to her first strip club, it's going to be interesting. I admit I'm nervous as hell, but at the same time I'm also excited. That strip joint over on Gateway Boulevard was in a tough neighborhood which made me extra nervous about going there with Becky.

On Friday night when I got home from work she seemed a bit jittery, a little overanxious. She walks out wearing this skin tight black dress and high heels.

"I don't think you should wear that dress tonight."

"Why not?"

"Because we're just going to look around. You look like one of the dancers."

She gives me a hard time, telling me it's fine. We drove to the strip club pulling into the dirt parking lot, my fingers gripping the steering wheel tightly the whole way. There wasn't too many cars thank god, it was still early around 10:00. We paid the cover charge and went inside. Becky seemed at first shocked, so was I. She looked around with a fierce kind of curiosity.

We stood out like a sore thumb as if we were lost or something. Becky was the only girl in the place who wasn't close to being naked. We watched a few girls dance, as few guys were checking out Becky which made me feel uncomfortable and protective. Becky kept asking me if I thought these girls were sexy? I admit the truth, telling her that they were.

"Do they make you hard?"

"What?"

"I promise I won't get mad," she insures me... "but do they turn you on when you look at them?"

"Yea, they're very attractive," I answer.

"If you were to take one home and fuck, who would you choose?"

"I'm not answering that question, it's discriminating."

She insisted I choose one. So I picked the tall Asian woman wearing a hot pink tiny bikini.

"I didn't know you were into Asian women?"

"It's a fantasy I guess."

"Wow, she's beautiful and those boobs, barley can she keep them in her top."

"Yea, she's hot, I would choose her."

"You always liked big tits," Becky tells me with a hint of jealousy.

"Becky, yea I guess, I don't know." Becky's always had a complex about her tits, I personally find them beautiful but Becky's tits compared to that Asian girl were small. Becky always wished her tits were bigger.

It was weird, I mean she just sat there staring at this tall Asian girl until a waitress came up behind us asking what we wanted to drink. It was a two drink minimum, so I had to pay for four drinks upfront.

The rest of the night was fun, as the night unfolded it seemed that Becky didn't care if I stared at the girls, she seemed to be lost in her own little world. We stayed a few hours, I asked her if she wanted to visit the gift shop, she kept eyeing these red thigh high latex boots.

"You like those boots?" I ask her.

"Yea, their sexy, can you imagine me wearing them?"

I was thinking of buying them for her but the price was way too much.

On the drive home she mentioned that she had fun, that she would like me to take her again.

"Really Becky? You had fun tonight?"

"Yes, there's something about dancing in a club that intrigues me."

"Why, do you like strange men looking at you?"

"Yes, it always turned me on," showing me her exhibitionist side.

"I'm shocked to hear you say that, I mean it's not like you, you always seemed shy."

When we got home we had crazy sex. We never fucked that way before, it seemed as if she was possessed..

A few days later Becky mentions she wants to go again. So on Friday night we made plans that after work I would take her again. She got excited.

Come Friday night, I come home from work and Becky saunters into the kitchen. "What the fuck..." having to pick my jaw up off the floor. She had on this tight red halter top, skimpy tight fitting black booty shorts and a pair of black and silver spiked high heels and her make up carefully prepared.

"What the fuck...what's all this?" I ask.

"Aren't we going to that strip club again tonight?"

"Yes but why are you dressed like that?"

"Do you like it?" She does a half turn bending over.

My heart sunk in my chest..."Fuck yes I do, but sweetheart places like this doesn't exactly attract the nicest guys."

I admit being nervous, her prancing around wearing an outfit like this can cause big problems.

"I can handle the attention, believe me honey, I'll be fine."

'Attention... is this what this is all about? Attention?' I wonder to myself.

While driving to the club she noticed the big bulge in my pants as on several occasions reaching over rubbing it, barely can I control myself. Stopped at a red light Becky caught the attention of a rough looking truck driver. Unexpectedly she pulls down her top flashing him her tits as he blew the truck's loud horn as we drove away.

"You can't be doing shit like that," I tell her nervously.

"Why not? It's fun."

"You're going to get me killed."

I confess, her sudden attitude towards sex and stripping turned me on, however, I instruct her that once we get inside the club to stay close to me. "We'll walk around a little and watch some girls dance then we'll see what happens."

"Aren't we going to buy anything from the gift shop?" she asks me.

"Yes, alright we'll buy something," I said nervously trying to keep the car on the road.

As we pull into the gravel parking lot, I glance at my watch figuring it was still a little early, it wasn't until later when the real perverts come out. My plan was to get her in and get her out before the place started filling up.

As we enter the club this sleazy man was ruthlessly checking out Becky with this perverted slime ball stare, Becky hardly noticed him. The place was dark, however the club lit up with red and blue and yellow dance lights, Becky was enthralled watching a few girls dance nude wanting to see more.

She stared at me with a ripe dazzling look in her eyes, "These girls are so beautiful, and dance so sexy," she tells me.

We both took a seat near the stage, feeling a little hesitant to see how Becky was going to react. Just then the music starts as this petit red hair dancer pranced across the stage wearing a little leopard skin micro bikini. We both watched as this girl dance seductively, Becky drew her eyes upon her and became fascinated holding onto my arm tightly. The dancer flung herself around the steel pole like a snake, slithering her sexy body up an down the silver pole. She took off her bikini top dropping to her knees in front of both of us, Becky leans over asking me to give her some money. The girl turns slowly around shoving her ass into Becky's face. I hand Becky a few one dollar bills watching as Becky lays the dollar bills on the stage in front of her.

"Three dollars isn't enough give some more."

I hand Becky a five as she lays it on the stage. The girl dances around flirting with the other men who were enjoying her performance. Then the red headed seductress stops in front of us removing her bikini bottoms and squatting down spreading her legs showing us her pussy.

Becky becomes aroused staring right at the stripper's pussy for what seemed to be the longest time. For the rest of the song the red headed goddess struts around the stage naked with a air of confidence collecting a few more one dollar bills that were laying on the stage. She then looks over at us and the cash laying in front of us, she saunters over bending down picking up the cash exposing her pussy and butt hole whispering thank you, giving Becky and I this dangerously sexy look. I can hear Becky gasp before watching this woman vanish behind the velvet curtain.

"Are you alright?" I ask.

Becky confessed to me, watching her dance made her wet.

"I didn't know you were into girls?"

"It's not her I'm excited about, it's what she does."

"You mean strip?"

"It's just the way she carries herself, so sexy, I want to learn to do that."

"You are sexy, you've always been sexy."

"I want to know how to be super sexy like her, I've been shy all my life."

"Oh, so is this what this is all about, you want to be more sexy?"

"I want to meet her," said Becky, "I want to tell her how beautiful she is."

"I guess you have to wait until she comes out."

Just then a tall slender girl walks out from the back wearing a tight fitting white bikini. Becky gets her attention asking the name of the red headed woman who just danced and if she could have a word with her?

"Oh, her name is Lynette, do you want me to go get her for you?"

"Yes, awesome, thank you," Becky said with a bright eyed look.

"Why in the hell do you need to meet her?"

"I want to tell her how beautiful she is."

"I'm sure she knows..."

Just then the gorgeous red head struts out from behind the black velvet curtain wearing this blue mini fishnet see thru dress revealing everything. My dick got hard instantly. Becky made no hesitation walking right up to her...I couldn't take my eyes off what she was wearing, seeing her nipples peeking through the holes of her fishnet dress.

"Hi my name's Becky, I was watching you dance and I just want to say how beautiful you are."

"Oh thank you sweetie, yes I did notice you watching me, thank you."

Another tall girl walks out from the back standing next to me joining the conversation, "Hi my name is Julianne."

"Do you dance?" Lynnette asks Becky.

"No, but I always wanted to try."

"Why don't you try it?" asked Lynnette.

I had this look of shock on my face.

"Someday I would like to," said Becky, "I've always been kind of turned on by the idea, curious to see what it's like."

"Why don't you try it tonight?" teased Lynnette.

"What? Me? Dance tonight?" Becky's face lit up with excitement.

"Yea, I mean it's not busy, actually were short one girl, I can talk to Vincent the club manager, I'm sure he wouldn't mind. I mean shit, I bet a lot of men would pay a premium to watch you dance honey," said Lynnette.

"Um I don't think so," I said interrupting their conversation, firmly staring at my fiancé.

However, Lynnette insisted on it, demanding she try it. The look in Becky's eyes grew fearless, mentioning to me that she'd love to at least try it once.

"You mean you're going to really do it?" Clenching my jaw.

Two other girls came swaying out from the back room wearing red and pink tiny bikini's and high heels, their bodies sleek and smooth glazed with a tiny splash of body glitter. I watch helplessly as both girls strut past me, my full erection bulging in my pants. "So you're going to let Becky dance?" Julianne asks me, interrupting my staring at her large tits. I simply nod my head up and down.

"Wow I wish my boyfriend was this understanding?" said Julianne

I didn't want to say anything in front of the two girls but this whole idea of Becky actually dancing was exciting but at the same time driving me insane. How was I going to handle my fiancé up there naked with all those guys staring at her.

"Let's ask Vincent if it's alright if you can dance tonight," said Julianne.

Oh my god, my cock was gorged thinking of my Becky actually dancing. With the help of Julianne and Lynette they talk with the club's manager asking if Becky could try dancing.

I could see the three of them talking to Vincent as he was tending bar. Lynnette and Julianne began jumping up and down excited. That's when my heart sank.

"Vincent said it was cool and she gets to keep all of her tips for the two dances," said Lynnette.

"Honey are you sure you would like this sort of thing? There's a lot of fucking creeps," asking Becky one last time.

"Yes, I'm sure." Becky said with a touch of nervousness.

"You'll be up there naked," I said.

Lynnette looks at Becky. Becky in turn was staring back at me with a little concern in her eyes.

"You don't have to get completely naked..." said Lynnette it's your first time, just take off your top."

Well do you want to try it?" I said.

Both Lynnette and Julianne grab Becky by her hand escorting her back stage disappearing behind the black velvet curtain.

Nervously I wait and wait and wait, she must have been back stage for little more than an hour. Then suddenly Lynette comes strolling out asking me if I wanted to take a seat near the stage.

"I must warn you..." says Lynette, "she's looks hot."

Just then the music starts, my heart sinks into my stomach, grabbing a seat near the stage. The announcer introduces a new act for tonight, I thought I was going to die...oh my god.

A booming voice echoes out from the speakers..."Ladies and gentlemen please welcome for tonight only Beckyyyyy..."

The music is turned up feeling jittery but thrilled as the black velvet curtain parts seeing Becky and Julianne step out onto the stage. My eyes bulge out of my sockets, seeing Becky prance around wearing a bright pink too small fitting bikini and a pair of black high heels, her tits were spilling out from the top and the sides of the bikini top which barely covered her nipples. Becky had this shyness about her at first, watching her with a bursting erection as her sexy chubby body began to sway to the beat of the erotic techno music making this black man sitting next to me struggle to stay still in his seat. I couldn't peel my eyes away from Becky's tits and the way that tight bikini bottom rode up her ass. I could see the guy sitting across from me on the other side of the stage become excited watching Becky dance.

My heart skimped a few beats... feeling this huge lump in my throat.

"Oh she's a natural, she seems to be getting into it," said Lynnette.

"Yea your right, she's not acting like her old shy self any more."

Strange men were flipping one dollar bills at her. Becky eloquently turns around bending over, squatting down, seductively rubbing her breasts together. She takes pleasure showing off her curvy hips shaking her plump ass, dancing at such a hypnotic pace.

Becky removes her bikini top showing off her tits, her large areolas practically shoved in the face of some strange man. More and more money floods the stage, Becky squeezes her tits together watching the few men sitting around the stage smile deviously. By the second song she was completely nude. I became extremely jealous but also excited, silence overcame me, I couldn't speak. The bulge in my pants was too overwhelming. Becky bent all the way over in front of this strange man who got a good view of her pussy before seeing this black man calling Becky over to him. The man flew a small wad of bills onto the stage making Becky crawl over to him, her innocence was gone.

Becky raised her ass high for him to see between her cheeks, arching her back perfectly, raising her bubble butt before literally shoving her ass in his face. She then drops to her hands and knees extending her back, her butt cheeks spread open, the man gazes right up Becky's pussy. The scary thing is, she liked it.

After the second song Julianne pulls Becky off stage, whisking her off into the back room as Julianne steps up on stage taking her place.

I can't help to follow Lynnette down the stairs meeting up with Becky entering the half lit dressing room, Becky seemed to be out of breath, breathing fast and deep. "This will definitely get me in shape," she said. "I never knew how hard it was to dance erotically for two full songs. Did you see me honey?"

"How did you like it?" I ask her.

"Fuck sweetheart, I loved it, did you see me? Oh my god what a rush?"

"Yes I was watching," staring at her naked body.

"When you get them throwing money on stage like that it's a great sign," Lynnette was telling Becky..."Now if you worked here, some guy would approach you asking for a private lap dance," said Lynnette, "And that's where you could make some good money."

"But he can't touch her right?" I ask concerned.

Lynnette only ignores my question rolling her eyes, immediately wrapping her arms around Becky's shoulder handing her a ten dollar bill saying that some guy threw it on stage and she forgot to pick it up. All three women began laughing getting along great together, I have to admit I'm becoming extremely turned on but frightened to no end. I follow the girls back upstairs as we walk back to Vincent's office.

"So, did you like it?" Vincent asks Becky.

"Oh god... I loved it."

"So are you looking to dance on a nightly basis?"

"Yea, I guess."

"What? Wait a minute. I thought this was only a one time thing," I argue butting in on their conversation.

"Well, I am looking for another girl," Vincent said.

Becky's eyes grew excited.

Vincent explained the rules and the percentage that the club keeps from the money she earns, the same way Julianne was explaining to us earlier.

"Well that makes my job easy..." said Vincent, "Here, fill out this application and come in on Tuesday night and perform. You'll have Tuesdays and Wednesdays and an occasional Saturday from 9 til 3 am."

"Wait a minute Becky, you're not really going to take this job. We were just acting out one of our fantasies, that all," becoming a bit uneasy.

Becky just stares at me dumbfounded.

As we exit the club, the manager turns out to be one of the owners handing Becky those red thigh high latex boots... "The boots are free sweetheart, my gift."

"Oh my god how did you know?" Becky asked Vincent.

"I saw you gawking at them when you walked into the store last week. You start Tuesday night, be sure you're are here by eight and make us both a lot of money."

When we got home that night Becky tried on her new boots, I've never been so aroused in my whole life. We had mind shattering sex that night and I loved the new elevated confidence those new shiny boots gave her, loving the new spark of thrill and excitement this added to our sex life.

Upon getting home from work Monday night there was a hand written note saying she went shopping with her best friend Stephanie for some new outfits. She tried on one of the new dresses when she got home and I nearly creamed my jeans.

"I have something to show you," she said leading me upstairs to our bedroom.

"What is it?" I ask curious as hell.

She had me stand in the doorway for several minutes with my eyes closed waiting patiently, hearing her jump onto our bed.

"Ok." she said, "You can open your eyes now."

I open my eyes finding her lying on our bed with her legs spread wide apart. I could see that her pussy completely clean, no hair. Her pussy looked so velvety smooth, I lost my fucking mind, staring at her hairless pussy.

"When did you do that?"

"I shave it before going to the mall, it was Stephanie's idea."

'Who was Becky turning into?' I wondered, some kind of sex goddess.

"Do you want to eat my pussy baby?" She whispers...

That night I licked her clean, giving her two orgasms. I fucked her silly cumming on that smooth cunt of hers, leaving her clit swimming in my semen.

Come Tuesday night I was so pissed off, I was being forced to work late so I missed Becky's opening dance debut. I didn't get home until around 10 making several calls to her cell phone to make sure she was alright. All five of my messages went directly to voicemail and several unanswered text messages which of course concerned me.

I didn't get to the club until close to midnight. Becky had already danced twice by the time I got there. Stephanie was there greeting me at the bar. "Oh my god, she was so sexy," Stephanie's attitude sparkled with excitement and with a hint of jealousy.

"Don't tell me your thinking of doing this also?" I ask her.

"She looks as if she's having so much fun."

"Where is she now?" I ask.

"Back stage, she's going to perform again soon," Stephanie tells me taking a sip of her drink.

I order two shots for me and Stephanie and we anxiously wait for Becky to return to the stage.

"You know..." Stephanie said, "that black man over there has been hanging around the stage trying to get Becky's attention."

"Oh my god, he was here the other night."

"He's been rather gracious with his cash when Becky's dancing," Stephanie says taking another sip of her drink.

"I hope he's not going to try anything?"

"You mean like try to pay her for a private lap dance?"

"Yes, I don't think I could handle that."

Twenty minutes later some R & B music starts to play as the lights blare on stage. I lost my breath when they announced her name over the loudspeaker....

"Here once again dancing on her debut night, welcome Becky...."

She came prancing out in a extra short skin tight black dress wearing those thigh high latex red boots. Her make up done to perfection, her hair teased, she moved like a cat. Her smile was intoxicating, Stephanie and I couldn't take our eyes off her. A rush of fear seeped into the pit of my stomach as she slithered her body around that shiny metal pole, sliding up and down.

"Where did she learn to do that?" asking Stephanie.

"A few of the girls gave her a couple of quick lessons when we got here."

"Really? Fuck!"

She falls to her hands and knees crawling around the stage getting all the men excited. I see as they reach for their wallets removing $1 dollar bills. She pushes her sexual boundaries, not the shy little Becky I once knew proving to herself how wild she can be. I watch as she sways her hips to the soft beat of the music, lifting her dress up over her plump ass bending way over in front of that same black man sitting near the stage. The man stares at her ass, not at all blinking as Becky nearly shoved her whole ass into his face along with a little sexy smile. I so fucking hard to see her dance, I mean it did bother me at first but after a while, after she started getting into it, I became curious in the way to see all the men admiring her body. Yes I was jealous but also so turned on.

I watch her as she spreads her legs taking in deep breaths, leaning way back exposing every inch of her gorgeous body. The expressions on the men's faces were a bit strange but erotic, the way she spread her legs, raising her hips showing off her pussy. Her finger would strum along her smooth pussy, strumming it firmly, strumming it softly, completely dominating the stage. I nearly cum in my pants.

However after Becky was off stage for a while, she came walking back out, I see that black man approach Becky. I stood up like I was ready to fight or something. "Are you alright?" Stephanie asks me.

"What is he doing?"

"Who?"

"That black guy, he's talking to Becky."

Just then I see Becky nod her head yes as he follows her into the back room.

"What the hell is she doing?" I began to panic.

Lynnette then appears on the floor as I rush up to her in a panic, explaining to her that Becky disappeared into the back with this black guy.

"Relax, she's going to give him a private dance."

"A lap dance?"

"Yes, relax."

I was on edge the whole time.

I waited until Becky came out. I must of waited 30 minutes complaining that it took so long for a fucking lap dance. When Becky walked out she looked different, not like herself. I rush up to her..."Are you alright?"

"Yea, my shift is over, let's go home."

We didn't get home until after 3:30 in the morning. Becky was silent the whole way home. It was obvious something was bothering her but she didn't want to talk about it. I left it alone.

Anxiously I couldn't sleep, so I went downstairs to watch a movie on Netflix. Becky came down sitting next to me cuddling putting the movie on pause, we talked...

"I'm proud of you," I tell her.

"You are?"

"Yes, you got to do what you always wanted to do."

"Yea, I guess."

"Are you going to keep dancing?"

"I don't know maybe."

"Something seemed to be bothering you when you walked out from giving that man a private dance?"

She didn't say anything, we kissed admitting to her that I enjoyed watching her still smelling the erotic sense of her perfume. She moved her hips back and forth grinding into my thigh before laying back spreading her legs.

"Fuck me," she tells me.

And I did, we fucked like crazy, thrusting my hips, penetrating her deep. She surrendered to me, feeling like I was her lusty conquering hero. "Oh god..." I moan cumming inside her, but Becky seemed to want to keep going. "Please don't stop, keep fucking me," she pleaded, so I kept going until she experienced this orgasm that made her body shake. By then I was done, laying next to her, both panting.

Over the course of the weeks that followed, it seemed she was sexed crazed, literally drunk on sex. She became addicted to showing off her body. She started dieting and jogging every morning, even working out with weights, she signed up for a class that teaches the art of pole dancing. What happened to the shy introverted fiancé I once had?

She had been dancing now for little over a month, she lost weight, her body was looking tone.

One night she came home from the club with a large wad of cash.

"Fuck Becky...how much is there?" I pick up the thick roll of money, peeling off the rubber band unraveling the bills one by one. It turns out to be $425 in sorted increments of 1's, 5's, 10's. There was even a 50 dollar bill buried in there amongst the wad.

"How did you earn this much in one night?"

"Remember that black man that used to come by when I first started?"

"Yea, what about him?"

"He and his friend paid me tonight."

"Oh my god Becky, for what? A private dance?" I feel my heart sink in my chest, becoming speechless...

"He requested a private room. Then they started snapping pictures of me."

"Pictures? Nude pictures?"

"Yes."

"I gave them both a private lap dance and they offered me extra cash if they could take pictures of me, posing in different positions. You're not allowed pictures with clients but I did it anyway."

"Oh fuck, did you have sex with them?" I ask nervously.

She remains silent.

"Becky tell me you didn't you have sex with them?"

Again she doesn't say a word.

"Well I mean, I like it when men look at me, I like it when they get excited when I dance."

"Did you have sex?" Nervously I ask again.

The truth is my cock is throbbing, taking in deep breaths, her words turning to faint whispers, holding that wad of cash in my hands.

"My pussy was so wet being naked in front of those complete strangers."

"Tell me what happened," feeling this overwhelming urge to jack off to her words.

She explained to me how the two men made her do dirty things in front of them and asking her to finger her pussy right in front of them, how taking pictures of her turned her on exploiting herself. With a quiver in her voice she explained how she couldn't stop herself, how she carelessly teased the two of them while she allowed them to play with her tits. Both men stood up removing their pants.

"I was so turned on from all the attention they were giving me that I ended up giving them a blowjob."

I was stunned when she said that.

"Really? Did this really happen?" Looking at her while she tells me her wild sexual adventure. I unzip my trousers freeing my hard cock as I start stroking.

"Then one guy bends me over the table and fucks me hard."

Anxiously I stoke harder... "Tell me more."

She continued...

"When he was done, the other guy fucked me, then they took turns fucking me, one man, then the other. The one guy was the first to shoot his huge load on me."

"Where?" I ask.

"On my ass."

"Please tell me more..." I beg her.

"You like hearing my stories?"

"Yes I do."

"You like hearing how other men used me and had their way with me?"

"Yes!"

"A few minutes later the other man splattered all over my tits."

"Oh my god Becky..." I said not being able to take no more, I ejaculate collapsing down beside her on the bed, breathing heavy. After several minutes I ask her...

"Then what happened next?"

"Well when they were done. They left. Vincent the club's manger called me into his office locking the door. Then he violently bends me over shoving his cock inside me."

"You mean he fucked you to?" Gasping.

"No sweetie..." laughing, "I'm only kidding you fucking pervert... I quit the job."

"What..." I was in shock! "What do you mean?"

"I decided not to dance anymore, I just wanted to try it."

"So all that didn't happen?"

"No!" She starts laughing again.

"Then how did you come home with all this money?"

"Oh I danced tonight and I had a lot of fun, it was my secret fantasy to be one of those girls dancing naked on stage."

"So what you're telling me is that you and those other guys and Vincent fucking you never happened?"

"No, but I see you got off on it."

With a heavy sigh, I have to admit I was relieved.
