"Hello darling." Simon's mother (Julie, Paula's brain supplied) kissed Simon's cheek and hugged him. Simon hugged back but seemed sort of shocked. Paula knew he was close to his mother and wanted him to snap out of it. She was the one facing an awkward evening, after all.

"You look nice," he said.

"She called me a few days ago, and I knew you were coming so I thought, why not?" Terri asked, clearly extremely pleased with herself. Paula wanted to slap the grin off her face but refrained. It was hard enough, being with Simon and not at the same time. It was hard enough facing an evening with his ex-girlfriend who was supposedly also a friend. It was hard enough being in London away from her life, her assistant, and her wider wardrobe. The last thing she needed was Simon's mother thrown into the mix.

"You know Paula," Simon said. Paula shook Julie's hand and it became clear that neither knew what to say to one another and that Julie wasn't entirely sure why Paula was even there.

"It's nice to see you again, Mrs. Cowell," she said finally and then there were a few beats too many of silence. Inside, Paula started to hate Simon and his country just a little bit.

"Well, it's ready," Terri said, and they moved to the table. Paula was used to Simon pulling out the seat for her, but instead held a chair for his mother and gave an apologetic expression to Paula as she sat across from him, next to Terri.

Terri immediately launched into catching Simon up on her life. Paula could see exactly what she was doing – she was reminding him that she was fabulous whether he was in her life or not. It came off a little petty, but Paula didn't blame her because she'd been there before. Paula didn't forgive her, however, for making her sit through twenty minutes of stories about Simon, Simon's mother, and Terri, which Paula couldn't participate in at all.

"Remember Simon?" Terri said, laughing. "I can't believe the toilet flooded the whole suite! Julie and I slept together in the bed and you slept on that little cot!"

"I remember," Simon said, pouring himself more wine and then topping off Paula's glass.

"That was still a lovely vacation," Julie sighed. "We had such fun together."

Paula drank her wine. She was eating the food, but she didn't really taste it.

"I hear you're singing again," Terri said. It took a moment for Paula to realize that she was finally being spoken to, and she smiled.

"Randy and I recorded a song," Paula said. "It's true."

"How exciting," Terri cooed. "You and Randy!"

"I was in the video," Simon said. "A great song. She looked great in the video."

"Thank you," Paula said.

"I've always been a fan," Terri said. "I used to dance around to your songs in my bedroom when I was a little girl!" Paula knew a compliment when she heard one and this wasn't it. This was, however, a thinly veiled insult – it was Terri calling her old.

"And that was what? Five years ago?" Paula snapped.

"I think I'm going to go have a smoke," Simon said, pushing back on the table. "Paula? You want to go get some air?"

Paula stood and followed Simon out the side door on to the little balcony while Terri and Simon's mother watched them disappear behind the gauzy curtains. Outside, the clouds had gathered and everything was covered with a very fine layer of snow. Paula's teeth chattered and she wrapped her arms around herself. Simon lit his cigarette and she didn't complain. Being out here was still better than being in there.

"My mum is an innocent bystander in all of this," Simon said.

"I know," she said. Julie had been nothing but polite and distant in her civil, British way.

"And this isn't about you. It's about Terri being angry at me," Simon said.

"All right," she said. "Fuck, it's cold."

"We'll go," Simon said. "And we'll invite my mum over and we'll do this again, but right."

"And you'll tell her what, exactly?" Paula asked, miserably. "That I'm your co-worker?"

"No," he said. "I don't know. I'll tell her the truth."

"That we have sex but you have no intention of having a real relationship with me?" she said.

"You're the one who didn't want to talk about it, Paula. You're the one who said you didn't want things to change! What do you want from me? You know me, you know me better than almost anyone now. I've been bending over backwards to accommodate you and I can't seem to make you happy no matter what!" he said, his hissing almost louder and more startling than yelling. He ground out his cigarette and flung the butt over the edge to the street below.

"You're right," she said. "I don't know what I want. I want everything, but I don't get to have that so..."

"Says who?" he said.

"I can't have this talk here," she said.

"Okay," he said. "Come on." He opened the door and they stepped back into the stifling, warm apartment. Julie smiled at them.

"Feeling a little better?" she asked them and Simon kissed her cheek.

"We're fine, Mum," he said. "I'm actually feeling a little tired. We had a long day today so we were thinking of taking off."

"So soon?" asked Terri from the doorway. "I haven't even served dessert yet."

"Rain check," Simon said.

"Well, I'll box some up," she said. "Lend me a hand, Paula?"

"Of course," Paula said, following Terri into the kitchen, hoping one day she might exit it again too. There was a pie on the counter and Terri pulled a long knife out of the butcher's block on the counter. Paula knew she wasn't there to help but to listen so she stepped out of the way and leaned against the counter. "You seem to be doing well," Paula said.

"Very," Terri replied, slicing through the pie. It was still warm; Paula could see the steam rising from within. "You too. You seem happy."

Which was a lie. Maybe Paula was happy in the larger scheme of things but tonight, at this dinner, she was not happy. She felt attacked, sideswiped and out of her league. Terri had been the worst kind of bitch. She had played the mother card and had pretended to be nice while doing it.

"Simon is a good host," Paula said, feeling a little like rubbing her nose in it. Terri navigated a slice of the pie into a plastic container and then turned to face Paula.

"Let me tell you something about Simon," Terri said. "He is charming and wonderful. He likes to date his friends. He hates getting to know new people, so he waits and then when you least expect it, he lures you into his bed. But then time passes, and he doesn't want anything to change, and then more time passes and he gets bored and suddenly he's off finding a new friend and you're all alone." She spun back around to slice the second piece.

"Terri, I'm really sorry things didn't work out for you, but..." Paula said.

"Take your pie," she said, shoving the warm containers into Paula's hand before leaving the kitchen and disappearing down a dark hallway. She heard a door slam. Paula set the pie back onto the counter and went back into the living room.

"Everything all right?" Simon asked.

"We should probably go," Paula said carefully.

"We're going to take Mum home," he said. Julie was already in her coat, looking uncomfortable. Simon helped Paula with her coat and they let themselves out quietly. Paula sat in the backseat and they were on the road before Simon spoke.

"Care to share what that was about?" he asked, finally.

"She was upset," Paula said.

"What did you say?" he asked.

"I barely said three words," Paula said, defensively.

"Terri is upset about you, dear," Julie said. "She's just learning to adjust to life without you."

"It's been months," Simon said. "We shouldn't have gone over there."

"That's what I said," Paula muttered. "Though it was nice to catch up with you, Mrs. Cowell."

In the rearview mirror, Simon rolled his eyes at her.

"You'll come for Christmas, won't you?" Julie asked Paula.

"I'm here through the new year," Paula said.

"Oh good," Julie said. "We can really get to know each other then."

"I'd like that," Paula said.

"How about you get together tomorrow?" Simon asked. Paula blinked. "I have one more day of filming before the break. You'd be bored all day, Paula."

"You should come over for tea!" Julie agreed.

"Sure," Paula agreed. How could she say no?

oooo

Paula sat at the foot of Simon's bed. Simon was taking off his clothes, getting ready for bed. Paula was thinking about how glad she was that the evening was over but how she was not looking forward to tomorrow.

"Paula?" Simon was waving his hand in front of her face. She looked up at him. He was in pajama pants and shirtless. He looked a little scruffy after a day of beard growth and he looked tired. It had to have been a hard night for him, too.

"Yeah?" she asked. "Sorry. I was zoning."

"I'm sorry about..."

"No, I am," she said. "Let's just... pretend this night never happened." He sat next to her and sighed.

"I'm not ashamed of you," he said. "I just feel what we do is no one's business but our own."

"I agree," she said. "I don't want to fight."

"We're not fighting," he promised. "If you want to tell Terri. If you want to tell my mother. If you want to tell Ken and Nigel, I won't stop you."

"It's not that I want to tell anyone," she said. "I just hate lying."

"We're tired," he said. "Let's put on a movie and fall asleep."

"I'm going to go call Lauren," she said. "Can I use your office?"

"It's six am there," he warned.

"I know," Paula said.

"Go ahead," he said. "I'll be here."

Lauren answered on the second ring while Paula settled into Simon's leather chair in his dark office. She didn't bother with the light – the light from the hall was good enough. She kicked off her shoes.

"Hello?" Lauren asked, sounding tired but awake.

"Hey, it's Paula," she said.

"Hi!" Lauren said, perking up. "How is London?"

"Wet and cold," said Paula. "Did I wake you?"

"No, I'm awake. Working on your website," she said. "Are you okay? You sound kind of gloomy."

"Simon and I had dinner with Terri..."

"What?" exclaimed Lauren.

"And his mother," Paula finished. She could hear the sound Lauren sucking in air through her teeth.

"Yikes," she said. "How was that?"

"Terri surprised his mother on the both of us and called me old," Paula said.

"Does she know about you and Simon?" Lauren asked.

"Oh, she knows. I don't know how she knows, but she knows. She cornered me in the kitchen and ranted about Simon sleeping with all his friends and getting bored, or something. I don't know; it was creepy. And now I have to have tea with his mother, alone, tomorrow."

"What will you talk about?" Lauren asked.

"Fuck if I know," Paula said. "I just wanted to check in with you and complain about England."

"Things are all quiet here, boss," Lauren said. "Thought I miss the Paula show."

"And I miss you," Paula admitted. "And the stern way you run my life."

"How is Simon?" she asked. "During all of this craziness?"

"He was actually really good. To tell you the truth, it's me that's acting kind of crazy."

"You? Crazy? No..." Lauren laughed. "Who would ever believe that?"

"Smartass," Paula said. "It's like, he's totally calm about everything, and I'm a mood swing away from laughing or crying every ten minutes."

"This is supposed to be your vacation," Lauren said. "Don't worry about what people are thinking and just concentrate on you and Simon. That's my advice."

"I'll try," Paula said. "Anyway. I'm going to sleep."

"Goodnight," Lauren said.

"Good morning," Paula said. "Bye."

She picked up her shoes and went back to the bedroom. Simon was in bed and smiled at her when she came in. He looked tired and was watching some show on the TV that she didn't recognize.

"Good talk?" he asked.

"Yep," she said. "I'm going to go wash my face." She took off her dress and put on a nightgown. She took off her make-up and when she came out Simon threw back the covers and she slid in next to him. "What are we watching?"

"I haven't the faintest," he said. He turned off the TV, pulled her close, and they fell asleep.

oooo

Paula stayed in bed while Simon got ready to go to work. She was half awake, but mostly dozing. She felt him kiss her goodbye and then she fell into a real sleep, stretching out and sleeping in the middle of the bed.

When she woke up, Mrs. Lewis was downstairs.

"Hello, love," Mrs. Lewis said. "Do you want breakfast? I was just about to leave on my errands."

"I don't need anything," Paula smiled. "Go ahead."

"Simon said to tell you that he's sending a car at three," she said. "I'll see you later."

"Bye," she said.

When three rolled around, Paula was nervous. The car arrived and she slipped in, nodding at the driver who didn't try to talk to her. It wasn't a long ride. Julie met her at the door and smiled at her.

"Hello, come in," she said.

"Hi Mrs. Cowell," Paula said, feeling silly as she said so. She felt like she was still in high school, going to her boyfriend's house in her cheerleading uniform.

"Call me Julie, please," she said. "Come on, hang your coat. Everything is ready."

They sat and chatted about nothing for a while, generic small talk. Finally, Julie set down her cup to level with her.

"What Terri did was wrong," Julie said. "She wanted to be with Simon forever, though I could have told her that wasn't going to happen."

"I..." Paula shrugged. "You know Simon and his women."

"I do," Julie said. "I just want you to know that even though I love Terri like a daughter, I don't hold anything against you for being with my son."

"Oh!" Paula said. "Simon and I are just... we're, you know, with Idol, and when he said I should come for Christmas. Because we've know each other for a while, now, and I just... with him." She closed her eyes briefly. "What I mean to say, is Simon and I are just friends."

Julie stared at her.

"What?" Paula asked, uncomfortably.

"Was that supposed to convince me?" Julie chuckled. "I know Simon. He's always had girlfriend after girlfriend. But he's never had a girlfriend like you."

"Like me?" she asked.

"Someone more famous than he is, for one," she said.

"Well, I'm not exactly his girlfriend," Paula said, sipping her tea. "Half the time he still can't stand me."

"I know he's harsh," Julie said. "Especially on camera. But he gushes about you."

"Gushes?" Paula smirked. "Really?"

"Really," Julie promised. "I don't know how you won him over, but you should bottle it and sell it."

Paula smiled, her expression mysterious over the rim of her teacup.