Jack woke up the next morning to find Lorie still sleeping beside him. Ever since Jack had answered the sperm donor ad his life had been getting more interesting and fun with each passing day. Jack found himself wondering what today would bring, and if he would receive another call into the clinic. If that were to happen he wondered what Lorie would decide to do while he was there.

Jack got out of bed and went into the bathroom, taking care of business and then going into the shower, leaving Lorie still sleeping in his bed. About half way through his shower Lorie stepped into the shower with him and the two started washing each other. But Jack refrained from doing anything more with Lorie in the shower since he was expecting a call from the clinic shortly and he felt he should save his strength for whatever adventure they might have for him. Lorie was a little disappointed by this until she heard Jack's reason for it whereupon she brightened considerably. It was something Jack found a bit puzzling but he already knew Lorie somehow got off on him going to the clinic.

Jack barely had even had a chance to dry off from his shower when sure enough the phone rang, it was the clinic. They were asking if Jack would e free to spend the entire day at the clinic and while he had the day off from work, the presence of Lorie was a complication. He hesitated a moment before asking Lorie but she almost forcefully told him to go ahead and go to the clinic; she would see Jack again in the evening. With Lorie's agreement Jack told the clinic he would be in shortly.

Actually, Lorie found the idea of Jack servicing the women at the clinic to be extremely exciting; her pussy tingled and moistened every time she thought about it. This was why the little oriental girl pushed Jack to go in that day even though they had just met. In fact, Lorie was planning to go to the clinic herself a bit after Jack left to see if she could talk them into letting her watch Jack in action there. Lorie was pretty sure the women who ran the place would allow her to do so and she was looking forward to the exciting voyeuristic thrill she would have from watching Jack in action.

The most exciting idea of all for Lorie was the possibility that she might get the chance to watch Jack impregnate one of the female clients. That idea excited the Asian girl so much she could barely contain herself, even just thinking about it made her almost unbearably horny. Then after she watched Jack at work Lorie was thinking it would be great to get a deposit of his sperm in her own pussy. She was sure she could arrange this as well.

Jack and Lorie dressed and left for the clinic together, where Jack would have another session and Lorie would presumably get her car and go home. After parking the car Jack asked Lorie for her phone number which she happily gave him, and then the two split up. Jack went into the clinic and Lorie off to her car.

Jack arrived at the clinic and after waiting in front for a few minutes Mei came out to take him to the back, greeting him with a big smile. The Asian woman led Jack back to one of the same treatment rooms he had been in before. Jack climbed up on the examination table and Mei seated herself at the desk. After working silently at the desk for a few minutes Mei finished and turned toward Jack, who had been sitting patiently on the paper covered table.

"We have a natural insemination for you today. Do you want to help our client with that?" Mei asked Jack.

"Sure! Those are the best kind for me anyway," Jack answered enthusiastically.

"Yes, I know they are for you," Mei answered with a knowing smile.

"Just tell me what I need to do to help," Jack said.

"Good. You can start by removing your clothes," Mei instructed.

At the same time Lorie walked into the client's entrance to the clinic which was hidden from the entrance Jack had used. The Asian girl spent a few minutes talking to the staff in back, several of which Jack had not met yet, and was soon ensconced in the observation room, watching Jack and Mei on one of the video monitors available there. Lorie was very excited about watching Jack service his next client, which would be happening shortly.

Back in the treatment room Jack quickly removed his clothes and sat back down on the paper-covered treatment table. He was already feeling some anticipatory excitement about what was to come and this had brought his cock to life. Jack noticed Mei's eyes lingered on his penis for a moment before she brought herself back to the business at hand.

"Our client today is in her middle 40's and has been trying to become pregnant for quite some time, without success. Recently she came to us and elected to receive a natural insemination in hope of accomplishing her desire. She has already been prepared for you so all you need to do is just enjoy yourself," Mei said.

"I think I can be of help," Jack said.

"Good. If you are ready now I will take you in to our client," Mei said.

"I'm ready, please lead the way," Jack replied.

Mei stood up and walked to the door of the room with Jack following. The pair crossed the corridor to a room on the other side and further into the building. Jack no longer felt anything strange about walking there nude. Jack's erect cock was aimed at the oriental woman as he followed her to the other room.

In the observation room Lorie switched her display to the camera in the hallway to continue following Jack and she felt a pang of excitement as she saw his erect cock as he followed the other Asian woman. Lorie was feeling almost as much excited anticipation as Jack was, she couldn't wait to see his cock buried in another woman's pussy.

Mei led Jack into the room where the client awaited him. Inside Jack found Karen sitting nude beside the treatment table and upon the table was laying the client he was there to service. The woman on the table was not unattractive despite her age and her face was uncovered and quite attractive as well. The woman's face and chest were flushed; Karen had just finished licking her to several orgasms in preparation for Jack's work. The woman's head and pubic hair were brown and all in all Jack found her quite attractive enough to allow him to work with her easily.

"Welcome Jack," Karen said as she noticed him entering the room. "Our client today is ready for you to begin immediately."

In the observation room Lorie had switched to a new camera in order to keep Jack in view. The Asian girl watched with bated breath as she watched Jack walk up to the table where the woman he was to inseminate lay.

As Jack approached her the middle aged woman on the table spread her legs in welcome and invitation. It was obvious she wanted him to climb aboard and fuck her in the missionary position. The woman smiled at Jack as he reached the table and climbed up upon it. Jack crawled up between the woman's spread legs and over her body until the two were over each other, face to face. Jack felt Karen reach under him and grasp his cock and she guided the head of it to the client's waiting vaginal opening.

In the observation room Lorie was almost beside herself in lustful excitement as she watched Jack mount the woman on the table. Lorie's right hand moved down between her legs to start playing with her own pussy as she watch Karen guide Jack's penis into the client's waiting vagina.

As he felt the head of his cock start into the woman's pussy Jack gently pushed his hips toward the woman's body causing his cock to slowly enter her. Since the middle aged client was already well stimulated there was no resistance and Jack's cock slid smoothly into her pussy until Jack's body met hers and his cock was fully inside her.

Jack began to slowly pump in and out of the woman enjoying the feeling as his cock slid smoothly into and out of her pussy. The middle aged woman was just loose enough to allow Jack to quickly get a good fucking rhythm going with her and soon the woman reached down and grasped her ankles and pulled them toward her head to open herself more to Jack's fucking.

Lorie was in ecstasy in the observation room as she watched Jack's actions on the monitor. She watched raptly as Jack's buttocks clenched and released with each stroke in the woman he was fucking. Lorie was imagining Jack's cock plundering the other woman's unprotected pussy as she watched him on the monitor.

Knowing that the woman he was fucking had already cum several times from Karen's earlier attentions Jack just concentrated on enjoying the feel of her pussy on his cock as he fucked her. But the woman wasn't content with just laying there passively as Jack fucked her and soon she was raising her hips to meet each push of his cock into her pussy. This added to Jack's enjoyment and he increased his pace as he felt his excitement increase.

Even though she didn't make any sound except faster breathing the woman Jack was fucking was enjoying it quite as much as Jack was. The movement of Jack's cock in her pussy felt wonderful to her and the woman felt herself building up to another orgasm, an unexpected treat for her.  The woman reveled in the feeling of Jacks cock sliding in and out of her and she loved the way it pushed deeply into her with each in stroke.

Jack felt the pleasant tingle start to grow that signaled an impending orgasm and he sped up his efforts, in the process driving the women toward her own orgasmic release even faster. Jack made a few more strokes into the woman and then he felt his orgasm start. At the same time he felt the woman's pussy clamp down tight on his cock as she reached her climax at the same time. Jack's cock began shooting jets of semen into the woman's convulsing pussy and to the woman's surprise her orgasm was one of the best ones she's had for a long time. 

In the observation room Lorie saw Jack's thrusting into the woman under him suddenly become uncoordinated as he began to cum in her. This excited the oriental girl so much that she had an orgasm of her own, her hand playing wildly with her pussy as she watched Jack on the video screen. This was the part Lorie most wanted to see and what excited her most of all, watching Jack breed the woman. For Lorie watching Jack fuck the other woman was almost as good as being fucked herself and her orgasm in the observation room was a powerful one.

As the pumping of his semen into the woman's pussy faded Jack allowed himself to relax but he was careful to now allow his weight to come upon his partner. As soon as the last pleasant twitches of his orgasm had completely stopped Jack withdrew from the woman and backed off the table. Jack was happy to see the woman flash him a wide smile as she pulled her legs to her chest to keep his semen inside her pussy for as long as possible.

Mei grabbed Jack's hand and led him out of the room and back into the room where he had left his clothes. Upon arriving in that room Jack lay down on the padded table to take a rest and recover his energy. After only a couple of minutes lying quietly on the treatment table Jack fell asleep.

An hour later Jack awoke to find he was still naked lying on the paper covered table. He opened his eyes and saw Karen now sitting at the chair by the desk, writing something on a file. The paper crackled as Jack stirred and then stretched and Karen glanced over Jack's way. Seeing that Jack was now awake Karen smiled and then turned her swivel chair until she was sitting facing Jack.

"Hello, Jack! Do you feel up to helping us with another client today?" Karen asked.

"Sure, I feel great! What do you want me to do?" Jack replied.

"Our next clients are a lesbian couple who wish to have a child and they have elected to receive a natural insemination. The couple wishes to experience this together, do you think you can handle it, Jack?" Karen said, describing the next thing the clinic had for Jack to do.

"I think I can handle it," Jack replied. "How exactly will this work?"

"The clients would like you to divide your efforts between them as evenly as possible so they can both share the experience as much as they can. So you will need to have intercourse with both women during the session and try to divide the time you spend with your penis inside them as evenly between them as possible," Karen said, enlarging upon her instructions.

"I think I can help the clients without any problems," Jack replied. He was already starting to feel excitement at the idea of fucking two women at the same time.

"Are you ready to get started now?" Karen asked.

"Sure, whenever you need me," Jack replied as he sat up on the table. He moved until he was sitting with his legs off the edge.

"Good. Just let me call and see if the clients are ready for you now," Karen replied. She picked up the phone on the desk and dialed an internal number. Karen talked into the phone quietly for a minute and then hung up.

Up in the observation room Lorie was quickly called to the video monitors showing Jack and the Asian girl quickly ran over and sat down to watch what was going to happen next. One of the other women in the observation room had tipped Lorie off about the nature of Jack's next session and she was eager to observe him once again.

"The clients are ready for you now Jack so I will take you over," Karen said after she hung up the phone.

Karen got up out of the chair she was sitting in and Jack let his feet slide down to the floor until he was standing. As Karen walked out of the door to the room Jack followed behind her, his cock already erect and pointing toward the woman he was following. He followed the women down the hall two doors and then into a room on the opposite side of the hall.

When he entered the room Jack saw that it contained Mei with two other women who were lying on the treatment table, locked in a 69 with each other. Jack immediately realized the two women on the table were the ones he was there to service and it appeared they were already ready for him. Both women were slim and quite attractive and the sight of the two licking each other's pussies sent a powerful surge of excitement through Jack and his cock stiffened even more.

"The clients are ready for you Jack, just feel free to join in with them in whatever way you wish to get started," Karen said once Jack had had a moment to take in the scene inside the room.

Jack walked over to the table and came up behind the ass of the woman on top and admired the view for a moment. He could see the other woman's eyes shift to him for a moment and then track him as he approached but she continued to enthusiastically lick her partner. As Jack reached the two women the one underneath stopped and gently pushed her partner up to indicate she should get off her.

"Wait a moment," the woman on the bottom said as her partner got off of her.

The two women quickly rearranged themselves on the table, they were still laying on top of each other, but now both were face down, one laying on the table, the other laying on her back. Once the two women were finished rearranging their position Jack was presented with two very attractive asses facing him and two wet and excited pussies waiting for his cock. Jack now had his choice for which one he wanted to fuck first.

Once the two women had finished moving Jack stepped up closer to the table they were laying upon until the tip of his very hard cock was almost touching the pussy of the woman on top. Jack carefully moved forward a little further until he was close enough to the two women to begin his work. Jack moved the tip of his cock to the vaginal opening of the woman on top and slowly pushed forward, driving his cock into the woman's pussy.

The woman's pussy was exquisite as Jack pushed into her, very tight yet wet enough that his cock slid smoothly in. Once his cock was fully inside Jack slowly withdrew his cock and then pushed in once again. After a few more careful slow strokes in the woman's pussy Jack grabbed her hips and began to fuck her hard and deep. The woman's pussy was so tight and good that it was fortunate he had already had a session previous otherwise he would have cum in the woman almost immediately.

Up in the observation room Lorie was watching Jack avidly; this session was exciting her even more than the last one. The Asian girl found herself wishing she was the woman Jack was fucking as she watched him on the monitor but she would have her chance for that later. Lorie's right hand quickly slipped down to her pussy and started rubbing as she watched the exciting action on the video screen.

Jack fucked the woman for several minutes enjoying the feel of her tight pussy on his cock as he stroked into her. Then he withdrew his cock from that woman's pussy and put the head of it to the pussy of the other women under her. The other woman's pussy was just as tight and just as wet as the other and the feeling as his cock pushed into her was just as good. Jack fucked the woman for a couple of minutes, thoroughly enjoying himself in the process, and then moved his cock back to the woman on top. He tried to give each woman the same amount of time with his cock in her pussy.

Jack continued alternating between the two women for several more minutes until he was almost ready to cum. Jack slid his cock into the woman on top and started fucking her as he felt the orgasm start to build up inside his body. The feeling of the woman's pussy on his cock was so good now that Jack could not hold back the orgasm which suddenly burst upon him. Jack pushed his cock deep into the woman's pussy as he began to cum and his sperm began to shoot into her. Jack kept his cock in her until his orgasm began to fade and then he pulled out of the woman on top and quickly pushed his cock into the pussy of the woman underneath.

Jack's cock was smeared with some of the sperm he had ejaculated into the other woman and a couple more drops of semen oozed from the tip as he pushed into the other woman's pussy. This gave the woman underneath some chance of impregnation and Jack could hear and feel the woman sigh in appreciation as she realized what his cock sliding into her at this moment meant.

Up in the observation room Lorie's hand was moving in a frenzy as the voyeuristic thrill she got from watching Jack impregnate two more women drove her to her own powerful orgasm. Watching Jack impregnate three women had only increased the Asian girl's infatuation for Jack, she loved watching him fuck other women nearly as much as she liked him fucking her. And the clinic had been quite accommodating in allowing her to indulge her desire to watch Jack at his work.

"Very good, Jack. Please follow me," Karen said as soon as she saw that Jack was finished with the two women on the table. She turned and walked toward the door and Jack followed her, his legs still shaky from the strong orgasm he had just had.

Karen led Jack back to the room where he had been before and she left him there lying on the table. It didn't take him long to once again fall into another nap.
