That night, Harry was unable to get Draco and Tom out of his head, and every time his musings inadvertently drifted back to those two, his stomach fluttered and adrenalin coursed through his veins, in the end leaving him far too riled up to still get a wink of sleep. After a good ninety minutes of tossing and turning, he gave up and aimlessly wandered through the dark Hogwarts corridors again.

He hadn’t planned to run into Tom Riddle, not in the least, but on the other hand, all things considered, he was rather pleased when he did.

After all, life was very different now.

“Well, Potter,” Tom greeted him. “Care to tell me what you’re up to, stalking around the castle after curfew yet again? I highly doubt Professor Snape would approve.”

“I could ask you the same thing, you know,” Harry retorted with a grin. “And in case you’ve failed to notice, Snape never approves; I’m not sure he’s even capable of such a thing.”

“You may be on to something there.” Tom laughed. “If you must know, Potter, I’ve taken over Draco’s Head Boy patrol this evening.”

Harry frowned. “Draco’s all right, isn’t he?”

“Yes, Potter. He’s fine. He retired early because he badly needed to catch up on rest.”

Harry gave him a puzzled look.

“Nightmares, remember?” Tom explained. “He doesn’t sleep nearly enough, you realise.”

“I know the feeling,” Harry muttered bitterly.

Tom crossed his arms. He wanted to say something—anything—to possibly reassure or perhaps comfort Harry, but he soon thought the better of it. After all, in spite of everything that had happened between them a few hours ago, strictly speaking, they weren’t exactly friends yet.

“Is there anything I can do to help him?” Harry asked. He hoped the words sounded as sincere as he wanted them to.

“Well, now that you come to mention it, Potter,” Tom said. “There is one thing. It’s rather complicated, however…”

“Too complicated for me to be able to wrap my puny brain around, you mean?” Harry snapped, and instantly regretted it. When would he finally learn to control that nasty temper of his? All it ever accomplished was to get him into trouble, and generally with people he should know better than to antagonise in the first place.

Tom, thankfully, didn’t take the bait this time. “That’s not what I meant, Harry,” he said instead, purposely keeping his voice even. “It’s complicated because it concerns the matter of me being forced to return to my own time, a nasty predicament Draco and myself are hoping to be able to avoid.”

“Oh,” Harry said. “Right.”

“Yes. In a nutshell, if they do decide to send me back, Potter, and we don’t figure out some way to ruin their plans, just imagine how Draco’s going to feel.” Tom took a few steps closer and placed his hands on Harry’s shoulders. “A few weeks ago, he was still a miserable wreck. You wouldn’t want to see him reduced to such a pitiful state again, would you?”

Harry bit his bottom lip and shook his head slowly. At that very moment, he didn’t know how he felt about Mal- Draco, he had yet to analyse and define his changed feelings for his former rival, but he certainly didn’t want to cause the boy any further distress. Draco had been deeply hurt far too many times already.

“Besides,” Tom went on, reaching up a hand and running it through Harry’s unruly hair. "Correct me if I’m wrong, but you're not exactly opposed to my affections either, are you, Potter?"

"Well, er-" Harry muttered, sensing another furious blush coming on, damn it. “No.“

“Well, then.” Tom grinned, having a little trouble hiding his smugness completely. “We’ll find a way for me to remain here and then we can all live happily ever after."

"We?" Harry’s eyes widened.

"Yes, Potter. The three of us: you and me and Draco."

“Di-Did Draco actually say that?” Harry blurted out. “Is that what he wants?” His head was reeling. Everything was moving very fast. A few weeks ago, Tom and Draco had still loathed him unconditionally, and now… Now it seemed that they were offering him… well, whatever it was, it looked to be something long-term, something lasting, a possible future. Harry swallowed hard.

Tom smiled. He was a little disappointed that he couldn’t read Harry’s mind, but then again, he hardly needed to. The look on Potter’s face spoke volumes. “Harry.” Tom finally broke the thick silence. “Draco mightn’t appreciate me disclosing this to you, but the truth is that he’s had a thing for you for quite a while. For years, in fact. What happened between the three of us earlier, it wasn’t just a bit of fun for him, if that’s what you’d gathered.”

“No, I- I mean-“

“Yes?”

Harry took a deep breath. “I really do like him,” he admitted, “and I don’t… I mean, what I’m trying to say, I’m not the type of person who just… messes around with people at all. You know, ever.”

“Indeed,” Tom said smugly. “So I take it that’s a yes? You’ll help me… and Draco?”

Harry nodded. “Yeah, sure, but what can I do, exactly?”

“Right,” Tom began, “it’s like this…”

Careful not to make a sound, Tom climbed into bed, feeling rather pleased with himself.

It had been an unexpectedly productive evening. He had finally found a place to start looking for answers. Potter’s Marauder’s Map had turned out to be a most wonderful, useful thing. It had showed them a room with a figure in front of it, unidentifiable, but clearly in the process of standing watch. With any luck, being sent home would soon be a worry of the past.

“You’re finally back,” Draco murmured sleepily as he snuggled closer to his boyfriend. “Whatever took you so long?”

“I ran into Scarboy,” Tom said and tenderly kissed Draco’s forehead.

Draco sighed. “Would you kindly stop calling him that?”

“I’m sorry, Draco.” Tom flashed him a grin which revealed he was nothing of the sort. “So, aren’t you even a little bit curious to learn what happened?”

“You probably snogged him within an inch of his life,” Draco said and gave an exaggerated sigh. “Without me, which wasn’t terribly considerate of you.”

“No.” Tom laughed. “Guess again. Really. You and your one-track mind, Malfoy. As it turns out, Po- Harry has promised to help us.”

“He-He has?”

Tom nodded. “Absolutely. I’ll explain the finer details to you in the morning. First, you need to get a few more hours of sleep.”

“Bu-“ Draco wanted to argue, very badly, but he was really too exhausted to. So he gave in and merely whispered, “All right. Fine. Good night, Tom. And thanks.”

Not before long, Tom could hear Draco’s soft, regular snoring, and he smiled. Things were at last looking up. Or so he hoped.

Of course, Tom hadn’t told Harry Potter the whole story. He wasn’t doing this for Draco’s sake alone. The sad truth of the matter was that Tom didn’t have a single thing to return to, nothing that came anywhere near to what he’d found here. Nothing but immense loneliness awaited him back in that place that was only technically his home.

Tom had also failed to mention to Potter that he had become deeply fond of Draco, that the boy evoked feelings in him that he hadn’t even thought himself capable of. At the end of the day, Tom probably needed Draco just as badly as Draco needed him, and the only kind of life Tom could imagine without the blond Slytherin was one that was cold, miserable and meaningless.

So if the alternative meant having Harry Potter in the picture as well, Tom supposed it would be a small price to pay. And besides, Potter had his advantages too, and in his own bumbling way, the daft git could be rather endearing.

Tom grinned.

“All right, Harry,” Hermione said. She sat down on the sofa in the Room of Requirement and gestured to her friend to do the same. “So tell me, what is this all about? What do you want to ask me that you can’t ask Ron as well, and at this ghastly hour of the morning too?”

Harry swallowed hard. “Well,” he began, “you see, there’s something Tom really needs to know…”

“Tom?” Hermione remarked pointedly. “You mean Tom Riddle? So the two of you have actually become friends now? Are helping one another, even? This goes beyond a simple truce, then?”

“Well-“ Not entirely unexpected, Harry felt himself blush once more.

Hermione crossed her arms. “What exactly is going on, Harry?” she demanded with a frown. “What are you up to?”

Harry took a deep breath and decided that, all things considered, perhaps coming clean would be the smartest course of action. After all, Hermione was bound to uncover the truth sooner or later anyway—she always did in the end—-and he’d really prefer her to find out directly from him than to have to draw her own conclusions.

“Well, um, you see, Draco and… Um, we’re involved,” he mumbled, afraid to meet her eyes.

“Pardon? You mean you and Draco are involved, or you and Tom?”

“No-No,” Harry stammered. “Neither. Well, no, that’s not… what I mean to say is: both.”

“Both?” She turned ghostly pale. “You’re involved with both of them? Do they know about one another?“

Harry blushed even harder and started shuffling his feet, fervently hoping that he wouldn’t be expected to explain this in more detail because he honestly didn’t think he’d be able to. It would be far too awkward and embarrassing, especially to a girl. “You er- could say that,” he finally stammered. “I mean, it would be kind of hard for them er- not to know. You see, the three of us…” He took a deep breath.

“Harry.” Hermione’s eyes widened as she at last understood what her friend was trying to tell her, and it wasn’t anything even she could have anticipated. Only a few days ago, Harry was still full of hate towards the world in general and those two in particular, and now, all of a sudden… “So the three of you are involved?” she asked carefully. “You’re in some kind of… triad?”

Harry nodded slowly. He hadn’t given the relationship (or whatever it was) a name yet, but he supposed ‘triad’ worked. “Yeah, something like that.”

“Oh my goodness!” Hermione exclaimed. “You know what that means, don’t you?”

“Um-”

“Ron’s going to have a fit first and a heart attack later! Do not, under any circumstances, mention this to him before I do, which won’t be anytime soon, believe me. Good Lord, Harry, the things you end up doing…”

“Um-”

“Right.” She took a deep, calming breath and slowly counted to ten, mentally filing what she’d just learned away for later processing—much later processing, she told herself. “So what do you need my help with, exactly?”

“Okay. Well, there’s this room on the fifth floor. It’s being guarded by an elf or a goblin or some other non-human being, and we- Well, Tom thinks the school staff might be hiding something in there, a Time Turner or some such.”

“There are no more Time Turners in existence, Harry,” Hermione stated matter-of-factly, relieved beyond words at the opportunity to move on to a more comfortable topic of conversation.

“As far as we know,” he remarked flatly.

She decided to ignore that. “So if I understand you correctly, you would like me to investigate this room?”

“No, I’ll take care of that part myself. I just need someone to keep watch or to distract the guard or to cause a diversion or… something. If Tom or Draco did that, it would be too suspicious. Besides, I’m convinced someone is keeping a close eye on them, probably Snape.”

“I see.”

“So, um, would you help us?”

Hermione took a deep breath and thought things over for a few long minutes. “Are you absolutely, one hundred percent, certain that this is what you want, Harry?” she asked carefully. “For Tom to stay, that is? Have you considered- I mean, you are completely certain that he isn’t just taking advantage of you, aren’t you? That this isn’t some plan he’s cooked up with Draco just so that the two of them can stay here, together, and drop you like a hot potato once you’re no longer of any use to them?”

“Um-“ Harry fidgeted nervously in his seat. “To be honest, I have no idea how Tom feels about me at the moment. I suppose we’re friends, sort of, but Draco- Draco, he-” Harry gave a goofy smile, and went on to ask, “Have you ever had the feeling, Hermione, that there was something missing in your life, but you didn’t realise it was even missing until it was actually there? I mean, at the risk of sounding like a sappy git, that’s more or less how I feel when I’m with him…”

Hermione smiled. “Yes, it was the same way with Ron and me,” she said softly. “All of a sudden, everything just seemed to fall into place.”

“Yeah,” Harry agreed and Hermione had to admit that her friend looked happier than she had seen him in many years.

“Very well, Harry,” she finally said, “if you’re absolutely sure.” She took a deep breath. “So, is there anything else that you could tell me about that room?”