                  Ode to the Greatest Lover
                     By Lust 4 Life

In remembrance of the greatest lover I have ever had. M/F

Intro

This is part therapy, part praise. Let me tell you about the best lover I have ever had. I 
have had about 11 sex partners, 6 serious. This lover, whom I will call 11E for reasons 
explained later, was qualitatively different from anyone else I have ever known, she was 
in a class unto herself. Several of my other stories are about her: Sweet Release, In The 
Park, and Im Sure I Had Clothes On When I Arrived.

As I write this, I am 52, as is she. She is a natural blonde (usually shaved pussy), shoulder 
length curly hair, large soft breasts (DD), slightly overweight but still curves in at the 
waist, not out, about my height, 510, half Swedish, half Italian (the Swedish side 
predominates in looks and personality).

We met on-line. First date, we parked at a city park, went for a walk, got back at dusk, 
and she gave me a blow job with me standing by a picnic table. Except for the fact that it 
was dark, I was in plain sight, less than 50 yards from rush hour traffic. Our second date 
was a bit earlier in the day. We went for a walk along a city bike path. She led me off into 
the woods by the bike path where we stripped down and fucked.

My 11E loves to suck cock and play with my balls. She prides herself in being the best 
cock sucker in the world  and she just might be. Oh, and she swallows. She is fascinated 
by my balls and my prostate and all the movement in my body in the area between my 
balls and asshole.

11E has had well over 50 partners, she thinks probably over 100. And she says I am 
hands down the best she has ever had, in many dimensions. She says I fuck with the 
energy of a 20 year old. Makes a guy feel pretty good! We got together at least 4 times a 
week. Whenever I slept over, we usually didnt sleep much. Get to bed well after 
midnight (lots of play in the evening), then wake up and fuck at least 3 times during the 
night  one or the other of us would wake up, wake the other, fuck, and wed fall back to 
sleep. We both said that the other was the only person we had ever been with who could 
keep up with our sex drives. She had orgasms easily, many in one fuck. Id come over in 
the afternoon and we would fuck, non-stop for maybe 30 minutes until she called time 
(and I was exhausted, sweating, needing a rest) by which time she had probably had 10-
12 orgasms. Short rest, then we continue. With me, she sometimes squirted  she had 
never done that before. I had the most amazing orgasm with her, what I call one orgasm 
in two bodies (see Im Sure I Had Clothes On When I Arrived) which was a step 
beyond simultaneous orgasms.

She buys her bras and panties at Fredricks  she likes the slutty look (& so do I!). But 
she usually goes out (at least with me) without panties at least, and usually without bra, 
just to turn me on. She has given me a blow job while we were driving around town (I 
wasnt wearing any underwear that day).

She loves toys, has a large collection: remote control clit vibrator, regular dildos, vibrators, 
leather, spreader bar, whip.

We are both switches  we like both being in control and having our partner in control. 
Often swap roles in the middle  she likes me dominant at the end, having my way with 
her, pinning her wrists to the mattress as I pound her. She also likes to talk dirty, Fuck it, 
fuck it, yes fuck me. Drive that big dick into me!

She likes anal. I am not a fan but we have done it a few times.

One of our common games is strip backgammon. Whenever you take one of the other 
persons pieces, you can make them lose a piece of clothing, drink a shot (Tequila or 
Rum), perform oral sex for a minute on you, or you can perform on them (funny, we often 
decided to perform on our partner rather than having them do us), or I would make her 
play with her toys.

With my 11E there were no limits. She was insatiable, ready to try anything, anytime. She 
had one rule, Dont go to jail. We are both risk takers, she loved the idea of almost 
public sex (in a dark alley with people going by). Once we went out in her backyard 
(naked) which has a cement block fence bordering a major street. It was 1 AM and we 
figured no one was around, so I started fucking her from behind, both our heads sticking 
up over the wall, when suddenly I heard voices, two people walking along the sidewalk 
right by us!

So whence the name 11E? We took a quiz on the languages of love. There were 
something like 4 categories, one of which was touch. We both maxed out the touch score, 
at 11. In fact we had almost identical answers across all categories. We both thrive on 
physical touch, neck massage, just a touch, hugs, caresses, and of course sex. When I 
come over, her favorite foreplay is for me to back her against a wall and start kissing her 
while grinding against her body. Tops quickly come off so she can rub her breasts against 
my chest. Then pants come off so she can grab my cock between her legs and let me 
pseudo-fuck her, sliding in and out between her legs, rubbing along her pussy lips. Then 
into bed for main course. No condoms, always skin to skin. She says she loves the smell 
of my semen oozing out of her later.

Her pet name for me was Aubergine, Oh Aubergine!. She loves eggplants but never 
heard the name Aubergine for them until I told her. Fascinated her. She loved my brains 
and world experience.

Beyond sex, we had some great similarities and some major differences. We both grew up 
in large cities on the Great Lakes, both have connections to Washington State. And based 
on common age, a lot of cultural common background (but many people our age do not or 
no longer share this). I am a rock and roller. She loves Led Zeppelin  how many women 
my age still love Zeppelin? We watched Gonzo a biography of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson 
together  she got it like few women I know would  we both felt that story described a 
lot of our shared, common background, that was our culture. Some of the wild days of 
youth.

She has led a highly varied life  college education, she has 2 grown daughters, went 
from a $300K a year job to homeless, eating out of dumpsters (mental break down), but 
has pulled herself together, still healing.

While in some ways we are very similar, in some we are opposites. I am left wing 
Godless, liberal, she is right wing religious conservative. For the most part, this was 
actually fun  we could tease each other, spar over our beliefs, challenge each other, 
explore ideas. In many ways, this was more fun than someone I share common beliefs 
with. Unfortunately, this is what led to our separation. She knew I was married when we 
met and broke her own rule about not dating married guys, for a year, God never told her 
no so we had a wonderful time. Then one Monday I called to come over and she told 
me that she had done a lot of thinking over the weekend and couldnt continue living as a 
hypocrite, being a devote Christian while dating a non-Christian man. Wham! Game 
Over.

What will I miss about her? I will miss the way her face lit up every time I showed up at 
her door. I will miss the way she said, Oh, Aubergine! to me. I will miss the giggle in her 
voice whenever she answered my phone calls. I will miss her enthusiasm for sex, the way 
she was always ready, the way she loved to play with and was fascinated by my cock & 
balls, her eagerness to try new things. I will miss sharing things with her, doing things to 
surprise her.

Postscript: I have since found a new lover, quite the contrast to the lady described above.
While my new lover is not as out there sexually, she is in many ways more complete, she
has a gentleness and a very different, more nuanced emotional connection. We are more
compatible politically. I actually enjoy my new lovers physical body more than that of the
lady described above. Which is not to say one is better or worse than the other, it is not
fair to compare them, they are 2 different people, each exciting and wonderful in their own
way. For now, I am looking forward to getting to know my new lover at a deeper level and to
exploring our mutual sexuality together.
