Flash
LesFlash
Sat Oct 13, 2007 08:3471.171.99.13

Flash

I had just finished mowing the lawn when I saw my neighbors, Pam and Steve, 
pulling into their driveway. They were a good looking couple in their late 
20's and Pam was wearing an extremely short skirt. We were friendly neighbors 
and I decided to walk over and chat with them. I'll admit that if it weren't 
for Pam's tiny skirt, I would have just waved. I saw that the couple were in a 
great mood and Pam was looking like the cat that ate the canary. 

She smiled when she saw me checking out her legs. I asked what they had been 
up to. Pam blushed a little. Steve laughed and suggested I come in for a beer 
and he'd tell me all about the game they were playing. Pam didn't seem to 
think this was a good idea but went along with it. 

Soon we were in their rec room and Pam brought beers for all of us. She sat 
down and I couldn't help notice that her skirt wasn't long enough for her to 
do this modestly. In that brief flash I discovered that my neighbor wasn't wearing panties and had 
a completely bald pubic area. I didn't know how to react to the flash but the 
awkward moment passed quickly as Steve called out “29” and placed a little 
clicker he had on the coffee table. Pam blushed a bit but smiled as she did.

Naturally I asked them what was going on. Steve explained that he and Pam were 
playing a game they had made up called “Flash.” He went on to explain the 
rules of the game. Pam joined the discussion and they both laughed as I sat there in amazement. I 
asked for, and received, their permission to write this up for posting. They 
laughed when I told them I was an amateur porn writer and both said they 
weren't surprised.

Anyway, Flash is a betting game the couple invented. They've been playing it 
for years and have refined the rules over time. It's a gambling game and on 
the day I learned of it, they were playing for high stakes. For this game the 
loser would be making and serving dinner all week nude. Eating and clean-up 
were also going to be in the nude for the loser. The game was still going on 
as they explained it.

To start the game, Steve writes a number on paper and puts it in a sealed 
envelope. The envelope gets opened at the end of the game to reveal the 
winner. Once the game starts, Pam puts on one of several game skirts, each of which is extremely short. No 
underwear is permitted. Steve has control over what they do, where they go, 
and the couple agrees in advance on a time frame. Each time he gets a glimpse 
of Pam's bare pussy, whether intentional or unintentional, he counts it. At 
the end of the game, if the number Steve wrote on the paper is within 10% of 
the total number of times he's gotten a glimpse of Pam's pussy, he wins. If he 
misses by more than 10%, Pam wins.

I mentioned that it seemed to me that Steve had the advantage in this game 
since he got to choose the activities, places, etc. Pam laughed and said she 
won more than she lost. She told me there is a lot of strategy to the game 
that wasn't readily apparent. As soon as she said it she spread her legs, 
flashing her pussy at Steve, and to me as well as a result. Steve clicked the 
little clicker he had and called out “30.” A soon as he did, Pam flashed him 
again and he called out “31.”

“It's all about guessing what he guessed,” Pam explained. “He took us out to a 
nice brunch this afternoon at a nice restaurant. I know he wouldn't expect me 
to be flashing a lot at a nice restaurant, so I think he guessed low,” she 
explained. She flashed him again and he called out “32.”

“Since he invited you over for an explanation, I'm even more convinced he 
guessed a low number,” Pam said. As she said this she flashed her pussy again 
and Steve called out “32.”

Steve laughed and agreed there was strategy involved. He laughed and said the 
game was all about misdirection. “I get her to think I've guessed a low number 
and she'll flash me every chance she gets. Then she finds out I've outsmarted 
her and she loses,” Steve said.

“Nice try, Steve,” Pam said. “Les, would you like to stay for dinner? I'm sure 
Steve won't mind cooking for three,” she laughed.

I laughed and accepted the invitation. I wasn't interested in seeing Steve 
nude but the comedic value of anyone, male or female, cooking and serving 
dinner nude for the neighbors was cool with me. Plus, it was obvious that Pam was going to do her best to 
run the count up and I was enjoying looking up her skirt as she did. There was 
about 45 minutes left in the game when I accepted the dinner invitation. Pam 
flashed her pussy at us every 30 seconds or so. She was happy and laughing and 
definitely convinced she was going to win. 

Steve looked a bit nervous. I have to admit that I was convinced that Steve 
was going to be doing the stripping and cooking.

At 6:00 the final count of flashes was 119. I was intimately familiar with the 
view between my pretty neighbor's legs and she was confident of her victory as 
she went to fetch the envelope. She tore the envelope open and her smile 
vanished. Steve had guessed 125, well within the 10% range and was the winner.

“Dammit! How the hell did you guess 125 and take me to an expensive 
restaurant?” Pam asked.

“Misdirection, sweetie, misdirection. You're an exhibitionist and I knew you'd 
find a way to show off in the restaurant. Of course, having Les over helped a 
lot. Speaking of Les, he looks hungry. Why don't you get dinner started?” 
Steve was gloating.

Pam blushed. “You just wait, Steve. You just wait! Is spaghetti OK with 
everyone?”

“Spaghetti sounds good. Get started, honey and bring us out a couple of beers, 
will you?” Steve answered. He flipped on the TV and we started watching a 
college football game. A few minutes later a very naked Pam came out with our beers. She was a good 
sport about losing the bet even though she was pretty embarrassed and was 
naked for several hours. 

After dinner was cleaned up she joined us in the living room, still nude.“I 
guess Steve was right about you being an exhibitionist, Pam. Dinner was great 
and now that the cleanup is done, and you're still naked,” I observed. I 
wasn't complaining about it, mind you, just making an observation.

“Actually, the cleanup isn't done until the dishes are put away,” Steve 
explained. “Pam gets to stay naked for a while longer while the dishwasher 
runs. In the meantime, we can enjoy the view while we finish watching the 
game.”

It was about 9:00 when Pam was finally able to get the dishes out of the 
dishwasher and put them away. I knew what I'd want to do if I was Steve or 
Pam, so I thanked them for a wonderful dinner and gracefully made my exit.



 