The first thing Spike realized when he woke up was that he wasn't in his own bed. The second thing was that, wherever he was, he wasn't alone. He rolled over and glanced at the half-open door of what he assumed was the bathroom, judging by the sounds of running water and low singing that drifted out from behind it. Well, at least he'd made whoever he came home with happy, at any rate. When he sat up, he ached in all the right places, so it looked like they'd made him pretty damn joyous, as well. Shame he couldn't remember it; be nice to know if he should be creeping out now or trying to slip into the shower and see if he could get another round going.

Memory crashed into him like a tidal wave, sweeping him off his feet and sending him roiling about until he didn't know which end was up. Oh, God. They'd fought and Angel had wanted it to stop, and then Spike had- “Oh my God,” he whispered hoarsely, fighting the urge to curl up into a little ball and weep as the memories kept coming. He hadn't meant to do that, hadn't really wanted to take their knowledge of each other away like that; he'd just been so mad, so hurt that Angel would talk like that, as though they meant so little that they could shake hands and walk away. He'd thought it might give him a vision, might help, and so he'd broken into Wesley's office, and those books had been there, the ones that would give you anything you wanted...

He'd been hard-pressed to keep himself under control in the shower, especially when those big hands had swept over his body, washing him with a care and tenderness that belied their owner's stoic nature. The shower hadn't left Liam unaffected, either- he'd hardened when Spike had washed him, and thoughts of dropping to his knees and seeing if he tasted as good as he felt nearly put an end to any other plans right then and there. In the end, it had been the need to feel that magnificent cock inside him that gave him the strength to reach out and turn the water off. Of course, Liam hadn't been without his own ideas, and a straight fucking definitely wasn't on his agenda, but Spike hadn't found that out until he'd been shoved down on the bed and the other man had dropped his towel and draped himself over him. He kissed the nape of his neck and worked downward from there, and by the time he'd flipped Spike over to start working his way up, he was hard and aching, begging for any relief he could get...

Spike whimpered, pressing one hand against his forehead, grinding the heel into his eye as though he could forget again, forget about passing out surrounded by herbs and candles, only to wake up the next night in his own bed with the belief that he was human again. No, not belief- it went deeper than that, didn't it? They'd actually been human; he couldn't have dreamed the kind of heat they'd generated, first on the dance floor with Angel's- no, Liam's- hands holding him, and then back here. And there had been nothing human about the way they'd gone at each other, first in the foyer and then later when they finally moved back to the bedroom. It was a blur of hands and mouths and hot, bare skin that put every other memory to shame, and he knew that while he might forever despise himself for what he'd done, he could never, ever regret being able to have Angel like that.

From somewhere far away, he heard the shower shut off, and then before he could move, the door swung open and Angel stepped out into the room. But this was a far cry from his lover of last night- no more heated looks or slumbrous gazes that beckoned him into his arms, no slow smiles that were an invitation to sin, no reaching out to pull him close against the strong body that he'd spent hours worshipping. No, this was a dark denizen of vengeance, stone-faced and thin-lipped- this was Angel, the vampire with a soul, once more in full control of his senses and faculties. And he hated him; that much was evident the moment his eyes lit upon the blond in his bed.

Fingers and tongue eased their way into his body, opening him up in the sweetest way possible. He shoved back on them and then forward into the hand that worked over his length, his climax only held at bay by the knowing fingers that seemed to know just when he was about to lose it. When at last Liam knelt behind him and quickly slicked himself up for entry, Spike had been ready to scream. He'd clutched the sheets as his lover pressed inside him, the slow penetration doing more to strip his wits away than any hard and fast fucking ever had. Liam's hands had come down over his, fingers twining and squeezing just before he began to move. They'd both groaned, and despite how desperate he'd been for relief just seconds earlier, Spike had found himself hoping that this ended up lasting a long, long time...

“Get out,” he said flatly.

“Look, Angel, mate, I can explain. It wasn't supposed to happen like that. I just wanted-”

“I don't care what you wanted, Spike. What you did...” He shook his head and said again, “Get out. Now.”

Spike felt his heart drop at the low words. “Please, pet, you've got to let me-”

“I don't have to do anything!” Angel stalked over to the dresser and snatched a stake up from the top of it. Turning to Spike, he said quietly, “You have five seconds to get out of my sight for good, or I'll call housekeeping and they can come sweep you up.”

One look into Angel's eyes told him that, for once, the threat was serious. Spike grabbed his jeans and boots and ran, only stopping to dress once he was safely out in the hall. He rode the elevator down, absently rubbing his chest as though he could somehow ease the gaping hole that the harsh words seemed to have opened up right in the middle of it.

When the doors opened, he walked out into the office, barely aware of the curious glances and quiet greetings from people he passed. Acting solely on instinct, he sought the refuge of the lab, hoping to take solace in Fred's gentle warmth and smile, but the Watcher was already there, and the sight of her in his arms was almost too much for the fragile vampire's heart to take. They were too wrapped up in each other to notice him, lost in a little world of their own creation, and Spike turned and fled with a strangled cry, but he couldn't run hard or fast enough to lose the memories that nipped at his heels.

In the aftermath of what had to be the very best sex of his entire lifetime, Spike hadn't been able to move if he'd wanted to. Of course, he hadn't really wanted to all that bad, not when Liam had cleaned them both up and then crawled in behind him, wrapping his arms around Spike. He'd kissed the top of his head and whispered, “Stay the night?” and Spike had almost blurted out what he was thinking, that he'd stay forever if he wanted him. Instead, he'd just snuggled back into the big man's embrace and fallen asleep, thoroughly satisfied that he wanted to purr just from the sheer contentment of it...

Pain sliced into him, sharp and jagged, and Spike found himself wishing that it would just go ahead and dust him. He couldn't go on for the rest of his unlife like this, forever yearning for what he'd never get to have again, he already knew that. At least, not sober, he couldn't. Swallowing hard, the blond headed for the nearest liquor store. Hopefully Angel hadn't had time to cancel his credit cards yet, because he was going to need a whole lot more than just a six-pack to try and wash the taste of his sire's kisses from his lips.