I must have fallen asleep while reminiscing. Still half-asleep I
felt something between my cheeks and through the slit in my
panties.
It was a smooth cock that was rubbing against my tender bud.
Without turning to see who it was, I immediately spread wide my
cheeks, expecting, no, hoping to take more in my sore ass.
I felt a resounding slap on my thigh.
"Slut"
I could hear Eli's deep voice.
"I thought that was what you liked about me" I replied with not a
little touch of sarcasm.
"It is." He smiled.
He grabbed my feet and pulled me down toward the foot of the bed.

Through the slit he examined my boy pussy and the surrounding
area.
He ran his finger around my ring and the insides of my cheeks.
He leaned over and kissed my tushy hole.
It felt soothing and warm. I wiggled my butt for my man.
He pulled me up and sat me on the corner edge of the bed with my
legs spread open. He allowed his fingers to explore my cock and
balls and under my sac.
It was relaxing. I felt wanted.
My dick was hard. He bent over and ran his tongue over it. He
took me in his mouth and began sucking - the expertise was
indescribable. He took me to the verge of orgasm in minutes.
My thighs were shaking. My pussy felt wet and as if I were being
fucked without penetration.
He spanked my inner thighs and continued working my dick with his
tongue.
It was all I could do to hold back.
I leaned back and put my legs on his broad shoulders. I lifted my
butt and he ran his hands over my globes. He began licking my boy
cunt, which now quivered with anticipation.
His fingers explored me. His tongue made me squirm.
His hands ran up and down my thighs. I was begging to be fucked.
I felt the tip of his hard cock stretching me wide open, that
glorious staff began to fill me. My pussy was sucking him in.
"I want you in me" I murmured. "Oooooohhh  split me wide open"
He complied. I felt the full length of his majestic cock in my
ass. My cheeks were shaking as I pushed back, trying to get every
inch of him inside my hungry hole.
He began pumping and I was dizzy with heat. He started out slowly
but then built up to a steady pounding.
My boy pussy was dripping wet, just like a little girl, as his
cock pulled out and teased my hole, then he plunged back in
sending a thrill of orgasm through my small frame.
He kept this up for so long that I could not tell if they were
hours or days that went by. I wanted him more and more. His long
throbbing dick was all I could think of.
It seemed he would never come. As much as I wanted him to fill my
cunt with his juice, I never wanted him to stop.
Finally, he exploded - a torrent of cum poured into me and I
squeezed and contorted to get it all. I felt it dripping from my
hole, down my thighs, over my hardened balls.
"Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii  fuck me, fuck me, fuck me"
"Take it, Jayne. Take it all. It's yours!" he screamed.
He pulled out and spun me around. I grabbed his cock and
swallowed it whole in my mouth, and I could still feel the spasm
of his milk filling me. I drank it all down.
Now on my back with my legs spread-eagled he pulled my butt up
and invaded me again.
"Fuck me like a little girl" I cried.
"You are my little girl" and he continued stabbing my ass with
his long cock.
He fondled and stroked my little dick, squeezing my balls and
again, it squirted cum like a tight pussy.
I was in a frenzy of pleasure as he continued fucking me. I could
feel his cock harden even more, and in what seemed like minutes
since the last spasm, he came in my tight boy hole again.
"Fill me... make me your slut... pump me full of juice... devour
my hole..."
I was dizzy and could hardly walk when he finally stopped and lay
beside me on the bed.
His lips hugged mine and his tongue explored my mouth, which
tasted of us.
He savored it as you would a gourmet platter.
He laid me horizontally across the length of the bed now and
played with my pussy, and perineum, and my balls not completely
drained.
He licked my globes which were smeared with his cum.
He bent my legs and kissed fervently my feet, licking them as one
might lick a cunt.
This would never end.
I wouldn't let it. I would remain the submissive little girl I
was meant to be. My body belonged to Eli, and he acknowledged and
rewarded my gift.
