"Little Blanche" is a big girl

Edit by Lance Vargas

(Mg, ped, cons)

We must have downed three bottles of wine between the two of us catching up on old times. Blanche was my much younger cousin who was just outside of my orbit in the family at old reunions when we used to have them. So I never really knew much about her except we she became an adult.

It was a few years ago when we reconnected after her husband had died in a horrible accident at the plant in town. I knew she had come into quite a bit of money, so I was both surprised and not that she would be living in such a reasonable little house. It was just her daughter and her, and the house was perfect for her needs.

I always made it home for family occasions such as weddings and funerals. That's the nice part of living only three hours from home. It's far away enough to not be constantly bothered by family, and close enough to not miss an opportunity to be there when family comes.

The baptism of the newest addition to our large family was such an opportunity, and Blanche was kind enough to offer me her guest room for the evening. I was more than happy to accept, because she proved to be quite fun to be with and was more wicked and biting with her humor than I was!

The fact that she was good looking was an extra bonus, although I would never consider or even fantasize about anything of a prurient nature with her. Although, when she said that she used to have a crush on me when she was a little girl did poke my libido. But I just laughed and called her a snot nosed kid. She laughed and poured us another glass of wine.

I called Rae "Little Blanche," because the eight-year-old looked just like her mother when she was that age. Rae was just as smart and bright as her mom, and I enjoyed her company just as much.

When she asked me "Do you want to hear a joke?" I moaned internally thinking of the kind of jokes a kiddo would tell, but her mom said "oh, don't even start that!"

"Why did the mermaid wear seashells?" she asked.

"I'm sure I have no idea," I answered.

"Because her boobies were too big for B-shells!" she laughed.

I laughed more at her telling a boob joke than the joke itself. Her mom just put her face in her palm.

"Rae, stop it," she said.

"OK" Rae sang and skipped out of the room, her brunette curls bouncing. Yeah, she's going to be a looker just like her mom in about six of seven years I thought.

"Good thing you're staying over," Rae said looking out of the window. "Looks like we're going to have a storm this evening. You'd be driving right into it."

"All things considered," I began. "I'd much prefer to stay here even if the weather were perfect!"

The doorbell rang.

"Grubhub's here," I said as I got up from the sofa.

"What?" she asked.

"I knew we would get into the wine, so I ordered in," I explained.

"You didn't have to do that," Blanche whined. 

"Yes, he did!" Rae screamed as she ran back into the room.

We feasted on the Thai and Korean BBQ, and Rae ate like she hadn't seen food for a while.

"Rae, manners!" Mom shouted. If Rae calmed down I hadn't notice, but I also hadn't minded. She was a cutie who enjoyed her groceries.

"She definitely has a healthy appetite," I said.

"And she'll burn it off in an hour," Blanche replied. "Wish I had her metabolism," she said grabbing her love handles 

We put away the leftovers and went back to the living room for more wine.

"Y'all are gonna drink again?" Rae apparated into the room and yelled.

"Yes, and go away. Bath time," her Mom demanded.

The little girl shot up the stairs, and I watched her little legging-covered tush wiggle away.

The rain began hitting the windows, which only enhanced my drowsiness from the wine.

I told Blanche goodnight and headed up the stairs myself, while Blanche wobbled to her bedroom past the kitchen. I saw her putting a hand to the wall, and I giggled knowing she was quite tipsy.

The shower did little to wake me, so I slipped on a fresh pair of boxers and crawled under the covers.

I don't know how long I had been sleeping when I felt the covers being pulled and I awoke with a start. The lightning through the windows highlighted the small lump under the covers.

"Rae?" I asked.

"Is it ok if I sleep here for a little while? I'm scared of the thunder," she said.

At that moment the thunder rolled through the house and she squealed a loud "Eek!" and pulled the covers even tighter against her, and she backed up toward me. I backed up as a reflex in case she would come into contact with me under the sheets.

I'm in uncharted territory right here. I've never had kids, but I don't think I'd want my children sleeping with an adult in the same bed, even a relative. But I knew me, and I knew that she was safe in this bed.

So I rationalized that she wanted some security and I wanted some sleep, so it's all good. I patted her back and told her everything is OK and that she's a big girl.

Again, I have no idea how long I slept before I awoke with an erection - a very strong erection. And I also learned the very good reason for my erection: the little girl was spooning me as the little spoon with her back firmly pressing on my very erect member.

My first reaction was shock that this little girl might feel a grown man's hard dick, and I was afraid she would awaken and be frightened at what was happening.

I tried very slowly to move back in the bed, but it seemed the reflexively would move to be near me and press harder against me. Of course, this did nothing to relax my erection and in fact, heightened the sensation somewhat.

Then I realized she was not only pressing, she was very gently but firmly rocking very slightly from side to side. The pleasure was almost excruciating as I could feel her shoulder blades poke from side to side.

I was immediately struck with guilt. The pleasure was so wonderful, but the cause of it was so bad. I really wanted to stop it, but at the same time I told myself that I had no control over what she was doing. That was wrong, of course, because I could have stopped it at any time. But I could also please innocence saying I was sleeping the whole time. That was about as good a defense I could mount seeing as how my logical thinking was quickly becoming fogged by an impending orgasm.

The rocking became more deliberate, and I could not even imagine what she must be dreaming about. I tried to look to see if she was sleeping, but the little bit of light from the bathroom hardly illuminated the bed.

I suddenly experienced an emptiness in the pit of my stomach when I felt her move away from me in the bed, but I was shocked almost immediately.

She had moved up in the bed, bent forward and then just as quickly backed into my hardon again, but this time trapping my dick in between her tiny panty-covered butt cheeks.

And this time she was rocking up and down on my shaft!

It was becoming intense, and I was hesitant about going further despite how fantastic the feeling was. Still I rationalized that she had no idea what she was doing, and I was getting off while being completely innocent.

That theory was thrown out of the window when my shaft slipped out from her cheeks and rested on her hip. She nonchalantly reached back with her small hand and moved my dick back between her cheeks.

Oh shit, she did know what was going on!

Suddenly, she threw the covers back and turned around in bed. I quickly closed my eyes pretending to still be asleep. I felt her moving in bed, and then my eyes shot open when I felt her pulling at my boxers and unsnapping them.

She can't be! I looked down at the top of her head as her attention was focused below my waist.

She was! She quickly fished my cock out of my underwear.

This was too much!

She gripped it and pulled my foreskin over the glans. Then she pulled it back exposing the purple head. I watched her studying my penis intently. She pulled my fly wide open and moved her small hand further down my shaft until she reached my balls.

She then gripped it at the base, and I gritted my teeth at the intensity. She then squeezed with the other hand just below the head.

That was all it took! I began to cum so fiercely that it sprayed her face and the front of her gown. She screamed and immediately jumped out of bed watching my dick continue to ejaculate. I was still pretending to be asleep, but I really wanted to grab my dick and finish it off. Instead, I just let the cum leak out.

I could barely see her in the dim light, but she was holding her hands up with fingers down apparently letting the cum drip from her hands. 

"Yucky," I heard her whisper, and then she left the room. The room was flooded with light as the bathroom door opened, and I could hear the water running.

I waited for more than 15 minutes before getting up to clean myself off. I didn't know if she would be coming back to bed or was satisfied enough to go back to her room.

I stripped my boxers and went into the bathroom to clean off. I soaked a washcloth under the warm water and began to wipe the cum off of my stomach. I washed my penis, which, of course, made me erect again.

At that moment, Rae came into the bathroom rubbing her eyes and asked "What are you doing?"

I was fully nude with a washcloth in my hand and a full hard on in the other. I couldn't answer. I froze in place.

She smiled and said "oh." Then stood there staring for a second or two, and then she turned around and left the room. 

I quickly returned to my room to grab a fresh pair of boxers from my suitcase. 

I used the cloth to wipe as much cum from the sheets as I could. I then returned to the bathroom to put the cloth in the hamper, and I saw her cum covered nightgown in there. I took it out of the hamper and wiped it off with the same cloth. That would be very difficult to explain how my semen was on her nightgown.

I turned to leave the bathroom, and the door opened again. I wasn't surprised to see Rae again, but I was surprised to see her completely naked.

Yes, she was a child, but she was absolutely beautiful. 

"I can't get my gown," she whined.

I followed her to her room watching her cute little tush bounce from side to side knowing that my pecker had rested between it just a few minutes ago. She pointed to a drawer in her dressed and I tugged on it only to realize that it really was stuck because it was overstuffed. She was right, she couldn't get her gown. I managed to force it open, grabbed a gown and handed it to her.

I watched her slip it on over her head, her naked bottom giving me a show as she wiggled into it.

"Are you ok?" I asked.

"Yes, sir. Thank you," she replied sleepily. 

"OK, now go to sleep and stay in bed," I said.

"I will. Good night," she yawned.

I patted her hip and said "Good night."

She asked "Do you want to sleep in my bed with me?"

I said, "No, Sweetie. I'm good." The truth is that I really wanted to crawl into bed with her, but that would have been a completely different scenario, and I did not want to go there. I had plausible deniability on my side, or at least that's what I rationalized I had.

The next morning I had the coffee ready when Blanche awoke. She and I were enjoying a cup in the breakfast nook when Rae came downstairs rubbing her eyes.

"Hey, Sleepyhead. What are you doing up?" her mother asked.

"I couldn't sleep. I had a weird dream," she said. "I dreamed that 'uncle' Lance and me was playing, and then it started raining all over me."

I raised my eyebrows.

"Well, it was raining last night, so that's probably what you were dreaming about," Blanche explained.

"Yeah, I know. I was scared, too," Rae said.

"Oh, you should have come get me. You could have slept with me," Mom said.

"No, that's OK. I'm a big girl now. I turned into a big girl last night," she said and smiled at me.

I choked on my coffee.
