Kakashi frowned as he peered in the window. Pakkun had told him that there was five ninja, but he could only count three—wait, there was one in the corner, looking worse than the others.

So where was the fifth?

“Hey,” Pakkun slid up to him, murmuring. “I did a sweep of the area and around the house and they’ve burned and buried a body recently. It’s a bit hard to tell with the charring, but I think it smells like one of their ninjas.”

“I hope you’re right,” Kakashi muttered back. “Go back to where you came from.”

“I want a steak when you get home. In fact, I think I deserve three!” Pakkun grumbled. “Don’t do anything too stupid.” He vanished.

Kakashi turned his sights on the ninjas in the small cabin.
xXxXxXxXxXx
The blond one was talking and he scowled deeply when he recognised her as the ninja who had been stalking him in the past few weeks. She had a black eye, a big bandage across her cheeks, a slightly bloody bandage around her leg, and she was moving slightly stiffly. He wondered what had happened to her as he carefully eased the window open enough for him to hear what she was saying.

“…we’ll see what they say then!”

“Don’t count on things too much yet.” A huge scaly figure that looked like a badly drawn comic rendition of a lizard-man growled. He scratched at a red and ugly looking rash that seemed to cover most of his body. “They haven’t paid us anything yet.” He shifted, and Kakashi noted with interest that one of his arms was in a sling and the bloody pieces of cloth on the end spoke of recent amputation.

“It’s pretty much a shoo-in by this point,” she snorted. “Hell, I think we should demand extra!”

A twitchy and strung-out ninja with crutches and third-degree burns and bruising on her left half of her body spoke up. “For shipping and handling?”

“That’s a good idea, too. First decent one you’ve had in ages. I told you that drugs rot your brain!” The black-eyed blonde leaned back slightly. “No, for fixing that worthless schoolteacher for them.” Kakashi reminded himself he was not allowed to kill anyone unless absolutely necessary. “If it wasn’t for our work, that stupid little pansy would be trying to escape all the time again.”

Even as he was repeating that a homicidal rage was not a very good reason for disobeying orders, Kakashi felt a stirring of warmth that his Iruka had tried to escape—

“Little arrogant fucker, thinking that the last seven times would end any differently than the first!”

—Make that a rush of warmth that his Iruka, despite the odds against him, had escaped eight times. And Kakashi would bet that didn’t count all the attempts, either.

“The attempts died down since you fix him.” Lizard-man shifted slightly and winched.

Tsunade said he couldn’t kill—

“I knew it would.” The smug look on Blondie’s face made Kakashi’s hand itch for a Chidori. He repeated the mission perimeters again—

She smirked suddenly. “Too bad the poof took away all of Teng’s equipment. We could have had some real entertainment then, seeing what that tight little ass could do!”

Fuck what Tsunade said.
xXxXxXxXxXx
Kakashi shoved the eunuch in front of him, feeling little sympathy at the trouble the man had with walking. He watch as the man splashed and stumbled against the oaken door. “Open it.” He demanded.

He jammed another kunai in the man’s shoulder when he took too long. “You’re lucky that ‘poof’ got to you first, because I can guarantee you, I have no problems with making you even less of a man than you already are. Think of what’s left of the blonde up there if you don’t believe me. Now, open the door!”

Kakashi was instantly grateful he had pushed the other ninja through the door first because the man tripped and that activated a trap made of a rock, torn-up clothing, and a leg iron. He was dead before he hit the water and Kakashi thought it looked like an uncomfortable way to go.

Then his breath caught.

Against the back wall, kneeling in the cold scummy water, his Iruka slowly looked up. His face was parched and gaunt and his hair hung in greasy, limp clumps around his face. One of the hands that was shackled in front of him with rusty chains was discoloured and swollen. Under the heavy iron around his neck and wrists, Kakashi could see that flesh was raw and ugly.

But the brown eyes that looked up him were dark and burning.

“Iruka,” Kakashi whispered and the man’s face didn’t change. He was fighting on instinct, Kakashi realised, and he had to say something to snap the chunin out of it. “Iruka,” he tried again.

Iruka glared at him, probably not really seeing him.

“Sensei—”

The brown eyes suddenly widened and for the first time, recognition flickered in the endless depths. “Sss…ssse…sssttt…” The voice could barely be called one; it sounded more like someone trying to force a rusty iron box over sandpaper-covered concrete. “…tttrrr…ppp…ssss…dddntt…”

He moved—painfully and slowly—and Kakashi resisted the urge to run over to him. Iruka jerked something, and Kakashi watched—slightly amazed—as he disengaged three more traps.

Only then did he hurry over and catch Iruka’s swaying form.

It didn’t take him long to gently remove the shackles or to carefully scoop up the chunin. Iruka felt frail and brittle—two things Kakashi never would have associated with them man. But he was alive and still fighting to remain so.

Yanking the few salvageable bandages from one of the body, Kakashi carried the schoolteacher out into the small clearing. Then he hit the whole building with a fireball.

To destroy the evidence, of course.

Not because he wanted to resurrect the ninjas inside and then kill them much more slowly than he had.

Carefully sitting down with Iruka propped up next to him, he began to coax the tan man to drink a few drops of water from his canteen. He felt guilty when he had to pull it away to stop Iruka from drinking it too fast and the man had made a soft whimpering noise. He petted the greasy hair, pushing it off of the drawn face. “We’ll get some food into you once we get you patched up and more water in you.”

Iruka only closed his eyes in exhausted bliss when Kakashi let him have a little bit more water.

Kakashi bit back the fury that threatened to boil over when he got a good look at Iruka’s left hand. He knew he should have used that flesh-eating jutsu he had learned in the Rain Country on those worthless scumbags! And that way, he could have said he didn’t kill them, per se…

The damage was more than Kakashi was going to be able to fix right there; Iruka was going to have to wait until Tsunade could heal it (the thought of another medical ninja healing Iruka didn’t even cross Kakashi’s mind; Iruka was going to get the best). All he could do now was carefully wrap the hand up in a thick soft splint, put it in a make-shift sling, and send soothing chakra into it.

He also couldn’t do much for the soles of Iruka’s feet (he had to indulge in another bloody fantasy that included iron maidens, hot coals, and a pig farm before the blind rage had subsided); whatever they had done, the flesh was mangled. He gently smoothed in some cool ointment, loosely covered them, and wondered if there was a way to reanimate burnt bodies so he could kill them again, excruciatingly slow.

The raw spots from the shackles and the huge bruise on Iruka’s sunken cheek were the easiest things to treat; Iruka would possibly have some scarring from where the metal had rubbed, but it’d be minimal.

Using one of the dying pockets of fire from the cabin’s remains, Kakashi heated some water up to make up a thin, weak gruel. He would have to make broth or something else later, but for now, this would do. It would get at least a little bit of nutrients into the slightly smaller man.

It didn’t take long to persuade Iruka to eat or to erase any traces of them having been there. He smoothly scooped up Iruka again, and started for home.

Iruka let out a low cry a few bounds later. Frowning, Kakashi glanced down. He was spending more chakra than was necessary to ensure that his movements and landings were perfectly smooth, so he didn’t think that he was jarring the other man. But that had definitely been a cry of pain, so he slowly landed and balanced Iruka on his hip. “Iruka? What did I jolt? Did I miss something?”

Iruka’s better hand shook as he tapped his chest. Swearing at himself for missing a wound, he tenderly leaned Iruka up against a rock and apologised for not realising. Slowly, cautiously, he smoothed his hand over the ribs that were starting to protrude.

He froze when the chunin’s hand fell heavily on his face, the unusually clumsy fingers shoving his hitai-ate out of the way. He almost pulled it back down without opening his eye.

But he blinked and then he understood what Iruka was trying to do.

Ugly chakra bands coiled around Iruka and his chakra, tying him to the site and preventing him from getting too far away from it. Judging the way they were tied around Iruka’s bright and warm chakra, they had been tightening with every leap Kakashi had made and now were slowly strangling Iruka’s pathways.

Kakashi swore again. This was going to unpleasant for both of them and he wished for a Byakugan user. It was an invasive procedure at its best and it was hard to do; it also wouldn’t help that all he had was the Sharingan. It meant a lot of this was going to have be done by feel with only sight to guide him in the general direction. “Iruka, Iruka-sensei,” he made sure the slightly glassy brown eyes were looking up at him. “I have to cut and remove that binding jutsu on you. I’m going to have to be very personal and intrusive for it to work. It’s also going to hurt and I can’t stop that, but I’ll try to minimise it as much as I can, all right?”

The dark brown eyes regarded him before sliding shut in an obvious show of trust. Iruka even tilted his head back so Kakashi could reach the chakra points easier and he let himself be completely vulnerable.

Having not only his Iruka’s acknowledgement but his trust made Kakashi take a deep breath before going to work.

He didn’t deserve such faith, but he wasn’t about to let it be misplaced.

He went to work.