Raider and the Lost Lamp
by Mythical Traveller

CHAPTER VII


Clara awoke in the early hours of the morning. It took her a few seconds to realise 
why she could not feel the soft mattress beneath her. She opened her eyes and lifted 
her head a little, so that she could look over her sleeping master. A smile crossed her 
face as she remembered the events of the night before, and thought about the position 
she was in now. This was something of a new experience for her. Clara was by no 
means a virgin; she had had three 'youthful indiscretions' during her college years. But 
this was the first time that she had ever woken up the morning after and not regretted 
what had happened the previous night.

She folded her fingers on Jeff's chest and rested her head on them, watching him 
sleep. She layed there in that pose for over forty minutes before Jeff finally roused, 
although to Clara it seemed like only a few moments. Waiting, after all, came as 
second nature for genies. Jeff made what sounded like a habitual morning groan as he 
began to stir. He blinked weakly a couple of times before noticing Clara, then his eyes 
were wide open.

"You've recuperated already? I must be getting rusty," Clara joked in a quiet voice.

"Well I wasn't going to tell you, but I did have to get up in the middle of the night and 
get a heating pad for my back, and my right leg's kinda numb," Jeff said with a 
straight face. Clara smiled and leaned forward to kiss him. Then she layed her head 
back down on Jeff's shoulders and he wrapped his arms around her.

"Can I use my third wish to set you free?" Jeff asked, staring up at the ceiling once 
again. Clara lifted her head again and looked Jeff straight in the eye.

"Would you do that?" she asked in a surprised tone.

"Well... Yeah," Jeff replied. At first Clara was delighted by this response, but then a 
sense of disappointment descended on her. Jeff had to give that answer, regardless of 
whether or not he meant it. Only a total asshole would've said no to a question like 
that.

"That's... very sweet of you," Clara said, trying to sound flattered. "But to answer your 
question: no, you can't wish me free," she said as she layed down once more. 
"Tukanni made it a condition of the imprisonment spell that the lamp's prisoner can't 
be wished out of their enslavement..."

"Wow," Jeff responded, once again wrapping his arms around Clara. "She really 
wanted to make sure her sister would never be freed, didn't she?"

"That's right," Clara agreed.

"Bitch!" Jeff said with an odd level of bitterness, considering that he was on the 
master side of the spell.

"That's the understatement of the millennium... or, rather, the last nine of them," Clara 
remarked. "The lamp was never designed to be an object of power. It's only intended 
purpose was to be a torture chamber for her big sister."

"You sound very sure of that," Jeff commented.

"I am sure of it. Tukanni could've just murdered Zhiasa, she certainly had the 
ingenuity to get away with it. The throne would've automatically passed to her. No, 
Tukanni wanted to make sure Zhiasa suffered. The evidence is all there; the taunting 
message in the lamp, the mural on the ceiling, which I'm sure shows Zhiasa bowing 
down to her sister... and the costume! Imagine how degrading it must've felt for a 
crown princess to all of a sudden find herself dressed in the clothes of a concubine; 
clothes that basically say to any male around, My body is yours, do whatever you 
want to me, Clara pointed out.

Jeff remained oddly silent for a few seconds and when Clara looked up at him, there 
was a guilty expression on his face. She wondered if her little rant had made him 
worry about whether he had taken advantage of her last night.

"Oh, don't be like that!" she grumbled. "I enjoyed it very much," Clara said with a 
smile, which Jeff seemed to take solace in. "As a matter of fact, I haven't had that 
much fun in..." Clara paused as she recalled how unfulfilling all of her previous 
sexual encounters had been. "Actually, last night was, without a doubt, the most 
incredible sexual experience I have ever had!" she declared, immediately wincing 
afterwards. She hadn't intended to be so forward, but she had been caught off-guard 
by the truth clause of the enslavement spell.

"Really?" Jeff asked sceptically, as Clara's adamant tone had made it sound like she 
was over-selling the experience.

"Would I lie to you?" Clara asked sheepishly, as she raised her head slightly to look 
Jeff in the eye.

"No, I guess not," Jeff chuckled, realising now why she'd responded the way she did. 
Clara laid her head back down on his shoulder. Jeff began to slowly rub one hand up 
and down her bare back as he held her. It wasn't long before she felt completely at 
ease again.

"She made the lamp indestructible, as well..." Jeff said, sounding deep in thought.

"What?" Clara asked.

"Tukanni. She made it so that the lamp could never be destroyed," Jeff responded.

"Yes. She was determined to ensure that Zhiasa would spend eternity being enslaved. 
I expect the only reason Tukanni gave her amulet the power to release the lamp's 
prisoner was as a safeguard, in case she accidentally trapped herself in there," Clara 
theorised.

"Clara, do you think that Zhiasa was a sympathetic person? Towards the end of her 
imprisonment, I mean?" Jeff asked.

"Well, I wouldn't think she'd have much sympathy for Tukanni," Clara quipped flatly. 
"But in general, I would say she seemed like a very kind and thoughtful woman all 
through her life. Mind you, it's a biased view; I only know her through her own 
journal."

"So that's a yes?" Jeff remarked. A few seconds later, he broke out into an almost 
disturbing chuckle. Finding the sensation of Jeff's chest bouncing up and down 
beneath her somewhat distracting, Clara sat up. She could not help but notice the big 
silly grin on Jeff's face.

"What's so funny?" she asked him.

"We are so blind," he replied in an amused tone. Clara silently asked him what was 
going on in his mind with a perplexed expression. "Pretend for a moment that you're 
Zhiasa," Jeff began, the sense of rationality rapidly returning to his voice. "You've just 
found your sister's tomb, gone in and gotten the amulet. Now the first thing you'd 
probably do is take it back inside the lamp, place it in that little niche in the wall, and, 
in theory, free yourself..."

"Right..." Clara said in agreement.

"Okay, so now you're back in the real world as a free woman. You'll probably run 
over to hubby and give him a big hug, make a lengthy speech about how great it is to 
be free, and advise all the children in the room to stay in school and out of lamps..." 
Jeff said, prompting a smile from Clara. "But now what do you do?" Clara thought 
about the question for a second before Jeff continued. "Here you are with the most 
inhumane prison ever created in your hands, a prison that you've learned can not be 
destroyed. And now that you're free, there's nothing to stop it taking another victim. 
You've just escaped from an eight-thousand-year sentence in there yourself, you 
wouldn't want anybody to have to go through the endless nightmare that you went 
through. But like I said, the lamp is indestructible, and if you have any foresight, then 
you know that eventually somebody will find it and rub it, no matter how well you 
hide it. Then, perhaps after having a good think about what to do next, you remember 
that your entire life as a genie, including your search for the amulet, is chronicled in 
that little journal you left back in the lamp. And provided that you don't take the 
amulet with you when you leave the tomb, you'll have left the next resident of the 
lamp directions to their own freedom..."

"Oh my god..." Clara exclaimed in amazement.

"That's where it is, Clara, where it always has been! On the peak where two suns join 
as one!" Jeff passionately declared. Clara looked down into his eyes with an excited 
smile. She could almost see the feeling of accomplishment in him that he'd talked 
about the night before.

"So where is the 'peak where two suns join as one'?" Clara asked, facetiously 
pretending that she wasn't already impressed by Jeff's revelation.

"You mean you don't know? Well, it's very simple, you just go down the road that 
leads to the peak where two moons join as one, but when you get to the intersection, 
you hang a left instead of a right," Jeff said playfully, making Clara chuckle. "I'll draw 
you a map, after breakfast, if you'd like..."

"It's still early. Cook won't start for a couple of hours," Clara said, deliberately 
changing the subject. Even though he was joking, Clara thought Jeff's suggestion of 
waiting until after breakfast to begin looking for the tomb was a good idea.

"Really?" Jeff asked rhetorically as he sat up in front of her, "I suppose we'll have to 
find some way of amusing ourselves until then. Any ideas?" he asked as he wrapped 
his hands around her waist. Clara gently moved forward and kissed him. Her tongue 
moved past his lips, slithering around aimlessly inside his mouth, eliciting a buzz of 
pleasure in Jeff wherever it went. Jeff, meanwhile, sent his fingers on an exploration 
mission of their own, although they didn't venture too far from Clara's waist, as if they 
were only warming up for the excitement to come.

"You really are brilliant," Clara smiled as the kiss ended.

"Thanks, but I haven't even started yet," Jeff said with a smirk. Clara chuckled and 
they kissed again.

"There are many forms of brilliance, Jeff, you just happen to posses at least two of 
them," Clara said with dash of classic English charm. Jeff seemed genuinely flattered 
by the compliment as he leaned forward seeking delight from her warm lips. Clara 
moved her hands around behind his neck, while his hands travelled down to test the 
firmness of her ass. They were not disappointed.

"I got the distinct impression that you really got a kick out of the... more supernatural 
moments during our fun last night," Jeff commented as their kiss ended.

"And I thought I did such a good job of acting nonchalant," Clara quipped. "It felt 
really, really bizarre, but SO DAMN GOOD, as well," she said, growling the last part, 
as the memory of spontaneous orgasms began to replay in her mind. "I never thought 
I'd say this, but being a genie is not without it's perks..."

"You know, I've been thinking about the other ways we could have a little fun with 
that part of the spell, and I've just been wondering how far my control over you 
extends..." Jeff said. "Do you mind if I try something out? Clara shook her head, 
curious as to what Jeff's theory might be. "Go into a trance," Jeff commanded, in a 
commanding but unsure tone.

Clara's eyes fell shut and her head slumped over to one side, her face expressionless. 
Jeff instinctively moved his hands up her body to support her weight, but it seemed 
there was no need, Clara remained sitting upright of her own volition.

"Clara?" Jeff said tentatively, watching the motionless genie for any sudden changes.

"Yes... Jeff" she responded, in an almost creepy monotonous voice.

"Are you in a trance?" Jeff asked.

"Yes...Jeff. You commanded me to go into a trance." she replied.

Jeff sat silent for a while, thinking about how he could use this heightened level of 
control over his slave to provide them both with a satisfying erotic experience. 
Eventually his eyes drifted over her firm, ample breasts. He remembered making a 
secret promise to himself the night before, to spend a great deal of time adoring and 
enjoying them, but in the heat of the moment, he had failed to give them even a 
fraction of the attention that he'd intended to. With a contented smile, Jeff moved his 
hands around the front of Clara, to gently cup the perfect orbs from below.

"Clara?" Jeff said in a tone that suggested new commands were about to follow.

"Yes...Jeff?" Clara repeated.

"For starters, could you please smile? You have a very beautiful smile, Clara," Jeff 
requested, finding the zombie-ish aura she'd adopted to be something of a turn off.

"Thank you, Jeff," Clara said, smiling as commanded. Even her tone of voice seemed 
to warm up.

"Clara, imagine that you have within you a... pneumatic orgasm machine..." Jeff 
began, rolling his eyes at the corny title he'd just invented, "...and that the air valves 
that power this machine are on your breasts." Jeff gave the lovely mounds a gentle 
squeeze, and the smile on Clara's face seemed to grow. "Now every time I suckle on 
one of your boobs, the machine will run, and as you can imagine, when the machine is 
running it will be giving you a great deal of sexual pleasure, and the harder I suck, the 
stronger the sense of pleasure will be. In fact, if I suckle on your breasts hard enough 
or long enough, it will send you right over the edge, and you will have an orgasm." 
Jeff noticed that Clara's smile definitely grew larger upon that last instruction. 

"Also," Jeff continued, "on the tip of both of your nipples is a 'turbo' button for the 
machine. If I touch either one of them in any way, the machine will go into overdrive 
and you will get a quick jolt of pleasure. By the way, you won't feel the pleasure in 
your breasts..." Jeff commanded as he removed one of his hands from her chest. "You 
will feel it here..." he said, as he slid one finger slowly between the outer lips of her 
privates. Clara sighed happily. Then Jeff sat in silence for a few seconds, while Clara 
patiently waited. He thought about their sex the night before and how incredibly hot it 
was when Clara literally begged him to enter her. He very much wanted to see that 
level of desire in her again.

"Now there's something you should know about the pneumatic orgasm machine, 
Clara..." Jeff said. "The person it's pleasuring will... adapt to it after prolonged 
exposure, just like theyd adjust to a hot bath. After a while the pleasure it provides 
will become less and less, until eventually all you will feel from it is a gentle glow of 
pleasure. And no matter how much you want to come, the machine just won't have the 
influence over you to bring you satisfaction. However, your body will, of course, still 
be receptive to the... more conventional methods of getting off," he admitted as he ran 
his fingers through her labia once again. "And if you ask nicely, I'll be more than 
happy to have sex with you again." Jeff lifted Clara's chin gently with his hand and 
planted a tender kiss on her lips. "Now once we begin to have sex, Clara, you must 
not come until I order you to, no matter how badly you need to, do you understand?" 
Jeff commanded. He planned to keep her on edge (as well as himself) for as long as 
possible, then have her come just before himself.

"Yes, Jeff," she replied in the same monotonous tone.

"But when I do tell you to come, you will have the most stupendous orgasm that you 
have ever had in your entire life, and you will feel exceptionally good afterwards," 
Jeff said, to ensure that Clara would be well rewarded for her patience. He thought for 
a moment about whether there was any other commands he wanted to give her while 
she was in this suggestive state, but could not think of any, so he decided to wind 
things up. 

"Once I have ordered you to come, Clara, you no longer need to follow any of the 
suggestions I have just given you," he said. "Also, Clara, when you come out of this 
trance, you will not remember anything I have just said to you, or even that you were 
in a trance," Jeff declared, figuring that his little game would not be anywhere near as 
fun if Clara knew the rules. "However, you will remember it all after I've ordered you 
to come. Now I will count to three, and when I say 'three', you will be wide awake. 
One...Two... Three..."

Clara's eyes fluttered open and her strength seemed to magically return to her. She 
blinked heavily, and shook her head, as if to clear it.

"Are you okay? You looked like you were about to collapse there for a second?" Jeff 
asked, giving a flawless impression of genuine concern.

"I just had a bit of a funny turn..." Clara stated in confusion.

"We can stop. I mean, if you don't feel up to..." Jeff offered.

"No, no!" Clara said insistently, lunging gracefully forward and pushing her lips 
against Jeff's as her enthusiasm quickly returned to her. "...Let's not do anything 
drastic," she smiled when the kiss ended. "What was it that you were going to try?" 
she asked.

"You know what, let's save that for some other time. It's a little too early to be trying 
out exotic ideas," Jeff responded.

"If you insist..." Clara said, not seeming to care either way. They kissed yet again, and 
then Jeff began padding a trail of kisses slowly down the side of her neck. Clara 
absently ran her fingers through his hair as she let him incite her arousal however he 
wanted. Jeff made a brief detour, kissing along the skin to her smooth creamy 
shoulder before making a U-turn and moving his attention down her body, with an 
obvious destination. Clara leaned back slightly to make it easier for him. Jeff slid a 
hand up against one of Clara's breasts and began gently squeezing and caressing it 
from below, while his other hand performed similar ministrations on one of her firm 
buttocks. Then he planted his lips over her other breast, being very careful not to 
touch the nipple itself. He waited just a moment before he began to gently suck. An 
unusual shiver of delight pulsed through Clara's body. Goose pimples appeared on her 
arms and both of her nipples quickly became erect. 

"Mmm... I like that!" She purred in a velvety voice.

"That makes two of us," Jeff said playfully, briefly removing his lips from her alluring 
mound. He suckled on her again, a bit stronger this time, and Clara began to moan, 
quietly at first, but quickly raising in volume. Jeff quickly found this to be an 
excellent way to monitor Clara's level of arousal and began to adjust the air pressure 
in his mouth based on Clara's moans. He teased her for a little while, suckling on her 
until she got to a certain volume, and then quickly easing off, (to which her moan 
became instantly quieter) only to gradually begin suckling harder again. Then without 
warning, he gave her three strong sucks in a row, and topped it off by brushing her 
other nipple with one of his fingers.

Clara moaned deeply as she began to rock her hips back and forward, despite being 
several inches away from Jeff's cock. Jeff quickly reshuffled his position, moving his 
lips on to her other breast while his hands traded places. He began kneading one of 
her luscious orbs with his hand immediately, but waited until she stopped gyrating her 
hips before he began to suckle her again. This time he did not begin timidly. He 
sucked on her with considerable pressure, which he raised and lowered slightly to 
begin rhythmic waves of pleasure inside her. Then he touched the smooth surface of 
her lovely breast with the tip of his tongue, and began to trace an inward-spinning 
spiral around her areola with it. Clara was already riding on a high when Jeff's tongue 
darted over her nipple, not once or twice, but three times. She was rocked by three 
quick spasms in her nether regions, three short but sharp orgasms that collided with 
each other to become one.

"Oooooooooh!" She moaned loudly. "Oh my g... Before she could finish, Jeff sucked 
on her breast as hard as he dared Clara's eyes closed tight as she shrieked in ecstasy. 
Her legs clenched around Jeff's torso just like they had the night before, and her arms 
pulled Jeff's face deep into her bosom as the 'orgasm machine' Jeff had created within 
her roared into full power. When it seemed like she was beginning to come down, Jeff 
pushed his tongue deep into her sensitive nipple, and held it there, while 
simultaneously holding his thumb onto her other nipple. She cried out again as some 
unseen force stimulated her entire womanhood, sending her right over the edge again.

Only when the orgasm had seemed to run it's course did Jeff release her nipples, while 
slowly reducing his level of suction. Jeff planted a tender kiss on her nipple just as she 
seemed to have come completely down, and she shuddered in delight.

"That was amazing!" Clara exclaimed. "It was almost like you were inside of me!"

"I guess I must have the Midas touch, then," Jeff said with a smile, while gently 
massaging her perfect breasts with both hands.

"You can say that again!" she readily agreed.

Jeff teased her for a while before making use of the suggestions in her subconscious 
again. While he continued to caress her breasts with his hands, he layed tender kisses 
at random points on the surfaces of her yielding breasts, alternating between them and 
occasionally kissing the firm space in between. But he did not go near her nipples nor 
did her suckle on her. Clara continued running her fingers through his hair, while 
periodically moaning quietly. Her eyes closed, her head swaying slowly around 
absently, Clara let herself simply enjoy the sensations from Jeff's tender attentions to 
her chest leaving the arousal to build in her womanhood.

When it seemed like she was least expecting it, Jeff ran his tongue up her breast from 
the very bottom, savouring the taste of the beautiful mound. As his tongue slid over 
her nipple, a quake of pleasure rocked through Clara's body, shaking her out of her 
reverie, and she cried out. Jeff's tongue continued it's journey until it had reached the 
very top of her breast. Then, before the shot of pleasure could subside, Jeff moved his 
mouth back down to her nipple and began to suckle on it.

Clara's breath became more and more ragged, as Jeff's extraordinarily arousing 
technique left her no time to recover. As he continued to suck on her, Clara could feel 
herself careening faster and faster towards another orgasm. Then she felt Jeff's tongue 
brush against the tip of her nipple and she was instantly there. Her body shook once 
again, although much more wildly this time, as her vaginal muscles spasmed in 
orgasm, drowning out every other sensation in her body with their cacophony of 
pleasure. Then all of a sudden it went away, as quickly as it had come. She could feel 
herself back near the edge, like she was almost ready to come, but not quite there, and 
she could also feel Jeff still suckling on her breast.

Jeff began to increase the intensity of his suckling in bursts. Judging by her moans, 
the stronger suction gave her a little more pleasure, but not for long. His suckling just 
wasn't having the same effect on her that it was having before. "The built-in 
obsolescence of the 'pneumatic orgasm machine' kicking in," Jeff thought to himself. 
He decided to adore her magnificent breasts until the 'machine' became completely 
ineffective, even though he was pretty sure she would not get another orgasm out of 
it. 

Clara seemed to realise that her climax would need to come from another source, as 
well. Jeff was surprised to feel slender feminine fingers delicately wrapping 
themselves around Jeff's fully erect cock. Somehow she had moved her free hand 
down there without him noticing. Slowly, she began to work her hand up and down 
his shaft. For a moment, Jeff was worried that Clara might bring their fun to an end 
before it even really began. But she was smart enough to not be too vigorous, and 
besides, it felt so damn good he didn't have the will to ask her to stop. He figured it 
was just her way of getting him so aroused that he wouldn't be able to resist entering 
her. If so, it was starting to work.

Before long, even tickling her nipple with his tongue, seemed to give Clara only a 
minor jolt of pleasure. He was still suckling on her breast, but her moans were quickly 
dying in intensity. In the end, they didn't fade away, rather, they abruptly stopped, just 
before Jeff felt Clara's hand under his chin, firmly lifting his head up. Clara quickly 
pushed her lips against Jeff's and began to gently caress his tongue with her own.

"I'm about as turned on as I can possibly be" she admitted when the long kiss 
finally ended. "...And I get the feeling that you are, as well..." she said with a 
mischievous smile as she ran her fingers gently up the shaft of Jeff's cock. "I'm all 
yours. Take me." She kissed him briefly, although hungrily, before he could respond. 
Then she climbed off of his legs and layed down, on her belly, in front of him, all the 
while shooting him a seductive glare. She gave him a couple of seconds to admire her 
firm butt, which, until now, he had only been acquainted with by touch, before parting 
her thighs to reveal her snatch, glistening with her juices. It only took a glimpse at that 
inviting sight to reel Jeff in. He moved forward, leaning over her, getting himself into 
position, and placing the tip of his penis in the warm moistness of her parted labia. 
Then he slowly pulled his hips forward and entered her hungry womanhood.

"Oooooh Yes!" Clara purred in delight. Jeff's hips began to gyrate as soon as he was 
completely inside of her, and before long, Clara's moans were loud and impassioned 
once again. Faster and faster he moved within her, Clara clearly on edge already, the 
energy that would power his eruption quickly accumulating in Jeff's loins. An 
incredible orgasm could've been mere moments away, but he yearned to experience 
even more pleasures of her flesh. He ceased his thrusts and, without removing his 
cock from her body, silently coaxed Clara to roll over onto her side. He manoeuvred 
one hand below her before she got settled, reaching it around to fondle a breast as he 
began to exert himself inside her once again. They hadn't wasted any time in changing 
position, so they were both still highly aroused.

Clara resumed her long, luxuriating moans as Jeff's rod worked it's wonderful magic 
inside her. She had already been so close to coming, and with Jeff's ever-quickening 
pace and his skilful massaging of her breast, she couldn't understand why she hadn't 
already climaxed. Then Jeff slid the fingers of his other hand down the vee of her sex 
and began to gently rub and tease her excited clit. Almost simultaneously he began to 
kiss and suck the skin on the side of her neck. All of this bought her even closer (if 
that were possible) to a fantastic orgasm. Yet no matter how much she tried to let 
herself, she could not reach it. The pleasures that were surging through her now were 
heavenly, but without that elusive climax they were all for nothing. While their bodies 
writhed wantonly together, a single tear seeped from one of Clara's closed eyes, at the 
hopelessness of the situation. At least her lover would not go wanting. Jeff's moans 
developed a sudden sense of urgency, indicating that his orgasm could not be held off 
much longer.

"Come!" Jeff uttered the essential command into Clara's ear. Instantly her entire body 
became electrified with pleasure, as she hurtled into the most potent climax she had 
ever experienced. Her back arched, forcing her womanhood hard onto his already 
deeply penetrating shaft. Her every vaginal muscle spasmed uncontrollably, as her 
roasting canal tightened around Jeff's cock, in the most amorous of embraces. 
Convoys of ecstasy rushed through her body at blinding speed, through every nerve, 
every vein, every artery, with no telling where they had come from and where they 
were going. For a brief, yet endless moment, Clara's consciousness abandoned reality 
all together, basking in a raw coital pleasure so powerful it left no room for any other 
form of awareness. She was so far gone she could not feel Jeff pumping surge after 
surge of semen into her body.

After an indeterminate time, the orgasm began to slowly release it's hold on her. 
Clara's senses returned to her just in time for her to feel the last loads of semen 
pulsing through Jeff's manhood. Their moans became less frequent, and much less 
dire. Their tense bodies began to slowly relax, muscle by muscle. The frenzy of 
orgasmic ecstasy ravaging both their bodies died away, leaving a sense of thorough 
exhaustion, and a powerful sense of warm contentment in it's wake. They both fell 
silent, their breaths still deep, but no longer vocal. The hand that Jeff had been teasing 
Clara's nether regions with moved it's way up her body, trailing circles slowly over 
her mons, then eventually trailing much larger ones over her stomach.

"That was... amazing doesn't do it justice!" Clara murmured, her eyes still closed.

"Ditto!" Jeff whispered. "Even I didn't think it would be like that... He padded 
another kiss on the top of her shoulderblade.

"Mmm... I don't know how you..." Clara responded, stopping dead as it all became 
clear to her. "Pneumatic orgasm machine?" she chuckled in a much louder tone.

"I had it custom made. Didn't think it needed a title that was geared for marketing," 
Jeff said with a smile.

"Well, I certainly can't criticise it on performance," Clara complemented, putting a 
great deal of effort into maintaining a serious tone and a strait face. The pair layed 
there quietly for a few seconds before Jeff broke the forced silence.

"It really is lame, isn't it?" he said, jovially. They both burst out laughing.

