As soon as I laid eyes on him everything bad that Sookie had told me about, Eric Northman, went in one ear and out the other. I've never been the type of girl to go for blondes, but I now understood perfectly why so many woman were willing to spread their legs for him. Not that I'd ever become one of those girls. I'd rather die a brutal death before I even thought about spreading my legs like some skank for him. No matter how hot and dreamy he is.

Apparently sensing my gaze, Eric's eyes in synced their selves with mine. I swallowed hard and broke the stare instantly, turning my head away. Sookie looked at Eric and then to me. She shook her head and sighed.

"Selena, don't let yourself fall into his good looks trap," she said to me as we sat down at a nearby empty table.

I frowned, "Don't worry, Sookie! I won't! Just because he's like really hot doesn't mean anything. Besides he's not even my type. I don't usually go for blondes.

"Sookie sighed a sigh of relief. "Oh thank god! I just don't want to see you get hurt again. Like you did with you know…"

I stopped her before she could say his name, "Don't! He's in my past and I'd like to keep it that way, please."

"Oh, right! I'm so sorry," she apologized."No worries."

"Sookie, you're here!" a guy smiled walking up to us. Judging by his appearance I assumed that he must be Sookie's vampire boyfriend, Bill.

"Of course, I'm here! You called and said you needed help with Jessica, so I came," she replied with a smile of her own.

I chuckled and rolled my eyes as I watched the two of them back and forth for a few short moments. They acted so much like lovebirds. But, then again isn't that what they were, anyways?Seeing as if they were all about each other to the point where I just wanted to claw my own eyes out watching them, I took it as my chance to get a drink from the bar. God knew I'd need one to survive the rest of the night. Leaving the table unnoticed I made my way over to the bar. "What can I get you?" the bartended asked me.

Without hesitation I answered, "Vodka on the rocks."

The bartender raised an eyebrow, "Are you sure a girl such as yourself can handle such hard liquor?"

I rolled my eyes, unnoticed. Did he seriously just ask me that? I turned towards Sookie and Bill and then back to the bartender, "Oh, trust me…I can handle it. As a matter of fact, I'm going to need all the hard liquor I can get."

He nodded and began making my drink without another question. While I waited I allowed my eyes to scan the room even though I knew that they'd most likely land on Eric. That's exactly what they did, too. Once again he sensed my gaze and we were induced into yet another intense gaze. He wasn't alone this time. Pam was standing there at his side. I bit down on my bottom lip to the point where I could taste a small amount of my own blood. I couldn't believe it. I hadn't even been introduced to him yet and I was already drooling over him, figuratively speaking.

"Selena Kane! Snap the fuck out of it! You are not going to become one of those skanky notches on his fucking belt!" I hissed at myself.

"Here you are miss," the bartender said doing me a favor by snapping my out of my trance, I guess you could call it.

"Thank you!" I smiled, picking up the glass and returning to the table. Clearing my throat as loud as I could without being too terribly loud, I sat down with my drink in hand.

"Oh, I'm sorry!" Sookie said to me.

I brought my drink up to my mouth and took a few sips, "Not a problem!"

"Oh, where are my manners? Bill, this is my cousin, Selena Dobreva! Selena this is my boyfriend, Bill Compton! Bill, Selena! Selena, Bill! she introduced us cheerfully.

"Sookie never mentioned to me that she had a cousin," Bill said surprised.

"Well, actually, besides me she has four others, too," I informed him.

He shook his head, "I wasn't aware." Bill turned to Sookie.

Sookie shrugged and offered a smile, "Must of slipped my mind. Or it just never came up."

"Well, regardless, it's nice to meet you, Selena," Bill smiled, nicely.

"Like wise."

"Beautiful name, too! It seems to suite you well," he complimented.

I couldn't help, but blush. No one had really ever complimented me on my name before. "Thank you!" I smiled.

Sookie smiled at me, "Told you he was different from most vampires."

I agreed, "That you did."

"So, now that everyone knows each other…what's going on with Jessica that you needed help with?" Sookie asked curiously.

I listened to the way that she said Jessica's name and couldn't help, but conclude that Sookie must be really fond of Jessica. A mother figure, maybe? That'd be kind of weird, though. But, I guess it could work.

"Well, for starters she refuses to listen to a single word I say. I brought her here hoping that maybe Eric could get her straight, but that didn't work. So, now here we are. You're both women, maybe you can try and talk some sense into here? Or at least you could tell me what I'm doing wrong," Bill suggested. "Being a master is not my forte," he added.

"We can try," Sookie said.

"Fill us in and we'll see what we can do," I added.

"Where to start? She's extremely annoying, she's always talking back, and she refuses to abide by the curfew I set for her."

Sookie and I looked at each other and couldn't stop ourselves from laughing.

"What's so funny?" Bill asked, dumbfounded.

"She's acting like a normal teenager," Sookie told him.

"She may be a vampire, but she's still a teenager," I said.

"Well, as you have probably already noticed I have no idea how to deal with a teenager."

I looked at Sookie and then at Bill," Two words…Reverse Psychology."

He had a blank look on his face…clueless. I'm sure he knows what that Reverse Psychology means, right? Or at least he should. He is like a hundred and seventy something, after all.

Taking a sip of my hard liquor as the bartender called it, I continued, "Let's take the curfew issue for example…What time do you normally give her?"

"4:00," he answered simply, "But she normally returns at 5:00 instead."

"Then you need to tell her she can stay out until 5:00. Once you tell her what she wants to hear she'll do the opposite. It'll no longer be fun because she'll think that you're actually okay with her staying out later. Teenagers are always doing the opposite of what they're told. The love the thrill of possibly getting in trouble, but if they don't get in trouble then they continue to do it until they do," I explained, sipping my drink little by little.

Bill looked generally surprised that I was able to explain the situation without even skipping a beat. While, Sookie, on the other hand had a smile on her face. "And this is why she's my favorite cousin. You can always go to her for advice and get everything you need," Sookie lilted.

I smiled at that.

"You are one clever person, Selena," Bill complemented for the second time tnight.

"Thank you! I get that a lot."

"Speaking of Jessica…where is she?" Sookie wondered out loud.

Bill looked around and surveyed the bar, "She should be around here somewhere."

Suddenly appearing at the table from out of nowhere, was Pam. "Eric's requested that the three of you go over there," she told us.

I noticed out of the corner of my eye, that Sookie's expression was now an annoyed one. She really must hate him.

Reluctantly, Sookie and Bill both stood up.

Sookie turned to me for a brief second, "Remember what I told you in the car," she said to me.

Picking up my drink and finishing it in one burning gulp, I placed it back on the table and replied, "Trust me it's all lodged in my brain."

"Good," she smiled.

I stood up and the three of us followed Pam across the bar over to where Eric was sitting on his throne. We approached him and Pam took her place standing behind him to his right, our left. Eric eyed the three of us before setting his attention on Sookie for a minute or so.

"Sookie, it's a pleasure seeing you again," he smirked arrogantly.

She scoffed, "I'm sure it is."

He ignored her and instantly changed his attention to me. "I don't believe we've met before. I'm, Eric Northman, sheriff of area five and owner of this bar. And you are?" he asked.

"Selena Dobreva…Sookie's cousin," I responded, making a quick glance in Sookie's direction, receiving a nod from her, meaning that it was ok for me to share that information. Not that I needed permission from her, but I was being safe. Cause' for all I knew telling him that I was her cousin could be a disaster waiting to happen.

"Cousin?" he asked, his eyes narrowing. "I wasn't aware that Sookie had any other family aside from her brother." He turned his gaze to Bill. "Were you aware, Compton?"

Bill shook his head, "No, not until about five or so minutes ago, I was not."

Once again Eric turned his attention to me. Jeez! He changes his attention like girls change their outfits. "You surely smell delicious. You'd make an excellent pet. Don't you agree, Pam?"

Pam nodded and smirked, "In more ways then one."

I scoffed and rolled my eyes. "Did you just say I'd make an excellent pet?" I asked in disgust.

"Does that bother you?" he questioned, raising an eyebrow.

Something inside of me just snapped with a moments warning. "As a matter of fact, it does! I am nobody's 'pet' nor will I ever be. I would rather die the most brutal death then ever become a 'pet' as you so 'nicely' put it. I'll never be a vampire's pet! And you can count on that!" I hissed.

"Never say never," Eric smirked, apparently amused by my sudden outbreak.

"Oh, but it's so fun!" I exclaimed with a fake smile. "Never, never, never, never, never, never, never…"

That made him smirk even more. Jeez! Is everything a smirk with him?

"Feisty…It's beginning to turn me on," Eric said, fangs popping out, unexpectedly.

I opened my mouth to say something, but Sookie spoke instead. I sighed a sigh of relief glad that I didn't have to get even more involved than I already was before.

"You know we should really be going now. We have to be at work really early," Sookie said coming up next to me.

"You're right. We really should be going now," I agreed without hesitation.

"So, soon?" Eric asked.

I nodded, happily, "Like Sookie said, we've got work really early tomorrow morning.

"Alright, well, we'll be leaving now!" Sookie put on the fakest smile that she could manage, grabbing a slight hold of my upper arm.

"It really was a pleasure meeting you, Ms. Dobreva," Eric smirked his trademark smirk.

"The pleasure was all yours," I shot back as Sookie and I turned and walked away, without a single glance back in his direction.

The whole time I was walking out the club I could once again feel like Eric and Pam's eyes were giving my whole backside third degree burns. If only looks could kill, I'd have burned to death by now.

--------

It was around 3:30ish when Sookie and I arrived home. Bill had stayed at Fangtasia to deal with Jessica. Therefore, Sookie and I decided that we'd come home, get cleaned up, and then sit and catch up for a while before going to bed.

"I'm gonna go take a quick shower," I told her once we entered the house.

"So am I," she replied locking the front door, "It's been a long night."

"You can say that again.""Just curious…it's been bothering me the whole way here…" I started as we walked up the stairs. "Is Eric always like that?"

Sookie seemed surprised that I'd even bring his name up for any reason, but answered anyways. "Yeah, just about. Why?"

I sighed, "I don't know. I just can't get him out of my head."

Sookie's eyes widened, "Oh my god! Selena! No!" Sookie exclaimed in disbelief.

"It doesn't mean anything, Sookie," I assured her, "I refuse to be anything to him. I especially more than anything refuse to be just another fuck to him."

"That's good to hear. Cause' if you ever get involved with him for any reason I can assure you that it'll only end in death, pain, suffering, or heartbreak for you. And I, for one, refuse to ever see you go through that again," Sookie confessed.

I smiled, pulling her into a hug, "Your heart is in the right place."

Pulling away, she smiled, "So, is yours."

"I'll meet you in the living room in 20," I said before retreating to my bedroom.

Entering my bathroom, I went straight to the shower, turning it on to a temperature that I could cope with. Before I started getting undressed I was overcome by this weird sensation that someone was watching me. Seeing as if the only way someone could watch me was from the open curtained window, I cautiously walked over to it and looked outside.

I didn't see anything out of the ordinary, so, I closed the curtains and went back to undressing. When all of my clothes were off, I stepped into the shower and stood under the shower head. The water, soothingly, cascaded down my body, from my head to my toes. Allowing myself to give into the feel of the water, I closed my eyes. Just as fast as they closed they shot back open.

What the hell? I asked myself, "Not only can I not get him out of my head, but now, I see him every time I close my eyes?"

For goodness sake! I barely even know him. Though, mostly everything I do know about him already is a total turnoff to me. There's truly no need for Eric Northman to be clouding up my mind nor my vision. It's completely uncalled for. If that's the case, though, I can't help, but wonder…why is it happening?

Since I wasn't able to get Eric off my mind and I all of a sudden became uncomfortable in my own shower, I quickly got cleaned and got out. I even got dressed quickly. Way quicker than I ever remembered getting dressed in my whole life. All of a sudden I was overcome with the feeling of someone watching me for the second time tonight.

Once again, I walked over to the only source of explanation and looked out. Everything as it did earlier seemed perfectly fine. I closed the curtains and then walked out of the room, leaving the door wide open.

"Hey, Sookie!" I called out, walking down the stairs.

"Yeah?" she replied from the living room.

Entering the living room, I asked, "Have you by any chance gotten a weird feeling that someone's watching you, tonight?"

She shook her head and frowned a bit, "No, why?"

"Oh…no reason," I lied, taking a seat on the other end of the couch.

I just couldn't shake the feeling, To say the least it was kind of creepy. It sucks to not know why you're feeling a certain way. Maybe coming back to Bon Temps really wasn't such a good idea, after all.