The deserted parking lot

Kim's car came to a defiant standstill on a large empty parking lot behind the now closed road stop restaurant.  Kim felt lucky she was able to get the car off the road in time as she saw smoke billowing from under the hood.  She had no idea where she was and was worried about how she would get home. This evening had not turned out as she had hoped. She had unknowingly taken a wrong turn and gotten hopelessly lost in an attempt to follow her friend's directions to the bar they were all to meet at.   Kim scanned her surroundings looking for a telephone, which she saw safely locked inside the restaurant.  With an overheated car, no telephone and, as far as she could see, no other people in the secluded, tree sheltered parking lot, Kim resigned herself to the fact she would probably have to spend the night there.  She was certain she could call for help in the morning if she stayed there.  Since Kim had been planning to go out to the bar, she was scantily clad,  wearing a thigh high black skirt and  a very low cut blouse made of black stretch fabric.   Kim liked this combination as she always received a lot of attention when she wore this.  Now she was sorry she hadn't brought warmer clothing with her, although she thought to herself that the trees would provide her and the car some shelter from the cold wind. 

Suddenly Kim noticed a light come on at the far end of the lot, and she realized she wasn't alone, there was a car parked there, partially obscured by bushes.  Kim couldn't decide whether to be happy or be worried, but eventually she decided that it couldn't hurt to go ask for help.  

Kim got out of her car and walked to the other side of the lot.  As she got closer to the bushes she saw that there were more cars parked here, and wondered if maybe they didn't belong to the restaurant staff.  She reached the first car and saw that a man was sitting alone in the car.  As Kim walked around to the driver's side of the car, the man got out and smiled at her.  "What brings such a lovely lady to a place like this?" the man asked Kim. 

"My car broke down and I really don't know where I am, I don't suppose you can help me?" Kim replied blushing.  

The man realized that Kim was desperate and would likely do anything to get out of her predicament.  He moved closer to her and caressed her hair.  He felt Kim shudder, and saw the fear in her eyes, which turned him on incredibly.   But there was also something else in her eyes.  "I will help you if you do something for me," the man said, terribly aware of his stiffening cock.  
 
"What?"

Without another word the man undid his belt and lowered his pants.  He guided Kim's hand to his cock.  Kim didn't know at first what to do, she feared what would happen if she refused to go along, but also found herself suddenly becoming extremely wet.  She was ashamed of her arousal, but her shame was starting to give in to her excitement.  The man began caressing Kim's breasts and through her shirt he could feel her already sizeable nipples grow harder.  "I knew you wouldn't mind helping me...."he said.  As he said this he removed her top and then proceeded to unzip her skirt.  Kim still had her hand on his cock and was using her thumb to spread the slippery pre-cum that had emerged from it's tip.  She then licked her thumb off.  Kim saw that this turned the man on and, wanting to please the man she repeated the action, hoping that this would guarantee her safe return home.  

Kim was completely naked now and the man's fingers were rubbing Kim's clit  - he was teasing her by sliding his now very slippery finger back and forth over her clit and then penetrating her with only the very tip of his finger.  Kim's head was spinning.  Suddenly she was shocked by the sensation of 2 more sets of hands on her as the man continued to tease her. She looked around and saw that she had quite the audience.  There were about 8 other men watching her and  3 of them were crowding in so they could caress the couple.  One man was massaging her butt cheeks and the other 2 had her tits .  Kim noticed that the men had a rope with them and she realized she was in trouble.  She tried to run but the men were quick and her hands were forced behind her back and secured with rope.   The men managed to tie the rope to a branch of a nearby tree so Kim had no chance of escape and she also was completely exposed and vulnerable.  Next she was blindfolded.  Kim could not protect herself from the men.  The men took turns penetrating her;  both her cunt and her ass served as deposit boxes for their cum.  Sometimes the men even took her two at a time.  And all the while she could feel someone caressing and tugging at her nipples.    Every touch and penetration was a shock to her since she couldn't see what was happening around her.  There wasn't a part of her that remained untouched.  Kim had never imagined that she would be in a situation like this one, and was amazed at how turned on she had gotten from the whole ordeal.  Suddenly Kim felt her own cum, mixed with that of the men further moisten her thighs, as her muscles clamped down hard around the cock that was inside her cunt. Kim couldn't help but scream out in pleasure, which resulted in her being gagged.  The cock  was removed and then she was suddenly aware of a tongue gliding along the inside of her thighs.  She smelled a very familiar scent.  It was the same perfume her best friend Brandy wore.  Kim became turned on all over again just imagining who the tongue lapping at her clit might belong to.  She found herself hoping it belonged to Brandy, as she had always secretly admired her friend. 

The men untied the tree end of the rope and loaded Kim into a car.  The car started and Kim's journey began.  Once arrived at what seemed to be the destination, Kim was carried into the house and her blindfold removed by the woman wearing Brandy's perfume.  Kim woke up from her dream before she could see who the mystery woman was.  

Kim tried to fall back asleep so she could finish her dream, but to no avail.  She noted that her pussy was terribly wet.

