Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Eighty-Third: The King of Lust
Summary: Kurtis enjoys his kingdom as his son sets out on his own journey. The conclusion to The Son of Lust saga!
Keywords: Mf MFf MfH FFF inc oral creampie facial anal 1st toys exhib voy public D/s fantasy magic
Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Antagony  Drakin Castle

I studied my daughter. An amazon with me. She had a pale but lean body with no fat on her. She had strong legs and curvy hips. Her breasts were big like mine and pierced with heavy, gold rings. She was fourteen and ready to serve. Her thick bush dripped with juices. She stood proud, holding her gold collar in hand.

Are you ready to be owned by your father, Warrior? I asked. Are you ready to fight to protect him and kneel to love him? Will you serve him with your heart, your will, and your body? To give yourself utterly to his safety and pleasure?

Yes, Mother, she said, her breasts quivering.

I tugged on her nipple ring and stared into her blue eyes. She had her father's vivid eyes. Kurtis was also my brother. We were both children of Las. I quivered in delight, so glad that he had me. I had gone without him out on his missions to the world. He had so many different types of women to fuck and breed.

Elves. Gnomes. Dwarves. Unicorns. Arachne. Dryads. Even a valkyrie. That had been a dangerous time cuckolding an einherjar and getting out alive. That was why he had his defenders. His guards. I was so thrilled to have helped him breed so many women.

He always came home. Sometimes with the mothers. Sometimes not. His dwarven mistress had brought all seven of her husbands. They were just glad that when their wife wasn't fucking Kurtis, she had all the monstrous menagerie that Lady Lasla had gathered over the years.

A zoo of monsters for depraved women to enjoy. 

A small group of elves, all raising Kurtis's daughters, had set up a village in the Haunted Woods and even had a gnome alchemist who was glad to have his daughter. Ufexis was a crazy mad-gnome who always had a new potion or concoction she wanted someone to try.

It was a fabulous place.

I led my daughter through Drakin Castle to where Kurtis awaited. We passed faeries going about their duties, three of them round with Kurtis's children. Whole generations of his sons and daughters were growing up. 

It was a rare pregnancy that wasn't caused by his cock. He had an appetite, and there were hundreds of women all eager to bare his seed. Pilgrims even started journeying, tales spread by the crew of the Treasure Box.

Husbands brought their wives to be blessed by the Son of Lust. Sons their mothers. Fathers their daughters. Brothers their sisters. Mothers their daughters, too. That would result in them both going home bred and happy.

But tonight was Agrappi's night. She would shine. I just knew it. She would be a good little slave. An amazon warrior who would do me proud. I led her by the nipple ring, tugging on her. I loved how she gasped and whimpered.

We reached the royal apartments. Nephi and her daughter were standing guard in their sphinx forms, Kaphina trying to look as regal as her mother. The girl had only recently started serving her father this way. Her belly was swelling with her own sphinx. Nephi's other two daughters would join the royal guard when they were old enough.

He's waiting for you, purred Nephi. He's very eager to have his amazon slave-daughter pleasure him.

I'm ready to serve, Agrappi said, her voice clear.

Kaphina smiled for a moment before she remembered to be solemn.

I pushed open the doors and passed through the sitting room. It was richly appointed. Shessa was lounging on one of the sedans snuggled up with her daughter, the pair purring in their dreams. Pyrriah was playing a game of chest with her dragon-mother. They both smiled as we passed. The fairy queen was enjoying the pleasure of Princess Lavhi's mouth, the rakshasa licking away, her belly swollen with her next baby.

She was kept bred and happy by Kurtis.

Queen Tinia nodded to the doors, smiling. 

I bowed to her and headed into the bedchamber. A large, canopy bed occupied the center. It was big enough that Kurtis could sleep with a dozen women. His mother, sisters, fairy queen, and whatever lucky members of his harem he invited. Daughters. Concubines. Sex slaves. Today, it was just the three of us.

I present my daughter to you to serve you, my Lord, as I vowed to do when she was conceived. I bowed low to him. I hope she meets with your approval.

He smiled. She is gorgeous. Come closer, daughter.

Lord Father, Agrappi purred as she stepped forward, her black hair falling down her back. She knelt before him and held up the collar. I am ready to take up my service to you as your blade and your whore, Lord Father.

Are you? Kurtis said, his cock thrusting out hard before him. He took the collar from her. Rise, Agrappi.

She rose and held back her hair so he could collar her. It was made by Lasla's power. It was magical, summoned from the ethereal lust that flowed through the world. He closed it about her neck. she shuddered, bound to him as his sex slave.

You chose the easy path, unlike your stubborn mother, he said. 

She made sure to raise me to be a slut in your service, Lord Father, she moaned. Take me. Use me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

On your knees and face your mother, I ordered. Let her see your face as I deflower and use you.

Yes, Lord Father, Agrappi moaned. She dropped to her knees and spun around to face Antagony. 

The amazon smiled at her daughter's submission. My cock was so hard for this. I had waited for this day since Antagony made her promise. I was so glad to enjoy it. Deflowering my daughters was a task I relished in. I was so glad that they were coming of age. I could breed my own grandchildren. 

I dropped to my knees behind my daughter-slave and pressed my dick into her thick, black bush. The amazon groaned, her body quivering in virginal delight. I felt her passion for me swelling in her. She burned for me like all my daughters did.

I smiled and thrust against her hymen. I loved the feel of her cunt stretching and stretching before my cock. She moaned as her hymen stretched before my dick. I loved the way she moaned as her cherry popped. 

My amazon slave-daughter threw a look over her shoulder and gasped, I am yours, Lord Father! Your daughter! Your blade! Your slut! Use me how you wish!

I plan on it, I groaned as I sank to the hilt in her silky pussy.

Virgin pussy was always the best. So tight and succulent. Ripened fruit plucked for the first time. Her peachy twat squeezed around me. I gripped her hips and knew she wanted to be fucked hard and fast. She didn't want tender love-making.

She was a whore like her mother. A sex slave who wanted to be used.

I drew back my cock, her pussy clenching down on me. She moaned as her other watched. Antagony trembled there, her eyes brimming lust and pride. She smiled at her daughter taking my dick as I buried back to the hilt in Agrappi's pussy. 

I fucked my slave-daughter hard and fast. Her firm butt-cheeks rippled from the impact of my cock. It was so good to hammer her hard. I buried into her with all that I had. I plowed deep and hard into her snatch.

She whimpered, squeezing her cunt down on my cock. She held me tight with her hot twat. I loved how she massaged me. It was a beautiful moment I fucked her hard, reveling in every thrust into her hot snatch. She felt wondrous about me.

Lord Father! she moaned, clenching her cunt down on my cock.

Please our Lord, Antagony whimpered, her lusts burning through her. She wanted to masturbate, her black bush dripping with her lust.

She wouldn't.

She was a warrior. The amazon had discipline.

Antagony watched me with hot eyes as I pounded her daughter's cunt. I fucked to the hilt in her cunt again and again. I plowed into her with all that I had. I loved slamming into her snatch. She squeezed her twat down around me.

She held me tight with all that she had. I loved it so much. I fucked her with force, my daughter-slave gasping and moaning. Her deflowered pussy quivered around my cock as she drank in the delight. She loved our incestuous rutting.

Lord Father! she gasped. Is my pussy satisfying?

Yes, it is, I growled. Gods damn, you have an amazing cunt, Agrappi!

Thank you, Lord Father! she moaned, the joy sweeping through her along with the building pleasure.

Antagony almost smiled. The corners of her lips turned up.

I fucked our daughter hard and fast. I drilled into her cunt with force. I loved the way her cunt squeezed down on me. It was just an incredible rush to have her fucking me. I plowed deep and hard into her twat. It was just a wonderful thrill to pound her with all that I had.

Her silky twat brought me closer and closer to cumming. I hurtled toward that moment of climax. I would have a huge burst to cum. Just flood her twat with all that I had. She squeezed her cunt down on me. She held me tight with that hot snatch.

Damn, that's it, Agrappi! I growled.

Lord Father! she cried. Lord Daddy! I'm yours! Always!

I fucked her with force. I pounded her with all the passion that I had. She groaned, her hips wiggling from side to side. She massaged me with her silky twat. I fucked her with force. I thrust into her with all that I had. I reveled in every second of her pussy squeezing around me.

She gripped me with that hot twat. It was a perfect delight. I enjoyed every second of fucking her cunt. I rose toward my climax, and so did she. She whimpered, her pussy gripping me. She wanted me to cum first, of course.

She was a good sex slave.

I churned up her pussy until she was on the verge of climax. I buried to the hilt in her twat and erupted. My cum flooded my daughter-slave's pussy. She gasped as she felt my jizz flooding her twat and her womb.

I bred her.

Lord Daddy! she howled as her pussy went wild around my dick.

Agrappi's cunt spasmed around me. The amazon's hot snatch suckled at me. I groaned, savoring that wonderful delight rippling through me. Stars flashed across my vision as I dumped blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. I filled her to the brim with my spunk. It was an incredible moment. 

I loved every last second of duping my cum into her twat. I filled her up with all my spunk. It was a magical moment. I groaned with each blast of spunk. A wave of heat washed through me as her twat suckled at my dick.

Damn, I groaned as her pussy suckled me dry. Oh, Antagony, you have raised such a glorious daughter. You deserve a reward!

Thank you, my Lord, the amazon purred, her pussy burning hot. 

I spurted the last of the cum into my daughter-slave's pussy. I enjoyed that hot cunt rippling around me. She felt so good. She suckled at me with all that she had. I panted, a big smile spreading on my lips. I pulled out of my daughter's bred snatch. In a few generations, I would have an army of amazon daughter-slaves. 

My kingdom would grow strong.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Antagony

My reward was to feast on my daughter's sloppy cunt. I was so thrilled to receive this treat. I had raised her to be such a loving sex slave. I gripped her hips and nuzzled into her thick, black bush. Her tart cunt smelled so yummy.

But the salty cum in her was even more exciting.

I pressed my lips into her bush and found the folds of her sloppy cunt. I lapped at my daughter's snatch, reveling in the incestuous act. I was so glad to make love to the oldest of my daughters with Lord Kurtis.

Damn, Lord Kurtis said, his cock nuzzling into my butt-crack. He knew I needed more. He was such a wise and loving man. That is hot.

I moaned my agreement as I kept licking at our daughter's cunt. I gathered up the spunk leaking out of her as he found my asshole. My Lord thrust his dick against my aching sphincter. I whimpered into her twat as he popped past backdoor and slid into my bowels.

I moaned into Agrappi's pussy as he sank deeper and deeper into my asshole. He bottomed out in me. I groaned at the feel of him in me. It was just such a wicked sensation. I squeezed down on him. He growled as I did that. 

It was just so good. Just so amazing. I loved how he felt in me. I moaned into my daughter's snatch and licked out his salty cum mixed with her tart juices. She squirmed over me, her eyes staring down at me with such lust in them.

I winked at her as I thrust my tongue back into her cunt and swirled around.

Oh, Mother, she whimpered, her big boobs jiggling. Her nipple rings gleamed in the lamplight. Oh, yes, that's so good.

Lick her clean, slut, growled my Lord.

Yes, Lord Kurtis, I whimpered and thrust my tongue into my daughter's deflowered pussy.

She groaned as I wiggled around in her. It was so amazing to share this incestuous pleasure with her. I flicked about in her as Lord Kurtis gripped my hips and drew back his big dick. My bowels gripped him. Massaged him.

He grunted and growled as he hammered my asshole. He fucked my slutty bowels with such force. My pussy dripped with juices as he hammered me with such force. It was just such a rush to have him burying into me again and again.

He fucked me with passion. He slammed to the hilt in me as I tongued our daughter's pussy. I feasted on my little girl's snatch. I swirled around in her, stirring her up. She groaned as I did that. Her entire body quivered as my tongue plunged into her.

Mother! she gasped.

That's right, growled Lord Kurtis. You lick all that cum out of my daughter-slave's cunt!

Yes, Lord! I whimpered, my bowels melting around his cock.

I scooped out the cum that I found in her. I licked and lapped at her twat, enjoying the treat of feasting on her. She moaned, her body shuddering as I feasted on her as my orgasm swelled in me. My big boobs bounced and heaved as he slammed into me.

He buried into me with hard strokes. I loved every second of him thrusting into me. My bowels melted around his big dick. He fucked me with all that he had. I whimpered as the heat melted through me. This was just such a good thing.

So wondrous.

He pounded me with all that he had. I loved it so much. I savored the heat rushing through me. It swelled me toward my climax. I would have a huge one. Just a big burst of delight. I clamped down on him, swelling toward that wonderful climax.

Yes, yes, yes, growled Lord Kurtis.

I wiggled my tongue around in our daughter's pussy. I found more of his cum. I scooped it out of her. I plunged back in, searching for a trace of saltiness amid her tart delights. I found none, so flicked my tongue to her clit.

She couldn't grow it into her dick without Lord Kurtis's permission. But I could still suckle on our daughter's bud. She moaned as I did that. Her breasts quivered. Her nipple rings gleamed. They were so beautiful to watch.

May I cum, Lord Daddy! she moaned. I'd have to reminder her only to call him that in private. 

Yes! he growled, fucking to the hilt in my bowels. Drown your mother, Agrappi!

Thank you, Lord Daddy! she squealed.

Her tart juices gushed out and bathed my mouth. I licked and lapped at her, stroking through her folds as she shuddered. Her tits heaved. Lord Kurtis drove his cock into my asshole as I feasted on our daughter's anal sheath.

I loved how good she tasted.

Just how delicious she was. 

He slammed to the hilt in me and growled out, Gods damn!

His cum spurted into my asshole.

I could explode.

My orgasm burst in my pussy. My cunt writhed, ending pleasure flooding through my body, while my asshole spasmed around his dick. I shuddered, savoring my reward for raising an amazing daughter-slave. The first of many. 

I milked Lord Kurtis's spurting dick. He pumped all his jizz into my bowels. It was an incredible rush having him do that. I groaned, my face twisting in delight as he pumped blast after blast of his cum into my anal sheath. 

Antagony! he growled.

Lord Kurtis!

Mommy! squealed my little girl as she ground her furred muff on my lips.

He filled me up with his spunk. It was an incredible moment. My heart pounded in my chest. I whimpered as he spurted the last of his cum into my bowels. I milked out every drop of his jizz while purring into my daughter's snatch.

That's perfect, he said. You did well, Antagony. He slid his cock out of my asshole. You and your daughter are free to use your hermaphrodite-cocks on any sluts you want until morning. Then I want her in armor ready to serve as a guard.

Yes, Lord Kurtis, I breathed, smiling up at my daughter. I knew who we would be fucking with our hermaphrodite-cocks.

Each other. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I was gazing out at my domain with Lasla and Pyrriah pressed against me, their bodies naked. The sun was setting. It was a few days after Agrappi gave herself to me. She was proving a strong warrior and a wanton slut. Several of the dragons flew through the sky. My daughters with Pyrriah and Mother. They were beautiful creatures.

Lord Father, Agrappi reported. There are two nagas at the gates of the castle. One says she's Zianamilizzi, Istandar of Kyizziania. She's with her daughter, Zaazzinia. Your daughter, Lord Father.
I smiled at that. I glanced at my sisters. Shall we say hello to an old friend.

The nagas are not my favorite, muttered Lasla.

Zianamilizzi was always our ally, Pyrriah said. And she has our niece. We have to dote on her.

Lasla grinned from ear to ear. Yes, we do. 

We headed through the castle to the throne room. Queen Tinia was already sitting on her throne bedecked in jewelry. She had hers beside mine with Lasla's and Pyrriah's on a slightly lower level. It was a fiction since this was Queen Tinia's kingdom.

She knew her place as my third wife beneath my sisters.

I sat, my cock thrusting up hard. The court was full of fairies. Several of the elves were here, two of their bellies round and swollen. My dwarven mistress was lounging while having her pussy eaten out by Stalker. She was pregnant with another of my children. 

I hoped my dwarven sons had more lust than the average dwarven male. They were almost sexless.
The doors opened and Zianamilizzi slithered in, her purple hair framing her face, her tail sliding behind her of the same hue. She wasn't wearing all her jewelry. A nervous and younger naga with smaller breasts and blue scales and hair slithered beside her. She had my eyes. I knew my daughters all on sight.

Lord Kurtissss, hissed Zianamilizzi when she reached me. She bowels low and kissed the tip of my fleshy scepter. May I pressssent our daughter, Zaazzinia.

Noble Father, purred my daughter, her eyes alight with delight. She bowed low and kissed the tip of my cock. I shuddered at the feel of her hot mouth smooching the tip of my cock. Pleasure shot down my shaft from that delicious kiss. I am honored to meet you. Mother hassss told me sssso much about you.

About how hard he makes her cum? Lasla asked.

Yes, Auntie Lasssla, Zaazzinia purred. 

Aziiliiniria is now Empresssss, your daughter with our previoussss empressss. She has killed her mother and moved against me fearing your other daughter, Zaazzinia, would challenge her, Zianamilizzi said. I have fled with our child and what remains of my power to your land. I beg for sssancturay.

Granted, I said. Nagas really was despicable, but I could raise Zaazzinia and her sisters and daughters right. Have nagas who, like my rakshasa daughters, would be raised to not be murderous monsters. It was a pity my other daughter followed that terrible hag's example.

I wasn't surprised. My daughter with Queen Athirmi, Anaryili, had done the same thing. She ruled the Queendom of Naith from the Ziggurat. I smiled down at my daughter. She was a gorgeous thing. Her lips had felt wondrous on my cock.

Love my cock with your mother, my daughter, I told her. I will take care of you. You shall bear me more daughters and live in comfort here as one of the princesses of my kingdom.

Thank you, Noble Father, she purred and glanced at her purple-haired mother.

We are very fortunate to share hissss cock, hissed Zianamilizzi. I missed you greatly, Lord Kurtissss. I am not ssssadened to have to flee my power if it meansss reuniting with you. It wassss ever a great regret that I did not depart with you on your grand quest.

She and her daughter nuzzled down to the base of my cock. They had forked tongues so they couldn't lick their way up, but they could smooch their way up my cock. I groaned as they did that. I enjoyed what they did to me. It was a delight to have them reach the pinnacle.

They both nibbled on the crown of my cock. I groaned as they did that. It was such a nice sensation to feel. I shuddered as their lips were cool. They were coldblooded, of course. It was a treat to have them breeding me.

The court watched on. More than a few were enjoying passion. One of the pregnant elves was being fucked by an elf in heat, ramming into her from behind. Kazziga, my dwarven mistress, now was on her hands and knees being pounded by Stalker, the panthopus growled his enjoyment. Several male fairies were thrusting into female fairies, all of whom were pregnant with my children so were safe to be fucked by their husbands and lovers.

Now ssswallow hisss cock, my little viper, cooed Zianamilizzi.

Zaazzinia did as instructed, her lips sliding cool over the crown of my cock. I groaned as I enjoyed what she did to me. It was a thrill to have her suckling on me like that. I groaned, enjoying her wet mouth working up and down me. 

She suckled on me, her blue eyes staring up at me with such passion. I stroked my fingers through her azure hair. Her tail swished on the stones as she enjoyed what she was doing. I was so glad to have her sucking on me.

Share, you greedy viper, cooed her mother.

Zaazzinia's lips up my cock. She popped off and purred, Yessss, Mother.

Zianamilizzi engulfed my cock with her delicious mouth. She suckled with skill, her violet eyes gleaming with her slut. She suckled on me with passion. My dick throbbed in her mouth. My nuts twitched. I knew I would be blowing my load on her.

Mmm, that's so delicious, purred Lasla. My, my, isn't she just an eager one?

Yes, she is, dear sister, cooed Queen Tinia. My, my, what a naughty naga.

Yes, she is, I groaned. Now share with your daughter. Don't be a greedy viper.

Zianamilizzi slid her lips off my cock and purred, Assss you wisssh, Lord Kurtissss.

My naga-daughter swallowed my cock. She nursed on me with that cool mouth. It was so delicious having her suckling on me with all that she had. My nuts twitched as I rose toward my orgasm. I would cum on their faces.

Zaazzinia popped her mouth off my dick and passed me off to her mother. Zianamilizzi devoured my cock with passion. I groaned as she suckled on me with more skill than her daughter. I loved it. I slid my finger through both their tresses.

Mmm, jizz all over their faces, brother, Pyrriah cooed, her hermaphrodite-dick thrusting out hard. I knew what she wanted to do while I took my naga-daughter's cherry.

I plan on it!

Nobel father! Zaazzinia cooed.

She swallowed my cock as her mother stared up at me with such heat in her eyes. I grinned at them. They traded me back and forth in such a wicked way. My nuts twitched as they loved me. I would spurt my cum onto their faces.

The pressure rose and rose. They shared me. Mother then daughter then back to mother. The two nagas' tails rubbed together. The scaly rasp mixed with the sloppy sounds of their blowjob. I groaned, rising toward the bursting point.


Stop sucking, niece, Lasla said. He's ready to blow.
Zaazzinia popped her mouth off my cock and gasped, Cum on our facessss, Noble Father!

Yesssss! her mother hissed, her hand flying up and down my cock.

Las's big dick! I growled and erupted.

The court applauded as I jizzed on my nagas faces. I drenched mother and daughter in my cum. They both opened their mouths to catch my seed. I enjoyed bathing them in my spunk. The pleasure slammed through me.

I growled out in delight as I drenched them. I coated them in my cum. It was a delicious moment. I soaked them in my jizz. Pleasure slammed through me as I erupted again and again. I groaned through the ecstasy, a big smile spreading on my face.

I felt so damned good.

Just so amazing at having drenched their faces.

I sucked in a deep breath as Pyrriah rose as did Queen Tinia. A golden dildo appeared around her waist, Lasla's doing. My black-haired sister spread her legs apart, the golden necklaces draped over her breast jiggling.

Mmm, Zianamilizzi, I have missed your tongue wiggling about in my pussy, cooed Lasla. Come and eat me out while the fairy-queen fucks you in the ass with her strap-on.

Of courssse, Lady Lasla, hissed Zianamilizzi. She slithered over to her throne, cum dripping from her face. Lasla cupped her cheeks and kissed the naga, savoring my jizz.

I looked down at my naga-daughter and smiled at her. I want you to plunge your pussy down my cock while your Auntie Pyrriah fucks you in the ass with her hermaphrodite-dick.

Yes, Noble Father, Zaazzinia cooed with such heat in her voice.

She rose on her tail, her lower half that of a serpent. Her pussy lay in a slit in her blue scales, her cream dripping down her tail. I loved the sight as she grabbed my cock and brought me to her pussy. Her round boobs jiggled. She pressed me into her slit.

Right against her hymen.

Noble Father, she whimpered and pressed her maidenhead against my cock. Her face contorted, jizz dripping from her. She gasped as her cherry popped. Her pussy sank down my cock. She swallowed my dick with her hot folds. Oh, Noble Father, thisssss issss wonderful.

Yes, it is, purred Pyrriah. My dragon-sister moved in behind the naga as that hot and silky pussy swallowed all of my cock. 

I sat on my throne, savoring that hot cunt wrapped around me. It was just a beautiful moment. I loved it as that delicious cunt squeezed about me. She slid back up me. The pleasure washed through me. My eyes rolled back into my head as I enjoyed it greatly. 

Pyrriah hugged Zaazzinia from behind and squeezed her round tits. My sister drilled her hermaphrodite-cock into my naga-daughter's asshole. Zaazzinia's cunt squeezed down on my dick as she hissed in delight. She turned her head and kissed my sister over her shoulder, the pair of them sharing in my salty cum.

Pyrriah moaned and rammed her cock into my naga-daughter's asshole. I felt the pleasure rippling through Zaazzinia. And through Pyrriah. They both enjoyed what was happening to them. I was so glad for them as we shared this.

Oh, that's it, Lasla gasped. Zianamilizzi, that's it! That's so good!

Enjoy! my fairy-wife purred. Her butterfly wings fluttered as she thrust her dildo against Zianamilizzi's asshole. 

I savored the sight as I enjoyed our daughter sliding her pussy up my cock. Zaazzinia hissed in delight. Her face twisted in passion, my spunk dripping from it. Pyrriah fucked the naga's asshole at the same time, ramming her girl-dick into Zaazzinia's backdoor.

I savored that juicy cunt working up and down me. It was a delight to have her massaging me like that. The pleasure built in my nuts as she hissed. Pyrriah groaned, fucking my naga-daughter hard with that big hermaphrodite-dick.

Oh, she's got such a tight ass, Kurtis, my twin cooed. How's her pussy?

Delicious, I groaned.

Zaazzinia smiled from ear to ear at that. She worked her hot cunt up and down my cock. It was just a delight to have her suckling at me. I loved it so much. I savored the massage of her cool twat, her pussy heating up as she fucked me.

Her boobs bounced in her aunt's hands. Pyrriah fucked her niece hard in the ass. I loved how that drove Zaazzinia's silky snatch down my cock. My nuts tightened from that wonderful massage. I would have a huge cum.

I was so ready to flood her pussy with all my jizz. I wanted her cunt writhing around my dick. It was a glorious moment. She hissed out her delight, her boobs gripped in my twin's hands. She thrust away, fucking deep and hard into Zaazzinia's asshole.

Your cock, Auntie Pyrriah, moaned my naga-daughter. Your deliciousssss cock!

Mmm, that delicious ass, groaned my hermaphrodite-sister. She's squeezing down on me. Ooh, Kurtis, you have the sexiest daughters.

Your first one is almost old enough to fuck! I groaned. Not one she had with me, but one she impregnated in other women like our step-mother and sylph sisters.

Yes! she gasped, thrusting in and out of my naga-daughter's asshole. Oh, Zaazzinia, I am going to flood you with cum!

Please, please, Auntie Pyrriah. She smiled at me, my sister licking cum off her cheek. And you, Noble Father, flood me with your spunk and fill my womb with your daughter.

Yes, yes, yes, Lasla gasped, smiling at us. Oh, do it, Kurtis. Breed your daughter while I down her mother in pussy cream!

Such yummy pussssy, hissed Zianamilizzi into my sister's snatch.

My fairy-queen smiled at me as she fucked away into the naga's asshole with the strap-on. Tinia's wings fluttered as she fucked away, her big tits bouncing and heaving. I loved the sight as I enjoyed my daughter's sweet and cool pussy working up and down my cock.

Zaazzinia's orgasm built in her. She tossed her head, her blue hair dancing around her face as she plunged her cunt down her cock. I savored the feel of her pussy squeezing down around me. I loved it. I loved it so much. That was an incredible rush.

She trembled, her pussy massaging me with all that she had. It was a delight. A wondrous sensation. I groaned with each second of her silky cunt plunging down my cock. My sister's hermaphrodite-dick slammed hard into the naga's asshole.

Pyrriah licked up more cum from Zaazzinia's cheek as she rammed her clit-dick hard into the girl's asshole. Her pussy plunged down my cock. She gasped and arched her back. Her tail slapped down on the stone as he burst in delight.

Noble Father! she squealed. Dear Auntie!

I groaned at the silky massage of my daughter's cunt writhing around my cock. She nursed on me with that hot flesh. I groaned, savoring that wonderful snatch suckling at me. I rose toward my bursting point and erupted.

I pumped my cum into her cunt as Pyrriah buried into her asshole and erupted.

My twin and I flooded Zaazzinia's holes with our cum. My daughter hissed in delight, her tongue flicking out. Her boobs jiggled in Pyrriah's cunt as I filled her womb with my seed, breeding her. Pyrriah's hermaphrodite-spunk spurted into the naga's asshole.

Matar's big dick! moaned Pyrriah.

Las's big cock! I grunted.

Father'ssss huge rod! hissed my delicious naga-daughter.

I filled her up with all my jizz. The heat shot from my cock and slammed into my mind. She rippled around me, her breasts jiggling. She hissed out her passion. It was such a delicious moment to have all that pleasure slamming through me. 

Damn, I groaned, erupting into her cunt again and again. Oh, damn, that's so good!

Yesssss, she whimpered, her pussy spasming around my cock. Father'ssss ssseed! Breed me, Father!

He is! Lasla gasped. You naga-slut! Yes!

My other sister squealed out her orgasm. Zianamilizzi hissed her own delight, cumming from being ass-fucked by my fairy-queen. Tinia thrust to the hilt in the naga's asshole and joined the pair, sparkling glitter spilling from her flapping butterfly wings.

The pleasure slammed through me as I dumped more and more of my cum into my daughter's pussy. She milked me as she turned her head and kissed her aunt over her shoulder again. Pyrriah moaned as their lips danced together.

My mother moved up, watching. She rubbed at her belly. She was pregnant with Pyrriah's dragon-daughter. We were alternating breeding out mother. We had a species to repopulate. She smiled and leaned over me.

Her lips kissed mine.

I groaned, savoring the feel of my mother's mouth on mine as I filled my naga-daughter's cunt up with all my cum. It was just a glorious moment. I was so glad that they had arrived. Nagas, centaurs, werewolves, arachne, elves, gnomes, dwarves, humans, halflings, avians, rakshasa, lizardfolk, slphys, nixies, demons, faerie, moon maidens, orcs, and more. They were all welcomed here.

I was so glad to be the king of my kingdom. 

And my son with Lasla was about to come of age with his twin sister and his dragon-sister. The three of them were close. I had two daughters that I wasn't deflowering. They were for Konor to enjoy. I knew I would be proud of him.

Father, hissed my daughter, can Mother drink your seed out of my pussy?

Of course, she can, I said, smiling. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

Mmm, that's my big boy, I purred as I mounted my son, Konor. Before you go off on your adventure, you have to breed your mommy. Plus, how are you going to know how to pleasure your sisters if you don't learn from me.

Yes, Mommy, Konor said.

He was as handsome as Kurtis was as a young man. Strong and handsome with that same boyish grin. My brother-husband was older. It was in his eyes. He had responsibilities. So did I. I loved him immensely, but Konor was my son.

It was only fair that I have his baby. Kurtis understood. I wasn't Pyrriah. I was Las's daughter. I had to enjoy as many men as I could, and Konor had his father's big dick. I pressed it into my pussy and shuddered at how thick he was.

I sank down his cock and moaned in delight.

Mommy, he groaned.

Mmm, that's right, I purred, soaring his wonderful cock in me. That's what pussy feels like. Amazing, right?

Yes, he groaned, his hand sliding up to cup my breasts.

You're going to experience so much pussy out there in the world. I winked at him. But don't neglect your sisters. They love you.

I love them, Mommy.

Good boy.

I leaned down and kissed him, rubbing my boobs into his strong chest. My cunt clenched down on him as I undulated my hips. I stirred my pussy around him. He kissed me with passion. I moaned and broke the kiss, rising, my boobs bouncing before me.

I rode my son, working my cunt up and down his cock. He groaned as I massaged him with my hot cunt. The pressure rose in his nuts swelled and swelled. This was his first time.  I didn't expect him to last so long. 

I ground my clit into his pubic mound as I plunge down him. He groaned, squeezing my tits as I went back up him. I reveled in the incestuous rush of riding my son's dick. He was back home in my pussy. It felt so right to have him here.

Oh, Mommy loves you, I whimpered.

I can tell, he groaned. Las's big dick!

Mmm, yours is as big. I winked at him. You have your father's dick. Oh, yes, the women of the world will love you!

He grinned as I worked my cunt up and down him. I meant it. Oh, he was good. With training, he would match his father. I wiggled my hips from side to side, stirring my twat around him. He groaned, his hands kneading my tits.

I loved his strong hands on me. He didn't know to pinch my nipples, but he would learn how to read women's passions. To control their pleasures. I swelled my own bliss, matching the growing ache in his balls.

The pressure swelled at the tip of my cock.

That's it, I purred.

Yes! he gasped. That's amazing!

I savored bringing my son to his climax. I wanted him to enjoy his first time dumping his cum into my pussy. He would be such a good lover for Lasalita and Opheria. My daughter and Pyrriah's would be in such capable hands.

I slid my cunt up and down him faster and faster. I hurtled toward my climax. My pussy held him tight as he moaned out his delight. He shuddered as I plunged down him. I took his dick to the hilt, reveling in that hot cunt. His balls swelled. He was about to burst. 

Perfect.

Mommy! he gasped. I'm going to cum!

Yes, I moaned and plunge down his dick. I climaxed.

His fertile seed flooded my pussy.

I didn't resist it like I would any other man but Kurtis's seed. I groaned as my son pumped more and more of his cum into me. He bred me with all his passion. I shuddered on him, my breasts bouncing with delight.

It was so wonderful to have my son's cum flood me. It was such an intimate act. I quivered through the waves of ecstasy. Stars flashed across my vision. I trembled, feeling so wicked. I was such a naughty mommy.

I glanced over at my own mother watching from the shadows. The gorgeous sylph licked her lips. She would be licking me clean as we gave my son his education. He had to know how to handle more than one woman.

Mommy! he groaned, erupting the last of his cum into my pussy.

Mmm, Konor, I cooed. I'm going to suck your dick while your grandmother eats my pussy clean, then your real lessons being.

He grinned so eagerly. 

Yes, he was definitely mine and Kurtis's son. I loved him so much. I was delirious with joy to have him. Just so thrilled that this was my son. I slid off him as Mother moved in to devour me. She was such a naughty sylph. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Konor

Oh, you're going to have so much fun, Mother said, hugging me tight. She kissed me. She was just starting to show with our child. I was a grandson of Las, eager to see the world.

She broke the kiss and my step-mother hugged me. Oh, you'll do so good.

Thank you, Mother Pyrriah.

Grandmother ruffled my hair as Mother and my step-mother kissed their daughters, my sisters. Opheria was my dragon-sister and Lasalita my twin sister. They were my lovers. We were going out to see the world and have lots and lots of sex.

You'll do just fine, she said. Watch over your sisters.

I will, Grandma, I said, her breasts big and lush. She was a dragon, so she didn't look old at all. I had fucked her and my other grandmother.

She hugged me and kissed me. She was a delicious sylph pregnant with another child. It was Father's this time. Sometimes it was Grandmas or Mother Pyrriah who bred her. She broke the kiss and smiled at me. 

My other sisters hugged me. I had a lot of them. I made love to many of them, especially the pregnant ones. Fucking a pregnant woman was delicious. Then Father was there. He grinned at me. He looked like me but more mature.

Have fun, son, he said, thrusting out his hand. I never made it to those eastern lands, so you have a good time fucking your way through their women. Spread your seed wide.

I'll make you proud, Dad! he said as we shook hands.

He put his other hand on my shoulder.

My sisters hugged and kissed him. He had, of course, taken them to his bed. I was their first, though. Neither had conceived, they had held off for our adventure. I would make sure they were pregnant before coming back home, though.

Father would breed them if I didn't.

It's time, I said. Opheria.

She blurred into her purple dragon form, her wings spread wide. I climbed up and pulled Lasalita up into the saddle before me. I would be slipping my cock into her asshole as we flew. She giggled and leaned back, her black hair rubbing into my cheek.

Everyone waved. Our dragon-sisters took to the air with us along with our fairy brothers and sisters. Some of the avians winged about us as we flew higher and higher, the cheers fading. Opheria turned to the east to the great ocean we would be crossing.

To our own adventure.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I held my sisters to me as we watched our children dwindle and vanish into the blue sky.

They'll be fine, I said.

That's right, Lasla said. My son will fuck every woman he can.

My daughter, too, said Pyrriah.

I laughed and squeezed my sisters' asses. They were both pregnant, though for once Lasla didn't carry my child. But that was okay. Konor was my son, so Lasla was carrying my grandchild. That was just as exciting. 

I had a great life. I was the Son of Las, and I had carved out my kingdom. The Kingdom of Lust. It would grow strong. It would prosper, and I would keep it safe for all my children, grandchildren, and the generations to come. My legacy would be strong.

With my sisters at my side, my mother at my back, and my harem around me, I would have a great life. I kissed my sisters, so glad to have them and all my women. I understood why Las didn't have a lot of children.

We would overrun the world.

The END of the Son of Lust
