Author: mypenname3000
Title: In Another World with My Bimbo App Five: Enjoying the Bimbo Party
Summary: Mark enjoys his bimbo party!
Keywords: MF MFF Fsolo mc oral facial anal A2M ws titty toys exhib voy pubilc wife MILF cuck fantasy magic

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for helping out!

Mark Johnson

Dinner cooking on the fire smelled so good. Cally was doing the cooking, my bimbo-elf humming happily as she stirred the stew cooking in the pot held over the flames by a metal tripod. She was skilled at it, for an airhead. 

Erotha watched. My busty and young-looking enchanter was the newest member of my bimbo adventuring party. She used to look like a wizened granny, but the Bimbo App had made her eighteen and hot, with huge tits that I loved. She was sitting by the three goblin sex slaves I planned to sell in town.

It wasn't Erotha or Cally I turned to, but Anni. My bimbo-fighter. The first bitch I had transformed into a bimbo. All three of them had been cunts to me, but now they loved me and would do anything for me. They were just slutty airheads so eager to please me.

So, Anni, what would you like for your reward? I asked her. 

My reward? A look of confusion flashed over her cute face. Her red nose swayed around her face, her dainty nose twitching. she had doffed her bikini armor, her big boobs jiggling. Ooh, ooh, my rewardy reward for being all goody!

Yeah. I smiled at her. She was such a cutie. It was hard not to smile at her as she squirmed there. What do you want me to do to you? I can eat your pussy, fuck your pussy, fuck your ass, or anything else you might like.

She cupped her boobies and asked, Can I give you titty diddy fuck! Just use my biggie boobies to make your cock go all cummies over my face! She smiled from ear to ear, her green eyes shining. Can I! Pleasey please, Master! Can I?

Of course, I said. It's your reward. You get to enjoy it however you want.

Yay! She threw her arms around my neck, her big and soft boobs piling into my torso. I lovey you Master more than all the stars and the trees and the moons and the windows in the wholey world!

She kissed me with her hot and eager lips. I groaned, savoring her simple love. I believed her wholeheartedly. I loved her, too. She was one of my bimbos. I owned her. I slid my hands down her body and squeezed her rump.

I kneaded her ass as my cock poked against her belly. I felt so good as her tongue danced around in my mouth. It was just a delight to make out with her like this. She felt so good against me. She tasted so amazing. My fingers dug into her rump.

She broke the kiss. Ooh, ooh, titty diddy fucky time! Just sitty here, Master! Yay!

I sat down on the stump. It was cool on my ass. She dropped to her knees before me, her big boobs bouncing. She grinned up at me and cupped them together. She was so ready to pleasure me with them. I was so ready to let her.

She hefted those lush mounds and piled them around my cock. She squeezed them about me. I loved how she did that. It felt incredible as she worked them up and down my cock. She massaged them. It was so awesome.

I shuddered at the way that she did that. It was so spectacular. I groaned in delight, enjoying that wonderful way she massaged me. She worked those big breasts up and down my dick. She massaged me with her amazing boobs.

Yes, I groaned. Oh, yes, that's so good.

She beamed up at me. Titties go up and boobies go down! Titties go up and boobies go down!

Yeah, I groaned, her silky breasts massaging my cock. My nuts twitched at the wonderful way she massaged me. I sighed in delight, savoring her working those breasts up and down me. I closed my eyes, just wanting to cum on her face. Oh, yeah, that's amazing.

Yay! she squealed and worked her titties up and down my dick faster and fast. My nuts tightened. So much funny!

It was so much fun. I loved every second of her working those lush tits up and down my dick. She made me feel incredible. It was fantastic. I groaned, her boobs squeezing around my shaft as she pumped away. The pressure grew and grew in them. I would have so much fun cumming on her face.

I had to commend Anni on her choice. Erotha, Cally, and the three goblin bimbo-slaves watched on with obvious envy. They wanted to be in Anni's place. She was so happy to be doing it. her joy shone from her face as she pumped her boobs up and down my cock.

I loved it. The pleasure built and built. hurtled toward that wondrous moment of climaxing. I would have a huge explosion of bliss. I loved the pleasure that rushed down my shaft toward my balls from her wonderful boobs. It was a delicious moment to enjoy.

Damn, I groaned. You're going to get such a face full of cum! 

Yay! I wanny to have all the cummies. That'll be oh so amazeying. Just so wondermus. Pleasey please, shower me in cummies and jizzies and spunkies and cummies!

I would. The way she squeezed those tits around my cock was amazing. I savored that wonderful sensation. the pressure swelled and swelled toward that bursting point. The tip of my cock burst with delight every time she slid her tits up.

This time, when she went down, she licked the crown of my cock. She smacked her lips as a shiver of delight raced through me. That was perfect. Just the sort of delight that I was glad to enjoy. She did it to me again and again. 

Every time her boobs slid down, her tongue flicked out.

I was in heaven feeling her do that to me. Just reveling in that delight. She was such a wondrous dick licker. It was beautiful having her do that. I groaned with her every stroke. She giggled as she worked her boobs up and down.

Cummies for me, she cooed and licked my dick again. Cummies from you! Another lick.

Fuck, yes! I groaned as that did it for me.

The pleasure slammed through my body. I grunted with the pleasure slamming through my mind. Stars erupted across my vision. I loved this passion sweeping through my body. Stars flashed across my vision. It was so amazing. I savored that delight rushing through my flesh.

Fuck! I groaned as my jizz splashed across her face.

She opened her mouth wide, my dick pulsing between her boobs. I sprayed her tits with my spunk. The pleasure was intense. It shot through me again and again. I enjoyed every last second of this delight. I savored it sweeping through me. This was the treat that I needed. I reveled in it. I was so glad for it. Just so happy for it to sweep through me.

I groaned with the delight of this moment. A big smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed every second of this rapture. I groaned at the ecstasy shooting through me as I painted her face. I drenched her with my jizz.

Cummies! she squealed.

My spunk dripped onto her tits as I shuddered. The pleasure was so intense. It was just perfect. I was so glad for it. A big smile spread on my lips as I leaned back. She gave me such bliss. I shivered with the delight as my orgasm died down.

Master's nummy yummy cummies! squealed Anni. She beamed up at me, my pearly spunk running down her cute face. Ropy lines matted her red hair. She rubbed her hands into her face, working my jizz into her skin like it was a moisturizer. All mine!

All yours, I groaned. Erotha, how's dinner coming.

It's not cumming, but it's ready to eat! answered Erotha. An adorable look crossed her face as she struggled with a thought. I don't think dinner can cum.

Nope, I said. My bad. Let's eat! Dish it up. I'm starving!

Yesy siry sir, Master! She beamed at me, her huge tits swaying back and forth. God, she was gorgeous. So much better than that hag who had attacked me. I was so glad that I had this busty cutie in my party. 

She dished up a bowl and handed it over to me. I took it from her with a big smile. It was so good to take it. I was so glad for it. I spooned it up and groaned. It was really good. Savory and warm. Just the sort of thing to eat in the woods.

Erotha spooned up bowls for the goblin bimbo-slaves, for Anni, and for Cally. My bimbo-elf ate it, but she picked around the dried beef. Anni took that eagerly. She looked so happy with cum drying on her face. Little flakes of silver drifted from her as she ate.

Finally, Erotha dished up her own. I enjoyed this so much. I was having a good time eating the meal. I spooned up seconds for myself. I was enjoying this new world immensely. So what if I wasn't in the real world.

This one had sexy bimbo-elves that looked like busty, blonde versions of Arwen from the Lord of the Rings movies. And I got to fuck her. Got to eat her pussy out and dump my cum in her. Maybe I'd breed her.

That would be so hot.

Or just fuck her in the ass. In fact...

I grinned at my elf and ordered, Cally, I want you kneeling on the ground so I can fuck you in the ass. Eat out Anni's pussy while I do it!

Ooh, ooh, yesy siry, Master! Cally said. The busty elf sank onto the ground, her ears twitching. He looked so ready to do just that. It was so hot. She wiggled her rump at me. Her pussy juices dripped down her thighs. Ooh, ooh, fucky my buttyhole!

While eating my pussy hole, squealed Anni. She dropped down before Cally and spread her legs. Her hairless cunt dripped with juices, too. Just eaty me out, Cally! I lovey it when you do it! Such a wondermus elf!

Cally buried her face into Anni's pussy. The bimbo-human moaned as the airheaded-elf feasted. I smiled and pressed my cock into Cally's butt-crack. Her cute asscheeks clenched around my tip as I moved down to her backdoor.

And what about me, Master? asked Erotha, quivering there. My pussy's all wettie and hottie and juicy and itchy, too.

Fuck yourself with your dildo-wand, I said as I drilled against Cally's asshole.

Oh, righty right! I have that. Erotha smacked the side of her head. I fowgot. I'm so dummy!

Yep. I winked at her as Cally's anal ring widened and widened. That's why I love you. Love all my dummy bimbo-sluts!

Anni, Cally, and Erotha all squealed. Their delight was so delicious. I loved it as Cally's anal ring widened and widened for my cock. She stretched and stretched to take me. I pushed harder and harder on her. She whimpered then gasped as I popped into her bowels.

It was wonderful to sink into her anal sheath. She felt so good devouring my cock. Just amazing swallowing me. A big smile spread on my lips as she did that. She took every inch of me. I savored being in her asshole. She squeezed down on me.

As I reveled in my bimbo-elf's tight backdoor, Erotha grabbed her dildo wand, spread her legs, and plunged her cunt into her snatch. The three collared bimbo-slaves all rubbed at their pussies, too, masturbating as they watched, their green tits jiggling. 

Ooh, ooh, that's my magically dildo-wand just stirrying up my pussy hole! Erotha moaned. Look at me, Master! I'm fuckying myself!

Yes, you are, I said, gripping Cally's hips and drawing back my dick. Her anal sheath held me tight. Fuck that naughty cunt with your magical wand!

Okey-dokey, Master! Erotha fucked her cunt, a huge smile on her lips. She grinned from ear to ear she fucked her cunt with the dildo. Ooh, ooh, I'm so goody great at loveying my cunty hole!

I winked at her as I plunged back into Cally's asshole. She moaned into Anni's pussy, taking my big dick. I loved the bimbo-elf's velvety sheath massaging my dick. She held me tight as I drew back and back. She squeezed down on me.

I fucked back into her, loving that wonderful grip. It was perfect to enjoy. I savored it so much. That was just a delicious thrill. I buried into her over and over again. I fucked into her bowels with all my might. 

My nuts slapped into her taint while she feasted on Anni's pussy. The bimbo-fighter trembled, her big boobs jiggling. She gasped and moaned, her face twisting with delight. She was so sexy to watch quivering there. She humped her cunt into Cally's mouth.

Yesy yes, that's so goody having you all munchying on my pussy! Anni moaned.

So yummy! Cally moaned, her hips wiggling and stirring her anal sheath around my thrusting dick. Ooh, ooh, Master's fuckying me so hard. He's pounding my buttyhole!

Yes, I was. I loved every last thrust into her asshole. The pressure grew and grew in my nuts. I hurtled toward that moment of erupting. I would flood her bowels with all my spunk. I couldn't wait to give her the jizz that she craved.

I plunged into her bowels again and again, savoring that tight grip. She massaged me with that hot asshole. She clamped down hard on me as I plunged away at her. I hurtled toward that moment of erupting. I couldn't wait to pump my cum into her anal sheath. 

Oh, that's so goody, she moaned. That's so awesomey. She rubbed her face into Cally's pussy. Yummy cunny and biggie dick. So amazeying!

Yes! Erotha moaned, churning up her pussy with her dildo-wand. Frothy juices coated the wood. Ooh, ooh, yesy yes, that's so nummy good!

Cally! squealed Anni. That's my lovey button! My clitty lovey button! Keep lickying it. That's just so awesomey. I'm gonna cummy! 

I grinned, loving the way my bimbos all moaned. Even the goblins were gasping as they fingered their cunts. They rubbed at their buds and plunged their fingers into their pussies. I fucked hard into that hot asshole. I buried away. It was fantastic. 

The pressure in my nuts swelled. I loved them slapping into Cally's taint. I savored that delight as I hurtled toward my orgasm. I needed to cum so badly. Just needed to burst into her asshole. I buried into her hard.

Cally's pushying my pussy button! squealed Anni. Yesy!

She bucked in obvious orgasmic delight, drowning Cally with her passion. I smiled at the sight as I kept fucking the bimbo-elf's bowels. Cally moaned, rubbing her face into the fighter's snatch. Pointed ears quivered.

Master's biggie dick is melting my buttyhole! Just meltying it! Cally squealed in delight as her asshole convulsed around my cock.

I loved that spasming flesh suckling at my dick. It felt so incredible as I pumped away at that tight anal sheath. It was fantastic having that hot asshole nursing at me. I loved every second of it. I buried into her anal sheath.

I erupted.

My cum fired into her bowels. I loved every last second of pumping blast after blast of my cum into her anal sheath. The pleasure swept through me. It was a perfect rush to enjoy. A perfect delight to have shooting through me.

Fuck! I moaned, my dick erupting over and over again. Oh, shit, that's good!

Master's cummies! whimpered Cally.

Lucky ducky! gasped Erotha. She jammed her dildo-wand deep into her cunt. She threw back her head, her huge titties bouncing. Yesy, yes, so lucky!

She climaxed, too, as I dumped more and more of my cum into Cally's asshole. The elf milked my dick. The pleasure slammed into me. I loved every last second of that delight rushing through me. I shuddered in delight, my heart pounding in my chest. A big smile spread on my lips.

I erupted one last time. Damn, I groaned. Goddamn, that was a good ass-fucking.

It was, Cally moaned, rubbing her face into Anni's pussy. 

I pulled my cock out of her asshole and rose. My dick bobbed before me, dirty. Cally shuddered through her orgasm, those big milkers of her rippling. She stared at me with such lust in her eyes as she buried her dildo-wand deep in her cunt.

Get over here and suck my dick clean, I ordered.

Me? Such joy swept over Erotha's face. Me, me, me?

I nodded.

Yay! She rose, her dildo-wand stuck in her pussy. She darted toward me, her tits heaving. They smacked together. They really bounced when she dropped to her knees before me. Master! You're the bestiest master! I lovey you!

She swallowed my cock with her plump lips. I groaned as she suckled on me, her black hair swaying around her face. She nursed on me, her brown eyes brimming with such delight. She swirled her tongue around my cock, loving the taste of Cally's asshole.

I groaned, savoring her polishing my dick like that. She knew what she was doing. She nursed hard and fast. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with all that she had. She must love the flavor of Cally's backdoor.

Fuck, Erotha, I groaned. Clean that dick. Polish my pole!

She moaned around my cock as she did just that.

I loved it. The goblins all gibbered and moaned as they climaxed. Their big tits slapped together. They were so sexy. I loved how they quivered there. It was so hot watching those big boobs of theirs slap together as they trembled.

I grinned and savored that hot mouth sucking on my dick. She nursed with all the passion that she had. It was magnificent feeling her doing that. I loved it so much. I savored her working her mouth up and down my dick. It was fantastic.

I enjoyed it so much. I loved it with all my might. It was a wonderful moment of bliss. Just a fantastic moment to have her sucking on me like that. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, savoring that hot mouth buffing my dick clean. She nursed on me with such hunger. Oh, damn, that's good. That's so good.

Erotha winked at me as she suckled on me. She nursed with passion. My cock throbbed in her mouth as she swirled her tongue around my cock. The delicious bimbo-enchantress made my bones quiver with her skill. It was a fabulous treat having her doing that.

The smack of lips drew my attention to Anni and Cally. The pair of them were making out. They were swapping spit with passion, their big boobs pressed together. I loved the sight as Erotha suckled off Cally's ass.

You're going to get a big surprise, I groaned to Erotha. Cum and piss!

She moaned and suckled harder. Her brown eyes shown with such joy as she polished my pole. She bobbed her head, working her mouth farther down my shaft. My cock pressed into the back of her throat. She swallowed me with a gurgle.

Yeah, suck my entire dick clean, slut, I growled. You're my sexy bimbo-enchantress. Ooh, that is so good having you do that!

She moaned around my shaft, her tongue dancing with such skill as she buffed me clean. She knew how to make me groan. I rose toward my orgasm as she slid her lips farther and farther down my dick until she nuzzled into my bush.

She took every inch of me. I loved being down her warm throat. She moaned, her hums massaging round my cock. That felt so good. A big smile spread on my lips at how great this felt. I was in heaven here.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. That's just delicious. You are going to get so much of my spunk firing into your mouth! Then comes the piss!

She moaned around my dick and suckled even harder. She nursed with passion. My nuts tightened at the force of her passion. She slid her mouth up my cock. She buffed my dick clean as she rose up my shaft until my tip popped out of her gullet.

Her tongue danced around the crown of my cock now. she swirled it about me. I loved it so much. She made me feel amazing with that wonderful tongue. I shuddered, my orgasm building and building. Erotha loved my dick.

I slid my fingers through her brown hair. I loved the silky tresses. She nursed on me, sucking and slurping with her passion. She made such sloppy sounds as she brought me closer and closer to cumming. I groaned as I hit that bursting point.

Fuck! I snarled.

I erupted into her mouth. My cum pumped over and over into her hungry maw. I loved that so much. I savored that he rushing through me. Stars flashed across my vision. I felt so good right now. It was amazing enjoying this delight. 

She gulped down more and more of my cum. I fired it all into her mouth. I erupted again and again. The pleasure slammed through my body. I loved it crashing into my mind. She suckled so hard as my nuts unloaded all they held.

Damn, I groaned with that last blast of cum.

I felt so good now. I could just float away. I smiled down at her as she kept nursing on me. She swirled her tongue around my dick. She sent this wonderful heat sweeping through me. I panted, loving every second of this.

Now for the next part, I said.

She moaned around my cock. The bimbo-slut was so ready for it.

I relaxed my bladder and pissed in her mouth. I groaned as my urine splashed against the back of her throat. She gulped down my piss with such hunger. It was amazing having her do that. I felt so good. A wonderful euphoria swept through me.

Damn, you are such a piss-drinking bimbo-whore, Erotha, I groaned.

She moaned around my dick as she gulped down more of my urine. I shuddered as my bladder emptied itself. The stream slowed. I forced out a few more pulses of urine for her to gulp down. She flicked her tongue over my slit to work out any last drops.

Damn, I said, feeling so amazing. My first day in this fantasy world was amazing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I woke in the tent between Cally and Anni. I grabbed my phone, checking it like I did every morning. Of course, there were no updates, save a notification from the Bimbo App. I didn't get Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, TikTok, Reddit, or Instagram updates here. 

Though I could still google and look at Wikipedia.

I opened the app and saw I had a gacha roll for Magic Crystals. I hit a counter. It started flashing numbers in almost a blur. I tapped it again. I gained 7 Magic Crystals. Nice. That was something. I was glad there was a daily way to get them.

It was the sort of thing you'd expect with these sorts of apps where things start out cheap but quickly become outrageous where you have to spend days or weeks grinding out dailies to get the points to do something.

Or just spend money.

So far, that wasn't an option in this world.

I fucked Erotha in the pussy while Anni and Cally made breakfast. I pissed in Cally's mouth to drain the lizard. She was so happy to do that. We ate some fried bacon and headed on our way. I wanted to get to town so I didn't fuck around.

We led the goblin slaves through the woods. It wasn't long before we came across the Shadow River. It was wide and deep, the waters black. The trees grew thick along the bank, but there was a road that we followed south.

As noon neared, the woods began to thin. There were signs of woodcutters clearing trees for firewood. A guard tower rose by the road. The woods melted into farmland. Men worked the fields. They looked to be weeding their crops. I glimpsed women around farmhouses, tending chickens or hanging laundry.

I could bimbofy normal women, too. I wouldn't keep them, just turn them into air-headed sluts. Everyone would get to enjoy them at that point. Wasn't that hot? I liked the idea and was eager to give it a try once we reached the city of Narsi.

The farmland grew denser. We ate our midday meal of dried meat beneath a shady tree before we continued on. The ground descended, a port city appearing at the mouth of the Shadow River. The waters were black here, too. They stained the sea dark, but the blue gradually took over. No one seemed to think that was weird, though.

The city sprawled along a circular bay with ships at the dock. The buildings all had gray slate roofs unlike the farmhouses which all had thatch roofs. The construction didn't look that much different. Wooden frames filled in with some sort of plaster. Though, the houses and buildings here had wider second and third floors. They hung out over the cobblestone streets.

Foot traffic and cart traffic increased. People were bringing in goods from the farms or transporting goods from the port. Even a few wagon teams were dominating the road, forcing us to step around them. Burly dwarves drove them with thick beards.

There was no wall around the town, and it just sort of flowed from farms to more densely packed streets until it was quite crowded. It was mostly humans, but there were elves strolling about, halflings who had to thread through the big folk, burly dwarves, willowy women that turned out to be dryads, and even catgirls.

Holy shit, I gasped at the first catgirl I saw. She looked so sexy with her tail swishing behind her and her ears thrusting out of her black hair. She had a natural grace to her.

Sadly, there were also catboys. They were almost as beautiful as the girls. If this was an anime, they would be all traps. You'd think it was a cute catgirl only to find out she had a dick and just like dressing up all femme.

Anni, where can we sell the goblins? I asked, their presence drawing some attention.

Ooh, the slavery markets are down by the port, Anni said. I thinky so. It's hard to thinky.

Erotha nodded. So hardy, but... I thinky she's righty.

That was good enough for me. We moved through the city, passing market squares and shops. Blacksmiths and apothecaries. Enchanters shouted about the magical tools they had for sale. Others noticed us adventures and boasted about enchanted armor good for fending off goblins, or swords great for killing aurochs. 

The slave house was down by the docks. It was a place to by slave-orcs to protect merchants or slave wargs to guard houses. A slave-minotaur was being lobbied as a superior replacement to a plow horse.

He can plow five rows at once! the auctioneer said, a weaselly man with only one eye. Our finest enchanters have fashioned a collar of obedience so strong, it could make a gorgon harmless, let alone Tark here.

He grabbed the minotaur by a heavy nose ring through the septum, the type bulls had, and yanked him down. The minotaur snorted and his tail flicked, but he didn't protest. Didn't even resist. People were nodding at the sight.

They went around back to where there were more cages. Goblin work gangs and slimes to process garbage and create fertilizer. Strange felines with scorpion tails and winged horses and more. A dwarf ran the place, a woman who was the definition of thicc. Busty and curvy but with a horrendous scar across her eye.

What you got? she said. Female goblins. Not worth much... She trailed off as something seemed to wash over her. Ah, bimbofied goblins. Yes, yes. Sex slaves. I see, I see. Such intriguing collars. Who's your enchanter?

Uh, Figure, I said. That was the name of the god who reincarnated me, right? The figure? Or, at least, that was how I thought of him. They're horny and eager to please.

I can see that, she said. Five silver a piece.

Was I being ripped off? I had no idea. Done.

She nodded and my phone beeped. I opened it and it said, Do you wish to transfer the ownership of 3 Goblin Bimbo Slaves to Akoza? The standard YES and NO buttons appeared. I tapped the YES one and gained 3 Magic Crystals. I had 10 now. Excellent.

Here you go, said the dwarf and tossed me a leather purse. It was like a small pouch. It clinked as I caught it.

Thanks, Akoza, I said as she motioned the goblins to follow her. 

She froze. How'd you know my name?

Everyone knows that you're the dwarf to sell sex slaves to in Narsi. I winked at her. Glad to do business with you.

Yeah, yeah, she said. Sex slaves. We'll see how they do. Willing to take a chance. That's how business works.

Sure, sure, I said. I'd take her word. This wasn't anything I knew about.

Bye-bye! Anni said. Ooh, I'll miss those cutie wootie gobliny slaves!

They were so much funny! Cally agreed. 

They lickedy my pussy lasty night! Erotha said. So goody! That's okey-dokey with me!

Yeah, I said. I know they'll get great owners who will fuck them all the time and enjoy them and share them with their friends. Better than killing them like their males.

Nasty icky disgusty males! Anni said. Goblin males are so nasty. They're... they're... they're diffrenty than you, Mark!

The opposite, I said, glancing at my phone. 10 Magic Crystals. I could bimbofy two regular women for that. Let's go find some bitches to bimbofy and teach them a valuable lesson.

Sure thingie! Cally said and took my arm. I wanna do that! Ooh, that sounds such funny!

Let's go to the inny and drop off our thingies and punish bitchy women, Erotha said and took my arm. Women who aren't goody like us!

That's right, I said. 

Oh, waity wait, we have to turny in my quest! said Anni. The mushyrooms! I collected them all and you helped and it's a quest and we need money because inns are extra-pensive!

Sure, sure, so there's an adventuring guild, right? I asked.

She nodded.

She led us down the docks to another building. This one had men and women of all species coming and going. They wore various gear. Heavy armor, leathers, robes. Some had staff, others swords, or axes. Rogues and mages and archers and more. All the various classes. 

Inside, there was a wall with different quests on them. Like a wanted board or something. They had prices on them. Some adventures were pulling them off and going to a counter were a frumpy woman with ink stains on her cheeks jotted them down in a book.

Anni headed up to the counter and said, Anni is backy with a doney quest.

What? the woman said and blinked. Uh, is that you, Anni? You're... Uh... My, that's an interesting style of armor!

My Master gave it to me because I'm a sexy bimbo-slut! She bounced up and down. See, see, my boobies almost bouncy out.

Yeah, I can see that, the woman said. She stared.

A lot of men stared. They were no longer browsing the walls but watching my bimbos in their skimpy outfits. I shifted, feeling uncomfortable as Anni started piling out the shadowy mushrooms we had harvested yesterday.

The receptionist examined them then put them on a plate to the side. Another person scurried out of the back to collect it. She then looked at her book and found it. She marked something on it then looked at the price.

She pulled out a key from her pocket and turned around to a heavy strong box. Bound in black iron with a large lock. She thrust in the key, opened it. I caught glimpses of coins. Gold. Silver. Copper. Maybe even some platinum. She pulled out a handful of silvers.

Five silver, Anni, she said, setting the stack down. I show you complete. You are free to pick another quest!

Okey-dokey! she scooped up her money and spun around. She beamed at me. I did it, Master!

Yes, you did, I said, pulling out my own purse of fifteen silver coins. Let's just add them in and find an inn. Is there one near hear.

Sow's Ear, said the woman, though I doubt Kaoni will be happy to have women dressed like that in her husband's establishment.

That sounded promising. Thanks.

You're new here. Are you registered with the guild?

I shook my head.

Well, you're with guild registered adventurers, so that's fine, but if you're caught questing without them... You should sign up. Only takes about an hour.

I waved my hand. Later, later. It's been a long day. I want to relax.

She shrugged. 

I gathered up my bimbos and we headed out into the street. Anni was bouncing, so excited for doing a good job. I found myself patting her head like a dog. That made her beam. I couldn't help but smiling back.

Such a good bimbo, Anni, I told her. 

She squealed and turned bright red. God, she was adorable. I was glad I improved her from that frigid cunt who didn't need no man as the tweens liked to say back in my world, punctuating it with some finger snapping. 

We moved through the busy streets. There was an inn ahead. It had a pig's ear on the side though it had a suggestive shape to it. I swear it sort of looked like a pussy, but given what I heard, that wasn't the sort of place to have that kind of business. Though we were on the docks.

Shouldn't that be where all the prostitutes hung out at?

I pushed open the door to a common room. It was right out of any D&D campaign I had played. A room with tables and benches. Barmaids moved about, though none of them had low-cut blouses and short skirts. They carried drinks and food to the rather sober-looking group. A fire burned at the far end where a roast was being turned on the spit by a goblin slave in rags. Behind the bar, a man in a gray beard looked up and...

His jaw dropped.

Other men gasped or elbowed their neighbors. They stared at my bimbos as we stepped inside. The barmaids covered their mouths with their hands or their serving trays. They all glanced at a stout woman with a streak or brown in her brown hair pulled up into a bun.

She marched up, the jowls beneath her chin shaking. No whores allowed in my husband's inn! she barked. I put a stop to that nonsense when I married him. You leave now, or I'll break those hussies in half and toss them in the rubbish it.

She did have some big tits that sagged in her frumpy dress. I shook my head and pulled out my phone. I aimed it at her. I knew from experience that the Bimbo App performed miracles. I would make this woman look so much hotter.

You casting a spell on me? she demanded. You use one magic, and I'll report you to the Guild. Have your card burned and you put in stocks for a month! Now get those big-titty hussies out of here right now before I get angry!

Bimbofy Kaoni into a Hot Wife Slut? appeared on my screen. The two pink buttons for YES and NO hovered. They were so wonderful to see. I smiled as I hit that YES and spent 5 Magic Crystals to transform her.

The stout matron lifted into the air. She gasped out, I'll have your hide flayed from your ass, you

Her words cut off as the pink magic swirled up her body. Her frumpy skirt was replaced by a pair of delicious stiletto heels and dark stockings that clad her slender calves. The magic rose up to her dimple knees and her lush thighs. A short and puffy skirt of green appeared that barely covered her rump and left a good two inches of bare skin between the hem and the tops of her nylons. Her midriff appeared followed by a tight, white blouse that hugged her big boobs that no longer sagged. They were perky and wonderful. The skirt had straps that rose up and hugged those breasts almost like that Oktoberfest dress. 

The dirndl, right?

Her brown hair no longer had streaks of gray and also was in two braids that fell over her shoulders. She still was a matron. A MILF. Her face was mature but smooth. No wrinkles. She lost the hair on her upper lip and the wart on her nose.

She landed on her heels and giggled. Welcome to my husband's awesomey inn! I'm so glad you're staying with me. You can ravish me however you want! I lovey dicks!

You do? her husband blurted out from behind the bar, the poor guy now looked ten years younger like a bunch of stress had melted from him. I don't know why he married the harridan, but now he had a hot wife who was down to fuck.

I lovey them! she squealed and threw herself at me. Before all the customers and her husband, she kissed me.

I groaned as the married woman thrust her tongue into my mouth. She wiggled it around, sending such heat rushing through me. It was so amazing to make out with her like that. My tongue darted around in her mouth as my hands slid around and gripped her rump through her skirt.

The men were chuckling. 

God, she's one uptight bitch, but now... a guy growled.

You're wife just became like one of those girls that used to work here, said another. 

Yes, she did, the graybeard behind the bar said. Bugger my uncle and my brother.

Madam Kaoni, you are looking perfect, another said. That is some magic item you have, mate.

A feline hiss drew my attention to a black-haired (and eared) catgirl. She was a petite thing that glared at me. I didn't care. If she tried anything, there would be another bimbo. I just broke the kiss with Kaoni, my dick so hard.

Ooh, she purred, humping against me. Hardy cock. I know how to fixy that! Blowjob!

You know how to give a blowjob? her husband demanded as she dropped to her knees.

She pushed up my chainmail armor. I just peeled it off and thrust it at Cally. The delicious wife opened my fly and pulled out my cock. I groaned as she stroked my dick with her warm hand. She moaned in delight.

Biggie dick!

She swallowed my cock.

Damn, Madam Kaoni! I groaned at that hot mouth swallowing my dick.

It was wild getting blown by a man's wife as he watched. His sexy bimbo-MILF worked her mouth up and down my dick. She nursed hard, her cheeks hollowing as she suckled with all her might. Everyone was watching.

Men cheered her on as she suckled on me. She drove me wild with that hot mouth. She swirled her tongue around my dick. Pleasure shot down my shaft to my balls. They tightened with a load of cum I would fire down the reformed bitch's throat.

Yes, yes, just like that, Madam Kaoni, I groaned. You're sucking my dick while your husband watches!

She moaned around my cock and winked at me. 

It was like she enjoyed cuckolding him.

I enjoyed her mouth working up and down my dick. She sucked with such passion. My three bimbos all stood around me, squirming. I knew they had hot cunts that they wanted to touch. I just enjoyed having that hot mouth sucking on my dick.

She bobbed her head. She nursed on me with everything that she had. It was a fantastic rush to have that wonderful mouth working up and down my dick. The pressure swelled in my nuts as she loved me with everything that she had.

Her braids bounced as she worked her lips up and down my cock. Her tongue danced around the crown. The shaft. She knew what she was doing. The pleasure was so great. I groaned as I couldn't last much longer.

Not with her husband watching.

I was cuckolding him.

His wife suckled hard on my cock, eager for my cum. She nursed with all her passion. I could tell she craved my cum. I wanted to give it to the bimbofied hot wife. Her tongue stroked over the crown of my cock.

Pleasure shot down my shaft.

Fuck, I groaned, everyone in the inn staring at me as you erupt into the hot wife's mouth.

The pleasure slammed through my body and crashed into my mind. I shuddered with each eruption of cum that shot into her mouth. She gulped down every blast of spunk that erupted from my dick. I loved it. It was fantastic.

The pleasure crashed through my mind. It was fantastic to enjoy. Stars flashed across my eyes as the rapture erupted from my dick. She suckled hard as I groaned. My bimbos were all cheering me on as I dumped my cum down her throat.

Go, Master, go! squealed Anni.

Floody her mouthy with cummies! Erotha shouted as she clapped.

Master! Master! Master! cheered Cally.

I groaned as I erupted one last time into the naughty wife's mouth. The sexy MILF swallowed every drop of cum that I had in my nuts. I felt amazing. She suckled hard while the men in the common room wolf-whistled.

It was fantastic. I grinned from ear to ear as she nursed on me one more time. Then the sexy wife ripped her mouth off my dick. She popped to her feet and grinned from ear to ear. My cum dripped down her chin.

That was so yummy, she said. And it made my pussy all wettie. Will you fucky me! I lovey fuckying the customers! It's so much funny!

Never fucked me! a guy roared.

I will! After I fucky our guest! Ooh, ooh, ram that big adventuring swordie into my juicy sheath! Okey-dokey?

Fuck, yeah, I said as everyone in the room cheered.

Everyone but the cat girl with the black hair and green eyes. She turned and left the common room, her tail swishing behind her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mint

Fury burned through me. My tail wouldn't stop twitching. My ears, too. I couldn't believe that disgusting tom. He just turned Madam Kaoni into a busty whore. Transformed her into a complete mockery of who she'd been.

Nature had been disrupted. Magic like that shouldn't exist. Kalina, Goddess of Nature, must shake with rage. I did. That magic item that disgusting tom possessed, that rectangular box, had to be destroyed. The balance of the world had to be restored.

I had to make my move.

To be continued...
