Baby Steps

Andy was outside Owen’s hospital room when Ianto arrived.

“How is he?” Ianto asked.

“The doctor’s in with him now.” Andy paused. “Ianto, he’s been given a really thorough going over. Do you know anyone who would have done something like this to him?” Luckily for Ianto he was not facing Andy. Panic flitted across his face, before his calm exterior returned.

“No idea, Andy. We’ve probably crossed a lot of people in Owen’s time.” Ianto turned back to Andy. “I’d better go and talk to the doctor now.”

Ianto entered Owen’s room. The doctor was finishing Owen’s obs. Jack was staring out of the window. He turned as Ianto entered the room.

Jack hurried across the room, catching Ianto before he collapsed. The young man was exhausted. The colour had drained from his face when he had seen Owen. Jack led Ianto from Owen’s room. He sat Ianto down, before turning to Andy.

“I’m just taking Ianto to the canteen. Any change in Owen, page me. Please.” Andy looked at Ianto, nodding his agreement to Jack’s request.

Jack led Ianto to the canteen, sitting him down before getting him a hot, sweet cup of tea.

“I’m sorry, Jack,” Ianto’s voice was little more than a whisper.

“Drink your tea, then we’ll talk.” He watched Ianto’s tea spill as the young man’s hands shook. Ianto finally managed to finish his tea, colour returning to his pale cheeks.

“Feeling better?” Jack asked.

Ianto managed a weak smile. “Slightly.” He looked thoughtful. “What did the doctor say about Owen?”

“Oh, the usual. The next 24 hours are critical. If he survives that then he stands a good chance of recovering – although he will be permanently scarred.”

Ianto buried his head in his hands. “I’m so sorry. This is all my fault. I didn’t know what else to do. If I hadn’t told Dai... ” Ianto’s voice trailed off. Jack reached over, grasping Ianto’s hand.

“How did things go with Dai?” Jack paused. “I... I was worried about leaving you with him.”

“I know.” Jack’s eyes met Ianto’s. “Dai told me. I didn’t even notice. He told me that I must be blind.”

“So, what happened?”

Ianto looked away. “He fired me.” He shook his head, smiling as he did so. “Then dumped me.”

“He fired you? Then dumped you? I get the feeling he did that for a reason?”

Ianto stood and walked over to the window. Jack followed him. “I thought you hated me, Jack. I didn’t know what to do. I’ve ruined everything.”

An arm circled Ianto’s waist, drawing him into an embrace. “I don’t hate you. When you told me about your past I was stunned. I reacted badly. Instead of supporting you, I pushed you away. And then Owen... ”

“Jack. I really like you. I’d like to be with you. That... that’s why I told you about... everything. I’ve never told anyone else, never cared enough, but now, with you... ” His eyes told Jack everything he needed to know, silently pleading for a second chance.

Jack placed a kiss on Ianto’s temple. “Baby steps, boss. Baby steps.”

***** 

Ianto returned to the Hub, leaving Jack with instructions to contact Tosh if there was any change in Owen’s condition. This puzzled Jack, but he decided to let it go – for now, anyway.

Ianto entered the main Hub area, looking for Tosh. He found her in his office.

“Tosh. I was looking for you. Take a seat.” He closed the door behind him.

“I was looking for you, Ianto. I’m worried about you. I need you to agree to a complete medical... ” Ianto raised a hand, silencing Tosh.

“You don’t,” Ianto paused. “I’m taking two weeks leave. You’re in charge. Jack’s your second.” When Tosh looked ready to question Ianto’s decision, he continued. “He’s intelligent, got his eyes open, reads people well... ”

“You could do worse,” Tosh replied gently.

“I have done.”

“So, two weeks away from the Hub. Think you’ll survive?”

“I’ll try... ” He ran through his outstanding paperwork with her. “Jack can complete it. All you’ll need to do is sign it off.”

“Why now, Ianto?” Ianto looked puzzled. “Two weeks leave, Ianto? We’re already a man down... ”

“That’s why Tosh. Tell Jack I said he can tell you everything. I’m going home.”

Tosh pulled Ianto into a warm embrace. “Take care, boss. And, as your doctor, I’ll be out to see you twice a week.” He looked as though he would argue, before nodding his acquiescence.

Tosh watched as he checked everything was in order before he logged off his pc. He headed out through the cog door, not looking back.

*****

Once home, he made a call, one he knew he should have made months previously. “I need to talk to someone. When can I come in?”

Time agreed, he hung up. The phone was heavy in his hand, but he knew he had made the right decision.

“Baby steps, Ianto,” he thought. “Baby steps.”

***** 

Jack arrived back at the Hub early in the afternoon. He headed to Ianto’s office to update him on Owen. Arriving, he found Tosh behind Ianto’s desk.

“Tosh? Where’s Ianto?”

“He’s gone home, Jack. Taken two weeks leave.” Jack was stunned. "Care to tell me what’s going on?”

“Tosh, I... I don’t think I can. It’s Ianto’s business... ”

“He told me you could explain everything to me. Now, start explaining.”

“Until I talk to Ianto, can I just say that he had a conflict of interests which got very out of hand? And Owen became collateral damage?” Jack paused. He looked thoughtful. “Tosh, how much do you know about Ianto’s past?”

“Not enough, obviously,” Tosh paused, thinking. “He came to us after the fall of Torchwood London. They performed all the usual background checks on him. They’ll be in his personnel file. Other than that, nothing to be honest. He’s the boss. You don’t question the boss, do you?”

“Maybe in future we should.”

“In the meantime, this is for you.” Tosh handed Jack Ianto’s paperwork. “Ianto left it for you. You’ve to complete it, then I’ll sign it off for you.”

Jack smiled. “You’re the boss.”

“No. Ianto is,” Tosh replied in a serious tone. “We’re just helping him out.”

As Jack left, Tosh called after him. “Jack. Finish early and visit Ianto.”

“Yes, ma’am,” he replied before returning to his desk.