Erotic Figure Skating
by Persephone

"Erotic Figure Skating Tryouts Today!

Cum join the growing number of girls and couples who are bringing sexuality, eroticism and glamor to the already-beautiful sport of figure skating!

Lady Aster's team of coaches and guides will help you develop an award-winning figure skating routine!"


Six months ago, fourteen year old Kelly Landis had begged her parents to let her try out for erotic figure skating. They knew how much she had enjoyed her week as a Naked In School student and posing for the school's charity porn website, and Kelly's mom had been a champion figure skater when she was a teenager. So when Kelly showed them a brief video of a pretty girl in a topless skating outfit, holding her partner by his erect cock as they spun gracefully on the ice, they knew they couldn't say no. They signed her up with Lady Aster's coaches and helped her design a sexy outfit to wear, like good parents they went with her to practice meets, and now sat watching proudly in the stands as Kelly entered began her primier competition.

"Welcome back to the First Annual Erotic Figure Skating Competition! You're here with Brooke Wilcox, and myself, Tom Nordland. Up next we have fourteen year old Kelly Landis, of Vermont. She's skating with nineteen year old Dylan Westbrook. You'll remember Dylan from last year's Winter Fantasy Erotic Skaters calendar, Brooke."

Kelly skated onto the ice alone, while Dylan waited patiently for his cue. His black, slim uniform only accentuated the breakaway panel at the front, and the sizable erection that it barely contained.

"That's not something I will ever forget, Tom. And now here comes Kelly, in a very cute outfit - the skirt is slit to the waist, and a sheer mesh panel in the lavender dress shows off her pretty boobs, large for a girl of only fourteen, with painted nipples. Look how precious she looks!"

Kelly did a couple of easy twirls first, and one lap of the rink with her arms gracefully raised so everyone could see her pretty young boobs pressed through the mesh front panel of her dress. She spun into a single-axel so her tiny skirt flared out, giving a tantalizing glimpse of her bare, shaved pussy and pretty naked ass. The crowd cheered appreciatively at the sight.

"She begins with a twenty-second solo routine, Tom, and there's the spin, and a single axel and - oh goody, she's not wearing any panties under that tiny skirt. What a beautiful, fuckable young pussy. Good girl! I hope Dylan's cock is ready to give us a good show."

"You know, Brooke, for as long as I've watched female skaters, I always loved the tiny, sexy outfits. When I was fifteen, I used to masturbate watching them, wishing they were nude under their tiny skirts. It's so wonderful to see girls competing in a sport that lets them flaunt their blossoming sexuality."

"Right you are, Tom! So do I! I love seeing these young teenage beauties bring their sex and their slutty attitudes onto the ice. Kelly's paused now, waiting for Dylan to come out… and here we go!"

The music swelled as Dylan circled Kelly, watching her like a hungry animal. He took her hands and they executed a simple reverse crossover. As they skated backwards the breeze seemed to accidentally flip Kelly's little skirt up to display the twin globes of her naked ass atop her long, slender thighs. Kelly moved into a single Lutz, while Dylan circle her. As she landed he ran his hand up her thigh, and snatched away her tiny skirt, leaving her wearing the tight-fitting lavender top. The crowd cheered because they knew a bottomless girl meant they would treated to some on-ice fucking.

Kelly went into a seated spin that ended with her sitting on the ice spinning slowly, her legs spread, showing everyone her moist, eager young pussy. Her beautiful smile was both innocent and horny, the essence of teenage sensuality.

"I know Kelly's parents are here in the audience tonight - I'm sure they're proud of their delicious little slut. Do you suppose her Daddy has fucked that pretty pussy, Tom?"

"I sure hope so, Brooke. I know if I was her Daddy I wouldn't be able to keep my cock away from her. Just look at her grace as she circled Dylan, like a cat playing with a mouse. Ohh I know how hard I'd be if I was out there.

"Or up here."

Kelly and Dylan circled again and she leapt into a one hand lift, balancing her body on his hand, one leg straight and one bent at 45 degrees. Everyone cheered, seeing his hand on her naked crotch, and knew it wouldn't be long before they entered her.

She lept down and spun around him, and they grasped hands again - but at that moment she reached down and grasped the velcro patch at the front of his pants as he reached for her boobs. He tore away the mesh panel, letting her fourteen year old boobs bounce free, as she released his eager, throbbing hard cock. The crowd roared their enthusiasm.

"And there's the Janet, as he freed her pretty boobs! Look at the glow on her young face as she comes closer to fucking her partner there on the ice!"

"I think we have a drop of precum on the ice, Brooke. I gotta give him credit for maintaining his concentration while so obviously horny."

Kelly and Dylan spun into a hug, face to face, and she slid one hand along the length of his shaft before sliding down his body to slip his rampant shaft between her lips. He spiraled backwards, pulling her toward him as she swallowed the length of his cock. The music swelled louder and the crowd roared as her reverse stroke carried her up his body until the two were standing face to face, gazing into each other's eyes.

She kissed him. One quick, cheeky peck, before he grasped her slender waist and threw her into the air to execute a back flip with turn. She came down facing away from him, bent over, and as the camera zoomed in Dylan slid his glistening, hard cock straight into her bare teenage pussy from behind. She arched her back and let him grasp her boobs, pounding his cock into her as they coupled through a full circuit of the rink, giving the crowd a close view of what they came to see. Skating maneuvers are beautiful, but enthusiastic, horny fucking between two beautiful teenagers always brings the crowd to their feet.

Kelly's face was aglow with passion. She pulled away from Dylan and they went into a death spiral, her legs wide to show her open, just-fucked pussy dripping an unmistakable, glistening substance. Then she climbed up his arms and vaulted over him until they collapsed into a 69, Kelly above with Dylan's cock deep in her mouth, and his tongue nearly as deep in her pussy.

"Now there's a new move!" Brooke exulted, "oh these kids are so hot! God I wish I was down there fucking them both right now."

The audience watched raptly as Kelly took Dylan's hard cock, sucking him while he lapped eagerly at her pussy. Her timing was perfect, and she knew exactly when to pull back. Kelly winked at the camera as Dylan sprayed a jet of thick, stringy cum into her open mouth and all over her young face. Kelly swallowed, her eyes begging for more as let Dylan slowly fall back to the ice, a faux-mort that allowed her to slurp yet more cum from his still spasming cock. She stood and posed triumphantly, dripping cum onto the ice beneath her feet.

The naked fourteen year old and her stud faced the judges and bowed low, as the music signaled the end of their routine.

"Bravo!" Brooke cried out, "a spectacular exhibition! Oh, what a gorgeous little slut!"

The camera focused on Kelly as she skated off the ice to be embraced by her proud parents. She kissed her father while her mother playfully kissed a trace of cum from one nipple.

"And that," Tom said, "is Erotic Figure Skating at its finest."
