------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. 
You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in 
this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a 
representation, in any manner, of any real world 
person.


Story Content: (TV/TG, MM)

STORY: I.O.U.s
By: Es2c

	The phone rang.
	"Hello! ... Yes my name is Cecil. ... That is so vulgar! What 
public restroom did you see that on the wall at? ... Uh huh ... 
Well you come right over here so I can get you straight about 
that!  Now listen carefully.  I live off East Broadway, at Fuller.  
I live at 131512 North Fuller.  ... You come right on over here 
and tell me that to my face.  You're the sixth black man today 
that's called about that filth written on that wall.  I'm not a 
trashy cocksucker for black dicks like it says.  I don't suck 
cocks!  Now because the other five men that called before you, and 
who subsequently came over to my house, were aroused from reading 
that filth, I did feel sorry for them and let them put their stiff 
dicks in my mouth.  I then pursed my lips and slid my head back 
and forth along their black cock shafts.  I also let them hump my 
face too.  When they reached the point of no return and shot off, 
I swallowed all their hot cum and even let them keep their big 
rods between my lips until they were satisfied that all their cum 
had dribbled out.  But I want you to know not once did I suck on 
their dicks.  Remember that! ... Sure, I accept your apology. ... 
No, I don't mind if you come over.  I'd welcome that so I can 
explain why you and others have gotten the wrong idea about me 
from that wall filth.  ... I'm 3 blocks North of Broadway, the 4th 
house on the right after you cross Jones Street as you're coming 
up Fuller.  That's right, number 131512. By the way, what name 
will you be using when you come by.  ... You can't fool me.  
You'll be just like all the other men that come over here.  You 
never use your real name. ... Okay, Jack it is.  I'll be waiting 
on you.  Oh and by the way, don't be put off if I'm dressed up in 
on of my hobby outfits. ... My hobby is wearing women's clothing, 
especially lingerie.  No I'm not a fag.  I just like the colors 
and styles. ...  Ok, see you."

LATER
	"DING DONG!"
	"Are you Cecil?"  The big black man said as I opened the 
door.  I could see his eyes on me as I stood there with a black 
see through lace-scalloped robe on and a pink and white lacy baby 
doll on underneath.
	"Come on in Jack.  You sound the same in person as you did on 
the phone.  Now don't say a thing.  Just sit right over there.  I 
know what you're thinking about all this.  By the way is your dick 
hard?  Here let me feel you.  Just as I thought, you are.  Don't 
say a thing. Just drop your pants and shorts and sit on the couch 
over there.  I'll kneel between your legs and wrap my soft wet 
warm lips around your heated hard meat.  All you men who come over 
here are just alike.  You read that filth and get an erection 
because it says cocksucker."
	He quickly dropped his pants and shorts and sat down with his 
huge black rod jutting to the sky.
	I knelt between his legs and grasped his big dick.
	"I like doing you fellows open crotch because I know y'all 
want me to lick and lap your balls too.  I'll do them later.  
First I'll start off by getting this precum licked up and then 
slide my mouth over it. You have a rather handsome penis.  The 
head is so nicely shaped when it's swollen."  I noted to him as I 
lapped up his oozing precum.  Moments later I engulfed his big 
dickhead and heard him softly moan as I got as much of his cock in 
his mouth as possible before sliding my mouth back and forth.  
After a moment or two of that.  I pulled my head off his monstrous 
dick and proceeded to work on his bulbous balls.  He really 
enjoyed that before urging me to put it back in my mouth.  I did.
	"Wow!  You really were full Jack.  I swallowed 6 times."  I 
said twenty minutes later as I removed my mouth from his softening 
black rod.  He discharged his load of hot slimy cum into my 
swallowing mouth about five minutes before as I let him soak his 
dick in my mouth as I used my tongue to catch the oozing dredges 
that come after the shoot, especially with such a large organ as 
his."
	"Well that was..."
	"I know even before you say it.  You're going to say that was 
good for starters, but you want more.  You want to fuck me too 
don't you?  I can see it in your eyes.  Well that's okay. I 
understand you men.  Y'all see me in my hobby clothes and want to 
treat me like a women with your dicks.  Well, I've given up trying 
to refuse you.  I keep myself all douched and lubed up just in 
case you do wish for me to function as a woman and fuck my ass 
pussy.  I know, I'll even mouth your dick hard if you want me 
too."  I said as I guided his big semi-hard rod back to my lips.
	An hour later Jack was about to leave after creaming in my 
ass twice.
	"Do I owe you anything Cecil?"
	"I know, you're just like all the others that come here.  You 
say that and all you're going to have on you is fifty cents.  
Well, I'd like at least ten dollars, but I know you're not going 
to have it on you, so if you want to leave me an unsigned I.O.U. 
and put it in that brass basket by the table there, that'll be 
fine.  But I warn you, if you call - here, here's my card - me and 
get an appointment to come over again, after the tenth unsigned 
I.O.U.  I expect some kind of payment."
	"So you mark the number of visits in a journal or something?"
	"No jack, I'm not too good at bookkeeping.  I rely on your 
honesty.  I've got a couple of guys that've been coming over here 
almost twice a month for two years, but the claim they haven't 
been here ten times yet.  Well anyway, I know there conscience 
will get the better of them one day and they'll pay up."
	"O-Oh I see.  Well, here let me do the I.O.U."  He said and 
threw it in the brass basket as he was leaving.
	"See ya."  He said.
	"Now be sure and Call me if your dick gets hard and you want 
to see me again."  I replied before he closed the door.
	I felt contented and well fucked.  Jack was the 6th man to 
give up his dick cream to me today, and the 4th to fuck me.  It 
wasn't even 3:00PM yet.  This Saturday promised to be a record day 
the way it was going.
	"RING!"
	"Hello! ... Yes my name is Cecil. ... That is so vulgar! What 
public restroom did you see that on the wall at? ... Uh huh ... 
Well you come right over to my house so I can get you straight 
about that! ..." 
	As I waited for my next guest, I thought about emptying the 
brass trash can, after all, those I.O.U.s were almost over flowing 
from it.
		****THE END ****


Comments? es2c@hotmail.com

