
My young pet 

By Jeevan < jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

friends this incidance took place whrn i was about 30 yrs old and the place was PUNE. i am postgraduate in chemistry and Biology and so our neighbours children used to come to me for getting their difficulties solved and there was one particular girl and her friend i am interested to tell you about. her mane was Reena and her friend was Sarika. they were in std.VIII and were intelligent too. Reena was our neighbour and Sarika was staying not far from our place. 
Reena was about 13 yr old,5'3" tall good looking with nice smily face, bright black eyes, slim figure with small 26 inch breasts and solid developing ass of say 28. her waist was thin and so when she wore skirt you could easily catch her waist in your hand! Sariks was a bit plumpy, 55'2", 30 breasts, roundish face and 30 ass. both were fast friends and loved eachother verymuch. sarika used to come to me with Reena sometimes but reena was coming to me almost daily with one or the other difficulties to solve. we used to sit in my room so that no one would disturb us. 
I was observing Reena daily and felt something in me burn when i used to look at her. i dont know why but i was differently atracted to her , may be sexually. she too must be feeling the same as she used to push her skirt often on her thighs and used to straighten her blouse more than normal way. that was that and one day something happened and i dont know if i was wrong or she. 
Reena had come to me for some difficulty in Zoology. it was about reproductions in mammals. i asked her to read out from the book and ask me what she could not understand. she read out about female mating with male and asked me what was meant by MATING. Oh I got nervvous but had to tell her. 
"Reena mating is sexual contact between male and female in which the male puts his organ into the femal genital and puts his sperm there that fertilise the ovem in the uterus of females." 
"Uncle what is the male organ he puts? his fingers or something else?" Reena asked looking at me. 
" NO Reena not fingers! but he puts his penise in the vagina of the female." 
"Uncle !wherer is the Penis in the mammals? are we mammals too?" 
Oh Reena you are making me feel awakward. how to tell you!Ok have you seen dogs climbing on one another?" 
"Yes uncle in rainy season> they get locked with some red rod. i have seen that." 
" Silly that is the penis in males. it is between the hind legs and hangs out when he is ready to copulate.its a RED thing with some sheath over it" 
Ohh Uncle! i have seen small boys while they pee is that the penis?" 
" YEs reena thats the one. but it is smallerr in case of boys and bigger in case of mature adults." 
" How big it is Uncle? and if its big how it goes in the female?" 
I was getting litter tipsy with all this and decided to tell her everytthing about sex of mammals. my cock was now hard and made tent over my pant. i was trying to hide my erection with the book but something was visible to her eyes. she was glancing there and trying to locate my penis! 
"Reena itt is about 5 inches to 12 inches in humans and the lenght and thickness varies in animals. for human the average size is 6-7 inches. and as the vagina is expandable it goess there and vagina can take it inside." 
"Uncle i dont understand what you say. Is it sso big! 7 inches! oh i dont believe this. the children have hardly 0ne inch thing." 
" Ohh Reena believe me! its & inches average." 
" Uncle i will believe it if you show me some penis and that its really so BIG. Do you have one Uncle?" 
" Ohh Reena what are you asking? all males have penis and females vagina. Yes i have one and to be frank it is 9 inches. i know you wont believe this unless you see it. You are very ccurrious girl Reena. and i cant show you my penis." 
"Uncle whats the harm in showing me so that i will learn this. i will understand what penis is and how it works.Please uncle show me." 
Readers what should i have done? scolded her or driven her out Or told her parents? I did nothing of that sort but coolly reemoved the book from my lap and showed her the bulge it had formed. 
" Reena see my penis has formed this bulge and you can judge how big it is. here let me show you so that you will see the actual thing." 
Reena looked at my bulge and her eyes became bright. she looked at my bulge and just to make sure there was something below it. she placed her tiny hand over it. MY GOD! i felt electric current pass through my body and my cock twitched, giving out precome aand coating my cock head with it. i asked Reena to remove the zip and she removed it and pushed her hand inside. her hand touched my cock over the shorts and i was in a hurry to show it to reena. so i pushed my hand inside my shorts and took out my cock. my cock jumped free and stood erect to her gaze. 
" Uncle it is very big! ohhh! it is more than 9 inches. ohh yes it is covered by sheath ass you said.does this goes in female vagina? and does it remain so hard all the times?" 
"Silly Reena! it is hard because of you. you made it hard and it will remain hard till it gives out sperm in the vagina." 
"Uncle what did i do? I am female so i dont have this but i dont know how i made it hard. please uncle tell me where it goes?" 
as we were doing this erotic study, the door to my room was knocked and i asked who it was. 
"Uncle I am Sarika! can i come in?" 
OHH hell! i put my cock back in the pant and pushed my shirt down to hide the erction. reena smiled and weent to open the door for her friend. Sarika came inside with reena and said hello to me. i could hardly speak with the condition of my cock but said hello to her. 
" Sarika! uncle was teaching me reproduction in mammals and as we read he told that penis enters the vagina of female and gives out sperms. ovem fertilises and the baby is developed. Huuu! i just understood what a penis is!" Reena said looking at my bulge. 
"How did u understand this about penis, Reena?"Sarika asked. 
I just compelled Uncle to show me how it looks like. he showed me his penis and wow! it is BIG. with red head and a sheath over it. want to see it Sarika?" 
"Yes Reena. Please show me how it looks like so that i will understand it too. uncle Please show it to me too." 
Hey girls you will surely spoil me! you are minors and if anybody catches me showing you my penis i will be handed over to the police! OK lock the door and i will show you." 
Saariks locked the door and stood near me. i again unzipped and pulled out my penis it was more hard and the cock head was all wet. 
" See Sarika this is the penis. this is the glans, this is the sheath and the egg like things are my testicles, where the sperms are born. see it. it goes in the vagina of a female and gives baby." 
"Wwow uncle its wonderful! its big too. can i feel it? it must be soft to touch abut hard to feel." 
"Go ahead and touch it but be ready to feel the wetness on your hands." 
Sarika caught my cock in her hand and traced her fingers over entire length of it. she then took my balls in her palm and caressed my scrotum. i was about to explode but somehow controlled it. 
" Reena feel it. it is very nice. Uncle has such a nice penis. see the veins running here and there. see the hair at the base. WOW its so nice. come feel it." 
Reena too placed her hand alongside her friends and both caressed my cock for quite sometime. then reena instinctively placed her nose near my cock and smelled it. 
" uncle it smells nice. can i taste it? can i put my mouth there?" 
Come on do anything you like with my cock! do it fast or someone will come in!" 
Reena took my cockhead in her mouth and Sarika kissed my shaft. reena then took the entire cock head and chewed it. OOOOOOOOhhh i was about to explode. Sariks took my balls in her mouth and nibbled on each one. i had to do something now before i was spent! 
I pushed my hand in the skirt of reena and searched for her cunny. i found the fleshy mound over the panties and pushed my hand inside to feel the bald pussy of reena. It was fleshy with symetrical labia on either side. very fine hair had started to grow over the young pussy and the slit was tender. her belly was flat and tapered into the small cunt on her. i was mad now and got up hurriedly pushing up reenas skirt and exposing her cunt. 
" This is the female sex organ and this is the vagina. see my finger goes in here. yes this is vagina and the cock ggoes here like this." 
I stood behind reena and placed my cock head at the opening of her cunt and pushed it inside. The cunt was tight, sealed for cock and i had to struggle hard just to push my cock head in. Reena had closed her mouth tightly to stop any sound escaping it. Sarika was standing close to us watching and rubbing her own pussy. reena pushed her ass back like a reaal bitch and more of my cock went in. i did not waant to breaak her hymen which i felt so i just fucked her with my cock head and ejaculated my sperm outside her cunt on her asss. 
sarika was hot too and she immediaately came to me and sucked my cock to hardness and pushed her ass on my hard cock. 
I rubed my cock over her asshole and she wanted me to fuck it instead of her vagina as she was afraid it will make baby. i spread her ass cheeks and spatt on her hole to make it wet. now reena was pressing sarika's boobs and urging her to get the cock in her ass. 
"come on Sariksa take uncles penis in your hole. it feels nice. lovely ecsatatic and silly tooo. come of mate with uncle. Push your ass back as i did come on sarika. make uncle lose sperms!" 
I managed to put 2 inch of my cock in that prohibited territory and fucked that asshole for sometime. it was damn tooo tight! wow what a luck! one small pussy and one small asshole in one day! 
I fucked her and dropped my sperm over her buttocks. i was exhausted! Man these were real bitches! 
Both Reena and sarika came to me regularly aand i fucked them, without breaaking their Hymen! In the ass, in mouth or just rubbing my cock in the cunt, over the cunt over the hard breasts. All ssorts of things we did 
So any body interested?? 
 


 
HI Friends
Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgrup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex! And even to fulfill your fantacies in real life. Just call me and i will be there!Jeevan
