A few years ago I was living in a nice suburban neighborhood in the south. I was single and I had a large two story home.
The couple that lived next to me was in their late 30's. They had two kids. One just started either the first or second grade and the other was about 12. The wife didn't work and was a stay at home mom.
I traveled a good amount for my job. My job also had a benefit of a good number of vacation days. On my days off I liked to stay home and relax.
It was late August and the kids had started back to school. I had just returned from a two week trip overseas and I was exhausted. It was a Friday, and since I just flew back home, I had taken the day off. I slept in until almost 10.
I woke up and the sun was out. It was a beautiful day. I got out of bed and walked over to my bedroom window. I looked out at my backyard. Everything looked peaceful.
I looked into my neighbors yard and saw the wife out in the back yard. She was standing on her back deck. She was wearing some black booty shorts and a tight white top. She had on running shoes. She looked like she just got in from a workout. She was blonde. She was about 5'6" and had an athletic body.
My neighbors had a nice backyard. It was secluded with a bunch of trees surrounding the side and back of their yard. On my side there wasn't as many trees. My bedroom window was really the only place you could see into their backyard. They had an in-ground swimming pool.
The wife's name was Jenny. I had only met her a few times and she was always very friendly to me.
I watched Jenny walk around her deck. It looked like she was picking up loose sticks that had fallen from the rain storm the night before. I watched her bend over to pick up a branch and noticed how short her workout shorts were. They were very short. They fit right on her ass. They came down right to the bottom of her ass checks.
I left my bedroom and went down to the kitchen to make coffee. I couldn't stop thinking about Jenny. She looked so sexy in those shorts. She was all I could think about.
I ran back upstairs and looked back out the window. I couldn't find her. She had gone inside. So I waited. After about five minutes she walked back out on her deck. She was talking on her cell phone while pacing around. She was still wearing the black booty shorts and white shirt.
I watched her get off the phone and put it down on the patio table. The day was starting to get warm. She was squinting her eyes looking around at her pool. The sun was bright. I was enjoying watching her. I was also getting turned on.
Jenny walked from her deck down to the pool and checked the pool skimmer. She got down on her knees with her ass facing me. She was reaching down in the skimmer to clean it out. Those booty shorts went right up her ass. Her ass checks were on full display.
Jenny finished cleaning the skimmer and stood up. She did not adjust her shorts. Her body looked so sexy with her shorts high up in her ass. I watched her walk around. I was getting hard watching her. She had no clue anyone could see her.
I watched Jenny walk back up to her deck and stop at her patio table. I watched her put both hands behind her back. I wasn't sure what she was doing. She seemed to be working on something. Then one hand came back up front and went up the front of her shirt. Her hand grabbed her bra and pulled it out from the bottom of her shirt. She put her bra on the patio table.
I watched Jenny take off her bra and she was only in her white top and black shorts. She was facing away from me. I got as close to the blinds as I could, trying to look out the window and see her. She was still walking around her back yard but was not facing me. She walked around to the other side of her house. I lost sight of her. She then reappeared walking back towards her deck.
Jenny's shirt was tight and I got a clear look at her walking back my direction. She has D cup breasts. They were also very firm. She most likely has had a boob job. As she walked toward me they didn't move very much, but I could see a great impression of her boobs.
I watched Jenny for about five more minutes. She worked in her back yard doing various things. I was getting more and more turned on.
I stepped back from the window and took a deep breath. I walked to my bedroom closet and put on some gym shorts and a shirt. I combed my hair and brushed my teeth. I walked back to the window and checked to make sure she was still there.
I looked out the window and saw Jenny holding a small towel. It was getting hot outside and she was sweating. She wiped her forehead with the towel. She then lifted her shirt up right to her breasts. The bottom of her breasts were exposed. I could not see her nipples. She took the towel and wiped the sweat between her breasts. My cock was throbbing at the sight of that.
I walked downstairs and looked around my kitchen. I was frantically thinking. I had to find some reason to go next door.
I walked out of my house and quickly cut through the yards up to my neighbors door. I was nervous. I still wasn't exactly sure what I was going to say.
I rang the doorbell. I waited. I thought about looking stupid and thought about leaving. The door opened. Jenny stood there smiling.
"Hi, how are you?" Jenny said smiling. "Sorry I'm out of breath, I ran from the backyard to come answer the door.
"I'm great, Sorry to bother you. I was cooking breakfast and realized I was short an egg. Would it be possible to get one?" I asked.
I was nervous. That was all I could think of. It seemed like a neighborly thing to ask.
"Sure, come on in." Jenny said.
"Thanks, sorry to ask. I saw you pull up and knew you were home and I was going to drive to the store but just thought I'd ask you first." I said.
"It's no problem at all." Jenny said as I followed her to the kitchen.
I could tell when Jenny answered the door she didn't have a bra on. Her shirt was tight. She didn't try to cover up at first. I think I caught her off guard.
Walking to the kitchen I noticed her booty shorts were still fairly high up on her ass. Her butt checks were still showing a good bit. I also noticed the air conditioning was on. It was much cooler inside the house than outside. She was not facing me as I followed her to the kitchen. I noticed her look down a time or two and bring her hand up to her shirt. She looked like she was trying to brush dirt off her shirt at her nipple areas. I knew then that she realized she didn't have a bra on and her nipples were getting harder. I was anticipating her turning around.
Jenny and I walked to the kitchen making small talk about her house saying which room was which as we passed by. She walked up to the refrigerator and looked inside.
"Will two work? Or do you need three?" Jenny asked as she looking into her refrigerator.
"Two is perfect." I replied.
While Jenny was reaching in to get the eggs, my eyes were glued to Jenny's ass. As she leaned in her shorts rode up just a little. She has a firm, sexy ass. She turned to talk to me and I tried to bring my eyes back up to make eye contact as quickly as possible but I got caught. I looked at her ass just a moment to long.
My eyes made contact with Jenny's and she knew I was looking at her ass. My eyes opened a little wider as I realized she knew. She gave me a little grin. I apologized and smiled but then my eyes could not help but pivot down to her breasts. Her shirt was tight, and her boobs were large. Her nipples were hard and poking out at me. Between the colder air in the house and the cold air of the refrigerator her nipples were poking out of her shirt.
"Whoops." Jenny said as she covered her breasts with her hands.
Jenny looked around the room as though she were looking for something to cover her up.
"Cold air will do that." I joked.
"Yes it does." Jenny said nodding and still looking around.
"It's not noticeable" I told her pretending like her nipples weren't poking out at me. "Seriously, it's all good. You can't tell anything."
"I should probably put another shirt on or something." Jenny said as she was still covering her breasts.
"I shouldn't have come over unannounced." I said still trying to make her feel better. "Don't worry about it though. It happens to everyone."
"I know, it's just I don't know you that well. Jenny said.
"What a great way to get to know each other better." I said smiling.
"Yes, sure, perfect way to get to know your neighbor better."
"You realize you are still holding your breasts with an egg in each hand?" I said with a smile.
"Yes, I realize that." Jenny said smiling and starting to be less nervous. "I guess I shouldn't be worrying about it. We are both adults."
"I have seen women without a bra before." I said flirting. "As beautiful as you are, I can still handle myself. I promise not to stare."
Jenny lowered her hands from her breasts. Her nipples were still very hard and poking out of her shirt. I couldn't help but stare.
"Excuse me!!" Jenny said.
My eyes left her breasts and made eye contact with Jenny.
"Ummm...what happened to not staring?" Jenny asked smiling.
"I just, ummm, it's just. Well, you have perfect breasts." I blurted out.
"What?" Jenny asked with a confused look on her face.
"They are amazingly perfect. I mean, wow". I replied.
There was a pause as Jenny looked at me. Jenny asked "you really think so?"
"Yes I do!" I replied.
"No, they are not perfect." Jenny said as she was now looking down at her breasts.
"You can so pull off this look. You should go bra less all the time." I said confidently.
"Whatever." Jenny smirked back.
"Really, you should. It's a sexy look. You are probably one of the only a few women who can pull it off. Your beasts just have that build that look good in clothes without a bra." I stated.
"Why don't we keep this conversation about my breasts to ourselves. I really don't want my husband to know we were talking about this. Much less me standing in front of you like this." Jenny said.
"I understand. This stays with us." I replied.
"Here are your eggs." Jenny said as she handed me the eggs.
Jenny started walking towards the door and I followed.
"Thank you for the eggs!" I said as I walked out the front door.
"Thank you for the compliments!" Jenny said with a big smile as she closed the door behind me.
I rushed home and ran upstairs to my bedroom to look out the window. Thirty minutes went by and Jenny had not returned to the backyard. I waited patiently and soon she walked back out on her deck.
Jenny had on a swimsuit. It was a very skimpy swimsuit. The tops barely covered her breasts. The bottoms were such little material I had to look hard to see any off it. The back of the bottoms covered only a small portion of her ass. The front of her bottoms covered her pussy and nothing more. It was the lowest cut bikini I had ever seen. She also had on a pair of sunglasses.
Jenny walked over and got a lounge recliner and positioned it flat but facing me. She then sat down on the recliner facing in my direction. I stepped back from the window. I was worried she could see me. She propped her head up on a towel and looked right at my window. With the sunglasses I couldn't tell if she was looking at me or if her eyes were closed.
I waited a few moments and moved back up closer to the window. She laid there on the chair with her legs slightly spread. I was so turned on. My cock was hard. I reached down and grabbed myself. I slowly stroked my cock as I watched her. She has such an amazing body. Except for the tiny piece of material she was wearing, she was basically naked.
I wanted to go down and talk to her again but I wasn't sure what to do. I couldn't figure out if she was out there wanting me to look at her or if she had no clue I was watching her.
I pulled my shorts down and pulled out my cock. I stepped closer to the window. She was looking right at me. I still couldn't tell if she knew I was watching her or if her eyes were closed with those sunglasses.
As I was stroking my cock in the window, Jenny sat up. She undid her swimsuit top and took it off. I almost came watching her take off her top. Her breasts were amazing. She grabbed some suntan lotion and started rubbing it seductively on her breasts.
Jenny was looking my direction and suddenly stopped putting lotion on and put her top back on. She then reached down and grabbed her phone.
My phone started ringing. It was Jenny. I was nervous. I thought I had been caught.
"Hello." I answered in a nervous voice.
"Hi, this is Jenny." She said calmly.
"Yes, hi. Everything ok?" I asked.
"I'm sorry to bother you, I'm sure you are in the middle of cooking your eggs, but I wanted to see if you could help me out with something?" Jenny asked.
"Sure, what do you need?" I said more confidently after realizing she wasn't calling because I got caught watching her.
"Could you come over? It will only take two minutes of your time and that's all I need." Jenny said in a flirty voice.
"Sure, I'll be right there." I said as I was pulling up my shorts.
"I'm in the backyard and the side gate is unlocked. Come in on the side of the house." Jenny explained.
"Yes, see you in a second." I said.
I ran down the stairs and out the front door. I hurried through the side gate and walked into her backyard. I slowed down when I saw her in the swimsuit.
"Hey" I said as I walked up.
"Thanks for coming over." Jenny said with a huge smile.
"No problem. How can I help?" I said.
"Ok, I was hoping you could help with putting lotion on my back. I hate to ask but I don't want to get burned and I knew you were home. I hope you don't think it's to forward of me to ask." Jenny said.
"Sure. I'd love to help. I'm glad you asked." I replied.
"I was just thinking since your already saw me earlier, maybe you would be ok with putting lotion on me???" Jenny questioned.
"No problem. Where's the bottle?" I answered.
"Here you go." Jenny said as she handed me the bottle. "I really need you to get my back."
Jenny got up and adjusted her recliner so it was flat. The recliner had a nice cushion top. She laid down on her stomach.
I squirted some lotion in my hand and kneeled down next to Jenny. I slowly started applying lotion to her back.
"This feels great. You have strong hands. I'd let you do this all day long." Jenny said.
"Well, I love doing this. You just relax. I'll take care of you." I replied.
"Mmmm, ok." Jenny said in a lower voice as she was enjoying herself.
I started with her shoulders. I was feeling her body as I worked my way down to the middle of her back. I was working around the strap to her swimsuit top.
"I can make it easier for you if you want." Jenny said.
"Yes, easier works for me." I replied.
Jenny got up on her knees, her back still towards me. She undid her swimsuit top. She dropped it to the side and laid back down flat on her stomach.
"That will be a big help!" I said with a grin.
"Great, I hope your not uncomfortable doing this." Jenny said.
"Not at all." I said in a confident voice like it wasn't a big deal to be putting lotion on the back of a super hot married woman who just undid her top.
"Are you comfortable the way you are seated?" Jenny asked.
"Ummm, yes, kinda." I answered.
"Well, this feels great, so make yourself comfortable. If you need to straddle me to rub it in better it's ok." Jenny said.
I took off my shirt and shoes and only left on my shorts. I had forgotten to put on underwear and my shorts were a thin mesh material. I straddled Jenny with my knees on the sides of her, right at her hips. I started rubbing lotion again on her back. I moved down to her lower back and also moved myself back some so that I was now straddling her and sitting right below her ass. My cock was already very hard. As I put lotion on her lower back I moved my body into hers. My cock pushed up against her ass.
"That feels so good." Jenny said as she was laying there.
"I'm going to get your full body." I told her hoping she would not object.
"Ok." Jenny said.
I put more lotion on my hand and worked her lower back. I made sure to rub my cock against her ass as I was working her lower back. Her swimsuit bottom was tied on each side. I untied one side and lifted it up to rub lotion on her butt cheek.
"Wait." Jenny said as her hand went back. "Those need to stay on."
"I'll tie it back as soon as I'm finished putting on the lotion." I told her. "I understand, we're just having fun, I'm not crossing that line."
"Ok, I'm married. This is fun, but I'm married." Jenny said.
"You just tell me when to stop and I'll stop." I told her.
"Ok, it feels great. You feel great. We just can't do anything. I've probably already gone to far as it is. Maybe we should stop?" Jenny said questioning.
"No, no, all is good. Just helping with lotion. Completely innocent. This is no big deal." I reassured her.
I kept putting lotion on her ass. I leaned back on my knees so I could really massage her ass. She went back to enjoying herself. My hands worked their way over to the other butt cheek. I untied that side of her swimsuit bottom.
"Did you just untie the other side?" Jenny asked.
"It's ok, I'm almost finished and I'll tie them both back." I replied.
"You are so bad. Your going to get me in trouble." Jenny said flirting.
"Naw, all is ok." I said flirting back.
Jenny was still on her stomach and I started working on Jenny's upper thighs. My hand went between her legs. My finger grazed her pussy, which was shaved smooth.
"Hey now, that was close." Jenny said.
"I'm just working your thighs." I replied.
I moved from her upper thighs back to her ass. I Slightly spread her ass checks and her legs. Each time I touched her pussy just a little bit. I then pushed my two fingers into her pussy. I went in and out. After fingering her I went right back to massaging her ass. I felt her move when I entered her pussy. She moved just enough to let me know I wasn't supposed to be there but not enough to stop me.
After massaging her ass I went back down to her pussy again. This time I stayed. Both fingers went deep inside her. She was very wet. Jenny's hands gripped the chair as my fingers entered her.
"Oh, you should not be doing this." Jenny moaned as she grabbed the chair in pleasure.
I kept fingering her pussy as Jenny spread her legs to give me better access. After spreading her legs for a moment or two Jenny's hand then came back and stoped mine.
"We can't do this. I can't do this. I'm sorry." Jenny said with her face still downward as she held my hand from fingering her.
"I understand. I just wanted it to feel good to you." I said in a lower more seductive voice.
"Oh, it feels good, but that's not the issue." Jenny quickly said.
Jenny was still face down and ass arched up. She hesitantly released my hand.
"Does this feel good to you?" I asked as I slide my fingers back into her pussy.
"God yes!! But, we need to stop. I think it feels to good." Jenny said with her face still down in the cushion.
"Ok, I thought it did." I said.
Jenny covered her face with her hands and spread her legs to give me better access. My fingers kept moving in and out of her.
"I'm going to cum." Jenny moaned. "I can't. This is wrong. Oh god. Don't stop."
I kept fingering her pussy but started to slow up. I then stopped for a second and took off my shorts. Jenny was facing away from me and could not see me taking them off.
"Please don't stop. This is it though. Nothing further." Jenny said with her head still in the cushion. "We cant do any more than this. This is so wrong. I shouldn't even be allowing this. You are just so good with your fingers."  
I moved Jenny up so her ass was about the height on my crotch. She was on her knees and I was behind her. My fingers were going in and out of her. While fingering her, I got on my knees behind her positioning my cock just inches from her pussy.
"God, this feels so good. Your about to make me cum." Jenny moaned.
"I want you to cum." I told her.
I stopped fingering her and positioned my cock right up against her pussy. The tip of my cock was entering her.
"What are you doing?" Jenny asked.
"It's nothing, just changing up my position. Does it feels good?" I asked.
"Yes it does. Don't stop, make me cum." Jenny said as she pushed herself back on me. Her pussy moving back on my cock. My cock half way entering her."
"Fuck, that feels good." Jenny moaned with her face down.
"You are so wet!" I told her.
"Is that your finger? It feels so much thicker." Jenny asked.
"It was my finger." I replied.
"Oh god, I'm about to cum!!" Jenny yelled.
My cock was now deep inside her. I was on my knees fucking her doggie style.
"Fuck!! Oh fuck." Jenny was moaning.
Jenny was realizing I was not fingering her anymore but was now fucking her.
"Oh god. It that your cock in me? Tell me it's not your cock." Jenny asked while still moving her body with mine enjoying the fuck.
Jenny reached back and felt me thrusting my cock in and out of her.
"Oh god what am I doing???" Jenny said as she looked down into the seat cushion.
At that moment I realized Jenny was rethinking things and she was caught up in the moment. I felt her body leaning forward. I grabbed her hips with both my hands and pulled her back on my cock.
"What you are doing is enjoying a good hard fuck! And I think it's one you need." I said.
My cock was so hard and I was pounding into the back of her. I was almost ready to cum. Jenny was also on the verge of cumming. Jenny was so turned on she couldn't say no. I could see her mind racing. She looked back at me and I thrust deep inside her. I saw her eyes roll back and felt her body tense.
"If you want me to stop, say so. I want to make you cum." I said fucking her harder and harder.
"I'm cumming now!! God, fuck!" Jenny moaned as her head went into the cushion.
I felt Jenny lose control of her body as she started to orgasm. Her cumming turned me on more than I could handle. I gave one last hard push up inside her and came.
We laid there for a few moments. I got up from behind her. Jenny was exhausted.
"Are you ok?" I asked her.
"No." Jenny replied.
"Everything will be ok. I'll never say a word about this. I promise." I told her.
Jenny rolled over and faced me. "I believe your not going to say anything. My problem is I'm going to want to fuck you everyday now!"
"That's not a bad problem to have." I joked.