“Fourth floor, round tower, west wing. Here we are!” Tarrant comes to a stop in front of a tall set of doors very reminiscent of the entryway to the Luckluster Library. Instead of double door handles, though, a single doorknob rests in the very center, the Lock of Hair set underneath that. It’s an almost perfect blend of Alice’s smooth blonde curls and Tarrant’s frizz, and much smaller than what Alice thought it was going to be. 

She turns to her husband, a question on her lips, but he is in the process of lifting the Key away from his neck. He looks at the Key in his hands, to the door, and then to Alice.

“Let me go first,” she offers, reaching out and taking the Key from his grasp, their fingers brushing. 

“Are you certain?” he asks, brows twitching. Alice looks into his eyes, nods. 

“I’m certain,” she says. “Just tell me what to do?” 

“Here,” he steps behind her and directs her closer to the door, curls his body around hers, wraps his arm around hers, his hand atop her own. Together they guide the Key to the Lock. 

“Just insert it… like so,” he says, his breath stirring her hair. “And turn it, one direction or the other; either left or right. Whichever direction you do not take, I shall.” 

“Just… turn it?” Alice confirms. Feeling Tarrant nod behind her, she takes a deep breath, and nudges it to the right. A tenseness she hadn’t been aware he’d been holding on to leaves her husband’s body, and for the first time, she realizes that he hadn’t been certain they’d be able to open the Door.

She turns in the circle of his arms. “I’ll see you soon,” she says.

“Before you know it,” he assures, pressing a swift kiss to her lips. Alice takes a step back, hovering in the open doorway. Then she stands on her tiptoes, grasps either side of Tarrant’s head, lowers it to press a kiss between his brows, and quickly goes through the door.

She stumbles into darkness, her heart thudding against its cage of lungs and ribs. There is no click of the lock, no slow closing of the door. As soon as her body is completely past the barrier, she is engulfed in darkness. Cursing the fashionable heels she’d decided to don that day instead of any of her numerous pairs of practical slippers (this had seemed to be an Event to Tarrant, and she’d thought to look her best) as she skitters onto slick, hard floor, she pin-wheels her arms until finally she finds traction in the form of what feels to be a rug. 

After this experience she walks gingerly, feeling her way along until she comes to a wall. From there she pats and moves about carefully, searching for something, anything with which to light the space.

This is supposed to be a room at the Bottom of her Heart, isn’t it? Why then is there nothing but darkness and, apparently, a rug here? She’s encountered no furniture, no paintings, nothing hanging on the walls—none of the things that would comprise a Room. Nor yet has her hand touched pulsating, living flesh, and come away bloody, so she must assume she is not literally in a Heart, either. (One never knew with Underland, did they?) She stops when she comes to what feels like a corner, props herself into it, and takes a deep breath. 

“I want to see,” she says, and she feels something almost… disagree … with her. There are no words spoken, no music, no chimes, not even a cold breeze…just the feeling that the room is calling her a liar. 

“Well, the Bottom of One’s Heart sounds like a frightful thing, when you really think about it,” Alice defends to the empty air. “Who knows what one might find there? Why, I could have bad, evil things lurking in this darkness.” 

Once again, she has a feeling seep into her from the room. This feels distinctly like… exasperation. 

“If you won’t show me what am I supposed to think?” Alice snaps, feeling very silly for talking to a fancy of her own imagination. “Show me, then! I want to see !” 

A tiny pinprick of light appears in front of her vision, almost blinding her after such a period of absolute darkness. The light – not a proper light, really, just a wisp of a thing – dances as if directed to by an unfelt breeze or the will of an unseen hand. The Will o’ the Wisp bobs in front of her, once, twice, and then begins to float in a bouncing, unhurried fashion in the opposite direction from which she had been facing. Alice turns and stumbles after it.

She walks for what feels like a very long time. It seems she had been incorrect in thinking she had already entered her room; her current location is better described as a hallway, instead.

At times the ceiling becomes so low that she has to get on her hands and knees and crawl after the light. Alice fears that the space she is in will narrow to the point where she will get stuck, unable to follow the light further, and unable to turn around to go back the way she ’d come. 

Still she continues on, holding her breath in some spots to squeeze through, tumbling down sudden drops when they come, and climbing upwards when the floor inclines. She is starting to become very tired, very thirsty, and very cranky with herself for wearing a fancy dress (for Tarrant!) when all she seems to be doing is scrambling around in the dark (by herself! The blighter isn’t even here with her!) after a irritating cheerful ball of light and—! 

“Where is Tarrant?” she finally exclaims, her arms shaking with exhaustion. The orb pauses, taps the end of her nose, and then rushes forward. The ceiling opens up over her head and Alice hurries to her feet as she runs after the Will o’ the Wisp. 

She slams into a hard surface. The breath whooshes out of her as she falls to the ground. The orb swirls in front of her eyes, then goes towards the space she’d run into. Groaning, Alice rolls up onto her knees, watches as the light swirls about in front of something protruding from the wall, and gasps when it slips through the wall underneath said protuberance. 

It is another door!

Alice dives for the handle, uses it to hoist herself to her feet once more, twists the door open...

And winces as she is admitted into a room bathed in low, warm light. A set of wall sconces lit with fat white pillar candles provide this light and, low though it is, it still stings her eyes. Alice can smell tuberose and lavender, and she steps completely in with no hesitation. The room is… surprising. When one is told they’d be seeing the Bottom of One’s Heart, they don’t instinctually think of a calm sitting room with an unlit fireplace and a slight chill in the air. 

Plus, there ’ s the Wallpaper. 

Alice had always thought of wallpaper as an unnecessary luxury, but the walls in this room are positively plastered with it. Large cabbage roses intermingle with twisting vines, their faces frozen in expressions of pleased joy that she’s certainly never seen on any real Underlandian rose. This wallpaper covers the upper half the walls; the lower half is covered with heavy dark wainscoting, battered as if many chairs had been placed along the lengths for several years. Right now, though, only one chair sits against the wall. 

It is a battered armchair, covered in green velvet. The back extends high enough that should a person sit in it, the top of their head would only rest in the middle. The armrests are worn, the threads of velvet barely holding together under the strain of time. 

An empty picture frame, round and gold and heavily ornate, hangs on the wall just behind the chair. Alice walks up to it, touches the edge of the frame, feels that it was carved of wood instead of molded out of plaster, as she’d expected. 

A small round table sits beside the chair and to the left of the empty picture frame. A small chipped tea pot and two mismatched (but still blue!) cups and saucers sit upon it. She drifts closer to it; the table looks so familiar. 

Hadn’t her mother kept something similar, once, in the second parlor? She’d always admired that table, but it had been chucked when the French style went out of fashion again; from what she can recall, Helen’s brief Moroccan phase had followed that; or had it been Grecian? 

Dismissing her mother’s questionable decorating adventures as unimportant at the moment, she continues to explore the small space that is her Heart, notes the shelf of knick-knacks on the wall (candle snuffers? Why on earth would Aunt Imogene’s collection of candle snuffers be here ?), the first silhouette Margaret had ever cut of her (she’d lopped off her double’s nose during a sneeze, but that had been just fine with Alice, as she’d been reading Little Women at the time and had been quite disgusted with the way Amy March had been ranting about her nose. Alice had informed Margaret that she’d rather be remembered for having no nose at all, than her vanity over the nose that she had been blessed with!), and there… is that…? 

Underneath the table sits an old battered top hat, but not the top hat with which she’s grown so familiar. No, this one is plain black and made of heavy beaver pelt; the fur is patchy in spots, and the lining, Alice knows, will be half falling out when she turns it over. This is… but Mother had thrown that old thing out years ago, it can’t possibly… 

But this is Underland , Alice reminds herself. Of course it can be . 

She picks the hat up, holds it aloft, turns it this way and that. It appears to be in the same condition exactly as she recalls when she had last looked upon it, right down to the wide cut from an overenthusiastically swung tree branch (wielded by Fiona Chattaway, she recalls with a smile… or had it been Faith?) that had been her mother’s impetus to finally be rid of the dear thing. 

“Hrm,” she hums, setting the hat on the seat of the armchair. Taking a moment to simply look at how right that scene is, she then shakes herself and turns her attention to the cold hearth. There is a large pile of wood beside it in a metal cage basket. Where is the coal? Alice hunts for a bucket but can’t find one.

“Well, this presents a problem,” she worries her lower lip, then shrugs and picks up a log. She places it on the fire grate. How hard could this be?

Standing, she walks over to one of the candles in the sconces, reaches up for the wax pillar, grasps it, and attempts to pull it down... but it sticks fast. She tugs a bit harder, but the candle and the sconce itself refuses to move. Alice huffs, frustrated. There does not appear to be any paper in the room, nothing that she could alight and then take to the fire. But there are sticks, after all! She exerts quite a bit of effort – and strained muscles – over attempting to get the end of one to catch fire on the candle flame but it merely smolders at her... mockingly.

After her experimentation with the candles ends in failure, Alice looks everywhere possible for a sparker and tinder. Around the fireplace, on the floor, even in between the wingback’s cushions—nothing. Her search brings her back to the smoldering stick... and sparks another idea. She decides to try rubbing two sticks together, as Hamish had once suggested doing whilst they were young and troublesome. They’d never made an actual fire with his technique, but once she’d seen him manage to make smoke, and that was much closer to a real fire than what Alice would be able to do armed with nothing but a smile and her imagination. 

Selecting two of the smaller sticks from the kindling, she places one on the floor and holds the other between her hands, and begins rubbing her palms back and forth. Pausing every now and again to blow on the spot where the two sticks meet (as Hamish had seemed to think that was a Very Important step of the whole process), she soon becomes frustrated when her only results to such actions are sore palms and a light head. Alice throws the sticks into the grate, and sits back on her bottom. Arms crossing, she huffs, wondering if her room will just have to be cold, then.

The Will o’ the Wisp comes to her once again; the little light seems to be as exasperated with her as the first presence in the dark hallway had been. It bobs and weaves. Alice gestures to the two sticks she’d been rubbing together and glares at the little weaving ball of light. 

“Why am I failing at this? What could I possibly be not understanding? All I want to do is bloody well light this tam-fooling fire! Tarrant is supposed to eventually see this room, is he not? I will not have him coming into a cold hearth!”

And just like that, flames burst into being around the small log she had placed on the grate. She turns, stares, with her mouth hanging open in a most unladylike manner for moment, and then stands. She stomps her foot.

“Of course!” she shouts, hands in the air. “I just screech about wanting it to be nice for Tarrant, and then you listen to me?” 

Another candle appears in the room, this one a great fat white pillar on the table that had looked so much like her mother’s. Alice pauses, a Thought coming to her.

“Tarrant,” she says, experimentally. Two more sconces decorate the walls, these on the furthest side of the room. 

“Tarrant,” she says again, and a window appears in the west-facing wall. It is night outside, it seems, so the only light it provides is from the twinkling of stars. 

“Tarrant,” she says for a third time, becoming quite frightened. She walks up to the window, her hands shaking badly. 

There, outside, the sun is rising. 

Stepping backward, she shakes her head. Is it her imagination, or is the room… larger, now, as well? She takes another step back, bumps into something, and gives a very embarrassing squeak of alarm. Glad for the moment that there is no one present to see the Champion of Underland sounding more like a Mouse than Mallymkun, she swallows a deep breath and turns around to see what she had bumped into. 

Turns, and freezes. That had most definitely not been there before. 

A dress form sits, looking benign, in the very center of her Heart. Despite the long draped sheet over the form, she can tell it is decorated with… something. What, she is not certain, but the idea of lifting that sheet and discovering what it is fills her both the desire to do it immediately and satisfy her curiosity, and the irrational thought that it needs to stay covered, to stay hidden. The form is picked up, lifted, and dragged to the other side of the room before she really considers her actions. 

Placed there, in the only space that is still completely shadowed, the dress form does not inspire such feelings of tightened panic in her chest. She can still feel that emotion there, muscles faintly trembling. 

“It is just a sheet over a dress. Stop being so silly and melodramatic and just look, Alice.” 

She grasps the bottom edge of the sheet, and before she can talk herself out of it, lifts it up and over the frame, revealing what rests underneath. 

A full set of widow’s weeds. 

They are very proper London weeds; a high-neck collar, long sleeves, sedate train. A pair of delicate black gloves and an unusual lady’s top hat decorated with a mourning veil are included; the gloves are tucked into the front pocket of the dress, and the hat sits atop the form. She takes a step back, swallows, and just as quickly as she’d uncovered it, re-covers the dress, and backs away. Alice tells herself that she had not seen the initials stitched onto the handkerchief that pokes out of the right sleeve, and that she had not recognized the top hat as uniquely Underlandian. 

“AKH,” she stutters under her breath. Turning her back on the dress form and all that it silently suggests to her, Alice sees a door shimmer, then solidify, in a space that had formerly been blank wall. It is a welcome distraction, and one that she pounces on.

“Hello there,” she greets the door. The handle feels cool and smooth under her palm, and clicks open with little resistance. “Let's see where you lead, shall we?”