Doppleganger VIII by Geek Writer
*******************************
Read the other stories to figure out where we are:)
Copyright 2002@ by ME!!!DON'T COPY PLEASE!!!
*******************************

"And so among vessels, you are something of an enigma, Jennifer,"  I said as I leaned back on the couch, dressed in a robe and slippers, still in my Candy persona.  Maintaning my balance as a she-male wasn't easy so I had traded my cock for a pussy and brought Jasmine and Jennifer down to the parlour to discuss things.  James had found robes for them both and after serving some coffee to us all, sat next to me.

I had just finished explaining that James and I had abilities that allowed us to change not only our own shapes, but those of others.  James's ability had been seriously impaired when he had a car accident, and had elected to stay on as a manservant to the new Doppleganger that would take his place, namely me.  I was finding that while in the Candy persona that I was comfortable with,  Jennifer, a newly admitted vessel, would be most at ease.  I had to admit, that I was my own fantasy as well.  Thick long blonde hair framed a model's face, accompanied by a playboy model's body.  Shit, I'd fuck me if I could...

Anyway, back to the story...

Jennifer was sipping her coffee puzzling things over.  "So you are saying if I want to, I can change my body into a porno star, just like that?"

I nodded.  "Normally no, I would have to do that.  As a vessel, you can hold my fluid and take a change from me.  Jasmine is one, and my liason as well.  Not all vessel's are as strong as her, especially you.  You shouldn't be able to change at all except if I touch you and change you like I did in the foyer a while ago."

"But you can sweetie, somehow.  I sure would love to know how you do it..." Jasmine said, curled up next to Jennifer.  I had noticed that even after Jennifer had assumed her natural form, a slightly plump woman in her 30's, Jasmine still had a gleam in her eye for her.  

"Jasmine" I said.  When she looked at me I held out my hand.  She took it, knowing I wanted to try to change her.  I tried to change her body slightly and found I couldn't do it.  She shook her head saying, "It's been over 30 minutes baby.  You'll need to recharge me..." she finished with a wicked grin.  I thought about the fact that Jasmine was actually a man named Duncan, and found myself chuckling inside.

Instead of injecting her with my fluid the way most of my kind do, through seminal fluid as a man or lubrication as a woman, I secreted some through my hand into her.  I grew her hair longer than before just to make sure I could do it.

I sat up and took Jen's hand saying "Jen, try to change back into a man.  Just think of him while I monitor you.  I won't give you anymore fluid right now, I want to see if you can do it without it."  I felt her body tense up as I began reading her thoughts.  "Relax" I said as I tried to see what was happening to her body.

I noticed that I could 'see' her body a little differently, like there were lights in certain places.  Her head glowed with a whitish aura, her body with a golden one.  As the white light grew stronger, I noticed the golden glow diminish.  She was trying harder, but not succeeding.  I turned my enhanced sight on James, who glowed mostly white, but certain parts of him were a greyish color.

I turned the sight on Jasmine who glowed all golden.  She was golden all around the edges of her body, but it shone like a light from within.  Just seeing Jennifer's colors told me she was a bit different, but sort of halfway between me and Jasmine.  An idea occurred to me.

"Jasmine, would you show Jennifer where the extra bedroom is?  I am sure she's pretty tired and I need to think about some things."  She nodded, taking Jennifer's hand.  I was sure that they would have no problem keeping each other busy.  James stood up and began to clear things away.

"James," I interrupted as he was about to walk out with a tray.  "Sit down please."

When he did, I took his hand and secreted some of my fluid.  He smiled at me and shook his head.  "Already tried it with someone, didn't work."  I reached out to feel his body, and I could feel the damages.  I knew there wasn't anything I could do.  I tried to change him like a vessel, but that didn't work either.  I did catch a few of his fantasies and stored them away for future use.  I patted him on the hand, gave him a peck on the cheek, and got up.

I made my way upstairs, a thought occurring to me.  I hurried down the hallway to the spare bedroom to find Jennifer on her knees between Jasmine's thighs, licking away at her bush.  Jasmine had pulled one foot on the bed and had the other draped over Jennifer's shoulder.  The look of lust in her eyes was magnetic.  My pussy got wet at once.  Shedding my robe and teddy, I began to run my fingers through my trimmed blond pubic hair, just leaning in the door, taking in the view.  After a minute or two, Jasmine's eyes came into focus and she beckoned me with her hand.  I slid up onto the bed, kissing her deeply, rubbing her firm dark breast with my hand.  She returned the favor with my fuller softer one, our tongues teasing one another as Jennifer licked Jasmine's dark slit.

She lay down on the bed and pulled me on top of her until our tits mashed together.  Jennifer's hands began to explore my slit, making me moan into Jasmine's open mouth.  I licked and nibbled on Jasmine's neck as i felt Jennifer's tongue probe into the folds of my vagina.  I rolled over onto my side, pulling Jennifer's hand so she would join us.  

We moved around until all three of us had a mouthful of womanly love and began to go to town.  Jennifer's tongue was obviously used to probing around a woman, it drove me wild.  I matched her movements on Jasmine's dark pussy, causing her to squirm as I touched the tight anal ring of her ass with a finger.  I mashed my whole face into Jasmine's pussy as Jennifer found my clit, driving me wild.  We all must have been fairly close because we all came within seconds of one another.

As we lay on our backs, I outlined an idea I had that would pay James back in spades for his advice with Jennifer's fantasy.  They heartily agreed, so I changed their forms to conincide with James's own fantasies.  Jennifer was now 6 feet of powerful woman.  Her huge breasts jutted out proudly from her powerfully built new body.  She made a few changes of her own, making her butt a little fuller, and legs a little less muscular and more shapely.  When she was done, I changed into a small asian woman with perky breasts and a nice little ass.  Jasmine was now the picture of an Indian goddess (from india, not american indian), complete with shapely thighs and breasts and an ass people would die for.

James's favorite fantasy starred three different women pleasing them in their own special way.  As excited as we were, we decided to wait until the next morning to put it into play.  We all went to sleep which was difficult since we all wanted each other, but we finally fell asleep.

I heard James walking around the house fairly early and got out of bed without waking the other two.  For my part, it would involve massaging and relaxing his body and then taking him to paradise.  I went to the closet and pulled out a kimono-like robe and slipped it on.  As with the other piece of clothing, it somehow shrunk and formed to my bodysize.  I made a mental note to ask James about this after all was finished.

I went to the mirror and made my skin a little whiter and applied some powder and makup.  Using jade clips, I pulled my hair into an elaborate headress.  It was strange how the changes in my body also instilled pieces of knowledge, like how to use makeup, or do my hair, or do certain things.

I went to the bed and touched Jasmine lightly on the shoulder.  When she opened her eyes, she smiled lazily and pulled me down for a kiss.  "Don't want to mess up the makeup..." I said, slipping out of her grasp.  Her supple full lips were totally inviting, but I wanted to save it for James.  "Be ready in the room across the hall in two hours," I said, licking her nipple as I left the room.

I went down the hall and opened the bathroom door.  Inside was a huge oldfashioned tub, a shower, a dressing table, and a long adjustable table.  It seemed that while James was master of the house, he used this bathroom often.  I shortened the legs of the table slightly, and turned on the hot water, testing the temperature.  I waited until it was about half full before shutting it off.  I pulled out some soaps and oils that would come in handy and headed downstairs, closing the door behind me.

I went downstairs softly, wanting to surprise him.  I found him in the kitchen, about to prepare breakfast.  I shifted my vocal chords slightly and spoke with a high whispy voice, with a trace of a japanese accent, "Have you started preparing breakfast, James?"  He turned to face me, dressed in a white shirt, grey slacks and dark shoes.  The tie around his neck was loose and untied around the mostly unbuttoned shirt.  I could see his hairy chest throught he opening as he turned to face me.

"Good morning...." he began, waiting for me to give my name.  He couldn't figure out who I was, and I wasn't about to tell him.  I put out my hand, saying, "Come..."

He began to protest, saying he needed to get things going on breakfast when I stepped forward taking his hand.  "You are not a servant James, and you did a very important service.  Allow me to repay you in some small way..."

I didn't wait for him to answer as I pulled him out of the kitchen and down the hallway.  He took my hand and tucked it through his arm, leading me up the stairs.  "You know Kel, you almost fooled me.  If I hadn't been so adept at reading scents, I might have thought you were Jasmine."  

I smiled, nodding.  I had a pretty smart partner, and I knew that him knowing that I was a man would not affect him, since he had a lot more experience as a doppleganger than I had.  I was realizing that given more time, I probably would have realized that I was bi-sexual.  This way, I could be with anyone, in any shape.  I wondered briefly if I ever had a gay vessel that I was going to fulfill how I would feel.  As with other shapes, I would adapt to find that way of life appealing.

My mental musings were cut short by the sight of the bathroom door.  I opened it slowly and moved James to the table.  I turned the water on hot to warm up the tub and turned back to James.  He stood still, leaning against the table as I looked at him for the first time, taking in his form.  His hair was thick and mostly grey, his body muscular, but not in a body builders way.  I unbuttoned his cuffs and the two buttons holding his shirt closed.  Slowly, I slid it off one shoulder, and then the other.  I could see patches of scar tissue on his chest from his accident, but I ignored them, running my small hands through the thick hair on his chest.  His eyes bored into mine as I smiled at him, reaching for his belt.  He drew one hand up to my cheek, caressing my skin.  His touch was so light, I knew that this would be an amazing experience.  I undid his belt and pants, sliding my hands inside to catch his underwear.  Crouching down as I pulled down his pants, I felt his cock spring out and tap me on the head.  Looking up, I gasped.

His penis was magnificent.    I thought that I had made some good ones in my own and my vessel's changes, but this was a work of art.  It wasn't huge, or 14 inches long.  It was just perfect.  It was about nine inches and about three fingers across, with thick ropy veins running up and down it.  Capped by a rapidly growing dark red head it was getting harder by the second.  I must have been turning him on like crazy because his face flushed as I stood up and stroked it gently with one hand.  I reached over and turned off the water, seeing the steam rise off the surface.  I took his hand and guided him to the tub, trailing my hand over his back as he slid into the water with a satisfied sigh.  I took a dipper and poured water over his head with caused him to slide deeper into the tub.  I repeated it a few times and then picked up the shampoo.

It's amazing how relaxing it is having someone really wash your hair.  I lathered up his hair and then used my nails slightly to massage and scratch every inch of his head.  His salt and pepper hair felt like silk in my hands as I worked my strong fingers around his head.  He Mmmmmm'd several times so I concentrated on those spots for a while.  I picked up the dipper and rinsed off his hair, which he pushed out of his eyes with a lazy hand.

"This is nice, Kel.  I could stay here forever."

I smiled at the relaxed look on his face, his eyes closed as if he were asleep.  I dried my hands and laid a towel across the massage table, pulling the drawer at the end out and setting the face plate in place.  It would allow him to lie face down without hurting his nose.  I pulled open a second drawer full of massage oils and lotions and opened several smelling them.  Choosing one I liked, I stood up and walked over to the tub.  He opened his eyes to see me standing next to him, holding a large towel open.  He smiled and stood slowly, stretching his arms above his head.  He wasn't huge, but he wasn't small either.  He stepped out onto the mat as I wrapped him in the towel.  I led him over to the table and sat him down on it.  I dried his hair and most of his body before directing him to lie down.

I draped the towel over his body, leaving his shoulders uncovered.  He relaxed onto the bed as I put lotion on my hands and massaged it into his shoulders.  I kneaded the muscles slowly and deeply, hearing him sigh from time to time.  "Do you mind if I ask some questions James?"

He mumbled "Shoot", his face lodged in the cushion of the face plate.  

I ran my hands down his spine as I asked, "My clothes, how does that work?"

I heard his back crack as he muttered, "Ahhh nice.  You've done this before?"

"Nope, seems to be inherited with the form.  That's my next question..."

He cleared his throat and licked his lips as he began.  I had worked on the muscles on his left side and switched to the other as he said, "Your being controls things around you.  You can change objects around you slightly, but not totally.  You wouldn't be able to change a leather jacket into a teddy or anything like that.  Though with your ability, you make me look like an amateur, so I don't know you might be able to."  I took the compliment and began massaging the muscles in the back of his right arm.

"The ability to change your clothes is similar to how you change a vessel, it's mostly just a force of will."

"How do I read minds?"

"I don't know how you do that one Kel.  I could read threads, but you are fully able to read thoughts.  Makes it a lot easier for you.  I just knew Jennifer's scent because I used to be bi, and had a lot of friends who were she-male, and trans, and learned the specific scent.  With Jennifer, it was pretty obvious.  As for being able to do things you normally wouldn't be able to, again it's a part of your will.  Your intention is to make your body perfect in the eyes of the vessel, you just normally take on traits that you might not have thought of, but your subconscious feeds into your form."

I pulled the towel up after I finished massaging his left arm so I could get to his legs.  I began by massaging both feet and running my hands up the back of his legs, working out old knots and causing him to squirm a little.   I untied the sash on the kimono and let it fall to the floor in a whisper of silk.  I asked him to turn over as I climbed up onto the table.  I straddled him just above his hips and pulled the jade clips from my hair, letting it cascade down in heavy black silk sheets.  As I worked my hands into the hair on his chest, it had never occurred to me that a hairy man would be sexy, but James was really turning me on.  I kneaded the muscles in his chest, pausing to lick a finger and run it around his nipple.  It hardened to my touch so I paid the other one the same attention, getting the same results.  I could feel his cock hard and hot, just behind me, not quite touching me.

As I leaned forward, dragging my breasts across his chest, I felt a fire light inside my vagina.  I kissed him deeply, dragging my nipples through the hair on his chest.  His tongue was long and sweet as it slid past my lips and into my mouth.  I could feel my juices beginning to flow down my leg and the desire in my loins stir me to move my womanhood over his manhood.  I felt the large head at the opening of my canal, so I moved my hips from side to side, moistening the head of his cock, and heating up my pussy.  His hands came up to grip my hips and push down, easing the head of his cock into me.

I had never been with such a gentle lover before and his whisper touches and the flexing of his cock were driving me wild.  Not wanting to spoil the languid pace, I allowed him to direct my hips.  With his hands holding my hips in place above him, he flexed his hips and drove up into me, maddeningly slow.  My mouth gaped open as I gasped at the sensation inside me.  I lowered my mouth onto his as i could feel every vein of his penis move deeper and deeper inside me.

"Ohhh Jaaaaaaames...." I moaned deep in my throat as his cock bottomed out inside me.  I flexed myself around him as he began to pull out of me, again, maddeningly slow.   He moved in and out of me at the same pace, taking my desire to a whole new place as the shaft of his cock dragged along my erect clit.  Every bump of his perfect penis sent sparks through me, I knew I wouldn't last long at this pace.  I opened my eyes to see the same look on his face, I nodded as he picked up the pace slightly, still entering me slowly, but the head of his cock had inflated and I knew he was about to come.  

We came together, my orgasm setting him into orbit as his was doing to me.  I felt more satisfied than any time I had been with someone before I knew about changing.  No orgasm except those felt with either vessel could compare to how James had made me feel.  I collapsed onto his chest and kissed him deeply.  As he lay back panting, I let his deflating cock slide out of me.  It was slick with our combined juices, and looked delicious.

I moved down and engulfed the head in my lips, running my tongue all around the tip.  I slid slowly down, taking the whole thing into my mouth, sucking off all of the juice on it.  I bobbed my head up and down several times, feeling the life come back into it.  I kissed the head and left it bobbing in midair as I slid off the bench.  With a pleading look on his face, I held out a robe for him.  He slowly stood up and put it on, a tent out in front of him from his penis.  

Naked, I pulled open the door and walked down the hall with him until we reached the open door.  Inside, lying on the bed was Jasmine.  She wore very little, her brown indian skin glowing with allure and sexuality.  Her scent was powerful as I guided James into the room.  I had thought to leave him to her gentle charms when he caught my hand by the wrist.

"Please stay.." was all he said, dropping the towel and pulling me up onto the bed with Jasmine.  Her almond shaped eyes and full lips called me to her.

-Geek Writer-
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/
