Kay Tobin slipped the soft white cotton nightgown over her head. A gentle shiver raced through her as the soft garment gently slid down, caressing her body and tickling her as it glided lightly over her skin. Kay had a good body, one that had changed very little in the years since she was a teenager. Although she was very attractive, she had always been insecure about her looks and couldn't understand why so many of her women friends, usually sounding envious, told her she still looked years younger than she was and said they wished they looked as good as she did.
Kay was always embarrassed when people made comments on what good shape she was in and how pretty she was. She usually responded by blushing and claiming that her appearance was more the result of good genes than anything she was doing. In truth, she paid careful attention to her diet and exercised whenever she could.
She should have been skinny. She stood about five-eight and weighed one hundred and fifteen pounds, just five pounds more than she weighed the day she graduated from high school. The thing was, despite how slim she was her body was quite shapely. Her breasts were small, but perfectly in proportion with the rest of her body. And they had remained firm. She did take care of herself, eat well, and never had children, so her lithe body was still in good condition.
Once she had her nightgown on, Kay fluffed her shoulder-length curly brown hair out over her shoulders. That pretty much finished her chores in the bathroom, so she walked down the hallway of the summer home located on Mallard Lake where she and her husband were spending a week visiting friends. She sighed before she entered the bedroom she and her spouse were using.
The lights were on in the bedroom and Kay's husband, Stu, was sitting up in bed. His half-eye reading glasses were perched on the tip of his nose and he was gazing intently at a paperback book he held in his hands. He was a portly, balding man, twelve years older than Kay, and he looked ten years older than that.
When Kay walked into the bedroom Stu looked up from the book he was reading and smiled. His eyes traveled quickly up and down her body. "Hey, babe, ain't you lookin' good tonight?" he said. Almost immediately, his eyes and attention returned to the book. "Love that nightgown, baby. It's real sexy. You oughta wear stuff like that more," he commented, without looking at her.
"Ah, thanks, honey," Kay murmured as she slid into bed next to the man she'd been married to for fifteen years. In fact, she'd worn the nightgown many times, but this was the first time he'd commented on it. She did find the fact that he had noticed it encouraging. She'd hoped they might be able to put a little romance back in their marriage during their week in the mountains but, judging from the intent way her husband was studying the book in his hands, romance wasn't on his agenda, at least not for tonight. She rolled on her side, putting her back toward Stu, and tried to go to sleep.
She was pleasantly surprised when, just moments after she got in bed, her husband turned the lights off and his bulky body pressed against hers.
"Hey, babe," Stu said softly. He began sliding his hand over her side and down onto her breast. "I was thinking tonight might be a good night for a little nooky, how about you? Being here in the mountains does something to me. They say the mountain air does that to guys."
"Ah..." Kay murmured. Her husband's fingers began toying with her nipple and a small ripple of delight swept through her. What Stu was doing to her felt nice, but it wasn't quite what she'd been hoping for. She'd been hoping there might be a possibility of them trying something new in their love making, but this was exactly the same way he always initiated sex. Discouraged and a little disappointed, she laid there, mentally anticipating what he would say and do next. "Next he'll tell me I have a nice butt," she thought, "And he'll start pushing his erection against my bottom."
The thought had no sooner entered her mind than Stu's middle began to rotate against her bottom and she felt his swelling penis pressing against her buttocks. "Hey, babe, you still got a real nice butt, I ever tell you that?" he murmured.
Kay shook her head. It was good her back was to her husband so he couldn't see the look of disappointment on her face. "Now he'll pull my nightgown up," she thought. The thought had barely formed when her husband's hands began to tug her nightgown up. She sighed and lifted her body so he could slide the garment up and he eventually managed to get it bunched under her armpits, then his hand fell onto her bared breast and his semi-hard penis pressed against her now-bare bottom.
"'I love the way your nipples feel when they're hard,' comes next," Kay thought.
"I love the way your nipples feel when they get hard," her husband murmured while he twirled his wife's semi-hard nipple between his thumb and forefinger. "And this feels pretty damn good, too." He shoved his hips against Kay's bottom, nudging her with his erecting penis. "You want it as much as I do, don't you, babe?"
"Of...of course I do," Kay replied. Despite the fact that her husband's actions were so predictable, she was feeling something, even if it was only a kind of low-level arousal. She was fortunate in that respect. It took very little for her to get turned on and she almost always had an orgasm, even with Stu's perfunctory lovemaking. "Well, I guess it's about time for him to suggest that I suck on his penis," she thought after her husband rubbed his semi-erect organ against her bottom for a while.
"How about doing something special for me tonight?" Stu asked. "You know what I mean, don't you, babe?"
Kay knew the code only too well. "All right," she replied, trying hard to keep the sense of resignation she felt out of her tone of voice. This, too, was something she expected. When Stu said he wanted her do "do something special" for him, it meant he wanted a blow job. A few years earlier, when he began to occasionally experience problems getting an erection, they experimented with oral sex as a means of helping him. At the time it helped solve the problem, but in the years since, her performing oral sex on Stu had become a regular part of their lovemaking. The problem was, he seldom reciprocated by performing oral sex on her. In fact, she couldn't remember the last time he'd done that to her.
"Come on, babe," Stu said, rolling onto his back. "I can't wait to feel those fantastic lips of yours!"
Kay got to her knees, leaned over her husband, and took his penis in her hand. He had begun to get hard, but wasn't nearly hard enough to do what she needed him to do. She began to stroke the partially hard organ and heard her husband groan softly.
"Yeah, babe, that's it!" Stu murmured. "You do know what I like, don't you?"
Kay bent down and took the tip of her husband's semi-hard penis in her mouth. When she did, her soft brown hair tumbled over his middle. She knew he liked that and almost instantly his penis twitched and grew harder. She felt his hand glide up the back of her leg, onto her bottom, then his fingers began to probe for her vagina. Unfortunately, his caresses didn't feel very good because she wasn't wet. She seldom got wet any more when they made love.
"Yeah! Oh, yeah!" Stu groaned. "Do it, babe! That's what I want! Do it!"
Kay felt the rush of delight she always got when she made love to her husband. She cared for him and did like to turn him on. Knowing she was making him feel good pleased and aroused her. As his penis stiffened, her excitement grew, too.
"Hey, babe," Stu groaned. His hips were rocking, he was gasping with delight, and his cock had grown as hard as it was going to get. "I'm about ready if you are. I know you like doing that, but I want into you! How about riding me tonight?"
Kay sighed again. Having her go on top, was yet another habit they'd fallen into. It wasn't that she didn't like going on top, but it would be a nice change if he went on top occasionally. She straddled her husband's bulky body and, holding his erection-which was slick and wet from her sucking it-in her hand, sank down onto him. A shudder rippled through her when his erection slid into her. It might not be the passionate, tender love-making they'd engaged in when they were dating and first married, but it was better than no sex at all, and there had been a period of that, too, not so long ago.
Once she had her husband's erection hilted in her, Kay began to rock her hips. She could feel warmth and excitement building in her as she did. It did feel good to have his swollen rod moving in her! She looked down at Stu. He laid there, red-faced, with his eyes closed, grunting with delight as she rotated her hips and bounced up and down on him, using the movements she knew he liked and that would get him off.
"Yeah! Oh, yeah!" her husband groaned. "Oh, God, babe, you do that so damn good! I'm getting there, I'm really getting there!" The movements of his hips became more pronounced.
Kay was stunned when she realized her husband was about to come. He seldom lasted long, but he usually lasted a little longer than this. Trying to ensure that she came, too, she intensified her own movements. She was close, but not as close as he seemed to be. Maybe, if she tried hard, she would be able to...
"Gahhhhh! Oh, God! Oh, God! Damn! Damn!" Stu groaned his back arching. "Here it comes! Take it, babe! Take it!"
"Oh, no!" Kay thought when she felt her husband's hot juices jetting into her. She didn't quite make it. She wasn't coming. But, not wanting to disappoint him, she whispered, "Yes!!! Oh, darling, yes!!!!" and rocked her hips wildly. When she was sure her husband had finished coming, she climbed off him and stretched out on the bed next to him.
"Damn, you sure do that good, babe," Stu said. He planted a gentle kiss on her cheek, and then he rolled on his side, putting his back to her. Seconds later, she could hear him snoring.
Kay laid next to her snoring spouse for quite a while, unable to fall asleep. She was still turned on and memories of their first day of vacation played through her mind like a movie.
Earlier that evening, she and Stu went out to dinner with their friends, Gloria and Mel Bobar. Sue and Mike Ervin, another couple visiting the Bobars that week also went along. The three men had been friends since childhood and, after they married, their wives became close, too.
For their evening out, Kay had worn a pair of snug-fitting jeans and a white top that left a thin strip of her midriff bare. She liked the outfit, but had second thoughts after she saw herself in it. It was an outfit more suited to the slim body of a teenager than a woman her age, but it did fit and fit well. "Maybe I ought to be dressing more like other women my age," she mused while she studied herself in the full-length mirror on the bathroom door. She dismissed the thought. Stu liked it when she wore outfits that emphasized how good her slim figure was, so that's how she dressed.
When she walked out into the living room to join their friends earlier that evening, both Mel and Mike gave her appreciative looks when they saw the outfit. So did the Bobars' twenty-year-old son Franklin, who everybody called Frankie. Ever since she and Stu arrived at the cabin, Kay had noticed that the young man was gazing at her with unabashed adoration in his eyes.
Gloria and Sue both commented on how nice the outfit looked, too, and ruefully admitted they wished they had the figures to wear the kind of outfits Kay did.
The owner of the restaurant had flirted with her openly and it bugged Kay that Stu didn't seem to be bothered by the man's overt attention. When she got up to go to the bathroom with Sue and Gloria, she noticed that the men at the table next to theirs were staring at her, too.
"Why doesn't Stu appreciate me as much as strangers seem to? Why can't be more romantic? He's never been gushy, but he was a lot more attentive when we first got married," Kay wondered as she lay next to her snoring husband, trying to get to sleep. "Why can't he make love to me the way he used to? I bet any one of those other men, even Mel and Mike, would be only too happy to do that." She continued to toss and turn as the thoughts continued. "Why even Frankie looked as if he was undressing me with his eyes!"
That thought startled her. "Kay, get a grip on yourself!" she thought. "Things are getting pretty bad when you start to have erotic fantasies about your best friend's son!" Finally, she nodded off to sleep.