When he gets home on Friday, there's a package in the mailbox. James brings it in with the rest of his mail, and opens everything while he makes tea. There's a letter from his mum full of newspaper clippings, and the usual pile of junk, and then the package. He opens this last, and out slides the DVD, along with a handful of twenty-pound notes. 

-----

James sits down, hard, into one of the kitchen chairs.

Bloody Nora, he thinks. He watched it. He... oh, god.

His face feels hot, skin stretched tight, and maybe he's hyperventilating a bit, because there are little sparks of light flashing across his eyes. "Fuck," he mouths into the silence of the kitchen. "Fuck fucking fuck."

He hasn't thought this through. It isn't because he doesn't have the ability, but rather because he's been trained out of it through years of working with Jeremy and Richard. Generally, whatever daft ideas the two of them cook up are going to end up happening no matter what James says, so any time he spends worrying in advance is time wasted. In consequence, he'd simply taught himself not to do it.

That philosophy has perhaps backfired now; James had been so busy thinking about how to win the bet that he now finds himself in the position of having won it, and yet not having mentally prepared at all for the idea that Jeremy has actually watched James have sex, and that he got off on it.

James expects to feel triumphant, and when he manages to stop panicking he realizes that he does feel a certain sense of superiority. Jeremy is technically his boss, and he's certainly the most commanding person James has ever known. But James had made him come, James had made him come, and there's a strange sort of dominance in that, even if they hadn't even been in the same room at the time. James realizes with horror that he's half-hard just thinking about it, and panics all over again.

-----

When he manages to stop panicking the second time, James texts Madi – "200 pounds richer, thank you" – then hides the DVD behind a pile of dusty video tapes and vows to forget about the whole thing. Jeremy's hardly likely to bring up a bet he'd lost, after all, and since James doesn't particularly feel the need to gloat (well, perhaps a little, but it's overshadowed by his freak-out), maybe he can get away with never mentioning it ever again.

The following Monday he goes into the office with trepidation, but his intuition appears to be correct; Jeremy doesn't mention the video at all, just gets on with his usual raving and ridiculousness, and things seem relatively close to normal. When the end of the day comes and goes without the whole situation blowing up in his face, James breathes a sigh of relief.

Right, he thinks. Sorted.

-----

Later in the week they fly to Belgium to shoot a piece about finding the most boring car in the world, which appears to be mostly an excuse for Jeremy to insult everyone who is Belgian or who owns a Renault, or both. On the flight over, James ends up sitting in an aisle seat, with Jeremy across and one row up, and Richard stuck between Jeremy and a white-haired old lady in the window seat. Very faintly, James can hear her saying something about Morrisons, and then the strained noise Richard sometimes makes when he's trying not to scream. James grins.

Once he's had his laugh at Richard's expense, though, James finds himself looking at the back of Jeremy's head where it rests against the edge of the seat. Jeremy's bald spot is definitely increasing its domain, but James is more concerned with what might be going on inside Jeremy's head.

I can't understand why he let me win the bet, James thinks, and then curses under his breath, drawing a suspicious look from the man seated next to him. I'm not thinking about this. I'm simply not. Of course, he breaks this vow almost as soon as he's formulated the thought. But really, why did he let me win?

Because Jeremy could have simply denied everything – given the DVD back with a laugh and a murmur of "Nice try, but there just weren't enough lesbians in it." Or he could have not even taken it from James in the first place, could have said he'd thought they were both joking, both too drunk to be serious.

So either neither of those scenarios had occurred to Jeremy – which was definitely a possibility – or else he'd really deliberately watched it and really deliberately got off on it. And then, what, he had too much of a sense of honor to lie about it? I don't know if I believe that. James squirms in his seat, awkwardly aware that he's in public, thinking about sex. It's all mixed up in his head as he tries to decide whether he thinks Jeremy is too cunning or not cunning enough, too honorable to welsh on a bet or setting James up for some bigger humiliation somewhere down the road.

Oh, I don't fucking know. 

On one level James has always understood Jeremy – he's a man, and he likes cars and beer and jokes about testicles – and on another level he's never understood Jeremy. Jeremy is gleefully contrary, taking an almost unholy delight in telling people why everything they care about is stupid and useless, and yet he also has an incredible ability to care deeply about things himself, to appreciate what is beautiful in the world. He cultivates an image of himself as the common man, and then sometimes he'll come out with a sentence so profound that James is left breathless.

The only thing James feels confident about at the moment is that he's glad the flight is only an hour long, because they're landing now, and he can't think about this any more.

-----

Belgium is... Belgium. It's gray, even in the summer, which is depressing enough. Steve, the location director, is a bit of a tit, and though of course James had known they were doing a segment about boring cars, the cars are really very boring indeed. In fact, really the only redeeming feature of Belgium is the beer.

"Did you know," says James, taking another sip, "that Belgian Trappist monks make very good beer? I once had an absolutely fabulous tripel from Brouwerij Westvleteren." He pronounces the brewery name very carefully since the first two bottles have given him a bit of a numb tongue.

"No, but I'm sure you're going to tell us all about it," says Richard, "whether we care or not." Jeremy snickers.

It's very loud in the hotel bar, and James is half lip-reading everything Richard and Jeremy say, piecing together sentences from the fragments he's catching between the thumping bass and the conversation about someone's medical problems that's going on at the next table over.

"Hammond, you utter philistine," says James. "What do you want, a Calvin Klein brewery?"

"Seriously, though," says Jeremy. "Monks? Making beer? You'll be telling me monks make pornography next."

James opens his mouth, then shuts it again. Oh, apparently we aren't ignoring it. He can see the faintly challenging expression on Jeremy's face, the way his left eyebrow arches just slightly higher and the set of his jaw is just the tiniest bit firmer. What an utter cock. James meets Jeremy's eyes, defiantly.

Then Richard snags the bottle out of his fingers. "All right, since you keep nattering on, I'll try it," he says, and the moment is broken. James begins to protest.

"Oi, when I encourage you to try something new, I don't generally mean to encourage myself out of a drink!"

"Whatever," says Richard, lifting the bottle to his mouth. He takes a sip, then makes an exaggerated thinking face, stroking his other hand over his chin. James snorts and Richard's face drops back into its normal lines. "It's all right, actually," he says. "I mean, I'm hardly a beer ponce, but I do like it."

James snatches the bottle back triumphantly. "See?" He offers the bottle to Jeremy, who's now leaning back in his chair, face studiedly casual. Jeremy waves him off.

"I'm not drinking from anything that's had Hammond's mouth on it," he says.

Richard begins to sputter, and James looks down, then wipes the rim of the bottle ostentatiously with the sleeve of his shirt. All three of them crack up laughing.

When they all get themselves under control, Jeremy gets up to buy another round. James tries not to watch him go.

-----

Later that night, James goes outside for a smoke as the other two go up to their rooms. He leans up against the wall of the hotel, acutely aware of the dampness seeping through the back of his shirt, and lets the burn of the smoke soothe the ragged edges of his nerves. It was just a comment. Maybe he didn't mean anything by it. He takes another drag, then laughs, silently. And maybe I'm the Queen of England. Christ. He can't even feel angry about it now, just confused and a little bit unnerved.

Eventually James finishes his fag and goes upstairs, no closer to figuring out what exactly is going on. He pauses in front of Jeremy's room, trying to decide whether or not to knock, whether or not they need to hash this out, whatever this is. As he's standing there, the light under the door goes out, and James exhales in a long, silent puff of breath. Then he moves on to his own room and makes himself sleep.

-----

The rest of the trip is no less confusing. James vows to forget about the whole thing no less than ten times, and every time he finds himself coming back to it, thoughts swirling uncontrollably.

He keeps looking up and catching Jeremy's gaze, and then his brain says, "You made him get off." Even though it was surely watching Madi that had done it, James had directed her, James had held the camera, and James had edited the final cut; there's no denying that the video is essentially his creation.

The thought that he could have that kind of power over Jeremy makes James' skin prickle with arousal, and then he has to think very sincerely about the horrible new Ferrari, lest he be caught out on camera and have people thinking he's getting hard for the Renault Mégane.

The situation isn't helped by the fact that Jeremy is incapable of keeping his mouth shut. Since his first mention hadn't provoked much of a reaction from James, he ups the ante the following day, stating, on camera no less, that driving a Golf isn't going to help you have sex with a fashion model. Then later he makes another comment, and then the following day another, each one relatively appropriate to the moment but said just pointedly enough that James knows Jeremy's doing it to needle him.

James grinds his teeth, but after the fourth comment he snaps back, something about old men drooling over young girls who wouldn't give them the time of day. This, of course, just makes Jeremy even more eager to get one up on him, and the whole thing turns into a slinging match that lasts, bar interruptions for doing their actual job, all afternoon and into the bar again.

Surprisingly, James finds the whole thing quite invigorating in the moment; arguing with Jeremy means having no more than half a second to start making one's point while he takes a breath, so James has to think more quickly and aggressively to score anything at all. Jeremy seems to be taking care not to go too far, never saying anything insulting about Madi but only about James, and that's enough for James to let it continue, to let himself enjoy it.

It's only afterward when he's in his room alone, the blood pumping in his veins just beginning to cool down, that he thinks, Hang on, what the hell am I doing?

-----

The next morning they fly back to England, then go their separate ways, everyone expressing anticipation for their own beds and familiar food. James thinks he'll probably just nap when he gets home since he hadn't slept too well the last night in Belgium, too worked up with competitive spirit and nervous anxiety to really rest.

Instead, he finds himself pulling out the DVD from behind his pile of old tapes and popping it into the player. Haven't watched it properly, he thinks, half-aware that it's a terrible excuse and not really caring.

It's not actually bad viewing, and James spends the first ten minutes feeling pleasantly aroused and a bit proud of himself. Then he finds himself thinking about Jeremy watching it, the intensity of his gaze all focused on Madi's hands and mouth. The thought is oddly both arousing and painful, but James doesn't want to examine either of those feelings too closely. Instead he shakes himself free of the mental images and focuses his attention once again on the screen in front of him, which is currently displaying Madi stripping off her skirt. James is fully hard now, cock straining in his trousers. He unzips himself, somewhat guiltily, and pulls his cock out into the cool air of his sitting room with a quiet moan.

He strokes himself, rough and quick, and it's not long before he comes all over his hand, biting down on his bottom lip to keep in any noise he might make.

-----

They're back to filming at the track again the following week, and under Andy's watchful eye the verbal competition of Belgium is distinctly dampened. Oh, they pick at each other, and Richard too, but it's all standard stuff – Jeremy's creaky old man hips and James' collection of wrenches and Richard being made to sit on a booster seat to great comic effect – all things they can actually put on air without making the nation's collective eyebrows raise up too far.

Jeremy seems to have decided that since he can't yammer too freely, he'll watch James instead. Almost every time James looks up Jeremy's eyes are on him, sometimes flicking away as soon as he's caught but other times meeting James' gaze with defiance.

James doesn't quite know what to make of it. Ninety percent of him thinks that Jeremy's looks are just more of the same, a challenge of aggression he doesn't expect James to meet, but the other ten percent thinks that maybe Jeremy's looks are looks, a challenge of something that's decidedly not aggression.

You're mad, he tells himself firmly. Utterly, utterly mad.

He hasn't ever had much interest in his coworkers' sex lives; in fact, the one time Richard had drunkenly said something about Mindy's preferences in that department James had been terribly embarrassed and he hadn't been able to look her in the eye for weeks. He does know that Jeremy and Francie are all but separated (not because Jeremy has said so in as many words, but because Jeremy spends increasing amounts of time in his London flat, and because he'd once drunkenly mentioned that Francie had decided they should have separate bedrooms so they can come and go as they please), but it's the kind of knowledge that sits in the back of his mind and doesn't do anything, much like the knowledge of almost everything he'd learned at A level.

Only now something in him burns to know what kind of sex life Jeremy's having, whether he's got a bit on the side with some adoring makeup girl or journalist, or whether he goes back to his flat at night and watches lurid, filthy videos on his computer until he gets himself off, desperate and lonely. James wants to know what Jeremy sounds like when he comes, whether it's anything like the ecstatic noises he'd made when he'd driven the Veyron or the soft sigh he'd made when stopped at the side of the road in Vietnam looking at the view.

At first he tells himself it's only natural to be curious, given that Jeremy now knows all about his own orgasmic noises, but the third night he finds himself in front of the video – not so much watching it as imagining the way Jeremy might throw his head back, flushed with sensation and yet not wanting to take his eyes off the screen as he touches himself – he gives up entirely on the pretense of not being attracted to Jeremy.

Sod it. I do want him. I want him so fucking badly. 

James groans, and turns down the volume on the video before unzipping his jeans. Jeremy's hands would be hot and rough, he thinks, forceful, demanding. He imagines the way Jeremy would fight for dominance every second, the way he'd try to hold James down, his broad palms trapping James' wrists against a wall or against the bed covers. The thought makes him shiver with arousal. He's hard now, aching with it, and he holds his hand around his cock for a long moment before starting to stroke it more roughly than normal.

"Jez," he moans, and oh, god, that's really embarrassing even though he's alone in his house, but James doesn't care, can't make himself care, not when he can picture Jeremy's intense, gray-blue eyes boring into him, not when he can imagine Jeremy's weight pressing him into the sheets as they wrestle for control.

I bet he could make me beg, James thinks, and it's this that tips him over the edge, come pulsing hot over his knuckles.

On the screen, the video plays on, not even three quarters finished, and James flushes as he realizes that just the thought of Jeremy has got him off faster and harder than pretty much any other sexual experience he's ever had.

Oh, cock, he thinks. This is going to make my life extremely difficult.