Memories - Showing Off My Ex
by Pavao

Memories - Showing Off My Ex Ch. 05

Jessica takes cousin Jenny to beach.

The first time we took Jessica's cousin Jenny to the beach with us is also a nice memory. It was maybe summer of 2000, or maybe 2001. Still early days of our relationship and I was still far away from having Jessica going topless at the beach.

And that day seemed like a normal day, nothing special expected to happen, I barely knew her cousin, so I was feeling that it was going to be just another normal beach day. Yet, once Jenny's t-shirt comes out, a new story plot develops: I see a very thin bikini top (looked like a sports bra), with a hint of a nipple under, and then, after removing the lycra long pants, a very nice shorts bottom, molding a very nice ass. Jenny, a blond and blue eyes cute young girls, maybe 19 by then, was never a show-off, always use normal clothes, no cleavage or short skirts, very discrete - much like Jessica.

Jessica, from the corner of her eyes, saw me checking her cousin but said nothing. At least to me: "Jenny, cous, where did you get that bikini? I've never seen it before...", she pushed the conversation that so far had only been about weather, lack of wind or dirtiness on the beaches.

"Ah, it was my mom that gave it to me", replied Jenny - aunt C had a small factory, where she finished clothes, sewing it for different brands and make it ready to be sold on the most famous brand stores all over the world. Sometime, she could get some of the products she made, small amounts of them, giving it to nephews and friends.

"Wow!", said Jessica, "aunt C is really crazy!"

A little shocked, Jenny asks: "Why?"

Jessica understands in that moment, that she went too far, but kept the same direction: "Not me saying, that's my mom and anties that always say that! I can cope with her quite well, you know me!". Sometimes we see a wall on our path and we just can't detour and keep going into it!

Jenny wasn't fully convinced but, being a nice girl, she kind of changed subject: "But you think it's too much?"

Jess just laugh... and pointed to me. "Hey!", I said, "I don't know nothing, if it's on me you may as well go topless, that's what I keep saying to Jess - those bikini marks are awful, never liked them, never will!"

"See?", Jenny took it from me, "at least with this bikini top there are no marks, it let's most of the sun pass but without having really to go topless!" and with that she lowers the straps a little more, almost daring to show the areolas but not just quite there.

By then my dick was getting hard, at least a semi, and all I could think is how I could play that see-through bikini of Jenny in my advantage, to make Jess go topless for the first time - obviously, if you read the previous chapters, you know that today it was not going to be the first time Jess would go topless, yet.

Things settled down and we just let the sun and the breeze make us quiet and no much talk happened for some time. Later, both girls went for a dive. They stayed there for a while, maybe half hour at least, and all I could see from the distance, as I have stayed in the towel watching our belongings, is that Jess pointed a few times to Jenny's boobies, and Jenny would laugh a lot, sometimes even holding her boobies too and pushing out the bikini top. Just in case, I rolled over to my belly, as I sensed my dick will become totally hard very soon...

And so it was, because when both girls return and started drying themselves, Jess made a clear point: "See, baby, it's almost transparent, totally see-through without the lining. In the water was just like if she didn't wear that top..."

"And that's ok for me, you should have some bikinis like those too, baby", I told her. "In fact it's a pitty you don't just take that top off, Jenny, your cousin has a point: it's almost like you don't wear it!", I tried my luck.

Jenny was a little flushed, probably as much excited as my dick with that little exhibition, but she didn't do much to cover herself. On the opposite, she lay down on her back, adjusted the straps down a little again and didn't care that much if the nipples were clearly visible under the bikini top fabric - but she didn't take it, only replied "I'm not that much comfortable taking the top off... And Jessica would probably kill me if I do it!" and laughed.

Jess also laid down between her cousin and me but, just like me, belly down, telling "Of course I would not kill you, it's just I would not do it too, but you are over 18, you can do it if you want, this is still a free country..." and adjusted her position on the towel. I just used the opportunity to apply another coat of sunscreen on her and, in a daring move back then, untied the bikini top in the neck. Applied some lotion, massaged her and then untied the lower strap of the bikini - and Jess, for the first time, allowed me do that on both straps even if her full body was pressing against the towel.

Again, no much more words were spoken after this, but she never turned around, although Jess did raised herself a little from the towel, enough to show some side boobies but never what it takes to have the full boobies standing free and visible. That day would come years later...

But still, I was very, very happy that day. My ex allowed me to totally untie the bikini top for the first time - the first of many, from that day forward, as I guess I always did that to her on the beach from that moment in the future. Furthermore, as a bonus, I could had a glimpse of what Jenny's tits would look like on that see through bikini top, though it would take me a few more years to really see them. But definitely it's a good memory that I recall from that day, because sometimes the promise of a boobie it's more erotic than really seeing it…


Memories - Showing Off My Ex Ch. 06

Jessica goes to mall without underwear. Me too.

Somewhere in the early summer of 2011, Jessica wanted to go the local mall check some bikinis for the coming summer. We were in my place and were pretty much quite excited after having some nice sex - handjob, followed by blowjob, then I went down on her, and finally fucked her good, finishing by a nice shower together where she would blow me again and asked me to come on her mouth, very rare on her, which I happily obliged.

When we returned to our room, we didn't dress up immediately, just stood there in the bed chatting a little from our excitement, while she casually caressed my dick and I played with her boobies and those rock hard nipples, when I said: "Just love your nipples standing like this, you should walk them around for all to see them!"

"Your crazy, always trying to find a way to show me around!", she said while holding harder my dick.

"Why not? If you got them, you flaunt them, that's what they say!", was my reply, "you could cope with more cleavage while being braless, for example!"

Looking to me and stopping the motion on my dick, she says: "Really? You really want me to show more? Why?"

Though I have told her before, I repeated again: "I got excited seeing other guys, and girls!, ogling your tits, baby!"

"And you don't mind at all?", she asked, resuming soft strokes on my dick.

"Sure not! In the end of the day, I am the one next to you on this bed, taking a glimpse doesn't hurt!", I told her and after a few seconds break, I added: "Tell you what! Why don't we go now to the mall check for your bikini to use next weekend if you go to the beach? You could try go braless with some daring clothes!" and smiling a lot, I pushed my luck: "Or even commando style!"

Her first reaction wasn't the best: "The hell? Why should I go without any underwear out?"

"Just for the kicks! Or maybe you want to prove to yourself that you can do it and go ahead with it...", I told her, smirking and pinching her nipples and then sucking and gently biting it.

She moaned with pleasure that moment, even more when I lowered my hand from the nipple to her slit, and used a finger to press her clit, first, and then to check how wet she was, when she says: "Only if you do the same!"

I guess she thought I was going to back down. But I didn't: "Game on, baby! Let's go now!" and with that I get up from bed and start checking my clothes to dress up, not even opening the boxers drawer.

She just stays in the bed, mouth open, for a few seconds, before slowly starts moving to get dressed too. She chooses a baggy t-shirt with a large circle cut neck and some jeans, but also wears a thin jacket on top. Without the jacket you could see the nipples standing in the shirt, although it wasn't thin enough to make it see through. I just put a t-shirt and my cargo type short pants, lots of freedom for me down there!

So we had a quick drive to the mall and once out of the car, we start walking to the mall and from what I could see, nobody noticed her. My next step was trying Jess to take the jacket out. But she never did it, except inside the shop when she went to try some bikinis.

I was outside the curtain while she was striping to try the bikinis. I opened a bit the curtain to take a peek, I just loved that naked body. Once she tried, I gave her a opinion and told her to try another one, stepping back a little but not fully closing it. Two stalls away was another couple doing the same, I was hoping the guy standing outside just like me, could look to my ex through the gap, but he was too focused on her own girl.

This keep happening for 2 more bikinis when the guy finally leaves their stall to go to the shop and when passing I open more the curtain to see Jess stroking a pose with a bikini and I tell her: "Why don't you take your top off? After all I will keep taking it out for you on the beach... I want to see how it looks going topless..."

And from the corner of my eye I see I got his attention, as he slows down his pace and checks Jess in bikini too. She is all flushed, not expecting that kind of request from me like that and after he is gone she says very low: "What the hell? Go topless here?"

"Just go with the flow, baby...", I said, "Let the guy hard thinking about that... I can see him from here, and he is getting something from the racks... and now returning... come on, now it's the time... just go..."

Jess was kind of shocked, kind of excited, she didn't knew what to do.

Again, I had to take the lead, just like at beach where I was always the one untying the bikini, in the shop I had to be the instigator too... "Turn around and let me untie it, baby, quick!" and, to my surprise, she did turn around and step back to be closer to me, pushing her hair to the front, giving me full access to her back.

After that second to recover from my shock, I started fiddling with her bikini top, completely untying it when the guy was passing again: "There you go, let's the how it looks topless!", I said loud enough to get his attention.

Jess stroke a few poses with her back to me, while I checked her through the mirror and started to position myself to try to allow him to have a glimpse of Jessica: "Turn around baby, let me see how it fits front side"

Jess breaths deep, letting her hair go back to normal position, she slowly turns around to face me. That moment she sings a "Ta-daaa" and I just step a little to my left, giving enough space on my right side for the guy to check Jess if he wants!

"So, it's this the one to buy? Happy with the looks?" she asks, while parading topless to me and, hopefully, to the other guy.

"Not sure, baby, why don't you try the blue too?", I pledge to her.

She smiles, takes her hands to the side of the bikini bottoms and starts rolling it down. From the mirror I can see the guy is trying to check here, although he is talking to her girlfriend. Jessica is now naked and he is deliberately trying to peek here, but not sure if he can see through the tiny gap. Jess starts wearing the other bikini bottom, always facing me. And the guy. She is flushed and her nipples are rock hard and standing out a lot. My dick is fully hard, a tent is clearly visible through my cargo shorts. On the mirror I see that the guy stops talking with his girlfriend and turns sideways on the corridor, facing our stall - now I am sure he is looking to us, he is broadly smiling.

"Baby, he is really checking us now...", I warn Jessica.

She just steps forward closer to me and says with a big smirk: "Now you are with problems showing me off?"

"Me?", and I step a little more aside, giving more space so Jess is more visible, "I am so excited now that I could make love to you here and now, in front of him! I just hope he gets a good view of those luscious boobies and go home masturbate thinking on you while we make love!", I replied to her.

Jess touchs my dick through the cargo shorts, saying "you are crazy, you know?"

"Yeah, but you are getting crazy too..." while I just tweak her nipples, being slapped by her. That moment we see the curtain of the other stall open and the girl comes out, followed suit by the guy. When she passes she sees Jess in topless through the gap and her eyes goes wide open... She keeps walking but said nothing. A second behind the guy slows down when approaching and takes a good peek to Jess and that moment I just totally open the curtains allowing him to fully see Jess, that in a first moment raises her hands covering her tits. I enter the booth the moment he passes and then I started closing the curtains, as he is gone from view.

Jess immediately hug me and we kiss, a long luscious tongue on tongue french kiss. My hand roaming all over her back, butt and then tits. She also goes to my dick, first from the cargo shorts, then pushing her hands inside and caressing it directly, leaving it even more hard if it's possible.

When we broke the kiss I just told her: "I can't go outside for a while with this" motioning to my hard on.

"Do you need me to take care of it now?", Jess asks while unfastens the button and zipper of my cargo shorts and they fall to my feet. Jess starts using her hands on a nice handjob, licking her lips as a little of pre-cum forms on the head of my dick. She then pushes her tongue out and starts tickling the head, licking the pre-cum and pushing my skin back, kisses and then swallow the head of my dick, first, then all the way of the length of my dick disappears inside her mouth while her puppy eyes look up to me.

Next she starts bubbling up and down, swirling her tongue, some time almost totally out to kiss and swirl the tongue only on the head, sometimes bubbling up and down. I feel the moment is closer and I hold her head when I am deep on her, then let go until halfway and finally I shoot my thick sperm on her mouth. She first closes her eyes and but soon adjusts herself, while I do my best not to make noises and hold on my legs that seems that are going to fail.

Jess does make it to swallow all my load, I believe it was the first she did without even have a drop out. When she removes my dick from her mouth, she shows me some of my white sperm in the mouth, and then swallowing it, shows me the empty mouth.

As I always did after she blows me, though usually I didn't came on her mouth (I can only two times doing it, this one and another one during a shower) but I always kissed her, so I did too this time, tasting my musky flavour still there.

We dressed up, I bought her both bikinis - well, she totally deserve them - and went home to make love, while I was expecting the other guy will also do the same with her girlfriend but thinking in Jess. I guess he might still masturbate today thinking on her back on that 2011 early summer day...


Memories - Showing Off My Ex Ch. 07

Jessica don't want to go topless in Troia, but then flashes.

In late summer 2012, we went a week to Tróia, 1 hour south of Lisboa, a resort city with some nice beaches. We were needing some rest after a long year, and Jess needs to recharge as she was finishing to write her master thesis and was kind of stuck on it, not being able to complete it. I have booked 5 days on an aparthotel, hoping to have some nice weather for some beach days at Praia do Carvalhal, an amazing natural wonder beach and also for Jess to recenter on herself and boost her energy to finish the thesis.
But Jess was too concerned with her thesis deadline and couldn't focus on resting, when we were at the beach she only though on the thesis and when she was in the room would just stare blank to the laptop and nothing would come out.
Days were passing and she wasn't even going to beach every time I did. Only in the morning she would go to the beach with me, and after lunch I would take her home where she would try again to type a few more words, while I would return to the beach after a quick nap and staying there until sunset, alone. It was in one of those days that I stopped on savage beach on the road to Carvalhal, where I usually saw some cars parked on the main road, crossed a crop plantation field and found a beach with just maybe 10 people on it, mostly couples, and all naked, and not wanting to give my flank, I also stripped for the first time - now I am addicted to naturist beaches!
But as the days passed, I couldn't make Jessica go to beach that much and when she was there, she wouldn't do topless. Ok, she would me untie or unclip her bikini top. But never rolled over, never exposed the boobies.
And then we came to the last morning in Tróia, after lunch we would return home, about 3 to 4 hours drive distance to the north. As usual, after breakfast in the room, we went to the beach, leaving most of our stuff packed and ready to go. Once arrived, as usual, I have worked the sunscreen on Jess back, unclipping her black bandeau bikini top - one of my favorites, easy to remove (no neck tying) and showed a lot of cleavage and boobies (it was a very narrow strip of fabric), very daring for her standards.
I also could apply some on the sides of her boobs, and then she removed it from under her body: "The metal wire structure is hurting me," she told me as if she needed to justify - and I was happy thinking that my luck will change today and she finally would go topless this week.
But time passed and she didn't turn over, and when finally did it, she carefully wear the bandeau top again, for my disappointment. I finally asked: "I thought you were finally going topless today... Why covering again? We are almost alone here, baby!"
"Yeah, yeah, I know what you want but I don't feel like it... moreover, those guys over there are checking me too," she said motioning with her head to a couple of guys, maybe around 20 to 25, laying on their towels perpendicular to the sun, but facing directly us.
"Let them be, who cares? Even better, give them a thrill," I was trying my best to have her removing the top.
"No, it would be too obvious," she replied.
"I can't believe we came so far to have some nice days to rest, to a place where we know no one, and we are still being so strict. All those years together and you still can't get over it," I teased her, knowing that usually this way would make her ego torn and eventually make her go topless. But not yet, at list... She just went to the water, refreshed herself and returned, staying dressed and getting some more sun on her front.
Later she would turn back and asked me to apply another coat of sunscreen, which I did unclipping again the bandeau top. But something changed on her, as she was checking if the couple of guys where still checking on her. And when she finally saw them facing us again, she hold the bandeau top but did not clipped it, and then turn over, just leaving the top over the tits.
I was getting excited, thinking she would finally go for it, after all was almost noon, it would be the now or never moment. I pushed her again: "Baby, just take that top off for once, go on!"
"No way, I am not that easy," she replied.
My face was dumb with that answer: "What do you mean?"
And she just replied it: "Imagine what they will think of me?"
I laughed: "Probably, that you are a prude!"
Jess raised a little her body and suspended her weight on her elbows, and the bandeau moved down a little, the areolas start to show a little. I moved my hand to take the top but she just looked to me with a "don't you fucking dare," and that solved the question.
As usual, by noon the wind would intensify and it helped to move a little more the bandeau, but still covering her. She lays down again, not touching the top, And a few minutes later, a stronger gust finally moved the top enough to show her left nipple. I checked the guys and just saw them doing a hi five, they were happy with what they were seeing, but I was even more.
Jess seemed to be sleeping - or maybe just pretending - and only a few minutes later she noticed of the bandeau movement almost exposing her right boob too. She arranged it to cover them again, but didn't removed it, for everybody's disappointment.
It was almost 1pm, and we need to go, the aparthotel would allow us to do check-out until 3pm. So I sadly I told her: "let's pack, we need to go for lunch, shower and check-out!"
Jess raised herself again on her elbows, but the sudden movement made her left nipple almost came to view. She then used one the hands and pushed the top off from the left nipples, totally exposing it and looked to it for a few seconds, before covering it and then do the same to the right nipple. The guys had a big smile on their faces when she looked to them and smiled too. I gave her the t-shirt on that moment and she finally removed the top, put it on the towel, and took almost 1 minute fiddling with the shirt before wearing and finally covering her magnificient boobies.
It wasn't the way and the time I would like, but I was still happy that she flaunt them a little to the guys and to me. Just the way I like, in public. And so we left the beach, she was braless, and when we get to the car, she told me she was excited and wanted to go to hotel before lunch - where we end up making passionate love due to her mini-show exhibiting herself to those guys and giving me another nice memory.
