Fay and the rainy day 

Fay and her husband had only recently moved to the area and were still finding their way around , a situation not made easy by Julian's frequent trips away , leaving Fay alone and not really knowing anyone and so she appreciated any company or any way of fitting in with the local community. 

One thing she had noticed was how few women there were of her age , most of the village appeared to be the younger element or older than Fay.Now she was beginning to find the days tedious so she had developed a habit of going out walking away from the village into the countryside. 

When she began her walk it was a fine day but the clouds were gathering and Fay began to be a bit concerned dressed in her white blouse and jeans but with no coat. She had just reached a dried up beck surrounded on eachside by quite thick bushes and had made her decision to turn round and return when two boys about half her age appeared. They introduced themselves as Simon and Neil and were very friendly to her . 

"We don't get any girls of your age around these parts , " said Simon. "Everyone is going to want to play with you , " sniggered Neil. 

Fay gave a half smile not quite understanding the comment just as the first drops of rain were felt . " Oh my God, " said Fay ,"I am going to get wet , I am a good mile from home." "Come and shelter in our den , " offered Simon , "nice and dry in there. " At that he nodded to a break in the bracken , the boys had built a den out of old wood and debris over part of the dried up stream. 

Fay peered in , sure enough there was a dry little home they had made for themselves there were crates to sit on and at each end they had built little dams to stop any water getting in whilst above they had constructed aroof out of boards and plastic. So in they all went. the boys perched on a crate each whilst Fay lay on the ground.They were chatting away when there was a roar of thunder and the rain began to lash down. 

"Thank goodness I found you two , I would have been soaked by now," said Fay. "We only said you could come in , we didn't say you could stay , " replied Neil. "Yes I think you should go now ," added Simon as the rain appeared to lash down even more. "Please let me stay , I can't walk home in that, " pleaded Fay. "You can stay on two conditions , " answered Simon." The first is you will address us both as Sir for the remainder of your stay." "OK that's fine by me , " said Fay before adding , " I mean fine by me Sir .And what is the second condition Sir ?" "The second condition is that you let us take your knickers down," said Simon. "What," screamed Fay ,"you can't mean that , ......Sir." "Oh yes we do , you are either walking home in that rain or you stay dry here and have your knickers pulled down," explained Neil. "But I can't , I mean you are only half my age...Sir ," reasoned Fay. "Look no one else is about nor will they be in this rain , it is a little private arrangement , no one else will see you , you can regard it as a little forfeit for coming out without a coat, "reasoned Simon. "Come on Fay , out into the rain or lets be having your knickers down," added Neil. "What about if I let you put your hands down the back of my jeans and let you feel my bottom , will that do , I mean you could feel my bare bottom , Sir?" asked Fay. "Bottoms are no fun ," answered Neil ,"it's the front bit we want to look at." 

The boys kneeled either side of Fay , they had her lay back , Fay could no longer speak , Simon's hands were at her jeans waistband , she felt them pop open and then her zipper was pulled down.she was told to lift her bottom and with a hand ateach side her jeans were lowered revealing white brief panties. 

"Orr look at her white knickers, bet you didn't think when they went on this morning that a couple of boys would be seeing them.And just as we thought , I can see a black thatch under there, in fact I can see some hairs peaking out Fay," teased Simon. "Very untidy Fay , why you are just begging to have them pulled down," said Neil. "I think you should have the honours Neil , being the younger of us two , it will be more embarrassing for her," ordered Simon. 

Neil leaned forward , with one hand on either side of the white panties , he slowly drew them down , first a hair , then some hairs and finally the whole black triangle fell into view.Simon immediatly ran his fingers through the hair whilst Neil began to pull out the hairs at the top of her triangle , intent on working his way down hair by hair. 

"Fays got a hairy pussy", teased Simon. "Hows it feel Fay , knickers down and a hairy minge on show?" 

Fay was dying of embarrassment , she did not know where to look, to her side each boy had a broad grin and if shr e looked below she could see their hands playing with her bush , making their remarks about how springy her hairs were and how cute her bush was . They kept saying bush this bush that , just to rub it in that they were examining it. 

"It's a bit different to your sisters Neil , " said Simon , who then turned to Fay and said ," not a hair on that one but she makes regular visits here to have her knickers pulled down. And this is something else we do to Neil's sister ," he added. To her horror , Fay felt Simons hand begin to rub up and down her slit , then Neils , no doubt about it they were masturbating her 