Once in a Lifetime
by Jack Spratt 

 I can't believe we're actually in the air on our way to Zambia. My four girlfriends and I have worked hard to help raise the necessary funds to finance our trip and to pay for medications and other items we'll need helping at a rural hospital near the coast. My mom and dad did a similar thing when they're young and thought the experience would do my friends and me a world of good. Mom helped us with everything. We couldn't believe all the shots we're subjected too to protect us against nearly everything that we would never be exposed to at home.

 Home is Abbotsville a beautiful city in the mid-west. Nothing of note ever happens here so when it's suggested we could go to Zambia and actually help some of the people we jump at the chance. Our church was very helpful with the planning and fund raising. We five girls meet often to review everything we need, as many of the things we take for granted are not available. The list seems to grow after each meeting. One of the problems will be packing. There's a weight limit to what we can bring without paying additional. My dad says he'll send us additional supplies in two weeks once we find out what we forgot and need.

 I'm Jayden Forbes fifteen, this'll be my first big adventure and the first time I've ever been away from home by myself. My friends are the same age we all attend the same school and church. We've been working hard to raise a minimum of three thousand dollars each to pay for the airfares and for extras we need for the trip. Our goal is to raise another twenty five hundred dollars for purchases we'll need once there. Our parents, the community and our church members are very active in support both monetary and volunteer work. Several bake sales and rummage sales help. There's an article in the local paper about our goals and surprisingly many people we didn't know sent donations to the church for our project. After seven weeks we're assured the trip is possible. We girls are ecstatic.

 From the first meeting and decision we would try and raise the money to now as we sit in the plane ready to take off took seven months. Thinking back at the meetings and the lists of items it seemed like yesterday. Mom was a super help for all of us girls as she had made the trip many years ago but had her diary of her trip and came up with all kinds of suggestions. What really surprised me is she had my doctor prescribe birth control pills for me. The other girls mentioned they had them also.

 It's the first time for all of us to be on such a large plane. We've one stop and then we land in Zambia. The trip is long and uneventful. I'm sitting with Kristy Dryburge my best friend. We held hands most of the trip. In the night I felt her hand between my legs lowering my zipper. I shift my body so she could get to her target my pussy. Her finger massages my wet clitoris takes my mind off the boring trip. I'm in love with Kristy. We've been a couple for nearly two years. Halfway through the night we change seats cuddle under a blanket and I enjoy fingering her till dawn usually we sixty-nine but I don't think the rest of the passengers would have appreciated it. When we finally adjust our position so we can arrange our clothing, I notice my finger is wrinkled from being in her pussy so long. Looking her in eye I put it to my nose then lick her juice.

 "I hope we're somewhere tonight where you can taste me. I really miss you between my legs Jayden."

 "Not as much as I miss tasting you Kristy."

 Landing is Zambia is a real experience. We have a preconceived idea that it would be similar to the airports in our country. Wrong. There're armed soldiers everywhere most look like kids with guns. Looking around we see a black man carrying a sign with all of our names printed on it. Moving through the throng of people we reach him.

 "Hello I am Jayden Forbes and this is the rest of our group."

 We're greeted with a large smile and a mouth full of bright white teeth. 

 "I am Simon. Please follow me. We have to obtain your luggage as soon as possible. There're many ways it can disappear."

 The last thing we would need is to have any luggage disappear after the time we spent making sure we have everything. After nearly an hours we have located and load every piece of luggage and boxes in a large old beat up Ford Van. The heat of the day is revolting, we are wet from perspiration, Simon looks as fresh as a daisy. All the windows are open providing no relief at all just the smells of the new country. We travel for what feels like days but we learn it was actually two hours nearly fifty miles to the coastal town where we are to spend our summer. We veer off the main road into very dense bush then it opens up to a small settlement. We see the hospital and a number of out buildings. Many people are moving about but all stop when they hear the van. They'll wave and a cheer goes up. It's our welcoming party.

 The administrator welcomes us and tells a young native girl to show us our accommodations and then instructs three men to make sure our luggage is put into each of our rooms. Kristy and I manage to get one small cottage. It isn't much by our standards but I learn later it is considered very elaborate in Zambia standards. Kayla Stiller and Jessica Butcher get the one next to us. Lauren Conley shares a cottage with a new arrival from Britain. I've always thought Kayla and Jessica were a couple but they have managed to keep their relationship to themselves. Lauren is the social butterfly of the group she's already in deep conversation with her new roommate. What I desire now is a bath to rid myself of all the dust and sweat that is coating my body. It turns out we have two choices, one a homemade shower that may or may not have enough water to complete a shower or we can go to a stream and bath in fresh but cool water. There's a sort of enclosure of thick bushes in an area to the right on the stream for some privacy. Kristy and I take the stream. The last thing I need at this time is to run out of water.

 We take our time bathing helping each other. It's so hard for me not enjoying her breasts and pussy. It's all I thought of during the trip in the van. We don't do anything to obvious, as we have no idea who may be watching. Drying each other we head back to unpack. I can't believe the amount of hand soap my mom managed to put in my luggage. My count is thirty-nine bars. Kristy has piled the same amount on her bed.

 "I don't know what mom was thinking she never mentioned we would need all this soap. Did your mom mention anything?"

 "No. I will ask her when I write."

 One of the girls working for the hospital knocks and advises us there will be a meeting for all the new arrivals at five. This apparently is when we are assigned to different parts of the hospital as staff. The meeting room is sort of a classroom with a big chalkboard in the middle of one wall. All our names are listed and mine appears beside women's ward, Kristy is below mine and has the same designation. Kayla and Jessica have been assigned to the men's ward. We're to report to our respective areas tomorrow morning reporting to the nurse in charge to be assigned duties. They advise us dinner is served in twenty minutes in the dining hall.

 All five of us have chosen to wear white shorts and sleeveless blouses as uniforms. Each up have four duplicate sets along with panties and bras. Kristy and I are the same size so in a pinch we can borrow from each other. 

 The meals are very plain fare based on fish and poultry. There's plenty of fruit some we've never seen before. That night we've another wash in the stream and get ready for bed. The problem is we have to leave the windows partially uncovered to let the cool breeze from the ocean. Kristy and I move the beds so it is difficult to see what we are doing. Fresh from our bath we are naked and each other's arms. Our first night in Zambia is going to be a satisfying one. As soon as we hit the bed we are in a sixty-nine position. Kristy's pussy never tasted so good. Her sexual odor has me so horny but her tongue quickly takes me to my first climax. Every time I taste her I appreciate our lasting friendship.

 The morning comes on fast. We can feel the heat of the day. Breakfast consists of tea and biscuits with a type of spread I have never seen before. We are at the ward at five minutes to seven and report to the nurse in charge. She explains that we will be on the day shift for the balance of this week and nights next week. We alternate with two other girls. Our main tasks will be housekeeping and making sure all the women and girls are bathed. We are to assist when needed and find out many do not have our appreciation of hygiene. Modesty is not prevalent when the patients see us with a basin they strip off the sheets and robes and present themselves naked to us.

 Some of the patients are new mothers having just delivered their babies. One of our tasks is bring the babies to be feed at their mother breasts. Watching the young mother feed makes me jealous as most have lovely black breasts with very large nipples. The babies grasp the nipples and suck profusely the surplus milk trickling down their mouths. Wondering what it would be like to actually suck milk giving nipple I can feel my pussy tingle. I'm surprised I'm so attracted to their bodies especially their beautiful hair framed pussies. It's the first time I've seen pubic hair so tightly curled. The first day is a trial but we get through it. The patients accept us at face value not questioning anything we do. The soap our mom's packed comes in handy, as there is no soap in the hospital. It's a luxury the administration can't afford. When our charges realize we have soap to clean them and make them smell pretty they look forward to us coming into the rooms.

 By the end of the week we are part of the camp. As we become more proficient and confident in our skills things develop into a routine. With confidence I actually get to study some of my patients. There are some girls our age in the ward and when I bath them I can't believe how beautiful they are. Their breasts are firm and nipples much larger then Kristy's and mine but what really impresses me is the size of their vulvas. The lips are thick and pouty ever one of them gets aroused bathing showing their very admirable clitoris. One girl's sticks out over an inch, every time I see it I want to taste her. Her name is Mary she manages to climax every time I bathe her. She smiles spreading her legs as wide as possible show me her beautiful pink inner lips. Her tight black curly pubic hair frames her beauty. I can only imagine how wonderful she would taste. I wonder if she is bi. Kristy is experiencing the same thing with the women and girls she is taking care of. We discuss the situation and agree that each one of us can pursue these young women without getting jealous. Both of us want to taste the young black pussies displayed to us daily.

 One afternoon after taking a baby boy back to the nursery I return with warm water to bathe his mother. She's not her usually self but appears to be in discomfort. Her breasts are large and her nipples are discharging thick white milk.

 "What is wrong? You look like you are in pain."

 "My baby usually drains my breasts but I am now producing too much milk, my breasts really hurt."

 The amount of milk seeping from her massive nipples is substantial. Gently moving the washcloth over her breast she winces in pain. They must be super sensitive. She looks at me with eyes pleading for me to do something to relieve her agony. Lowering my face I take her nipple and suck. The taste of her milk has me sucking in earnest. Once I have it drained the other is in my mouth. Mom breast-fed me but this is a first. The milk is so sweet and thick the sensation of drinking this young mother's milk has me very wet. When I'm done she smiles at me and thanks me. Her hand is on my crotch massaging my pussy through my shorts.

 "Please come to me this evening to drink the surplus after my son's last feeding. Your kindness will allow me to get good night's sleep."

 "Of course I'll see you tonight about seven."

 Over the next two weeks breast milk is on my diet until she's released. Thinking back now I really miss it. Surprisingly my skin took on a new glow of healthiness during that period and continued until we flew home.

 On Sunday we resume the night shift. It isn't as demanding as the day shift. We keep checking the patients on regular intervals. It's actually very boring. I do get to talk to the younger girls and strike up a friendship with the one with the clitoris I would love to suck. When I come into the room she always spreads her legs.

 "You're very beautiful Mary. Do you have a boyfriend?"

 "Not really a boyfriend but I see him often do you?"

 "Yes he's in the states."

 "He's a long way from here. I bet you miss him?"

 "A bit but I'm so busy I don't think of him too often."

 I didn't want to tell her that the only reason I have a boyfriend is to attend school functions with a guy. Kristy is my lover and no boy will ever replace her. Then she surprises me.

 "Do you have a girlfriend?"

 Looking right in her eyes then to her clitoris I see it is extended longer then when I first came in the room. It's so pink and moist a real contrast of her dark complexion. It's so appealing I want enjoy it.

 "Yes I do."

 "Kristy?"

 "Yes how did you know?"

 "I didn't but the way you look at my body I thought maybe you liked women. So do I but I also like men."

 "Well I like women much better than men."

 "You haven't seen our men have you?"

 Kayla and Jessica told us about what they have seen in the men's ward. The size of their patient's penises had them really talking. I didn't believe them but now with Mary mentioning it I wonder.

 "No I haven't but Kayla and Jessica mentioned the sizes."

 Mary is smiling and put her hand to her pussy and rubs her engorged clitoris. She looks at me and licks her lips.

 "Would you like to touch me Jayden?"

 I've touched her many times bathing her but this's different. Not saying anything I reach and caress her vulva and then finger her clit. Mary is very wet my fingers are coated with her moisture. Bring it to my nose makes me so horny. Mary looks at me then gently takes my head and brings my face between her legs. My mouth is on her clitoris sucking it like a newborn if only her clit gave milk I would be in heaven. Hers is the biggest clitoris I've seen or tasted. It makes me jealous as mine is so small. Mary has a unique sexually taste that's addictive. Lapping up her juice I raise my head and look at her smiling face.

 "Can I see yours Jayden? I've never seen a white girl before."

 Since only Kristy and myself are on duty and she won't barge in on me I slip off my shorts. Mary seems fascinated by my soft blue V string bikini. There's a damp spot in the center of the V string. Slowly lowering it I'm standing before her naked from the waist down, my shaved pussy is puffy from excitement.

 "Please kneel on the bed, I want to see you up close."

 On my knees beside her she moves her body down the bed motioning me to straddle her face. I feel her hands on my hips pulling me down so my pussy is right on her lips. Her tongue licks as her fingers find my asshole. I'm holding on to the bed headboard to keep from collapsing as Mary brings me to numerous climaxes. Finally she is done and I realize she has two finger buried deep in my ass. It feels so good.

 "White girl you taste good. I hope you will let me do it again."

 "Black girl I love your clitoris, I wish mine was that big."

 "It can be."

 "You're kidding?"

 "No my aunt can give you a potion that will make it grow as big as mine. The only problem is there is no way to make it smaller."

 Looking at her with doubt I dress covering my very satisfied pussy. Mary knows how to eat pussy. She can see my doubt.

 "It's true Jayden. I will be out of the hospital tomorrow. I hope we see each other often."

 "How can I see you if you are released?"

 Mary is laughing. Her beautiful face has me wanting to kiss her cum covered lips.

 "I work here. I had very bad period pains now it's over. I will be in the women's ward tomorrow but the dayshift. Maybe we can bath together. I would love to bath you."

 I will miss seeing her at night. The thought of being able to explore her body has my interested tweaked. I'm really looking forward to see her naked body again and will tomorrow after shift if we can arrange the same time off. Mary and I can bath at that time. All moms' extra soap has already paid off now that I have met and tasted Mary. This working vacation is turning out okay. I've seven more weeks of exploration.

 Friday night is the last night shift. No one has come in to fill the bed Mary vacated. We have made plans to meet tomorrow at four in the afternoon at the stream. Kristy is happy for me and is actually close to another girl in the compound. They may get together this weekend.

 During my rounds early in the morning I hear some noise coming from a ward. When I go in to investigate I see a male on top of a female fucking her. This isn't supposed to happen but I watch as his shaft plows in and out of her very willing cunt. What really fascinates me is the length of his shaft. It has to be at least ten or twelve inches and as thick as my arm. I watch for about five minutes before he stiffens and pumps his sperm into her. He remains in position panting from his exertion; the fingers of the girl are in his hair both are whispering to each other. When he removes his deflated cock from her cunt it remains open. Even in the half-light I can see a ribbon of thick spunk slowly running down to her asshole. It is a beautiful sight. I feel very horny right now. I slowly back out of the room. Later tonight I will question the lady before I decide if I should report this event. The young lady is single and nearly as beautiful as Mary. She too has a very appealing cunt.

 When I return she is sitting up looking out of the window. She has a very satisfied smile on her face. Her breasts are exposed and the light seems to make them shine. Her nipples are very large and inviting.

 "I watched you with that boy tonight. You know that is against the rules."

 "Please don't tell. It's my boyfriend. We're hoping to get married. If I didn't have sex with him he may wander."

 When I get closer to her the scent of sex is very strong. A mixture of a woman's pussy and sperm fills the area. She removes her cover revealing her beautiful cunt coated with cum. She needs to be bathed. With a cloth and a basin of warm water I clean her beautiful opening. Her clitoris isn't as big as Mary's but it's way larger than mine. Entering her with my finger I remove a globs of cum. My finger finds her tight asshole. When I look at her she is smiling. My finger pushes against her puckered opening and she pushes back. Slowly my finger slips in two knuckles.

 "That feels so good. Your hands are so soft."

 She grabs both her knees and pulls then back towards her head giving me a wonderful view of her asshole and pussy. Her clitoris is now extended begging to be sucked. Her sexual scent mixed with a slight odor of her boyfriend's sperm is heady. I lower my face kissing her pussy and then sucking her clit. I know this can become habit. First Mary and now this young girl, I can't get enough of their taste. After making her cum and licking her juice I leave. I never seen her again as she is released the next day.

 On Friday we learn we have Saturday off and don't have to report to work till Sunday at seven. It gives us time to do laundry and relax. Everything has to be hand washed in sun-warmed water. Kristy and I quickly complete our chores giving us time to relax. I am looking forward to my meeting with Mary. I have been wet all day thinking of her. Kristy will vacant our cottage if Mary hasn't got anywhere for us to make love.

 Mary looks so sexy in her native dress it is obvious she isn't wearing a bra the way her breasts move which makes me wonder if she is wearing panties. She is carrying a carryall bag. Her hair is pulled back in a ribbon. Her lip-gloss is a deep red and makes her lips even more desirable.

 "Come on Jayden I have been waiting to get you alone. I know a nice sport where'll not be disturbed."

 Following her to the stream we pass our bathing area and go deeper in the forest. It has me wondering as we have been warned not to venture to far from the compound. Mary must have realized my concern.

 "We'll be safe here, Jayden. Here we are. Doesn't it look cozy?"

 I've to admit the moss looks inviting and thinking of Mary's nude body does me in. She quickly removes her clothing. Standing in front of me naked, legs slightly spread displaying her big luv lips glistening with her juice she has a big grin. Her eyes are laughing as she watches me slowly strip. Finally I'm standing before her naked. She rolls out a blanket. Quickly I'm in her arms kissing. My body relaxes and we fall to the blanket. Mary manages to shift her body so we are in a sixty-nine position. Her pussy is framed with tight black curls. Juice is seeping from her now open luv lips. The musk scent has me intoxicated with desire. My tongue reaches her open slit and my taste buds are rewarded with a truly unique taste. Closing my eyes I enjoy sucking her opening. Wiggling in position I manage to grasp her clitoris with my mouth and suck. I can feel it growing as I suck. What I wouldn't give to have a clit that large.

 Mary is sucking my pussy and I feel her long thin finger enter my ass. The feeling I have to poo and climax at the same time is accelerating. I feel my world explode only to be brought back to the brink again and again. When she rolls off me I'm exhausted. I have never experienced anything like this even with Kristy. Mary is beside me face to face and kisses me. Her lips are coated with my thick luv juice. Our tongues play. She is rolling one of my nipples in her fingers.

 "Mary did you mean what you said about my clitoris. I can have on as long as yours?"

 "Of course but I also meant it will stay enlarged there's no way of reducing its size once it is extended."

 "And you aunt can do it for me?"

 "Yes, I warn you here and now; it can't be reversed. So think hard about that if you plan on going through with it. We can visit my aunt tomorrow and she will tell you all about it."

 We stand and look at each other, we are such a contrast her beautiful black body, me chalky white. We kiss and then dress. Mary is an excellent lover.

 She grabs my hand and leads me down the beach away from the stream. I look at her and she smiles.

 "Where're we going Mary? The stream is the other way."

 "Would you like to see the boys and the men of the village diving for fish? See those cliffs they dive and spear fish from there. I think you will enjoy the view."

 The view turns is the men's and boy's cocks. There is a large group of native girls and women also watching. All are bare breasted wearing short sarongs that don't cover their pussies. I really can't believe what I'm seeing, many of the girls have streams of cum running down their legs and none seem embarrassed about it. My cunt is tingling as I look at them. I can't believe my reaction considering I just made love with Mary. The men are only wearing flaps over their cocks and when they dive they hang down like limbs on a tree. The length of their spears and the girl's pussies really has me excited again. Like the girls and women the men have no modesty and seem indifferent about the fact their tools are exposed. Mary is watching me with a knowing smile on her face.

 "Now you know why we enjoy the men here. Do you like what you see? All of them are curious about the white girls from America."

 Curious is an understatement. I'm not a virgin losing it to a pimple-faced boy when I was only twelve. I've been fucked only three times. The only time I really enjoyed it is when my uncle did me. He took his time and actually made me climax four times. Unfortunately I don't see him that often. I'll see him at Thanksgiving and hope to have him do me again. I stare in awe as they continue their diving. The length of their cocks has my attention. None of the guys I know at home could compare. Mary is laughing embarrassing me.

 "I told you our guys are different. Have you ever had one that big?"

 "Hell I've never seen any that big. Is one of them your boyfriend? Which one?"

 "There, see the one just about to make his dive."

 Looking at him his cock hangs down a good twelve inches. It looks like a black snake. I'm fascinated.

 "When David's in me I feel like it should be taste him, he is so long and thick. All the males are interested in you white girls every one of them think about fucking you so don't make eyes at them. They'll have you on your back in seconds right here on the beach."

 It's an intriguing thought. I wonder if I could accept anything that big. Mary grabs my hand and we run to the shore where the men are returning from their dives. She grabs her boyfriend's arm and brings him over to me. His loincloth is too short for the length of him the head of his snake extends two inches past the cloth. It's so large.

 "Jayden this is Roger. He's been my man for nearly a year. Roger this is my good friend Jayden from the compound."

 When I look up he's smiling watching my eyes stare at the head of his massive cock. He moves slightly exposing the complete trunk. Wow it's long. It's presently extended but the weight doesn't allow it to stick out from his body. He's looking at Mary smiling. I can see desire in both of their eyes.

 "Jayden, would you mind if Roger and I went for a few minutes? Roger, call Ron and Bill over here to keep Jayden company."

 "Of course I don't mind Mary and there's no need to bother his friends I will sit here and watch the divers."

 "Jayden, its no bother, it'll give them a chance to see a beautiful white girl and show off."

 Roger calls and two young men come running over. Their cocks flopped back and forth as they move. They're both well endowed. When they see me I watch as their cocks go rigid. Roger tells them of Mary's suggestion both smile and come over.

 "Jayden this is Ron and the small one is Bill."

 Bill may have been smaller in build then Ron but his cock nearly hits his knee. Neither boy makes any attempt in covering up their monsters. They sit on both sides of me staring. I guess I am as different to them as they are to me. Mary and Roger take off down the beach and follow the stream. I have visions of Mary on her back and Roger mounting her then burying his massive cock in the pussy I just enjoyed. Bill is the first to speak.

 "You know what they will be doing don't you?"

 My blush tells them I know. Bill moves closer to me and whispers.

 "Jayden I would love to have you so would Ron. Would you like to come with us?"

 I'm dumbfounded at their suggestion. Bill must have taken my shock as an approval. I find myself being lead though a heavy undergrowth. Ron is following with a blanket. We come to small clearing and Ron spreads the blanket. Bill takes me in his arms and kisses me. Still in shock I feel my body being lowered to the blanket. All my will power is gone. Bill's hands run over my breasts. My nipples are like bullets. I can feel the buttons of my clothing being undone. My short and panties are lowered and removed. Both young men drop their loincloths. I can see precum on the heads of both black snakes. Bill moves in position and lowers his cock so the head is at my mouth. I automatically open and accept the head sucking. His taste is salty but acceptable. Ron is between my legs feeling my very wet pussy. I can't believe I'm doing this.

 "Jayden we want to fuck you is it okay? We don't want any trouble with the compound."

 I've no idea why I did it but I nod it's okay. Bill pulls his cock out of my mouth and put the head against my wet cunt. As he lower his body I watch as his twelve inches disappear deep inside of me. I have never felt anything like it. When he starts to stroke in and out of my pussy, I can't believe the feeling. My limited experience in sex never prepared me for this. I'm in ecstasy. I feel my climax building and explode. Bill isn't far behind me. I feels like someone turn on a hose in my pussy. Bill's long cock and cum fill my void. I've never felt this good about sex. When he softens Ron is standing ready. His cock is hard looking for relief.

 "Is if okay for me to fuck you Jayden?"

 Again a reflex has me nod yes. Ron's cock enters me and he starts pumping. Ron is much more vocal then Bill. He is panting heavily as he brings me to numerous climaxes. My cunt feels like there is a large log embedded in me. Ron ejaculation even better than Bill's. Strings of hot thick white cum pump deep into me. My frazzled mind realizes now why mom put me on the pill. I wonder if she experienced the same thing when she was here years before

 Before they take me back to the beach they both fuck me one more time. My cunt is sore and dripping cum. When we finally return Mary is waiting for me. She looks like she has had her pussy fucked as well cum is running down her thighs.

 "Well do you like Ron and Bill? Did they take good care of you?"

 Both Bill and Ron have very stupid grins and that tell Mary everything she needs to know.

 "Come on Jayden we will go up stream to clean up otherwise you will smell like a sperm bank. I know the amount of cum that must be in you."

 At the stream Mary washes cum out of her pussy gobs of it then works on me. She has me squat as she fingers my pussy squeezing out cum. I watch stings of heavy white cum being carried away with the current to the sea. I envision some fish thinking it's a floating worm swallowing Bill, Ron and Roger's cum. The cool water helps to shrink my opening. I have never felt this exhausted in my life. Mary nearly had to pull me all the way from the stream to my cottage.

 "Thank you Mary for a day I will never forget. I never knew how good a cock could feel. My time with you was super also. I hope we can do it again."

 "We will. I'll pick you up after work tomorrow and we can see my aunt. Think about what I said about the results. They can't be reversed."

 Once in the cottage I collapse on my bed wondering if Kristy is faring as well as I did. I hope she did, as I don't want her to be jealous. I really need her love. Sleep must have overtaken me because the noise of the door opening and closing wakes me. It's Kristy. She seems to be as exhausted as I am. Her hair is all mussed up and that isn't Kristy.

 "Did you have a good time Kristy?"

 "I think so. Alyssa introduced me to a couple of her friends."

 Kristy has a really stupid grin on her face. I think she has been introduced to some of the extended cocks. I can see a large damp spot on the crotch of her white shorts. She is dripping and it isn't her juice. I've a feeling she has been fucked.

 "Jayden I'm so tired would you come with me to the stream so I can get cleaned up. I don't want to go alone."

 "Of course Kristy."

 Grabbing towels and soap we both slowly watch to the bathing area. The smell of sperm follows Kristy. She has been fucked.

 "What did you do Kristy?"

 "I hate to tell you this Jayden but I got fucked, really fucked. I can't believe the size of the cocks around here. What about you?"

 "Same thing. I got nailed four times this afternoon. I cleaned up before returning to the cottage."

 Once at the stream, we strip. My cunt is nearly it regulars size. White cum is seeping down Kristy's leg. She squats and I finger her to get the surplus of cum to seep from her love lips. I make a mental note to get a large douche for us. If getting fucked becomes the norm we'll need it. What surprises me is her asshole has also been stretched. Three fingers easily slip in her and gobs of cum dribble out. I splash cool water in the opening coaxing more to drain. I've never seen her asshole so open before. It looks very sexy.

 "How many guys did you have Kristy?"

 "Five."

 "And how many times?"

 "I don't know I lost count. I think nine or ten times in my pussy and same for my asshole. I couldn't believe how good it feels to be so full. Are all of the men around her so big?"

 "Well the two that fucked me were very big. I didn't have a cock in my asshole."

 "It feels so different Jayden. If you do it again try it."

 That night we slept exhausted in each other's arms reassuring each other of our love. We woke early about five nobody in the camp in is moving. The heat of the day is just beginning, donning light robes we run to the stream to have a quick bath. Kristy does me and I do her. Back at our cottage we still have an hour before breakfast. Dropping our robes we are in bed together sixty-nining. Kristy pussy is so puffy and soft and her asshole although now shrunk shows beautiful stretch marks. I plant a kiss on it and lick it. I can feel Kristy's tongue trying to enter my pussy. It is a nice way to start the day.

 Every free moment has me thinking of the previous day. My body it telling my brain it needs more of those large cocks. Kristy idea of being fucked in my asshole has me tingling. Finally the day ends and at dinner Mary finds and sits beside me.

 "Well do you still want to see my aunt? I have loan of the van and Roger will drive us. I told them it is a family emergency. You are family right?"

 It appears every village is in the bush off the road. Mary's is no different. It is a collection of thatch huts and a large main building in the middle. All activity stops when they heard the van. Curiosity has them crowding the truck. Many great Mary with hugs and kisses, the men have loin-clothes but the younger boys are naked. All I can see is black cocks. The teenage girls are bare breasted and a number of them are showing signs of pregnancy. One doesn't look ten years old but she is definitely pregnant.

 A number of the young girls come up to me and feel my skin and hair. For me I am looking at a sea of beautiful young pussies that are begging for some lesbian experiences. Licking my tongue I want to be their teacher. Finally with all the greetings over Mary leads me to her aunt. She is a spitting image of Mary. Mary moves me inside and explains to her aunt what I desire.

 "You have told her that it can't be reversed?"

 "Yes aunty many times but she wanted to come and talk to you."

 "Jayden you realize what this means your clitoris will grow and it will never shrink. Some men are afraid of a woman with a penis."

 She notices a look of bewilderment on my face. She removes her sarong and I am looking at a three-inch clitoris. It's magnificent.

 "It's very beautiful. Will mine be that big?"

 "If you want but I caution you."

 "Please I have thought about it for days and want to go through with it."

 Still staring at her clitoris I see Mary nod to her aunt. Then I feel her hands on my head lowering me to my knees so I am at eye level with her aunt's clitoris and large cunt. Her musky scent is a potion. My face is drawn into her pussy giving me a taste of her luv juice. I can't' believe the size of her clitoris. It is touching the back of my throat. Aunty body shutters as I bring her to a climax. She pulls me up and kisses me. I feel her hands on my crotch then feel her lower the zipper of my shorts. Her hand is on my pussy. My mind is swooning with pleasure.

 "Your pussy is soft with no hair. You should stay in the village. I am sure many of the girls would love to meet you."

 My mind is reeling as she brings me to a climax. Are all the women in Zambia so sexy? Later she hands me a small leather sack filled with a powdery mixture.

 "Take a measure every day with water until it is all gone. You will feel growth in three days."

 On the way back I asked Mary what a measure was. She laughed and told me a teaspoon. In bed that night my head is full of all kinds of crazy dreams. One is of me with such a long clitoris I could fuck Kristy with it. Morning comes.

 As predicted I can feel something different between my legs. My clitoris is hard and won't go back into its hood. It feels good but has me wet all the time when my panties rub it. It seems I am in a continued state of arousal. On the fifth day I don't know if it is just my imagination but I look larger. One thing good about it, Kristy keeps sucking it until I climax. I return the favor. She hasn't mentioned any changes in my clit but I know it's bigger.

 During the week a care package from my parents arrived. I had used some of my money to call home and speak to mom. She didn't question my need of two large douches and I thought I could hear her giggle when I asked her for them. Kristy and I unpack the box. It is like a Christmas in July. There is more soap and toothpaste alone with a collection of brushes. A big surprise is ten tubes of K. Y. Jelly. But our prize is four large douches and four water bottles with long enema hoses attached to them. Mom is wiser then I gave her credit for. On the bottom of the box are two carryall bags one for each of us. All the rest of the space is full of soap and toilet paper.

 At dinner that night we are surprised to learn we have Saturday and Sunday off. Mary is at my side and asks me if I would like to accompany her to stay with her aunt at her village for the weekend. After conferring with Kristy I accept. Kristy is going to get find out how many times she can get fucked in two days. The girls she has loved told her that eight of her male friends want to meet her. It seems the five boys she let fuck her have told every male they know of the white girl with the bare pussy that likes to fuck. Friday night we fill our carry-alls with a douche, a water bag, soap, K. Y. Jelly and toilet paper. Now we are ready for the weekend.

 It is late Friday night when Mary and I arrive at the village. Mary shows me my sleeping quarters a small hut facing the ocean to catch the breeze. Later I found out exactly why she put me there. Like at the camp the bathing facilities are a stream near the village. While kissing me Mary has her finger in my pussy. When I feel grab my clit I realize that is has really grown. Then she has her finger in my asshole. After a few climaxes she asks me if I want more black cocks. Surprised at the question I shyly nod yes.

 "Well if you hear someone enter your hut just spread your legs and enjoy."

 That comment sends tingles through my body wondering what she is actually up too. It has to be nearly nine thirty when she drops me off at my hut. Earlier in the evening is spent with her aunt who has me lower my shorts and panties so she could examine my clit and pussy. She appears very impressed with the changes and kisses me on my pussy then sucks my newly enlarged clit. I nearly faint when I cum.

 "Jayden the potion has started to do its job, I'm proud to see you are growing so well. In a week you will be at the maximum growth. I hope to see it again."

 Laying on my cot the sound of the waves is so relaxing. I just started to doze off when I hear the flap open. Like Mary instructed I spread my legs and wait. I can see an image in the shadows. He gets between my legs and I feel his snake enter me. By the time he is done I have cum five times. His hot cum is now seeping out of my stretched pussy. Grabbing some toilet paper I wipe up the surplus. Rolling over to an exhausted sleep I dream of the large unknown cock fucking me. My dream is so life like then I wake again to feel some one fingering my asshole. Whoever it is, plans to fuck me there. Reaching my carryall I get the K. Y. Jelly and hand it to the unknown male. The cool lube coats me asshole. He grunts as I feel the head of his cock entering my asshole. This is the first time for me. Whoever it is just took my anal cherry. I have no idea how large he is but it feels like I have a long hose up my ass. Once in I get to enjoy the short strokes and actually cum twice before I feel him ejaculate. When he leaves I am still on my tummy and it feels like a breeze is in my asshole. Reaching back I realize my asshole is still stretched open. Now I am wondering how many more will come in the night and fuck me.

 By the time morning came I have had eleven visitors in the night, four enjoyed my asshole and the others my pussy. Rested no, thoroughly fucked and satisfied, yes for the moment, I feel great. Mary comes into my full of energy.

 "So did you have some visitors in the night? I mentioned the fact that you were willing to have a few guests in the night. Many of the men have a smile on their faces this morning. Come on you look like you didn't get too much sleep. You need a nice cool bath."

 Mary leads me to the stream and undresses. She removes the soap from my carryall and lathers. She is looking at me slowly removing my nighty that is covered in cum. She rinses and comes to assist me. Arranging the water bottle in a tree she hands me the syringes that I bury in my asshole. The cool water feels so good on my ravished ass. Grunting I discharge the load of water along with a bucket of cum. Mary has me squat and use the douche on me. She has to fill me five times before clear water flows from my pussy. The cool water gives me a boost.

 "You did have a few visitors last night. Do you want them again tonight? If not no one will bother you if you do the ones that didn't get a chance to fuck a white girl will be there tonight."

 "I don't know if I can take that many again. It's the first time in my life I have ever did anything like that. Last night it was one big cock after another. I find it hard to walk this morning."

 "Well today after breakfast we will go to the beach and relax. You think you can handle that?"

 Breakfast was juices and fruit with some sort of a biscuit. I'm so hungry I eat two of them. Mary grabs two more and wraps them and some of pieces of fruit. She also packs six bottles of water.

 "This'll be out lunch that way we don't have to leave the beach till sunset."

 My two-piece red bikini is molded to my body. The beach is away from the village and when we arrive a number of young people are enjoying the water. We find a shaded area under a tree and I lay out my blanket. I need to get some sleep after last night's adventure. Mary drops her robe, she's naked. I look at her.

 "We all go naked on this beach. It makes it easier for sex."

 Now I'm looking shocked.

 "Yes Jayden the girls and guy enjoy each other on the beach in front of everybody else. Sex here is a given and both the boys and girls enjoy it. If you're interested in joining just remove your bottoms and I assure you that a big black cock will fill you. You are the only white girls so you will attract a lot of attention."

 As we walk to the water we pass three couple in the throes of fucking. The girls are so well endowed. How I would love to know then intimately. There're nearly twenty people in the water splashing and laughing. It feels good on my body. Mary has struck up a conversation with a boy the next thing I see is she has her legs wrapped around him as he maneuvers his cock into her cunt. He slams his cock with deep thrusts until he ejaculates. Mary hangs on and I see her face contorts as she climaxes. The boy kisses her and lowers her in to the water.

 "Mary does everybody just fuck when they have the urge? It looks so sexy."

 "Well we do have sex a lot. I love it. Every time I've a weekend off I'm in the village. The beach is one of the reasons I come home."

 Mary has a sexual glow about her as we walk to the shaded area. Again we pass a number of couples humping with no thought of the people around them. I feel a tingle between my legs. When I look down I am shocked. My clit is extended and is pushing out against my bikini. I have grown nearly two inches. Reaching in my bikini I arrange it so it isn't sticking out. It helps but touching it has me excited. When we reach our shade I undo the two ties holding my bottoms and remove them. Now my shaven pussy is available for anyone to see and my clitoris, my fabulous larger than life clitoris. It sticks out from my body. What a difference.

 Mary and I lay side by side on our backs with our legs spread. Her clitoris and mine are nearly the same size and both are sticking up like miniature penises. Mary holds my hand. My desire to make love too her is so strong but it may not be accepted in the open. A warm glow runs over my body thinking about it. Mary nudges me. There are five naked young girls standing over us. My eyes focus between their legs surveying their cunts. The tingling feeling between my legs is magnified. Each girl is unshaven but her luv lips are open exposing the beautiful pink interior. They are all looking between my legs.

 "They're curious about white girls. You're likely the first one they have seen with her legs spread. The fact you're shaven is new to them. They want to touch you."

 I certainly want to do more than touch them, looking at them I sit up and spread my legs beckoning them to explore. The youngest is ten or eleven. She has perky breasts topped with large nipples. The hair surrounding her pussy isn't as heavy as the others. I smile at her and look to Mary.

 "I think she wants you Jayden. Do you like young girls?"

 "Well if they all look like her I soon could. How do I know if they are bi? She's so cute."

 "After the girls are done touching you just take her hand and have her sit beside you. By the look in her eyes she is taken with your white skin and shaved pussy."

 The girls kneel beside us and I feel fingers touching and prodding me between the legs. Everyone feels and rubs my clit. All this attention has me so wet. Twice I feel a finger enter me and once I felt a long finger in my asshole that is still stretched from last night's encounters. Finally there curiosity satisfied they get up to leave. Each thanks me for allowing them to examine me. Hell I enjoyed it. When the young girl gets up to leave I take her hand and squeeze it. Her smile is devastating. As she sits beside me my and is on her thigh caressing her. I want to finger her pussy but still have not seen any girl-girl activity in the open. Her name is Karen. She is sitting crossed legged which opens her pussy showing me what I want to taste.

 "Mary. where can I go with Karen? She is beautiful."

 "You don't have to go anywhere. Nobody will care. Look over there, see the two guys?"

 Two young boys are very close together spoon fashion, and then I notice that the boy facing the other boys back has his cock is deep in the other boy's asshole. Dumbfounded I watch as he brings himself to a climax. The boy on the bottom is pushing himself against this friend. Finally the boy pulls out his soft cock kiss his friend and offers his ass to him. I watch as his long cock disappears into the boy's asshole.

 This surprised me at first but then I realized I want to make love to his young girl. I guess some of both sexes have interests in each other. I pull Karen to me and kiss her. She tells me she is interested in continuing with her tongue seeking my tongue. My hands are on her breasts then I rub her nipples. She curls beside me face to face. My hand finds her wet soft cunt surrounded by soft tight curls. Mary is watching with interest.

 The ties holding my bra are loosened and it falls. Karen looks at me then has my nipple in her mouth sucking. Cradling her head I enjoy the sexual feeling. I can see the top of her dark peach and my desire to taste her grows. Mary has been joined by one of the girls that examined my body. They are sixty-nining. My fingers enter Karen's cunt getting drenched then to my nose for a wonderful smell then a taste. She had a faint taste of piss and sea water. The odor is breathtaking. My desire to bury my face between her legs has me remove my nipple from her mouth and lay Karen down. Once between her legs she seems to read my mind and spreads as wide as possible. The odor close to my goal is fantastic. Kissing her love lips causes her clitoris to poke its head from its hood. Lapping her juice fills my taste buds. My lips find her clitoris and my finger finds her tight asshole. I really don't how long I spent between this young girl's legs but when I come up for air, Mary is just positioning herself to get fucked by a very large black cock. Karen is panting looking at me with loving eyes. My finger has been in her ass for the whole time I am enjoying her pussy.

 Karen lifts her body from the blanket and kisses my juice-coated lips. Then she pushes me down to my back and latches onto my extended clitoris. This experience makes me happy I took the potion to extend it. Climax after climax has my body trembling. Before Karen goes we make a promise to get together again tonight. Mary grabs my arm to go back into the water to clean some cum draining from her pussy.

 "So you are enjoying our day at the beach? We still have hours. The guys are all talking about your pussy. They too are so delighted to have a shaved white girl on the beach. Are you ready to be fucked all afternoon?"

 "Well since I am here I guess I better do as the natives do. I can't believe how free everybody is about sex. Have you had sex with Karen?"

 "No but I will after you've gone. She's so young and looks so good."

 By the end of the day I am introduced to seven young men each with what seems to be massive sized cocks. Each one fucked me, some in the water other on the beach and one with me leaning over a rock from behind. I have been fingered and prodded and enjoyed every minute of it.

 The last thing Mary and I do before returning to the village is bath. She helps me remove the wads of cum from my dripping cunt and I do the same for her. My douches are getting a real workout.

 After the evening meal a dance is held. The rhythms of the night have me weaving with the people. Everyone is enjoying the activities. None of the women wear panties and many are dancing with cum draining down there legs. Couples pair off and disappear reappearing after sex. Their acceptance of sex as a big part of their life is so different compared to my sheltered life.

 During the dance three of my partners take me. The feeling of being filled each time has my body tingling with fulfillment. I never thought I would enjoy being fucked so many times. That night is like the night before I have many visitors. In the morning all of my openings are full of native cum. Two of my visitors had me suck them dry. Both Mary and I drag our bodies around the village totally exhausted. We fall asleep against each other during the ride back to the compound. That night is the first good sleep I've since Thursday. My body openings are sore but I wouldn't have missed that weekend for anything.

 For the balance of our stay both Kristy and I make ourselves available to the males in the compound. Every night I thank my mom for the birth control pills I faithfully take each morning. I can assure her not one is wasted. Like my mom I keep a diary of my adventures in Zambia. With each days entry I make a note on top indicating how many times I fucked one box g for girls and b for boys.

 It is a very sad day when we leave. All our co-workers surround us and most of them are crying. I learn that all five of us enjoy the adventures with the guys although some of the other girls had actual boyfriends and limited themselves to one guy Kristy and me played the field. Kristy had a very beautiful young girl as a lover for the last month. Often I would leave the cottage so they could be alone. This certainly isn't a hardship as many men are available to keep me busy. I have never douched so many times in my life.

 I did manage to see my young girl friend three more times during our stay. I have fond memories of making love with her. The last time I was with her we exchanged address and promise each other to write. Mary and I did the same thing she certainly is a very good friend. I can't thank her enough for introducing me to open sex. I will think of her every time Kristy sucks my elongated clit.

 As the plane accelerates down the runway there's tears in my eyes. Kristy looks at me and gives me a hug.

 "I feel the same way Jayden. I'm so glad you talked me into the trip. The rest of the girls feel the same way. We have had an experience of a life time."

 Once off the ground the lights of the airport grew faint. Soon we were in darkness with only the cabin lights on. Kristy and I curl up and soon I feel her hand unbuttoning my shorts. Her cool hand runs down my tummy to my very wet pussy and clitoris. When I feel her hand gasp it and slowly pump it I know it's something I'll never regret. Later when Kristy finally falls asleep I take my diary and read about the adventure. Curious I start adding up the times I got fucked. By the time the speakers tell us to buckle up I'm at two hundred and eleven times in my pussy and eighty-seven in my ass and I am not half way through. My pussy and clitoris are excited as the big plane touches the tarmac. Memories of the wonderful summer flash through my mind. The question is how will I ever revert back to the life I had?

 Mom and dad are ecstatic when they meet us. In the car my eyes make contact with moms and she has a very knowing smile on her face. It's a babble of voices in the car as both Kristy and I try to answer mom and dad's questions. During the ride home I have my hand on Kristy's pussy feeling the heat through her cloths. I lean over and kiss her on the cheek and whisper that we have to meet tomorrow for sure. She'll be the only one to take the edge of my needs.

 A comment dad mentions gets both Kristy's and my attention. The church is going to do this again next year. In unison both Kristy and I put our names up for candidates to return.

 We are both smiling as we squeeze each other's hand. I will let you know if we're successful.