Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Seventy-Five: Quetzalcoatls Horny Passion
Summary: Lasla uses her body to distract the quetzalcoatls!
Keywords: MF MMMF FF HF oral creampie anal DP exhib voy mosnter fantasy magic
Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Lasla  Uth Jungle

Lightning blasted out of the jungle, the air alive with current that made my arms prickle. Nazak, Stalker, and Nephi were all down as the others shouted in alarm. I could feel the lust of the quetzalcoatls. They just wanted to breed.

They were horny for women. For a womb.

They just want women! I cried, throwing up my arms.

More lightning flashed, striking Beliala. She dropped to her knees. Pradu went down, spasming. I knew what I had to do. I raced for the lightning, thrusting out my lust into them. I just had to connect with them.

I flared the lusts in the males around me. I found three of them. Three horny quetzalcoatls that wanted to pump their cocks in and out of pussy. Mine. The other women. It didn't matter to them. A wave of passion rushed through me. I was glad I was going naked. I was ready.

Let me tire them out! I called. I'll handle them!

Lady Lasla, whimpered Shetha as I dropped my robe. I marched into the jungle foliage, the plants brushing my naked body.

It'll be fine, I said as I drew on their lust. I wanted them focused on me. Rushing at me. Coming for me. They would devour me. That would be perfect. I couldn't wait for them to ravish me. My pussy dripped with excitement. I seasoned the air with my hot aroma. I will draw them to me. Trust me!

I focused all their attention on me, so eager for cunt. Their wings flapped. They soared at me through the canopy. The flying snakes had rainbow feathers. All those exciting colors swished through the green of the trees. Their serpent bodies were emerald, blending in with the foliage.

I felt their desires, though. They were all focused on me. They all wanted me. I loved that. They would come for me and ravish me. I shuddered at that prospect. It was so exciting. I licked my lips as they descended at me now. They were all going to fuck me so hard. Just pound me with their monstrous dicks.

The first one reached me, hissing. He dove at me, his cock thrusting out from his sheath. Lightning sparked across his fangs and struck me. I gasped as this rush of pleasure washed through me. My entire body went limp. I fell on the ground, unable to move.

I was stunned.

But I felt so good.

That current rippled through me. I stared at the quetzalcoatl as he descended to me. I was so helpless. Just lying here for them to ravish her. The first one hissed in delight and bruised his serpentine snout between my legs. He flicked his forked tongue onto my pussy.

I moaned. I couldn't speak. I couldn't move my jaw or lips. That tongue wiggled about in my snatch. It was incredible having him licking me. My pussy clamped down on him. A wave of delight surged through me at that touch.

The other two rushed at me. They were ignoring the other women they stunned, all focusing on me. Lucky me. Three hunky monsters all horny and ready to fuck me. It was a dream come true. This was just what I craved.

What I wanted.

I loved it so much. I was so ready to have them do such wild things to me. I wanted them to ravish me. It would be perfect. I savored that tongue flicking through me as the other two snarled at him. They all wanted me.

All were horny for me.

They had sharp fangs. Desires swelled in them to fight the first male for me. I couldn't have that. They needed to share me. I might be stunned and unable to move, but I could still manipulate their lusts. I seized them. Twisted them. Molded them.

The one licking my pussy pulled his snout from my pussy. I shuddered, missing his tongue in me, but I knew they would all be fucking me in a moment. I just had to guide them. I decided on which one would fuck which hole. The first one would get my pussy.

He just had to share.

He and the second both nudged my body. They were hissing in cooperation now. They rolled me into my side. I lay there, my boobs jiggling together, my cheek on the soft groaned. I couldn't do much but wait for the fun to start.

The first one slithered between my legs. He pushed them apart, his folded wings brushing my thighs. I loved that ticklish touch. I whimpered as his cock nuzzled into the folds of my pussy. He thrust into me. His wonderful, reptilian cock entered me.

He drew back his cock.

I moaned in delight. He had all these little spikes on them. That wasn't the right word. They were pointed, but they weren't sharp. They stimulated my cunt walls as he buried back into my snatch. He plowed into me deep and hard.

Yes, I thought. Oh, yes, yes, fuck me just like that. And you... You want my asshole. Go for it.

I manipulated the second quetzalcoatl. He slithered up behind me, his belly scales rubbing against my ass and back. His cock pressed into my butt-cheeks. He found my sphincter as I guided him. My cunt clenched down on the first quetzalcoatl thrusting away at me.

The second drilled his dick against my bowels. That felt so good. My anal sheath widened and widened to take him. This wave of heat rushed through me as he drilled harder against me. He stretched me out. It was a fabulous moment. My eyes rolled back in my head as his dick buried into my anal sheath. Whimpering moans burst from my lips.

Oh, Gods, you are doing so great, I thought as that dick sank into my bowels. Just keep that up. You're going to fuck my asshole so hard.

He did. He sank that spiked cock so deep into my asshole. Those little projects felt as great in my bowels as the ones in my pussy. The second quetzalcoatl sank to the hilt in my anal sheath. I moaned in delight, savoring having them both in me. He drew back and thrust away at me.

Two of the quetzalcoatls fucked me so hard. They thrust their naughty cocks in and out of me, the dual frictions rippling through my body. It was just so wonderful. I loved every last second of those delicious dicks fucking me.

And that left the third one. 

His cock thrust out from his scales, twitching and hard. Precum dripped from it that I wanted to drink.

That's right, I thought, reveling in the other two quetzalcoatls fucking me. Just ram that cock into my mouth.

He slithered over to me, lined up his cock and thrust it into my mouth. I loved the feel of him sliding past my lips. That was so hot. I suckled on him. I nursed with passion on his big dick. I wanted to caress him with my tongue, but... 

That would be moving.

So the third quetzalcoatl fucked my mouth. He thrust his cock in and out of my oral cavity. the salty flavor of his precum spilled over my taste buds. I loved it. I still managed to suckle on him. That was all I could do.

Suckle and moan.

The three quetzalcoatls fucked my holes. They thrust their cocks in and out of my mouth, pussy, and asshole. My body quivered with the delight of being fucked by the three monsters. To have their trio of cocks pounding me.

I trembled on my side as those big dicks fucked into my holes again and again. They pounded my cunt, my asshole, and my mouth. They fucked me so hard. The pleasure rippled through me. I moaned around the dick in my mouth.

They hissed.

Snarled.

They fucked me hard.

Their horny dicks buried into my three holes with force. I loved the cock burying to the back of my throat, the salty precum soaking my taste buds. My pussy and asshole clamped down hard on those two dicks. I held them tight, loving them burying into me over and over again.

The pleasure swelled in me. And in them. I felt it building in their testicles hidden in their bodies. They each had a load of cum for me. I wanted their monster-jizz spurting into me. Wings flapped as they fucked me. 

The winged serpents fucked me hard and fast. They buried into me over and over again. I loved it so much. I savored that hot delight swelling in me. Those two hard dicks plunged in and out of my pussy and asshole. The friction grew and grew in me. The need to cum swelled.

I clamped down my holes on their dicks.

That's it, you delicious monsters, I thought. Keep fucking me. Cum in me!

They hissed louder as all three hurtled toward their orgasm. I adjusted their pleasures, giving them more and more to enjoy as they fucked me so hard and fast. They drilled in and out of my holes. I loved this bliss so much.

I hurtled closer and closer to those climaxes. I savored the bliss building and building in me. It was an absolute delight. Just a fun thrill to have them plowing into me. She buried deep and hard into my pussy and asshole. I quivered, swelling toward that climax.

They buried into me. My pussy and asshole quivered. The pleasure burst in me. Rapture swept through my body. I bucked on my side, my cunt and bowels spasming around the quetzalcoatls' big dicks. They thrust away at me, hissing loudly.

I triggered their orgasms.

The three of them erupted at the same instant.

I groaned as hot and salty monster-cum pumped into my mouth. I gulped it down, loving it as the other two flooded my pussy and asshole. My cunt and bowels spasmed around those two erupting dicks, milking out their pleasure.

Yes! screamed through my mind. Oh, yes, yes! Las's big dick!

The quetzalcoatls' cum filled my holes. I loved them pumping more and more of their cum into my pussy. It was incredible having them flood me with all that they had. I gulped down more and more of the monster's yummy seed.

My pussy and asshole convulsed wildly around those dicks as my mind drowned in rapture. I milked the two quetzalcoatls' dicks with my hot cunt. I rippled around them. I suckled at them as I shuddered through all this bliss.

Such wonderful bliss.

It was perfect to enjoy. I lay here quivering in delight, my pussy and asshole milking their dicks. It was such a wondrous delight. I was so glad about it. I hit that wonderful peak of my pleasure as they all dumped their cums in me.

I had satiated them.

That was all they wanted. Just three horny monsters with such delicious cocks. 

They hissed as they pulled out of me. I shuddered as those horny dicks slid out of my pussy and asshole. A final wave of delight washed through me. They left me brimming with jizz. Cum dripped out of my asshole and jizz matted my bush. I lay there on my side, panting. They flapped their rainbow-feathered and soared off, leaving me dripping in cum.

She did it, Shetha cheered. Lady Lasla did it.

Of course she did, said Pyrriah. How long are they going to be stunned for?

A while longer, hissed Adazza, Kurtis's lizardwoman. Lady Lasla has her womb filled with cum. I must lick it out of her before her womb quickens with their foul eggs.

The red-scaled lizardwoman rolled me onto my back and spread my legs apart. I lay there, my head turned to the side so I could only see her out of the corner of my eye. She dropped out of sight and pressed her snout into my pussy.

I didn't need her to do that. The seed couldn't impregnate me. I didn't want it to. Pyrriah should know that, but my sister said nothing. Did she want me to be eaten out by the lizardwoman? Was my dear sister giving me another treat?

Yes, yes she was. Such a wondrous sister I had.

She would attend to our brother while Adazza thrust her forked tongue into my pussy. I shuddered, loving the way she scooped out the quetzalcoatl's jizz from my snatch. That felt so naughty. I loved it so much. I quivered here as her tongue flicked in again.

And again.

The forked end buried into me with such speed. It was so delicious feeling her penetrating so deep into me. I would have a huge climax. Just a big burst of cum. I wouldn't wait for that moment. I shuddered here as her tongue danced around in my snatch, tickling my cervix.

She pulled out more of the cum. Pleasure rippled through her. She enjoyed that. I was glad for that. I swelled her desire to feast on me and make me drown. It was amazing feeling her tongue flicking through my folds. She drove me wild with that slender and long tongue plunging into me and dancing about over and over.

She thrust into me as I moaned here. My round boobs jiggled. Jizz leaked out of my asshole as my body shuddered. Adazza plunged her tongue in all the way to my cervix. She tickled my entrance. I shuddered as a spasm ran through me.

She pressed her tongue into my womb.

I had never felt the like. Her tongue wiggled around in my womb, touching the walls of my uterus. She gathered up the monster cum that had ended up in there and pulled it out. She let out a sigh of relief. She had cleansed me.

She pressed her scaled lips into my pussy folds and plunged her tongue in and out of me. She fucked me with that delicious appendage. That sent such delicious delight washing through me. She built me toward another orgasm.

I couldn't wait for it to burst through me. I would have such a great climax. Just such a wondrous one. I quivered, my cunt clamping down on her tongue thrusting into me. She swirled it around in me. She teased me with it. That felt so good. Just so perfect having her dancing it about in me. 

I whimpered, my boobs jiggling. They quivered as her tongue flicked through me. It was just perfect. I loved every last second of this delight sweeping through my body. she teased me with it. She drove me wild with that wonderful treat. It was just a perfect moment having all that pleasure swelling in me.

I would have such a great orgasm.

Adazza, I thought. You are delicious.

She swirled her tongue around in my pussy, teasing me in such exciting ways. That was such a wonderful treat. I trembled here, loving every last moment of this. She was driving me wild. I whimpered.

My fingers twitched.

My body started to move. I moaned louder, almost able to speak as that naughty tongue danced around in me. She did such wicked things to me. I was so ready to cum. Just so ready to burst. I loved this so much.

Yessssshh, I slurred.

My orgasm burst through me.

My entire body spasmed. My pussy cream gushed out into her mouth. The lizardwoman flicked her tongue up and down my pussy lips. The forked end teased my labia as the pleasure swept through me. The delight washed over my thoughts.

Stars flashed across my vision as I moaned out louder. I bucked my tits heaving. My back arched. I was able to turn my head, the pleasure washing through me. I drowned her in my pussy cream as the ecstasy poured through my mind.

Oh, yes, yes, I gasped. Las's big dick!

I was able to move again. I ground my pussy against the lizardwoman's snout as the pleasure washed through me. I savored every last second of this delight. I savored the bliss washing over my mind. It was perfect.

Just the sort of delight that I loved. I was in heaven here. I shuddered, savoring that wonderful moment. My eyes rolled back in my head as that final wave of pleasure. I panted, the lizardwoman nuzzling into my cunt.

She felt so good doing that. I pushed myself up to see the others were standing. Pradu hissed in fury, staring off at the jungle. Kurtis stretched. He looked around and did not look happy, either. We had been ambushed.

If those creatures had been trying to kill us...

A shiver slashed through my pleasure.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

We made our first camp. I wasn't at all happy about what happened. We had to be more careful about it. We set up the tents and cooked the dinner. I wanted watches held. Multiple people on them. Everyone was in agreement.

I took the first watch with Pradu and Nazak. The lizardman stood like a statue while Pradu prowled around the campsite. I sat down on a stone to listen to the night. The hooting died away, but there were other sounds out there.

The brush rustled as creatures or monsters moved in the dark. I didn't feel any lust out there, though. I should have had more warning with the quetzalcoatls. Detected them before they attacked and brought down half the party.

They took down everyone who could fight. They would have fucked my women. If Lasla wasn't eager to be taken by monsters...

The night moved slowly as I sat here, my head aching slightly. I brushed the bandage on my head from the arrow that had nearly killed me. 

Luck had saved me.

The others were sleeping. Nazak didn't move at all. He wasn't asleep, though. He was loyal to my sister. Stalker slapped nearby. He had sharp senses, too. The first one the monsters took out. 

Pradu wore her tiger's head. She sniffed the air as she padded around the edge of the campsite. It was so dark here, too. Hardly any moonlight penetrated the canopy. My eyes adjusted, but everything was still in darkness.

After several hours, the tent flap rustled. Someone slipped out. I could tell it was Shetha by how she scampered on all fours to me. My lamia knelt before me and pressed her cheek right against my clock in the breechcloth I wore.

My dick hardened as she purred.

I'm on watch, I said, feeling her lust for me.

I won't distract you, Master, she purred. The rumbling from her throat hummed through her jaw and into my cock. You can keep looking and listening.

Pradu paused. She didn't say anything as she resumed circling.

I shouldn't let my lamia suck me off. I placed my hand on her head between her ears. I petted her. she purred louder, nuzzling against my cock. My dick was so hard now. It was hard to resist her as she started pushing the cloth aside.

Her smooth cheek rubbed on my dick directly now. That was a treat. I loved the feel of her doing that. She had such a delicious feel. My cock throbbed against her. My heart pounded in my chest as she turned her head and licked at my dick.

Shetha, I groaned as my lamia's tongue slid up my dick. She reached the tip. That was a delicious moment to feel. She danced around my crown. You mustn't.

Her tail swished behind her. You haven't said no.

She swallowed my cock.

I groaned at her warm mouth engulfing my dick. She slid her lips down it. I leaned back against the jungle tree. I stared off at the dark, listening. I just heard her purring as she worked her mouth up and down my cock.

Pleasure raced down my dick to my nuts. I shuddered as her purring massaged the crown of my cock as she suckled on me. Her ears twitched as I petted her. They were sensitive ears. I hoped she was listening to me as she nursed on me.

Shetha, I whispered, wanting to be quiet.

She nursed harder. Louder.

She suckled with such wet slurps as she purred. It was so wild feeling her doing that. My dick twitched over and over again as she loved me. She wanted my cum. I could feel that lust in her. She wanted to drink my jizz.

She loved me and my seed. That was how I ruled my harem. Through lust. I conditioned all my women to want my dick. My sisters. My dragon-mother. All of them. I closed my eyes, savoring what Shetha did to me.

Her warm tongue danced around the crown of my cock. I stroked through her silky hair as she nursed on me. She brought me closer and closer to cumming. I would flood her mouth with so much jizz. Just pump her full of my spunk.

Gods damn, I groaned.

She suckled with passion on me.

You're going to get it. You're going to get what you crave.

Her tail swished faster back and forth. Loved the feel of her nursing on me. Her purring grew louder. The vibrations were outstanding. I loved this so much. My face twisted in delight as she loved me. My nuts tightened.

I would have a huge orgasm.

A big burst of cum would flood her mouth. She suckled on me. Slurped on me. It was amazing. I loved it so much. I savored her slurping on my cock. She loved my dick with all her might. It was beautiful having her suckling on my cock like that.

Yes, I breathed. Oh, yes, just like that.

She worked harder. My nuts tightened. I wouldn't last much longer. Not with my delicious lamia suckling so hard on my dick. My balls swelled with the pressure to cum. I hurtled toward that wondrous moment. My hand tightened in her hair. 

Her purring massaged the crown of my cock as her tongue slid around the shaft. She suckled hard. My nuts lurched. My entire body shuddered. The pressure at the tip of my dick burst. I erupted into the lamia's hungry mouth.

Gods damn, I groaned as I spurted my cum into her mouth.

She gulped it down. She swallowed my spunk with hunger. It was just a delight. I savored her swallowing every last drop of jizz that I erupted from my dick. Her ears twitched as she swallowed more and more of my spunk.

Las's big dick, I grunted.

The pleasure slammed through me and washed over my mind. I loved it. This was an incredible moment. I felt so good as I pumped her mouth full of my cum. It was perfect. Just a true delight to have her gulping down all that spunk.

She sucked my balls dry.

I panted as she kept nursing at me, the pleasure dying away. I sucked in deep breaths, feeling so good right now. That was just a perfect moment. I loved it. A big smile spread on my lips as I stroked through her hair.

Such a bad kitty, I groaned.

She popped her mouth off my dick and purred, I know!

She licked her lips then scampered up three I leaned against. Her tail brushed my face. She must be taking her turn on the watch. Pradu was waking up Princess Naryu. Nephi stepped out to relieve Nazak. I yawned, feeling good.

I crawled into my tent where my sisters were both sleeping. Mother, however, was awake. She sat beside them, almost invisible in the darkness of the tent. If my eyes hadn't adjusted so much, I would have easily missed her there.

She touched the bandage on my head. How is it.

Fine, fine, just some headaches. I smiled. Shetha took care of that.

Good, she said. Get some sleep.

I lay down between my sisters. Lasla and Pyrriah both snuggled up to me reflexively I pulled them to me and closed my eyes. I sank into sleep. We would have more days of traveling through the jungle, and at the end...

I dreamed of a mountain of skulls. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

It was on our third day of traveling through the jungle, when the trail we walked upon came to a... totem. It was planted on the ground with the skull of a lizardman on it. Green hide was wrapped around it, dried blood coating it. More bones were around the base, fallen there.

What is this? My brother asked in revulsion.

The Flayed Tigressss hassss marked her territory, said Adazza. Beyond thissss point, we tread in her landssss.

My skin crawled. Flayed Tigress?

I wondered if my brother had the strength to overcome such bloodthirsty rakshasas as the ones here. Princess Naryu shook her head in disgust. The rakshasas of Naith didn't do such barbaric acts. They just killed each other in the shadows and held gladiator games.

Barbarism was barbarism.

There was a different air now that we were in the Flayed Tigeress's domain. We had already defeated the lizardmen of the Viscera Tigress. But we didn't know what the forces were like for the Flayed Tigress. Other than she sounded disgusting.

We pressed deeper, moving with care until we made camp again. We found a little grove. We cut vines to refill our waterskins. Others were cut to feel the cooking pots to make our stew. Mother took over cooking tonight as we settled into each. Nazak and Stalker patrolled the perimeter. Oberoy sprinkled his fairy dust around to give us added protection.

The succubus and incubus were sitting on the opposite side of the fire. They kept to themselves, watching and observing. I wondered how useful they would be. They could be pretty useful if we could get the enemy to fall asleep.

They could invade their dreams and fuck with them.

An idea tickled the back of my head. 

Diane started to dance. She did this every night. Something beautiful to watch as the darkness pressed in around us. The firelight played over her pale skin and silvery hair. Her breasts jiggled as she undulated her hips.

She kept our spirits up, and tonight was no exception. Her hips undulated. She wiggled that cute rump, her pussy peeking out as she swayed. Her breasts were just delicious. My clit throbbed and itched as she danced.

My hermaphrodite-cock grew. It swelled out from the folds of my pussy and throbbed before me. I shuddered at that. It felt so naughty having it twitching and throbbing in the open. Diane noticed her, her tongue flicking over her lips.

I clapped my hands to beat, my cock pulsing in time.

She danced before me so sensuously. I could feel her lusts building. She wanted to enjoy a different sort of dancing. A different way of swaying. It would be just fantastic. I loved how she moved. How she undulated. It was a perfect treat. My heart pounded as she moved closer to me.

I leaned back.

Yes, my brother said, clapping his hand. He had Pradu licking at his cock. Her tongue slid up to the hilt of him. She danced her tongue around his crown before she swallowed him. Dance how you want, Diane!

She smiled at me and dropped to her knees, straddling me. She pressed the wet folds of her pussy against the crown of my cock. I groaned as she pushed down and down me. She sank down my cock, swallowing every inch of my dick.

It felt incredible.

I groaned as she did that. I loved her pussy devouring my dick. She took more and more of me. She swallowed every last inch of my dick. It felt so incredible having her cunt devouring every inch of my dick.

Gods, I groaned. Oh, gods damn, that's so good.

She smiled at me, her hips undulating back and forth. She stirred her cunt around my hermaphrodite-cock. She drove me wild with that hot twat. I savored every last inch of her pussy sliding around my dick. It was a fabulous rush to have her doing that.

Just perfect.

Diane threw her arms around my neck and kissed me. Her lips worked on mine as she slid her pussy up my hermaphrodite-cock. She danced her cunt from side to side, giving me such pleasure. My girl-dick drank in all that wondrous pleasure.

She rode me as the others watched. My brother clapped a beat that the others joined in on. Diane danced her cunt up and down my hermaphrodite-dick to that beat. It felt incredible having her do that. I loved it so much. My girl-cock swelled with such passion. I knew I would have such a huge explosion. 

I would just burst in delight. That felt amazing. It was a fantastic rush to have her riding me to the beat the others clapped. They were all watching us. Cheering us on. It was so hot having them do that. I was so thrilled that they were. 

Yes! cried Lasla. Dance on my sister's hermaphrodite-cock!

Mmm, my daughter has such a mighty clit-dick, Mother said with such pride in her voice.
Yes, she does! Shetha said. Like Master's cock. They're both amazing!

Definitely, purred Lilica the succubus.

I loved hearing that from the succubus as Diane worked her cunt up and down my cock. She squeezed her snatch around me. It was just a wonderful delight to have her twat squeezing about me. She held me with that amazing cunt. She drove me wild with it. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure of this moment. 

She wiggled her cunt around my dick, sending such delight rippling through me. That felt amazing. It was just a delight to have her riding me. Just a wonderful thrill having her snatch sliding up and down my dick. She gripped my snatch around my cock. She massaged me with that delicious twat.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, Diane!

Mmm, she purred, her pussy squeezing around my hermaphrodite-dick. The heat melted down my shaft and soaked through my pussy. It's so much fun dancing on your cock, Pyrriah!

I grinned at her, savoring it.

My ovaries tightened with my load of hermaphrodite-cum. I reveled in her working up and down me. She gripped my cock with that hot snatch. I loved the passion of her pussy massaging me. She brought me closer and closer to erupting. Nearer and nearer to cumming in her.

I couldn't wait to flood her with all my spunk. I wanted to just pump all that jizz I could into her snatch. She craved it, too. I could feel that lust building in her as she worked her twat up and down my hermaphrodite-cock. She felt just absolutely stunning doing that.

My brother clapped faster.

Diane worked her pussy up and down my hermaphrodite-dick faster.

I loved that. She matched the rhythm. The moon maiden was the consummate dancer. Her hips wiggled back and forth, stirring her snatch around my girl-cock. I hurtled toward my orgasm. I would have a big one.

A mighty burst of delight.

I couldn't wait to cum in her pussy. To flood her with all my jizz. She whimpered as she rode me. Her pussy held my dick tight. I loved every last second of her riding me like this. I wanted to grab her rump, but my hands were behind me, bracing me.

The beat grew faster. Faster. I loved it.

That's it, Kurtis growled, his hands cracking together.

The others followed him. So did Diane. She squeezed her cunt around my hermaphrodite-dick as she rode me as fast as she could. My girl-cock loved it. The heat washed through my pussy and rippled around my ovaries.

They quivered.

So close to bursting.

I couldn't wait to pump my girl-cum into her snatch. It was just a fabulous moment. Just fantastic to have her working that beautiful twat up and down me. The beat was so wild. We were both moaning, singing out to the song.

I loved everyone's attention on us. Focused on us. It was so wild. Diane whimpered louder. Her voice was so musical. The pressure in my nuts swelled toward that bursting point. I was so closer to erupting and so was she.

She plunged her twat down my dick. She took every inch of me, her orgasm exploding through her. I loved the way her pussy spasmed around me. She convulsed, feeling so incredible. I shuddered, my pussy clenching as I loved the feel of her cunt. She writhed around me. Spasmed with such intensity.

It was so good.

Yes! I moaned.

My hermaphrodite-dick erupted into her pussy.

I fired blast after blast of my girl-cum into her snatch. Her flesh writhed around me. It was a fabulous treat. Stars danced across my vision. I loved every last second of this rapture sweeping through me. 

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, Gods, yes! Las's big dick!

Pyrriah! she moaned, hugging me tight as her pussy rippled around my girl-cock. She milked out my hermaphrodite-cum from my ovaries. I shuddered with each blast. With each eruption of my girl-spunk into her pussy. Oh, Pyrriah!

I held her tight, stroking her back as the pleasure washed through me. My pussy spasmed, adding that delicious rapture to the ecstasy jetting from my girl-dick. I felt so good as I dumped the last of my hermaphrodite-cum into her pussy.

Just so amazing

The steady clapping became wild applause. Diane rose off me. She stood, beaming at her family, my hermaphrodite-jizz dipping out of her pussy. I felt so good about it. Pradu licked her lips clean of Kurtis's cum. He had a nice explosion while Diane danced with me.

I wanted more. I grabbed Princess Lavhi and pushed her down to her hands and knees. She purred, her body quivering. She was such a pleasure addict. I pressed my cock into her butt-crack, found her asshole, and thrust.

Yes! she moaned.

Her anal ring widened and widened for my dick. I loved the feel of her velvety sphincter stretching around my pussy-lubed shaft. I popped into her bowels, savoring her delicious sheath massaging me. Warmth melted up my hermaphrodite-cock to my pussy.

Oh, Shetha, Mother groaned, the lamia sucking on her dick. 

Stalker mounted my sister and fucked her hard. Solomas the incubus pushed Lilica the succubus down. He mounted her and fucked her. Diane had inspired everyone. I loved it. I sank to the hilt in the princess's asshole.

I gripped her hips and drew back. Her velvety bowels gripped my cock. She held me tight with that hot asshole. I loved it. I slammed back into her anal sheath. She groaned as I did that. I loved how she held me as I fucked away at her.

I pounded her with force.

My boobs bounced as my hermaphrodite-dick buried into Princess Lavhi's asshole again and again. Lust spilled through the camp. I loved it washing over me as I ass-fucked the rakshasa-princess. I hammered her anal sheath with force.

I loved every last second fucking her with passion 

I slammed into her anal sheath. Princess Lavhi gasped. Her asshole convulsed around my cock. She spasmed about me, suckling at me. I loved the feel of her bowels rippling around me. She suckled at my dick as drew back my hermaphrodite-shaft.

I plunged back into her anal sheath, my ovaries drinking in the heat spilling down my girl-dick. It was magnificent fucking her bowels like that. Just fantastic to hammer her anal sheath. I plunged into her over and over again.

Oh, oh, Mistress Pyrriah! whimpered Princess Lavhi. That's so good. Fuck me!

I grinned, fucking her hard. The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my hermaphrodite-dick. That need to cum into her bowels grew. I loved it. I pounded her with my clit-cock, the pleasure spilling through my pussy. Juices ran down my thighs.

I loved every second of ass-fucking her. The others moaned. Gasped. Princess Naryu trembled as Diane licked her pussy. I loved the sight as I fucked hard into Princess Lavhi's asshole. I buried deep into her. 

Mother groaned, Shetha sucking hard on her hermaphrodite-dick.

My own clit-cock throbbed in Princess Lavhi's bowels. The pressure built and built at the tip of my girl-dick. The need to cum in her mounting. My pussy grew hotter with each thrust into the rakshasa's asshole. 

Oh, oh, oh, she moaned, rocking back into my thrusts.

She squeezed her bowels around me. She held me tight with her anal sheath. It was magical having her grip me like that. I loved it. I savored that heat as I fucked her bowels with everything that I had. I pounded her with such force.

I rose toward my orgasm. I hurtled toward that amazing moment. Her bowels clenched down hard on my hermaphrodite-cock. She held me with that amazing anal sheath. The velvety texture brought me closer and closer to cumming.

Matar's big dick, Shetha, Mother moaned.

Mmm, yes, yes, I purred, slamming hard into the rakshasa-princess's asshole. She squeezed down on me as I drew back. 

My ovaries quivered.

Las's big dick! I moaned and buried into her snatch.

I plowed to the hilt in her spasming bowels and erupted.

I pumped blast after blast of my hermaphrodite-cum into Princess Lavhi's asshole. I shuddered through the rapture. Ecstasy flooded out of my cunt as the euphoria fired from my clit-dick. My boobs bounced as I savored that delight.

Yes! gasped Kurtis as he flooded Pradu's pussy. 

Mother spurted her cum into Shetha's mouth while Lilica squealed beneath the incubus, the pair of them writhing together. The entire camp brimmed with pleasure. Lasla whimpered beneath Stalker as her panthopus fucked her hard.

I savored the rapture shooting from my erupting hermaphrodite-dick. I pumped more and more of my passion into Princess Lavhi's asshole. I filled her with my girl-jizz. She moaned, her bowels rippling around my girl-cock. She suckled at me.

Yes, I moaned, my pussy spilling juices down my thighs.

It was outstanding. I loved every last second of this bliss sweeping through me. I groaned through it. I was in heaven right now. Just savoring every last moment of this rapture sweeping through me. It was spectacular.

I grunted and groaned with each eruption of girl-cum into her bowels. Her anal sheath milked me. She shuddered as she milked me dry. I erupted a final blast of my jizz into her. I felt so good. The others were moaning, too.

I ripped my hermaphrodite-dick out of her asshole. Oh, that was good, Princess.

She fell on her side, curled up in her ball. She mewled. She wasn't as useless as she had been, but she was still addicted to pleasure. She rubbed at her pussy as she trembled there. I panted, savoring the pleasure buzzing through me.

Stalker, Lasla moaned. That's

A strange screech knifed through the orgy. Adazza stood as another shriek filled the night. It was high-pitched and shrill. Then came snarls. Horns sounded. They sounded like the ones used when we were attacked by the lizardmen at the edge of the jungle.

Everyone jumped to their feet. Rakshasas grew their tiger heads. Nephi blurred into her sphinx form while Nazak hefted his great club. I reached for my tulwar. I didn't have one. My brother did. He grabbed his as Diane whimpered.

The horns sounded again then cut off abruptly.

The shrieks grew more and more frenzied. They didn't sound close. A few miles Away. I backed up with Diane closer to the fire. Beliala had her whip out, ready to crack it down. Kurtis glanced over to Adazza.

A band of lizardmen were attacked by raptorssss, she answered. My former mistressss sent huntersss after ussss. They encountered the Flayed Tigressss'ssss raptorssss. The fight is over. The lizardmen did not prevail.

A final screech filled the night.

Fuck, Kurtis said. Let's keep double watch tonight.

I nodded, my heart pounding in my chest. That was so scary. I couldn't believe that there was something like that out there. I was glad that we were nowhere near them. I didn't even realize we had hunters. But... that made sense.

We were all silent as we ate our meal and soon we were turning into bed. Adazza had told us about the dinosaurs that served the Flayed Tigress. Raptors sounded horrifying. I didn't want to encounter any of them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Things were tense the next day. The sounds of the attack had everyone on edge. I marched near the front of the group, keeping my ears peeled for anything. The air was so still this deep into the jungle. It was hot and wet. I was never dry.

Steam drifted through the trees. The mist above us. Water dripped from everywhere. The sounds never died. Monkeys hooted. Birds cawed. We kept marching down the trail, moving deeper toward the Skull Tigress's territory.

If we could slip through without the Flayed Tigress picking up our scent...

I didn't think that would be likely. She had found the lizardmen, and they had to be better at moving through the jungle than us. Adazza said it was probably a small scouting party. Two males following us. 

They were bold to enter another Tigress's territory and paid for it harshly.

Any lusts? Shetha asked as she scampered beside me. She liked moving on all fours.

No, I said. Any scents.

She shook her head. The air is still. Scents can drift far, but not fast. Not without the wind to speed them to my nose. 

I don't feel anything lusty out there, either, said Lasla. She scratched at Shetha's ears. So you don't have to worry right now. And if there are any monsters, well, I'll just fuck them. It worked...

She trailed off as all the monkeys stopped hooting.

Gods damn, I breathed and drew my tulwar.

The rakshasas and Nephi growled. Shetha gasped as something rotten and fetid reached my nose. A predator was out there. Kyaza's bow snapped and an arrow shot off into the brush. A snarling screech erupted like those terrible ones from last night.

Bursting out of the brush with an arrow in its shoulder, was a lizard running upright on two legs like a large bird. An ostrich or an emu. Only it was as big as a horse with brown scales and dark-green stripes. It had a rectangular muzzle that opened wide, brandishing sharp teeth. Its forearms were stunted and curled in on its side. It leaped in the air for Nephi.

She jumped at it, wings flapping. They crashed in the air. The brush burst on both sides of us as more of the raptors charged in. I shoved Lasla behind me as I held my sword out at the one rushing at me. I was so aware I wore nothing but a breechcloth.

I would give anything for armor as it leaped at me. It had a wicked, sharp claw on its foot curved like a scythe.

To be continued...
