What She Heard Him Say
by holly_texasgirl

What She Heard Him Say Pt. 06

Fort Lauderdale trip_Monday and Tuesday.

Tuesday

Today we were taking the final exams and a class photo so we wore cargo trousers and our black organizational pullover polo shirts so there was not much of an opportunity for exposure. Although I did enjoy the attention my breast juggle and hard nipples received as I walked in the classroom. We both did well on the exams and after the photo and receiving our certificates, we left the venue. On the way back to the hotel, Sean asked if there was anything in particular I wanted to do the rest of the day. I told him I would like to go to the beach and work on my all over tan.

At the room, Sean changed into shorts and shirt, and loaded the mesh backpack while I put on the beach cover up that I had worn before. During the walk to the car, I was accustomed to the attention and stares. I was no longer self-conscious but rather emboldened to push my chest out further make it obvious I was wearing nothing under the cover up. Before getting in the car, I slipped the cover up over my head and put it on the back seat. Before we left Fort Lauderdale, Sean pulled into a fast-food drive thru. He looked at me and smiled when I did not reach back to get the cover up and smiled even more when I turned toward him and leaned against the passenger door. The girl at the pay window, just looked at me as if I were dressed but the guy at the service window stared until Sean asked if we could have our food. We pulled into a parking space and ate our lunch. Sitting in the car nude in public eating a burger and fries felt almost normal now.

During the drive down the interstate, I did not flash but did not hide either. It was clear from expressions that some people were shocked, some were smiling and some were oblivious to a naked woman riding in the car next to them on the interstate.

In the beach parking lot, I got out of the car and put on the cover up until we crossed over to the beach. Once past the beach warning sign, we took off what little clothes we had on and put them in the backpack. It felt so good to be walking outside in public with the sun shining on every part of my body. We picked a spot near the water and laid on out towels. Sean put lotion on me and then I put lotion on him. We sensuously massaged each other as if no one were around. I was definitely wet and when I was done with him, Sean was clearly erect. Not wanting to waste his engorged cock, I told him I wanted to walk on the beach. After gathering our stuff, I put my arm around his waist and we began walking down the beach. My glistening pussy was not so obvious but Sean's semi- erection was. I enjoyed the looks we received as walked down the beach with Sean's impressive cock swinging to and froe. It was again clear to me that I had become addicted to the attention derived from public exhibitionism.

After walking a while, we spread out towels and walked into the water. I turned to Sean and he took me in his arms. I kissed him and just enjoyed the feel of our naked bodies touching in the water. Once we had cooled down from the sun, we went back to the towels and reapplied lotion. I told Sean that I was starting to feel like I was on the verge of starting to get too much sun.

He said, "It is getting close to supper. Let me give Robin a call and see she and Rob are doing.

He called and they said they were about ready to head home and turn the shop over to the next shift. She said we should stop over, have something to eat and give them an opportunity to say goodbye.

When we arrived at their condo, Robin answered the door in the nude and told us to come in. Rob was also nude on the deck drinking a beer. Robin asked if we wanted to take a shower and wash the suntan lotion and sand off while Rob went for hot wings.

We got in the shower together and, as before, I enjoyed the intimacy of having Sean wash my hair and all of my body. Even better was my washing every part of his body, parts that I had never imaged touching in another person. When we were done, we dried each other and went out in the deck without putting anything on.

Rob came back with the wings and we ate on the balcony. Robin asked if we could stay the night and Sean explained that we were flying out the next day. Rob gave me another beer but Sean declined because he was driving. As we talked, Robin brought her right foot up on the chair so that her pussy and large inner lips were clearly exposed. I saw that she was absently pulling her large pussy lips and could see that she was aroused. I am not sure whether it was because I was looking at her pulling on her lips or because she was looking at me watching her pulling on her lips, but I had the overwhelming urge to take those large lips into my mouth.

I glanced up and saw that she was smiling at me. I got up from my chair and knelt in front of her and spread her knees further apart. I leaned into her and started to suck on her nipples while reaching down and sliding two fingers into her pussy. After sucking hard on both nipples until they felt like pebbles. I started kissing down her body toward her pussy. I kissed all around her pussy, savoring her aroma and her obvious pleasure. She reclined the chair and was lying flat on her back with her legs spread on each side of the chair. I sucked on her lips separately and together, wishing mine were as big. I pulled the lips apart and spread her pussy so I could sick my tongue more deeply into her. I was dripping wet myself.

I felt someone starting to pay attention to my pussy and then felt the head of a cock being rubbed up and down my slit. I started to push back but the teasing continued. The cock then started to slowly enter me. I knew from the size that it was not Sean. When Rob's length was in me, he started to slowly withdraw until the head of his cock was out but against my pussy and then he just as slowly went back in. I was enjoying it but had not forgotten about Robin.

With one hand I started to fuck her with three fingers. With the other, I slide the hood of her clit back so it was fully exposed. Then I started to suck on it rub it with my tongue. I felt Rob's hand slide under me and start to rub my clit as he fucked me. I felt the orgasm building and Robin was breathing heavily and pushing my head to her pussy. Almost simultaneously I felt the orgasm hit me and then Robin tensed and arousal gushed out of her. As I was coming down, I felt Rob thrust into me and hold it as his semen shoot into me.

We all stood up and Robin said, "Since you guys are leaving, can we take a photo of us all together?"

Rob set the timer on his phone and we leaned against the balcony with the ocean in the background. Robin stood on my right and we put our arms around each other. We reached around enough that our hands were just above our pussies, both of which were clearly swollen and glistening. The guys were on the outside and we also had our arms around each other. Rob's cock was limb but still swollen and wet. Sean on the other hand was fully erect. Rob texted each of us a copy of the photo and when I opened it and looked at it, I saw that it was an awesome photo. It was obvious that Robin and I had the freshly fucked look on our faces and pussies. Sean's erection was a work of art. After saying our farewells, Sean put on his shorts and I pulled the cover up on and we left. It was a very, very good day.

When we arrived back at the hotel, I asked Sean if he wanted a drink before we went to the room since he had to limit his intake at Robin's. He said he did so we went to the hotel bar patio and sat at our usual table. At first, no one seemed to notice my state of undress. Someone looking closely could see that I had no bottoms on and when I put my elbows on the table, my entire breasts were visible through the large arm holes on either side. The only thing not visible was my pussy since the point of the cover up in front was between my legs. I acted as I were dressed and just enjoyed the attention and stares.

When Molly came out with our drinks, she stopped short and looked me up and down. She continued to the table and put our drinks down. She said, "Bailey, I am glad I don't have to make a living selling you clothes because I would starve. You look amazing again. It is just the pick-me-up I needed since I am working a double shift today and tomorrow. My friend in room service asked me to take fill in for her in room service during the morning shift."

I said, "Thanks and I wish we were staying longer so we could get to know each other better."

She said, "Me too. Hope to see you again before you leave."

When we got back to the room, Sean said, "If you want, I will shave you again for the trip home."

I told him I was thinking the same thing and headed for the shower. Sean began by lathering shaving cream on my arm pits and shaved them. He then knelt in front of me and lathered me from waist to toes. He began shaving at my hips and continued down my legs. I was amazed that he could shave my knees and toes better than I could. When he was done with the front, he asked me to turn around and he again shaved me from waist to heels. He had me bend -over and he shaved between my cheeks to just short of my pussy. I found it hard to believe that I felt no embarrassment from his touches.

I sat on the bench and spread my legs as he knelt in front of me. He spread shaving cream on my pubic area and gently shaved the entire area. Even without his touching, I was ready to have him in me again.

He dried me and we went into the room, where I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked as good as I felt and also noticed that my inner labia appeared larger and more visible, which I also liked. They were nowhere near the size of Robin's but longer than they used to be. Sean said, "Remember, if you want to start waxing like me and the crew, you need to let your hair grow to about 1/4 inch. Then let me know and either Shannon or I will set you up."

I looked at Sean and told him I needed him He laid next to me and worked his magic. I had already cum once by the time he finally penetrated me. As he slowly withdrew and then pushed his full length into me, I started to cum again. I wrapped myself around him clung to him so he had to stay in me. I squeezed him and felt him push further into me. Then he stopped and stiffened even more deeply in my vagina. As I felt him shot his sperm deep inside me, I thought I would pass out I was in such ecstasy.


What She Heard Him Say Pt. 07

Bailey's Trip Home.

Going Home

After having sex with Sean, the next thing I remember is waking up with the sun in my eyes and Sean laying on his back next to me. I wanted to go home with at least two more loads of Sean's sperm in me, so I took his cock gently stroking him to full hardness and then took him in my mouth, savoring the taste of both of us on his cock. When he woke up, I climbed on top of him and put his cock into me. I thought since he had not gone to the bathroom, he wouldn't be able to control his orgasm as much as usual, so I sat all the way done and rotated my pelvis giving us both the maximum sensation. It did not take long for us to both cum and I collapsed onto his chest.

Sean looked at the clock and said that we needed to think about getting cleaned up, packed and leaving for the airport. I reluctantly got up and we went into the bathroom. I started the water as Sean stepped next to the toilet. I turned, walked up behind him and reached around him. I took his cock in my right hand and held his cock while he peed and held him tightly against me with my left hand. I wanted to enjoy this last chance at intimacy with him.

Sean said he would order breakfast while I got started in the shower. We washed and dried each other. As he was putting shaving cream on his face and I had just finished drying my hair, there was a knock on the door and I heard "Room Service". I opened the door and Molly was standing there with breakfast. She laughed and said, "Why am I not surprised that you have no clothes on?"

I told her to come in and she brought the service table in and started to set up breakfast. I said, "Sean, breakfast is here."

He said he needed some coffee and walked out of the bathroom wiping shaving cream off his face. He saw Molly and said, "Good morning, great to see you again before we leave."

She looked at him, sat down and then stared at his cock. She said, "Oh my god! No, it is great seeing you. I had no idea you would look like that. I have seen photos of men that big but never in person."

She looked me and said, "No wonder, you are always wet. Do you mind if I just touch your husband?"

I said, "Well to answer your question, we are married but not to each other. Since my husband is not here, I am sure Sean would not mind."

Molly took Sean's cock in both hands and said, "Amazing!"

Just as she looked as if she wanted to do more, her phone rang. She looked at it and said, "I am being called and have to go but I sure don't want to. You and his wife are some very fortunate women." She wrote her phone number and her email on a pad. She hugged Sean and then me. As she left, she asked that we should keep in touch.

Since Sean had half of an erection and it was a continental breakfast, I dropped to my knees and took him in my mouth. When he was fully erect, I asked him to please cum inside me one more time. He led me to the bed and started to make wonderful love to me. He played my body like a master violinist plays their violin. He slowly built my arousal until I was ready to orgasm and then backed off. When he finally had me so my pelvis was involuntarily rocking, he knelt between my legs and rubbed the head of his cock against my pussy. He laid on top if me and thrust his full length into me. I came so hard I must have passed out. I became aware of him slowly moving in and out of me. The afterglow and total sexual fulfillment were overwhelming. As I held on to him and he was slowly working his full length in and out of me, I rolled over the edge to another orgasm. I felt him spasm and shot his cum deep inside of me.

After we were back to normal, we got up, ate breakfast and I packed everything except my side tie dress, shoes and make up. I pulled my fair back behind my ears and applied a little more makeup than I used to prior to this trip. When I dressed, I looked in the mirror and was very pleased with what I saw. The dark red wine-colored dress, nude high heel ankle strap sandals, pink rose lipstick and my exposed tanned skin made me look and feel like a different person. Sean looked at me and said, "Bailey, you look absolutely stunning. I was going to have Shannon wait for me in the cell phone lot but I want her to see the new Bailey so I will have her meet us at baggage claim."

Sean told me to walk across the room and to sit on the chair so we could preview what the dress might reveal. From the top and side of my left breast down my left side to my ankle was exposed. I was surprised to see that although my left hip was exposed my vagina was not visible when I walked or sat down. When I crossed my left leg over my right, the entire leg was exposed. Now it was not the "unintentional" exposure of my pussy or nipples that was exiting but rather the sexiness and allure of what I was wearing that was arousing me.

I enjoyed the looks I received as we checked out of the hotel. When we turned in the rental car, the attendant might have gotten a shot of my pussy when he was holding the door for me as I got out of the car. The attention I got at security and waiting at the sky club made me aware of a whole new avenue of enjoyment. Even though all my bits were covered, people looked at me as if I were naked. I never appreciated the power a woman has until this trip.

Sean travels a lot and has an elite airline status so he was able to get us first class seats. As we were sitting there drinking a complimentary mimosa, I crossed my left leg over my right, exposing my entire left side and leg. During the boarding process, there were very few people who didn't notice and stare at my hip and leg and I enjoyed it. Since the dress was dark enough, I didn't worry about a wet spot from my arousal.

The flight was enjoyable even without a chance to expose myself without it being obvious that it was intentional. Besides, I just want to enjoy the last few hours of being with Sean. We discussed the week and all that happened and I told him how much I appreciated his helping me to transition to a much better woman and how much I owed Shannon.

Walking to the train to get to baggage claim, I held onto Sean's arm. My left leg was exposed close to my pussy and I again received the desired attention. When we got on the escalator, I finally had to let go of Sean. Sure enough when we got to the top, Wes was there waiting for me. When he saw me, I thought his eyes would pop out of his head. He eventually came over to me and hugged me. As we walked to baggage claim, he held my hand but was very quiet.

At the baggage carousel, Shannon walked toward us. She looked incredible in a white jump suit that had leg splits from the ankles to her hips with a halter top with a plunging neckline that tied behind her neck. There was a slight breast jiggle, and the outlines of her nipples were visible. She walked up to Sean and kissed him. She broke the kiss, looked at me and said, "Welcome home. Sean was right when he said you and that dress are stunning."

She hugged me and whispered, "I look forward to getting together and getting to know you better."

When I returned her hug, I noticed that the back of her jumpsuit went well below her waistline. I whispered back, "Thanks so much for sharing Sean. You both are amazing. And you look good enough to eat."

As we broke the hug, Shannon laughed and said, "I'll remember that!"

Shannon gave Wes a quick hug and told him it was good to see him again. We made small talk until the bags arrived and then parted company. For the first time in my life, I felt there was something missing in my life.

THE TRIP HOME

Wes and I walked to his truck and he seemed as deep in thought as I was. We put the bags in the back seat. When I got in the truck, the gap in the dress opened so everything below the tie was exposed. Wes looked at me and appeared to notice but didn't say anything.

Heading south on the interstate, I was lost in thought. I was thinking how the paradigms through which I viewed my life have shifted. Although I had felt good about my body but ambivalent toward sex, I thought I was happy and content, with a husband that was interested in me. I was thinking about Sean filling me with his extraordinary cock, our shared intimacy, the satisfaction and contentment from his love making, the excitement of being exposed in public and fearing that I would not be able to experience it all again with Sean when the newer version of "Just Pretend" came up on Wes's playlist. It hit me like a ton of bricks and I was fighting back tears.

Wes could not have picked a worse time to say, "You know I can see your nipples and it looks like you don't have any underwear on."

I saw red like never before, I opened the bow on the side of my dress and slipped the dress off my shoulder so I was completely exposed. I raised the center console so the seat was like a bench seat and turned toward him. I put my left foot on the top corner of Wes's seat and my right foot on the dash. I said, "You're right Wes, that's because I have nothing on under the dress. My nipples are hard, my shaved pussy is wet, and I have been like this for most of the last ten days."

About that time a full-size pickup truck was passing us and blew the horn. Wes looked at the men in the truck who were giving us a thumbs up. Wes said, "What are you doing? They can see you! Put your dress back on."

I reached down and started to slowly run my finger up and down the slit of my pussy. I said, "I am doing what you told me to do."

He said, "What are you talking about? I never told you to get naked in the truck and flash guys."

I said, "Sure you did. How many times did you ask me if I would have sex with another man while you watched?"

Wes said, "I said that yes, but I meant for us privately in our bedroom."

I said, "Each time you said it I asked why and you never answered. So that may be what you meant BUT what I heard you say was that you were not satisfied with your wife who never looked at another man much less thought about having sex with anyone else, I could have sex with anyone I like, and that I could fuck other men."

As I finished, I saw another man in SUV next to us looking at me. I smiled and waved at him.

Wes looked out the window and saw the guy smiling and pointing. He said, "That is insane. I never said or meant anything like that. It is just a fantasy that I thought we both would enjoy."

I said, "So in your fantasy world, I am supposed to just disregard our vows and let another man, men or couple use me in the way only you were supposed to use me? Are you too naive or too stupid to consider how this would affect you, me and our marriage? Did you think that after I became submissive and performed with another man or men for you that everything would go back to normal or be better?"

I said, "Well it's too late now. That genie is out of the bottle. I like my body. I like showing it and the attention I get when I do. I like having the option to have sex wherever, whenever, and with whomever I want. I don't like wearing clothes. I know now that you were not satisfying me sexually and that you were only interested in your satisfaction. Does it turn you on now that are other people are looking at my pussy right now?

I sat up and slide over next to him. I said, "Does it make you hard knowing that your wife has been naked in public and had sex with other men and women?"

I reached between his legs and felt his cock. I said, "You are hard so I guess you do like the new Bailey. Let me show you something else."

As we were exiting the interstate, I opened my window unzipped his jeans and slid them and his underwear as far down as they would go. I got on my knees and pointed my pussy at the passenger window. I leaned down and took his cock in my mouth until my lips were against him. I mouth fucked him for a few strokes and said, "Tell me how you like you cock sucked."

I went down on him again but this time I slide my teeth against his cock. After a few strokes like that, I stopped face fucking him and sucked as hard as I could while rubbing my tongue on his cock. I could sense he was getting close, so I slide up to the head of his cock and started to suck it as hard as I could while rubbing it with my tongue. I felt him stiffen and try to thrust as he erupted in my mouth. I gently sucked him dry after the initial spurts and then licked him clean.

I sat up and slid next to him, putting my left arm around his shoulder and held his deflated cock in my right hand. I asked, "So does the new Bailey pique your interest?"

He glanced my way and said, "Aren't you going to get dressed?"

I replied, "No. I am very comfortable. Since you didn't answer my question, I will assume you are looking forward to getting to know the new Bailey better. How would you feel, if I told you that you that was the third time today that a man had ejaculated into me? Would it turn you on thinking about seeing that very long, thick cock sliding in and out of me? Rubbing my clit, hitting my G-spot and thrusting so deeply into me that his cock touched parts of my pussy that had never been touched before. Causing one orgasm after another to the point I passed out and when I finally came back to my senses, he looked me in the eyes and thrust even more deeply into me. He held there and I felt his cock swell in me and then shoot his sperm until it flowed out of me."

As I was talking and gently stroking Wes's cock, it started to swell until he was fully erect. I stopped stroking him and said, "Unbelievable! It does turn you on. Most men hearing that their wife had been fucked by another man would have been upset and either told her to pack her bags and have the other guy come pick her up because he didn't want her anymore or confronted the guy and told him he better leave his wife alone."

Wes said, "Did you really screw another man or are you making that up to upset me?"

I said, "Would it really matter to you at this point? You're sitting there with a hard on. Tell me Wes, in your fantasy, after you pimped me to another man or woman or group of men and I was putting on a live sex show for you, what were you doing? Taking photos, making a video, masturbating, waiting for sloppy seconds? I sure hope you weren't expecting me to welcome you back in my arms and act as if nothing happened. Stop at the bar restaurant at the light, I need a drink or three or four."

The lot was not very crowded so Wes parked about two rows from the side of the restaurant. As Wes started to put his clothes back in order, he looked at me and said, "Are you going to get dressed?"

I looked at him, smiled and said, "Maybe."

He just looked at me as if he didn't know what to say. I pulled the dress on and was tying the side as he got out of the car and was waiting in front and as I got out of the car, Wes turned and started to walk to the restaurant. I slammed the door closed the door and walked away. I felt a tug on the dress and after another step, I felt the dress open and slide off my shoulder so I was standing in the parking lot with nothing on except my shoes. I realized that the tie had caught in the door and said, "Wes, I could use a little help here."

He looked at me and said," What are you doing?

I said, "The tie to my dress is caught in the door. Unless you want me to walk into the restaurant naked, you need to unlock the door."

He unlocked the door so I could open it and put my dress back on. As we walked into the restaurant, I was aroused thinking how many people saw me standing nude in the parking.

While looking for a table, I spotted Constance and Tom, her husband, sitting at a table by the window looking into the parking lot. Constance was facing the window and her husband was sitting across from her and saw us coming in the door. He waved and we went to their table. He got up and sat next to Constance, so Wes and I sat across from them.

Constance said, "Welcome home but, wow Bailey, that was quite a wardrobe malfunction. There was nothing left to the imagination."

I said, "Thanks and I know. I have been home less than 2 hours and have been nude in public most of it."

She said, "That was indeed a lot of exposure."

I said, "I agree. That has been happening a lot since I stopped wearing underclothes, shorts and slacks."

Tom looked at Constance, smiled, said, "What are you talking about?"

At that point, the waitress came to the table and asked if we wanted anything. I ordered a double Black Bush neat and Wes said he just wanted water.

After she left, I explained that as I closed the car door the tie to my dress caught in the door. I looked at Constance and said, "Do you mind if I show Tom since he didn't see it?"

Constance laughed and said, "Go ahead, I'll tell you the rest of the story later and probably reap the rewards on the way home."

I untied the knot and pulled the dress open and halfway off my right shoulder so that both nipples were displayed above the table and my pussy below the table. Tom stood up on his stool and leaned over the table so he could see the rest of me.

Tom looked at Constance, smiled and said, "She really doesn't have anything on under her dress. Not as unusual as you thought, huh?"

Wes said, "What are you doing? Anyone who looks can see you are naked. Fix your dress!"

I said, "I'll bet that anyone who sees me would not complain. Tom and Constance don't seem to mind."

I pulled the dress together without tying it and reached over to feel between his legs. "You're complaining but have a hard on. You are getting what you wanted so just stop or I swear I will take this dress off, walk up to the bar and ask if anyone wants to take me home for the night."

The waitress brought the drinks and as she put them down, she said, "You know your dress is open?"

I said, "We were just discussing that. My husband seems to think it might bother people that my bits are exposed. Does it bother you?"

As she was walking away, she said, "Not at all and Joey, the bartender, is going out of his mind seeing you."

Constance said, "Wait a minute. You are losing me here. Why aren't you wearing underwear, shorts or slacks anymore and what do you mean that is what Wes wants?"

I said, "It is a long story but the short version is that Wes has decided that he has not been satisfied with the way I was. You know, a one-man woman who had no interest in other men. This trip provided me time to think and experiment and I have decided that, among quite a few other things, I am only wearing clothes when I have to and then as little as possible as well. You'll see there is an entirely new Bailey in the neighborhood."

Wes started to say something and I just looked at him and said, "I warned you Wes, stop or I am fairly certain that you will be going home alone tonight."

Constance and Tim just looked at me and then Wes and Wes just looked down at the table. After a few moments of awkward silence, Constance said, "You have a great all over tan and it looks awesome on you. No lines to spoil it makes it look even better."

I said, "I think so too and it was very enjoyable working on it."

Since I didn't care to go into any more details of the trip or our situation, I finished my drink and said, "I guess we better get going so I can get home unpack and finish introducing the new Bailey to Wes. Tomorrow is a comp day for me Constance, why don't you stop over tomorrow for lunch and drinks about noon? Are you ready Wes?"

Walking to the car, Wes said, "I don't know what has gotten into you? It's like your evil twin got off that plane today."

I got in the truck and took off my dress, folded it and put it on the back seat. I said, "No Wes, I am the same woman but view the world differently now. I thought I explained this earlier. During your version of foreplay the night before I left you asked me to think about having sex with another man in front of you. Well, I did think about it the entire trip. Wes, follow my thought process here. The males of most species do not tolerate another male breeding their mates. Clearly from your reaction earlier, it arouses you to think of another man or men having sex with me. If you want other men, a group of men or another couple to have sex with me in front of you, you are essentially telling me that it is also OK to have sex with other people when I want to. I experimented a lot in Florida and, as I said earlier, I enjoy being nude generally, exposed in public specifically and having people see me. I enjoy sex with other men and women. You have a wife who will have sex with other people so you got what you wanted."

Wes said, "You have taken everything I said wrong."

We stopped at a red light turning into our subdivision, I opened the window so I could be more easily seen and said, "No Wes I didn't. Whether you consciously or unconsciously wanted to dominate me, humiliate me, control me, or be a submissive vicariously through me, I guess you are going to have to just accept me the way I am now. If you look at it the right way, this could be a benefit for you but understand that if I ever join in a live sex in front of you, it will be my decision, not yours."

Approaching our house, I saw our other neighbor, Heather, coming out of her garage to her mailbox. Heather is recently divorced and has caused a stir in the neighborhood by always cutting her grass wearing a bikini and wearing a skimpy thong to a pool party. I was part of the crowd that looked down on her but things have sure changed. I told Wes to pull over to her mailbox.

She came to the truck window and said, "Hope you had a good trip."

When she saw I was naked, she followed up with, "Oh, wow, I didn't see this coming, but I have an outfit very similar to the one you are wearing."

I said, "If tomorrow is one of your work from home days, stop over for lunch. Constance is also going to be there. Oh, and feel free to bring your outfit similar to mine."

Heather smiled and said she would see me tomorrow.

We pulled into the garage and I got out of the truck and opened the back door to get my dress and backpack. Wes said, "The garage door is open and people can see you with no clothes on."

I said, "Look, I am in my garage and can wear or not wear whatever I want. Besides, it won't be the last time someone sees me. Of course, you could take your clothes off and join me. You're going to have to accept this."

I took the backpack and dress into the house and up to the bedroom. When I came down, I asked Wes if he wanted a drink. He said he wanted a beer so I got it for him and a bourbon for me and went out to sit on the patio.

Wes came out, saw me and said, "Are you seriously going to sit out with no clothes on."

I said, "Yes. How many times do I have to tell you that? Try it you might like it."

