	After the incident with Mitch, school went back to normal for me. I showed up, people looked at me funny or flat ignored me and I did the dame to them.
	My home life had actually been tolerable lately too. Mom had a full time job and wasnt around when I got home, which made life so much easier for both of us.  My schoolwork had improved and I was doing great in all of my classes.
	Except math. Evil bastard math I just could not get! No matter how hard I tried I was getting a D and, if I didnt find a way to do better, Id fail math and have to either do summer school or repeat my grade.  I didnt like either of those options at all.
	Mr. Marsden stopped me after math class and handed me back my test that I had spectacularly failed. Hed been nice enough to make a small F at the top corner instead of a giant one that I felt I deserved.
	I looked at the test and sighed. 
	What is it about the material that youre not getting, Lizzi? He asked.
	All of it! I said.  I dont get any of it.
	Do you think a tutor might help?
	I sighed again. Great, just what I needed, someone to look down their nose at me because I couldnt do math and they could.
	I dont know, I said.
	Maybe you should try one, he said.  When I was your age I had a really hard time with English. Commas and semi-colons, it all made no sense and I was really frustrated with it all.  I got lucky and got a tutor that showed me a different way at looking at what I was doing and now I can put the comma in the right place in a sentence. Most of the time.
	I chuckled and said, Okay, Ill give it a try.  Do you know anyone who can help me?
	In fact I do, he said.  And hell do it for free too since Ill be telling him to do it.
	I frowned at him and he laughed. Your tutor will be me son Jack.  Hes really good at math and hes a good teacher. I like to think he takes after me but he gets his patience from his mom.
	I just nodded and he told me to meet Jack in the library after school.
	School passed by and, when it was finally over, I wandered over to the library to meet Jack.  I walked in and looked at the table and found only one person alone.  He was looking at me as I walked in and I figured he had to be Jack.
	As I walked up to the table I looked him over.  He had Mr. Marsdens brown hair but Jacks was stringy and looked like it was allergic to a comb.  He was rail thin and his clothes hung loosely on him.  His eyes seemed to bug out behind his thick glasses. If there was a picture in the dictionary of the word geek, they would have asked him to model for it.
	Are you Jack? I asked, standing in front of the table.
	Yeah, he said. And youre Lizzi, right?
	I nodded and sat down across from him. So how does this work?
	Well, I need to see the test my dad gave you. Maybe I can see where youre not getting it and we can work on that.
	I opened my backpack and pulled out the test and handed it to him.  He frowned at it, his finger running slowly down it as he looked at my answers.
	Is it fractions that are giving you the hard time? He asked, setting down my test.
	And everything else, I grumbled.
	Okay, pull out your book and lets go over some stuff.
	For the next couple of days, Jack tried to help me understand what I was doing wrong.  All this seemed to do was frustrate me and make me more pissy.  He took it all in stride and was great about it so I tried my best not to be pissy at him,
	To add to my frustration a couple of Mandys minions had spotted us and now were coming into the library every day and giggling at us. 
	We had just finished another session and I was not in a good mood. Jack was trying to stay upbeat as we walked out of the library.  He kept telling me Id get it, it would just take some more work.
	Well, well, well, Mandys nasally voice said, If it isnt the whore and the geek.
	I turned and gave her a glare.  I wanted to smack the stupid bitch but I had enough heat on me from the incident with Mitch and Todd. Another one of those and I would be expelled and have to do this all over again next year.
	Having trouble with math, whore? Mandy asked.  Id think youd be good at it with all those twenty dollar blow jobs you give.
	I ignored her as much as I could and started down the hall.
	And what about you, geek? She continued.  It doesnt surprise me youre hanging out with her.  The only pussy you could every get is the kind you have to pay for.
	Her and her little minions all laughed hard at that. I turned and look at Jack.  He stood in the hall, his head down, his face burning red.  Seeing him like that, something inside me snapped.  She could be a bitch to me all she wanted but I wasnt about to let her pull that with someone like Jack.
	I laughed loud and said, Mandy youre such a dumb bitch.  Hes not paying me, if anything, I should be paying him. God! The way he fucks me with that big cock of his is mind blowing. Ive never had a man like him.
	I walked over and took Jacks hand in mine. I could see his jaw hanging open as he stared at me.
	Come on, baby, I said. Lets go grab your dads car and go up by the lake so you can fuck me on the hood again.
	As we walked away, I looked back and Mandy and said, Oh, I hear you and Mitch are going together now. Just to warn you, if you can actually find that little pee pee of his, he doesnt last long so get used to being disappointed.
	We walked out of the school and I stomped off to the detention and late kids bus, leaving Jack to stare after me.  I didnt even think about him until I was home and my anger had worn off. I probably should have said something to him but it was too late now. 
	The next day we met in the library as usual. Jack was unusually quiet and seemed to have something he wanted to say but he kept stopping himself.  We went through another useless session of trying to teach my stupid brain math before we gave up. To make things more frustrating it was Friday and we had a test on Monday and I was still not getting it.
	We left the library and walked outside. He stood looking at me, his mouth opening and closing, still wanting to say something.
	Just say it, Jack, I said.
	What?
	Youve been acting weird and I know you want to say something so just say whatever it is and get it over with, I said.
	Thank you, he mumbled.
	For what? I asked.
	For yesterday with Mandy, he said.  Nobodys ever stuck up for me like that before and you were awesome.  You had her pissed and speechless which was so cool.
	I grinned and said, Yeah, it was.
	Ive never had a friend who had the guts to stand up to the snob brigade, he said.
	My smile fell off my face and voice came out like ice. Jack, Im not your friend.  Im the girl youre tutoring, thats all, got it?
	His eyes widened in shock and he managed to mumble, Yeah. Okay, sorry about that.
	Okay, I said, turning to walk to the bus.
	Lizzi, wait, he said.
	I turned to face him, my anger pouring out of my eyes at him.
	My dad said you have a test on Monday, do you think youre ready for it?
	I sighed and said, Not a chance in hell.
	Do you want to do some extra work tomorrow? Ive got my license and I could come get you and we could study at my place or yours or wherever.
	I glared at him and said, So you want to bring me over to your place. Let me guess, your dad wont be home and well have the place all to ourselves? Just because I said those things yesterday doesnt mean youre getting into my pants, Jack.
	No, no, no, he said, raising his hands.  My dad will be there and I was hoping he could help me to help you.  I would never try to get in your pants like that. I just want to help.
	I felt my anger start to cool. Why had I gotten so pissed at him so fast? He wasnt Mitch, he wasnt out to screw me and laugh at me, he was just a goofy guy that liked math and liked me because Id stuck up for him.  
	And how had I treated him? Like Mandy would have. I suddenly felt really small.
	Can you pick me up at the Burger King on 6th at eleven? I asked.
	Sure, he said, a small smile tugging at his lips.  Ill see you then.
	I watched him walk away before calling out, Jack, Im sorry I bit your head off. Its just With the whole Mitch thing I have some issues with guys being nice to me.
	His smile widened and he shrugged his shoulders.  Its okay.  I get it.  Besides, Ive been called worse so dont worry.
	He turned and headed for his dads classroom while I stood there feeling like crap. I felt like the lowest form of scum after what Id said to him. Hell, scum wouldnt even have anything to do with me right now.
	He was nice.  He had a good heart and really was honestly trying to help me for no other reason that I needed help. I dragged myself over to the bus and tried not to smack myself upside my head the whole way.
	The next day, Jack picked me up and took me back to his place.  The two of us and his dad sat down at the kitchen table and worked for a couple of hours trying to help me get it better.  I was actually doing a little better.  It was starting to make a little more sense to me but math still sucked.
	After a while, Jacks dad headed out to do some errands and we moved to the front room floor since it was a lot more comfortable than the chairs in Jacks kitchen.
	We went through another round of problems and I screwed them all up. Again. I flopped back on the floor and yelled, I hate math!
	I looked up and caught Jack staring at me.  When I flopped back my shirt had pulled up a little and was exposing a lot of my stomach.  It didnt help that this spring had been really warm and I was already wearing shorts. Shorts that showed a lot of my leg, one of the other areas Jacks eyes were spending a lot of time.
	He looked up and saw that Id caught him staring.  His face turned red and he turned away. 
	Maths not all that bad, he mumbled.
	I sat up and pretended nothing had happened. So did Jack. We went back to working problems but I caught him taking the occasional peek at me.  Just yesterday I would have been screaming at him about it but today, after I figured out that not every guy is Mitch, I started to enjoy it.  I liked to be seen as a girl and not a whore or an annoying daughter. 
	When Jacks dad got back I had him take me home since my brain was nothing but mush.
	Monday rolled around and I took my test and hoped for the best. Mr. Marsden told me to come by after school and hed have it graded so we could see how I did.
	The day drug on and, after a million years, finally ended. I ran from Science back to Mr. Marsdens classroom.  I ran and in and stood, impatiently, waiting for him to go over my test.
	When he finished, he looked up at me and gave me a huge grin.
	You missed a few, but you did good enough for me to give you a C, he said.
	Yes! I yelled jumping up and down.  
	I still think you have some work to do with Jack but youre getting it. Good job, Lizzi.
	Thank you, I said. I have to go tell Jack.
	I ran from his class and headed over to the library. I spotted Jack heading that way and called out his name.
	He stopped and waited for me and I could see the anticipation in his eyes.
	Well? he asked.
	Your dad says I still need work and I think I could have done better, I said, stalling just to be evil.
	But how did you do? he demanded.
	C, I said, grinning.
	A huge smile lit up his whole face and he said, Thats awesome, Lizzi. I knew you could do it.
	He had believed in me, even when I wanted to just give up. He kept pushing me and I had done better thanks to him.  Id lied to Jack before. He was my friend.
	I throw my arms around him and said, Thank you, Jack. I couldnt have done it without you.
	He hugged me back and, when we broke the embrace, I could see his face was bright red. I bet it wasnt every day a girl threw herself into his arms.
	So should we get to work and see if I can get a B next time? I asked.
	Sure, he mumbled.  I just have to go to the bathroom first. Ill meet you there.
	We spent the next week working every day after school and, a couple of times, during lunch.  I was starting to really get the math and I was also just enjoying spending time with Jack.
	He didnt expect anything out of me and just wanted to be my friend. Even though I was his friend, I was still a girl and I caught him looking at my legs or down my shirt a couple of times. What surprised me was that I didnt mind. In fact, I was starting to enjoy the attention. 
	On Friday he asked if I wanted to come over again on Saturday and I said yes.  He picked me up at the same time and we went over and did a little work on my math skills.  His dad had a gold game and had to leave a little early which was okay with me.  I really hated his kitchen chairs!
	Jack and I settled in the front room again and did a little math between talking. I caught him peeking in my tank top and I snapped my fingers and said, Jack, my eyes are up here.
	 I dont think Ive ever seen a persons face get as red as Jacks got.  He started to get up, probably to run and hide, but I grabbed his hand and pulled him down.
	Jack, look at me, I said.
	He just shook his head.
	Jack, please, I said.
	Reluctantly, he turned his head and faced me.
	I met his eyes and said, Its okay, I was only teasing.  Besides, its not the first time youve checked me out.
	Somehow his face managed to get redder. Im sorry, Lizzi, please dont be mad.
	I laughed and said, Im not. Its okay. Youre a guy, and a teenage one at that. Id be more worried if you werent looking.
	He looked down and mumbled, Its just Youre so pretty and I I just cant help myself sometimes.
	A small smile tugged my lips up. You think Im pretty?
	He looked up at me and met my eyes. I could see him mustering all of his courage to speak. 
	Youre the prettiest girl Ive ever seen, he said.
	My smile grew wider and I could feel my face growing warm from a blush of my own.
	Jack, Im not all that.  There are a lot of girls prettier than me at school.  Even that bitch Mandy is way better looking.
	He shook his head and said, No shes not.  She has boring blue eyes; your eyes are ice blue and so amazing to see.  And I love your hair; it has that little curl to it that bounces when you walk. I love it when you dont put it up in a ponytail.  Mandys hair just hangs lip and looks crappy.
	He said it all in a rush and I was sure he hadnt meant to say it all but I was so glad that he had. Tears pooled in my eyes as I looked at him. I managed to say, Thats the nicest thing anyone has said to me in a long time, Jack.  Thank you.
	Its all true, he said.  I promise.
	I leaned towards him and touched my lips to his.  It was a short kiss but I wanted him to feel as good as he made me feel.
	He jumped back and put his hands to his lips.  He stared at me, his eyes so wide I worried they might fall out of his head.
	Is that the first time a girls kissed you? I asked.
	His mouth worked but no words came out. Finally, he managed to nod.
	Did you like it? I asked.
	Yes, he whispered.
	Do you want to kiss me again? I asked.
	He gulped and nodded at me.
	I moved close to him and leaned forward. I touched my lips to his and felt him shaking. I pressed my lips against his and slowly opened my mouth. When my tongue touched his lips he moaned loudly and opened his mouth.  He thrust his tongue into my mouth too fast, almost gagging me.
	I leaned back and said, Slowly, Jack. Gently.
	Sorry, he said.
	Its okay. Ill teach you for a change, I said.
	I kissed him again and, this time, when our mouths opened, he slid his tongue slowly into my.  I swirled my tongue against his. At first he just jerked his tongue back and forth but very quickly he started to follow my lead.  When I let out a low moan of pleasure I could feel his lips pull up in a huge grin.
	I pulled back from him and we stared at each other, each of us out of breath. I smiled at him and asked, Did you like that one too?
	He grinned and nodded rapidly.  It was the best thing ever.
	Just wait, I said, giving him a wink.
	He came closer and we kissed again.  I leaned back and lay down on the floor under him.  His body pressed against mine and I could feel his hardness through our shorts. 
	As we kissed I took his shaking hand and put it on my breast.  He gasped and broke out kiss.  He looked from his hand against my breast to me. 
	Move your hand in little circles and squeeze just a little, I told him.
	He did as I told him and I moaned under his touch.  I watched him, staring in amazement at his hand on my breast. I grinned and pulled his hand off of my breast. He looked confused but I gave him a smile to calm him.  
	I grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head.  I lay back down, only my bra hiding my breasts from his wide eyes.
	I want you to kiss my stomach, Jack, I said.  Little kisses and work your way up to my breasts.
	His whole body was shaking from the rush of hormones pouring through him and I was enjoying myself intensely.  
	He leaned forward and kissed my stomach.  He started with big, sloppy kisses and I slowed him down and told him what to do. His kisses turned to small, feather soft touches of his lips against my bare skin.  I lay shivering under his touch.
	I had him kiss and lick along my stomach, just above my shorts before making his way up to my breasts.  He kissed the skin between my breast and then the tops of them. He learned fast and kept his kisses so soft and gentle, teasing my skin with each one.
	I stopped him again and, this time, reached under myself and unclasped my bra. I slipped it off and watched his eyes take in my breasts.  He stared long and hard at them and I could see him etching the sight of them into his memory.
	Are these the first tits youve ever seen? I asked.
	He shook his head and, when he spoke, his voice was shaking just like the rest of him.
	No, Ive seen a couple of my dads Playboys.
	How do I compare? I asked.
	So much better. Youre perfect, he said.
	I felt a twinge in my heart at that word.  Alan had called me perfect. Alan had taught me to feel and know what I wanted from a man.  Now I was teaching Jack how to please a woman.  My life, in less than a year, had truly come full circle.
	I reached up and pulled Jacks face towards my breasts.  He kissed slowly shrinking circles around my nipples. I shivered when his lips grazed my nipple. I had him lick small circles around and across my nipples, making me gasp with every touch of his tongue on my sensitive skin.
	When I couldnt take it anymore, I pulled his face off of my breast and kissed him passionately.  He pressed himself between my legs and I ground myself against his hard cock.  He moaned loudly and I ground harder.
	I broke out kiss and slid out from under him. I stood up and reached down to unbutton my shorts. I watched his eyes as he stared hungrily at my hands.  I slipped my shorts off and let him take in the small, white panties I was wearing.
	I hooked my fingers under the waistband of my panties and slid them down.  I stood naked before him and basked in his hungry stare.
	I layed back down on the floor and took his hand in mine. I placed his hand on my thigh and slowly slid it up to my wet pussy.  He shivered and bit his lip ad his hand pressed against the heat of my skin.  
	I took his middle finger and pressed it against my swollen clit.  I showed him what to do and let him take over.  Slowly he rubbed his finger against my clit. He made small circles around it and then rubbed it gently up and down.
	I took his wrist in my hand and had him slide his finger lower.  I felt the pressure of the tip of his finger against my pussy. Slowly, just a little at a time, he began to slide his finger in and out of me.
	I lay back on the floor and watched him as he touched me.  His face was a mask of concentration and a thin shin of sweat showed on his brow.  He worked his finger deeper into me and I pressed against him.
	When his finger was completely inside of me, I let out a long moaned and told him to go a little faster.  He did and I lay there enjoying the feel of him pleasing me.
	I reached out and put my hand on his thigh, making him nearly jump off of the floor.  I grinned and, when his finger returned to its rhythm of sliding in and out of my pussy, I slid my hand a little higher on his thigh.  
	He jerked again but never lost rhythm this time.  I slowly made my way up his thigh and onto his shorts.  When my fingers brushed the hard lump in his shorts he jumped again and looked at me.
	I grinned at him and touched his hardness again making him jump yet again.  He looked at me and said, Youre enjoying that too much.
	My grin was a full blown evil smile by then.  
	And youre not? I asked.
	Never said that! He said.
	While his finger slid in and out of my pussy, he reached forward with his other hand and began to massage my clit.  I let out a loud moan and slid my hand completely onto his cock.
	I slid my hand up and down the outside of his shirts, listening to him moan with me, making me hotter and hotter by the second.
	I gripped his cock through his shorts and squeezed it as he touched me.  My body was tingling all over and I could feel myself closing in on an orgasm.
	I gripped his cock and breathed, Harder!
	His finger slid deeper into my wet pussy and I ground myself roughly against his finger.  My entire body burned and I arched my back and cried out as I came.  He kept sliding his finger in and out of my pussy as I cried out again and again; feeling like my body was going to explode from the strength of the orgasm.
	When the orgasm finally released me I had to grab his hands and stop him.  The feeling of his touch had become too intense.
	I collapsed back on the floor, trying to catch my breath while he watched me.  Once I was a little more steady, I said, Your turn.	
	His eyes widened and his nervousness was back tenfold.
	Lizzi... Im not sure, he said.
	Why not? I asked in confusion.
	Im Im not all that and I dont want you to laugh, he said.
	I gave him a smile and said, Jack, I would never laugh at you.  I trust you completely and I want you to trust me to, okay?
	He gulped and gave me a quick nod.
	I want you to take your clothes off for me, I said.
	He stood and pulled off his shirt, showing his skinny chest and just a few strands of chest hair.
	His hands shook so back it took him three tries to unbutton his shorts.  I eyed his hard cock as it pressed against the front of his underwear.
	He turned and slipped his underwear down, giving me a view of his ass that I thoroughly enjoyed.
	When he turned around he had his hands cupped over his cock, hiding it from my view. I had him lay down, which was quite a chore for him to do while he hid his cock from me
	I knelt beside him and pried his hands up.  His hard cock stood straight up at me, waiting for my touch.
	I looked at him and asked, Why would you think Id laugh at you, Jack?
	His eyes looked away from mine and he mumbled, Im not all that to look at.
	I smiled at him and said, In one area you are a lot to look at. And Im enjoying looking.
	He turned back to face me and asked, Really?
	Oh, yes, Jack, I said.  You have nothing to be embarrassed or ashamed about at all.
	He grinned at me and put his hands down at his sides.  I reached out and touched the tip of my finger to his cock, making him jump.  I grinned at him while teasing his hard cock with just my fingers.
	When he had become more used to my touch, I wrapped my hand around his cock, making him jump again.  I slowly slid my hand up and down his length a couple of times.  His breathing got very heavy and I felt his cock swell under my hand.
	He cried out and came for me.  I knew he was a virgin but I had not been expecting him to cum this quick and his first load shot up and splattered against my chest.  To keep from making too much of a mess, I leaned down and took his cock into my mouth as he came.
	His cries grew louder as my lips wrapped around the head of his cock.  He jerked and shook as he came in my mouth.  I swallowed every drop and licked the last little dribble that came out when he finished.
	I sat back and looked at him.  He lay on the floor, completely spent, just like I had been only a few minutes before.
	He met my eyes and looked away, his face reddening.
	Jack, whats wrong? I asked.
	I I messed up and got it on you and I was so quick and I
	I put my finger over his lips to shush him.
	It was your first time with a girl touching you.  Its like that with every guy, I explained.  Thats whats nice about being young, youll be ready to go again in no time.
	His eyes, filled with hope, met mine and he asked, You want to do it again?
	Dont you?
	His grin was all I needed in answer.
