Summary: Nancy attends a corporate retreat with four other women from her department, including her good friend Mary. When two of the girls decide to try naked hot-tubbing after a long day's work, Nancy is reluctant but interested. She gets even more excited after telling her husband about it by phone. But, she's surprised by her friend Mary's reaction to the whole thing. But in the end, Nancy and Mary meet in the middle, so to speak.

Adults Only

I haven't posted on asstr.org in quite a while. I have other stories under Lauren Blue Eyes at www.storiesonline.net. (http://storiesonline.net/auth/Lauren_Blue_Eyes)

send feedback to: laurenmom@caress.com

Story: Nancy and the Hot Tub: part 7 of 7 by LaurenMom (FF + M, mast, phone, oral) (Jan 2010)

**********

"I've never felt anything like this before, Nance."

"What do you mean, Honey? What is it?"

"I don't ... I feel so stupid. I don't know if..."

"Come on, Hon. What's up?"

"I've always thought you were wonderful, Nancy. I've felt close to you for years."

"I know, Mary. Me too. I feel exactly the same way. But, I don't understand."

"Nancy ... the fact that I feel this way ... so unexpectedly..."

"Yes? What, Mary?"

"Does it mean we're gay? Does it mean that I'm gay?"

"Oh, Sweetie ... is that it? Is that what you're worried about?"

"Well, yea. I've never felt like this before. It's incredible. But if I'm gay ... what does that mean, about my marriage ... about my kids?"

"Mary, I love you so much, but you take everything so seriously. I don't think you have anything to worry about."

"Really?"

"Yes. You're so smart and you've accomplished so much in your life so far. I guess that's how you've done it, by taking everything you do seriously."

"Well, thank you, Nancy."

"Mary, Honey ... I didn't mean that totally as a compliment. Don't get me wrong. Most of it was meant that way. I so admire you for so many reasons. But I really do think you could lighten up sometimes. In fact, now that I have a moment to think, I really can't believe you have these feelings ... that you were, jealous and everything. It just doesn't seem like you."

"I know! I've been conflicted ever since last night. I kept thinking about you, all night. And it was differently than I had ever felt about you before. I tried so hard to put you out of my mind. And I just kept thinking about you all the more. And then last night, I realized that, I wanted to kiss you."

Mary averted her eyes from her friend momentarily, feeling suddenly ashamed by her own words, thinking she had sounded terribly foolish.

"Mary, I felt very similar things last night."

"You did?"

"Yes, I did."

"Did you think you wanted to kiss me?"

"Well ... actually..."

"What?"

"Mary, much to my surprise, I wanted to do a lot more than that."

"You did? Really?"

"Yes."

"Did you, um ... Did you think about the other girls?" Mary inquired.

"Nope. Not a bit," Nancy responded. I only wanted you, Mary Sweetheart. Listen, I don't know why this happened. And I don't know what's gonna happen when we go home. We're best friends. We love being together. We like each other and ... platonically speaking now, we love each other. I've always thought you were very attractive. I mean, I can't say I longed to be in bed with you, but I found you to be a real cutie pie."

"I thought that about you too. Although, I thought of you as beautiful."

"Really? Wow. That's so sweet, Mar. But, all I'm trying to say is, it doesn't seem like such a stretch to think that we might develop stronger feelings for each other. But here's what I think now, Mary."

Nancy put her hand behind Mary's head and pulled her in for a kiss.

"We can spend the rest of the night rationalizing this and trying to figure out why it happened and everything that's wrong about it. Or..."

She kissed Mary again and lowered her voice to just above a whisper.

"Yes?" Mary whispered back. "Or?"

"Or, we can make the most of being in bed together, all alone, far away from home. And you can suck my tits some more, then take off my bottoms and make your way, uh ... below the equator. What do you think?"

Mary now initiated a kiss.

"I think you're right, Nance. What could possibly be better than being between your gorgeous boobs and your strong beautiful legs?"

Nancy's words provided the reassurance Mary needed. Her choice had been made. She began kissing below Nancy's neck, pressing her face against her soft skin, planting kiss after kiss, occasionally darting her tongue out a little. She took Nancy's big soft breasts and squeezed them together. She put her face in Nancy's cleavage again and ran her tongue up and down. She held the nipples together and kissed and licked back and forth between them.

Next Mary moved to Nancy's soft middle. As much as Nancy had enjoyed Mary's firm flat stomach, Mary enjoyed her rounded one. She took her time kissing all around it and circling her navel with her tongue. Nancy, who had expected to feel especially self-conscious about this area of her body found extreme pleasure in the attention Mary was giving her belly.

While she was kissing Nancy's stomach, Mary was running her hands up and down Nancy's body, feeling her boobs, her hips and her thighs. She grasped the waistband of Nancy's bottoms and pulled them down. The silky fabric moved easily over Nancy's soft hips. She pushed the pajamas down past Nancy's legs, then slipped her hands under her ass and squeezed playfully. Mary then kissed all the way down Nancy's legs and feet. When she was finished softly kissing Nancy's toes, Mary had both of Nancy's legs up in the air. She then kissed down, inside each thigh until she reached her goal.

Unlike Nancy, Mary was not able to take her time in getting the ball rolling. She immediately put her face over Nancy's pussy and began kissing, allowing her tongue to dart in and out. Nancy had no objection. She wanted nothing more than to gave Mary eating her pussy. She put her hands on Mary's head, spread her legs wider and guided her home. Mary was eager to taste her friend and within seconds, her tongue was exploring Nancy's hole.

"That's it, Sweetheart," Nancy cooed. "Put that tongue inside me, Honey. Ohhh, Mary, I love your mouth."

"Good," Mary replied. "Because my mouth loves your pussy."

Mary held onto Nancy's hips as she buried her face into her mound. She pushed her tongue in as far as she could and worked her lips all over Nancy's pussy. Her tongue slithered around Nancy's labia, up to her clit and back to the hole, then repeated the pattern over and over. Nancy ran her fingers through Mary's hair and contiued to hold her head firmly in place. She could feel how wet she was as Mary's saliva joined with her own lubrication. As Mary moved her head back and forth the wetness covered Nancy's crotch and inner thighs.

"Eat my pussy, Mary Honey. Ohh, that feels incredible."

"I can't believe we're doing this, Nance. I just really love you."

"I love you too my Honey," Nancy whispered back.

Mary worked a finger inside Nancy and began fucking her with it. Her tongue continued swirling around Nancy's lips and clit, finally landing in a flurry of flicks on her clit. With her characteristic focus, Mary's worked Nancy's clitoris hard as her free hand pulled back the hood. Nancy's hips began to buck as she got close to cumming.

Whereas Mary had been very vocal, Nancy expressed her pleasure with quiet intensity. She let out deep moans that sounded almost like grimaces as she neared climax.

"Ahhh! Ooohhh, fuck! Oh! Mary ... MARY! Ohh, Ohhh, ooohhhhhh, I'm gonna do it. Fuck me ... nnnhhhhhh ... ooooo..."

Regardless of who made what noises, Mary delighted in her friend's orgasm just as much as when it was the other way around. She clamped her mouth down and wouldn't let up, not that Nancy would release the grip on her head. Mary's tongue plunged deep into Nancy as she felt the throbs overtake her pussy. Mary licked and sucked Nancy's clit just as her orgasm began to slow, giving Nancy an extra burst of prolonged spasm.

Now the two got to share the sloppy wet kisses that came after one woman licked another. Mary's inhibitions had melted away and she wanted nothing more than to kiss Nancy for a long time, which is just what she did. Mary's little body climbed atop Nancy and clung to her like a monkey to a tree. The two kissed as passionately as they had at the beginning of their time together.

The two women instinctively knew when it was time to take a break. Their kisses slowed and became more gentle. Finally they separated by only a few inches and gazed into each other's eyes.

"Oh, Man," Nancy began. "You are my lover. Mary my sweetheart, you are my lover."

"I guess I am," Mary said with a wide smile. "And you're mine, Honey. And I'm so glad."

"Oh, Mary ... what on earth are we getting ourselves into?"

"Well, let's see. Other than each other's pants, I think we kind of got into each other's skin."

"I know what you mean, Mary. I mean, I don't think I'm gay, like you were saying before. But I know I've come into some kind of wonderful, special place with you and I don't want to leave. I could say I loved you before. But, I've been inside you now. Inside your head and your body."

"Me too, Nance. I don't know what we're going to do with this when we get home. But I know we'll figure it out. And I also know that I can't let you go. I've been inside you, like you said. And I want to stay."

"You're invited to set up camp, Mary."

"Nancy, we're not going to tell anyone about this, are we?"

"Well Mary, we can talk about it. But I don't think I can not tell Bill. I'm not sure what I'll say, but I can't keep it from him all together."

"Do you think he'll understand?"

"I have a feeling that he'll have great interest when I tell him about our night together. Getting him to be O.K. with our new relationship will be a little tougher, but I can manage, I think."

"How about your Hubby, Mary?"

"Well, as you pointed out, I'm very serious about everything. I'm the stoic, rational one in our relationship. He's much more open minded. But he knows you and thinks a lot of you. I think that something wild like this, coming from me and involving you might not be too hard a sell."

"Good, Honey. I'm glad."

"We'll figure it out together, Nancy."

"That we will, Baby Doll."

"So, what now?" Mary asked.

"Well, Honey ... remember when I told you that I wanted to do more than kiss you last night?"

"Yes."

"Truth is that I had this real, real naughty desire that involved you sitting on my face."

"Nancy! That is so very naughty!"

"And?"

"And, so very doable, Nancy Sweetheart! Very doable, indeed."

The two best friends, now intimate lovers laughed and returned to each other's arms as they moved into the next phase of a night they would spend in bed, but during which they would not get much sleep.

The End

feedback to: laurenmom@caress.com