The first big change in our marriage was when my wife convinced me to wear a chastity device. She said it would heighten sexual feelings for both of us and as usual, she was right. The longer I go locked up the more attentive I am to her needs, which have gone from servicing her orally every night to doing most of the housework around the house. As for me the climaxes I was having once released from my cage were mind numbing.

After a while, Suzy decided that just because I was to remain locked up shouldn't mean she should go without sex. At first, I was adamantly against this but my Suzy she knows how to get me to agree to anything. Out of my cage with her pussy in my face as I love, she caressed my penis into erection and as she teased me about my inadequacies, she told she deserved a lover who could please her, as she deserved. She was right of course, and as I spilled my seed on my belly, I asked only to be told about her adventures when she came home.

The very next night she came home late, she was so happy that she had let a man named Bill take her home. She worked with this Bill and she said they often flirted but she always told him she was married. Today she told him she was still married but that now her husband didn't mind if she had an affair. Of course, I minded but how could I refuse my wife anything she desired. She pulled up her dress to show me her panties still sodden with this Bill's issue. I was shocked, and I asked her why she hadn't made him wear a condom.

"I know I make you wear one sweetie but Bill said that real men don't wear rubbers. It felt really sexy to have his cum leaking out of me on the way home. I kept dipping my finger in my panties and rubbing my clitty in his spunk."

My poor cock ached in my cage and I begged Suzy to release me for relief. She refused, saying she needed my attention on her and that she wanted me to clean her of her lover's sperm. I was so horny I didn't even hesitate and when she pulled her panties down, I put my face to work between her legs. Although my penis hurt as it tried to harden in its tight little cage and my balls ached, so full of sperm I was at least glad to please my wife. She purred that I was such a good boy as I licked and sucked her lover's spunk. I tried not to think of what I was eating but only of making my wife happy.

When she was at last satisfied with my work, she curled up to go to sleep. Suzy doesn't like my cage pressing against her so as usual I had to put my little silk pillow in my underpants so we could cuddle without her feeling my device against her body. I had a restless night as my groin was so uncomfortable and with the thoughts of my lovely bride being satisfied by another man.

The next day Suzy brought home a woman named Joyce with her. She introduced me and then to my complete humiliation told me she and Joyce had been talking about me being in a chastity device. To even more humiliation she instructed me to show my cage to Joyce. I tried to get out of it but finally Suzy came over to me and just yanked my sweat pants down. There I was standing there in front of not only my wife but also her friend dressed in my wife's dirty panties from the night before. They both laughed at me and I thought my face was as red as it could get. Yet when my wife explained I was wearing her panties stained with the cum of her lover my face got even redder.

I was instructed to remove her panties and as she showed off my cage to Joyce, she said that she was having problems keeping me locked as long as she desired because of my needing relief.

"That's what I was telling you Suz, You need to milk your pussy boy and then he won't have these problems."

She opened her purse and got a devise she called a milker,

"This is what I use on Stan and the best part is that even though it empties his balls, it's not really cumming so he remains just as horny. Would you like me to give you a demonstration?"

Suzy thought this was a good idea and I was instructed to assume the position, which meant on my knees and elbows and my butt up in the air. Joyce took a tube of some kind of oil and a pair of rubber gloves from her bag. The milker as she called it was long with a downward curve to it and once oiled it was inserted in my rectum. Before she began, she told my wife to get a plate to catch my milk as she called it. This woman was quite good at milking and found my prostrate right away. She pointed out to my wife that when I moaned as I had just done it meant you had the spot. I could feel the cold steel milker rubbing me and although I heard the girls squeal with laughter when I began to discharge I couldn't feel it at all. It ran out of my tube and on to the plate, and when it was dry, they keep working it to make sure nothing was left. I had to admit I did fell less pressure in my balls and the relief was noticeable.

"Suzy I did bring another toy I like to use on my pussy boy."

She pulled a dildoe in a harness from her bag, and I saw my wife's eyes light up. The next several hours were a sexual smrgsbord with me in the middle. It started with my wife on the couch with her dress pulled up and her panties pulled to the side. My face was in its favorite spot between her legs enjoying the smells and taste of her sweet pussy. While, I was doing this Joyce had taken her dress off and now dressed in bra and panties and wearing the harness and dildoe came up behind me. She took me in the rectum, hard and rough and as my wife held my head between her legs to stifle my screams her friend brutally assaulted my rear-end. Next, my wife wanted to try the harness and she offered my face to her friend. Now wanting to give me the pleasure of looking at another woman's private place my wife blindfolded me with the dirty panties I had been wearing. Even without the benefit of vision, I could tell the difference between my wife and her friend. As my wife took me, I spent my time enjoying the scent and taste of another woman.

Next, I wore the harness and as the women sixty-nined, I got behind my wife and used the dildoe on her. Suzy said it was the first time I had pleased her with something other than my tongue. Even though I wasn't allowed out of my cage or even the pleasure of a climax, I enjoyed the evening as much as the women did.

The next night she brought her lover home, saying she had enjoyed the threesome with Joyce so much she wanted to try it with a man and me. I could tell she wanted to embarrass me in front of Bill and I think she just wanted him to feel uncomfortable in front of me. She told me she enjoyed a real cock in her as I ate her as Joyce had. Bill didn't seem to mind me between her legs as he fucked her and when he came, he wiped his manhood off on my cheek. Suzy then sat up on my face and a flood of Bill's sperm came out on my face and in my mouth. After, they went to sleep in our bed while spent the night on our couch.

Am I happy with our new lifestyle, I know it's hard to believe but I think I am. I know I'm always happy when my beautiful bride is happy. Suzy is happy that she can keep me under lock and key and can now milk me without bothering to take my cage off. I am still locked up most of the time and yeah I now have to sit to pee like a girl plus living with my cum dried up in my tube until washing day. You would think I would hate it but to tell you the truth I find it all sexy and so does Suzy.