T05 Dark Alley {Titmouse} (MF,rape)
-----------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                      Dark Alley

                      by Titmouse
             (C)1997, All Rights Reserved


	"Where you think you're going, babe?"  The voice 
came out of the shadows.  Amy stopped, looked toward the 
voice, and backed up against the wall of the passageway. 
She knew she shouldn't have cut through this alley, but 
it was the quickest way to her car from work.
	A man stepped out of the shadows, wearing a ski 
mask.  He held a knife in his hand, pointed downward but 
ready.  "I think you and me has some business," he said.
	"Please," Amy said.  "Don't"
	"Too bad about that, babe" he said.  "Your number 
just came up."
	Amy's head whipped back and forth as she looked for 
help or escape.  There was none.  With a cry, she 
launched herself back up the alley.  The man's hand 
flashed toward her, twisting to turn the knife blade 
away.  Hammer-like, his hand crashed into her temple.  
She dropped limply to the ground.

	When she awoke, Amy was immediately aware that she 
was tied down and gagged.  She was on a sofa in what 
seemed to be a warehouse.  A cheap cotton rope, soft but 
tough, bound her wrists and pulled her arms above her 
head.  Her ankles were tied, too.  One leg was lifted 
onto and over the back of the sofa; the other off the 
seat and onto the floor.  There was some, not much, 
slack in the rope that bound her feet.  She was still 
clothed.  Tape covered her mouth, wrapped around her 
aching head.
	"Welcome back," a voice said from behind her.  She 
looked up as best she could.  He was sitting near but 
behind her head, a magazine in his lap, still wearing 
the ski mask.  "Ready for some fun, babe?"
	Amy tried to talk, to plead with him, but the gag 
made it impossible to do more than make meaningless 
sounds.  She quit after a few attempts, watching as the 
man stood and walked toward the end of the sofa where 
she could see him better.  He knelt down beside her.
	"Now, you got just two choices about this," he 
said.  "You can relax and get behind it, or you can 
fight it."  He reached out a hand and brushed the hair 
out of her eyes.  "But it won't make no difference which 
way you go.  The same thing gonna happen either way."
	He let the hand rest on her shoulder.  "You know 
what's gonna happen, don'cha?"
	Amy tried to scream but it came out muted, forced 
through her nose instead of her mouth.  She threw her 
head back and forth, twisted on the sofa, kicked her 
feet.  The man pulled his hand back and slapped her 
hard.  The blow snapped her head to the side.  Tears 
leaped to her eyes as the pain registered.  She cried 
out again, and again felt her cry muffled by the gag.
	"That's stupid," he said, "trying to yell like 
that.  Don't do it again unless you wanna get hit.  
Can't nobody hear you anyhow."
	He brushed away a tear from the cheek he had 
slapped.  His hand was rough against the stinging skin 
of her face.  He raised the hand and stroked her hair 
gently.
	"You be good and I'll be easy on you," the man 
said.  "I don't wanna hurt you, just get me some pussy. 
You let me do you, you be good, and I'll treat you 
nice.  You fight me, you piss me off, you make it hard 
for me, I'll make it harder for you.  You understand 
me?"
	Amy turned her head to the side and didn't answer. 
She closed her eyes so that she wouldn't have to look 
at him.  He grabbed her jaw and twisted her face toward 
him.  Her eyes popped open.
	"You understand me?" he said.  "I'm not kidding.  
If you don't go along I'll have to hurt you to get what 
I want.  You understand?"  His strong hand squeezed her 
face hard.
	Tears started again.  Amy nodded once against the 
pressure of his hand, and the man relaxed his grip.
	"That's better," he said.  "You'll like it better 
if you go along.  You can do it hard or you can do it 
easy.  Don't matter much to me.  I can get off either 
way.  I done this before, babe."
	He put a hand on her breast and kneaded it.  Amy 
jerked and tried to push herself back into the sofa.  
She twisted on the sofa, trying to move herself away 
from his hand.  The man grabbed a nipple between thumb 
and finger and pinched hard, twisting it.  The pain 
brought a gasp and fresh tears.
	"There you go again," he said, "just like you 
didn't hear a word I said."  He pinched again, even 
harder, making her cry out sharply.  Then, having 
emphasized his point, he began to stroke her breast 
again.  "See there," he said, "you give me the chance, 
I'll be nice.  You wanna fight me, I like it that way, 
too.  So just keep it up and see what it gets you."
	The man was on his knees beside the sofa.  He 
raised his other hand and began to massage the other 
breast, too.  He cupped his hands below them and pushed 
up; he curled his fingers around them and kneaded them; 
he stroked his fingers down along the tops; he brushed 
the nipples with the backs of his fingers.
	"I like tits like yours, babe, firm but soft.  You 
don't need to wear that bra, do ya?  I bet your tits 
stand up all by themselves."  He tried to slide a hand 
into Amy's blouse, but the angle was awkward.  Instead, 
he pushed his fingers down inside the cup of her bra, 
rubbing the backs of them against her breast.  Then he 
slid them out again, put two fingers into her blouse at 
the first fastened button between Amy's breasts.  With a 
sudden downward jerk, he ripped the blouse opened.  
Buttons flew and one skittered across the floor.  Three 
buttons had popped loose.  He grabbed the sides of her 
blouse with both hands and ripped the remaining two 
apart.
	"Ooh, that's a pretty bra," the man said, admiring 
the red lace that cupped her breasts.  "I guess if you 
gotta wear one, that's the way to go.  Shame I gotta cut 
it to get it off."
	He reached above her head and when his hand came 
back into view it had the knife in it, the long slim 
blade reflecting the soft light.  The back of his hand 
rested on her stomach as he turned the knife on its side 
and slipped the tip under the narrow band between the 
two cups.  Amy shrank from it, hollowing her chest, as 
the blade slid upward, the back of it against her skin, 
sharp but not cutting.  The man flicked upward with the 
tip and the blade cut through the stiff material easily. 
The weight of Amy's breasts pulled the two sides apart. 
He put the knife back out of sight without moving his 
eyes from her.
	"Yeah," said the man appreciatively, lifting the 
cut sides of her bra away and folding them back, "those 
are nice tits, alright."  Gently, he touched one nipple 
with a soft palm, stroking it with a rolling motion.  
Amy was horrified to feel it stiffen in response.
	"Umm, look at that," the man said.  "Guess what we 
got here?  Is that nipple getting hard on you, babe?  Am 
I getting to you?"
	He bent down and touched her nipple with the tip of 
his tongue.  He licked it with his tongue, running the 
rough surface along the top of it.  Then he slipped his 
lips over the nipple and sucked on it gently.  The 
nipple got even harder.
	"Oooee," he said.  "I like that, babe.  You got 
gorgeous tits, don'cha?"  He sucked harder, pulling more 
of her breast into his mouth.  Then he pulled back and 
nibbled on it.  It was the same nipple he had pinched 
earlier.  It was sore and raw but felt soothed by his 
mouth and stimulated by his nipping teeth.  Amy 
whimpered as she felt herself respond to him.  To her 
horror, she felt a dampness beginning between her legs.
	"Time to get down to business, babe" the man said. 
"I'm gonna take this gag offa you.  You ready to be 
smart?"  He looked at her, waiting for an answer.  Amy 
nodded, realizing she really had no choice but to go 
along.  She hated it, feared it almost to panic, but, in 
the back of her mind, another part of her was strangely 
stimulated.
	He scratched at the tape along her cheek and worked 
the end free.  "I'm gonna do this quick so it don't hurt 
much," he said, "but don't you yell.  Understand?"  Amy 
nodded again.
	With a quick jerk, the man ripped the tape across 
her face, pulling it free.  He grabbed the other side, 
which was still stuck to her cheek, and pulled it loose 
as well.  It stung, but Amy kept quiet.  The tape still 
went behind her head, stuck to her hair.  He didn't 
bother with it.
	"Look at those sweet lips," he said, "sorta pouty-
like.  I like that."  He reached above her and brought 
his hand back into view with the knife again, waggling 
it to be sure she saw it.  "Now be real smart."
	He rested the knife gently against her throat, then 
leaned down and kissed her.  His lips were soft, his 
face prickly with stubble, his breath smelled of 
cigarettes.  The man licked her lips, nibbled at the 
bottom one, and pushed his tongue into her mouth.  Amy 
neither resisted nor participated.  He pulled his head 
back.
	"Kiss me back, dammit!"  He wiggled the knife blade 
against her throat.  Then he leaned down and kissed her 
again.  This time, reluctantly, she kissed him back.  He 
pressed his tongue into her mouth and she accepted it, 
licked it, played with it.
	"That's better," the man said.  "That's a lot 
better."  He stood up.  "Now, you and me are gonna play 
some games, you know.  It's like I said before, you can 
either do it easy or hard.  But it's time to start."
	The knife dangled in one hand.  He raised the other 
hand to his waist and began to undo his belt.
	"No," Amy whimpered.
	"Yes," the man said.  "Don't give me no shit, now. 
Just take it easy."
	He unfastened the top of his pants and slid the 
zipper down.  Putting the knife down again, he placed 
both hands at his hips and slid pants and underwear down 
to his knees.  His penis dangled, half hard.  Amy turned 
her face into the back of the sofa and closed her eyes.
	The man sat on the sofa beside her.  He pushed his 
pants down over his legs and all the way off, stripping 
off his socks at the same time.
	"Now, sugar, what I want is some of that mouth 
action.  You hear me?  I want you to suck me with that 
fine mouth of yours."  He climbed onto the sofa, one 
knee on either side of Amy's waist.  She flicked her 
eyes open, glimpsed his expanding penis, and shut them 
again, burying her face in the sofa back.
	"Now that's not gonna do you any good," the man 
said, scooting forward toward her face.  "You're gonna 
suck my dick, and you're gonna do it good, not some 
half-assed job."
	He was close enough now.  Amy could feel the heat 
of him on her face and the weight of him straddling her 
chest.  He leaned forward and his penis brushed her 
cheek.  She heard him pick up the knife again.
	"Now, no shit, babe, I'm tired of arguing with you. 
I want you to open your mouth for me.  Else I'm gonna 
cut you.  Now!"
	Amy's eyes popped open.  His penis hovered just 
above her face.  The man waved the knife slowly, then 
placed his hands on either side of her head on the arm 
of the sofa and shifted his weight forward.  He guided 
his penis toward her face and brushed it against her 
lips.
	"Open up, babe.  Time to go to work."
	Amy let her mouth relax, and her lips opened 
slightly.  He placed the tip of his stiffening penis 
between them and pressed forward.  It slid between her 
lips and into her mouth.  Carefully, she gripped him 
with her lips, protecting him from her teeth.  The odor 
of him filled her nostrils, musty and thick.  His taste 
was slightly sour, slightly salty.
	"That's right, babe.  You doing good.  Don't make 
no mistakes, now.  Just suck on my dick.  You know you 
like it."  He pushed deeper into her mouth until the 
head of his penis touched the back of her throat.  Amy 
gagged, and he pulled back.
	"Oh, yes," the man said, "that sure feels good, 
babe.  Suck my cock like a good girl.  Eat my dick."
	He began to rock back and forth, in and out of her 
mouth.  She wrapped her lips around him, sucking on the 
end of it.
	"Use your tongue, girl," he told her.  "Rub the 
bottom of my cock with your tongue.  Hold me tight while 
I fuck your mouth with my big dick.  That's it, sugar, 
suck me."
	His penis was rock hard, now.  He slid it in and 
out of her sucking mouth.  He pulled it all the way out. 
Amy's mouth made a kissing sound as it popped out.  He 
pushed his wet penis around her face, over her cheeks.  
Amy reached for it with her lips, trying to capture it 
again.  He toyed with her, touching her lips but pulling 
back when she tried to push her mouth around him.  Then 
he let her catch him but lifted higher so that she could 
just touch the tip with her lips.  Slowly, he pressed 
forward until the head was in her mouth.
	"Suck it now, babe.  Suck on that dick.  You know 
you like it.  Blow me, sugar.  Eat my cock."
	Amy sucked on the end of his penis, grasping the 
head between her lips tightly and making a vacuum.  She 
waggled her tongue back and forth under the soft head 
where she knew it was most sensitive.
	The man groaned.  He pushed forward, sinking 
himself deep into her mouth again, pulling back, pushing 
in again.  He began to fuck her mouth hard, shoving in 
deep and then pulling back out before it had time to 
choke her.  He whipped his penis in and out of her 
mouth.  Amy was breathing hard, catching her breath in 
gasps between his pushes and pulls.  There was no use 
resisting, she thought.  Maybe he'll cum in my mouth.  
That'll be awful, but better than...
	The man was clearly ready to cum.  He was gasping, 
too, as he pushed in and out of her mouth.  Amy sucked 
harder to try to make him cum.  She shook her head back 
and forth as he fed his penis into her mouth, moaning 
deep in her throat.  The moans, she knew, not only were 
sexy in themselves but also added vibration to her 
sucking, grasping work on his penetrating penis.
	Suddenly, he pulled back, jerking out of her mouth. 
He sat back on her chest, face to the ceiling, eyes 
closed.  His ragged breathing slowed and steadied.
	"Oh, my, that was close," he said.  "I almost came 
right in your mouth, babe.  I just about filled you up 
with cum.  But I've got other plans for you.  It's too 
soon."
	The man twisted around, swinging his leg across her 
so that he could sit on the sofa beside her.  He leaned 
back across her and continued to catch his breath.  His 
penis relaxed a little.
	"That was real nice, babe," he said.  "That was 
real smart of you.  You just do what I tell you and 
nothing bad's gonna happen to you.  If you give me what 
I want, I won't hurt you."
	Amy was still afraid, but she wanted to believe 
him.  Maybe she would get out of this after all.  The 
thought of rape was awful.  She hated that he had forced 
himself into her mouth.  But it was by no means the 
first penis she had sucked.  It hadn't been that bad.  
In fact, if it hadn't been for the circumstance, it 
might have been pretty good.  (What was she thinking!)
	And now he was going to rape her, she thought.  He 
was going to force his prick into her pussy.  A strange 
man was going to fuck her and shoot his cum inside her. 
And there was nothing she could do about it.  It 
frightened her, repelled her.  But in a strange way it 
also excited her.  She had grown increasing wet between 
her legs while he made her suck his cock.  She knew he 
would feel it if he touched her there.
	The man sat up and turned toward her.
	"Well, let's just see what we got here," he said.  
He looked at her torso, bare to the waist except for the 
pieces of blouse and bra that draped her shoulders.  He 
reached down to her stomach and began to unfasten the 
buttons of her jeans.
	Amy held very still as the man unbuttoned her 
pants.  There seemed no point in objecting.  She was 
tied up and couldn't get free; he had the knife to 
control her.  She shuddered as his hands worked down 
toward her crotch, pressing against her pussy from 
outside her pants.  He unfastened the last button.
	"Yes, let's see what you got in here," he said.  "I 
suspect it's a juicy pussy."
	For a moment, Amy thought he must know she was 
already hot.  He slid a hand down her belly, under her 
panties, and onto her mound.  Wiggling his fingers 
through the hair, he cupped his fingers around her 
pussy.  He slid a finger between the lips.  Now he knew 
for sure.
	"Oh-oh!" he said.  "Somebody's getting hot."
	Hating herself, Amy writhed at the touch of his 
finger.  She pulled her hips back to try to evade its 
penetrating touch.  The man slipped his finger back and 
forth along her slit. With his fingertip, he pressed at 
the back of her vagina.  His finger eased into her 
slightly.  But her tight jeans left little room to move.
	He pulled his hand out of Amy's pants.  He grabbed 
the top of them at each of her hips and pulled down.  
When Amy hesitated, he said "Lift your ass up, babe.  
These pants gotta come off."  She raised her fanny off 
the sofa, giving him room to pull them down off her 
hips.
	There was no way to get the pants off with both 
feet tied.  The man looked at her feet, then at the 
knife.  "Okay," he said, "I'm going to untie one of your 
feet.  Now don't do anything stupid."
	Her ankles were held with a simple loop.  He 
reached down to her outside leg and loosened the loop, 
then slipped it over her ankle.  Amy let him move her 
leg without protesting.
	Once her leg was free, he worked her pants down and 
off it.  He pulled them down around the other leg.  Amy 
tried to put her knees together, but he roughly pushed 
them apart.  He stared between her legs.
	"What a sweet pussy, babe."  The man put his hand 
back on her mound.  "I'm gonna pet it for you."
	He slipped his middle finger between the lips 
again.  This time he pushed it deeper.  He moved it in 
and out to coat it with her slick juice and then pushed 
in all the way into her.
	Amy sucked in her breath as his finger slid into 
her.  He pressed deeper, pushing his hand up against the 
lips of her cunt.  He wriggled his finger inside her, 
then slid it almost all the way out.  He moved up to the 
front of her cunt and stroked her clit.
	"Mmmmm," Amy moaned, despite herself.  She tried to 
keep her hips still, but the finger inside her was 
stirring up her desire.  "Please don't.  Please don't."
	"Aw, you like it and you know it," the man said.  
"No use pretending with me.  I got my finger right up in 
your juicy cunt.  Now, how you gonna pretend you don't 
like it?"  He wiggled his finger inside her for 
emphasis.  Then he pulled his finger out and brought it 
up to her face.  "Sniff that," he said.  "That's your 
pussy juice on my finger, ain't it?"
	Amy turned her head away from the finger, but she 
could smell herself on it.  He rubbed the finger on her 
upper lip, right under her nose.  Then he pushed the 
finger into her mouth.
	"Suck on it, babe," he said.  "See what you taste 
like.  Go ahead.  Suck your juice off my finger."
	Amy wrapped her lips tightly around his finger and 
sucked hard on it.  She pulled it all the way into her 
mouth.  It was much smaller than his prick but still 
satisfying somehow to suck on.
	"That's it, babe.  Just keep sucking on it," the 
man said.  "I'll get me some more this way."  	Grabbing 
her free leg, he raised it high, exposing her widespread 
slot.  With his finger still in her mouth, he bent down 
and pushed his tongue deep into her pussy.  Stiffening 
his tongue, he licked upward through her slot and 
flicked her clit.
	Amy moaned and bucked her hips up to his probing 
tongue.  He pushed it deep inside her again, then 
returned to her clit, rubbing and twirling and teasing 
and flicking it from side to side with his tongue.  She 
gasped and tried to pull her hands down to grab his head 
and push it into her harder, but the ropes bound her and 
kept her arms stretched above her head.
	The man hummed into her cunt, putting his tongue 
onto her clit and shaking his head from side to side.  
He lapped at her pussy from bottom to top.  He seized 
one lip gently in his teeth and pulled on it.  He pushed 
his tongue deep inside her, forcing his nose up against 
her clit, and waggled his head.
	Amy was whimpering from her growing need.  His deep 
probing tongue and the way he licked at her sensitive 
clit was transporting her into a different, hazy world 
where only sex existed.  It did not matter that she was 
being raped, not now.  The smell of her own juice was in 
her nose, and she knew her body was taking over.  There 
was a tongue in her pussy and it was driving her wild.  
She wanted more.  She wanted to cum.  She wanted him to 
fuck her.  A part of her resisted still, hating what was 
being forced on her.  But most of her wanted it now.
	The man pulled his finger out of her mouth and 
pushed it back into her cunt.  He concentrated his 
tongue on the top of her pussy around her clit while he 
finger-fucked her.  He pushed his middle finger in and 
out of her.  Amy gave up resisting.  She humped against 
his mouth and finger, pushing up when he dug deep inside 
her and then pulling back to do it again.   She was 
making soft little cries of passion.
	"You like that, don'cha?" he said.  "You like 
having a finger in your pussy, don'cha?  You like having 
somebody lick your cunt, don'cha?"  He whipped his 
finger around inside her for emphasis.
	"Nooo!," Amy cried, but even she didn't believe it. 
She did like the probing finger in her pussy and the 
teasing tongue on her clit.  It was terrible, but it 
felt wonderful.  She wanted more.  She wanted him to do 
it to her.  She wanted him to fuck her.
	"Let's see how you like this, then," the man said. 
He pulled his finger out of her and climbed up onto the 
sofa between her legs.  Grabbing her free leg with one 
hand, he raised it high and wide.  With his other hand, 
he aimed his cock at her hole.
	"You want it, you little slut,"  he said.  "You 
know you do.  You want me to shove it in you, don'cha?" 
Amy tried to say no, but all she could do was whip her 
head back and forth.  He ignored her, moving his prick 
forward until it touched her wet pussy.
	"Noooo!," Amy said, but she didn't try to close her 
legs or dodge away from him.  She felt the tip of his 
cock pressing between the lips of her pussy.  She felt 
it begin to push inside her, forcing her cunt open, 
lodging the head of his cock in the wet, slippery warmth 
of her cunt.  Even then, she didn't pull away.  She held 
still at first, meeting his downward pressure, and let 
him slowly sink his meat deeper and deeper into her 
grasping, hungry pussy.  She pushed back as he slid into 
her depths, forcing herself up around his cock and 
spreading her legs as wide as possible so that he could 
get as far inside her as possible.  She hunched forward 
against him, feeling the lips of her pussy contact the 
hair around his prick, feeling them spread wide as he 
burrowed it inside her.
	Then he began to fuck her.  He pulled back and then 
pushed his cock back inside.  He humped back and 
forward, whipping it to her, slipping in and out of her 
tightly grasping pussy.  She fucked him back, forgetting 
herself.  She was an animal now, wanting only the cock 
in her cunt, wanting it to fuck her hard, wanting it to 
rub against her clit and make her cum, wanting it to 
spurt its juices deep into her welcoming pussy.
	"That's it, babe.  Fuck me back!" he said.  "Give 
me that sweet pussy, babe.  Hump it.  That's it.  Give 
it to me."  He socked his prick deep into her again and 
again.  Her pussy gushed with her love fluids, now.  She 
fucked him as hard as he fucked her.  Her breathing was 
ragged, gasping.  She could feel herself starting to 
build toward cumming.
	The man stopped moving.  He held himself still 
inside her, pressing deep into her pussy.  Then, slowly 
and reluctantly, he drew his prick out of her.
	"Now, let's do something different," he said.  "I 
think I'll fuck your ass."  He reached down between 
them, grasping his cock, and aimed it lower.
	"Oh, no!" Amy cried.  "I've never done that.  It's 
filthy.  You can't put it in there!"
	"Can't I?" the man said.  "Just watch me."  He 
pressed forward.  Amy felt his prick push at her 
asshole.  She jerked to the side, making him miss.  He 
tried again and she moved again, refusing to give him a 
target.
	"God dammit, hold still!" he snapped.  "I'm gonna 
fuck your ass, so you might as well get used to it."  He 
pushed forward again, nuzzling his prick between her 
asscheeks.  Amy thrashed under him.
	"No!" she cried, "Not there!"  She tried to push 
him away with her legs.
	The man shifted onto one hand and cracked her 
across the face with the other.  She cried out.  He 
backhanded her across the other cheek.  Amy burst into 
tears.
	"Oh, please," she cried.  "Please don't do this to 
me.  Please!  I've never done it before."
	"Then it's time you did," the man said.  "A little 
butt-fucking is good for you.  And I want your ass, and 
I'm gonna get it.  So hold still, bitch!"
	Roughly, he grabbed her leg and raised it high.  
With his other hand, he grabbed his cock and positioned 
it on the tight, puckered hole of her anus.  He pushed 
forward, forcing his prick into her butt.
	"AHHH!" Amy screamed.  "PLEASE!  IT HURTS!"
	"Just this first time," the man said, "just like 
the first time you got fucked in the pussy.  You'll get 
used to it."  He pushed again and watched the head of 
his cock force its way a little into her asshole.  Amy 
jerked her arms, but they were tied tight.  She tried to 
shift her butt away from his invading prick, but it was 
already started into her back channel.  He kept his 
weight forward, pushing it gradually into her.
	"Oh, god, please stop!" Amy cried.  "You're tearing 
me apart!  It's too biiiigg!"
	"It you that's making it hurt," the man told her.  
"Relax.  It'll go in.  It'll get better.  You'll see.  
Push out, don't fight me.  Relax, babe.  You can take 
it!"
	Now that the head of his prick was securely lodged 
in her butthole, the man paused to let her get used to 
it.  Amy was panting, her eyes squeezed tight, trying to 
pull her ass away from him, but there was nowhere to go. 
The head of his cock felt enormous.  She'd never had 
anything in her asshole before.  It wasn't possible.  
But it didn't hurt quite as much as it did at first.  
She took a deep breath and tried to relax.
	"There you go, babe," he soothed her.  "Just take 
it easy.  It hurts at first, especially the first time, 
but you can do it!  I'll go slow."
	Gradually, he increased the pressure.  Amy's eyes 
popped open, her jaw dropped, too, but she didn't try to 
get away from him.  "Oh, god," she said, "it's so big!"
	"Damn right," the man said.  "And you're small and 
tight.  But I'm still gonna fuck you in the ass, and 
you're gonna take it, and you're gonna like it."  He 
pushed again, sinking another half inch into her 
asshole.  Amy whimpered, then held her breath, and then 
gradually let it out as her asshole slowly accommodated 
the invading cock.
	He was about halfway into her ass.  Letting off on 
the pressure, the man eased back slightly.  Amy panted, 
relieved that the pressure had stopped.  As her 
breathing eased, he began to push his way inside her 
again.  He went slowly and gradually, watching her face. 
He could tell that her ass was getting used to him.  It 
wasn't hurting as much.  Slowly but surely he was 
sinking his entire cock deep into her asshole.
	"Oh...oh...oh!" Amy whimpered, as the prick was 
forced deeper and deeper into her butt.  She couldn't 
believe the way it felt.  At first, the pain had been 
incredible.  It hadn't seemed possible that he could 
actually get his prick in there.  The tight ring of her 
asshole stretched gradually, painfully.  She had felt 
the head of his cock push into her butt, felt the tight 
ring snap around it as after the larger head entered 
her.  She tried to relax.  She felt him push forward, 
felt it slide into her, felt the head of his cock as it 
forced its way deeper and deeper into her butt tube.  
Behind the cockhead came the shaft of his rigid manhood.
	Just when it was almost too much, the man stopped 
pushing and backed off.  That was much better.  She 
could still feel the enormous pole of his cock buried in 
her asshole, but it didn't hurt as much.  It was wrong, 
and filthy, and exciting.  Nobody had ever fucked her 
ass before.  It was incredibly sexy, in a way.  Nothing 
had ever felt like this since the first time she had 
made love.  His prick was pushing into her where no one 
had ever been before.
	He was pushing forward again, now.  It wasn't so 
bad.  It still hurt, but not so much.  The tight muscle 
of her asshole was gradually relaxing, yielding to the 
inward pressing of his stiff manhood.  It was a 
different feel from having a prick in her pussy.  This 
was tighter.  It was not as slippery as her cunt, a 
gummier feel to it.  She could feel how her butthole 
wrapped all around his invading cock, squeezing him all 
along his length.  She could feel it pressing deeper and 
deeper into her, deeper than she would have thought 
possible.  Was there still more cock?
	Amy felt the last inch of the man's cock push its 
way down into the depths of her bowels.  She felt the 
hair around his prick tickle the cheeks of her ass, felt 
him press forward even more, spreading her cheeks wide 
and burying his cock deep in her butt.  Keeping it 
there, he stopped again to let her get used to it.
	It was an incredible feeling, like nothing Amy had 
ever felt before.  The huge prick deep in her butt felt 
like she was full of shit there, like she had to go, 
RIGHT NOW!  She was so full and had to strain to hold it 
in.  Then the man began to pull back and it was like 
releasing her bowels, a wonderful, comforting feeling.  
And then, with his cock pulled back until just the head 
was still inside her, he pushed forward again, driving 
his cock into her asshole, all the way in, deeper than 
before, down into the depths of her.  
	It was so incredibly sexy that Amy couldn't believe 
it.  She couldn't believe it was even possible to take a 
man's prick in her ass.  Now, she had the rapist's cock 
shoved as deep as it could go into her butt and it was 
not only possible but sensuous, sexy, thrilling.  It 
stirred her in a way nothing ever had.
	"Not so bad now, huh?" the man asked.  "You're 
getting used to it now."  He pulled back, sliding out of 
her ass
	He increased the tempo of his thrusts.  Pushing up 
on Amy's leg, he raised her butt off the sofa, exposing 
it to his invading prick.
	"So, you like it, don'cha?" the man said.  "You got 
a big prick up your ass, and you like it despite 
yourself.  You like having a cock in your butt, 
don'cha?"
	"Yes," Amy said, "it feels sooo sexy.  It's 
incredible.  I never thought... I mean, how could I 
ever... it's just so sexy in there."
	"In where?"
	"In...in my butt," Amy said.
	"In your ass?" he demanded.
	"Yes," Amy said, "in my...in my ass."
	"What's in your ass, babe?"
	"Your prick," she gasped.
	"You like having my cock in your ass?" he demanded, 
slamming it into her.
	"Yes," she admitted.  "I like it in there.  Oh, 
fuck me!  Fuck your cock into my ass.  Give it to me 
hard!"
	The man plowed his prick into her butt.  He could 
see it sliding into her tunnel, just below her cunt.  
Her wet pussy touched his stomach each time he forced 
his prick into her butt.  The round hole of her ass tube 
enveloped him, squeezed him, pulled at him.  He pushed 
his cock all the way into her butt and shook it inside 
her.  He rolled his hips, making his prick stir her 
insides.  When he pulled back, the tight ring of her 
asshole stretched outward as if reluctant to let him go.
	It was slippery now, looser than at first.  But as 
he pushed in, Amy gripped at him with her ass muscles, 
squeezing his cock with her butt, milking his prick, 
sucking at it.  He could feel the cum rising in him.
	"Oh, babe, I'm gonna blow," he said.  "I'm gonna 
shoot my cum up your ass like a cannon!"
	"Yes, baby," Amy told him.  "Give it to me.  Give 
me your cum.  I want it.  Now.  Fuck my ass, baby.  Cum 
in my ass, baby.  Jam it to me.  Fuck me!"
	Amy twisted her ass as he shoved in and out of her 
butt.  She felt her own cum rising.  She knew it would 
be good. She knew she was going to cum hard.
	"Oh, god, I can't believe this," she cried.  "I 
can't believe how good it feels to have a cock in my 
ass.  Oh, fuck me, baby.  Shove your prick in my 
asshole.  Ram it in there.  Buttfuck me.  Get my ass!"
	She felt his stiff cock pounding into her butt, 
slamming home each time the rapist shoved forward.  Each 
time he pulled back, it was like a great loss, like she 
never wanted his prick to leave the depths of her 
asshole.  And then he would shove it forward again, an 
incredible feeling, pushing forward and burying it deep 
into her butt.  His stomach pressed her pussy, brushed 
her clit, and suddenly she was cumming.
	"Oh!... Oh!...Oh!" she cried, and then it slammed 
into her, driving her outside her mind, and there was 
nothing in the world but the feeling of cumming, the 
feeling of his cock forcing its way in and dragging its 
way out of her asshole, the feeling of being penetrated 
to her core, the feeling of being completely dominated 
by the prick shoving into her butt and the man who 
hunched over her, feeding his cock in and out of her ass 
tube.
	The man came too.  His prick exploded inside her 
butt, spurting gobs of cum in her ass.  He felt her tube 
clutch at him spasmodically, rhythmically, milking his 
cock like a warm, clutching machine.  He shoved his 
prick deep into her one last time and emptied his balls 
into her asshole.

	He let her go, unharmed, as promised.  He dropped 
her off, tied and blindfolded, in another alley not far 
from where he had taken her.  When Amy was sure he was 
gone, she struggled to her feet and followed the sounds 
of traffic to the street.  Two women found her there, 
emerging from the alley, blouse torn and hanging from 
her shoulders, her breasts half revealed.  They took her 
to a hospital.
	She was traumatized by the incident for several 
years and was always afraid of the dark and of alleys 
even in daylight.  She did not date for more than a year 
afterward, and, when she did, she was slow to permit 
sex.  The worst of it was her dreams.  Amy kept 
returning to the scene and reliving the rape.  She would 
wake, scared and trembling.  And wet.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Dark Alley' by Titmouse.  
Story 05

Author's Note:

Although rapes occur in several of my stories, I want to be very
clear that rape in reality is a terrible thing, and no one should
ever contemplate it except as a fantasy.  Rape is mean, demeaning
and damaging.  I know a woman who was raped and she never got over
it.  Among other things, years later, it ruined our relationship,
even though I had nothing to do with it and did my best to help
her get over it.  It was not her fault, she did not invite it in
any way, and it killed a part of her.  It's one of the saddest
things I know of.  She was a lovely person.

Most women, I assume, do not find rape stories a turn-on; most men,
I think, do if they are not too extreme.  I write other stories in
which I try to turn-on both sexes.

Coercion, especially pretend coercion, is another matter.  Many
women, even very independent and thoroughly modern ones, respond to
pretend coercion.  As a game, with someone they trust, it's one of
the more erotic things a couple can do.  Women who would slap your
face if you tried to order them around can get very turned on by
being tied up or held down.  Don't ask me why; it's probably in
the genes.  My effort, as a lover, has been to find the turn-ons 
and use them to make lovemaking sexier.

But there is no excuse for ever making someone do something they
really don't want to do.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
