Lewis does get his free weekend and the following week starts quietly for the two detectives. Wednesday is the day of the annual police ball and Morse is expected to attend. While he watches Dr. Russell dance with a friend, not Sam, he notices, his colleague Cyril Dewar joins him and bores him with his idea of small talk until Dr. Russell pulls Morse onto the dance floor. Morse's evening out, however, is cut short by the arrival of Lewis. 

Investigation of the murder of Michael Gifford 

Morse's Jaguar, on the way to the Westgate car park 

"The report came in 20 minutes ago, Sir. Some bloke phoned to say it would interest the police to go to bay 5B of the Westgate car park and take a look in the BMW there. That's all," Lewis explains while they're under way. 

"I hope it's been verified. I wouldn't want my night out ruined by a hoax," Morse replies in his usual grumpy tone. 

"Yeah, it's been confirmed already, Sir. A shame. You seemed to be having a good time." Lewis really had been happy for his boss when he had seen him dancing with Dr. Russell. Morse has never told him what the story was behind the phone call to Mrs. Donn, but he suspects it was nothing he'd approve of. Dr. Russell though... 

"I'd been rescued from Cyril Dewar," Morse says as if it explains why he had seemed to be enjoying himself. 

"As bad as working with Hilaire, was it, Sir?" Lewis can't help it, he's come to enjoy teasing Morse way too much to let a chance pass by. 

"Worse, Lewis. Much worse." 

The next morning, Morse is woken by a phone call from the police headquarters; it's the desk sergeant, informing him that Lewis has been taken to the hospital. Morse is fully awake the moment the words 'Lewis' and 'hospital' register on his mind. Half an hour later, he's at the Radcliffe and has been shown to his Sergeant. 

An examination room at the Radcliffe Hospital 

"How are you feeling now, Lewis?" Morse asks, managing to keep the relief of finding Lewis looking a bit beat but otherwise well out of his voice. 

"Oh, a bit groggy, Sir, but not bad. I really appreciate you coming down to the hospital." 

"Well, it saves time, doesn't it? If you get the OK, we can press on with the job." He doesn't make eye contact with Lewis, afraid it would give away his true feelings. Only once he feels he's got himself under control, does he turn to face the younger man sitting at the table, cradling his head in his hands. "Anyway, you're a bit of a record-breaker now. Two cracked heads in... how many weeks?" 

Lewis rolls his eyes, banter is not exactly what he feels like just now. "Yeah. All right, Sir." 

"You must have a skull like an anvil." 'And I'm very glad you do,' Morse adds in his thoughts. 

"It wasn't on the same spot," Lewis explains, pointing to different spots on his head, as if that made the two attacks seem less severe. "First knock was here, last night's was there." 

Morse decides it's best to just stick to the facts, hoping that it will put an end to his worrying. "And you saw some sort of a van driving off?" 

"Yeah, some sort of van. Could have been..." 

"Could have been...?" 

Lewis hates it when Morse does that, repeat what he said as if it was particularly stupid. "Well, I was passing out at the time, Sir..." 

They don't have to wait long for Lewis to get the OK from his doctor to leave and return to duty. Morse, longing for a pint after the shock the morning has brought, drives them to a pub. 

Lewis has noticed that Morse really is worried and is touched. But as Morse is doing his best to hide it, Lewis doesn't bring it up. Instead, he focuses on the calender of their latest victim. 

Morse, however, suddenly seems interested in something else. "When did you switch to that stuff, Lewis? Mineral water? Are you developing yuppie aspirations?" 

Lewis snorts at the idea. "You can't have a yuppie policeman, can you? No, the doctor gave us painkillers." 

"I hope they don't dull your wits." 

Lewis chuckles and washes one of the pills down with his mineral water. 

When they get up to leave, each of them to follow up a different line of enquiry, Morse is quite convinced that Lewis is indeed well. But he's not yet able to let it go. "You will be all right on your own, won't you, Lewis?" He asks, grinning slightly, trying to hide his worry behind it. 

Lewis just grins at him in return. He's aware that it's Morse's way of showing he cares and it makes Lewis happy to see that Morse does care about him. He doesn't seem to care for a lot of people, and out of those few, most seem to be women. 

The next day, Morse and Lewis are going for a walk. They discuss the entries in Gifford's calender again, until Morse can't hide his relief at Lewis's unbowed dedication to the job any longer. And the fact that the younger man doesn't seem to suffer from any after-effects from the blow to his head, which, he tries to convince himself, is only important as it aids Lewis's work. 

Outdoors on a footpath in Oxford 

Smiling, Morse claps a hand on Lewis's far shoulder, letting it rest there. "Lewis, how's the head?" 

Lewis smiles broadly at him. "I thought you'd never ask!" 

He doesn't resist when Morse steers him in the direction of the nearest pub. 

"No more yuppie drinks, then?" 

Lewis grins. "Orange juice will be just fine, Sir." 

The night after they close the case, Morse is going to the opera with Dr. Russell. It's their first date and it very nearly wouldn't have happened. What Morse hadn't expected, though, is the fact that it also is their last date. 

Morse's office, the following morning 

"Morning, Sir," Lewis says cheerfully when Morse enters the room, hands shoved into the pockets of his coat. 

"Morning, Lewis," Morse grumbles, drops the newspaper he had tucked under his arm onto his desk, hangs up his coat and sits down without another word. 

Lewis knows mornings like these. Morse will talk when he's ready. Until then, Lewis gets on with his paperwork. 

"You might want to say good bye to your friend Dr. Russell before it's too late, Lewis," Morse says out of the blue a while later without looking up from his crossword. 

"Say good bye? Is she going on holiday?" Lewis turns to look at his boss questioningly. 

"Not exactly. She's leaving, Lewis. Took up a job closer to 'Sam'." Morse looks up at him for a moment, then returns his eyes to his newspaper. 

"Who's Sam?" 

"Does it matter?" 

"Don't know, does it?" 

"No, Lewis, it doesn't." 

"Well, how do you know?" 

Morse lets the newspaper drop onto his desk. "How do I know what, Lewis?" 

"That she's leaving. She hasn't told me." 

"Well, she told me. Last night when I drove her home from the opera." 

"Oh, so you found the tickets! And you went with Dr. Russell." 

"Who did you think I went with? The Chief Super?" Morse snaps. 

"Sorry, Sir." 

Morse has long since called it a day, when Lewis is still at his desk. He's looking through his notepad, checking if there's anything in it he might still need. It's full and he's already started a new one and isn't keen on carrying around both. He skims through his entries and comes across the page on which he scrawled the Rochester poem, at least the bits he could recall. He reads the lines again and suddenly the notepad drops from his hands. "Bloody hell," he mutters, astonished. He stares at the pad lying on his desk for a long minute before he snatches it back up, grabs his coat and rushes out the door.