Karen and Michelles Sad Story Part 1 Chapter 39
By Redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com

Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.


Chapter 39, Omega Psi Sisters Pledge Week Day 5 And 6

Karen dreamed that night many dreams of a childhood where she grew up with loving parents and a wonderful sister.  She dreamed that she and her sister had a loving bond between each other that few ever had.  Over time their love for each other had become deeper and finally on this night with their parents out for the night, Sheri expressed her love for Karen and that she wanted more.  Sheri had come to Karen in the shower and got in with her.  They mutually washed each other tenderly, paying close attention to all of the more sensitive parts.  They finally ended up in Sheris bedroom making mad, passionate love into the wee hours of the morning.  And now she felt her nibbling and sucking on her nipples, flipping her ring back and forth with her tongue while she played with the other one.  Soon she felt her reach her hand down to her clit where she began rubbing and playing with it and the clit ring.  That is when she woke up realizing that what she was feeling wasnt a dream. She opened her eyes and saw that it was indeed Sheri who was doing it.  She watched in fascination as Sheri began to tongue bathe her down her stomach to her belly button and then to her clit.  She took in a deep breath of ecstasy when Sheri began to lick and suck at her clit and cunt.  Initially Sheri stopped and stared at the brands on her cunt lips and then she gave a shudder as she thought of how much they must have hurt and finally put her mouth on Karens cunt and began sucking and licking in earnest. 

Karen watched as Sheri attack her cunt.  She closed her eyes and groaned out in pleasure.  When she opened her eyes again she found herself staring straight in to Sheris eyes.  In that instant there was a connection made that would bind the two girls forever.  It was like they could read the love each had for the other, seeing straight in to each others soul.  At that instant, with that feeling of love flowing through her, Karen had the most satisfying orgasm she had ever had.  It wasnt explosive or earth shattering.  But it was all consuming and went on and on.  Karen closed her eyes and groaned over and over as the orgasm never seemed to end.  Finally she reached down and grabbing Sheri by the head pulled her up until they were face to face.  She latched onto her in a tight bear hug and whispered in her ear, Thank you for that sister.  She then gave her a deep passionate kiss and did to Sheri exactly what her sister had done for her.

After she had brought Sheri to her first orgasm at the hands of another they lay side by side staring into each others eyes.  For over an hour there were no words spoken as they just stared at each other and Karen stroked Sheris hair gently and lovingly.  All the love she had in her she tried to share with that look and that stroke of the hair.  Finally Karen took a deep breath and closed her eyes and whispered. As much as I never want this moment to end, I think it is time to get up.  Youll never know how special you are to me my sister.

Sheri in that instant grabbed Karen in a deep embrace and cried into Karens shoulder.  Karen was beginning to wonder if she did something wrong but just waited for the crying to stop.  Finally the sobs stopped and after a few minutes of silence she pulled back.  With her hands on either side of Karens head, covering her ears and looking her in the eyes. She said And you will never know what having my sister back means to me.  I will never let you go again.  Having you back has saved my life.  She leaned in and gave Karen a sisterly kiss and then the moment ended.  They both got up and began getting ready for the day.  

That evening at dinner the girls figured out the last clues that would tell them where to start the nights hunt.  It was Lorraine that had it figured out in less than a minute.  They would be starting at the Molecular And Computational Biology Building.

When it got dark the girls were taken to Gate 5 and dropped off individually as they had been each night.  The girls ran quickly to the first stop and found the southern most door open.  When they went in they found a class room with a light on.  When they went in they saw a note on the black board that said, Strip naked and suck a cock.  When they looked around the room, there was no brother at all but tethered by a leash in a corner was a big dog.  Now that the girls had come to terms with sucking a dogs cock earlier in the week, they didnt hesitate to go over and quickly bring the dogs cock to its full glory and suck it until the dog came.  Once the dog came a brother came out of a back door to the class room and gave the pledge the next task which read, Go and research the archives of the Seavers Science Library and pick up the most recent issue of the Journal Nature.  

Most of the girls were familiar with the Science Library and knew where to go to find the Journal in question.  But when they got there a brother was at the door and wouldnt let them in until they knelt down and begged to be let in.  The brother was told that all he could do was stand there and deny them entrance until they knelt in submission and begged to get in.  No sexual favors were necessary but if offered it became a requirement.  Only April got in without giving a sexual favor.  She of course had the advantage of having written this particular task.  Jennifer got by with a blow job while Suzie and Lorraine had to give their brother a blow job and fuck them.  Brenda didnt think to kneel down at all until after she had offered every orifice in her body to her brother for a week.  When he still didnt respond it finally donned on her that if she were begging that she should be kneeling.  When she finally knelt and begged the brother said, You offered me the opportunity to fuck you in every way possible for a week.  My instructions were that you couldnt proceed until we had completed whatever you offered.  There is no way that this will wait a week so for tonight I will fuck you in all three holes and then let you go on.  But I expect that you will fulfill the rest of your task for the week after the initiation is over.  You will be my little sex slave for the week.  If you do not agree, your pledge week is over and you will not become a sister.

Brenda had a momentary panicked look but quickly came to the realization that in essence that was what they each were doing by pledging as a sister.  The expectation was that they would have sex with the brothers and that they had committed to never forcing the girls to do anything that would harm them.  She then thought about being a sex slave for a week and a shiver of excitement went through her and she started getting wet with excitement.  She reached over from her kneeling position and took the brothers cock out and sucked him off as quickly as she could.  Once he had come she quickly sucked him hard again and then she had him get on his back and planted his cock in her dripping cunt.  It took a bit longer for him to come this time but after twenty minutes and three orgasms she finally felt him cumming.  This time when she started sucking him to get him hard for the third and final fucking it took her almost twenty minutes to get him hard.  It was only after she stuck her finger up his ass that he got hard enough for him to fuck her ass.  Brenda knew that this would take a while and decided to just let things go naturally and not try and rush things.  She already assumed correctly that she had wasted so much time that she would come in last for the night.  Two of the other girls were actually able to pass her during the time she was fucking her brother.  

When the girls finally got to the newest issue of the Journal Nature they found their next task.  The note read, Look to the nearest reading table and you will find your new tail.  Put it in your ass and then proceed to the basement archives of the Leavey Library to find the name of your new partner and protector.  When the girls got to the table they found five butt plugs. They ranged in size from the smallest being two inches at the widest and one inch at the narrowest and increased in size by quarter inch increments until the widest was four and a half inches at the widest and three and a half inches at the narrowest. Each butt plug had a tail in it.  Poor Brenda having taken the longest and loosing her position ended up last and had to put the biggest one in.  Fortunately her ass was well lubed with the cum of her brother.  It took her a bit of effort and quite a bit of pain to get it in, but she was determined and after about five minutes, finally managed to force it in with a loud grunt.

The girls each made their way to the Leavey Library looking rather ridiculous with their tails wagging.  When the girls finally made it to the Library they found a door open and made their way to the basement archives.  There were no lights on except for the occasional exit sign so it took the girls a while to search.  On an isolated study desk was a lap top with wireless connection that had the Leavey Library Search engine open and connected to a printer.  The page was different for each girl as follows.

	Jennifer finds the page opened to Marquis Who's WhoTM Jennifer Suzanne
       Duke

Lorraine finds the page opened to Santa's Christmas computer. (play)
       Author: Lorraine Baron Caramanna

	Brenda finds the page opened to JEREMY KING, BRENDA KING (CENTURY
       GALLERY, HENLEY, ENGLAND: EXHIBITION REVIEW) Author: BAILEY, D. N.
       ARTS REVIEW (U.K.), VOL. 31, NO. 18 (14 SEPT. 1979), P. 489.
	Suzie finds the page opened to  Author: Suzie Ochieng, Title: 40 Years of Independence, Publication:  New African :425 [January 2004] p.23,  Abstract:  Kenya celebrated 40 years of independence on December 12, 2003, and on the same day in 1963, Prince Phillip, the duke of Edinburgh, representing the Queen, handed over the instruments of power to Prime Minister Jomo Kenyatta in Uhuru Park, Nairobi. Forty years on, Kenya has become a totally different country. Ochieng presents a profile of the present day Kenya under the leadership Mwai Kibaki, particularly discussing the country's economic conditions, priority programs, and infrastructure projects.

	April finds the page opened to Marquis Who's WhoTM opened to Max Michael
       April
       
Each girl printed out their page and rolled the paper up to figure everything out later.  As they were leaving the Library they were given their next task by a brother. The note read, Go to the back entrance of the Town and Gown.  There you will find a special treat awaiting you.  Be sure to tip the waiter well.

The girls then made their way with butt plugs in their ass to the Town and Gown.  There they found a brother at the back door in a tux without any pants on holding a tray with a special breaded fruit pie on it.  The girls had to suck off their waiter to get their pie.  They all wondered what the significance of the pie was but as they took it in hand they were led to the van waiting for them at Gate 2.  There they all waited for Brenda who was the last one in, almost twenty minutes past the last girl.  The two that had passed her knew that she was quite a ways behind and assured the others that she would make it.

Brenda finally made her appearance and the girls were taken directly back to the frat house.  When the girls gathered in the assembly room to await the results of the nights hunt, Brenda went to the duffle bag and searched through it.  She found what she was looking for and took them out.  She tied a section of rope to the two leather wrist cuffs and then placed them on her wrists.  She took her seat in the front with the ropes coiled up and held in each hand.  On her lap she placed a cat-o-nine tails.  She knew that she was last and was just waiting to see how far behind she was.  Truth be told she was getting more and more excited with every minute that passed.  She had dreamed of being tied up and punished like this for years.  She couldnt count the number of times she masturbated to a good cum to the fantasy.  She actually found it hard to sit still because of her excitement.

Karen finally came in announced, Jennifer is our winner tonight.  April would have been but she was not eligible tonight because she knew exactly what to do to get in the Seaver Science Library.  I think you all would agree that that gave her an unfair advantage.  This was determined before tonights hunt.  Now the loser tonight is Brenda.  What took us so long is that she was not only very far behind but she also amassed several penalties.  When everything was all added together, she was an hour and a half behind the leader.  Doing the math, that comes out to 450 swats.

There was a collective gasp from the girls except for Brenda.  Brenda got up and knelt in a submissive manner and waited for acknowledgement.  Karen finally recognized her and she said, Queen Karen, I have here a Cat-o-nine tails.  For every strike it makes, it hits with nine strands.  I would ask that I be hung with these ropes from the banister rail of the hallway upstairs so that I may be whipped with this over my entire body.  I do believe that the total will be 50 strikes.  That will spread the punishment over my entire body and reduce the potential for any lasting damage.  This is the way I desire to take my punishment if it is acceptable to the sisters.

Karen looked at the girls and said, If you girls agree then raise your hand.  The vote was unanimous.

Karen had the girls tie Brenda up while she dug out a couple of leather ankle cuffs and a couple of lengths of rope.  While the girls tied her hands to the overhead banister so that her arms were stretched out at a forty five degree angle, Karen put the ankle cuffs on and spread her legs apart about the same distance apart and tied them to the lowest door hinge on the closet door under the stairway and the door leading to the downstairs bathroom.  The way she was stretched out made it impossible for Brenda to do anything but wiggle a bit forward or backward.

Karen stood back and said, This is going to hurt like hell.  The cat is not very forgiving.  You will be covered with welts that will make it uncomfortable to wear clothing at all for a few days.  Are you sure that this is how you want to do this?

Brenda answered, Yes, but I want you to gag me so I dont scream too much.  I dont want to have the police show up investigating.  I dont think I could bear the humiliation.  I am ready to accept my punishment my queen.

Karen looked at the girls and said, I want a volunteer to suck her cunt and work on her clit while shes being whipped.  Who will do it?

Suzie was the first to volunteer and quickly scrambled between Brendas legs. She latched her mouth on to Brendas cunt and began sucking and trying to bring her to orgasm.  

Karen looked at the remaining two sisters and said, There will be a couple of minutes between each strike like we did with the paddle.  I want each of you to suck on her tits and gently caress the area that was whipped in between each strike.  Be sure to get out of the way when I say the count.  That will be the signal for the next strike. Are there any questions?

There were none and they all took up position. Karen said Begin and Jennifer swung the whip across Brendas back.  Lorraine and April quickly moved in and sucked on Brendas tits and massaged the area whipped until Karen said One.

The girls backed away and Jennifer whipped her again on the back except lower.  Brenda screamed through the ball gag from the pain.  The girls rushed in and assaulted her tits again.  

All the while, Suzie was on her knees between Brendas legs sucking and chewing on her cunt lips and clit.  Even as Brenda was whipped, Suzie kept stimulating her cunt and clit.  After the fifth strike of the cat, Suzie noticed that Brenda was getting excited.  She brought her hand up and stuck her finger in Brendas ass and started fucking her with it as she moved her oral attention to her clit.  When Brendas cunt started flowing freely, Suzie brought her other hand up and started fucking her cunt with two fingers. 

Brenda began groaning in pleasure in between the strikes of the whip.  Jennifer now moved around to Brendas front and the fifteenth strike landed on her stomach.  Suzie was now fucking her cunt with four fingers and her ass with three while sucking and chewing on her clit.  Brenda was close to orgasm and Jennifers next strike of the cat landed on her tits.  The intense pain on her tits and nipples along with the stimulation on her cunt and ass pushed her over into an all consuming climax that had her passing out.

Karen was wishing she had some more smelling salts to wake her up with when she remembered that they had a bottle of ammonia for cleaning under the kitchen sink.  She ran to the kitchen and got the bottle and returned to Brendas limp hanging body.  She took the lid off and held the ammonia under her nose.  

Brenda got a good whiff of the ammonia and jerked awake.  When she was fully alert Karen asked, That was number 16, do you want to continue?

Brenda looked into Karens eyes with obvious lust and vigorously nodded her head yes.  Karen looked at the other sisters and nodded her head saying, Go for it girls.  She wants it to continue.  

Karen leaned down and whispered in Suzies ear, I want you to see if you can get your entire hand in both her ass and cunt.  Youll have her cumming like never before If you do.

Suzies eyes got big as she looked at Karen and all Karen did was nod her head in the affirmative. Suzie shook her head yes and went back to sucking and chewing on Brendas clit while fucking her cunt and ass with her fingers.  Jennifer began whipping her again with the other girls massaging and nibbling on her tits in between strikes.  

Suzie kept up the stimulation during the whipping and it was at number 28 that she noticed Brenda getting close to climax again.  She felt it was time now to do what Karen said.  She folded her right thumb under her other fingers and pushed her right hand hard into her cunt in time with the next strike of the cat.  Brenda didnt even seem to notice the change because of the pain of the whip.  She also started fucking Brendas ass with four fingers.  When the 30th strike of the cat hit, Suzie tucked her thumb under and pushed her left hand all of the way into Brendas ass.  Suzie now had a hand in Brendas cunt and ass and was attacking her clit orally with a vengeance. She started alternately fucking her hands in and out of Brendas cunt and ass as Jennifer began whipping Brendas back again.  By strike 35, Brendas entire body went stiff and shook uncontrollable as if she was having a seizure before passing out.

Karen had the girls stop for a minute and used the ammonia to wake Brenda up again.  Karen got up close to Brenda so her face was only a few inches from her face.  She looked directly into her eyes and asked, You still have fifteen to go.  Do you want to continue?

Brenda rapidly shook her head yes with an even greater enthusiasm than she had before.  Karen stepped back and announced, Alright girls.  She is obviously enjoying this so lets finish up.  I want to see how many more times we can make her cum before she finishes all fifty.  Get going Jennifer.

Jennifer began whipping Brenda again, moving to her front.  The constant stimulation brought Brenda along even more quickly than before.  Brenda was hurting tremendously, but the pain seemed to be driving her orgasms to greater and greater heights.  By the time they got to the fiftieth stroke of the cat, they had induced four more major orgasms in Brenda.

When they all stepped back, Brenda was hanging limply with all of her weight being supported by her wrists.  Karen directed her release and the girls helped Brenda up to Karens room.  

As Karen was putting the cuffs and ropes in the duffel bag, Darren came into the room.  He sat down watching Karen and said, God I never would have believed a woman could orgasm from being whipped.  Ive never seen anything like it.

Karen cinched up the duffle and said, It takes a special kind of girl to orgasm from a whipping.  I think that she just lived out one of her fantasies.  She had already decided how she was going to take her punishment before we even said what the punishment would be.  If you look at the chair she was sitting in, you will see a big wet spot on it.  She was obviously excited about her punishment well before she even knew what it was.  Thats why I think she has fantasized doing this before.  Well have to watch her in the future so that she doesnt get herself into any dangerous situations.

Darren shook his head in understanding and changed the subject.  How are you and Sheri getting along?

Karen beamed a thousand watt smile back at Darren and said, We couldnt be better.  We had a very tender moment together this morning.  I already feel as if shes been my sister forever.  I even dreamed about us growing up together last night.  She went up to Darren and giving him a big hug said, Getting the two of us together was the absolutely most perfect gift you could have given either one of us.  Trust me when I say that that one act literally saved two lives.  She has her sister back and I have a sister I never had that can give me a new untraceable identity and a sense of family that I thought I had lost and in reality never had.  Thank you.  She leaned in and kissed Darren and just held her arms around his neck and her head on his shoulder for a long while.  

Finally Karen let go and the two of them went to bed. Karen again found herself cuddling up with her new sister in the middle of the bed.  When she went to sleep she dreamed again of growing up with Sheri.  Event after event that she had learned and recited back to Sheri ran through her dreams like a movie.  By morning her dream again became very erotic with Sheri eating her cunt.  This was when Karen woke up to find that Sheri was again eating her out in real life and they stared into each others eyes until Sheri brought her to a wonderful gentle orgasm.  

When the orgasm settled down, she pulled Sheri up and they cuddled.  When Karen started to return the favor, Sheri stopped her and said, As much as I would like that, my period started last night.

Karen got a big smile on her face.  She giggled a little and said, Dont let a little blood stop you.  She bounded up and got a towel and rushed back to Sheri.  She put the towel under her and then continued down and began eating out Sheris cunt.  She pulled the tampon string out and began to suck and chew on Sheris cunt with a vengeance.  

Sheris hands came up and pulled Karens head into her cunt.  She was soon in the throes of an orgasm.  Karen didnt stop with one though.  She kept it up until Sheri had five orgasms.  She passed out on the fifth so Karen got up and got another new tampon and a damp wash rag.  She cleaned Sheris cunt and put in the new tampon.  When she was done cleaning Sheri up she took the bloody towel under her and went to the bathroom to clean up.  Once she was clean she laid down on the bed facing Sheri and cuddled her until she woke up almost an hour latter.  She just stared at her with love during the whole time watching her breathing gently.

When Sheri woke up she saw Karen looking into her eyes and quietly said, Hi sister.

Karen leaned forward and kissed Sheris nose and said, Hi back.

They laid like that for a few more minutes and Sheri asked, Karen?

Yea she replied.

Sheri took a deep breath as if she was debating something in her mind and then asked, If I tell you something, would you promise to keep it between just the two of us?  I use to be able to talk to my Karen all the time and get her advice.  Will you do that for me?

Karen felt wonderful that Sheri wanted to share things with her like she did her own sister and answered, Well sister, I think I would be honored to be your confidante.  I promise that what ever we talk about will be between just the two of us.

Sheri took another few minutes before she spoke up again. She said, You know about the car crash that killed my family and led to me living with Darren and his parents.  What you dont know is that Darren sacrificed so much to give me support.  I was injured badly in the crash and it took months for me to get back to normal.  He gave up everything to make sure I had the support I needed to get healthy again.  Every time I contemplated suicide, it was the thought of what it would do to him that kept me from ever going through with it.  I love him with all my heart and want to devote my life to him because without him, I wouldnt be here.  But I cant bring myself to tell him how I feel because Im afraid he would change his opinion of me.  I know he loves me, but as a sister, not a lover.  Can you help me?

Karen thought about it for a few minutes.  Would you like me to find out what he thinks about you?  I think I could do it in a way that would not implicate your true feelings for him.  We can do it that way or we can go about teaching you how to seduce him.

Sheri thought about it for a few minutes and then said, If I tried to seduce him and he only thought of me as a sister then Im afraid I will ruin the relationship we have.  I want to keep what we have and just take it to the next level.  I love him more than life itself.  I couldnt bear to lose him completely out of my life.  Ill settle for our relationship as it is now if that is all that is possible but I want more.  Does that make sense?

Karen hugged Sheri as she tried to comfort her.  She said, I think I understand.  Ill talk to him.  Ill do it in a way that you arent implicated so that if he isnt interested in you romantically then we wont jeopardize your current relationship.  Now lets go down stairs and get breakfast started.  The girls have one more night out tonight.

Sheri said Thanks Karen.  I love you.

Karen gave her an extra squeeze and they cleaned up before going down to make Brunch.  About half way through breakfast, Darren came in to the dining room.  Karen saw him come in the front door and went up to him and gave him a hug and a kiss and said, So what brings my favorite knight in early today?  

Darren held up his night bag and said, I ran out of clean clothes so thought I would come get some more and check on my girls.  He gave Karen an extra big hug back and they went up to his room.  

As Darren put his dirty clothes away and got clean ones to put in his overnight bag, Karen sat on his bed.  She decided that there was no better time than the present to find out what he thought of Sheri.  She asked, I know that you said that Sheri lives with you now because of the accident, but what is your relationship with her?  What I mean is, do you think of her like a sister or is their something else.  The reason Im asking is if Im going to be her sister, I need to know those kinds of things dont you think?

Darren seemed surprised by the question and stopped what he was doing and looked at Karen.  It seemed as if he was debating whether or not to say something to her or not. Finally he sat down next to Karen and stared at the wall as he began, You have to understand that her sister and I were the best of friends our entire life.  From as far back as I can remember, we just knew that we were meant for each other.  There wasnt anything that I wouldnt do for her.  Thats one of the reasons that when I saw you, there was no way that I could leave you at the hands of those slavers in Washington.  Any way, I had just decided to ask her to marry me the night of the accident.  You dont know how devastated I was when I was told.  I didnt come out of my room for a week except for the funeral.  The engagement ring I bought for her was the only thing that was in the coffin they buried.  When I found out that Sheri survived, but was hanging by a thread, I couldnt stand the thought of her dieing too.  I went to the hospital and started spending all of my spare time with her to help encourage her to stay alive and pull through.  I made it my primary purpose to make sure that she always had someone there for her, no matter what.  When we found out that her parents wanted my folks to take care of her, I cried for joy that she would be such a close part of my life.  I may have lost my true love, but part of her survived in Sheri.  The next couple of years were tough on her.  Ive never seen such determination.  You know at the hospital they didnt think she would live, but she did.  When she left the hospital the doctors said she would never walk again, but she did. I watched her go through pain and suffering that no thirteen year old child should ever have to suffer.  I devoted my life to her recovery and she earned my admiration in ways that no one ever has.  Do I love her?  The answer has to be absolutely.  Do I want her to be a part of my life?  The answer is definitely.  God, if she wasnt eight years younger than me I would not even be looking at another girl.  Ive come to love her as much or more than I did her sister.  But because of the age difference, there is no way I want to jeopardize what we have by broaching the issue.  If all I can have is the current relationship we have, then I am happy to settle for that.  Does that answer your question? 

Karen answered, Yea it does.  Thank you.  I know that had to be hard.  There is a lot of pain that both of you have to get through yet.  I hope I can help heal some of that pain.  Anyway, thats enough of the serious stuff.  How about staying in your room tonight?  I think you just might get lucky if you do.  One condition though.  You have to wear the blindfold.  Agreed?

Darren shook his head yes and said, Sure.  You know I can never turn you down.  At least you now know why.  Ill be there with blindfold on at 9 pm.

Karen left to let Darren do his thing and returned to the dining room where the girls were all discussing where they would be starting tonights hunt.  They had just organized the words into the right order on the table so that it read University Computing Center Main Classroom.

Karen saw the girls had the right starting point and said, Congratulations girls.  This is the last night of the hunt.  After tonight, all you will have to do is figure out all of the things youve received and who they belong to.  So did you guys have your pastries for breakfast?

Karen watched as the girls all got that look of surprise when you suddenly remember something that you had forgotten.  Karen got the tray down that had the bread pies on it and put them on the table.  She said, Go ahead and each of you grab one.  Im sure that they are delicious.

Each of the girls grabbed one.  Brenda was obviously moving with quite a bit of pain.  Karen asked, Are you going to be all right Brenda?

Brenda smiled at Karen with a brave but pained smile and said, Im fine.  Just a bit on the sore side both in and out.  I had fantasized about doing something like that since I was a little girl.  I just couldnt let the chance pass me by.  I would go through that time and again to get the kind of orgasms I got last night, so it was definitely worth it.  Whenever I hurt when I move, it just reminds me of all of those good cums I had last night.  You guys are going to have to watch out for me or Im likely to allow something that would permanently injure me.  I never thought that pain could bring that much pleasure.

Karen said, Ive already talked to Darren about that very subject.  I saw the signs last night.  They will watch out for you.  Thats part of the deal.  Use your time as a sister to test your limits and boundaries.  That way you will know your limits when you finally are out on your own.  

Brenda gingerly gave Karen a hug and got the last pastry out of the bowl.  She had just picked it up when she heard a gasp and a squeal from Suzie.  When she looked over she saw Suzie cleaning off a choker necklace.  The other girls started gasping as well.  Each was pulling a similar choker out of their bread pie.  Brenda sat down and started tearing apart her pastry as well.  They all went to the sink and cleaned them up thoroughly.  When done they all sat back down on the table to exam more closely.  

The choker was made of a wire base that was designed to allow it to expand and contract like a spring.  It was covered with pearls that made it look very elegant.  In the front was a cameo that had the Omega Psi Greek letters on a blue onyx stone.  Each of the girls tried theirs on and it fit perfectly due to its ability to expand or contract.  All of the girls were murmuring words to the effect of Its beautiful or Its gorgeous.

Karen let the girls admire the choker necklaces for a couple of minutes and then announced, Ladies

They all looked at her and when she had their attention she said, Those are only for those who make it through pledge week and the initiation ceremony Saturday afternoon.  Sisters will be expected to wear their choker at all times.  By wearing it, you will be letting the world know that you are an Omega Psi Sister.  Now you girls need to go get cleaned up and ready for tonight.  Youll find what youre supposed to wear on your sleeping bags.  Wear that, your shoes and socks and nothing else.

The girls all put the necklaces in the bowl on the table and ran upstairs.  After they had left, Karen looked at Sheri and asked, So what are you willing to do for Darren to show him you love him?

Sheri didnt hesitate to answer, I want him to be my first and only man.  Ive never wanted anyone else and never will.  If I cant have him, then I wont have anybody.

Karen asked, Have you ever given a blow job?

Sheri blushed and quietly said, Nno.

Karen ordered, Go to the duffle bag in the assembly room and bring back the dildo.  Its time you learned if you want to rock Darrens world tonight.

Sheri had jumped up to go get the dildo until she heard Karens last statement and turned asking, Tonight?

Karen answered, Darren told me he loved you more than anything in the world.  That the only thing that was keeping him from doing anything with you was your age and that he didnt want to lose you from his life.  At 9 pm tonight, he will be laying in his bed naked with a blindfold on, waiting for me to come in and spend the night with him.  The only thing is, he will be spending the night with you instead.  Now go get that dildo so I can teach you how to give a blow job so he doesnt suspect too early.  You wont be as good as me, but youll be good enough by the time Im through with you.

Sheri launched into Karen and almost knocked her over in her excitement.  She hugged her desperately and said Thank you over and over.  She finally let go and ran to the assembly room to get the dildo.  When she returned, Karen began to instruct her on the finer arts of sucking a cock and how to deep throat. 

About two hours later while Sheri was taking a break, the pledges came down the stairs.  When Sheri looked up at the sound she started giggling at first and then broke out laughing.  The pledges were naked except for shoes and socks, the tail from the night before (attached to a dildo plug), a dog collar and a mask on that made them look like a dog.  

Karen said, Welcome my little puppies.  As you can see, youll be going canine tonight.  There will be no walking anywhere.  You are required to crawl on hands and knees.  The good news is that there will be only three stops.  You have an hour before you have to go, so spend it wisely.  But dont get out of your costume.  The girls all went about their business and Karen went back to teaching Sheri how to deep throat.  

Unfortunately Sheri just couldnt do it so Karen said, Youll just have to stick to what you can do.  Dont worry about it.  Not every girl can do that.  Im sure that you will give him one of the best blow jobs hes ever had.  Now lets hear what you plan on doing when you get in the room tonight.

Sheri said, Youre going to first stick your head in to confirm that he is ready with the blindfold on and let him know that youll be there in a minute.  Then a couple of minutes later, I will go in and kiss him everywhere but on his lips or cock.  Then I will suck him off.  When he gets hard I will lie down next to him and then whisper in his ear that I love him and ask him to make love to me.  What do you think?

Karen just smiled and said, I think it should work.  Im absolutely sure that it will turn out the way you want.  I just want all of the details tomorrow morning.  Now go upstairs and get cleaned up.  Be sure to use my perfume so he will think its me at first.

Karen and Sheri hugged and Sheri went off to their room.  Karen went out to the assembly room and announced, Well girls, are you ready for the last night of the hunt?

They all answered in the affirmative.  Karen opened the door and said, The vans out front.  Good hunting.  Well see you when youre done.  Now dont forget, no walking tonight.

After the girls took off, Karen went up stairs and walked into her room.  She saw that Sheri was just finishing with her make up.  She looked at the clock and saw that it was 9:06 pm.  She turned and went to Darrens room and opened the door.  She saw that he was in the center of his bed on his back with a blindfold on and his cock erect, sticking up in the air.  She smiled and said, It will just be a few more minutes.  Now dont forget that the blindfold stays on and absolutely no touching.  You just lie right there and enjoy whats going to happen.  I guarantee that it will rock your world.

Darren wondered what Karen had planned but had learned that whatever it was, it was usually enjoyable so he was willing to follow her orders.

About ten minutes later, Sheri was finished with her hair.  She looked nervously at Karen and said, IIm about as ready as Ill ever be.

Karen put her hands on her shoulders and looked her in the eyes and said, I know youre nervous.  Just take a deep breath and do it as we talked about earlier.  Just let all of the love you have for him flow into everything you do.  I guarantee that he will be putty in your hands if you do.  Now go. The love of your life is waiting for you.

Sheri turned and went to Darrens room.  She stopped outside the door and paused.  She looked at the clock and saw that it was almost 9:30 pm.  She reached to the door knob and opened the door.  

Karen gave her about five minutes and then went up to the door.  It was partially open and she pushed it open a bit more so she could see in better.  She saw that Sheri was busy kissing and licking down his thighs, covering every inch as she went.  When she got to his toes she kissed and sucked each one and then started on the other leg and began with the toes and worked up.  Finally she paused and took a deep breath and opened her mouth wide and put it over his cock.  She started sucking the head for a couple of minutes and then started bobbing her head up and down.  She started taking more and more of it with each down stroke.  Karen watched with surprise when she saw Sheri take a deep breath on the up stroke and then push his entire cock down her throat.  She smiled with a tear running down her cheek as she pulled the door closed and went down stairs.  

Karen had been falling for Darren in a hard way.  But after hearing both of them declare their love for each other as they had, she decided that she just had to get them together.  She would still be a part of their lives, but more as a sister than a lover.

After the pledges left, they were taken to Gate 6 and let out like before.  This time the girls had to be a bit more careful to keep from being seen because they were crawling instead of running.  When they got to the University Computing Center Main Classroom, the brother waiting there gave the girls a nine inch dildo that was two inches wide.  The dildo had a bulge about three inches up from the base that expanded to four inches.  The bulge was about the right location for a dogs knot.  The task for the girls was that they had to fuck themselves to orgasm with the dildo and that they had to take the bulge each time they stroked the dildo in.  Once they came, they had to leave the dildo in their cunts for the rest of the night.  April had the advantage because she had already had a dog cock in her cunt and was able to get it in.  Suzie took the longest because she was the tiniest of the girls and had the hardest time taking the entire dildo in her cunt.  

When they had their orgasm, the brother took a leash that had hooks on both ends and attached each hook to the collar on the girls neck.  He placed the leash over the girls shoulder and let the leash lay on her back.  He told the sister to go to the Humanities and Social Sciences building.  

Upon arriving at the next stop, they entered and found a class room with a light on.  They entered and were made to give the brother a blow job as a task.  Once they had finished swallowing the brothers cum, they were each given a choke chain that was hooked to the leash and sent to a different location.  April was sent to the Center for Applied Mathematical Science.  Brenda was sent to the Andrus Gerontology Center.  Jennifer was sent to Hedco Chemical Engineering.  Lorraine was sent to Molecular and Computational Biology.  Finally Suzie was sent to the Seaver Science Center.  Each girl found a brother with a dog at their building.  They were required to give the dog a blow job.  Once the dog had cum, the brother took the choke chain and put it on the dog.  The sisters were now attached by the leash on the girls collar to the choke chain on the dog.  

The sister was told that her tasks for the night were complete. They were instructed to take their dog to the nearest gate and await the van.  The girls crawled to the gate leading their dog as they were told.  Because the girls started about fifteen minutes apart, they didnt have to wait at the gate.  The van was waiting to pick them and their dog up.  It took the girls quite a bit longer to make it through the tasks of the night because of having to crawl.

When the girls got back to the house they crawled into the assembly room with their dogs.  They were all petting the dogs and looking at the tags on their collars for their name.  The Saint Bernards were Karens Duke and Baron.  The German Shepherd was named King.  The Great Dane was Prince and the Rottweiller was Max.  

Lorraine suddenly burst out, Uh, guys.  You remember the information we were given at the library archives.  Well mine was a play called Santas Christmas Computer written by Lorraine Baron.  I bet that means that I am to get Baron.  Is that correct Karen?

Karen had just walked into the assembly room as Lorraine burst out with her insight.  Karen answered, Very good Rainey.  Youre exactly right.  If you all look at the information you were given, you will be able to figure out which dog belongs to which girl.  Lorraine, since you already have yours figured out, why dont you watch the boys while the others go get their print out from the library.

The other girls took off up the stairs as fast as possible.  Lorraine went over to the dogs and started looking at the tags until she found Baron.  She hugged him and said Well boy, it looks like you and I are together now.  What do you think of that?  Baron licked her face in answer and Lorraine began giggling.  She had always wanted a dog and hugged Baron saying, Yeah, I love you too.  Youre an absolutely beautiful animal.  Im glad youre mine now.  Lorraine turned around to look at the stairs as she heard the stampede coming down. 

The girls came back in the room and sat down.  Karen announced, Lorraine, you take the dog to their rightful owner when they figure out which one belongs to them.

The first of the girls to speak up was Jennifer.  She yelled out, My printout was some information from the Marquis Who's WhoTM on Jennifer Suzanne Duke.  I guess that means I get Duke.

Karen acknowledged that she was correct and Lorraine took Duke to Jennifer.  April announced as Duke was being led to Jennifer, Mine was information from the Marquis on Max Michael April so I guess that my dog is Max.

Lorraine went to the dogs and found Max and led him to April.  After a few more minutes Brenda announced, My printout was from the Art Review Journal and it was a review of an exhibition by Jeremy and Brenda King.  I guess that means I get King.

Lorraine goes back to the two remaining dogs and takes both of their leashes.  She led King to Brenda and then took Prince to Suzie.  She said, Theres only one left so he has to be yours.  

Suzie gasped, My god hes big.  Hes almost twice as big as I am.  I hope hes gentle.

Karen smiled and reassured her saying, Hes the gentlest of the bunch.  Thats why we decided to give him to you.  With your small size and as big as these dogs are, we didnt want one that might over power you.  I assure you that you will love him.

Karen let the girls get familiar with the dogs for a few minutes and then announced, All right girls the hunt is over and you have all passed with flying colors.  We hadnt planned on you figuring out whose dog is whose until tomorrow.  But since you did that tonight then each of you will get to sleep with your dog tonight.  Tomorrow, you will spend the morning and afternoon giving your dog a bath and cleaning him thoroughly.  Then you will prepare yourselves.  At 7 pm the entire fraternity and several alumni will be attending your initiation.  So get a good nights sleep and well see you tomorrow morning.  Wake up is at eight so dont stay up too late.

The girls got up and led their dogs up the stairs.  Karen followed but looked in on Darren and Sheri.  When she opened the door she saw them spooned together with Sheri in front and Darren with his arm draped over her with his hand holding her tit.  They were both sound asleep and Karen could tell that they belonged together just from looking.  She closed the door with tears of happiness running down her cheeks and went to her room.  As she got in bed she watched as the girls all lied down with their dogs on their sleeping bags.  It didnt take long for them all to fall asleep.  Karen put her hands behind her head on the pillow and stared at the ceiling wondering how much better life could get.  At that very moment she felt for the first time that she truly belonged where she was.  Finally she was accepted and appreciated for who she was.  Soon she too fell asleep.
  
This is end of Chapter 39.
   
Please e-mail comments to 
redlegtiger@hotmail.com 

or visit my blog at My Blog URL:  
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.  



Redlegtiger 

