Hank’s training is pretty thorough, ranging from kissing to all manner of things Dean never even thought were anatomically possible. There’s only one hole in his education—although a damned gaping one, if you ask Dean. Considering what these sick fucks want him to do. And he can tell that Hank wants to, the way the fucker keeps going on about it while he makes Dean come all over himself again and again.

But then Vincent comes in when they’re washing Dean off and explains about Dean’s ‘final exam’, and everything is suddenly crystal clear. Seems like there’s a lot of money for that kind of thing, in certain markets. And Vincent, Dean is already starting to understand, knows how to find all of those.

It shouldn’t feel like much, not in comparison to what Dean has done over the last twenty-four hours since he agreed to play the gladiator (Vincent doesn’t believe in wasting time), but his stomach is still twisting in on itself when Hank leads him to an ornately furnished suite and leaves him there to wait.

There are no chains here like there were with Hank, nothing removing the weight of responsibility from Dean’s shoulders. There are no drugs to dull his senses or make him want it or take the edge off his fear. There’s only him, and the over-loud beating of his own heart, and his thoughts of Sam.

How easily Sam could be taken. How easily he could be hurt.

When the client comes in—Dean’s first, the man who paid over a half a million dollars for this privilege—he makes himself smile. He doesn’t fight when the man strips him. Doesn’t resist as he’s led into the bedroom. But he can’t bring himself to meet his client’s eyes, and everything he says comes out mumbled and awkward, which only makes him more anxious because he’s fucking this up despite his best intentions.

He’s already been violated more ways than he can count, already proved what a fucking slut he is, and Vincent is going to send for Sam anyway.

But the client seems to like the blushing virgin act because he laughs, and puts his hands all over Dean’s body until Dean is shaking with the effort of not punching the sick fuck’s face in, and then finally—fucking finally—tells him to lie down on his back and spread his legs. Dean bites the inside of his cheek bloody, but he obeys, lying there stiff and unyielding as stone despite the fact that Hank has illustrated more than once that it hurts more when he clenches up. He means to shut his eyes and think of something else—anything else—but the client’s hand grips his chin harshly when he tries it.

“No,” the man says. “I want you to look at me. I want to see everything you’re feeling.”

Dean thinks he might throw up all over both of them—and won’t that be a mood-breaker—but he takes a shaky breath and steels himself and keeps his eyes open. He isn’t hiding anything, he knows—too fucking rattled to even remember what his walls look like, let alone cower behind them—but it doesn’t matter. And anyway, this is what the guy wants—what the client demands to be kept happy. It isn’t a big deal, in the scheme of things, and Dean reminds himself of that fact as he feels the first, nauseating push.

After all, he’s already sacrificed so many things for Sammy over the years.

What’s one more?