Weekend At The Lake
by noreaster20

Weekend At The Lake Ch. 02

Jack and Allie watch Christi have sex, leading to more.

I jolted upright after hearing a loud thud. I had no idea what time it was, but it must have been the middle of the night. The room was dark, and all the lights upstairs were off. Allie must have turned them off when she came back to bed, though I didn't remember her doing it. I fumbled around in the bed in an unsuccessful attempt to find my phone and check the time.

"What was that?" I asked quietly, nudging Allie who was asleep to my right. "Did you hear that?"

"Hear what, Jack?" she replied, half-asleep. "Go back to sleep. I'm sure it's nothing."

"I thought I heard something a minute ago," I continued. "It sounded like a door slamming shut. Do you know if Christi is back from that party?"

"What party?" Allie asked, clearly not fully awake.

"Joey's party. You know, the one she said she was going to."

"Oh that's right," Allie said, a little bit more alert now. "I didn't hear her come in, but I was in a pretty deep sleep for a while there. You tired me out, Jack." Allie moved closer to me and lowered her head onto my chest. I loved the feel of her warm, soft skin.

I hadn't heard Christi come in, either. Allie was right about one thing, though. We both slept soundly after our marathon session earlier that night. We must have had sex three or four times, with plenty of foreplay and fondling mixed in.

I vividly remembered tasting her when she came back to bed after I came the first time. Allie stretched out on her back, and I eagerly dove between her legs. I parted her lips with my hands and slowly licked her vulva from bottom to top. I hadn't gone down on a girl in some time, so I struggled to find the right rhythm. Every so often, she would moan after a properly placed lick, and her legs would briefly tighten around my head. Before long, she reached down and ran her fingers through my hair while I continued my work at the junction between her thighs. With a quick tug of my hair, Allie pulled my face to hers and kissed me passionately. More daring this time, she thrust her tongue into my mouth, seemingly eager to taste her own juices. My dick had hardened again by then, so I entered her once more and gradually brought her to orgasm. By the third or fourth time we had sex, Allie moaned so loudly that the neighbors must have been able to hear. Christi surely would have heard it if she were home, but she was still out at that point.

"Maybe it's just Christi," I said to Allie as I emerged from my brief moment of nostalgia. "Did she say what time she'd be back?"

"Nope," Allie replied. "It's probably her. She wasn't exactly quiet when she'd get back to our room after a night out in college. I'm awake now, too. If we hear anything else, we can figure it out then, but I think we should try to get back to sleep."

Before I got a chance to answer, I heard footsteps and a voice from downstairs.

"Keep it down so we don't wake up the entire house," the voice said. It was Christi's. I immediately felt relieved.

"Okay, whatever you say," another voice answered. It was a guy's voice. Maybe she had brought Joey back. I didn't know Joey well enough to recognize his voice, so I wasn't sure.

I listened as they climbed the stairs to the second floor. Neither of them turned on the light in the hallway, so I couldn't see what was happening. All I could do was listen.

Christi and her new friend reached the top of the stairs and walked toward the opposite end of the hall. Christi turned on her bedroom light, which flooded her room and about half of the hallway in a warm yellow hue. My room remained in darkness.

From where my bed was, I had an unobstructed view of Christi's room at the other end of the hall. Christi was wearing her black bikini, though the bottoms were covered by a pair of tight denim shorts. Her brown hair fell to her shoulders. It looked like she had straightened it before going out.

Her mysterious guy friend had well-maintained blonde hair with a few curls in it. He wore light blue swim trunks and a white button-up shirt. I watched as he kicked off his brown sandals and began unbuttoning his shirt.

"Want some help with that, Eric?" Christi asked.

I had no idea who this guy was. Christi hadn't mentioned anyone to me with that name. Maybe she met him at Joey's party.

"Be my guest," Eric said back, dropping his hands and placing them on his hips. He watched as Christi unbuttoned his shirt, one button at a time. I watched from afar.

Christi removed Eric's shirt, revealing his toned, tanned chest. She placed her hand on his chest and leaned in to kiss him. Christi closed her eyes as their lips met, and I watched as she opened her mouth to him.

Eric fumbled with her bikini top as they kissed, struggling to remove it. Christi lent him a hand, unhooking it in the back and letting it fall forward off her torso. I caught a glimpse of Christi's erect nipples before she pushed them into Eric's chest as they continued their makeout session. It felt wrong to be watching, but I just couldn't look away.

Christi kissed her way down Eric's torso until she reached his waist. With a quick tug, Christi pulled down Eric's light blue swim trunks and let them fall to the ground. After Eric kicked his swim trunks aside, Christi went to work.

Entranced, I watched as Christi licked Eric's erect dick from the base to the tip. Her eyes were closed, and she instinctively let her tongue glide along Eric's shaft. I instantly became aware of my own hardness as I watched Christi operate. Even after the workout it got earlier that evening, I could feel my dick throbbing.

All of a sudden, I felt Allie's hand take hold of my dick. I had assumed Allie was sleeping. Did she know I was watching Christi this whole time? I felt more than a little embarrassed.

"Your sister sure knows how to suck a cock, huh?" Allie whispered in my ear as she began stroking my erect shaft.

"I, uh..." I whispered as my voice trailed off. I didn't want to admit I had been watching.

"It's okay to watch, Jack," Allie said. "I've watched her before, too."

Not knowing what else to say, I nodded. Allie must have had plenty of opportunities to witness Christi's sexual adventures while in college.

"See how she just takes him in like that?" Allie continued. "That kid must be having the time of his life over there. He doesn't know how good she is at this."

Allie adjusted the pace of her stroking to match the pace of Christi's blowjob. Allie's soft hand moved up and down my length in the same way that Christi's mouth moved along Eric's. When Christi took Eric's balls in her hand, Allie did the same to mine. In a weird way, it almost felt like I was the one getting the blowjob. I wasn't sure what Allie was trying to do, but it felt both wrong and exciting at the same time.

"Think you can last as long as this guy does, Jack?" Allie asked as she continued her stroking.

I nodded again. I wasn't going to be outlasted by some random guy.

Down the hall, Christi looked up at Eric alluringly. They locked eyes as Christi proceeded to work on Eric's crotch.

"You like getting your dick sucked, don't you Eric?" Christi said playfully after coming up for air.

"I like getting my penis sucked, yes," Eric responded, putting noticeable emphasis on the word penis. It sounded like he was correcting her choice of terminology. It was a strange move to say the least.

"Forgive me, your majesty," Christi replied, clearly sounding annoyed. "I didn't mean to insult your regal member."

"I'm sure you didn't," Eric answered. "How about you take off the rest of your clothes and then keep doing what you were doing?"

"Why don't you take them off of me?" Christi countered.

"With pleasure," Eric replied.

He rose from the bed and knelt in front of Christi. He quickly undid the button on her denim shorts and lowered the zipper. After a gentle tug, Christi's shorts fell to the ground, leaving just her black bikini bottoms which did little to hide her ass. Deciding not to let them stay for much longer, Eric pulled those down, too, leaving Christi naked in front of him. His eyes widened when he saw Christi's hair-covered mons.

"Care to return the favor?" Christi asked him, gesturing to her crotch in hopes of receiving some oral pleasure herself.

"How about I show you what this penis can do instead?" Eric answered. He evidently had no desire to go down on Christi.

"Bad move," Allie whispered in my ear. "Christi loves getting eaten out. It's like her favorite thing. The sex is almost an afterthought to her."

I waited to see what would happen next. Allie continued fondling my balls as we watched the scene play out at the other end of the hall.

"You sure?" Christi asked. "I taste pretty good, you know." Christi wasn't dancing around the issue.

"I'm sure," Eric answered. "That's not really my thing."

"Suit yourself," Christi replied.

"Really bad move," Allie whispered. "She's had enough of him now. I bet she'll fuck him just to see it through, but it'll be quick."

"How do you know?" I whispered back.

"Just trust me," Allie answered. "You'll see."

"Do you have a condom?" Christi asked, wasting no time.

"I'm clean," Eric said. "I don't need one."

"Yes you do," Christi pushed back. "So, do you have one?"

"No, I don't think so," Eric replied, sounding pretty disappointed.

"I should have a couple in the nightstand," Christi said matter-of-factly. "You can grab one from there."

Eric did as he was told. He pulled open the drawer to the nightstand, grabbed one of the colorful wrappers, ripped it open, and rolled the latex sheath down his shaft.

"Good," Christi said. "Now lie down."

"Shouldn't you lie down first?" Eric asked.

"No," Christi answered. "I'll be on top."

Eric stretched out on his back. Christi quickly mounted him, swinging one leg over his torso and hovering over his dick. Christi faced away from him, choosing to go reverse cowgirl.

Eric moaned as Christi took him inside her. Although Eric couldn't see her face, Allie and I could see it clearly from down the hall. Christi did not look enthused. Nonetheless, she began rocking her hips back and forth, picking up speed very quickly.

"Here she goes," Allie whispered. "Still think you can last longer?"

"Mhmm," I whispered back.

"Guess we'll find out," Allie replied. She resumed stroking my dick, faster now to match the pace of Christi's hips.

Christi showed no signs of slowing. She didn't even look back at Eric. She just continued what she started, producing a steady, rhythmic thumping sound.

"You can slow down if you want," Eric tried to interject.

"Nah," Christi said. "Thanks though." She kept on going, perhaps even a little faster than before.

For her part, Allie kept going, too. She effortlessly matched Christi's rhythm and did not seem at all fatigued.

"Your sister sure knows how to fuck," Allie whispered to me. "There's no way this guy lasts much longer."

She was right. Before long, we heard a few groans from Eric. After a couple more hip motions, Christi slowed her pace and then ceased entirely. She swung one leg back over him and pulled Eric's now semi-erect dick out from between her legs.

Eric stood and removed the condom, tossing it in the trash can beside the nightstand.

"That doesn't usually happen," Eric said, sounding quite embarrassed.

"Don't worry about it," Christi replied.

"How about I --" Eric began before Christi cut him off.

"We don't need to do the awkward small talk thing," Christi said. "You can just put your clothes back on and go. It's really okay."

"I thought maybe we could go again," Eric said.

"Not tonight," Christi replied. "I'm pretty tired. Maybe another time."

"No problem," Eric said. Taking the hint, he quickly put his clothes back on. "Maybe tomorrow? I can text you."

"Maybe," Christi answered noncommittally. "Do you have everything?"

"Yeah," Eric said.

"Okay," she replied. "I'll show you out."

Christi and Eric walked downstairs. I heard the door open and close, along with muffled goodbyes. Christi quickly came back upstairs and went into the bathroom. I could hear her shut the bathroom door and turn on the shower.

"I told you I'd last longer," I whispered to Allie.

"I knew you would," Allie whispered back, still stroking my erect shaft. "Here's your reward."

"My reward?" I began to ask, but Allie had already taken me in her mouth.

That was all it took for me to bust. My balls exploded and sent warm cum down my shaft and into Allie's mouth. Allie let it collect on her tongue then tipped her head back, swallowed, and smiled.

"Worth it?" Allie asked, settling back down onto the bed and placing her head on my chest.

"Definitely," I replied, my dick still throbbing from all the excitement.

We lay there in silence for a few minutes, listening to the sound of each other's breathing and caressing each other's naked bodies. Ready to drift off to sleep, I closed my eyes.

"Listen, Jack," Allie said. "There's something you should know about nights like this when Christi doesn't get what she wants from a guy."

"Mhmm," I said, my eyes still closed. "What is it?" I asked. But after my latest orgasm, I was exhausted.

"Sometimes, when that happens..." Allie started to say.

I didn't hear the rest. My body gave in to the exhaustion, and I quickly fell asleep.

* * * * * * * * * *

When I woke up again, it was still dark. I must not have been asleep for very long. Once again, it was a noise that woke me up, but this time it was much closer. There was no loud bang from downstairs. Instead, I heard bed sheets rustling and heavy breathing.

I quickly tried to assess the situation. Was Allie awake, too? Was she just having a bad dream? I closed my eyes and listened. The breathing was interspersed with a few moans and groans. This definitely wasn't a bad dream. It sounded like Allie was masturbating.

I felt uneasy. Was my performance in bed not enough to satisfy her? I thought I had done pretty well. We both had seemed to enjoy it, and I had made her come more than once. I tried not to consider the possibility that Allie had faked her orgasms. That was all I could think about until I heard a voice.

"Oh yes, Allie, right there," the voice said.

It was Christi. What the hell was going on here? Why was my sister in my bed, and why was she saying Allie's name? I briefly wondered if I was dreaming, but a quick pinch of my own skin confirmed that I was not.

"You like when I lick your pussy, don't you?" Allie said alluringly.

"Mhmm," Christi moaned back.

I could hear Allie's tongue working feverishly between Christi's legs. Christi apparently was quite wet. Allie must've been good at this.

I wondered if this is what Allie had meant about the times Christi didn't get what she wanted from a guy. Maybe this was a regular occurrence. If Christi was unsatisfied and didn't want to bring herself to orgasm on her own, maybe Allie would offer to help. It all felt really odd, but stranger things have happened, I guess. After all, this whole weekend was pretty strange, and this interaction was no different.

"Ahhhh," Christi groaned loudly, derailing my train of thought.

The noises were louder now compared to the soft sounds of Allie's tongue. I could make out rhythmic stroking and squishing sounds coming from the other side of the bed. Allie must have started fingering Christi.

"Holy shit," Christi said. "I'm so wet."

"I can tell," Allie said, giggling. "I know what you like."

"That guy from the party didn't," Christi replied. "I didn't even get close to coming."

"Don't worry, babe," Allie replied. "I'll take care of it like I always do."

My suspicions were confirmed. This definitely was not a one-time thing. I could only wonder how many times this had happened before.

"How do you want to come?" Allie asked, picking up the pace with her hand. "Fingers or oral?"

"I don't know," Christi said breathlessly. "Either one."

"I want you to tell me what you want," Allie replied. "Do you want to come from my fingers in your pussy or from my tongue on your clit?"

Allie clearly had no problem with being direct.

"Finger me," Christi muttered.

"Finger you where?"

"You know where."

"I want you to say it. I want you to ask for what you want."

"Finger my..." Christi's voice trailed off, seemingly overcome by pleasure.

"Finger your what?" Allie said.

"My pussy," Christi fired back. "Finger my pussy, Allison. I want you to finger me and then suck my clit while I come."

"Your wish is my command," Allie replied.

Allie did as she was told. I heard the tempo of Allie's hand quicken, and Christi came soon after. Christi let out a long, loud moan that surely would have woken me if I hadn't been awake already, but Christi seemed unfazed by this.

I felt the sheets move as Christi gripped them tightly with her hands. The bed rocked as Christi bucked her hips in the midst of her orgasm.

"Finish me, Allison," Christi commanded. "I want your tongue on my clit and in my pussy. Please, Allie. I want it."

I heard Allie lick Christi's vulva, which must have sent Christi even further over the edge. The loud moaning went on unabated for a bit longer while Allie fervently continued licking. Before long, the moaning began to subside, and Allie eased up, too.

"Holy shit," Christi said. "That was awesome. Thanks, Allie. I needed that."

"No problem," Allie replied nonchalantly.

"Want me to return the favor?" Christi asked.

"No thanks," Allie said. "Your little brother already took care of it."

"Oh really?" Christi replied, sounding not the least bit surprised.

"Mhmm," Allie answered. "Isn't that right, Jack?"

Hearing Allie say my name startled me. I kept my eyes closed and did my best not to react.

"Come on, Jack," Allie continued. "We both know there's no way you slept through that. Your sister isn't exactly quiet."

"I couldn't help it!" Christi countered. "It's not my fault you're so good at this."

"I am good at this. Right, Jack?" Allie asked.

"Yeah," I said, trying to sound like I just woke up and hadn't been listening to my sister's orgasm moments earlier.

For the first time in several minutes, I cracked open my eyes. The room was still completely dark, and there were no lights on in the hall or anywhere else that would offer any illumination. Even the moon seemed to have gone into hiding. It was nice to be able to maintain at least some level of anonymity in the darkness.

"I'm sorry for waking you, Jack," Christi said softly. It sounded like she was going back into big sister mode after coming down from her orgasmic high.

"It's no big deal," I said.

"See?" Allie interjected before I could say anything else. "Everything's fine. Now can we all shut up and go to sleep? I've spent half my night getting you two off. I'd like to get some rest."

"I'll go back to my room," Christi said.

"No," Allie answered. "You can stay. It'll be like college."

"Is that okay with you, Jack?" Christi asked.

"Yeah," I said. "No problem."

"Great," Allie said. "Now let's all be quiet so I can get some sleep."

I tried to rationalize everything that had just happened. Allie had slept with both Christi and me in the same night, and now Christi was sleeping with us in the same bed. Being naked around the house was one thing, but sleeping in the same bed was another matter entirely. It felt wrong.

Still, there was something exciting about knowing that my sister was naked just two bodies away from me. I convinced myself that with Allie between us, it wasn't as weird as it might have felt at first. Deciding that was enough rationalizing to allow me to drift back to sleep, I put it out of my mind.

I rolled over toward the middle of the bed to be closer to Allie. My body next to hers, I reached over with my hand and placed it on her flat, fit abdomen. Her skin was smooth as ever.

My hand naturally slid further down her torso as I readjusted my body in an unsuccessful attempt to get comfortable. To my surprise, my hand brushed up against a tangle of coarse hair below her belly. That's strange, I thought to myself.

Then it hit me. It wasn't Allie that I was next to. It was Christi. I recoiled almost instantaneously, pulling my hand back toward my body and rolling back over to the edge of the bed, nearly falling off in the process. I flailed for a few seconds as I tried to get my balance and steady myself.

"Dude, what are you doing?" Allie's voice called out. "I can't even try to fall asleep with you bouncing around over there. Take it easy."

"Sorry," I said. "I was just adjusting so I could get into a more comfortable spot. My bad."

I lay there in silence for a couple of minutes, trying to shrug off what just happened. It was a mistake, after all. I thought it was Allie. That was a good enough explanation. Even if it wasn't, it would have to do. There was nothing I could do to change anything now.

I felt Christi's body move toward mine. She placed her hand on my chest as she brought her lips to my ear.

"It's not a big deal, Jack," she whispered. "Get some sleep."

She gave me a quick kiss on the cheek before rolling back over toward the other side of the bed. I felt better about it already.

I closed my eyes once again and let the feeling of relief wash over me until I drifted off to sleep.

* * * * * * * * * *

I woke up later than usual the next morning. I hadn't set an alarm, but the morning sun coming in through the windows roused me from my slumber.

Rubbing my eyes, I looked over at the other side of the bed. Allie was still sound asleep, her head under a pillow to shield her eyes from the morning sunlight. Her naked body was sprawled out on the bed and sported a soft yellow glow from the sunshine.

Christi must have already gotten up. Even from upstairs, I thought I could smell some coffee brewing. Rather than stay in bed with Allie, I thought it might be a good chance for a one-on-one talk with Christi and decided to get up. After quickly brushing my teeth and using the bathroom, I was ready to start my Sunday.

All of a sudden, I felt self-conscious about being naked. Maybe it was some residual awkwardness from last night. Wanting to play it safe, I pulled on some boxers, shorts, and a t-shirt before heading downstairs.

I helped myself to a cup of coffee in the kitchen and made my way into the living room where I found Christi. Unlike me, she was fully naked.

"Morning," I said softly, taking a seat in an armchair opposite the couch where Christi sat.

"Morning, Jack," she answered, smiling. "How'd you sleep?"

"Pretty good," I said. "How about you?"

"I slept great," Christi replied. "As I'm sure you recall, I had a pretty active night, so I was exhausted by the end of it. It made for a restful night of sleep afterward."

"About that," I said. "I'm sorry again for last night."

"What about last night?"

"Brushing up against you like that. It was a total accident. I thought it was Allie."

"Jack, it's okay. Like I told you last night, it's not a big deal. You put your hand on my stomach and accidentally felt my pubes. So what? My pussy doesn't bite. At least I don't think it does." Christi smiled a warm, disarming smile.

We both laughed at her joke. She knew just what to say to make me feel better.

"You're sure you aren't mad?" I asked.

"I'm sure," she replied as she took a sip of her coffee. "Does this have anything to do with why you're suddenly wearing clothes again?"

"A little," I said. "I was nervous after last night and didn't know if it was still cool to go naked or not. I put something on just in case."

"Come here," Christi said, motioning to an empty spot next to her on the couch.

Somewhat reluctantly, I did as I was told. Taking my coffee with me, I flopped down on the couch next to Christi, leaving a few feet of space between us.

"Closer," Christi said.

I complied.

"Now give me your hand," she continued.

"What?" I asked bewilderedly.

"Just give me your hand," she replied softly. "It won't hurt."

I offered Christi my hand, palm up. She turned it over, placing my palm on her bare abdomen.

"I'm going to move it down now, okay?" she asked, almost rhetorically. Christi slowly moved my hand further down her stomach toward the tangle of dark curls atop her mons.

"Christi, are you sure?" I asked. "This really isn't necessary."

"I'm sure," Christi said. "It won't go farther than my bush, just like last night. If you want me to stop, I will. Just say so."

"Go ahead," I said quietly.

Christi pushed my hand into the hairy triangle below her stomach. I felt the coarse hair between my fingers and could feel the warmth of her body radiating from within.

"See?" Christi said. "Nothing to be afraid of."

I nodded in agreement. Bizarre as this was, it made me feel better about the night before. It was nice to see how relaxed and comfortable Christi was with everything. I wouldn't quite say that I was relaxed, but I was at least getting closer to it.

Meanwhile, the rest of my body began to realize I was sitting next to -- and touching -- a naked and attractive young woman. Instinctively, my dick began to stiffen in my shorts, and no amount of willpower seemed to be able to stop it. In a final effort to forestall a full erection, I pulled my hand away from Christi's crotch and back to my side.

"So, can you let it go now?" Christi asked. She had a reassuring smile on her face.

"Mhmm," I said. "I'll do my best."

"Great," she replied. "How about you ditch the clothes then?"

"How about I get us some more coffee first?" I countered, hoping to buy myself some time for my erection to subside.

"And then you'll take them off?" Christi asked.

"Yup," I said.

"Deal," she replied.

I rose from the couch as Christi handed me her mug. I took my time walking into the kitchen and refilling our mugs. Having dragged out the process as long as I could, I headed back to the living room but was still semi-erect.

"Thanks, Jack," Christi said after I put the mugs on the coffee table. "No more stalling. Lose the clothes."

I stood in front of the couch and began to pull my shirt over my head. While my shirt was halfway over my head, I felt Christi's hands unbutton, unzip, and pull down my shorts. After pulling my shirt the rest of the way over my head, I realized that Christi had pulled down my boxers, too. I was now fully naked, just like Christi.

"I thought you might need some help," Christi said as she smiled from ear to ear.

"Thanks," I replied. "You know how I struggle with removing my own pants."

We both laughed as I reclaimed my spot on the couch next to her.

"Looks like you got a little excited there," Christi said. "Thinking about Allie or something?"

"Maybe," I replied with a wink, happily taking the easy way out of the question.

"So you two had sex last night?" she asked.

"Mhmm," I answered.

"How was it? From what I hear, you were pretty good."

"It was great. She definitely knows how to have a good time. Before you say anything, don't worry. I'm not reading too much into it. Actually, I'm not reading anything into it. It was just a fun night."

"I get it. I'm glad you had a good night. I wish I could say the same about the jackass I brought home from the party. The guy was a pretentious dick."

"How so?" I asked, trying to sound unfamiliar with the previous evening's events.

"You don't need to pretend," Christi said. "Allie told me you guys were watching."

I nearly choked on my coffee.

"She told you that?" I asked incredulously.

"Yup," Christi answered. "Don't worry, Jack. I'm not mad. Allie and I would sometimes watch each other mess around with guys during college. Actually, it was probably more than sometimes if I'm being honest. I always found it exhilarating and got really turned on."

"And Allie was cool with it?" I asked.

"Yeah, she's pretty laid back about basically everything sexual. I doubt that's surprising to you at this point."

"Good point."

"So what'd you think?" Christi asked, taking another sip of her coffee.

"What'd I think of what?" I countered, genuinely confused.

"What'd you think of what you saw?"

"You mean, of you having sex?" It was a strange question that I wasn't really sure how to answer.

"If that's what you'd like to talk about, sure."

"Well," I said, pausing for my own sip of coffee. "It looked like you weren't having a good time. That Eric guy seemed like a dick, especially when he basically insisted you use the word penis. That was pretty weird."

"Yeah," Christi replied. "I don't know what was up with that. I don't remember what I said to him, but I remember being pretty annoyed. I mean, who does that?"

"I don't know. It was definitely a strange thing to say."

"How did you feel when you were watching it, when I was sucking his dick and riding him until he came? Did you find watching another person have sex as thrilling as I do?"

"You want to know the truth?" I asked.

"I do," Christi replied. "I'm curious."

"Yes," I said. "I thought it was hot. It felt wrong to watch because you're my sister, but that's part of what made it more exciting. I got hard when you started giving him a blowjob. I tried to look away after that, but I just couldn't. Is that wrong?"

"Nope," Christi said. "It was the same for me the first time I watched Allie. I tried to mind my own business, but I couldn't help myself. It felt so wrong but also so right."

"Speaking of Allie, she didn't exactly help with taking my mind off of your little performance."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, the whole time you and Eric were going at it, Allie was jerking me off. She said she wanted to see who could last longer, me or him."

Christi laughed.

"That sounds like Allie," she said. "So did you?"

"Did I what?" I countered.

"Did you last longer?"

"Of course I did. You finished him off pretty quickly."

"That was intentional. I just wanted to be done with him at that point. That jerk wouldn't even go down on me. Selfish bastard."

"Why'd you have sex with him then?"

"Why not? On the off chance that he might actually have been decent in bed, I decided to give him a shot. Unfortunately for me, he wasn't great."

"But it sounded like Allie took care of that."

"Oh yes," Christi said with a chuckle. "She sure knows how to please another woman. As you can probably guess, that wasn't the first time she went down on me. It was a little tradition that we had during college. If either of us hooked up with a guy who couldn't make us come, we'd take care of it ourselves after that."

"So you've gone down on Allie?" I asked.

"Yup," Christi answered. "And I assume you have now, too."

"Yeah. I couldn't make her come with that alone, though. I guess I'm out of practice."

"Are you going to sleep with her again?" Christi asked abruptly.

"I don't know," I answered. "Why? Do you not want me to? It probably was just a one-time thing. I'm not getting my hopes up for anything more."

"The weekend's not over. There's still all of today, and tomorrow's the holiday. It could happen. Anyway, if it does happen again, do you want a few insider tips on what she likes?"

"Yes please."

"Okay," Christi said. "It's probably easier if I just show you."

Before I could ask what that meant, Christi was already readjusting. She positioned herself on her back and spread her legs open, fully exposing her sex to me. Dumbfounded, I just stared back at her blankly.

Below the dark curls that covered her mons were two pale, fleshy lips that gave way to a pink interior. Christi had put everything on display. Her insides glistened with moisture.

"It's just a vagina, Jack," Christi said matter-of-factly. "It's nothing new."

"Yeah, but I've never seen yours before, at least not like this," I countered. I could feel myself starting to get hard. "Listen, Christi, I'm starting to get hard. I can't help it. Maybe we should stop this."

"Are you going to stick it inside me?" Christi asked, pointing toward her exposed sex lips.

"What? No, of course not!"

"Then there's nothing to worry about. If you get hard, you get hard. If I get wet, I get wet. It's natural. Just try to relax."

"If you say so," I said.

Christi was more comfortable with this than I was. I did my best to just roll with it.

"Okay," Christi said. "Now look here."

Christi pointed at her vulva and parted her lips further with her hands. She began motioning as she explained Allie's preferences. Her hands moved all over her crotch, demonstrating circular, vertical, and horizontal techniques that supposedly would make Allie come. I kept track of it all in my head as best I could.

"That should do it," Christi said as she wrapped up her lesson. "You'll have her coming in no time."

"Thanks, Christi," I said.

"No problem, little bro," she replied. "I guess I should probably close my legs now. I think you've seen enough of that for one day -- or maybe a lifetime."

We both laughed. Despite all the unusualness of this weekend, I was glad that our frankness and honesty about sex had continued. It was nice to know at least some things had stayed the same.

"How about the three of us go for a drive today?" Christi asked. "Maybe we could drive through the forest and go for a hike somewhere around there. If it gets too hot, we can come back to the lake and go for a swim to cool off."

"Sounds good to me," I replied.

"I'll go upstairs and start getting ready. Can you bring Allie a cup of coffee and wake her up? If you ask nicely, maybe she'll let you try out those suggestions I gave you. She's usually pretty horny in the morning."

"I guess I'll find out," I said as I rose from the couch and poured a cup of coffee in the kitchen.

Coffee in hand, I headed upstairs to my room and found Allie still asleep.

"Good morning," I said gently as I placed a hand on her shoulder and roused her from her slumber.

"Morning," she said groggily. "What time is it?"

"About ten o'clock," I said. "Drink this," I continued, handing her the cup of warm coffee.

"My hero," she replied and kissed me on the lips.

After letting her swallow a few gulps of the hot liquid, I kissed her again. She kissed me back, opening her mouth to mine and offering her tongue which tasted like coffee. We kissed for a bit longer before I pulled away.

"Want me to kiss your other lips while you finish your coffee?" I asked.

"I would love that," Allie replied, spreading her legs and picking up her coffee mug from the nightstand.

I went to work between her legs using the tips Christi had given me. I devoted ample attention to Allie's clit and offered some steady rhythmic motions with my tongue. Before long, Allie clenched her thighs around my head and let out a long, loud groan.

I didn't stop there. I kept at it and worked feverishly on Allie's clit. Allie's hips began to buck as she pulled at the bedsheets with both hands.

"Ohhhh fuck I'm gonna come, Jack," she moaned. "Oh fuck yes, just like that, Jack. Just like that. Don't stop. Don't stop."

After a few additional licks, I sent her over the edge.

"Ahhhh I'm coming," she exclaimed mid-groan. "Oh fuck yes, Jack. Ahhh I'm fucking coming."

Allie's hips bucked wildly as the orgasmic tidal wave rolled over her. When she came down from her climax, I kissed my way back up her body until our mouths met again.

"Well, good morning to you, too," Allie said, kissing me once more. Her electric blue eyes radiated with satisfaction. I felt good.

"Not bad," Christi's voice called from the doorway, causing me to whirl around.

"How long have you been standing there?" I asked.

"Long enough," she answered. "Are you two ready to go?"

"Do we look ready?" Allie asked. "And where are we going?"

Christi and I briefly outlined our plan for the day, and Allie readily agreed.

"Get dressed so we can go," Christi said. "I'll start packing the car."

"Do we have time for one more round?" Allie asked. "I haven't finished my coffee."

"Can you make it quick?" Christi asked.

"That's up to Jack," Allie answered with a smile.

"I'll do my best," I replied. "Want to watch?" I asked, directing the question toward Christi.

"Of course she does, silly," Allie interjected. "Come sit next to me, Christi. Think you can make yourself come faster than Jack makes me come?"

"I don't know," Christi replied. "But I accept the challenge."

Christi flopped down onto the bed and prepared herself.

"Ready when you are," Christi said.

"On my signal," Allie called out as she grabbed her cup of coffee. "Ready, set, go!"

In that moment, I felt free -- free of the stress and the worries that I had come to the lake with. I felt like I could let loose, have some fun, and leave my stress in the past. For now, I only had two goals -- to bring Allie to orgasm and to make the most of the rest of my weekend at the lake. Ready for whatever lay ahead, I dove in.

