Softball Exposure

In order to get this board going again I will tell of a story that happened to me last spring, and still makes me cringe to this day. I like to consider myself a pretty cute girl and though I haven’t had a lot of boyfriends in the past, guys still give me attention. I’m about 5’5 with an average size waist. I have blond hair (actually more gold) and medium color skin though at this time I was pretty tan because of tanning before prom, along with softball. 

Anyway, this actually happened to me during a softball game. Anyone who’s ever played high school baseball or softball knows that the schedule becomes an unorganized mess about halfway through the year due to the rain. It basically ends up being where you play if the weather is nice regardless of whether or not you had a game scheduled. So one day at school our team was informed during last period that we had been scheduled a game. Our coach always wanted us on the field as soon as possible after school, which left us no time to go home or do anything else. 

So, on this particular day I went to my locker after to school to grab my softball stuff and realized that I had forgotten my jersey. It was like a 90% chance of rain that day so I figured we would be practicing inside. Unfortunately I was wrong and now I was in trouble. I hurried to find my coach and when I finally found him I asked him if I could drive home really quick to grab my jersey. He thought for a bit, but eventually decided that he wanted us on the field taking infield and outfield before the game since it had been so long since we’d been outside. He told me he had extra jerseys in the locker room and he went and grabbed me one, along with shorts. I then proceeded to the locker room in order to change into my uniform. As soon as I began to change I remembered that I would need sliding shorts as well. Again, I began to worry because I knew the school didn’t provide us with sliding shorts. I decided I might as well try and ask the girls if anyone had an extra clean pair I could borrow. It was a long shot, but luckily a couple of girls did and one of them willingly let me borrow her pair provided I wash them before I give them back. So I stripped off my jeans and panties and put on the sliding shorts. I was thinner than the girl so the sliding shorts were a little big but would have to suffice if I wanted to play. I finished dressing and headed out to the field. 

The game progressed like any other game and by the 5th inning I completely forgot about my uniform. BIG mistake. After I hit a single, I reached second on a walk. Our coach gave me and the girl on first the signal for a double steal since we were the two fastest on the team. So when the pitch was thrown I made my break for third running as fast as I could. With all my momentum going forward I slid headfirst into third right as the ball arrived. There was a large gasp from the crowd and dirt was flying everywhere. My helmet had flown off and due to all the immediate adrenaline I was a bit disoriented. The umpire called me safe so I got up to dust myself off. I looked at my coach for approval but he wasn’t smiling. In fact he was looking at me very weird and I didn’t understand why. I reached down to brush my shorts and to my horror felt bare skin where the material should be. I quickly looked down to discover BOTH my shorts and sliding shorts around my ankles and my shaved clean coochie on full display for the entire crowd!! I quickly shot both hands down to cover my pussy as everyone looked on. The bleachers were filled with dads, brothers, and even a couple of guys from my classes! I nervously looked around and met my coaches and the umpire’s eyes as they looked on in amusement. They must have received a good 5 second up close shot of my most intimate region! Meanwhile the second base umpire continued to get an extended bare butt shot as I was focused on covering my front. When I finally came to my senses I removed one hand from cover and bent over to pull my shorts up. However they weren’t coming up. Without thinking I removed my other hand from cover thus exposing my hairless kitty to everyone all over again!! As I struggled with my shorts I began to hear some wolf whistles and laughter from my teammates and the crowd. I briefly glanced up and to my horror saw a couple camera flashes going off! 

“Mark! What are you doing! Don’t take pictures of her like that!!” I heard one wife yell at her husband. 

Meanwhile I continued to struggle with my shorts and couldn’t figure out why I couldn’t get them up. I turned my neck around to see that the third basemen from the other team had her cleat firmly planted on the waistband. That bitch!! I yelled at her and told her to get off but she just looked at me and smiled. I looked to my coach and the umpire for help but they just stood there staring lustfully at my pussy. Seeing the look in their eyes reminded me that I was still exposed so I quit fighting with the girl for my shorts and returned my hands to cover up. I again mistakenly began to look around at all the people. The guys from my class all had their camera phones out by now and were snapping away along with a couple of the dads and brothers. I even saw a couple video cameras capturing my nudity on tape!! Then the worst moment of all came as my eyes met those of my parents and brother. My mother is very religious and I knew this meant she would asking me why I shaved myself clean as well as why there were no tanlines anywhere near my privates. My brother just sat there with a grin on his face. 

Apparently the third basemen had had enough of me covering because she whispered in my ear “what the hell are you covering for ya little skank, everyone wants to see your little twat” and with that she jabbed both her fingers hard into my back causing me to jump and move my hands back. When I did this she grabbed both of them handcuffing me allowing all the photographers to get some more priceless shots of my buck naked vagina. Thankfully, the umpire took his eyes off my snatch for two seconds to realize what that third base bitch was doing to me. He rushed forward and pushed her off of me while yelling at her. He ejected her from the game but that didn’t take away what she did to me. I quickly pulled my shorts up as fast as I could as everyone took in one last view. 

Once the third out was made I asked the coach to take me out of the game because I couldn’t take facing that crowd again. My teammates weren’t really saying anything at this point because they could see how humiliated I was. When the game was over I stayed in the dugout a little longer to keep whatever modesty I had left. When I finally left I ran straight to my car and drove straight home, not talking to anyone. Sure enough my mom gave me a talk almost immediately about sex, and tanning naked, and so on and so forth. Did she not realize what I had just been through? 

Needless to say, my shaved pussy was the talk of the school the next day. It seemed as if half the school had already seen photos, though the ones I saw really didn’t show any detail, you could just tell there was a half naked girl standing at third base. Afterwards, it was really awkward around my coach knowing the intimate views he received. My teammate joked about it the next day which actually made me feel a little better. I remember one of them saying “hey Nat, everyone always says you’re the hottest softball player in GHS history, so you might as well have given them all a nudie photoshoot to enjoy!” Another thing that makes me feel a little better about the situation was one day when I was over at one of my teammates house she said her brother had something to show me. Her brother is like the hottest guy ever but he was 22 and I figured I didn’t have a shot with him. Anyway, he called me to his room and I walked in he flipped on the tv and there was the WHOLE incident captured on tape. When the third basemen handcuffed me the person videotaping even zoomed in and got a close up look at my naked vagina! I was horrified to see this at first and just ran out of the room, but later my friend told me her brother had been talking about me every day since this happened. Eventually he asked me out and we’re still dating today, all because of my humiliating experience. So, I guess it wasn’t all bad in the end huh? 
Saturday, January 24th 2009 - 05:56:06 PM