Millie's Story
by Gmwash

For you, Millie!

How can we escape the record high summer temperatures when our AC goes out? Since it's been broken we've done everything we can to avoid being in the house; we've been to the movies, been out to eat for nearly every meal, hung out at our friend's houses and took the world's longest trip to the grocery market. It's been utterly miserable and adding to that stress, it's far too hot for any contact sexually for days now. The celibacy is wearing on me and I'm sure you know it but with heat like this, there's not a thing we could do about it.

Today though, the misery ends as the repairman is due to arrive in the evening. Until then we have one last respite we haven't visited yet, the mall. You are very aware of my hatred of shopping but I'm a bit desperate and it beats melting at home alone I suppose. So with reluctance, I come. Inside, it's bustling with people who had the same idea as us. The food court, stores and sitting areas are packed with more people than I've seen in a mall in my entire life. As soon as we hit the main rotunda you begin walking with purpose. You hurry past all your favorite stores to my surprise.

"Where are we going? I thought we'd just be window shopping?" I say.

You turn to me with an expressionless look, clearly acknowledging that you heard me but quickly return to your determined stride. Finally you stop, and a shocked expression shoots across my face; you've led me to the entrance of a boutique lingerie store. I'm not upset or displeased, just shocked. You never wear lingerie and most of your panties and bras are fairly vanilla.

You enter the store and I stand outside looking around, excited to see what you may be purchasing, but cautious enough to know you probably won't. After only a moment you return and grab my hand, pulling me from my trance and leading me inside.

"Millie, what do you plan to buy here?" I ask with poorly concealed eagerness and excitement.

You turn again to look at me, but this time a small smirk breaks from the corner of your mouth.

"May I help you?" A saleswoman breaks the tension.

"No," you bark while turning your head to her and spit out as fast as possible, "I know exactly what I'm here for."

Once she leaves your march continues to a specific table and it dawns on me; you knew exactly where the item you wanted was, you've been here before. You bend down at the waist reaching to the back of the stack of lingerie and caught up in the heat of it all I find myself tracing the curves of your butt with my eyes, without a care in the world of all the other shoppers. Almost instantly my arousal becomes physical.

You quickly role up the piece so I can't see it, only noting it's dark black color. Grabbing my hand again and interlocking our fingers you smile and bring me to the very back of the store where the wall is lined with dressing rooms facing the showroom, then through the large glass windows, the main corridor of the mall.

Parting the curtain of a booth, you step inside. Meanwhile my excitement has built so much that I mindlessly take a step in behind you. With only one foot inside you lay three fingers across my chest and playfully push me back out. As we maintain eye contact, myself eager for sexual release, you close the curtain leaving only your ankles visible.

I watch your feet for a few moments, you're entirely still. I realize what has happened, you wanted to be adventurous but here at the finish line you can't commit and that's okay. All of this was out of character for you and leaving your comfort zone for my benefit was more than I could ask for. Then your denim shorts fall to the ground, pooling over your sandals. You're really doing it.

I watch your feet gently pry the shorts away then see your hands come down to remove the sandals completely. I wait patiently for your panties to hit the floor too or for you to insert your legs into the lingerie but that never comes. The curtain whisks all the way open and there you are facing me head on smiling from ear to ear.

My eyes lock onto your chest immediately and I feel myself begin to swell. You stand in front of me totally still, laser focused on my eyes while my own eyes explore your body. Two black straps over your shoulders support a chemise. A dense lace pattern hides you're breasts from me but it does little to stop my imagination. Below, a looser lace adorns your ribcage and continues down across your stomach. Flanking either side of the the lace is an enticing sheer material, it takes all my will power not to run my hands over either side of your waist - feeling the sheer material and pulling you close. Lastly and separate from the chemise, you wear a pair of frilly laced black panties with a small bow in front.

I'm amazed and stunned by your sudden interest in lingerie when my head instinctively turns around towards the door and I see the room full of shoppers and corridor full of mall patrons. Although nobody is staring it feels as if they all are.

"Millie! What are you doing? They're all going to see you like this" I whisper as loudly as I can muster while shifting my legs and feet in an attempt to hide my growing erection which was now noticeably bulging from my jeans.

The same three fingers you used to push me out of the room earlier hooked the neckline of my shirt and pull me in. By the time I realized what was happening the curtain was shut and you and I were face to face in the small room, your head nearly pressed to my chest.

"Millie," I break the silence again, but again it's met with a blank stare as you crane your neck to look up at me in such a tight space.

You're still yet again, not having said a word to me since we entered the mall - but I understand exactly what you wanted, exactly what you needed. It felt like an eternity with us staring at each other. We both know the next move was mine to make and I was already sure I was going to take it but I wouldn't let you know, I want to drag out this silent sexual tension as long as I could.

I broke, the anticipation reached its boiling point and I needed to act. My hands raised to either side of your hips and grabbed you firmly. Finally closing the small gap between us, our lips met and for a second just rested against each other. My lips spread a bit more to encompass your mouth, my hands tightened on the sheer fabric and I walked you back slowly until your back was against the wall.

Sliding my hands up the sides of your body I stopped only for a moment, tempted as I grazed your breasts. I continued though, taking your arms and raising them both above your head, leaving your body entirely vulnerable to me. With that, I brought my waist in close so you can feel my manhood pressed against you.

Our kissing grew more and more passionate until I dropped your arms back to your sides. Instantly my hands move to your clavicle, rubbing your upper chest a bit before hooking onto each of the straps and sliding them off your shoulders. You eagerly move your arms through the holes but the from fitting shape allowed the lingerie to hug your body.

A small bench in the corner provided me a place to sit as I pull you onto my lap facing me. Our kissing resumes furiously as I feel your nails dig into my biceps. I reach up and massage both breasts and a small moan escapes your mouth into mine, but that only makes my groping more forceful. Before long I rolled down your loosened chemise letting your breasts and stiffened nipples fall free with a slight bounce.

My kisses leave your mouth and move to your neck, you love it of course but I had tunnel vision. I was on a hunt and two new targets had just become available. I leave a steady trail of kisses until the firm muscle of your upper chest gives way to the softness of your breasts. My tongue reaches out to make the first contact, slowly circling an erect nipple. I hear you clench your jaw and stifle another moan, this time louder. My mouth opens wide like a lion and engulfs the nipple and half the breast itself. Lightly biting down, I let my teeth gently rake along your skin before beginning a steady suck over your nipple. Before too long I move onto the other showing it an equal amount of tender care.

My hands wander to your panty-clad ass and squeez tightly while I continue sucking. Subconsciously my hips had begin a rhythmic thrust making you throw your head back, causing your hair to hang free. The pleasant scent of your wet sex began to reach my nose, driving me to suckle even harder and increase the speed of my thrusting.

Suddenly, I take a handful of your hair and force your head back even further. Another audible moan escapes, growing dangerously loud. I release your sore nipple from my mouth and peel you off me. With a hand on the back of your neck, I push you to bend over deeply, your hands instinctively shoot up to brace yourself against the wall. With your hands occupied, I slide your panties down and throw them in the pile of our clothes leaving only your lingerie on, covering only your stomach with your breasts dangling from your body. Bent over, your ass and pussy come into view at eye level before I rise back up. Listening, you hear the distinct sound of my belt coming undone and hitting the floor as I kicked them into our growing mountain of discarded clothes.

My left hand reaches out and grabs the back of your neck again as my right hand carreses the small of your back, making its way to your butt. With another tight squeeze my manhood comes into contact with your cheeks, instinctively I rub it up and down as if to mark my territory. My right hand continued down further between your legs until it reached your glistening sex.

Warm and wet my fingers easily slide inside you to find your clit. Your hips gyrate a bit and you began to moan louder yet. I continue rubbing and swirling the small nub around my finger, only removing my hand twice; once to taste you and a second time to make you taste yourself.

With your moaning becoming consistent, I slide my fingers back out, letting them briefly penetrate deeper. My hands return to where they started on your waist, grabbing the sheer cloth of the lingerie and forcing your back further into an arch. You know what is coming next and you want it badly. I can feel the want in your trembling body, smell the want in your wetness and hear the want in your moaning as it becomes less and less controlled.

My cock presses to your pussy before parting your lips slowly. You can feel every inch push deeper at a snails pace until it is fully inside you, putting incredible pressure inside you with its girth. Once their, my pace quickens finding a cadence. We're in our own world in the small room, the noise of your soaking pussy is hidden by your own loud moaning and my bated breath, the sounds of the busy mall just inches away are completely drowned out.

"Ma'am? Sir?" The saleswomans voice is heard over our noise with a mix of concern and embarrassment.

We both turn to the curtain but our rhythm doesn't stop. So close, we couldn't possibly stop now. We see our combined pile of clothes had spilled out underneath the curtain, probably meaning our feet and position are known too to anybody taking notice. My pace speeds up again and your moans grow to near screams as I repeatedly hit your G-spot with the head of my cock. You feel my cock twitching inside you preparing to cum any second. The curtain suddenly flys open revealing the saleswoman and a small crowd gathered in the store. We look up to lock eyes with them but it's happening now, there's nothing either of us can do to stop it and at this point we don't care.

You scream in pure pleasure without holding back, staring a stranger in the eyes. A loud breath I had been holding escapes me with equal force and I bury my cock deep inside you. My cum hits you hard and fast, hot and sticky. Multiple long shots of cum, built up over a celibate week fill you from the inside out, leaving your pussy instantly dripping in front of the crowd as I spin you around and pull you against my body in a vain attempt to preserve your modesty.
