Xena approached the inn with much trepidation. As she entered the common room, she shook her head at the memory of the tumultuous scene she had caused only a short time ago. Although a few patrons cast her a sideways glance, everyone seemed to act as if nothing was amiss and went about their business of heartily dining on the mid-day meal. Xena searched the noisy room for Gabrielle or any of the warrior women but none of them were in sight.

She took the stairs two at a time as she anxiously reached the door to their quarters. She opened the door to an empty room and noted with distress that Gabrielle's staff and saddlebag were missing. A lone piece of rolled up parchment sat in the middle of the bed signalling foreboding danger to the transfixed warrior. Her heart stopped as she dreaded reading the contents inside. She was sure she knew the message. Gabrielle had left her. Xena sat on the edge of the bed and cried, the past few weeks of frustration and torment wracked her body with heaving sobs. Finally, when there were no more tears to shed, she reached for the parchment piece.

Xena unfurled the scroll. It was one of the bard's poems. She heaved a sigh of relief. She absently scanned the title, "Down to the Darkness", not paying close attention to the words because she was expecting to read a farewell letter. Is this it? she wondered to herself, exasperated that Gabrielle had not left a real note as to her whereabouts. Xena decided to go downstairs to find out where the young woman had disappeared.

Xena found herself back in the room she shared with Gabrielle. She had spent the entire evening searching all over Athens for the bard but to no avail. No one seem to know the three warrior women and in a busy city like Athens, no one paid much attention to where they came from or where they went. She'd extracted as much information out of the barkeep short of crushing his vocal chords but he knew almost nothing. The only message Gabrielle gave him was that she would be back in a short while. Xena had waited until nightfall and then began her search for the woman that meant so much to her.

She discovered that the warrior women had not taken a room above the tavern even though they faithfully visited the common room every single night that Gabrielle performed. Xena chastised herself yet again for ignoring her beloved bard, feeling guilty that perhaps her behaviour in recent weeks had practically thrown Gabrielle into the arms of another woman.

Xena lay back on the bed in resigned hopelessness. What if Gabrielle didn't want to be found? she pondered. What if she had finally pushed the younger woman to her limits? What if Gabrielle thought she was having a torrid affair with her former lover, Isiphae, and that suspicion had given Gabrielle the impetus to leave her. She turned over restlessly at that tortured thought. She made a promise to herself that she would find Gabrielle no matter what and plead with her to stay.

Unable to sleep, Xena reached for the rolled up parchment and read Gabrielle's poem for the first time. She read it again not quite sure that she believed what she was reading. This was the poem Gabrielle had read to her the night before and Xena had not been listening so distracted was she by her jealousy of Leica. Her heart swelled with new-found love as she realised for the first time that Gabrielle understood her longings and wanted to be a part of them. She chided herself for vastly understating the bard's youthful wisdom. Of course, Isi had been right. Gabrielle was attracted to her dangerous side and extremely devoted to her. For a warrior that could be so smart in battle, Xena wondered how could she be so stupid in love.

Suddenly, she remembered the odd admonishment the second warrior had given Leica when Xena had her pasted against the wall. The woman had yelled "we told you not to do this, she'll kill you!" The warrior contemplated what the words meant, then concluded that Xena had been the bait and Gabrielle had fallen into Leica's trap. Xena breathed in a deep sigh of relief. Now she knew what she must do. At first light, she would track down Leica and her warrior friends to the ends of the Known World and reclaim her beloved bard.