Ruby Learns a New Way to Cam, Part 2:The Pretend Real Blowjob by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2017

Story codes: MFg12, oral

Summary: When twelve-year-old Ruby gets caught masturbating on her webcam, her mom and her mom's boyfriend show her a better way to cam. Ruby continues her 'real life camming' by showing her mom and her mom's boyfriend how she gives pretend blowjobs when she cams. Mom, of course, joins in. This is part two of a series that should probably be at least one or two more parts. I recommend that you start with part 1 of this series, if you haven't read it yet: Ruby Learns a New Way to Cam.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

================



"Sometimes, the guys I cam with like it when I pretend to give them a blowjob."

"Really? How do you do that?" Jessica asked her daughter.

"I mean, the guys I used to cam with," Ruby clarified. 

"Right. So how do you do it? What do you do?"

"Um... Aaahhh... Just a sec..." The twelve year old girl rubbed her humming magic egg around in circles over her clit, while her mom and her mom's boyfriend sat on the couch with her and watched, mesmerized again by the sheer joy of a young girl giving herself pleasure. 

"Oh!" she exclaimed, then lifted the vibrator away from her clit. She push the little button on the blunt end of the egg twice, and it started humming louder. "This thing is sooo awesome!" she said. She pushed it in between her pussy lips and held it there with her index finger.

"I know, right?" her mother said, smiling. "I knew you'd love it!"

"They usually... ahhh... They usually want me to use a brush, you know, like the... uhhh... the handle of a hairbrush."

"Oh, and you suck on it, and pretend it's their cock?"

"Yeah... ohhh... they like it when I do that."

"What do you think, Seth?" her mother asked her boyfriend. "Do you want Ruby to pretend to give you a blowjob?"

"Uh..." he answered, unable to say anything more as he stared at the girl's bare little furry kitten with the vibrator set on full and lodged inside her pussy lips. The perfume of her dripping sex alone was enough to render him speechless, and the little excited trills she made while she spoke nearly sent him over the edge. 

"I think that's his way of saying 'yes!'" Jessica said with a big smile. 

Ruby giggled and took her finger away from the vibrator. A moment later it fell out of her pussy and she caught it in her hand. She pushed the button again to turn it off, then jumped up. "I'll get a brush!" she said excitedly.

"This should be fun!" Jessica said to Seth after her daughter had scampered off in the direction of the bathroom. 

"Yeah, no kidding," he answered. 

"Can you imagine those old guys on the web, asking her to give them blowjobs?"

"Yeah, crazy."

"God, I bet they get so turned on, watching her suck on a brush handle."

Seth nodded, picturing in his mind a bunch of old men watching little Ruby while she sucked, and pretending it was their cock in her mouth. 

"I bet you'll get turned on, too, huh?" his girlfriend asked him.

"You think?"

"Don't worry, I'll be here to lend a helping hand," she grinned. 

Little bottomless Ruby skipped back into the room, a hair brush in her hand. She plopped back down on the couch and turned to face the grown-ups, spreading her legs open again so that they could admire her curl-covered dark pink slit. She held the brush handle-up to her mouth, gave her mom and Seth a little smile, and lowered her head down to the brush. She licked the very end, the tip; her sweet pink tongue flicked over the pretend cockhead. She looked up at Seth and opened her eyes wide. 

"They like it when I look at the camera while I do it," she said. 

Jessica nodded in understanding. Seth just groaned, at an utter loss for words. 

After licking the tip of the brush handle a bit, she slid her lips over it, taking the pretend head into her mouth. She lifted her head, pulling back from the handle, then went back down. 

"Oh god," Seth moaned. He started rubbing the crotch of his pants. 

"Somebody's getting turned on!" Ruby's mother said. 

Ruby giggled. "Guys do like it when I do this!"

"Guys love blowjobs!" Jessica said.

"I know!"

"Hey, I got a fun idea," Jessica said. "How about I give Seth a real blowjob, while you give him a pretend one? I'll do exactly what you do, so it's like a 'virtual blowjob!'"

Ruby's eyes sparkled as she nodded in agreement, unable to talk because she had the brush handle in her mouth again.

Her mom reached over and unfastened Seth's pants, then pulled them down. His cock was already a massive third limb, sticking up straight from his body. Jessica looked up at her daughter, who'd taken the brush handle out of her mouth. Smiling at her mother, the girl ventured her little tongue out and licked the very tip of the handle, and Jessica did the same, licking the tip of Seth's cockhead. The poor guy just groaned. 

"The first couple times, this one guy, Roger, he would tell me what to do. He liked it when I kissed it and licked it." She kissed the tip of the brush handle, then licked it, from the base of the handle to the tip. 

Ruby's eyes sparkled as she watched her mom do the same thing to Seth's cock. "He said I was better at it than his wife," she said with a little giggle. 

"Really?" Jessica said. "He's married?"

"Yeah, lots of them are." She kissed the tip of the brush again and her mom did the same. 

"He really wanted to send me a real dildo, like, you know, a real penis one, so that I could suck that and pretend it was his cock."

"Wow! Did you..."

"No, I told him I didn't want to give him my address, you know? He was always talking about how he wanted to hook up with me in real life and have sex with me. So..."

"It's a good thing you didn't give him your address then."

"Yeah. I think his wife found out what he was doing, 'cause he didn't come back after the first couple times, even though I think he really liked me." She opened her mouth and put her lips around the tip of the brush handle and pulled them off. Seth moaned when his girlfriend did the same to his cock. 

"Well, that's good," Jessica said. "It sounds like his behavior was very inappropriate."

"I guess," the girl replied, taking the tip in her mouth again and pulling off. "A lot of the guys are like that, though. They all want to hook up in real life, even if they're married."

"See?" Seth said, his voice cracking as his girlfriend pulled off his head again. "That's what I was talking about."

"Yeah," Jessica said, licking his head again as Ruby did the same to the brush handle. "It's definitely safer this way."

Ruby nodded, then picked up her little vibrator and pushed its button. It started humming. She sighed as she set it against her clit. 

"Roger always told me to take it as deep as I could. Like, try to swallow it." She push the brush as deep into her mouth as she could, gagging a little. "I can't really do it as deep as he wanted, but he liked it when I tried." She smiled a little. "I think he liked it when I gagged."

Her mom smiled, too. "He liked it when you gagged on his cock?"

"I guess. He told me I should practice it all the time so that I can take it all the way in my throat."

"Yeah? And do you practice?"

"Uh huh." 

"You'll get it. It just takes practice," her mom said. And to demonstrate her point, she went down on Seth's cock, all the way until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. Seth squirmed in ecstacy.

"Wow!" her daughter said with admiration, her voice breathy from the egg she was holding against her clit. 

Her mom smiled at her after she'd pulled back off of her boyfriend's stiff member. "Keep practicing and you'll get the hang of it soon enough, sweetie!" 

"He also likes me to use my hand, too, like, slide it up and down on the handle..." She took the end of her brush in her mouth and held it with her teeth, then stroked the handle with her hand. Her mom did the same thing to Seth's cock, gently biting his head as she stroked him. He groaned again. 

"But to do what he really wants, I need both hands, 'cause he wants me to bob up and down on it when I stroke it, and that means I need to hold it with the other hand."

"Right," her mom said. 

"But then I can't hold the egg. And I really love the egg!" The young girl's eyes glassed over with pleasure. 

"Maybe Seth can hold the egg? Then you can use both hands on the brush."

"Yeah!" Ruby agreed with breathless enthusiasm. 

Seth, still unable to form coherent words, reached out. She handed him the egg, and he set the tip of it against her clit. 

"Ohhhh!" the little girl moaned. He started rubbing the egg up and down on her little girlnub, and she held the brush in one hand and started bobbing her mouth over the tip, wrapping her other hand around the handle in a little fist and pumping up and down. Her mom did the same thing to Seth's cock, holding his balls in one hand, bobbing on his head, and stroking his shaft.

Ruby watched her mom, wide-eyed with intent, while the two of them together sucked their respective cocks. Finally she took the brush handle out of her mouth. She was panting now. 

"Usually..." she said, her voice cracking and her whole body quivering, "I guess he's... Oooooh... I guess he's finished by now."

Seth groaned in wonderful agony when Jessica pulled off his cock, too. "Oh?" she said to her daughter. 

"Yeah," Ruby said. 

"I think Seth would really like us to finish him off right now, huh, Seth?" Jessica said.

"Ah! Yeah! Please!" was the poor man's response. 

"Whaddya ya think, Ruby?" her mother grinned at the young girl.

"I don't know..." Ruby grinned, too. "What do you think?" She gave the tip of the brush handle a quick suck, but pulled off. 

"Oh come on!" Seth groaned when his girlfriend gave him a quick suck and pulled right off.

"It's up to you, sweetheart," Ruby's mom said. "You're in charge of this blowjob."

Ruby tried to be a tease. She licked the tip of the handle but didn't take it in her mouth. At the sound of Seth's agony in response to her mom doing the same to him, the girl's legs started to shake, her whole body beginning to succumb to the joyful feeling of the vibrating egg still humming away in Seth's fingers as he rubbed it against her clit.

"Oh Mommy," she said in a soft moan, barely able to take another second of the egg against her clit before she convulsed in climax, "I think you should make him cum." Her voice wavered and cracked. "Make him cum when I cum!" With this, she stuck the brush back in her mouth and started pushing it in and out, deep enough that she gagged a few times, while her entire body quaked and quivered. 

Sensing that the girl was on the verge of orgasm, and definitely wanting to do her part to help the two of them to cum together, Jessica went right to work on her boyfriend's cock. She took it deep, just like her daughter was, and at the same time stroked his shaft as best she could with his cock buried in her mouth, and fondled his ballsack. A moment later, he was rocking his hips in motion with her mouth, and he had his head back and his eyes closed tight. He was pressing the vibrating egg hard against his girlfriend's daughter's clit, and the twelve-year-old girl was shaking and moaning herself. Just as the little one let out and adorable squeal, Seth made one final loud groan, lifted his hips, and exploded into Jessica's waiting mouth. The woman gulped down each and every shot he gave her. 

Jessica sat back with a broad smile as she watched the two people she loved the most in the world, panting red-faced in their post-orgasmic bliss. Although at some point during their mutual climax, Seth had dropped the vibrator onto the couch between Ruby's wide-spread legs, he still had his hand set gently on her dripping pussy, lightly petting the wet fur that covered her kitten-lips. 

"Well, that was awfully hot," Jessica said. Ruby smiled sweetly at her and said something that might have been "yes," although it was was so quiet and breathy that it was hard to tell. She didn't seem inclined to get up and get dressed; Jessica could tell that the girl quite liked the gentle little post-climax pets that the older man was giving her. Seth, for his part, didn't look like he had even heard what Jessica said. He looked like he was on another planet. In a completely different dimension. 

"I'm gonna go make dinner," she said. "You two get dressed at some point, okay?"

A little while later, Seth finally took his hand away from the girl's pussy. She reached down and turned off the forgotten vibrating egg and picked up the brush. She licked the handle, bottom to top, one last time. 

"God, you're sexy," he said softly to her. 

"Thanks." She had a big happy smile on her face.




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
