Kei’s Story

Part One

This story is about a young oriental girl from a small country in southeast Asia.  Her name is Kei, and she is 24 years old.  I have known Kei for 2 years.
First, I will tell you about Kei.  Kei is a very shy and modest girl, probably the most modest I know.  In the 2 years I have known her, she has never worn anything that would reveal more than her hands and face.  She is also devestatingly beautful.  She is small, around 5”4, slight build, and has beautiful dark brown skin, similar to a white girl who has gotten a verrrry deep tan.
Since Kei is so pretty, I have always thought that it was unfair that her beauty was always hidden beneath so much cloth!  I decided one day that it was time for her to experience some new things (new to her, anyway).  I had a plan for her.
A friend of mine (Rick) is a medical student at a local university, so this gave me an idea.  One day, Kei was feeling ill, and I insisted that she make an apointment at the doctors.  Now, since kei had only spent a short time in USA (having just moved here from Asia), she had no idea what hospitals were like.  She reluctantly made the apointment for the next day.  Of course, she felt better by then, but I told her to go anyway.
The next day, I drove Kei to the hospital where we met my student friend Rick.  Rick and I were both very attracted to oriental women, and Kei was no exception.  I sat in the waiting room, and Geroge motioned for Kei to follow him.  He took her into a small room, told her to put on a hospital gown, and left.  A few minutes later he came for her, and brought her back to the waiting room. Boy, was I surprised when she sat down next to me.  The gown he had given her was very short - it came down only to mid-thigh, and pulled up even higher when she sat down.  It was the first view I, and probably any guy, had ever had of her legs.  God, where they beautiful.  Her dark legs were firm and well-toned - her skin clung tightly to the muscles of her thighs and calves.  The two guys sitting across the room were staring rather obiously at this sight, enjoying the view.  Kei was obviously very embarrassed by this, since she never before been this exposed to a stranger.  If only she knew what would happen in a few minutes!!
Rick finally came back and took her to a room down the hall. This room had 3 beds in it, two of which were occupied by male patients. He motioned for Kei to sit down on the other.  This she did, but glanced nervously at the other two men.  After she sat down, Rick reached around to back of her neck, and to her horror, untied the gown and let it slide down until it was resting on her lap.  This had the direct result of making her shapely chest visible to 3 men she had never even met.  Her face registed her embarrasment as her smooth dark breasts were exposed. Rick then proceeded to hold his stethescope to her chest, listening to her heartbeat. After a few moments of this, he put it down and started to push on her stomach.  After a few more routine examination kinds of things, he moved one had to her left breast and squeezed it between his thumb and forefinger, causing her to gasp.  He squeezed harder, then moved to the other breast and repeated the proceedure.  He ran his finger in little circles around her nipples, making them erect.  All the while, Kei lowered her eyes and did not look at the other men in the room.
If Kei thought that she could never feel more open and exposed than this, she was wrong.  Rick told her to lie down on the bed, and he removed her gown from her lap leaving her completely naked. He told her to spread her legs, which she refused to do.  After he told her she had to do it, she very slowly opened her legs. Joe lubricated his fingers with some Vasiline, and with one had spread her flesh while inserting his first two fingers into her. She gasped as he worked his fingers in and out, massaging her clit in the process.  When his fingers first entered her, she gasped and clutched the side of the bed, her face contorted with embarrasement, humiliation, and hornyness. Rick gave her a few seconds to get herself under control. Then, he continued his stimulation. After a while the physical sensations began to have an effect on her; her clit and nipples got erect, and she began to breath in slower, deep breaths.  She was trying very hard to ignore the sensations Rick was producing. A few more minutes of this and she could no longer control herself.  She began to moan lightly, and her pelvis rose rhythmically off the bed.  As Rick stroked her clit, her orgasm overtook her; she opened her eyes wide, looked directly into Rick’s eyes, and made little sounds betraying the extacy she was trying to hide.  After her orgasm had subsided, she saw that the other guys in the room were watching her lustily.  Rick, however, acted as if what had just happened was a normal procedure. He told her he would have to do some tests on her. He took a clit vibrator from a tray beside him, and strapped it to her.  He told her to stand up and put her gown on. When she had done this, (much releaved to hide her body from prying eyes), he reached between her legs with one had and turned on the vibrator, causing her to gasp and cry out. He told her to follow him, and he left the room and walked down the hall.  She had trouble walking, but, consiously placing one foot in front of the other, slowly followed.  When he had come to the waiting room, he told her to sit down and wait until he came back for her.
As she sat down across from three male patients, her gown again pulled up her legs, revealing the inside of her thighs, but not the vibrator.  She sat down quietly, and placed her hands on her knees.  She was determined not to show what she was feeling.  After a minute to let her calm down, I started to talk to her.  I asked her if she wanted to go out for dinner tonight, but she found it difficult to respond.  Her words came haltingly, with pauses for breath every few seconds.  As the conversation progressed, the vibrator began to have the desired effect.  She resorted to nodding her head for yes and no questions.  As it became obvious that she was close to orgasm, I asked her a question requiring a long reply.  She was cuming while talking, trying so hard to concentrate on the her speech.
After a few minutes, Rick came back and took her to another room.  In this room was an examination table equipped with stirrups, which she eyed fearfully.  He told her to lie down on the bed and removed her gown and vibrator.  He told her to slide toward the end of the table, and put her legs in the sturrups.  He left, and a few short minutes came back with 3 other medical students and a dick shaped piece of ice 8 inches long and 1.5 inches thick.  As she lay there, one of the other students began to ask her about herself and her country.  At the same time, Rick gently spread her dark flesh with one hand.  She tried to concentrate on what she was saying.  Rick waited until she started a long sentence, and then, slowly inserted the tip of the ice dildo.  She stopped in mid-sentence, gasping and inhaling sharply as the cold ice penetrated her. He continued to slide the ice inside her, watching as her silky smooth flesh parted to accept it.  After it was inside her, he quickly fastened a cloth under her crotch so that it kept the ice in place.  He took her legs from the stirrups, and put her gown back on.  He then told her to follow him, and he walked out of the room.  She could barely walk, and had to concentrate on each and every step, going very slowly.  He turned to go up a set of stairs, motioning for her to go first.  She did, slowly.  After walking around for 2 or 3 minutes, he took her back to the examining room, removed her gown, and removed what was left of the ice.


Kei’s Story, part Two

After Rick removed the ice from Kei, he took her back to the same waiting room to sit (and warm up her insides!).  I followed Rick into another room, leaving Kei there for now.  There Rick asked me if he could try a few more things.  Heck, I along with the other guys in her hospital room, were about to cum in our pants, so I told him feel free.
After our little chat, I went back to sit by Kei.  I should tell you that even if you don’t think that her sitting there in her gown was very sexy, it was.  Sure, you can see more flesh at a beach.  But part of this was the psychological aspects - here was Kei, who had never even had a guy see her legs before, sitting in a very short gown next to two other guys.  They both know she has nothing on underneath, and she knows they know.  She knows they stare at her thighs, her beautiful brown flesh, and long to take her, right there.
Well, Rick told me of a way to make Kei even more aware of her body.  He said stirrups were nice, but there was nothing like the touch of a human hand to make her feel her femininity.
He told her to follow him back into the room, and had her lie on the middle bed, between two men in the other beds.  Then, he pulled the curtain between her and one of the men, but not the other. Then, two young interns came into the room.  After disrobing her again, one intern moved to each side of the bed.  Each one grabbed one of her ankles with one hand, and slid them towards her body so that her knees were bent at a 90 degree angle. Then, they put their other hands on her knees and pulled outwards, spreading her legs and putting her in much the same position as the stirrups, but this time, she could feel them touching her legs! Now, as this was happening, it about drove the one guy out of his mind. He KNEW that right next to him, a georgious oriental girl lied naked and exposed. He couldn’t see her, though, because of the curtain! Damn!  But the other curtain was not closed, and he knew the OTHER lucky guy was getting a good show, and probably getting his rocks off under the sheets, too.  Ain’t life a bitch! He could only HEAR what was happening.  He heard her robe come off. He heard the interns tell her they were spreading her legs. He heard her gasp as a lubriated finger slid within her.  He heard the intern whistle as her breasts jiggled invitingly when she raised her pelvis off the bed.  He knew she was getting horny in spite of herself, that she tried not to show what she felt, but her face showed it.  Then, at last, when her orgasm took her over the brink, he could hear her gasp and moan, hear her breath come in short, ragged pants, and then change to long deep gasps as she reached the peak of her extasy.  He might have even suspected that all the orgasms she had ever experienced happend here, at the hospital, with strange men watching her.
One thing I will say about Kei, and that is that her face is so beautiful when she cums.  It has the look of someone who never suspected that she could experience so much pleasure, and was so surprised at herself for wanting more.  But also, it had the look of someone who wasn’t quite sure if THEY knew what she felt.  The look of someone tring to hide their orgasm because maybe THEY don’t even know what I am feeling.  I loved that look.  Especially on her very first orgasm, when she didn’t even know what to expect.  She thought, “Oh my god, what is happening to me?”  Also, ever time she came, she opened her eyes and looked right into ricks eyes, a piercing gaze that could have melted an iceberg, and nearly turned rick to a bowl of jello.
Anyway, for her to cum for the first few times in front of strangers was perfect, for future plans I had for her!  But that is the subejct of another story.
Back to the hospital now, after a rest for Kei, she was taken to another examination room, this time with another stranger in it.  This time  He told her to stand facing to the bed, with her back toward the man.  Rick then produced a thermomiter, and in view of both her and the man, lightly lubricted it with vasaline.  Kei still had her gown on, but rick grabbed the bottom in the back, and lifted it a foot, revealing her tight ass.  He started to move the thermomiter to her ass, but stopped.  He asked the patient if he would be so kind as to help him for a second.  He told the guy to put one of his hands on each side of her ass cheeks, and hold them open wide while he inserted the thermometer.  The guy looked embarrased, but quickly recognized an opportunity when he saw one!  He firmly held her ass in his hands, with his thumbs to the inside, and gently spread her apart.  Rick asked him to hold her just a little wider please, and he quickly obliged.  Then, Rick touched the tip of the thermometer to her hole, making her squirm uncomfortably.  He slowly inserted it several inches, till just 2 inches of the thermometer stuck out.  He then let her gown fall back down, and told her it would regester in a minute or two.  All the while, she cannot even SEE the stranger who touched her in such a private place!
After a minute, Rick came back, and reaching under her gown without lifting it, removed the thermometer.
Rick had asked me before if he could give her an enema.  I was at first leary, but he told me he would make shure it was pleasurable for her.  I then agreed.
Again he took Kei to the room with three beds.  As she stood by the side of “her” bed, he untied her gown from her neck and let it slide to the floor. This time, instead of laying down on the bed, he told her to kneel on her hands and knees. She did, with a quick sideways glance at the man in the next bed.  Rick, took a quick glance at her breasts hanging down below her so firm, and then took the strap-on clit vibrator and strapped it on her.  He turned it on, and then sat and waited a few minutes until he knew she was good and hot.  He then took the lubricated enema nozle and slid it 4 full inches into her ass.  He reached up and opened the valve to let the water run, and as the warm water entered her, she shuddered all over and clentched her buttocks on the nozle.  As the water continued to run, and the vibrator continued to stimulate her, she experienced the most intense sensations she had ever experienced in her life.  She did not know whether to cry out in pleasure from the vibrator, or cry real tears at the humility of being given an emema with an audience.  Rick moved around to the front of her bed, and asked her, in a manner of fact voice, “Have you heard a forcast for tomorrow, Miss?”   His question momentarily yanked her back from the world of sensations her was lost in.  She slowly focused on him, and began to answer, obviously consentrating immensly to form each word.  You should have heard her voice then!  Sooo beautiful.  As much as she tried to make it calm, it shook and betrayed everything she was feeling. Then, the combination of clitoral and anal stimulation became too much for her.  She began to cum in powerful waves, and as she came, she she kept saying “Oh my god!” as she tried to retain her composure.  At the end, rick removed the nozle, and she collapsed onto the bed, worn out from her orgasm.


Kei’s Story, Part 3

It was nearly time for Kei to leave the hospital now.  In the past few days, she had experienced many new things, to her.  She had been undressed in front of strangers, had her body probed by fingers and objects, and had her first orgasm in front of strange men. There was one more thing, though, that she had not yet experienced, and I thought she should.  That is, multiple orgasms.  Rick had said that it was not too easy, and that it depended on the girl.  I told him that she used to run alot, and that she was in good shape and had good muscle tone, and he agreed that it might be possible.
When she was back sitting next to me in her short gown in the waiting room, Rick came back in and said that he was through, but that a group of medical students were here trying to get practical experience, and that if she would help by letting them examine her, that he could negotiate a break on the hospital bill.  She knew that I was not rich, and that I could use the money, so she agreed.
Rick said that these medical students were studing the female sexual system, and that first it was necessary to do something.  He led her into a room with a young intern, then he left.  The intern said, “Ok, lie on this table”.  She did.  He then untied her gown and slowly parted it.  “Spread your legs please, Miss.” She did.   He then took a shaver and shaved all of the fine black hair between her legs, leaving her smooth skin bare.  “Ok miss, you may get up”, he said.  She got up and pulled her gown back around her and tied it in the front.
AFter a few moments, Rick appeard again and led her to an examining room.  After a short time, four male medical students walked in.  He introduced them to her, and told them that they would be exploring female sexual organs today.  He told Kei to remove her gown and sit down on the edge of the table.  As she removed the gown, the four students gazed appriciatively at her smooth brown body. Rick helped her onto the table.  She sat with her arms crossed in front of her chest and her legs crossed.  Rick said, “First, we will start with the breast.  Please move your arms Miss.”.  She dropped her arms to her side.  “Now, notice that this patient’s breasts are firm and do not sag.  Also, notice how the nipples will become hard and stand out under stimulation”.  He ran his finger around the nipple her her left breast, causing it to become hard.  “I would like each one of you to feel her chest.”  The first student came up and placed his hand on her firm tit.  “Now, squeeze it between your thumb and forefinger”.  He did so.  “Try stimulating the nipple on her right breast”.  He squeezed her right nipple, making it hard.  Seeing no reaction on her face, he squeezed harder until she gasped and then let go.  Then, one by one, the other students also massaged her chest, each one obviously enjoying the opportunity.
“Next”, said Rick, “We will examine the clitoris and vagina.  Please lay down on the table, Miss.  Thank you.”  He then began to massage her clit with one hand while he continued to talk to the students.  After a few minutes of this, she was gasping and writhing on the table.  Just as she was about to cum, he stopped, and did not touch her for 2 whole minutes while he talked.  By this time, Kei knew what she was going to feel, and she had become so horny from Rick’s stimulation that she just wanted to cum.  After a few minutes, Rick told one of the students to massage her clit.  He did, and again Kei began panting.  Rick told the student to insert his finger into her, and he did, all the while continuing to stimulate her clit.  This quickly became too much for her little body, and she began to shudder with the onset of her orgasm.  As she began to cum, Rick said, “Notice her facial expression.”  She had her eyes closed in extacy, and was moaning softly.  “Please open your eyes, Miss”.  She heard him, and struggled to make her muscles respond though the waves of exctacy overwelming her.  “Notice that she has trouble focusing now.”  Then, her orgasm was over, and she tried to catch her breath and relax on the table.  “Now, you try”, said Rick, motioning to the next student.  The next one walked up and also massaged her clit.  After just one minute of this, she was again close to cumming.  This time, Rick gave one of the other students a nipple clamp, and said, “Put this on her nipple”.  He did, gently releasing it until it was at its full pressure.  Again, this new stimulation pushed her over the brink into another orgasm, and her small body shook with pleasure.  “This time”, said Rick, “notice how she has trouble talking.  Please say something, Miss”.  Kei looked at him, but all she could manage was “Oohhhhh”.  Finally she got out, “Ohhhh my god!” in her oriental accent, all the while panting heavily.  Then she tried again, “My god! What, ahhhh, are you, (gasp) doing to me??” Then, her second orgasm was over. The third student walked up and began to stimulate her.  Just before she began to cum, Rick gave him some lotion substance.  “What’s this”, the student asked.  Rick said, “It produces a sensation of heat that can be quite pleasurable.  Put some on her clitoris and nipples”.  The student did, and the sensation of heat immediately made her cum again.  She stammered, “My god!  Ohhhh!.  What... What IS that!?”.  The other students stared trasfixed at her firm breasts heaving as her whole body shook.  She continued to cum for a few seconds even after the student stopped stimulating her clit. When she stopped, Rick gave her a few seconds to catch her breath from her three powerful orgasms so far.  Then, he said, “This time, we will try a non-reclining position, and examine the effect of surroundings.”  He told Kei to stand up, and gave her her gown again.  She put it on, and he led the whole group out into the hall.  After a short walk, he opened the door to a stairwell, and led them in, closing the door behind them.  “Sometimes” he said, “a sense of danger can highten the orgasm expereince.  She knows that anyone could wander by anytime.”  He motioned to the last student, named Paul.  Kei was standing in front of him.  Paul started to untie her gown, but Rick said, “Leave her gown on, Paul.  Just reach under it with your hand”.  Paul first touched her bare knee, and then ran his hand up her leg until it was under her gown.  “Now, stimulate her, Paul”.  Paul began to massage her clit and work his fingers in and out of her cunt.  Soon she began to be affected.  She started to gasp, but glanced to the small window in the door behind her and the people walking down the hall, and instead she bit down lightly on her finger to silence herself.  As Paul continued to rub her clit, her chest began to heave, and she started to lean back against the concrete wall.  “No, Kei”, said Rick, “remain standing”.  She did, reaching out with one hand to Paul’s shoulder to steady herself.  After a few more seconds, her orgasm began.  It was obviously the most intense for her so far.  Even though she made only soft moaning sounds, the look on her face made it clear that this was her best so far.  She put both of her arms around Paul’s neck, and buried her face in his shoulder.  Then, one of the other students reached under her gown from the back, and put one finger in her tight ass, causing her to cum even harder.  Then, her orgasm stopped, but Paul kept going, and after just a few seconds, she began to cum again.  Her smooth legs trembled underneath her.  With great concentration, she lifted her head off Paul’s shoulder, focused on his face, and, in the best normal tone she could manage, said, “Thank you... for doing... this ...  to me.” Then, worn out from her series of intense orgasms and the effort of talking to Paul while cumming, she collapsed in Paul’s arms, and he carried her back to the room where were clothes were.
A few minutes later, she appeared back in the waiting room, fully clothed and smiling, but still a little shaky.  We walked back to the car and left. On the way home I asked her if the hospital was as bad as she had feared.  “Oh, no” she said.  “It was just, well, not what I expected”, and she left it at that.


Kei’s Story, Part 4

After I brought Kei home from the hospital, I gave her a few days to rest and think about what she had felt there.  But then, I had other plans for her.  I decided to share her beauty with a few of my friends in a rather interesting way.
I invited 4 of my friends over to my house for the evening.  They came over and I introduced them all to her.  The day before I bought her a cotton dress which was long (down almost to her ankles) but was lightweight.  I told her to wear it that night.  After a few minutes, I sent her out to sit in the back seat of the car, and told my friends that one by one they would get a ride for 25 minutes, and that they during that time, her body was for their pleasure. 
The first one went down to the car, and he got in the back seat too and I got in the front to drive.  It was dusk, and getting dark, so it was not easy to see inside the car from outside unless you really looked.  I set off driving, no place in particular but just driving around.  After a minute, he put his hand on her chest and felt her tits throught the thin cloth of her dress.  Then, he unzipped it and gently pulled it off her shoulders and let it fall to her lap.  He spent along time playing with her breasts and nipples, massaging them and squeezing her nipples between his thumb and finger until they were hard and she gasped.  He also sucked on her nipples.
Eventually we went back, and he went up and the next one came down and got in the car.  We left again.  This friend of mine was big, black, and built like Tom Cruise (all rock solid muscle).  I could tell that Kei was immediately attracted to him.  Everybody has an idea of what the perfect body of the opposite sex looks like, and for her, he was it.  We took off and he reached down to the bottom of her dress and slowly pulled it up her calves.  Then he passed her knees and very slowly pulled it up to reveal more and more of her smooth thighs.  While this was happening, we stopped at a light and a pickup truck pulled up next to us.  The driver could see in the window and saw what was happening.  When he had pulled her dress up would go, he reached under with both hands and removed her knickers, pulling them down past her knees so they could slide down her legs to the floor.  I could tell she was already hot, just because it was him that was doing it to her.  He reached under her dress again and in just a few minutes had her gasping for breath.  He continued, and her climax began.  She turned her head to look into his eyes, and she started to shudder in orgasm.  As her orgasm took her, he looked into his eyes and moaned.
We went home again, and the other two guys got their chance too. 
Then, we went back home and we all sat down in the living room.  The guy that she liked went over to her and again reached under her dress to stimulate her, this time with the rest of us watching.  But since she was so attracted to him, she could have been on TV and she would still been unable to stop herself from what she felt.  So, he worked on her until he knew she was just about to cum, and then he stopped.  Of course, this drove her crazy.  He gave her a couple of minutes to calm down, then he started again.  While this was going on, I went into the kitchen and got a wine glass which I took into the bathroom.  One by one, each of us went into the bathroom and deposited a nice big sample of cum into the glass.  This took some time of course and during all the time my friend was getting her close to orgasm and then stopping.  Finally, he too went into do his part.  Then, he came out with the glass and I got a spoon from the kitchen.  We mixed it up good and gave her the glass and spoon.  She looked each of us in the eye, and took the glass.  She was still about to explode from all the stimulation she had had, and my friend continued to work on her.  She gingerly picked up the spoon and scooped up a spoonful.  As she put it in her mouth, he rubbed her clit and she inhaled sharply.  After a few more spoonfulls, she started to cum.  One of my friends had gone around behind her and was reaching around to squeeze her tits.  She came in the best orgasm she had had yet, all the while eating her “meal”.  Finally she was done - she put the glass down and collapsed onto the coutch, exhausted.
Since she had worked so hard, we decided she needed bath, so we took her in the bathroom and ran some hot water with bubbles in the tub.  She stood up and we pulled her gown off, took her hand, and led her to the tub.  She got in, savoring the sensation of the warm soapy water.  Then we all kneeled by the side of the tub and we each took turns washing her with a bar of soap, sometimes using a sponge, sometimes our hands.

Kei’s story, Part 5

Since Kei’s hospital visit (the subject of the first 3 Kei stories) went so well, I decided to see what else I could “arrange”.  I thought of another friend of mine named Carl who owned a small company in town which produces optical equipment.  I talked to him and told him my plan, and he agreed to it.
I told Kei that me and a few friends of mine were going to go on a tour of this factory and that she should come along.  She agreed, and we all left in the same car.  After a short drive, we arived and got out.  Carl met us in the lobby.  After briefly glancing at us all, he asked whether we were all US citizens.  Of course, since Kei was from southeast Asia, she was not.  I told him that she was not an American.  He said that in order to protect company secrets that she would have to be searched both before and after the tour.  He told her that either she could wait outside for us, or that if she agreed, she would be searched.  But he warned her that once she went inside, there was no turning back - they would search her no matter what.  She thought for a minute, and decided that she wanted to stay with us, so she agreed.  He told us to wait in the lobby and he told her to follow him into another room down the hall.  She did, and when she walked in she saw three burly men dressed in guard uniforms.  Carl closed the door and left the room, leaving her there alone with the men. 
As she stood there humbly, the first guard pointed to a partition that was at the far side of the room.  It was about 5 feet tall, 6 feet wide, and started around two feet off the ground supported by posts.  He told her to go behind the partition and remove all her clothes.  He threw her a robe, and she walked to behind the partition.  In this position, she was partially hidden from the guards, but her head from the shoulders up and her legs from the knees down could be seen.  At first she just stood there until the guard gruffly said “come on, we don’t have all day here”.  She unbuttoned her shirt and removed it, hanging it on a hook on the wall behind her.  Then she removed her bra.  She hesitated here, unsure if she was expected to continue.  The guard said “hurry up”, so she unbuttoned her jeans and let them slide to the floor at her feet.  She reached for the robe, but the guard said “remove it ALL, miss”.  She pulled her knickers down and also let them slide down her legs to her feet.  All the while the guards could see her brown legs from the thigh down under the partition.  Then she put the robe on.  The guard told her to gather up her clothes since they would be searched. 
As she brought the pile of her clothes out to the guard, she thought “well, at least they gave me this robe to cover up with”.  But she didn’t realise that SHE would be searched too!  After one of the guards searched through her clothes, he said to the others “Her clothes are ok.  Lets see about her”.  He led her over to a table in the middle of the room.  The table was bare metal and cold.  He said “remove your robe miss and sit on the table”.  She pleaded with him, “Please, let me keep the robe?  I will be embarassed.”  He looked sternly at her without saying anything.  Slowly she reached up for the tie that held it closed at the waist, and untied it.  Then she slid it off her shoulders and let if drop, revealing her firm Asian breasts to the guards.  She sat on the edge of the table, and inhaled sharply as the cold metal came into contact with her ass.  Since the air temperature was chilly, her nipples had already begun to get erect.
One of the guards stood next to her and told her to open her mouth as wide as she could.  She did this and he looked in her mouth.  Satisfied, he told her to close it.  Then, he put his right hand on her left breast. 
One think about Kei’s breasts is that they are firm, don’t sag at all, and they are very well defined.  Some girls’ breasts just sort of fade into the rest of their chest, but not her’s.  There is a sharp angle between her breasts and rest of her chest, making them appear to stand out more.  And, this shape makes for a good handful.  This guard put his thumb under her breast, his other fingers on top, and started to squeeze her tit roughly.  She gasped.  The way he was squeezing it made her breast thin in the middle and part of it stick out from the front of his fingers.  He then said to one of the other guards, “check her nipple”.  While the first guard held her breast firmly in this position, the second one came over to her.  At first he just brushed his hand upwards gently rubbing her erect nipple.  “Ohh” she said, not used to having her nipple stimulated like this.  Then he squeezed it between his thumb and forefinger.
After a minute of this, they both let go, and she placed her hand over her now sore left breast.  Then they repeated the procedure on her right breast, first sequeezing it and then squeezing her nipple.  While they were doing this, the third guard watched the whole thing.
Then, when they were done with both breasts, they told her to lie down on the table.  She did, shocked as her warm skin met the cold metal along the length of her back, buttocks, and thighs.  She lay there with her hands at her sides, and one guard moved to each side of the table.  They grasped her ankles and pulled them apart, spreading her legs wide.  She tried to close them, but could do nothing against the strong grip of the guards.  The third guard said “Lie still, miss” since she was squirming on the table.  He began by placing his hand on her calf, massaging the fleshy part of her calf.  He worked his way upwards, passing her knee.  Then he started on her smooth dark thighs.  Soon he had covered both legs, pressing his fingers into her flesh. 
When he reached for her cunt, she asked him “Please, don’t”.  But he inserted two fingers inside her, wiggling them around.  This made her gasp again, and her breasts jiggled invitingly.  He gently rubbed her clit with his thumb.  After a few minutes of this, he said to one of the other guards, “She seems ok, you want to try?” The other guard also rubbed her clit.  By now she was feeling flushed as she tried to ignore the feeling this was producing within her.  The physical sensations began to outweigh her emotions of humiliation and she found herself starting to involentary try to lift her pelvis off the table.  When the third guard also stimulated her, it became too much for her to bear, and an orgasm began to wash over her.  Her little body trembled for a few seconds.  When she opened her eyes again, she was still panting a little.
They threw her her robe, and she put it back on.  They told her she would get her clothes back at the end of the tour.  So that was how she came back to us in the lobby, dressed only in her robe.  It was a loose fitting robe which revealed flashes of her thighs and chest when she moved.  We would have a hard time paying any attention to the tour now! 
We walked around the building, and every time we came to a staircase Carl motioned for Kei to go first so we could watch her legs as she walked up the stairs.  We all spend more time watching her than anything else.  Sometimes we would get glimpses of her firm chest if her gown shifted in the right way, and we soon all had hardons.
After the tour, we came back to the lobby.  Carl told Kei to go back to the room with the guards since she needed to be searched a second time before she left.  She had no choice since all her clothes were there.
She went back to the room, and the three guards were still there.  They closed the door behind her, and told her she would be searched again, this time more thoroughly than before.  She went over to the table and the guard removed her robe again.  She lied down on the table, and the guard told her that this time she would not like how they had to search her, and so they must tie her arms and legs.  Two of the guards tied her arms over her head which made her back arch a little and displayed her breasts more prominantly.  Then, one guard grabbed each of her ankles and they tied her in a spread-eagle position so she could not close her legs even if she wanted to.  One of the guards rubbed her clit for a few minutes until she began to breath heavy.  Then, they told her that they need to examine her very closely this time because she might be smuggling out something hidden inside her.  One of the guards produced a shiny metal device.  It had two curved, blunt metal blades which together formed about 75% of a circle abount 1” around.  But the blades were separated and hinged.  A screw could be turned which separated them by about 1/8” each turn.

She eyed this device fearfully.  Just a few weeks ago she had never even been seen naked by a male, and now here she was, tied spread-eagle to a table in front of three guards.  The guard with the device explained to her that it was a labia-spreader, designed to allow better access to her vagina.  He said that to make it easiest on her, they would stimulate her clit at the same time. 
The guard closed the spreader to its smallest size, and lightly lubricated it with some vasiline he had in a jar by the table.  She watched all this.  The guard brought it to her cunt, and slowly inserted it, farther and farther until it was all inside her except for the end with the screw.  He waited a minute until the metal warmed up to her body temperature.  Then, he reached down and gave the screw four turns.  It was already tight to begin with, but this made it all the tighter.  She said “Please, that is far enough”.  They waited, and one of the guards stroked her clit again until she gasped.  Then, they gave the screw a few more turns.  This time it became very uncomfortable as he pussy was spread farther than it had ever been.  They waited a minute for her to get used to this, and the guard stroked her clit again.  Then, a few more turns.  Now, the sensation had turned to pain.  She clenched her fists.  She asked the guard if this was enough, and he said, “Miss, we need to do this the best we can.  We will have to push you to your limit, to the point where your pleasure and pain become one.  Then, we will examine your vagina.  Don’t worry, you will not be injured.”
He turned the screw again, and this time the pain grew sharper.  She bit down lightly on her lip to keep from crying out.  A guard stroked her clit again, and the sensation of pleasure from the stimultion worked to partially block out the pain.  Then, another turn.  This time she did cry out.  The guard who had been just watching moved to her side and cupped her breast.  He gently squeezed, and ran circles around her nipple with his finger.  The first guard turned the screw again, and a tears began to appear in her eyes.  He stroked her clit again, and she moaned with pleasure in spite of the biting pain.  Then, another turn.  This time she thought she would pass out.  She sobbed, and he stroked her clit again.  Then, they waited about 2 minutes for her to get used to this level of pain.  All the while, one of the guards continued to stimulate her breasts and nipples.  After the 3 minutes were up, she had gotten her sobbing under control.  He turned the screw some more, and she again cried out.  “You are close, miss.  Just a little more”, said the guard.  He turned it again and this time the pain washed over her like a wave - it was all she felt or could think about.  At this point one of the guards went out to the lobby and motioned for us to follow him.  He took us to the room where she was, so that we could see her like this.  We saw her naked, tied spread eagled to the table with her pussy being forced open.  She was only dimly aware of us in the room.  We all got instant erections. 
“Once more, miss”.  He lightly brushed her clit again, bringing her to the brink of an orgasm.  Then, he turned the screw one last time, and we heard her cry out.  But the pain pushed her over the brink and her orgasm began.  Her pussy was now gaping open very wide, which was alot for her small body to bear.  The guard probed around inside her quivvering vagina with his fingers, while she was cumming.  For the moment, the pleasure was counteracting the worst pain she had ever felt, and she was in her own world, lost in the sensations and far far away from reality.  Each guard in turn felt her.  Finally, her orgasm subsided and the pain began to return full force.  The guard turned the screw the other way to close it.  After a few minutes, he could remove it from her.  Her little body shook from the experience she just had - she was brought to the very edge of her pain threshold, more than she knew she could tolerate.  But when she got there, she found an orgasm.
She began to get up, but the guard said “we’re not quite done yet.”  He told her to sit on the edge of the table again, and she did.  He took her perfectly formed breast in his hand, and squeezed it.  Then, harder.  This was painful, too, but not as much as the pussy spreader was.  He then moved to the other breast and did the same thing.
Finally, they gave her her clothes back, and she dressed.  She walked out to the lobby, still sore from what she had been through, but fully dressed now.
We left and went back out to the car.  Her first B&D experience was over.


Kei’s Story, Part 6

One day, I took Kei out to see a movie.  It was a 9:00 show, so it was getting dark when we got there.  We went inside the theatre and sat down, waiting for the movie to start.  There was not many people in the theatre, so we sat in a secluded spot.  After about 40 minutes had gone by, I noticed that a guy sitting in the next isle kept glancing at Kei - he was paying more attention to her than to the movie.  But he was a ways away, and couldn’t see her very well.
He was also sitting alone.  I said to Kei, “I’ll be right back”, and I went over and sat next to him.  At first he thought I would be mad because I noticed him looking at her.  I said “She is very pretty, isn’t she?”.  “She sure is”, he said, “I’ve never seen a girl quite like her before.” I asked him “would you like to get more aquainted with her?”  His eyes lit up, and he said yes, of course he would.  I gave him the address at my apartment, and I told him to meet us there after the movie.  Then I left and went back to Kei.
When I got back, she asked me “Was that someone you know?”  “No”, I said, “I never met him before”.  She looked puzzled, but didn’t ask any more questions.  We watched the rest of the movie, and left the theatre.  On the way home, I told her she should stop over to my place for a bit.
She agreed, so we went there.
After we got there, I turned the lights down low, and we sat together for a minute.  Then I asked her if she would do something for me.  She had on a light cotton dress and a shirt that buttoned down the front.  I reached over and unbuttoned the first button.  She looked at me, but didn’t protest.  I undid the rest of the buttons, and unhooked her bra.  I removed it, and told her to put her shirt back on.  She really didn’t understand why I did that, but she would learn soon enough.  I told her to stand up, and I reached under her dress and pulled her knickers down.  I put them and her bra in the back room, and we sat back down.  “What did you do that for?” she asked. “You’ll see in a minute”, I said.
A few minutes later there was a knock on the door.  I told her to stay there, and I went to answer it.  I opened it and the guy stood there a bit nervously, not sure if I was serious.  He introduced himself as Lee. We were in the foyer, out of earshot of Kei if we talked quietly.  I said to him, “you want to see Kei’s body, don’t you?”  He said he did.
We both went into the next room, and I told Kei to stand up.  She did, and we moved to face her.  She said “I thought you said you didn’t know him”, but I just said “shhhhh, don’t talk”.  I unbuttoned her shirt again, but didn’t remove it, just let the front hang open a bit.  I took Lee’s right hand, and slid it under her shirt from the front, placing his hand cupping her breast.  Her eyes opened wide in suprise - here was a guy she had never met fondling her chest.  I let him have fun for a minute, then told him “ok, please stop now”.  If Kei had been white not Asian, she would have been blushing furiously.
I walked around until I was standing in back of Kei, and I slid her shirt off her shoulders and removed it, leaving her bare chest visisble to Lee.  He stared and whistled under his breath.  “Would you like to see more?” I asked Lee.  Of course he said he did, so I slid Kei’s skirt down her legs.  She was now completely naked.  I asked Lee what he would like to do with her.  His eyes lit up, and he motioned me over.  I walked over next to him, and he wispered something my ear that Kei could not hear.  Then, we stepped apart and I said, loud for Kei to hear, “Ok - anything you want.”
I told Kei to get down on her hands an knees on the floor.  Then, I got a cloth and tied it around her eyes so she couldn’t see anything at all.  I left her and Lee there and went into the other room for a minute and returned with a vibrator.  Of course, kei couldn’t see it.  I handed it to Lee and said “Ok, she’s all yours.”
I went over and sat in the couch, far enough away to not disturb them, but close enough to watch.  Lee turned on the vibrator and gnetly touched the tip to her pussy, startling her.  He told her “Just relax”, as he slowly pushed it farther into her cunt.  He left it there for a minute, vibrating away.  Then, he began to slide it in and out.  This soon had an effect on her - she started to inhale sharply as it entered her.  I closed my eyes, just listening to the beautiful sound of Kei’s moaning as she got closer and closer to orgasm.  She was still on her hands and knees, but now she was rocking back and forth.  She looked like she would start to cum any minute now.  I got up and quietly went over to her.  I lied down on my back next to her so my head was underneath her chest.  As soon as she started to cum, I grabbed one of her breasts in my hand, brought her nipple to my mouth and started to suck for all I was worth.  This was totally unexpected to her, and the new sensation sent her farther away into her own world.  I gave her tit one final squeeze and went back to sit down before her blindfold came off and she saw what happened.  Lee removed the vibrator, and took the blindfold off.  She collapsed onto the carpet, still panting.
I was going to tell her to get dressed, but Lee told me “I would like to suck her nipples, too!”.  So I told her to get back on her hands and knees, and Lee lied down like I was before with his head under her left breast, which was hanging down below her most invitingly.   He started to run his toung in circles around her nipple, making her shutter a little and her nipple get hard.  Then he put his mouth around just the part of her nipple that stood out, and began to suck.  I knew that her breasts were empty, but I had heard that repeated sucking stimulation could make them produce milk.  This sounded like a good idea to me, so I figured what better time to start than now.  I lied down on her other side and took her remaining nipple in my mouth in the same way, gently squeezing her tit as I sucked.  Maybe in a few weeks we could have even more fun with her breasts.
This was so enjoyable that we didn’t want to stop, but after a few minutes we did, and she got dressed again.  I led Lee to the door, and he said that Kei was indeed the most beautiful girl he had ever seen.  I told him that in a few weeks I would be going on a trip, and Kei would stay here.  I invited him to come and enjoy her while I was gone.
After Lee left, I asked Kei, “Just a few weeks ago you had never even been seen naked by a guy.  Now what do you feel like when he sees you nude?” She said “I am still embarassed when my clothes come off - I did it becuase I thought you wanted me to”.  “Yes”, I said, “but didn’t you enjoy it?”.  She looked down and said “Well, it did feel kind of good for a minute”.  She still did not quite understand what an orgasm was, even though she had had a few by now.  I told her, “Kei, you’re little Asian body is so beautiful, it should be shared and enjoyed by anyone who wants to use it.”
I told her “Listen, I am going to take you to be eaten”.  “Eaten?” she asked, “What is that?”  “Oh, you’ll find out soon enough”, I said.  “You just have to do what I say and trust me.  We will wait until tomorrow”.
That night, I went out to some stores and bought a few things for her to wear.  She didn’t own any clothing reavealing enough for what I wanted on her, so I got some.  I thought about getting her a mini-skirt, but decided I wanted something lighter weight, nearly transparent.  I found a short lightweight silk dress, which normally went down to just above the knees.  But I bought it in a shorter size so it would only cover part of her thighs, and even less when she sat down.  Then, I thought about a top.  I found a very revealing blouse - it was cut very low in the back, then had some shoulder straps which were very thin.  In the front, it was also cut very low - so low it would just barely hide her nipples if she sat up, and maybe not even that if she slouched.
The next day, I picked her up and took her to my apartment, where I gave her her new things.  She picked them up gingerly, and said “You must be kidding, I can’t wear that in public!”  I said, “Oh, yes you can.  Put them on.”  She disappeared into the bathroom and emerged a few minutes later wearing her new clothes.  By the way she moved and walked, I could tell she felt almost naked in them - no one dresses like that in her country.  She did look stunning, though - she could now walk into a room and turn every male head there to look at her.  Your eyes were almost involentarily drawn to her legs, where her smooth thighs emerged from her skirt, or her chest, with most of the top part of her breasts revealed.  The skirt had a slit up the front, and I said to her “wait, just one more thing”.  I reached her the skirt and pulled her knickers off.  “My god”, she said.  “This is crazy.”
I had a plan for her to be eaten tonight, but I decided to have a little fun showing off her body first.  A thought to myself, “A shoe store would be alot of fun...” I told her she needed some nice shoes to wear, too.  She got a wide eyed expression in her face when she realized what that meant - she would have to let the salesman try the shoes on her, with his face just inches from her bare legs.  I drove to a small shoestore in a secluded place.  We went in, and as I expected, a young salesman immeadiatly asked us what we needed.  I could tell he was resisting the temptation to gawk at her.  I told him she needed a nice pair of sandals.  We went over to sit down on the chairs, and he came back a few minutes later with a box.  He knelt down by her legs.  She had her legs pressed tightly together.  He took one of her calves in his hand and guided her foot into the shoe.  I saw him take a few quick glances up her legs, too.  I told her, “feel them with your hands to see if it fits ok”.  Of course, this meant she had to bend forward.  She did, and of course her blouse hung down in the front, revealing every inch of her chest and her beautful nipples to the salesman, who was clearly very nervous.  I said “Try the other shoe on”.  She did, and they seemed to fit, so we bought a pair and left the salesman with his hard on. 
It was getting dark when we went back out to the car.  I told her, “Ok, now I will take you to get eaten.”  “What is it”, she asked again, but I didn’t answer.  I went driving until I found a poor slum section of town in a mostly black neighborhood.  Eventually, I saw a group of 4 black youths standing around on a corner.  Kei was very nervous, not sure what I was up to.  I stopped the car and walked over to them.  I pointed out to them that I had a very beautiful young Asian girl in the car, and how would they like to have a little fun.  I told them to meet me in a small deserted alley, and they left for there.  I went back to the car, and told Kei to get out.  She did, and I took her hand and led her to the alley.  “God”, she said, “What are you going to do?”  We got to the alley, and the four men, all in their early 20’s, looked at her.  I told them they would all get a chance to eat her.  By the side of the road there was a ledge about 3 feet high, and I led her over to it.  I told her to sit down on it, and she did, letting her legs dangle down.  The guys walked over, and I made a show of unbuttoning her blouse and removing it.  Instead of removing her skirt, I just pushed it up her thighs.  I told her to skoot forward until just the back of her ass was on the stone ledge.  I pointed at one of the men, and he came over to her.  She still had her legs pressed together, but he grabbed one knee in each hand and gently  spreaded them apart.  He knelt down between her legs, with his face at her crotch, and she asked again, “What is he going to do?” He started to lick her clit, and she said “Ohhh, my!”  She was aware of the fact that she was outside in the middle of some street at night.  She looked around nervously, but could not see anyone else but us.  I told the other men, “you will each get a turn, but only one at a time.”  Then, I just walked off back to the car, leaving her there with the men.  As I left the alley, I heard her stifle a scream of pleasure as his toung explored her insides.
I went back to the car, and ran a few errands I had to do at the store.  After about 30 minutes, I decided they would be done by now.  Then I went back to the alley.  When I got there, the last one had just finished with her, and she was still sitting on the ledge, panting and trying to catch her breath.  She said, “My god, I never felt anything like that before.”  One of the guys told me she had cum 5 or 6 times.  He said, “We want to fuck her.” I told myself, “well, I guess its got to happen sometime.” (Besides, they were all bigger than I was, and there were four of them!)
I told them ok.  I told her she has had things in her cunt before, but never a penis, and she was still a virgin.  On top of the ledge where she was stitting was grass, so I told her to get up on there and lie down.  She did, and I told her to spread her legs for the nice man.  The first one had a thick penis, and slowly went down on her.  As he entered her, she again gasped.  She realized this was the first time she had ever really had sex.  The man began to pump, holding her head in his hands and kissing her mouth.  Soon he was pouring his cum deep inside her, and he got up and let the next one take his turn.  He lasted only a short time, then the third.  This time, she was so close to cumming that when he entered her she began to cum immeadiately.  She bucked her pelvis off the grass as she cried out softly.  Finally, the fourth man entered her, and just as he started to shoot his warm cum into her, his pulsing triggered another orgasm in her.  She closed her eyes in extacy and let the waves of pleasure wash over her young body.
Finally when they were all done, she remained lying there, too exhausted to get up or move.  One of the men said, “Hey, can I get a few of my friends?” Sure, I said, so he ran off and came back a few minutes later with 3 more guys.  She opened her eyes and looked at them, and said, “I need to rest.” But the first one unzipped his pants and started to fuck her.  In spite of her claiming she was exhausted, finally she started to cum again.  Then, the next man took her.  At this point she was just drifting from one orgasm to the next.  Finally, the last man finished and got up.  This time, she really was gone - all those orgasms wore her right out.  I had to carry her back to the car.  I told the men that maybe we could do this again soon.  I told them her body was made for their pleasure.
Finally, we drove home, and I carried her into my apartment.  She opened her eyes weakly and looked at me.  She asked in a shakey voice, “How many were there?”  “Seven”, I said.  “Next time, there will be more.”  She groaned and fell asleep on the couch.