The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 27

Good, Clean Fun

When Michelle left,  her tears were almost gone. She acted very subdued, not at all the bitch she
had been when she arrived to work off her problems with a little play for pay. 

Andy and Mary cleaned up the bedroom.  Neither of them seemed at all concerned I had taken
Michelle anally against her will. In fact, they had helped me subdue her, tie her down, and stayed
to watch the action. While I fucked Michelle's ass, I observed my kittens' faces.  Andy was
watching the action. She was very involved, as if she were watching an excellent movie and was
really into it. Her hand had slipped between her legs to stroke herself through her pants.  Mary had
watched me like a hawk.  I had the feeling she was inside my brain again as she took in every
nuance of my actions. Now, Michelle was gone and it was late. 

My balls hurt. Although I had fucked ten women that day, I had only cum once.  That was in
Alicia's willing mouth after I had already fucked her front and back while Mary was off playing
with her husband.  I needed to cum again. 

"Let's take a shower before bed," I said. Both of them began undressed.  

Since our training sessions in San Francisco, Andy always made each undressing a strip tease.  She
took her time, letting me see those parts of her she knew I wanted and then hiding them.  She
adjusted her routine to the time and the situation, each time different, each time delightful.  Of
course, when I was not there, I was sure she raced through her clothes changes. A few times, I
came in to find dirty garments strewn everywhere. But, when I was there, Gypsy could not do it
any better.  

Mary also took her time.  She had been trained by Rebecca several years ago when she and Uncle
Bert went to San Francisco. When Mary stripped, it was more subtle, less theatrical.  I guess that
was practice.  So, nighttime was always another good time in my house.  When I said "undress," it
was a delightful show. 

Naked now, Andy rolled her hair up on her head and slipped a cover over it to keep it dry.  Mary
left her hair long. I climbed in the big shower stall and turned on the water.  Uncle Bert must have
loved his showers.  If Mary or another kitten always took them with him, who could blame him.
The shower stall was about three times as big as normal.  Two sides of the stall were glass, one of
which contained the door.  The other two sides had three shower heads each, high, medium and
low, spaced to cover all of the bather.  There was a huge, quick recovery water heater so we never
ran out. 

Mary entered the shower behind me, gasping when the steaming water hit her.  I liked my shower
a little warmer than she did. She took the soap, lathered the washcloth, and started on my back.
She worked quickly, vigorously. Kneeling, she was starting on my legs and feet as Andy stepped in
the shower. Andy gave me a big grin and a quick kiss on the lips, which made her bountiful breasts
rub against my wet chest. I pulled her to me, my hands on her ass, my erection sliding between her
thighs. We kissed until Mary gently pushed us apart so she could wash my cock, the suds making
her hand slide easily as Andy I continued to kiss.  

Doctors say the finger tips are more sensitive than any other part of your body. Try this sometime.
Have her be still, standing up, or, maybe, lying on a bed. Very gently began feeling all the different
parts of her with just your fingertips, lightly applied. Feel how the texture of her inner thighs is
different from the outer, how the back of her knee is softer and more tender than the front, how
the area beside her pussy feels totally different than the pussy itself, how the underside of her
breast has a different texture than the areola round her nipple, how the small of her back is
different than the crack of her ass. 

Feel the outer labia, then the inner.  Let a finger slide gently up her, feeling the textures. Even in
her pussy, texture seems different at different places.   It seems each part has its own texture. 
Amazing, isn't it? Now, try it in the shower when she is lathered with soap. Turn off the water and
stand there, exploring her.   Entirely different again.  Isn't nature wonderful? 

I was washing Andy's pussy, gently rubbing each lip and the skin around it with soap, before
rinsing her.  She started to squirm. "Davy," she murmured. I took a nipple in my mouth.  Taste is a
good way to make sure she is clean.  With my mouth, I carefully checked both breasts to make
sure they were throughly clean. Andy was moaning.  As I bent over, I felt Mary's finger slip up my
ass. It turned a few times and wiggled before slowly slipping out again. When I stopped washing
Andy, she whimpered a little before moving directly under the big shower heads to rinse. I started
washing Mary.  She had delightful textures, too.  It usually takes me a long time to shower. 

My relationship with Andy was one of lovers, unusual perhaps in that I had many others affairs
without a complaint from her, but lovers nevertheless. Mary was different. She was my lover, too,
although without the total devotion and deep intensity Andy had for me. But, Mary was more. 
She was sometimes my guide to Uncle Bert's world, sometimes my advisor and confident. She
often watched me, observing, recording every little detail. Sometimes, I thought she was reading
my mind, such as after my dream the other night. Her comments were incisive, cogent.  I
wondered how much of that was her and how much was the programming. 

Andy was waiting in bed, propped up on one elbow watching, when Mary and I finished drying
each other. My two kittens looked at me expectantly.  I opened the bedside table, removed a
seven-inch vibrator and handed it to Mary.  

"Play with yourself but don't cum," I said with a smile. I enjoying watching them masturbate,
seeing them pleasure themselves. One of the things I have observed about women is that they
would orgasm in a crowd before they will let their man see them masturbate. Mary and Andy now
eagerly masturbated in front of me with no embarrassment or hesitation. 

The reason I ordered her to do it was a physical limitation.  One cock, two pussies. One will go
into two delightfully but not simultaneously.  Mary gave me a slutty grin and lay back on the bed.
As we watched, she clicked on the vibrator and lay the tip on her right nipple. She closed her eyes
as the nipple pulsated to erection. 

Andy was staring at me, full of anticipation. She was almost quivering she was so anxious. 

"Now, little kitten, I am going to fuck you."

"Well, I hope so.  I have wanted you all day."  Her face turned shy, apprehensive.  "Did you know
it makes me horny watching you with other women?  When you were fucking Michelle, I just
wanted to be her, tied down, taking you up my ass. I just wanted to be the one giving you
pleasure."  She smiled very sweetly, her eyes soft and full of love.  "You know I want you to do
anything you want to me, don't you?"  

"Yes, I know," I replied.  As I crawled between her legs, she held her arms up to welcome me.

We did not fuck right then. We touched, caressed, titillated, tantalized each other, rolling back and
forth on the bed. I let my fingers feel all of her and she did the same to me. The intensity slowly
built, desire growing, our need unfulfilled. Andy's golden hair was around her head, her blue eyes
hot and unfocused.  She was covered in sweat, hers and mine, her body shiny and damp.  Mary
was moaning softly next to us.  The smell of pussy filled the room. 

"Please, Davy. Come on," she moaned, straining to get me between her legs. I slipped my finger
up her hot, wet, slew, loading it with her juice. Her pussy lips were bloated, slick with her dew. I
rubbed my finger between her breasts, mixing the sweat and love juice to make a fine oil which I
spread between her mounds. When I lay my cock between her breasts, Andy pushed them up,
making a channel for it.  I move back and forth, my cock sliding on a slick coat of our juice
between her breasts. 

Perhaps the best thing about Andy is no matter what I want to do, it makes her horny and she
wants it, too.  She is always ready, willing and anxious to play. If I could tell a woman, any
woman, the one thing most important to her man (besides love, of course), I would say sexual
eagerness. Andy's feet were planted firmly on the bed letting her thrust her pussy up and down in
rhythm to my movements between her breasts. "Faster, honey," she whimpered. I could feel my
ball sac throbbing.   I slipped down her and rammed my cock in her pussy. She squealed and
locked her legs around my waist, holding me in her. 

"Quite, little lady," I whispered. Mary moaned next to us. She was watching us through her own
unfocused and sex crazed eyes. She did not ask for relief.  She knew better.  I would let her
orgasm when I wanted to do it and not before. Anyway, she enjoyed the sexual tension as we all
do.

"Harder, David. Harder, please," Andy mumbled in that delightful English accent. I cupped
Andy's ass with my hands, digging my fingers into her strong ass muscles. I stopped and let my
balls start pumping. Undescribable! 

"Oh, my!" Andy exclaimed as her pussy spasmed on my cock, her orgasm joining mine. I felt her
orgasm over and over.  I lay on her and let my sock soften in her. 

"Andy?"

"Ummmm."

"Let Mary have my cum."  

Andy struggled over Mary, lowering her pussy to her mother's mouth, letting Mary clean and
swallow, taking my cum from her hairless cunt. I stopped Mary's flying hand and pulled the
vibrator out of her. Andy orgasmed again from Mary's tongue.  Then, I pulled her aside. She was
asleep in an instant. 

Mary was desperate.  She needed to cum so badly she was almost out of control. I told my cock to
harden and it quickly obeyed.  I crawled between Mary's legs and slid into her on a sea of her
moisture and Andy's which still was clinging to my cock. I forced Mary's legs out straight, my legs
outside hers and holding hers together, capturing my cock in her pussy.  I pulled her arms over her
head, stretching her, pinning her arms above her. 

Her face was covered in my cum and Andy's juices.  Her eyes were begging me to let her orgasm. 
I moved only a little, letting my cock, which was tight against her clit, vary the pressure. She could
not be still.  When I saw a tear form in her eye, I told her to cum.  She screamed my name and
arched until only her heels and her shoulders were on the bed.  Her cunt was a vise crushing me.
Her eyes rolled back in her head as she laughed and went limp. I released her and went to sleep on
her, her body still twitching under me.

I smelled coffee as the bed moved. It was Andy, dressed in her ski skins, which, as I have said, fit
like a second skin. She kissed me brightly, then handed me my mug.  As she took a step towards
the kitchen, I said,  "Stop and pull down your bottoms."

She gave me a sexy look over her shoulder as she stuck out her delightful ass and yanked the ski
bottoms down, looking like an x-rated version of the Coppertone girl. 

"What is this about?" she asked innocently.

"I was trying to decide if I should brand you."

She squealed, and turned, her hands flying to cover her exposed butt, her eyes big with fear.  She
shook her head no. I gave her a dirty look.  She blushed and looked away.  "I'm sorry. I did not
mean to tell you no, but, Davy, branding hurts worse than anything, I have heard."

"Yes, but you would do it for me."

"Yes.  You know that," she said, but she still held on to her ass. 

"Go make my breakfast, kitten," I said lovingly. She smiled shyly, pulled up her skins and bounced
out of the room. It is always as delightful to watch her going away as walking towards me.  

I really was considering branding Andy, although I was not sure why the idea appealed to me.  In
fact, I might brand them all. Or, none of them.  I closed my eyes to visualize.  Seeing her flesh
marred had less appeal then, but the idea stuck in my head. I had some other ideas, too.

After waffles with maple syrup, bacon, orange juice, coffee and milk, I sat in the living room and
thought.  It was time to get on with the treasure hunt for the formula. I gave Andy a job which
would take her out of the house for an hour or so. I called Mary in the living room.  She knelt
between my legs and went into her trance. 

"Hello, Dave.  It is Dad again. You have completed your assignment or you would not be getting
this message. The assignment really had two parts.  Reading all the books was for your mind. The
two sex queens and seducing the twenty women was for your cock.  Damn, I wish I could have
been there with you. You may think it was childish of me to have all the time spent on sex but I
had my reasons.  Your mind needed time to digest all you have put in it. And, I just like sex. So,
sue me.  Now, the formula.  You have all the major pieces except two.  Have Mary take you to
Maria in Denver.  Put her in the trance. Then, say, 'Maria, I need the recipe for tamales.' She will
tell you one piece.  The second piece will come from the Hermit. Then, there will be one more
formula related message. That is all for now.  Good luck."

Mary's head dropped to her chest. I grabbed her as she slumped forward and carried her into the
bed, leaving her covered to rest. 

I must say Uncle Bert's message was shorter and more cryptic than I had expected.  After making
me sweat so long (okay, perhaps all that fucking was not sweating but I did worry about it) you
would think I would have received more information. I sat in the big chair with my eyes closed.  I
was in deep concentration, analyzing every thing I knew about the formula, going over ever phase
of the information. When I opened my eyes, Andy was kneeling in front of me, watching me. 

"Holy mackerel! You scared the shit of me," I yelled, startled by her presence. She grinned, letting
me know she meant to scare me. 

"Don't do that again," I snapped.  

She had the devil in her eyes. "Oh, did the big bad man get frightened?" she asked, in a Tweety
Bird voice.  

"I will redden your ass, little kitten," I said in my most macho, menacing tones.  

"I do not think you are man enough," she retorted, standing up. 

I think I told you I found it to be much more fun if I did not program Andy to remove her wicked
sense of humor.  If I had ordered her,  she would have frozen on the spot.  This was going to be
more exercise and much more fun. 

I leapt and she ran, giggling like a six-year old.  Andy is a strong woman, with quick reactions. Her
game was to let me catch her, wrestle for a while and then get away again.  That was my game,
too.  Soon, we were sweaty, puffing and happy. Once, she played dirty, dropping to her knees to
kiss my cock through my pants, begging me to let her suck him.  As soon as she got my pants
down, she ran again. When we knocked over the lamp in the TV room, I had enough and seized a
handful of blonde mane floating behind her. 

"Oh, Davy, my hair.  Davy," she squealed as I dragged her downstairs. The look on her face was
wonderful. Her cheeks were red, her eyes bright and clear, her smile ever changing.  She knew I
was taking her to the dungeon. 

She did not know what I had planned but she thought she would like what I was going to do to
her. 

To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com

