I was his Sex Slave – He Shared me and I loved it.
by Vanessa Evans

Part 03

The sad thing was that the vast majority of the people there didn’t even see me. Their  brains registered a painted girl, thought, ‘so what’, and moved on. Even in the queue to get a burger no one really looked at me.

Well I say no one, but the guy flipping the burgers looked me up and down and smiled. At least he’d looked at my tits.

As we stood eating our burgers I saw a couple of girls from my class at school walking our way. As they got closer I smiled at them and one of them said,

“Oh my gawd, is that you Jenna? Yes it is, fuck girl look at you. Have you been dancing with those painted girls?”

“Hi Em, Mary, having a good time? Yes, I was in the parade.”

“Like that? Look at your tits, and you’re clit has grown since I last saw you in the showers. Really, you’ve been wandering round town like that, it’s a wonder that you didn’t get arrested.”

When Emma said that about my clit I shuffled my feet apart a bit. I’d somehow forgotten that my clit is so prominent and I wanted people to see it.

“You should try in Emma, it’s such a turn on.”

“I bet that it is.” Mary added.

“So is this the guy who’s fucking your brains out, I’ve never seen you so happy.”

“Yes, this is Blade and he’ll fuck your brains out if you ask him.”

Emma and Mary both giggled then said ‘bye’, and walked away.

“Hmm,” Blade said, “you could have been like those 2 kids Jenna.”

“I’m glad I’m not although I guess that you’d like to fuck them.”

“That Emma girl maybe but that Mary is too fat for me.”

I laughed then asked Blade if I could have an ice cream.


We joined the long queue with me remembering to keep my feet about shoulder width apart and we were soon joined by some boys who looked to be a bit older than me.

“Fucking hell.” I heard one of them say and guessed that he’s been looking at my butt and realised that there was no trace of any knickers.

“Turn around Jenna.” Blade whispered.

I did, tweaking my nipples as I did so, and was a little surprised to see that one of the boys was down on one knee fastening his trainer lace. Well that’s what his hands were doing, his eyes were now level with my pussy, my bare pussy. I shuffled my feet a little further apart and my nipples and clit went a little harder.

After about a minute during which I was talking to Blade about goodness knows what, the boy stood up and told his mate that his trainer lace was undone.

“What? Oh, ooh.” And he knelt down.

After a few seconds the queue moved a little and I turned around and stepped forward. Blade whispered,

“You’re a big tease Jenna.”

“I know, it’s fun. Are you going to spank me?” 

“Not here and not while you’re only wearing paint, I don’t want to risk spoiling it”

We got the ice creams and again the man serving stared at me.

Then we started walking around looking at everything that was on sale or being displayed. As we walked we met quite a few people that one of us knew. Everyone who did stop to talk to us spent most of the time staring at my tits, slit or clit. The girls from school saying how brave I was. 

It wasn’t long before we came across one of my teachers, Mr. James. He didn’t really see me until we were almost on top of each other and he spoke first whilst I just smiled.

“Jenna, that is you isn’t it? That’s quite some paint job that you’ve had but I think that they missed a bit, well 3 bits actually.”

“Yes I know, it looks good doesn’t it?”

“It isn’t as if I haven’t seen your bottom half before. The talk in the staff room tells me that all the teachers have seen your genitals, but you do seem to have grown a little lately.”

“I’m not any taller sir.”

“I wasn’t referring to your height Jenna. As for your top half, that’s quit a pair of breasts that you have there. You need to find a way to let all of the teachers see them.”

“Thank you sir, I’ll think about that.”

“Well good day Jenna, take care.”

I tweaked my nipples again, just in time for him to see what I was doing.

We all walked on and before long I saw another couple of boys from year 10. One of them was the first to speak.

“You’re one of those girls in year 9 who doesn’t wear knickers aren’t you?”

“Yes.”

“I see that you aren’t wearing any under that paint.”

“Correct, I’d look silly wearing knickers over the paint.”

“Very funny. You should wear just paint more often you look good in it, but next time you should paint your clit white so that it attracts people’s attention more.”

“Thank you.” I said just as the boys walked away.


“That kid had a point, I must remember that for next year.” Blade said.

I was happy because it meant that there was going to be a next year.


Then it was another teacher that I saw, Mr. Welburn who’s in his mid twenties and quite cute.

“Hi Mr. Welburn.” I said.

“Jenna? Wow, you look amazing, especially as they appear to have run out of paint before they finished you. Did you really dance around town like that?”

“Yes sir.”

“It’s a shame that you can’t dance around school like that, you really would brighten up the day.”

“Do you think that the head would let me into school like this?”

“Well I’ve heard that some schools let their students wear their sport team’s outfit occasionally and that is a sort of uniform, I’ve seen quite a few girls dressed like you. Well not quite like you and I wonder if they too would come to school in their paint, but you do have 3 unique features.” 

“Thank you sir.” I replied tweaking my nipples again and thanking Blade for leaving the vibrations on.

“So can I come to school like this tomorrow please sir.”

“As I said, you’ll have to ask the head, I can’t authorise it, but he is here somewhere, I saw him a few minutes ago. I hope that he says that you can it will be nice to see you like that in my classroom.”

“Thank you sir, I’ll go and look for him.”

We parted and I started looking. I did find 2 more girls from my class and they too were amazed about what I was walking about in. Then I saw the head teacher talking to another of the mail teachers.

I tweaked my nipples and walked up to them.

“Hi Mr. Andrews, nice day for it isn’t it?”

He turned to look at me, looked up and down me then said.

“Oh hello Jenna, you’re a regular at these events aren’t you, I remember seeing you here last year.”

“Yes sir, but this year I’m in the dancing girls team.”

“So I see, but your uniform is a bit different to the other girls ones.”

“Only in 3 places sir, I was wondering if it would be okay to come to school in my uniform tomorrow, a sort of promotional day to let the kids that didn’t come today see what they missed, a sort of ethnic minority promotion day.”

“Very community spirited Jenna, I don’t see why not, it will be educational for some of the children.”

“Thank you sir, I’ll look forward to it.”

Just then Blade turned the vibrations in my egg up to full and I started to cum. Fortunately Mr. Andrews started to walk away so he didn’t see my body start to shake.


When I was able I looked at Blade, smiled and said,

“You nearly blew it for me, if he’d seen me having an orgasm he sure as hell wouldn’t let me go to school like this tomorrow.”

“Only nearly so it doesn’t count, now lets get back to that marque to see if we can get some of that paint. As well as touching you up in the morning I fancy painting some clothes on you and taking you out somewhere sometime.”

 
Back at the marque there was still one woman there looking after things and Blade managed to talk her into giving him a bottle of each of the colours that were on my body. When we left there he told me that he was going home but I could stay if I wanted to. He obviously realised that I was enjoying myself and was happy to let me continue.

“See you back at the flat Jenna.” 

He said as he started to leave. He also turned the egg vibrator on to gentle vibrations just to keep me thinking about my pussy. How could I not be thinking about it, my slit, clit and nipples had been display for all to see, all of the day. 

I tweaked my nipples and headed back into the crowds hoping that someone would look closely at me.

 
I’d just had a chat with one boy from school who did notice my uncovered slit and nipples and made some crude remarks about them when I saw my mother and father walking towards me. I hadn’t seen much of them since I moved in with Blade and I wondered if they’d be pleased to see me.

“All my father said was,

“Bloody hell girl, what have you put on yourself. If we were back home I’d tan your ass.”

“Thanks dad, it’s nice to see that you still care about me. Hello mum, are you okay?”

“I’d get you brother to tan your ass as well, you deserve it plastering all that shit all over yourself.”

“Thanks mum, see you around maybe.”

I turned and walked away. I should have been disappointed, even upset, but I wasn’t. My love for my parents disappeared years ago.


It was as I was slowly walking in amongst the crowds that it hit me. To all intents and  purpose I was totally naked about a mile from home in the middle of the afternoon, surrounded by people with no way to cover myself and no money. I didn’t even have any shoes with me. I got nervous again.

Then I remembered the vibrating egg still shaking the insides of my pussy. I concentrated on that and started to feel a bit better but my feet and ankles were aching. I realised that I’d been on my feet for hours, I needed to rest my feet for a while so I looked towards the outskirts of the carnival and saw a grassy area in some trees, There were a few people there but plenty of space for me to sit for a while under the shade of one of the trees.

I went over and sat on the grass, hoping that I didn’t damage the paint job and make it more obvious that I only had paint on.

I stretched my legs out in front of me and leaned back putting my weight on my hands behind me. My feet felt relief instantly. I looked down to my feet and waggled my toes and ankles then looked up my legs and saw my slit with my clit sticking out. I smiled thinking about what that year 10 boy said about painting my clit white so that it attracted peoples eyes,

“Maybe I should do that for school tomorrow.” I thought.

I wondered what the lower part of my slit looked like, I had been leaking juices all day  and wondered if there were any stain marks there. I lifted my left leg and put it back down away from my right leg and leaned forward.

“Still looking good.” I thought, then my eyes moved up to my tits leaving my legs apart. The paint job still looked good and my nipples looked hard. Transferring my weight to just my left arm I user my right hand to tweak both nipples and pull gently on my barbells. I felt my nipples tingle.

I lay back slowly, hoping not to damage the paint on my back, then looked at my chest. It was obvious why people called my tits ‘little traffic cones’, even flat on my back they stood up proud on my chest just like traffic cones, absolutely no fleshy tissue going out from the base of them like it did on all the women that I’d noticed. It was like someone had just stuck the cones on my chest

I’d been enjoying my rest for a few minutes and was just starting to nod off when I heard a boys voice say,

“That is you Jenna isn’t it?”

I opened my eyes and saw 3 boys from my class.

“Oh hi Tommy, Aiden, Charlie.”

“Like your paint job Jenna,” Aiden said, “didn’t they have enough paint to finish the job?”

“I got them to leave those bits specially for you, I’ve been looking for you all day just so that I can show you what I got them to miss.”

“Yeah right, you just like people looking at your cunt like the other girls that go knickerless at school don’t you?” 

“You’re not complaining are you boys?”

“Fuck no. Can we fuck you?”

“No.”

“How come you don’t have any flaps sticking out of your slit like the other girls have?”

“No idea, they just never grew.”

“Made up for it in the clit department don’t you Jenna?” another one of them said.

I looked at my clit and felt it throbbing.

“Is yours as sensitive as the other girls that I’ve touched?”

“Yeah, the amount of sensitivity is based on the size of the clit.” I lied but they wouldn’t know that.

“So yours must be super sensitive?”

“It is, look at it throbbing.”

“Oh yeah.”

Maybe it was from where they were standing but I couldn’t see it throbbing.

“I might let you touch it one day and you’ll see what it does to me.”

“Does it make you cum?” Charlie said.

“I’ve seen a girl cum.” Aiden added but I ignored him.

“All orgasms are wonderful, they just vary in their intensity.”

“So if I were to touch your clit now,” Aiden asked, “how intense would your cum be?”

“I’d EXPLODE LIKE A BOMB.” I shouted, making all 3 of them jump back. “Now fuck off and let me rest for a while, I’m knackered.”

The 3 boys turned and walked away.


The chances of me nodding off had passed and my feet wet feeling a little better so I carefully got to my feet and walked back to the crowds which I noticed were thinning out.

After a minute or so I came across Mr. James again. 

“Still here Jenna, I thought that you’d have gone home and washed the paint off by now.”

“No sir, I bumped into Mr. Andrews earlier and he said that I can go to school like this tomorrow, something about an ethnic minority promotion day.”

“But you’re not part of the ethnic minority Jenna, you’re as white English as they come.”

“It’s the way I’m painted sir, very Caribbean, and an English girl getting painted in a Caribbean way shows support for them sir.”

“Hmm, I can see his point, and it will be good to see your 2 points tomorrow as well, Everyone will be a lot happier tomorrow with you dancing around like that.”

“Should I hang some tassels from these.” I said tweaking my nipples with my index fingers and thumbs. “Then there’ll be something bouncing about to add to the experience.”

“I think that that might be just a little too much Jenna, even though they don’t look like they will bounce about on their own.”

“They don’t sir, solid as a rock.” I replied shaking my chest and failing to get my tits to even wobble.

 “Very nice Jenna, well, I’d better get off. I look forward to seeing them again tomorrow.”

I smiled as he walked away, me thinking,

“He said see them tomorrow not see you tomorrow. Naughty man.”


A short while later I decided that I should be heading for home, I’d had an awesome day.


It’s one thing wearing just paint when other are doing the same or similar, and being in a place like a carnival where there are lots of exotic things, but being on the street away from those things is different.

I was starting to feel exposed and nervous and guessed that I’d feel lot worse if it wasn’t for the egg purring away inside me. And I didn’t have Blade nearby to protect me.

I had a mile to walk without a shred of clothing, not even shoes.

Cars were passing me and sounding their horns and people walking towards me were staring at me. I suddenly realised that my arousal was increasing and my nervousness was decreasing. I started holding my head up high and pushing my chest out. I was starting to feel good and enjoying the attention that I was getting.


I’d got just over half way home when I suddenly stopped walking and gasped, the egg vibrations had just got a lot stronger. I looked around to see if Blade was anywhere but I couldn’t see him. I struggled on for a couple of minutes then had to lean on a tree to stop me from collapsing as an orgasm hit me. I just hoped that no cars would stop to see if I needed any help.

As the waves receded I again looked around, no Blade but the vibrations got less intense. Taking a deep breath I hurried on hoping to get home before another orgasm hit me and someone did stop to help me.  

I turned the next corner and there was Blade ginning from ear to ear.

“You bastard, I started to think that someone would call an ambulance.”

“Careful girl, swearing at me will get you punished. There’s no spanking session tonight but you may well get double next week.”

“Sorry Blade.”

“Come on Jenna let’s get you home, you look tired but I don’t know how you’re going to sleep tonight to keep that paint job intact, maybe I should find somewhere where you can hang by your wrists or ankles all night.”

The thought of hanging by my wrists didn’t sound too bad but by my ankles? I’d have to try that sometime, but just for a short time.


Blade turned off my egg and we were just getting close to the building entrance when Thor came out.

“What the fuck?” He said.

“We’ve been to the carnival and I got her to go with the dancing girls.”

“Did they all forget to paint their tits and pussies?”

“Just Jenna.”

“Good for you mate her tits are developing quite nicely aren’t they? Hey, I’ve got an idea,” Thor said, “I was going to the pub later but I think that we should go now, then she can show her dancing skills to the people there. I’m sure that they’ll like looking up to her dancing on a table.”

I was still tired but I knew that I had to go to the pub with them. The good thing about it was that it sounded like I would be up on a table with people looking up at me undressed as I was.


When we got there I was surprised at the number of people there, the good weather must have made them thirsty and want to spend their benefits money at the pub.

I got a few funny looks as I walked in with the 2 men and I heard them both telling the customers where I had been all day, and yes, some of the customers did ask for me to show them what I had been doing, but first, Blade wanted me to have a bit of a rest.

“Thank you Blade.” I thought as he took me to a plastic chair and told me to spread my legs as I sat, and to sit on the front edge of the chair and lay back, telling me that he wanted me to have as little skin in contact with the chair as possible.

I relaxed and looked down my body. The paint job looked good, and so did the front of my slit and my clit. I couldn’t see it but I knew that my pussy was spread and on display. Neither Thor or Blade looked concerned so I wasn’t.

Blade went and got the drinks, cola for me, and some sandwiches which didn’t look very appetising but at least they were food, it seemed an eternity since I’d had the burger and ice cream and my stomach rumbling agreed with me.  

We sat eating and drinking, and Thor and Blade answering questions from the half a dozen or so people, including one girl, who came to ask what the paint job was all about, and, of course, to have a good look at me. 

There were so many requests for photos that I wondered if Thor would start charging for each photo, and I bet that all the photos taken included my spread pussy.

Food in the place that it was intended to be, along with the first round of drinks, and me feeling a lot better, even my feet, Blade carefully lifted me to my feet and sent to to get some more drinks.
 
I didn’t have to wait long and when the barman came over and took the order. As he was getting them he said,

“So did you enjoy yourself today?”

“Yes thank you.”

“You like exposing yourself like that then?”

“I guess that I do.”

“Well if you ever want a job as a topless or nude barmaid you come to me first. Those tits will pull the punters in quicker than I can pull the pints.”

I felt proud that people liked my little tits.

“So are you going to get up on a table and dance for us?”

“You want me to?”

“Hell yes, and if you get all excited and want to jill off please feel free to do so, no one in here will mind, hell. They’d probably give you money to see that.”

I smiled and wondered if Blade would let me.

“I’ll ask Blade what he wants.” I replied as I handed him the money.

“Keep it love, you’re worth every penny.”

I smiled again and took the drinks to Thor and Blade.


After I’d put the drinks on the table Blade told me to turn my back to him and he checked the paint job.”

“All good, that paint must be tougher than I thought. What were you talking about with the barman?”

“He wants me to dance on a table then work for him as a topless or naked barmaid.”

“Well you can do the first part straight away, but the other 2, they may have to wait for a while until you have some spare time, I don’t want your school work to suffer.”

“Maybe I could work here over the school holidays, and I assume that I’d have to be a naked barmaid, not just topless?”

“Correct girl, I’ll talk to him when you’re up an a table. Are you ready?”

“Yes sir.”

Blade took me over to see the barman who put some music on, then the 2 of them went and found a sturdy table that they moved to the centre of the room then helped me up on to it.

I swayed from side to side until I relaxed and danced like I used to do in front of my mirror when I lived with my loser parents.

When anyone came over and stood in front of me I squat down with my knees wide open so that they could get a good look at my pussy and a closer look at my tits, all whilst swaying from side to side, sometimes holding my hands over my pussy to tease them before pulling them away and letting them have a longer look.

Sometimes a guy would get his phone out to take a photograph so I’d smile even more until he put it away.

I was slightly intrigued by the number of girls who came for a look as well, I guessed that they wanted to compare mine to theirs although I guessed that their pussies would have flaps making them look not so nice as mine.

After about 30 minutes the barman came over with a cola bottle for me to drink the contents and I wondered if he wanted me to fuck myself with it. I soo wanted to but I didn’t.

I must have been up there for going on for a couple of hours and squat down for about 25 people before Blade came over and helped me down. As we walked back to Thor Blade said,

“I thought that I’d betted come and get you before you fell off, you look knackered and I didn’t want you to damage the paint.”

“You’re right Blade, can we go home now, I need some sleep.”

As we walked out I heard the barman say,

“Anytime you want love, with or without the paint.”


Back at the flat I tried to do what I had to do without rubbing the paint and Blade decided that the best way to sleep was spread eagled on the bed, on my back with my ankles and wrists tied to the 4 corners of the bed, and no cover. Blade saying that I couldn’t keep rolling over if I was tied like that. 

That made some sense to me and I was asleep before both my ankles were tied.


I woke to the feeling of Blade finger fucking me. He was knelt between my legs.

“I can’t even give you a blowjob like this.” I said a short while later.

“Don’t worry Jenna, you’ll make up for it tonight.” 

We slowly got me up and into the bathroom where I did what I could and had to do and left the rest. Then Blade checked the paint job from head to toe and was pleased to tell me that there was only a couple of places where it had come off and that he could easily repair the damage.

I ate my breakfast as he worked, and he told me that it was no vibrators for me that day, which disappointed me but I could understand why, I’d have more than enough to contend with for most of the day. I was and was not pleased that I didn’t have PE that day.


Brave decided to walk me to school, probably to watch the reaction from the parents who were taking their little angels to school, and to listen to the comments that I was bound to, and did, get. Quite a cross section really, although it was obvious that some of the parents, then kids, hadn’t had a good look below my waist and maybe thought that I was wearing some sort of weird, conical bra.

In the playground it was the older boys that were interested in me and as soon as one of them realised what they could see they all wanted to see. I sort of got ‘rescued’ by the bell telling everyone that it was time for the Monday morning assembly. 

These are just a platform for Mr. James to make any announcements that are necessary and everyone crowds into the hall for 10 or 15 minutes before normal school starts. He sometimes drones on about events in the community so I wasn’t surprised when he started going on about the Caribbean Parade and Carnival.

Then he went on to say that he was very pleased that at least one student had really shown her support for cultural diversity by joining in with the street dancing to the extent of getting dressed up in the spirit of the event.

It was about then that I realised that he was talking about me, and I was both pleased and embarrassed when he called on me to go up onto the stage to let everyone see my dance outfit.

As I climbed up the steps onto the stage I saw the other teachers lined up and looking at me. Just about all of them were smiling and I guessed that they had seen where I wasn’t painted.

Mr. James started going on about how creative and colourful the Caribbean costumes were and that more native English people should embrace the different cultures.

All the time I was stood at the front of the stage next to Mr. James looking down at the sniggering faces of the kids at the front who were looking up at my pussy, which by that time was tingling something wicked and quite wet.

Eventually Mr. James finished going on and everyone was dismissed.

Mr. Andrew came over to me and asked me how I was. I told him that I was okay and I asked if Mr. James normally exposed his students like that.

“Hell no, he needs to go to an opticians, yesterday he wouldn’t have been able to focus on you too well and I bet that he thought you were wearing some sort of conical bra and a flesh coloured bikini bottoms.”

“What about the other teachers?”

“Not one of them will give a damn about what you’re showing. I assume that you’ve been flashing your pussy to them like you and a lot of the other girls do to me, and has any of the teachers complained?”

“No sir, not that I know of.”

“That’s because they don’t give a damn, it would cause too much hassle for them.”

“So I could come to school naked every day sir?”

“That would be going too far Jenna, I’m sure that Mr. James would pick up on that. Shame though, I’m sure that a lot of the teachers would like to see you naked every day.”

“Thank you sir.”

“Off you go to your home room Jenna.”

 
Apart from the obvious, it was a normal Monday. Yes I got lots of comments about my tits and pussy, and yes a lot of the older boys tried to hit on me, and I even got a few complimentary remarks about the paint job, and yes, my pussy was very wet all day to the extent that I found it hard to concentrate on my school work but I made it to the end of the day without being raped or even groped. 

As I walked out of the school I thought about me being naked in school every day and wondered when Mr. James was going to retire and who would take over from him. I hoped that it would be Mr. Andrews.

Blade wasn’t waiting for me at the school gates and I walked back to the flat with a few older boys still trying to hit on me, although some did disappear when I told them that I was living with Blade and that Thor was my friend.


Blade took me to the shower as soon as I entered the flat and we didn’t get out of the bathroom until all the paint was off me and he’d fucked me twice and made me cum 4 times.

I made us some tea then we went to bed where Blade tied my wrists to the top corners of the bed and fucked me some more.

***

Soon after I moved in with Blade he started putting all sorts of object in my pussy. He says that it’s to exercise my muscles even though he has explained to me what kegel exercise are and told me to do them for at least an hour each day. He wants my pussy to be able to take anything, but at the same time feel tight when he sticks his cock inside me.

Some of the larger objects that he’s put inside me include: -

A tennis ball.

A soft drinks can (full) –  after he’d got that in, base first, he got me to squeeze it out then he shook it, turned it around, pushed back in, then the second it came out he shook it then pulled the ring on it and the cola shot inside me. That was another strange feeling for me.

A frozen bottle (small) of water – Wow was that chilling experience.

An apple

His fist

An orange

A small rugby ball – 15cm long - This one scared me but Blade was patient and he managed to get it all the way in. Jeez did I feel full. 


I’ve got used to taking quite a lot inside me but Blade tells me that there are a lot of women who can take one hell of a lot more than me.

***

Sometimes when one or more of Blade’s mates came around they’d have a girl with them. Sometimes I’d know her as a member of our gang, sometimes not. Each time though, the other girl and I had to put on a show for the guys. By a show I mean me stripping the girl, always just a dress or skirt and top, then eat each other’s pussy until one of us orgasmed.

The first time that I did it I hadn’t s clue what to do. Then I thought back to the times That Blade had gone down on me and I trued to do the same to the girl. I think that I’m getting quite good at eating girls now because I always manage to make them cum, and when they make me cum it’s so nice.

If Blade’s mates came round without a girl one of them would always say,

“Come on Jade, rub one out for the boys.”

And I’d masturbate to an orgasm for them, sometimes two if they told me to.

***

One thing that I haven’t mentioned so far is the weekly bukkake meetings. A couple a weeks after my initiation Blade told me that we were going out one Thursday evening. He told me to get a dress but not put it on and he led me to the next block of flats and up to a third floor flat. I was quite nervous walking about outside totally naked the first couple of times but Blade was with me to protect me and I soon got used to being naked outside around the blocks of flats.. 

A few boys that hang out at the little kids playground see me sometimes but they also saw that I was with Blade so all they did was look.

At the flat we went in and I was surprised to see 7 of the older boy members there. They’d all seen me naked before, in fact they’d all fucked me, so I wasn’t embarrassed or nervous, the worst that they could do was gang-bang me again. 

In the kitchen I saw a plastic sheet on the floor and wondered if they were all going to piss on me or kill me and chop me up.

“Have you heard of a bukkake Jenna?” Thor asked.

“No sir.”

“Well it’s when a girl gets naked and down on the floor and a bunch of men shoot their loads all over the girl. Often with the girl helping them to cum with her hands or her mouth.”

“That sounds fun.”

“I’m glad that you think that because tonight is your lucky night. Get on your knees on the sheet.”

I did, and watched as all 8 of the guys stripped off. I’d never seen so many cocks at once and my pussy was gushing. They all moved close to me in a circle and started wanking. 

As soon as I’d absorbed the wonderful sight I reached out with my hands and touched  2 of the cocks.

Two cocks at once and I was definitely feeling good. With some of the clear liquid from the end of both cocks I took over from the owners and started wanking them.

One guy pushed my hand away and took over from me saying that he was cumming. Just as he started to squirt he grabbed my hair and pulled me to him so that his load went all over my face.

“Open your mouth next time Jenna.” I heard Thor say.

I opened my mouth and used my tongue to get what cum I could and took it in to my mouth, smiling at the taste.

With my spare hand I took some more cum off my face and spread it on the budding, small lumps on my chest wondering if what the girls at school had said was true, that men’s cum made a girl’s tit grow.

And so it went on with all 8 guys coming on me at least once, a couple of them maybe 3 times. Some of the guys on my face and rubbed their cum all over my face the their bell ends. That was a nice feeling.

At the end I was left with so much cum on me that it was running down as far as my slit, which by then was aching for some attention.

“Lay back and make yourself cum girl.” Thor said.

I quickly did, saying,

“Yes sir, thank you sir.”

I felt really, really good laying there with male cum spread from my hair to my pussy and me frantically rubbing my clit so that they could watch me cum. It was an intense orgasm.

Then I’d have to walk back to Blade’s flat, with him, with the male cum all over me. I’ve only been seen a couple of times and each time, all the man did was smile.


That has been repeated every Thursday since then, and in 8 different flats and I had to walk there and back totally naked, the return journey again with the guy’s cum all over me.

The only slight difference some of the times was that the flat owner’s girl was there. On those occasions the girl would strip naked and enjoy the experience as well. 
 
***

Twice since that first time that Blade took me to the sex shop he has taken me back there and each time he has sent me to narrow little room at the back of the shop and told me to wait. Just like my first time there I was told to strip naked as soon as I walked through the shop door and was still like that when I went into the little room.

It’s a funny room with nothing in there and 2 holes in the walls, one on each side wall. I knew exactly what the holes were for when I saw a hard cock sticking through one of them. I smiled and got on my knees in front of it and started sucking.

I was just getting into it when I heard a knocking on the opposite wall. I took a quick break and turned my head. When I saw another cock with a condom on it I knew what was expected of me.

I soon had a cock fucking my pussy and another one fucking my mouth. 

When we finally left after I’d had 3 lots of male cum go down my throat and an unknown number of cocks in my pussy. One of them might have been Blade’s, but I didn’t ask him. I was actually glad to be standing up straight.

On the way home Blade told me that the holes in the walls were called Glory Holes and that I’d find them in a lot of men’s toilet around the area.

“You’re not wanting me to go into the smelly men’s toilets, give blowjobs and get fucked are you?”

“No Jenna, I would never do that to you, I hate those places as well.”

I was relieved as it would have been one of my red lines. 


We did go back to the sex shop one more time and the same thing happened again. I hope that he takes me again.

***

During my naked (apart from paint) day at school I heard rumours that the PE teachers had abandoned organised sports and were letting the kids do whatever sport they wanted unsupervised, not that there was much choice. There was only 3 weeks left until the school shutdown for the summer break and it looked like they’d decided to shutdown their jobs early. What I also heard was that they’d setup the obstacle course in the gym so that the kids could have some fun whilst exercising, especially when it was raining.

This didn’t sound right to me and I had other things on my mind at that time but what I did do was cut a big strip off the bottom of my PE T-shirt before I left for school that Tuesday morning. After having my painted tits on display all of the Monday I decided that, with a bit of help, they were going to stand a huge chance of getting displayed during PE. 

The T-shirt was a baggy one that I’d got out of the lost and found and I was sure that I’d find something to replace it in the same basket if need be. However, I miscalculated how much to cut off and I was left with a T-shirt that ended right on my nipples. All I had to do was lift my arms a little bit and it rode up over my nipples and was reluctant to slide down again because of my nipples and barbells.

And that’s before I did any PE exercise. I giggled as I put it in my PE bag ready for my exposure.  


Anyway, the rumours were still going strong in the playground that Tuesday morning and I had PE later that day. I decided that I’d do the obstacle course and see who I could flash.

When I got to the girls changing room there wasn’t a teacher to be seen but there was a notice on the board telling us that our options were football, netball, both on the playground, or the obstacle course in the gym. I looked into the teachers office office and into the gym and couldn’t see a teacher anywhere. 

Thinking that I could have a bit of fun, I walked out of the girls changing room and into the boys changing room. I went straight to the benches in the middle of the room, dropped my bag and took my dress off, I was naked apart from my shoes.

By then some of the boys were silent, some were cheering, some were still in their street clothes, some in their PE kit and some in the middle of changing.

I stopped, turned to face the majority of the boys, spread my feet a little, put my hands on my hips and said, 

“What! You all saw me naked yesterday so what’s the problem?”

“But, but,” one wimpy boy said, “I’m getting changed, you might see my, my”

“Your cock! Sorry mate but I forgot my magnifying glass.”

That got some more laughs and cheers.

“Get over it, you’ve seen mine so you show me yours.”

More cheers.

I pulled on my baggy, very short T-shirt on, stepped into my PE skirt, rolled the top so that my slit was totally visible and started to go to the gym, saying,

“Jeez, and they say that it takes girls a long time to get changed.”

In the gym I saw a girl was already going round the course.  

“I hope that a lot of boys come in here.” I thought as I walked over to the group of girls standing where the course started.

“Did you get changed in the boys changing room Jenna?” One girl asked.

“Yeah, I thought that I’d embarrass them and give them a treat, it isn’t as if they didn’t see me naked yesterday.”

“But you were wearing paint yesterday.”

“Yes, but not on my pussy or these.” I replied pulling up my T-shirt and tweaking my nipples.

Just then a boy appeared alongside me and said,

“Can I do that?”

“Go on then.” I replied.

He surprised me and did tweak my nipples. Just to wind him up a bit I moaned and told him that it was nice.

“I like the piercings.” The boy said removing his hands, my T-shirt getting stuck on my barbells leaving my nipples exposed.

“You’re going to do the obstacle course like that?” One of the girls asked.

“Yes, why?”

“But your nipples are exposed and that skirt is so short that everyone can already see your slit.”

“And they’ll probably see more of me as I go round the course but it will still be less than they saw yesterday.”

“You were covered in paint so they couldn’t see most of you.”

“But they did see my tits and slit so what’s the difference? Besides all the boys have just seen all of me in the changing rooms.”

“You may as well take those off and run around totally naked then.” The boy said.

“I may just do that, it depends on if a teacher turns up.”

“I’m sure that all the boys will crowd around you to shield you from a teacher.” 

“I’m sure that you would, and while you were doing that you’d all grope me as well.”

“You’d like that wouldn’t you Jenna?”

I didn’t answer him but he was right, I would like that. Maybe they’d get their chance if a teacher hasn’t arrived by the time the lesson is over. I could let them search me for any traces of paint that Blade may have missed.


Anyway, there was no one near the start of the obstacle course so I turned and went and started it. Yes, the T-shirt did what I hoped it would and my tits were on display as I walked along an upturned bench. Then, as I was jumping over the first hurdle I misjudged it, kicked it and went flying into the second hurdle. When I got up I somehow managed to catch the T-shirt on the hurdle and I heard and felt it rip. The seam on one shoulder had ripped open making the neck hole a lot larger. As I ran to the next challenge the T-shirt slid off my shoulder and got in the way of my arm moving.

“Sod this.” I thought and took the rest of the T-shirt off and threw it to the side of the gym, leaving me topless and wearing only a skirt that was way too short.

“Well that happened quicker than I planned.” I thought as I quickly stepped into the row of car tyres.

There was another couple of challenges then it was the climbing of the rope. I have always had strong arms for a girl my size and climbing the rope was easy except that when got up I somehow mange to rub the rope against my chest. Not a problem when I’ve got a T-shirt on but topless my nipples were getting rubbed against the thick hessian rope and it felt nice, but not as nice as when my bare pussy rubbed against the rope going down.

I was two thirds of the way down when an orgasm hit me and I clung to the rope pressing it against my pussy until I regained my composure and lowered myself the rest of the way.  

I saw two of the bigger boys walking over and I guessed that they were there to catch anyone who lost their grip on the rope. It was one of the teachers who first suggested the boys be there and there has always been volunteers to do that job, especially if they knew that there would be some knickerless girls climbing the rope and there are at least 3 others in my class in that gym at that time.

The next interesting obstacle was the trampoline, you had to climb on then bounce up and down until you can touch the rope that was dangling from the ceiling, For some reason the girls liked spreading their legs wide when they bounced up. And all the knickerless girls in my class did that.

Then it was walking on your hands and feet backwards, but with your front facing the ceiling. Most of the kids found that difficult and gave everyone a laugh. 

Then it was 10 jumping jacks followed by skipping for 10 skips of the rope.

Finally it was walking to the finishing line on your hands and the finishing line was next to the starting line so a lot of people got to see the pussies of the knickerless girls in skirts, me included.

I got round in a reasonable time which was better than most of the kids usually do.   

It was the knickerless that got the most exercise as the boys were encouraging them to have another go and going to the ropes to cheer them as they climbed up and slid down, usually having an orgasm in the process.

It’s funny how all the knickerless like the boys to watch them when they cum.

It was on my second go at the course that I decided to loose the skirt and just before I started I slid it down and off. There was cheers from the boys and smiles from the girls as I set off. With most of the boys running alongside me hoping to see my tits wobble (no chance). They also stood at the bottom of the rope that I climbed, getting a good look up at my pussy and then seeing me cum as I slid down. And later when I was walking on my hands (legs spread) they were there as well.

I took a bit longer on that circuit, possibly because the orgasm that I had on the rope was more intense because of all the boys looking at me.


I’m sure that some of the boys there didn’t have a go at all and just spent their time looking at the knickerless girls showing off their goodies, although none of them got naked like I did.


When the bell rang we had 10 minutes to get showered and changed and I followed the boys into their changing room after I’d picked up my skirt and ripped T-shirt. As I I grabbed my soap and shampoo I noticed a small number of boys getting dressed with their backs to me and guessed that they were the ones who complained about me being there at the start of the lesson and were too shy to be seen naked by a girl. I wasn’t worried about them telling a teacher that I was there because no one snitches around where I live. 

Then I went to the showers where some of the boys already were. Some were trying to hide their cocks but a couple of them were hard and their owners were not too shy to point them towards me.

Of course, at that age their cocks weren’t as big as Blades. One of the hard cocks belonged to a boy called Liam, he’s always been nice to me and his comments about seeing my pussy have always been complimentary, so I went and stood next to him and asked him if he’d shampoo my hair for me.

He did, with him stood right in front of me, his hard cock sometimes touching my stomach as he rubbed the shampoo into my hair and then helped me rinse off.

As we left the shower to get dried I whispered to Liam,

“I’ll wank you next time.”


These was a next time, in fact 5 more next times and on each of the 5 occasions I wanked Liam and the last 3 times while he was shampooing me with one hand his other hand’s were fingering me. Each time he made me cum, usually as he shot his little load all over my stomach. 

When I told Blade about it all he did was laugh and ask me if I’d enjoyed myself.


On my last PE lesson of the year we were all in the gym and I was doing PE naked – again. Mr. Andrews came in just as one of the knickerless girls was walking on her hands to finish the course. Everything went silent but the knickerless girl hadn’t seen the Mr. Andrews and was still walking on her hands, her skirt inverted and her spread pussy on display for all to see. When she crossed the line and got to her feet she saw where everyone was looking and said,

“Sorry Mr. Andrews, I didn’t realise that you were here.”

“That’s okay Mary, you weren’t showing anything that I haven’t seen lots of times before.”

Mary blushed, knowing that Mr. Andrews had just told everyone that she’d been flashing her pussy to him during lessons. He looked at me and said,

“Why am I not surprised Jenna, still, no harm done, unless your pregnant.”

“No, no sir I haven’t had sex with anyone.”

“I’m pleased to hear that Jenna, you’re far too young to be having sex.”

“But not too young to to be naked in school sir.”

“That all depends on who you ask Jenna, just keep it in here please.”

“Yes sir.”

“And I have to say Jenna that you look just as good without the paint as you do with.”

“Thank you sir.”

I gave Liam his last wank in the showers with all the other boys watching.

***

School finished for the summer and I went back to Blade’s place wondering what Blade had planned for me over the summer, maybe he’d have me working at the pub as a nude barmaid?

 