
Exhibitionsim with husbands friend
By Jeevan <jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

Hi Jeevan 

After a long time i am writing to you. Some time back i had done 
exhibitionism with your help to vegetable vendor, servant and my father in 
law. After that me and my husband thought let us slow down a bit and i 
have been fucked by my father in law and then he is now gone to his other 
son who is in usa. So we thought why not start the fun again. 

As per your advice we thought why not try my husband's friends. So i 
started attending my husband's friends parties which before only my 
husband used to go. 

Some time back we were invited for a party of my husband Rahul who is a 
widower and living alone. I dressed up in semi transparent black silk 
saree with semi transparent silk black blouse with a red bra which is of 
lace type. Then i wore a maroon lipstick and i wore it low hip 
revealing my deep navel and wore a high heels and went along with my husband. 
On the way i wrapped my saree so my navel and low cut blouse is not 
visible to others. 

We entered rahul's farm house and we were welcomed by rahul who is 5.10 
wheatish complexion and medium built body. My husband said i can have 
fun but he told me to be careful with guys who have come along with 
wifes because first i need to build a rapo with their wifes before starting 
with their husbands. 


That is the reason i have covered myself not to show off much. Then i 
got introuduced to the people in the party. There were one more couple 
and one guy who were all my husband's friends only. The guy who had come 
alone was santosh and it seems his wife is at her parent's place. The 
other is dhananjay and ragheswari and they said hello to us too. 
Ragheswari was wearing a neat decent not exposing salwar. So i thought i 
should not do anything now. Then the servant of rahul came and he was 
introuduced to us as rajeev. My husband and his friends know about him. only 
me and ragheswari was not aware. He served drinks to all the people. I 
went for a small gin with lemon and ragheswari went for a beer. We were 
chatting about various things and drinking and having bit of snacks. 

We all were taking some general issues. After some time dhananjay and 
ragheswari said they need to go since they need to look at their 
parents. Rahul insisted on they have food and go but they said we will have to 
go and went off. Then my husband started talking to santosh on some of 
the company matter since they have worked in the past too. It was 
getting chilly by the air conditioning and i told rahul it is bit cold and 
rahul then looked at my empty glass and said why not fill it up to warm 
you. I smiled and agreed. 

Then rahul said to me this is ur first visit to my house so why not i 
show you the house. I agreed and before going told my husband and he 
gave a meaningful look. I smiled and went with him. 

Now from the hall he took me inside to the bedroom and while going i 
just loosened myself a little and after seeing the bedroom i asked him i 
need to go to the toilet and he showed me the toilet and then in the 
toilet i made my saree loosened and put it on below navel and i just 
touched my makeup and then i came out and i found rahul in the kitchen 
checking up what rajeev is cooking. He saw that i have tied my saree below 
navel and looked at my navel for a moment and smiled at me. He asked me 
whether i would like to go up and see the rooms there and the terrace. 
It was raining outside which i could see from the kitchen window. He 
said it is not much of rain it is drizzling and then we were discussing 
about rain. 

Then we went up and he was saying i heard a lot about u from your 
husband. Rahul said your husband says you are an excellent cook. one day i 
should eat your cooking. We were going up on the stairs and i as if 
accidental just slipped on one of the steps and he got hold of me from 
back. I felt his strong hands on my waist. He was holding my waist untill i 
wore my high heels. He didnot say anything. Then we went up and he 
switched on the dim lights and were showing the place and telling about it. 
While moving around he said my husband is lucky to have a wife like me 
good looking and sexy. I smiled at him. He was looking at my breasts in 
the dim lights. While moving his hands as if accidental touched my ass. 

Then we went to the terrace where he had a small nursery type. I was 
looking at the flowers in the night and it was raining too and since i 
was wearing a semi transparent saree and blouse i was becoming wetter. He 
asked me to take an umbrella and i told him that i like to get drenched 
in small rain like that. He said i will call santosh and rajesh also up 
if u like it. i said sure. he went down and called the guys and after 
some time my husband came up and said that santosh wants to go home and 
it seems rahul had picked him up while coming from city and he said he 
will go and drop him and come and told me to enjoy. Then i told rahul i 
will go down and he gave me some more gin to drink and i was becoming 
light headed. 

Rahul said he will make a phone call and come and he went inside and 
told rajeev to fill my glass and get some snacks. Rajeev is also a dark 
guy good decent natured guy and was very polite. Now i told rajeev i 
will come to kitchen and pick up the snacks i need and i went there and i 
was showing my wet navel to him. While cooking he was looking at my 
deep navel and licking his lips. Then i dropped my glass as if 
accidentally and then said oh it has slipped and bent down to pick up the glass 
and i was showing my wet cleavage a lot to rajeev. I let my paloo also 
down and rajeev was looking at my milky white tits which has formed the 
cleavage and cleaning the glass pieces. 

Rahul came and saw that my paloo was down and he also had quite a look 
at my milky white big cleavage and he saw that rajeev also looking and 
he just smiled at rajeev. Then i said i will go to the terrace again 
and rahul told rajeev to bring the glass and snacks there to the terrace. 
Rahul was also taking drinks. Now while going he rubbed my ass again as 
if wantedly and i didnot say anything. He said after my wife you are 
the other female who is sexiest. If rajesh would not have married i would 
love to marry you. I smiled andlicked my lips noisely.we were standing 
near the railing in the terrace and put a small table and watching the 
view and having a nice air. it was dark and rahul was standing close to 
me and we were just drinking. The rain was very little so we both were 
standing there and enjoying the wet air. I could see that both rahul 
and rajeev were visibly excited by my show of my milky white cleavage. 
Rahul and rajeev's relationship seemed to be of friends rather than 
servant and master. I felt rahul's hand coming near my thighs and i was 
getting excited too. He touched my thighs and i didnot say anything and he 
started going for my ass globes. He got bold and since we both had been 
drinking the initial inhibitions were not there. He was saying that 
your husband will take some time to come. Then he slowly started rubbing 
my ass and now squeezing it. I didnot say anything. He was fully aroused 
and he came behind me and asked how is ur husband. is he good. I 
understood what sense he was asking and said he is good. 

he is now very close to me and squeezing my ass on one hand and asked 
me whether i like it. I said i like it. He said do u like me to do more. 
I looked at him and smiled. While he was rubbing my ass rajeev came up 
and put the snacks on the table near by and he smiled at me and went 
down. It was a new experience of being rubbed in the terrace. He then 
came behind me and hugged me and i could feel his thick erect cock on my 
ass. He cupped my tits from behind and squeezed it. he was licking my 
earlobes and saying u are sexy female. He now unbuttoned my blouse but 
didnot remove it and put his hand inside my bra and scooped my tits out 
and started rubbing my nipples. It was an exciting experience of waiting 
for my husband and being fingered by my husband's friend that too on 
the terrace. I started moaning. 

My nipples were rock hard from the arousal and the wet wind blowing. He 
said we will go down if your husband comes it would be embarrasing. i 
said sure. While going down he was mauling my tits a lot and he kissed 
me heavily on the steps and squeezed my ass. We went down and i covered 
my opened blouse by the paloo and not buttoning the blouse. He then 
called rajeev and since there was no reply we both went to the kitchen and 
didnot see rajeev there so we poured more drinks there and rahul was 
very excited and he started kissing me again there in the kitchen itself. 
He was rubbing my ass and i was enjoying his foreplay. He was teasing 
my nipples through the saree which covered my tits and started licking 
my nipples. I was moaning heavily and i felt his cock. He then unzipped 
his trouser and got his cock out and i got hold of his thick and large 
cock of 8 inches. It was dark thick and red veins were bursting in the 
top of the cock. I was rubbing it and he said why dont u suck it. I 
went down on my knees and he started teasing his cock on my nipples. He 
was slapping his cock on my nipples and i was moaning. Then i slowly took 
his cock on my mouth and he groaned heavily. I was sucking the 
undersides and slurping it. He said it is good to watch a fair complexioned 
lipstick covered mouth to suck on his cock. 

When i was sucking his cock rajeev came and was stunned by what was 
going on. He looked at rahul and asked what boss you want to lay this wife 
of rajesh. Rahul said see her lovely tits rajeev you would love that. I 
was sucking and wondering whether they have been waiting for me to make 
a move. Now rajeev came behind me and cupped my tits and started 
squeezing it while i was sucking rahul. It was the first time i was being 
handled by two guys and i was dripping a lot. 

When i was sucking rahul heavily we heard the sound of the car and 
rahul said your husband is coming rashmi. Dont tell him what we did to u 
otherwise our friendship may break and it may not be good for both of us 
and we cannot continue anything later. I said dont worry next time we 
will have more fun and they zipped their pants and i started dressing up 
in proper manner. 

When i got dressed up i could hear the bell on the door and i went and 
sat near the tv while my husband walked in. He could see that my 
lipstick was not proper and my sindoor was all not proper and understood guys 
have fiddled with her. We have decided before itself that not to show 
off that we both are will for sex in the first place itself and then we 
sat in the kitchen table and we were having dinner while rahul was 
rubbing my legs below the table. 

Now both guys finished the dinner and went to the front hall and i was 
last to finish and i went to the toilet to wash my hands and while 
washing my hands rajeev came behind and squeezed my ass and tits and said 
we would love to fuck you. I smiled at him and said we will now come 
frequently and went to the hall. 

Then we said goodbye to rahul and went out. On the way my husband asked 
me and he was visibly erect after hearing what i did with both the 
guys. He told me that my fetish for servants will also be fulfilled with 
rajeev and he said next time we will try more and we made a stop in the 
middle and had a quick fuck and proceeded to our house. 

Jeevan, you can alter this and publish it. I will write more to you 
latter.You can also put my email id so i can recieve response from your 
fans. 

Bye for now 

Rashmi 
 
