Keywords: FF, cons
Part: Chapter 96
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance

Chapter 96

    

          Not until a week later did Laura run into Rhonda.  It was at a 
    meeting where Rhonda was giving a presentation, and thus had to be 
    on her best behavior.  She smiled graciously, with an undercurrent 
    of catty hatred, at Laura, and otherwise treated her with aloof 
    contempt.

          But Laura had the chance to watch her in action, and she was 
    able to see what Rhonda had that won over girls like Barbara and 
    Yvette.  For one thing, she was stunning, a fact Laura had always 
    tried to deny but no longer could.  Rhonda was fairly tall, and 
    blonde, with the kind of golden hair most blondes could only dream 
    of.  Her skin too was not pale and translucent but rich, smooth, and 
    golden.  She had burning green eyes, and her figure was a killer: 
    tiny waist, breasts that were not too large but clearly firm and 
    out-jutting, legs almost the equal of Yvette's, also smooth and 
    tawny.

          For another, she was very smart, and quick, and ready to 
    praise others to get her way, a useful technique, Laura realized, 
    when you were trying to get a reluctant girl into bed.  She realized 
    that had they both not preferred sleeping with pretty young black 
    women, they would probably be sleeping with each other.  It was a 
    hard realization, and she swallowed hard after it.

          But Rhonda seemed to realize something similar.  She came up 
    to Laura after the meeting, smiling a trifle more warmly, less 
    hypocritically.

          "Why don't we go get a drink together and try to bury the 
    hatchet?" she said to Laura.

          Laura shrugged.  "Okay."

          But if you think I'll forgive you for fucking Yvette, and for 
    trying to fuck Sholandra and Karen, forget it, honey, she thought.  
    I'd rather bury the hatchet in that furry blonde pussy of yours.

          Still, Laura smiled sweetly and they went to a hotel bar 
    nearby.  The looks they got were astonishing, two perfectly stunning 
    women, dressed to the nines, drinking together in a dark corner.

          "So . . . how long have you been screwing Yvette?" Rhonda 
    asked brusquely, lighting up a cigarette.

          "What a question," Laura glared.  "What a way to put it.  
    She's a friend.  We've been friends for almost two years."

          "That long.  She must have been getting bored.  I've been 
    screwing her for six months, at least."

          "Maybe we shouldn't have done this after all," Laura said 
    icily.

          Rhonda put a hand on Laura's.  "I'm sorry."  There even 
    appeared to be a flash of genuine pain in her eyes, quickly replaced 
    by a hard glaze.  "I . . . sometimes I lose my temper.  Seeing you 
    with her like that . . . in my office . . . it really hurt me."

          "I imagine it did.  It would've killed me."

          "Then you know how I feel."

          "Yvette is . . . reckless.  You and I are . . . vulnerable."

          Don't I know it, Laura thought.

          Rhonda's fingers moved over the back of Laura's hand, in a 
    sort of nervous caress.  Laura was startled, but didn't move her 
    hand.

          "Did anyone ever tell you that you look like Stephanie 
    Seymour?" Rhonda asked.

          "A few people," Laura grinned.

          "Except you're more beautiful."

          "No, I don't think so."

          "She has a flaw."

          "Oh?  What would that be?"

          "Her navel.  It's an outie."

          "I never noticed."

          "Is yours an outie or an innie?"

          "Rhonda . . . it's such a personal question."

          Rhonda's eyes burned into Laura's, and for the first time 
    Laura realized that sex was a very real possibility.  This was 
    bothersome because she still didn't think of herself as a lesbian.  
    I just happen to love beautiful black women, she thought.  Not 
    blonde women, not all women.  

          She wondered if Rhonda was thinking the same thing about 
    herself.  Rhonda grinned boldly.

          "Mine's an innie.  I don't mind telling you.  It's actually a 
    hall-of-fame innie."

          Laura was afraid she was blushing.  It seemed so intimate to 
    be talking about their navels.  

          "How nice for you," she said to Rhonda, feeling this was a 
    very bizarre conversation.

          "I'm very jealous of you," Rhonda said.  "For screwing Yvette.  
    And I'll bet you're screwing Sholandra Mason too, aren't you."

          Laura smiled sweetly.  This was a chance to truly rub it in, 
    if she wanted to.  Her former hatred for Rhonda welled up quickly, 
    but it was also mixed this time with a strong sexual undercurrent 
    she couldn't ignore.  She hated Rhonda even more for being 
    physically desirable.

          "I've been friends with Sholandra for quite a while," she said 
    in a measured voice.

          "Friends."

          "Yes, friends.  She's very lovely, isn't she."

          "She's to die for," Rhonda said.  She lowered her voice and 
    bent close to Laura.  "I could eat her alive.  Have you fucked her?"

          "Rhonda," Laura frowned.

          Rhonda bit her lower lip.  "Sorry.  I guess it's this drink.  
    It's making me say things I shouldn't."  She lit another cigarette.  
    "Why don't we go to my place.  You can show me whether you have an 
    outie or an innie."

          Laura felt a strong rush of sexual excitement.  If she said 
    yes, it almost certainly meant they were headed for the bed.

          "I could show you that here," she said coyly, stalling for 
    time, trying to figure out if she should really go to bed with 
    Rhonda or not.

          Rhonda's green eyes clouded over briefly, and Laura couldn't 
    tell if she were aroused or she was going to cry.  "You don't have 
    to hate me," she whispered.  

          "I don't," Laura said.

          "You and I have a lot in common."

          Laura nodded, unable to deny it.

          "Let's just go to my place," Rhonda said, sounding weary.  

    "You don't have to worry, I won't rape you.  I like black girls.  
    Just like you do.  But I'm tired of this effing bar, and the looks 
    we're getting."

          "Okay," Laura smiled, unable to turn her back on any 
    possiblity.

          When they got there, Rhonda made them fresh drinks.  Laura 
    joined her in the kitchen.  She could not help recalling how she had 
    seduced both Rina and Sholandra in her kitchen.  Now the tables were 
    turned.  Rhonda handed her a vodka tonic.

          "Toast?" Rhonda said.  "Friends, not rivals."

          Laura raised her glass and clinked it, unwilling to quibble.  
    They did, of course, want to fuck the same girls.  And in the case 
    of Barbara and Yvette, were actually doing it.

          "Friends," she murmured.

          Rhonda was actually stunning, and after one drink her apparent 
    vulnerability along with her physical appeal made the moment 
    sexually exciting for Laura.

          "You know," she said, "you look a lot like Pamela Anderson.  
    Know her?"

          "The Baywatch one?"  Rhonda grinned.  "My boobs are not as 
    big."

          "Hers are too big," Laura said.

          "Not for some people."

          Rhonda turned off the kitchen light, and Laura followed her to 
    the livingroom.  Rhonda put her drink on the coffee table and turned 
    to face Laura.  Her eyes were smoking.  Laura wondered if her own 
    were too.

          "But some people like them," Rhonda said softly.

          She unbuttoned her suit jacket while Laura watched, then flung 
    it in a chair.  Her breasts seemed very firm, jutting out against 
    her silk blouse.  Laura glanced down at them.

          "I'll bet they do," she said.

          "Want to see if you do?"  

          Now Rhonda's eyes were throbbing.  She undid the first button 
    of her blouse, not taking her eyes from Laura's.

          "What is this, a striptease?" Laura giggled.

          "It's no tease," Rhonda said, undoing the second button.

          Laura put her own drink down beside Rhonda's.  She moved 
    closer and undid the third button with her own fingers, while Rhonda 
    looked down at them.  Before Laura could reach the fourth button, 
    their mouths came together.

          It was a slow, sensual kiss.  Their lips moved together, 
    curving, melding, for several seconds before they opened.  Then 
    their tongues intermingled in a slow, sensual dance as they began to 
    embrace too, finally digging their fingers into each other's flesh 
    through their clothes.  

          When they stopped kissing, Laura tugged the tail of Rhonda's 
    blouse out from her belt and unbuttoned the final button.  Together 
    they took off the blouse, and Rhonda flung it away.  Her bra was 
    black lace with a deep cleavage dip, very alluring.

          Before Laura could even try to unfasten it, Rhonda began 
    unbuttoning the front of Laura's blouse.  Together they had it off 
    in seconds.  Laura too wore a black lace bra, a shockingly sexy one 
    that Karen had nearly ripped once in her haste to get it off.

          Rhonda smiled.  "Did we both wear our sexiest underwear for 
    each other?" she said.

          "We wore it for somebody," Laura breathed.

          She leaned forward until her lips met Rhonda's again.  This 
    time their kiss was hotter, and wetter.  Laura succeeded in 
    unfastening Rhonda's bra while they were kissing, and the straps 
    slid down her arms as they pulled apart.

          Rhonda was tan, but her breasts were creamy, with large 
    reddish brown nipples.  She obviously wore a bikini with two 
    triangular patches over her breasts when she sunbathed, and the 
    contrast was striking.  She had also been modest about them, since 
    Laura could see they were spectacularly beautiful, perfectly shaped, 
    full and round.  They were also unusually firm, almost hard, very 
    much like Shawn's, who had had breast implants, though there were no 
    telltale scars under Rhonda's swelling nipples.  These were her own 
    treasures.

          "God, Rhonda . . . they're beautiful," Laura said, cradling 
    each extraordinary globe of flesh in her palms

          Rhonda bent her head forward until her full lips barely 
    brushed Laura's.  Her tongue snaked inside Laura's mouth, then just 
    as quickly withdrew.

          "Don't you want to suck them?" she whispered against Laura's 
    lips.

          "Yes . . . I do."

          Laura bent her head down and began licking and sensually 
    stroking one of Rhonda's large, soft nipples with her tongue.  She 
    was an expert at this, and for a full two minutes she held Rhonda's 
    firm breasts in her hands and licked and sucked her nipples until 
    they were hard and wet and pointing, and Rhonda was breathing very 
    quickly.  Then Laura realized that Rhonda's breasts were so firm she 
    really didn't need to hold them.  They just jutted out to her mouth.  
    She released them and began to suck Rhonda's nipples even harder.

          "Ohhnnnn . . . god, Laura . . . you're good!" Rhonda panted.  
    "Quick, let's go in the bedroom."

          "Yes," Laura breathed, following her.

          Both of them seemed to sense that this would be no ordinary 
    sexual event.  Their feelings about each other were so mixed and 
    complex, and yet their physical desire had quickly become so hot and 
    urgent, that they surely weren't going to have a few quick orgasms 
    and say goodnight.  

          Rhonda had a huge bed, a "California king," they were called, 
    and just the sight of it excited Laura.  Rhonda closed the door 
    behind them, as Laura always did in her own bedroom, and came up 
    behind Laura, unfastening Laura's bra clasp.  She slid the straps 
    down Laura's arms and let the bra fall at their feet, raising her 
    hands and cupping Laura's naked breasts in them.

          "Anngghh!" Laura groaned with surprise as she felt Rhonda's 
    teeth sink playfully into the strip of muscle between her neck and 
    shoulder.

          A sharp tremor gripped her whole body.  Rhonda bit her neck in 
    the same way, giving Laura another sharp tremor, then turned her 
    around and kissed her ravenously, mashing their naked breasts 
    together.  She pushed Laura toward the bed while they were kissing, 
    and they fell onto it with the bedspread still on.  The intensity 
    level went up a notch.

          Rhonda quickly unzipped Laura's skirt and began pulling it 
    down, but Laura was just as insistent, unzipping Rhonda's too.  In 
    about twenty seconds they were both completely naked on the huge 
    bed.  Somehow neither wanted to go slowly, and they coiled together 
    naked, kissing and squeezing and nipping and sucking and mewling 
    like two cats in heat.

          "Ungghh!  Oh Rhonda!" Laura gasped as Rhonda tried to swallow 
    one of her nipples.

          Rhonda sucked a large part of Laura's breast into her mouth 
    along with the nipple.  Then she did the same with the other one.

          "Oh Laura . . . you're so beautiful," she panted, swarming all 
    over Laura's body, consuming Laura's flesh.

          Laura could do nothing but yield.  Rhonda was on top of her, 
    kissing her, sucking her nipples, kissing her midriff.

          "An innie . . . a gorgeous innie," she said as her tongue 
    snaked into Laura's navel, sending a jolt of sexual excitment 
    through Laura.

          I'm being fucked, she realized.  She brought me here to this 
    huge bed, and she fucking me . . . and there's nothing I can do 
    about it but let her.

          "Ohhnnnn . . . ohhnnnn!" she moaned, twisting suddenly as 
    Rhonda's mouth found her pussy.

          "Oh honey . . . oh honey, what a beautiful pussy," Rhonda 
    murmured, tongue-fucking Laura until Laura thought she would scream.

          "Unh . . . unh!  Oh!  Oh yes!  Please . . . yes!" she panted, 
    her hips gyrating in slow, rhythmic fuck-motions.

          Of course Rhonda was an expert at eating pussy.  Laura had 
    been eaten by experts before.  Barbara.  Kim.  Girls who loved only 
    other girls, and whose technique was the most important thing they 
    possessed, since only it could guarantee success in their pursuits.  
    But Rhonda was right up there in that class, and in fact might even 
    have been the one who had taught Barbara.

          She soon had Laura climbing the walls, moaning, writhing, 
    whimpering, begging.  Laura's body was on fire, throbbing, churning.  
    She grabbed and twisted her own naked breasts, pinching her aching 
    nipples, pushing her pussy up into Rhonda's clever mouth, gasping 
    sharply each time the tip of Rhonda's tongue touched her clit, since 
    Rhonda was deep into a scheme of teasing, and would only let Laura 
    come when she thought he time was ripe.

          Fortunately for Laura, it didn't take long.  The anticipation 
    and flirting had brought them both to the brink long before this.  
    Rhonda made the mistake of tonguing Laura's distended clit a few 
    seconds too long, and Laura began to come.  Her body stiffened.  
    Then the whole world exploded for her.

          "Auungghh!  Ohngghh!" she cried out.

          "Oh yes baby yes!" Rhonda said, peppering her clit with hot 
    kisses as Laura exploded again and again in spasms of sharp ecstacy.

          "Annghhiieee!" she finally screamed, turning her face into her 
    own arm to muffle the noise.  "Ummnngggnneeee!  Oh!  Oh!"

          Finally it began to wane, and her body went slack.  Rhonda 
    slipped up to kiss her, her lips still wet with Laura's cunt juices.  
    But Laura could see the fire of need in her eyes, and she knew 
    Rhonda was herself so close that a few warm breaths on her clit 
    would probably send her up like an ammo dump.

          "Your turn," she breathed, gently rolling Rhonda onto her back 
    and beginning to make love to her in return.

          Laura, realizing the danger of an instant explosion, was even 
    more skillful than Rhonda had been.  She explored the girl's lovely 
    naked body with painstaking care, and it really was a masterpiece, a 
    Playmate of the Month kind of body.  She had to remind herself that 
    she had slept with an actual playmate, Gloria, but Rhonda's body was 
    its equal, her tiny waist accentuating her swelling hips and out-
    jutting breasts, which pushed straight up into the air even when she 
    was flat on her back, as she was now with Laura swarming all over 
    her writhing body.

          Again she lavished her skill on Rhonda's swollen nipples.  
    Rhonda held each breast and squeezed it while Laura tongued and 
    sucked it, until they were dark with engorged blood, thick and 
    rubbery, and Rhonda was moaning helplessly.  Now Laura explored the 
    hall-of-fame navel, which really was a beauty, a deep cavity with a 
    sexy fold of tawny skin above it, perfumed too, and sensitive 
    within.  When she finally reached Rhonda's lovely pussy, fringed 
    with golden hair, it was almost dripping with juice, a pink, 
    succulent slit that easily parted to her probing tongue.

          "Ahhngg!" Rhonda groaned excitedly as Laura began to lick it.

          "Oh . . . baby, you're so close, aren't you," Laura murmured, 
    feeling Rhonda's body tense and clench.

          "Oh yes . . . yes!  Please . . . oh Laura!  Please!" Rhonda 
    whimpered.

          "Oh, you want to come."

          "Yes!  Yes!  Do me!  Do me quick!"

          "Ohhhhhh . . . not too quick," Laura soothed.  "We want it to 
    be the best ever, don't we?"

          "Oh god, Laura!  Oh god!  Unh unh!  Unhhhh!"

          Laura tongue-teased Rhonda's pussy until Rhonda's hips were 
    churning and bucking so hard she thought the girl might knock out 
    one of her teeth.  And still she pulled back, bringing Rhonda to the 
    edge, then pulling back, then teasing her close again, then kissing 
    her belly, her breasts, sucking her nipples gently, then harder, 
    driving Rhonda nearly delirious with frantic need.

          Finally she had her where she wanted her.  Rhonda was 
    completely vulnerable, a quivering mass of need, her face contorted 
    in a desperate plea for release, her lovely body undulating and 
    twisting in frantic unrelieved passion, her breath short, punctuated 
    by helpless whimpering.

          God, I should leave her like this, right now, the bitch, Laura 
    found herself thinking, aware how mixed her feelings still were 
    toward Rhonda, a welter of jealousy and lust.  But the sexual 
    excitement of the moment was too overwhelming.  Rhonda really was a 
    gorgeous creature, and Laura really did want to make her come 
    wildly.

          She slid two fingers up into the warm, greasy channel of 
    Rhonda's pussy, then began fucking her hard while her lips descended 
    on the girl's swollen clit.  Rhonda came almost immediately, the 
    breath leaving her arched, quivering body as a shattering orgasm 
    wrenched her.  For a brief, shuddering second, she remained arched, 
    straining, but then her body collapsed into convulsions, and deep, 
    ecstatic wails came from deep in her throat.

          "Auuoonnggg!" she groaned, coming sharply.  "Ungghh!  Oh!  
    Ohnnggg Laur---"

          Laura sucked her clit again, and again. 

          "Auungghhh!  Oh!"

          Rhonda's climax lasted a good fifteen seconds as wave after 
    wave of violent coming wracked her lovely body.  Finally she 
    relaxed, moaning softly, whimpering in the aftershocks, gazing 
    through bleary, shocked eyes at Laura.

          "Oh Jesus," she breathed softly.

          "He won't help you now," Laura smiled, beginning to fuck her 
    again before she recovered from the first one.

          This time she moved up and began to suck and bite Rhonda's 
    large brownish red nipples while plunging her two fingers hard in 
    and out of Rhonda's flowing pussy.  

          "Unh!  Unh!" Rhonda gasped, faintly delirious and excited by 
    the unexpected rough treatment.  "God . . . yes!  Fuck me, Laura, 
    yes!  Fuck me . . . do it hard!  Ungh!  Oh!  Unh!  Yes!  Oh god, I'm 
    going to come again!  Please . . . faster!  Yes!"

          "Mmmmm, you like it hard, don't you, you tramp," Laura 
    murmured, bearing down, leveraging her plunging fingers by resting 
    her thumb on Rhonda's pubic bone, then fucking her harder, with 
    sharp, jabbing thrusts.

          "Unh!  Unh!  Unh!  Yes . . . unghh!  Oh ungghh yes!"

          At the same time, Laura was fascinated by Rhonda's up-jutting 
    breasts, perfect mounds that didn't slacken out, though she was on 
    her back.  They reminded her suddenly of Rina's, which had been the 
    same, phenomenally firm and upswept.  She sucked both of Rhonda's 
    big nipples hard, jabbing her fingers into the girl's pussy, making 
    Rhonda cry out twice with shock and pain.

          "Unggh!  Ownnchhh!  Oh!  Fuck me . . . oh Laura you dyke fuck 
    me!" Rhonda panted deliriously.

          Laura was so aroused that she felt she might come again 
    herself.  She locked her legs around one of Rhonda's long, shapely 
    thighs, tormenting the girl's thick, pulpy nipples with her teeth, 
    and fucking her hard.  Laura pumped her own cunt vigorously into 
    Rhonda's silky thigh, and they both groaned and came together in a 
    wrenching, gagging convulsion of burning ecstacy.

          It was one of those uncontrollable mutal immolations that 
    occasionally happened.  Neither of them had expected it, or its 
    power, or the insults that had escaped their mouths as they were 
    caught up in its irresistible force.  Both of them were stunned by 
    it, and it took a while for each to recover.

          "Honey, you really mean business, don't you," Rhonda finally 
    said, rolling onto her side to face Laura.  "You like to fuck."

          Laura grinned.  "You seem to like it too."

          Rhonda's arms came around her, and she mashed her naked 
    breasts into Laura's, kissing her with passionate intimacy.  "I like 
    it with you.  You do it hard and hot and heavy."

          "Mmmmm, I can do it softly too," Laura purred, rolling Rhonda 
    over onto her stomach and straddling her beautiful ass, also striped 
    white from her bikini.

          She began to rub Rhonda's back and kiss it, then to drag her 
    naked breasts over it, kissing the back of Rhonda's neck, teasing 
    the backs of her ears with her tongue.  Rhonda squirmed and moaned 
    softly.  Laura made love slowly to the beautiful, shapely expanse of 
    Rhonda's long, smooth, tanned back, finally reaching the creamy 
    moons of her delectable bottom.  

          Of course Rhonda's ass couldn't match a paragon like 
    Chanitra's--even in the midst of fucking Rhonda, Laura was clutched 
    by a sharp pang of longing for the bewitching, adolescent Chanitra--
    or even Chanitra's sister Yvette's.  Or Sholandra's, or Rina's.  Of 
    course not.  But still . . .

          Rhonda's bottom was superlatively beautiful, her buns firm and 
    round and shapely.  Laura kissed each one all over, slipping her 
    hand forward between Rhonda's thighs until her fingers found the wet 
    flower of her pussy.  Now she rubbed Rhonda's pussy and began 
    nipping the firm, creamy flesh of her ass at the same time.  Rhonda 
    moaned and began undulating her hips, biting her lower lip.

          "Ohhhhnnnn . . . Jesus!" she gasped.  "No wonder they like 
    you."

         "Mmmmmm, and you like me too, don't you," Laura purred.  "You 
    like me to fuck you."

          "Oh!  Oh!  Unggh . . . god, Laura!"

          Now Laura's tongue slithered between Rhonda's buns, tickling 
    the tiny ring of her asshole, even slipping momentarily into it, and 
    Rhonda went wild.  Somehow the sensations sent her immediately over 
    the top.  She came in a shocking, quick spasm, squealing 
    uncontrollably.

          "Mmmnnggiieee!" she squealed, overcome by a sharp climax.

          And somehow at this point, Laura didn't want to stop.  She 
    wanted to rape Rhonda, rape her hard, fuck her roughly, make her 
    come and come even more, consume and devour her.  While Rhonda was 
    still groggy from her climax, Laura rolled her over onto her back 
    and swarmed over her naked body, using every technique she had ever 
    developed to bring the girl to an absolute fever pitch of need.

          And Rhonda was already plateauing from her previous orgasms, 
    twisting and moaning incoherently, suspended in the maelstrom of 
    sexual stimulation that Laura was providing.  Finally, Laura could 
    take it no longer either.  She maneuvered her legs in order to bring 
    their pussies together, and then began fucking Rhonda for real in a 
    rough, violent, almost savage way.

          Rhonda was flat on her back, and Laura rose up over her, 
    holding one of Rhonda's shapely legs for leverage and grinding her 
    cunt into Rhonda's, pumping, thrusting fiercely, watching the look 
    on Rhonda's face as each thrust made her wince and reel.  Laura 
    instinctively knew that Rhonda had never been fucked like this, and 
    she jammed her flowing pussy sharply into Rhonda's again and again.

          "Ohng!  Unh!  Unh!  Ungghh!" Rhonda groaned, grunting softly, 
    then exploding in uncontrollable cries as the tension grew tighter, 
    and Laura fucked her even harder.

          Their bodies struggled and strained together, and Rhonda 
    pumped just as frantically as Laura as they neared the inevitable.  
    Finally they both erupted in jolting strings of coming, a cataclysm 
    of wrenching orgasms that welded their hot, wet pussies together in 
    sympathetic mutual spasms as the rest of their flesh quivered and 
    throbbed in unison.  Rhonda was totally destroyed by this orgasm, 
    and Laura nearly so.  They lay throbbing and shuddering together for 
    a long time, panting, moaning softly, kissing one another's leg, not 
    daring to move their groins for fear of stopping the intense 
    pleasure that welded their cunts together.

          "I only wanted to fuck with you, Laura, not to get put in the 
    hospital," Rhonda croaked hoarsely as she began untangling her legs 
    from Laura's.  "God, you're a monster.  A beautiful monster . . . 
    but a monster.  I never came that hard, or so many times, in my 
    life."

          "Really?" Laura smiled.

          "Really."

          "But I'm not even finished with you yet."

          "You're kidding."

          "Your body was made for love, Rhonda."

          Rhonda had climaxed about seven or eight times.  At her peak, 
    with certain girls who brought out the best in her, Laura had 
    approached thirty orgasms.  She wasn't ready to try for a record, 
    but she knew Rhonda could come many more times.

          And they spent the next two hours trying to prove it.  Laura 
    had not been through a real sexual marathon since Dallas, with Kim 
    the airport girl, and she and Rhonda fucked until they could no 
    longer even lift a finger.  

          Finally, Rhonda struggled to her elbows, looking bleary-eyed 
    and hammered by continual climaxing, and winked wearily at Laura.

          "Well, I've certainly reached my personal best," she sighed.  
    "Nobody ever fucked me this much.  I didn't even know my body would 
    come that many times.  The last one sort of even hurt, it was so 
    intense."

          Laura nodded.  "I know.  Me too."

          Rhonda pushed Laura down on her back and kissed her.  "You 
    know, if you fucked Yvette like this, it's no wonder she turned to 
    me . . . just for a little rest," she giggled softly.

          But this had a bad effect on Laura, who had been trying to 
    forget all evening that this stunning woman had been doing this with 
    Yvette, and wanted to do it with Sholandra and Karen.  Even the 
    thought of her doing it with Barbara, though more understandable, 
    was nauseating.  Laura smiled tightly.

          But Rhonda could see she was hurt.  "Look . . . we can be 
    friends now, can't we?  I mean, we spent the night screwing.  I 
    never had so much sex.  My pussy is sore.  You fucked me.  Laura, 
    you fucked me and fucked me.  Now give me a break, please?"

          "I didn't fuck you just to get even," Laura said softly.

          There were tears in Rhonda's eyes.  Laura felt like a jerk.  
    But she still hated Rhonda for manipulating Yvette, and Yvette for 
    being willing to trade her beautiful black pussy for any favor or 
    promotion Rhonda could offer her.  On the other hand, she couldn't 
    really hate Rhonda after this.  

          "We'll . . . have to work out the Yvette business," she half-
    whispered.  "I care about her."

          "I care about her too," Rhonda said.  

          Now a tear slid down one cheek.  Laura believed her.  She 
    reached out her hand and brushed the tear away.

          "I know," she whispered.

          "Laura . . ."

          "Don't say anything.  Please don't cry."

          Laura was getting horny again.  Rhonda's vulnerability made 
    her wildly sexy.  In seconds they were embracing and devouring each 
    other again, whimpering and churning, unbelievably overcome with 
    fresh lust.  This one was like the first one, totally 
    uncontrollable, a quick, urgent firestorm of fucking that resulted 
    in both of them coming in only about two minutes, even after all 
    they had been through already.

          "I don't believe it . . . I still don't believe it," Rhonda 
    breathed as they finally separated their throbbing bodies.  "How can 
    anyone come this much?"

          "You did.  You weren't dreaming."

          "I feel like I could go a year without sex."

          "I'll bet you won't," Laura winked.  Just leave Yvette alone.  
    And Sholandra.  

          "I won't if you . . . don't forget to phone," Rhonda said, 
    suddenly shy and flirtatious.

          "Works two ways," Laura smiled.  "I think we both found 
    something good tonight."

          "Good is hardly the word.  I'm sorry I called you a dyke."

          "I'm sorry I called you . . . whatever it was."

          They kissed at Rhonda's front door.  Laura left actually 
    feeling good about what had happened.  Her body was satiated, and 
    she felt Rhonda and she would be able to work things out.


