Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Twenty-Two: Secrets of the Rakshasa Queen
Summary: Lasla confronts Queen Athirmi and discovers why her brother has to go through the Test of Pain!
Keywords: FFF FF MMMMMF MFF inc oral creampie D/s BDSM bond

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Lasla  Ankush, Queendom of Naith

I fought to keep my fear at bay and marched up the last few steps of the Ziggurat to the top where the open throne room lay. I had to be a dominating mistress. I had to be as regal as Queen Athirmi, or she would eat me alive.

Or the large spider behind me would. 

The spindly legs of the spider clicked on the steps. Her pincers were ready to rip me apart. I gained the last steps to see into the open throne room, the cap of ziggurat overhead held up by columns. The queen of the rakshasa was settling down on her throne. Next to it was a raised kneeling platform that she must have used to be fucked by her centaur. She closed her thighs, but I had a brief flash of her pussy dripping with cum. The woman's regal body gleamed with sweat, giving her brown hue an exotic polish. She wore her tiger's head, her face fierce and eyes feline green. Whiskers twitched. She licked her chops as I approached.

Then the twin orange-haired girls knelt before her throne. She parted her legs, throwing them over the arms rest. They dove into her pussy and licked up her cunt. The queen's whiskers hardly twitched at the girls' cleaning passion.

So, Queen Athirmi purred as I reached her and went down on one knee to show respect. My brother had the courage to face her, but I knew that I couldn't get away with his boldness. What do you wish to discuss with me, Lady Lasla?

I have an objection with Pradu being selected to administer my brother's Test of Pain, I said with a ringing voice.

Oh? the queen asked in a casual, even dismissive way. And why is that? Because she will hurt him?

Yes! I hissed, my anger and fear for my brother giving me courage. She wants to break my brother! Destroy him!

The queen shrugged, the two twins devouring her pussy. If he can't endure the pain, then he fails. But fear not, Pradu will have a limited time to break him. All he has to do is withstand her torment, and he shall be the victor. But if he can't... The queen licked her chops. The weak should never be in power. It's best to tear them down before they can do any harm.

My brother is not weak!

Then you have nothing to fear, the queen said. I promise you. She is good, but if your brother has any real mettle, he'll be fine.

But why her? I asked. You could have chosen any, but she's foul. Cruel. A sadist.

She is a rakshasa, the queen said as if that was all the explanation necessary.

Naryu and Lavhi aren't that cruel.

No, they're weak. That's why they're slaves. My daughter and niece were not strong enough, not vicious enough, and not clever enough. They were pulled down.

Just like you want to pull down my brother? My anger swelled through me. That's why you chose Pradu. You want to hurt my brother because he collared Naryu. Because your daughter is his slave and whore!

Queen Athirmi threw back her head and laughed. A feline rumble, almost a purr, chortled from her. She squeezed her thighs around the twins' heads as they feasted on her pussy. I could feel her pleasure rippling through her body, now that the twins were not trying to make her cum just give her delight. But the rest of her emotions were shadows to me.

I could only see them when they interfered with her lust.

If she wasn't strong enough to stay free, then she wasn't strong enough to be my daughter. The queen leaned forward, her breasts jiggling. That is how it works for us rakshasa. If my daughter had the strength to be queen, she would have ripped out your brother's heart and then marched up here and torn out my throat. But she was weak. Prey. She was pulled down and feasted upon. My daughter is dead. What you do with that mewling thing's body, I do not care. Fuck her, whip her, strangle her. I have other daughters. Stronger ones.

My stomach churned at those words. It was sick. I would never want that for my daughters. They were all waiting for me back on the island with my mother and half-sisters. My daughters wouldn't compete for love for their father. They would all receive it. 

And Pradu thinks she can take down your brother, Queen Athirmi continued. Many requested the honor to break your brother. They offered me wealth. Slaves. Magics. My other daughters, my sisters, their daughters. All of them are sharpening their claws, eager to rend his flesh. But Pradu made a most interesting wager with me.

Wager? I asked, brow furrowing. All of them? Every rakshasa royalty wanted to hurt my brother?

Pradu has wagered her freedom, said the queen. She shuddered, the pleasure in her pussy rising now, the twins licking her with more frantic passion. She has vowed that she will break you brother, claim you and your sister, and make you all her slaves to do with as she wills. If she fails, well, then she's brother to do with as he pleases.

I swallowed. She'll be desperate to succeed. She'll hold nothing back.

I know, purred the queen. She shuddered, the twins bringing her closer and closer to her orgasm. Queen Athirmi savored that Pradu had put her freedom on the line and would do everything to break my brother.

The queen shuddered and threw back her head. She roared as she came. Her orgasm burst through her. She came on the twins' faces. They wiggled their rumps, their hips smacking into the other. They drank down the queen's pussy cream.

The pleasure rushed through the rakshasa. I could feel it. She savored her domination over the two twins, and her ownership over the others around here. The two centaurs who guarded her, the spider-thing behind me, the lamia curled up in a ball in a cushioned basket, seemingly asleep but actually rubbing at her pussy with her fingers.

The entire city was laid out before her. From the highest point of Ankush, she reveled in dominating it. In controlling it. And she wanted to control my brother, too. She wanted to own him. Crush him. That was why she was doing this.

It sickened me.

Why should my brother even participate? I demanded when the queen finished her climax, hating this place. These rakshasas were all foul and disgusting.

Because your brother needs to understand pain in order to survive the nagas. A shiver ran through the queen, her breasts jiggling. Another ripple of delight washed through her. They are not nearly as civilized as I am.

I find that hard to believe.

The queen's fur melted away. Whiskers withdrew. Her muzzle became plump, smiling lips. The twins withdraw from her and then started licking the other's face clean of her pussy. With languorous grace, she slid off her throne and stepped barefoot on the polished floor, her eyes locked on me.

Follow.

She walked around her throne. Swallowing, I followed. There was a staircase. It was in the exact middle of the ziggurat. It spiraled down into the darkness. The queen descended. On the walls, arcane lights illuminated at her passing. 

I drew in a deep breath and followed her down it. She marched ahead of me, her ass swaying. None of the others of her servants followed. We were soon alone. The lights illuminated before her and extinguished behind me as we wound deeper and deeper into the ziggurat.

Where are we going? I asked.

Into the caves beneath the city. They are formed out of basalt and obsidian from old lava flows. They lie beneath the water table and even the harbor, and yet are not flooded because of their material.

I see, I said. 

We kept going, the air growing thicker and thicker, and then we ended in a room that was light with more arcane lights. Two squat men with thick, red beards and brown skin were at a desk. They stood up and bowed, wearing tunics over their heavily muscled body.

Dwarves? I asked in shock.

The secret of Naith, said the queen. And the rakshasas who rule it. We found dwarves living down here. And do you know what is so remarkable about them?

I frowned. I had heard stories about dwarves from my mothers, but these two were staring at Queen Athirmi like she were nothing. They had no lust stirring in them at all. No desire whatsoever. They stood almost like statues, awaiting commands.

They have such a low sex drive, they are never distracted, the queen said and motioned to a door. One dwarf hurried to it and opened it. They are also used to dealing with the petty and capacious whims of horny women. They make such excellent bureaucrats.

Though it was night above, the door opened onto a large room that bustled. There were desks with dwarves writing papers or reading documents. Some were moving about and picking up stacks of parchment or delivering them to others. Those were the younger ones, based on the length of their beard.

Behold the heart of the Naith's bureaucracy, said Queen Athirmi as we moved through the room. They work around the clock in shifts. They make sure taxes are paid, slaves are administered, trade continues unabated, and our privateers are attacking the right targets. They deal with all the petty and trifling details that are just so boring but are necessary to keep an economy and nation running. Without them, well, Naith would have collapsed centuries ago.

I had no idea why she was showing this to me.

They are perfect for it, she continued. Dwarves don't need fear or love to do this work. They just need a purpose. Supply it, and they are happy to spend all day mining, blacksmithing, or writing reports, doing sums, and keeping accounts. The worst thing you can do to a dwarf is to give him nothing to do. You can't order them to do it, either. You just have to provide the opportunity, and they will fulfill it. They keep their own hierarchy, choose their own ministers and officials. I really have nothing to do with it besides making sure that they are loyal to me, of course.

Of course, I said. What was this?

We passed through this into a hallway that then opened onto a garden. I gaped at the sight of trees growing underground. Thick bushes. There was a wet coolness to the air. Water splashed behind flowering bushes. Light drifted from above, a soft twilight that gave the forest an ethereal feel.

My arboretum, she said as she led me down the path, her rump swaying. This is where I keep my more exotic slaves. I'm a collector, you see. Elves, werebears, werespiders, werefoxes, and more all live in here to please me.

As if speaking the name of their races caused them to appear, a pair of elves were perched on a tree, their hair the color of spring leaves. One had a large cock thrusting out from her crotch, a gold ring squeezed tight about the base. The other had a chastity belt like the one my mother wore. A large spider descended out of a tree like the one upstairs. But then she blurred into a woman with silky-white hair and pale skin. Her eyes were large and black. She bowed low. Orange-haired girls scampered up and bowed low, their asses wiggling.

Werefoxes? I asked, realizing what the twins upstairs were.

Mmm, yes, she said. I raised them from kits. Now they're ready to be mated. I think I'll let my centaurs break them in. See if they can't breed together.

I looked around. This must have cost a fortune.

I suppose, the queen said, sounding bored. That is what the bureaucrats are for. To make me money so I can enjoy myself. It is the perk of being queen. I have other rooms like this for other types of slaves.

More of the denizens appeared, all wearing collars. A trio of harpies perched in a tree, their clawed feet holding the branches while their large breasts jiggled. They sang a greeting to the queen. They all worshiped her.

All had been broken by her.

Then we were past the arboretum and entered into a room that was full of beds. There were dwarven women on them, all of them short but curvy. They didn't have beards and the lust coming off of them was intense.

It was the strongest sex drive I had ever felt. It put Kurtis's to shame.

Most had a young male dwarf on them, pumping away at them. Other males stood around them, stroking cocks and trying to get them hard. The women were moaning and gasping, shuddering as they were fucked hard. I could feel some lust from these male dwarves.

My family has been trying to breed a male dwarf that has more of a sex drive. These ones can have sex once a day. The queen snorted. Most male dwarves can get it up once a week unless they are corned by their wife who will use everything she came to get his dick hard to fuck her, though often they just eat her pussy to get her to stop bothering them. It's been a few centuries to get these dwarves.

Why? I demanded, getting more and more frustrated at this tour. 

We can always use more males for the bureaucracy, said the queen. Then we can get more done.

No, I hissed, unable to contain my annoyance. Why are we down here? What does this have to do with my brother.

It's an object lesson, said the queen as we moved through the breeding room and the insatiable female dwarves. My pussy clenched with an aching need for my brother's cock.

What sort of object lesson? I asked, my nipples rubbing into the cloth of the tunic I wore.

One you'll just have to see.

They passed into a tunnel that turned into a walkway over a room cut out of the black basalt. There was a dwarven woman tied to a wall. She had big breasts and paler skin than the other dwarves. She was whimpering and moaning as another dwarf woman was on her hands and knees getting fucked from one end by a warty, green-skinned male while she sucked on his cock. Three more of the goblins were jerking off their dicks while five armored dwarf males watched impassively.

Cum fired not the female dwarf getting fucked, painting her body in jizz.

The lust coming off the green-skinned males almost dropped me to my knees. It was as intense as the female sex drive. I groaned, shaking my head from the overwhelming passion of them. I gripped the railing, panting.

Goblins? I gasped. It was said goblin males and dwarven females had the same sex drive and that dwarven females would allow themselves to be captured to be gangbanged until their males came to their rescue. What is going on down there? Why is that female tied up?

A rebel. She is being forced to watch sex, said the queen. I am hoping that lust will break her. Pain doesn't work on dwarves, male or female. But pleasure does.

Pleasure is superior, I said with some smug delight.

The queen rolled her eyes. You are still so young. The world is never so black and white. One thing is never always better than another. Pleasure and pain, denial and excess. These are all tools. You have to know which is the right motivator to use to be a successful dominatrix, Lasla. I can feel that ambition. You take joy in dominating your brother's slaves. In shaping the women he encounters to please him.

I do, I said. So Pradu knows only pain.

Mmm, indeed, said the queen.

I glanced at the dwarf chained to the wall, her pale body shuddering. Her lusts were building and building in her. She wanted to be fucked. Needed to cum so badly. It was eating at her mind. At her self-control.

Rebel? Was there a faction of dwarves that resisted the rakshasas? Who didn't like their cruelty?

Lasla, the queen said, her voice stern like a mother admonishing a child, keep up.

I blinked and then realized she had already moved onto the next tunnel. I hurried across the walkway, leading the goblins to gangbang the dwarven women while the rebel watched on in whimpering need, her lust spilling through the air. So powerful.

The tunnel walls were as symmetrical as all the others we had passed through. The sound of water rippling echoed down the tunnel. A warm humidity swelled now. Condensation built on the walls and trickled down to grates set along the edge of the wall. The end grew misty. The sound of splashing grew warmer and warmer.

Then came singing. It was ethereal and haunting. It was full of passion. The sort that would drive a man to maddening lust. It didn't touch me, but I could feel how it would affect them. The singer was a daughter of Las.

Or a member of a daughter race of lust.

No males can ever come down this tunnel, the queen said. The dwarven women come to tend to those who dwell in here mainly to get their pussies licked or to be fucked by the nixie cocks. They always have them, you know.

I know, I said. My mother was a sylph, one of the five hermaphroditic races born of Matar. Sylphs were air, dragons fire, gnomes earth, elves life, and nixies water. They all had different rules. Sylphs could only be bred by hermaphrodites, or Las, but never had cocks of their own. Dragons could control when they had theirs. Gnomes and elves were opposites. Gnomes had theirs save for the three days a month when they went into heat while elves only had theirs for three days while in heat. 

Those are sirens signing? I asked. 

Queen Athirmi nodded. I keep nixie, mermaids, and sirens in this grotto, the water kept warm through wizardry. It is quite deep, too. They can swim and frolic and make love. The nixies are quite popular among the mermaids and sirens.

Sirens lured men into the ocean waters to fuck them, drowning in the process. Their songs drove them mad. I could believe it hearing those songs. 

We entered the mist and then stepped into the soft light of the grotto. A few of the singing women were sitting on the rocks, their song trilling around them. They all smiled at Queen Athirmi. Nixies with blue faces and white hair broached the surface as did mermaids with their colorful hairs. They had dark-brown skin, different from the three mermaids who delivered us word from our father and started our quest. Mermaids looked much like their human fathers in skin tone, but hair and scales came from their mothers.

One siren wasn't with the other. She sat apart, her arms hugging her legs. Sirens looked human, their bodies wet and gleaming, but they had webbed feet and toes along with gills. The sirens were serenading the queen now, wanting to bring a smile to her lips, maybe.

Serenity, here, said the queen.

The one siren who had sat apart slipped into the water and swam towards us. Gold flashed about her neck, collared like all the slaves in here. They were pampered pets, to be true, but they were still the property of the Queen of Naith. The other sirens stopped their song. They all looked down at their hands, squirming.

They were uncomfortable. Why?

Serenity reached us. She stayed in the pull, sitting in the water and staring up at the queen. She had a loving smile on her face, truly devoted to her mistress. Queen Athirmi knelt and caressed the siren's throat above the collar. 

Sing for us, Queen Athirmi purred.

The siren swallowed. She opened her mouth and sang.

What came out of her throat wasn't a beautiful and stirring song like the others had sung. It was horrendous. It clawed at my ears. Long needles penetrated through my auditory canals into my brain. I stepped back, slapping my hands over the sides of my head in a futile effort to shut it out.

That's enough, Serenity, Queen Athirmi said, her voice strained. 

The terrible sound ended. I panted, shaking my head. Serenity looked down. Tears filled the corners of her eyes. Her shoulders shook as silent sobs wracked her. I shot an accusatory glance at Queen Athirmi for putting the siren through this.

The rakshasa put a gentle hand on the siren's wet hair, stroking her. It's okay, Serenity. Shhh, it's not your fault what they did to you.

They? I asked. You didn't do this.

Anger flashes across the rakshasa's face. And ruin something beautiful? What is the point in having sirens for slaves if you destroy the most precious thing about them? It's one thing to hurt a slave, to break them, but to mutilate them so they cannot perform work. Such a waste.

Who? I asked, my heart pounding.

The nagas. Queen Athirmi shook her head. They made her scream and scream and scream until her voice became hoarse. And then they would let her rest. For a day. Then they would do it all over again. On and on and on. They ruined her voice out of petty cruelty. Out of pure sadism. They ruined her for the transitory joy of breaking something beautiful.

I clapped a hand over my mouth and stared down at the poor siren.

This is what you need to understand, growled the queen. The nagas do not think of tomorrow, only today. They do not see potential, only what immediate use something can be. This is what they will do to your family without the diplomatic protection of being my ambassador, they will seize you all. They will torment you just to see what will happen. To find out what sort of pleasure they can get out of such a novel group.

My stomach roiled.

You and your brother grew up so sheltered. You do not know the full extent of cruelty that exists out there. You do not see the pain and suffering that exists out in the world. Your brother needs to experience it because even the protection that being a diplomat offers is a paper shield. Thin. Fragile. They will try you, and if they find weakness...

That is the point of the test. If Kurtis breaks from the pain, then he will break dealing with the nagas. Best not to waste him, and you, on the nagas. You and your family will be put to use here, your beauty preserved. Your talents allowed to flourish.

You'll really let him be broken, I whispered.

Of course. The queen smiled. But if he's strong, he'll pass. If not... He'll be useful in other ways.

I swallowed.

I'm not as petty as the naga, but I am as cruel. Her face fell into shadows. She touched my cheek. That is why I choose Pradu. She's the very best at using pain to break someone. The bet merely makes it more interesting. I want to see if Kurtis is what I think he is. He will need to be to accomplish his destiny.

I trembled. This couldn't be the way. 

And pay attention to Pradu. You'll need to grow yourself. The queen paused. After all, if Pradu fails, you'll have to break her if you can.

The queen didn't speak a word on the trek back, and I didn't say anything. I was reeling. I had to learn how to hurt to break Pradu? My brother had to be strong enough to survive because the nagas were even crueler?

And he wouldn't be talked out of it, would he? Oh, no, he wanted to fuck the naga empress like he had Queen Athirmi. He had our father's lusts, and Kurtis wanted to fill the world with his children. My body shook, though.

Was he strong enough to survive Pradu?

How long would he have? Hours? Days?

I stumbled in a daze, hardly noticing the sites we passed, hardly feeling the lusts of the dwarven females and the goblin males. My legs burned on the climb up the stairs, my thoughts reeling. How could I help my brother get through tomorrow?

I had no idea.

Before I knew it, I was stepping out onto the open throne room. The attendants to the queen were bowing while I headed for the stairs and the werespider. I knew what she was now. She clicked her pincers eagerly before she stepped aside.

Korvan waited on the outside stairs for me, an expectant look on his face. I just stumbled down the stairs past him. The cruelty of the nagas sickened me. What they did to Serenity was horrifying. And that was where Kurtis would take us.

I would have to become stronger, wouldn't I? I swallowed. Pleasure had to be the way. It had to be better than pain. It burned in my blood to spread lust and passion, to share it with my brother and sister. My feet padded down the stairs.

Soon, we reached the living quarters. I opened the door, and Nephi let out a long sigh. You were gone so long.

He's going to have to endure a lot of passion tomorrow, I whimpered.

She cupped my face, stroking my cheeks. I stared into her eyes. They were so yellow, feline like the queen's but warm instead of that cold green. Her fingertips were so gentle as she held me. She pressed her forehead against mine.

I don't know what to do about it, I whispered.

Support him, Nephi said.

That's it?

She nodded and then kissed me.

I groaned into her lips. My mouth melted on hers. I shuddered at the fullness of her. I needed something beautiful to wash away that darkness I had just seen. My pussy clenched as my tongue danced with the sphinx's.

Her hands began unwinding the toga. She seemed to know what I needed. A slave that had been tamed with pleasure. She was so loyal. It wasn't out of fear that she served my family. It was out of love. 

The cloth fell off me, the air cool on my naked skin. Her hands cupped my round breasts. She kneaded them. I groaned, kissing her harder. My tongue danced around with hers. Every moment, my fear retreated before her love.

She broke the kiss, and I breathed, Nephi.

Mistress, she purred. The throaty rumble rose in her throat. 

She ducked her head down and flicked her tongue across my nipple. I gasped at that delight. A shiver ran through me. Her tongue caressed around my areola, licking and lapping at me. My pussy drank in the delight.

I groaned, my hands sliding through the dark-red mane of hair she had. The sphinx's tongue danced around my nipple, and then her lips engulfed my nub. She suckled. I groaned, loving the delight of her nursing.

Oh, wow, that's good, I groaned. That's so good. Gods, I need this.

Her cheeks hollowed as she loved my nipple. She caressed me. Pleasured me. I shuddered, savoring every moment of it. This was such a magical delight. I groaned and shook my head. My heart pounded in my chest as she nursed on me. She suckled with such passion, flicking her tongue around my nub.

Then she suckled hard, drawing in all of my areola. Her lips popped off, the wet smack echoing through the air. I shuddered and whimpered. She ducked her head over and suckled my other nipple into her mouth, loving me.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my pussy clenching. Las's big dick, that's wonderful.

Her purr throbbed around my nipple. My hips wiggled back and forth, my cunt growing hotter and hotter. My juices soaked my bush and ran down my thighs. They trickled hot across my legs. I shuddered, savoring that delight.

I groaned, my face twisting from the pleasure. This felt just so incredible. I loved every moment of her nibbling on my nub. Then she popped her mouth off and winked a golden eye at me. She sank to her knees before me and grabbed my hips.

I shuffled my feet apart, inviting her in.

She pressed her face up between my thighs, her silky mane caressing my flesh. Her lips nuzzled through my bush and she kissed my cunt. Her tongue flicked out, stroking over my pussy lips and brushing my clit.

Nephi! I gasped, my gaze glancing around the room where the rest of the family slept. Silvery moonlight spilled through the window, its cool light making everything ethereal.

Mmm, Mistress, she moaned and licked again.

I shuddered as her tongue caressed over my pussy. My head tossed, my black hair sweeping down my naked back. I savored this delight. I groaned, my heart pounding as she licked and lapped at me. She felt so amazing.

I groaned, her tongue sliding over my flesh. She teased me with her every lick and lap. She swelled my orgasm with her every stroke. Her naughty tongue caressed me in just the right way. I groaned, loving it so much.

She danced her tongue around in my pussy. She stirred up my cunt. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. I quivered, my boobs jiggling. I grabbed her head, my fingers sliding through her thick tresses.

Oh, yes, yes, Nephi! I moaned. Oh, Gods, that's good.

Mmm, it is, she purred. Such yummy pussy.

She licked at my folds with more hunger, her tongue dancing across my petals. Pleasure tingled through me. My fingers tightened in her hair. I held on tight as my boobs jiggled before me. I groaned, my cunt clenching as my orgasm swelled in me.

She licked and lapped at me with such hunger. She feasted on me with all her might. It was amazing. My moans grew louder and louder. I couldn't help it. I would wake everyone up, but the sphinx's tongue felt so amazing on my pussy.

I shuddered, my heart hammering in my chest as she lapped at me. My hair swayed down my naked back and my round breasts jiggled. I gripped her thick mane of dark-red hair. I held her tight, afraid I would be lost if I dared let go.

Oh, yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, that's so good. That's amazing. Yes, yes, keep doing that.

She lapped her tongue through my folds and found my clit. Her fingers dug into my ass, holding me tight to her mouth. She suckled on my bud. My cunt clenched. The sparks flared. I threw back my head, my body trembling.

Nephi! Nephi! I groaned. I love you!

I came on the sex slave's mouth. She was our slave and our lover and our distant cousin. She was so many things to me. I groaned, my body spasming. My cunt convulsed and writhed, my pussy cream gushing out into her mouth.

This pleasure rippled through my body. It splashed into my mind, soothing me. I groaned, drinking in the bliss. I gasped and shuddered. The wonderful delight swept through my body. I quivered there, grinding on her face, loving this bliss.

This wonderful, rapturous euphoria that soothed me.

I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. A big smile spread on my lips. I rolled my shoulders, savoring every last moment of cumming on her mouth. She stared up at me and smiled. She pulled her mouth from my lips.

There, Mistress, feel better?

Gods, I do, I moaned and smiled down at her. Kiss me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

You come hard enough to wake the dead, I groaned from where I lay on the bed, Pyrriah stirring beside me.

Lasla broke the kiss with Nephi, pussy juices gleaming on her lips, and moaned, I am Las's daughter, after all.

Yes, she is, Pyrriah purred, rubbing into my side.

Lasla was scared for tomorrow. I was nervous, too, but I had an idea. It was a bold one, but it would be a fascinating one if I could pull it off.

I would have to endure pain, though. A lot of it. Probably humiliation, too, but... 

I would prevail.

Do you need more? I asked Lasla.

She nodded. I could use my brother's cock in my pussy. She advanced. Just filling me up. Stretching me out. Making me cum.

That is something I can help with, I said.

Pyrriah grabbed my cock and shook it. Oh, yes, he's hard and ready for you. Just slip onto him and go for a ride.

Lasla slid onto the bed and straddled me with skill. Her pale, lean body was so gorgeous. Her breasts jiggled as she wiggled her hips. Then she lowered herself down, bringing her black bush closer and closer to the tip of my dick.

Her curls brushed them. Thank you, sweet sister.

Just helping you out, Pyrriah said then puckered her lips.

Lasla kissed our sister as she lowered herself further. I shuddered at that exciting contact of her pussy lips on my cock. Then I groaned as her cunt swallowed the tip of my cock. She sank down on me, her tongue flashing with Pyrriah's.

I groaned as I savored the incestuous heaven of my sister's cunt sliding further and further down my pussy. The pleasure soaked to my balls. It was an amazing delight. I bit my lip and groaned, my face twisting from the pleasure.

She broke the kiss with Pyrriah. Mmm, you are amazing.

I know, I said.

I was talking to Pyrriah, Lasla said, rolling her eyes. He thinks we revolve around him.

We do, purred Pyrriah. He's our sexy brother, and you were moaning about his dick. Don't you lie?

Lasla grinned, looking so young like that first time we made love.

I hated seeing her worry. Tomorrow would be hard on her.

Pyrriah then threw her leg over me. My twin sister's fiery bush appeared over my head, her tangy musk filled my nose. She planted her bush right on my face. I groaned at that, loving the feel of her curls tickling my face.

I licked one sister's snatch as the other gripped my shaft and slid her cunt up my dick. It was an amazing delight. I moaned, savoring that incestuous massage of hot and silky flesh. My tongue thrust into Pyrriah's cunt.

Her hair flickered red.

There was something we still had to uncover about her. 

I swirled my tongue around in her pussy, licking and lapping at her. I groaned, savoring the taste of her. The passion. She shuddered, her pussy squeezing about my tongue. She wiggled her hips from side to side, her lips smearing hot cream across my mouth.

I groaned, my tongue fluttering through her folds. The tangy flavor of my sister's cunt went with the delight of Lasla working her cunt up and down my dick. She rode me with force, slamming her cunt down my shaft and then sliding back up me.

I reveled in the sensation, my dick throbbing in her twat. It was amazing. Her pussy gripped me, massaging me. The pressure swelled in my balls. That rising delight that would have me cumming hard. Just spurting my jizz into her snatch.

Gods, that's good, moaned Lasla. Oh, yes, yes, Kurtis. I love your cock in me.

Mmm, ride her, sweet sister, Pyrriah groaned, her cunt squeezing around my tongue buried in her pussy.

Oh, I will, Lasla panted. I will cum so hard. It's amazing. Oh, yes, yes, this will be so awesome. Las's big dick, I love my brother's cock!

The best, Pyrriah groaned.

Gods, I love you two, I moaned.

My dick throbbed in my sister's cunt. She worked her pussy up and down my cock. It felt amazing. Just a delight. I loved every second of it. This was fantastic to savor. To enjoy. I groaned, loving it. I savored this passion. My heart beat so fast in my chest. Her pussy slammed down my cock with such force. She engulfed me with her passion. 

My tongue swabbed through Pyrriah's cunt, building and building her orgasm. Just like my dick swelled Lasla's. I wanted them to cum at the same time. To share their climax. That would be an awesome delight for them both.

I flicked my tongue through Pyrriah's slit. She gasped and groaned, her butt-cheeks clenching before my face. Her red hair flickered with more light, her orgasm approaching. Lasla moaned, her pussy squeezing about my cock, her cunt growing hotter and hotter.

Her climax neared.

So did mine.

Gods, I growled.

Oh, brother, Lasla moaned, her cunt slamming down my cock. Oh, yes, yes, brother. I'm so ready. I'm going to explode.

Mmm, me, too! Pyrriah moaned. Oh, Kurtis. Oh, yes, yes, I love your tongue.

My dick throbbed. The pressure in my balls hit the bursting point. I guided both their lusts, bringing them closer and closer to the bursting point, balancing them. My nuts tightened as I controlled my orgasm.

Almost there.

Lasla slammed her cunt down my cock and gasped. Her pussy went wild around my dick. I savored the feel of her flesh spasming around me. I sucked on Pyrriah's clit at that exact moment. She squealed, her hair flashing red.

Hot and tangy cunt cream gushed into my mouth as she came with our sister.

Oh, Kurtis, yes! Pyrriah moaned, her hair burning bright.

Oh, Gods, that's amazing! Lasla moaned, her pussy going wild around my dick.

Cum in her, Pyrriah gasped, rubbing her gushing pussy across my thirsty lips.

I drank down her passion. I feasted on that wonderful delight. It was perfect. I licked and lapped at her. I devoured her. It was fantastic. At the same time, Lasla's pussy went convulsed around my cock, massaging me. Her cunt spasmed and writhed, sucking at me.

My nuts tightened. My pleasures rose. My sisters moans echoed through the room, our mother and slaves masturbating as they let the three of us have our peace. Lasla's cunt suckled at my dick. My nuts tightened.

I erupted.

Las's big dick! I growled into Pyrriah's cunt.

I spurted blast after blast of my cum into my sister's cunt. I basted her with my jizz, the pleasure surging through me. It was incredible to enjoy. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned, the bed creaking beneath me.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped, my nuts unloading again and again into her pussy. That's it. Gods damn, that's it!

Kurtis! my sisters squealed, reaching the peak of their pleasure together.

My cum pumped over and over into Lasla's cunt. I growled out my joy. I savored it. Tomorrow, I would have to endure so much pain. But I would win. I was the Son of Las. I would show these Rakshasa's just who I was.

They would not break me!

My sisters panted. They rolled off of me. Lasla and Pyrriah cuddled up on either side of me. The night was still on us. There was still time to sleep. I pulled them close to me. They kissed me, their lips licking the cream off my face.

I panted, savoring this delight. I would win for them. I couldn't lose so long as I had my sisters at my side.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

We broke breakfast with a meal of grapefruit, a delicacy of Naith. The pink, citrusy fruit had a sharp tang to it. I had to force myself to eat it. Kurtis acted all casual, but I could tell the nerves were there. Not as badly as they felt in me.

I felt like I had an orgy of mermaids squirming in my guts.

I bit my lip, aching for this just to get over with and dreading it every happening. Pradu would hurt my brother today. She would torment him in ways that I didn't want to imagine. My stomach twisted just contemplating what was to come.

But he had to face it. He had to overcome this test. We wouldn't survive the nagas without it. I thought about telling my brother what I had learned.

Pyrriah sank beside me. She took my hand and squeezed it. I glanced at her, my stomach squirming. She smiled at me and brushed aside a lock of my black hair. Then she kissed me. Her lips melted on mine.

I kissed her back for one wonderful moment.

Then the mermaids started writhing again, my guts twisting. I broke the kiss, wanting to throw up. It was worse than when I had been pregnant. This terrible dread accompanied me. Pyrriah took my hand and stroked it.

Just have faith, she said. He's strong. Our brother is strong, and he is lust incarnate.

That's our father.

Pyrriah smiled. Kurtis is the next best thing. You'll see.

Relax, Kurtis said. I have a plan.

I frowned at him. What 

A knock came at the door. Nephi, standing guard, stiffened and answered it. Korvan stood there. It's time, Master.

Kurtis rose, looking so strong and perfect. Let's not keep Pradu waiting. He grinned at me. She's so eager for this. I can feel her lust echoing through the Ziggurat. We don't want to disappoint her.

My brow furrowed. What was my brother up to? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

With my sisters at my side, I climbed the last steps up to the throne room where I would learn about the Test of Pain. They held my arms, marching with me. My back straight. I would show them all that I was not one to be feared.

Behind me, came the two princess-slaves. They crawled, their leashes gripped in my sisters' hands. Pyrriah held Princess Naryu and Lasla Princess Lavhi. Then came my mother and Nephi, all of them naked and with golden collars about their throats.

I reached the top of the steps.

This time the open throne room was crowded with rakshasa in their gold-trimmed robes. Some nearly nude, others fully clothed. They lounged on divans or chairs, their eyes all on me. Standing by Queen Athirmi's throne was Pradu, a sadistic grin on her face.

The force of her lust spilled out of her and washed against my soul like a dark tide against the beach. I drew in a deep breath.

My trial began right now. 

To be continued...
