Family Sex Night
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Please observe copyright information found on Chapter 1 of this story.  

Please read previous chapter since each chapter builds on the previous one.
	
CHAPTER FOUR

	While Linda relaxed in the car, enjoying the feel of the steamy pussy eating her daddy had given her, and recalling her earliest sexual experiences with the family, Linda's younger sister, Jane, was being fucked in a new way. Jane, nude, was on her hands and knees on her teacher's bed, offering up her sweet little slit to 'the dildo which Miss Rachel Blaine was strapping on her slim hips.

	Jane's body was all pink and smooth and shining. Her delicate pussy lips glowed with dark color, and shone with saliva from Rachel's loving mouth. Jane had never been fucked with a dildo before. It was strange. The bizzarreness and the novelty of it thrilled the young girl.

	Rachel glowed with eagerness. She had burned to use her dildo on Jane. She would have the pleasure of knowing Jane the way a male would, well, almost. The lesbian lovers were in Rachel's bedroom. Rachel's roommate had left for her trip unexpectedly early, and Rachel made good use of her privacy. Jane was hot and silky. She rested her head in her arms. Her upper body pressed the sheets, while her ripe bottom was raised high. 	Her knees were spread, opening her pussy to the dildo which jutted from Rachel's hips. The six-inch dildo, medium sized, was smooth, pink, thick, stream-lined.

	Jane's pussy and bush were soaked with wetness. Rachel got on the bed behind her, the dildo bobbing with her movements. Rachel stood on her knees behind Jane, the pink dildo pointing at Jane's pussy. Jane wiggled her luscious little bottom invitingly. Rachel caressed the teen's hips and thighs, then reached between Jane's kneeling legs to feel and fondle the delicate, delicious pussy.

	Jane moaned, shivering from lust while her teacher caressed her pussy. Her breasts were jiggling, the nipples hard and throbbing. Rachel rubbed the bullet head of the dildo against Jane's labia, rolling the head up and down the slit, massaging heat into it.

	Jane moved her hips in response. Rachel put the tip of the dildo, which was wet with Jane's juices, against the slit lips. She slipped the dildo into the girl, holding its shaft as she pushed the head in. Jane's pussy lips split, spread to the sides by the invader. Jane squealed, the pitch of her wail rising higher and higher as more and more of the dildo sank into her. Her breasts shook with agitation.

	Rachel smiled with pleasure as she slipped the dildo inside the girl. It was in deep, so only the base of the shaft remained outside her. Attachments fastened at the base of the dildo secured it to the thin black leather straps which harnessed it around the lesbian teacher's hips. Rachel hooked her forearm around Jane's thin waist, pulling the girl closer, sinking the dildo even deeper up inside her.

	Rachel started thrusting, in and out, back and forth. Moving slowly at first, she steadily increased the rhythm, rolling the dildo over Jane's slippery membranes. Jane turned her head to the side, gasping for breath. Her thighs flexed, muscle slabs rippling under her satiny pink skin, as she rocked her hips in response. The dildo fucking made Jane's breasts shake wildly, until Rachel took hold of one of them.

	The sugar tit was a handle of flesh. Rachel's gripping fingers clutched it tightly, squeezing it as though pumping or milking it. When Rachel thrust the dildo in deep, her hips slammed into Jane's quivering bottom cheeks, rippling them with motion.

	Jane's wailed mating cries grew higher and shriller. The dildo was a pink blur pumping in and out of her slit, the head of it never emerging from inside her. At the peak of Jane's arousal, Rachel released the girl's breast, only so she could put her rubbing fingers at the top of Jane's slit. Jane was stretched by the dildo. Rachel's fingers fondled her, pressing against the damp hairs of her bush, then stroking the clitoris.

	Rachel massaged the clitoris while fucking Jane with dildo. It did not take much of the erotic treatment to bring Jane to a shattering orgasm. Jane's head jerked up, sending her ponytail flailing across her smooth shoulders and her upper back. She cried out as she came.

	She shook, then slumped down on the bed, her sweating body leaving damp smears where it reached the sheets. Jane sobbed for breath. Rachel kept the dildo inside Jane for a while. Jane's convulsively climaxing pussy clamped down on the dildo, squeezing it.

	Rachel stood on her knees with the dildo up inside Jane. She patted, petted and fondled the girl, while Jane sighed with orgasmic bliss. Finally Rachel took the dildo out of Jane. The dildo was shining with Jane's juices. Rachel lowered her head to kiss the girl between her legs.	The pussy lips quivered when Rachel smooched them lovingly.

	It had been a delightful afternoon of love, ever since Rachel had taken Jane home after school, brought her to the apartment, stripped her, and made love to her. It was over all too soon. Jane blinked the sweat out of her eyes, looked at the clock, and saw that it was time for her to go home. She cleaned herself up, dressed, and was driven home by Rachel.

	Rachel halted her car on the corner, at End of the block where Jane lived. She embraced the teen and kissed her on the mouth. After a long and loving goodbye kiss, Jane got out of the car. Rachel stayed where she was, watching Jill go down the street. Not until Jane was safely inside her house, did Rachel drive away.

	Dinner was wonderful, with the whole family together. Mom had made a fine meal, one which was delicious, but not overly filling. Nobody wanted to get so stuffed with good food that they would be unable to join into the after-dinner fun and games. Jane and Linda served the meal, and cleared the dishes after the food was eaten. It was warm in the dining room, the curtained windows fogged with steamy vapor.

	Bob Preston, Daddy, sat at the head of the table. The proud papa beamed as he admired the sight of his lovely wife, and his three attractive offspring. Ellen wore a frilly ruffled apron over a simple one-piece pale green dress that was remarkably filled out by her full figure. Linda wore the same outfit she had worn in the car. Jane wore a blouse and a plaid skirt and knee socks and loafers.

	The girls washed and dried the dishes, putting them away in the cupboard. Daddy heaped the logs high in the hearth, kindling a roaring fire which crackled and snapped and blazed warmly. He lowered the lights in the living room, then made sure that the curtains were pulled tight over the windows, so no passing outsider could glimpse inside. It was dim and intimate in the living room, with the fire throwing off a cheery red glow. Red patterns shifted on walls and the ceiling.

	The kitchen chores completed, the rest of the family gathered in the living room. Jane and Linda were all smiles, and kept casting knowing glances at each other. They stood side by side, holding hands. Mom and Daddy permitted the children to drink a little wine on special occasions, and this weekend certainly qualified as that. Crystal glasses filled with red wine were passed out to the family. The group gathered in a circle at the fire. They toasted each other, clinking glasses, then drinking.

	A drop of wine spilled on the corner of Jane's mouth and trickled down her chin. She brushed it off with the back of her hand. Before dinner, there had been a period of about an hour during which the various family members shaved, bathed, and refreshed themselves. Now they were scrubbed clean, soaped, shampooed, perfumed.

	Daddy made a special little speech, a short one really, pointing out that this weekend would be more special than most, since Mark would join them for the first time. Mark blushed and fidgeted. Mom stood next to him, taller than he was, even in her flat-heeled shoes. She slipped her arm around his waist, hugging him. The girls put down their glasses and hugged and kissed their blushing brother.

	Mark fidgeted happily. His older sister, Linda, pressed frontally against him, wrapping her arms around him, her breasts pressing his chest. She kissed him on the mouth. It was hardly a sisterly kiss. Her tongue probed for his mouth and when he opened it she stuck her tongue inside it. Mark gave a gasp of happy surprise. Linda rubbed against him, pressing her warm hips against his genitals, stirring fire in them.

	Jane tapped Linda on the shoulder, smilingly demanding her turn. Mark embraced Jane and kissed her lips. The mouths locked together, tongues thrusting and rubbing. Jane took his hand and put it on her lean hip. Mark squeezed her hip, then rubbed her thigh, caressing it through Jane's skirt, pulling up the hem in order to rub Jane's bare pink thighs.

	Daddy embraced his oldest daughter from behind. Linda leaned back into him, pressing her rounded buttocks against his groin. She moved her hips from side to side, up and down, massaging heat into Daddy's cock and balls. His penis squirmed against her rounded rear.

	Mom stood behind her son, kneading his shoulders while Jane kissed him. Mom put her hand on the curve of his ass and felt it through his trousers. Daddy was hard. His erection pressed the front of his trousers with an oversized bulge. He turned Linda so that she faced him.

	He pulled her blouse out of her long skirt and unbuttoned it down the front. Linda's lush breasts bobbed inside the bra which held them. Her stiff nipples jutted against the bra cups.
Linda's breasts lifted as she reached behind her back to unhook her bra. Daddy pulled the straps down off her shoulders, pulling off the bra. The bra fluttered to the floor, the first garment to fall there. Soon clothes would be dropping off like leaves in autumn.

	Linda's lush breasts jiggled and bobbed. Daddy put his hands on her hips and pulled her to him. Linda smiled saucily, lust shining in her dark eyes. Daddy kissed her some more, plunging his tongue into her mouth. Her nipples throbbed as they grazed his shirt front.

	Mom had taken over with Mark. Jane joined in, helping her mother undress her brother. Mark looked stunned, and he stood there staring. Mom took off his shirt, folding it neatly before placing it on a side table. Mark's lean torso was white and smooth, with small pink nipples. Mom caressed him, running her hands up and down his chest, toying with his nipples, pinching them stiff, her tender touch raising heat from his flesh. 

	Mark gasped when Jane reached for his belt and unbuckled it. She put her fingers inside the top of his pants and opened the catch. His zipper made a thin metallic racket as she pulled it down, exposing his bright white cotton undershorts, their crotch stretched out of shape by his erection. His pants fell down his long white legs, tumbling in a heap at his ankles.

	Jane put her hand on the head of his cock, pulling and playing with it. Jane tugged down his shorts. His cock sprang up, standing stiffly out from his hips. Mom rubbed and squeezed and kneaded his naked buttocks. Daddy stripped Linda down to her panties. Her clothes were scattered on the floor.

	The taste of her pussy that he had earlier enjoyed in the car had only whetted his appetite for the rest of his darling daughter. Linda tugged impatiently at his clothes, wrestling them off him. Daddy had to smile at her eager impatience. Soon he stood stark naked.

	His cock was a thick rod of flesh, bobbing, jerking, standing out over a pair, of stiffly swollen balls. He hurried Linda to the couch. She tumbled down on her back, lifting her legs off the carpet, swinging them up on the cushions, her pink form sinking deep in the plush cushions.

	Daddy knelt on the carpet at the side of thz couch. He lowered his head to her breasts, which stood up like hillocks crowned by fat stiff pink nipples at their summits. Daddy made free with his mouth on her breasts, caressing them with his Tips, sliding his tongue over the nipples, licking the rippling white bosom flesh. He closed his hand around her breast. Soft bosom flesh oozed through his fingers, while her stiff nipple rose from the top of his closed hand.	Holding that nipple in place, he pressed his puckered lips against it and sucked it inside, nibbling on the throbbing point of flesh.

	Linda put her hands on the back of his head, dreamily running her fingers through his hair, pulling his hot face down to her breasts.

	Mom excited Mark, while Jane took off her clothes. Mark was naked. His knees were weak, and his legs trembled with excitement. His stiff cock stood out in front of him. Mom's hand wrapped around his penis. Her touch was skilled and knowing, stroking heat into the shaft, pulling the penis, playing with his balls. Jane faced him, doing an artlessly unsophisticated strip act which was quite entirely exciting. Her beautiful breasts were revealed to her brother.

	Firelight threw a rich red glow on Jane's smooth shining pink flesh. Her pink nipples stood out stiffly. She opened her skirt and took it off. The sly miss had been naked under her skirt, and wore no panties. Jane's bush was all fluffy and fleecy from the bath she had taken earlier. Her pussy lips were pink and quivering. Jane said that she would give her little brother a real welcome into family fun.

	She knelt at his feet, bringing her round smooth face level with his groin. Mom's hand glided up and down on the penis, pulling heat into it. Jane licked her lips, wetting them. Mom brought Mark's erection to his sister's mouth. She rubbed the cock head back and forth over his face. Jane took the cock head inside her mouth, pressing her lips closed below the rim of the head. She slurped and sucked at the swollen head.

	Mom let go of her son's stiff penis, which remained firmly in place, held by the sexual suction of his sister's hot wet mouth. Mom opened her dress and took it off. The black lace bra and matching panties she wore were exciting, but her nudity was even more exciting. Mom took off her bra, her breasts tumbling free, the nipples standing out stiffly. Mark's attention was divided between Mom and Jane.

	Jane's mouth sucked and licked his swollen cock head, while Mom's big, lush, bounteous bosom jiggled just under his own hot face. Mom put her hand on the back of his neck, pulling his head to her breasts. Mark moaned, his face engulfed in soft smooth bosom flesh. Her breasts hung on either side of his face, enveloping him in soft flesh.

	Mom took a step back, then swayed her upper body from side to side, slapping her heavy breasts softly against her boy's face. Mom stood to one side of him, while Jane knelt at his feet. Jane's gripping fingers circled the base of his shaft. Her head bobbed forward, taking his cock deep into her mouth. His cock slid over the velvet bed of her tongue, which curled upward at the edges, enfolding the underside of his sensitive shaft.

	Jane sucked him, her head bobbing back and forth as her mouth moved up and down on his cock. Moaning, Mark moved his hips responsively. Saliva spilled from the corners of Jane's sucking mouth, wetting her chin. Mark's cock dripped with the stuff, which made it shine. Mom cupped her breast and brought her stiff nipple up to Mark's mouth.

	The nipple was a brown throbbing thimble of flesh, grazing his lips. He opened his mouth and she stuffed the nipple inside it. Mark sucked greedily at her breast, while his sister sucked his cock. 	Mark's hands moved shyly on his mother's flesh. She still wore her panties, which were sheer as black silk, and could be seen through.

	The full furry dark delta of her bush could be seen pressing the crotch of her panties. Mark touched her through the garment. Her pussy bps quivered as his touch glided through the panties. Mom pulled down her panties. After they were pulled down from her full hips, they tumbled down her legs. Mom moved her feet wider apart, spreading her legs, opening her plump smooth thighs to expose the dark dusky lips of her fully fleshed pussy.

	She took Mark's hand in her own, pressing his fingers against her sex, rubbing them up and down until he got the idea. He started rubbing her pussy himself, continuing when Mom took her hand off his. The pussy lips rippled and throbbed under his gliding fingers.

	Jane reached up, wrapping her soft hands on Mark's hips and holding them as she sucked his cock. Her ponytail whipped' wildly over her back and shoulders. Her downy pink cheeks were hollow as she sucked him, slurping wetly and wildly. Her tongue caressed his rod, licking internal heat into it.

	One of Jane's hands strayed from his hips, moving between his legs to toy with his swollen balls. She tapped them with the caressing tips of her fingers. Mark all but danced with excited lust. Jane sucked harder and faster.

	Mark thrust his hips in response to the rhythm of the mouthing, working his stiff cock over Jane's velvety lips and even softer tongue. He was going to come Jane sensed the signs. She took his rod deep in her mouth, wedging the cock head into the back of her throat.

	Her puckered lips pressed the thick base of his shaft, and her nostrils were tickled by his pubic hairs. His cock twitched on her tongue. Mark came. His gasps were muffled by the breast which filled his sucking mouth. Mom held his head tightly to her bosom as she came. Mark rose up on his tiptoes as he came, but he still kept on sucking Mom's fat thick nipple, while his sister sucked down the thick cream which gushed from his rod of flesh.

To Be Continued
