Working the Night Shift
by Micahe7l

Kara is a beautiful young girl that works overnight at a clothing store. She refuses to tell me which one cause she's afraid I'll visit and that is more than likely the case. She is 17 and very intelligent. She has somewhat long brown hair that reaches the middle of her back or there about. She has emerald green eyes that I'd say are football shaped. She has a small frame which perfectly supports her AA breast which by the way are very perky and unusually high sitting on her chest. When she speaks her voice is somewhat squeaky but not annoyingly so and she often times for some reason speaks with a fake British accent. I think she does that because I told her how sexy British accents are
I've known Kara for a couple of years now but we hadn't really talked online until just recently when she found me on Facebook. The hard part about talking to her online is I have to talk to her while she's at work. I know what you are thinking. What's so hard about that? What makes it difficult is that she works overnight and often times while she's at work I'm asleep.
Last night was different from usual because I was awake and as soon as I signed on to Yahoo messenger she IMed me. This was not unusual. What was different was that she now had a webcam and a microphone built into the camera.
She asked me if I wanted to see her on webcam and I jumped at the chance. She continued typing as opposed to actually talking. I reminded her that she didn't need to type that she could just speak. Then my speakers came alive with her high pitched cute little British accented voice. Hearing that fake accent and her gorgeous body was a major turn on. When I looked a the camera closely I noticed behind her was a whole bunch of bikinis and swim trunks for the upcoming late spring, summer, and early fall swimming and sunning season. I asked her about those and she explained that her office was also a storage space. I questioned why she had an office at the age of 17. She said cause I've been with this company for 3 years and I am that damn good at my job. She had worked for the company when she lived down in Miami and then transferred up her when her mom got transferred.
I jokingly asked her if she'd model one of the bikinis. We both laughed but then she asked if I really wanted her to. I said of course. She got a hesitant look on her face but then said she would. She grabbed several suits and laid them out in front of her. She held up the first one and asked which on she should try on. I asked her if she could try them all on. She got a thoughtful look on her face then said out loud why not. She stood up and stepped off screen to change into the first bikini an d when she got back on screen and I saw her my eyes nearly fell out of my head. Her beauty in that was shocking she looked so good in it. She did reach into one of the cups to adjust herself. I'm not sure if she meant to or not but she gave me a quick view of her tiny little pink tit. Then she turned around and showed me that fabulous ass as she was in a thong bikini. I didn't know they sold those in the northern states.
She went through the bikinis and picked out another one this one was green with gold flecks all over it. She shocked me with what she did then. She undressed right there on webcam. She took off the top and showed both of her fabulous breasts and then put the new top on. The she took off the bottoms of the firs suit showing me a bit of peach fuzz on her teenage pussy. The she proceeded to put on the bottom of the second suit. She looked up with a worried look on her face which quickly changed to a devilish little smile. She looked in to the camera and asked, "Did you enjoy my little show?"
I just smiled which was all she needed to know that I loved it. The second suit was a bit more conservative but still mind blowing sexy. It looked great on her and again she adjusted her breast inside the suit this time not bothering to attempt to stay covered. It became clear to me then that she was playing a game with me. I continued to smile and she changed out of that one and looked through the remaining ones before saying, "This is the last one for now." She pulled on the top and her small breast were spilling out of the top and as for the bottoms well they hid nothing even her bald mound was exposed. My smile grew even wider and she said I'm buying two of these. Me and Tiffani can wear them next time we go swimming. You can even see it in person.
She took off the bikini and I though she was gonna put her clothes back on but she didn't she just sat at her desk naked and with her legs widely spread. She dropped one hand down to her breast and the other to her pussy. She began fingering herself and pinching her nipples.
She looked at me realizing but not saying anything when she knew that my hand had left the keyboard and drooped below the table. She knew I was jacking off and she loved it. I told her, "If you don't stop doing that I will cum soon."
She shocked me when she said, "I wanna see your hard cock and when you cum." I was beyond words and my mind was reeling I figure that turn about was turn play so I took my hand off my hardening dick in my pants and began to undress. I was nude in a matter of seconds and back to the task at "hand." Her smile grew as mine had just moments ago and her fingers picked up the tempo both on her tits and working her pussy. She came hard and within about half a second of seeing that I was gone. I cam so hard I almost blacked out. I came so hard in fact it felt like it lasted longer than ANY orgasm I've ever had. She saw the cum all over my chest stomach and hand and said now eat it off and next time we're together during the day my pussy is yours. I said what about your ass and she asked," You wanna fuck my ass?" I just shook my head in the affirmative and she said, "Fine you can fuck my ass but you have to eat your cum and next time I get to eat it too.
I was reluctant to taste my cum for the first time but I really wanted to fuck her ass and get head from her so I ate it all down and to tell the truth it was pretty good. It was a lot sweeter than I thought it'd be. I figured it would taste like blood but it was not nearly as salty and quite a bit thicker. All in all it was okay enough. She asked me, "What does it taste like?"
I replied, "It is hard to explain but you will taste it soon enough. She smiled and nodded her head.
Later that morning after Kara had gone home to go to sleep. Tiffani called both me and her and invited us to go swimming. I wonder what'll happen there.
