Hit the Showers
By Lisa and Sharon

Julie and Jennie giggled as they entered the locker room. 
They were the last girls to leave the pool, Julie giving 
Jennie a little lesson that would help her make her turns 
a bit tighter and faster. All the things Julie had been 
teaching Jennie over the years had paid dividends. Jennie 
was in particularly high spirits. It wasn't everyday that 
a freshman made the varsity swim team and her exuberance 
was contagious to her cousin Julie and they both were 
getting very silly. 

Jennie had admired Julie for years and they had for years 
been more like sisters than cousins. Especially since 
that sad time six years ago which brought Jennie to live 
with Julie and her aunt for good.

Most of the other girls on the team had already showered 
and left. Betty and Mary were in the physical therapy 
room. Betty was stretched out naked on the table while 
Mary massaged Betty's shoulder. Betty had pulled a little 
muscle during workout and Mary had 'generously' offered 
to massage the pain away. The pain must have migrated 
some though as Mary's probing fingers were spending as 
much time on Betty's soft, rounded butt as on her 
shoulder! 

"Hey guys! Better finish that up elsewhere. You better 
not fall asleep and let Mr. Marston find you again!"

Betty and Mary both smiled at Julie's comment. They 
remembered well the time not long before when they had 
drifted off on that same table only to be discovered in 
each other's arms by Mr. Marston, the school janitor! 
There were rumors circulating around the school about Mr. 
Marston and how he had a thing for the girls! There were 
even rumors that he had been with some of the kids and 
that he wasn't a bad lover! And the sizeable bulge he 
displayed in his pants when he had been looking at them 
showed he wouldn't have minded getting it on with them! 
Not that either Betty or Mary would have really minded a 
little three-way playtime! Both girls were bi-sexual and 
horny little things to boot! But they had both freaked so 
when they had seen him, and had run out of the therapy 
room in such a state that he did not try anything with 
them. Being suddenly awakened by a strange man in a 
strange environment with your fingers nestled within your 
girlfriend's pussy was not necessarily conducive to 
positive sexual response!

But for now Betty settled back down, losing herself to 
the wonderful sensations of Mary's knowledgeable fingers, 
her large breasts flattened against the table. Her 
breasts were large by any standards and especially so on 
a female swimmer. Her upper body strength was 
proportionately well developed to overcome the drag 
produced by her generous mammaries.Despite extra tight 
swimsuits and other attempts to minimize their 
deleterious impact, her breasts remained obstacles to be 
overcome. But only in the pool while swimming! On dates 
Betty's breasts were NEVER an obstacle and ALWAYS led to 
faster action!

Julie and Jennie quickly skinned out of their wet suits 
and, grabbing their towels, headed towards the showers. 
The girls of the school generally did not use the showers 
after their physical education classes for two reasons. 
One was for lack of time. Teachers in post-gym periods 
never understood that if you showered after gym there was 
absolutely no way to be on time for next period. Better 
to stink than to serve detention! The other was because 
this locker room used to be the boys' locker room. After 
the new gym and pool had been constructed, the old locker 
rooms were going to be demolished. But just after the old 
girls' locker room had been torn down, and just before 
work had commenced on the boys' facility, there had been 
an explosion and fire in the chemistry lab. The lab had 
been located above the new girls' locker room and the 
fire had resulted in the complete destruction of that new 
facility only weeks after its opening. So the girls had 
inherited the old boys' locker room. Only temporarily! 
Two years ago! And this old locker room had gang showers!

Some of the female bodies of the student body resented 
being 'put on display' as it were in these showers. To 
the girls of the swim team it was not a problem though. 
They had seen each other in various stages of dress and 
undress so often that casual nudity in each other's 
presence was second nature. In their acceptance of the 
openness of the showers there was also an additional 
element at work!

A portion of the girls of the swim team had for some 
years now represented a particularly close group around 
school. They studied together, ate lunch together, and 
hung out together, as well as swam together. Not all the 
girls of course, but most of the team. This select core 
of girls also loved together!

It had started several years ago when two young lesbian 
members of the team were interrupted in mid-embrace in 
the showers by one of their teammates. Instead of shock, 
the intruder had responded with curiosity and passion and 
the duo became a threesome! Later the trio was expanded 
to a quartet and a legacy had begun. Some of the girls 
were gay, some were bi-sexual, but all grew to love the 
special friendship that was the basis of their 'clique.' 
Now, when new girls made the team they were carefully 
checked out as to their orientations and attitudes. If 
the signs appeared favorable, a member of the 'select 
committee' of the team approached the new member. If 
first contact was successful, the new inductee was then 
introduced to the rest of the inner circle.

Jennie did not know it yet, but she had been the subject 
of much discussion by that inner circle even before she 
had first tried out for the team. And even before her 
name had been posted as having made the team it had been 
decided that Julie would be the one to make the first 
overtures. Some of the girls had first thought the 
incestuous nature of a Julie-Jennie liaison 'weird', but 
they were made to realize that if Jennie WERE to be 
accepted into the inner circle she would have to be able 
to relate to ALL the other girls. That her cousin was one 
of them did not make a difference!

Though Julie had shared a room with Jennie since Jennie 
had come to live with her, and had as a child bathed with 
her, there had been no prior direct physical intimacy 
between them. Though their mutual bathing had been 
stopped by Julie's Mom years before, they were quite 
comfortable with each other and had seen each other nude 
more times than either could count. And since it had been 
decided that it would be Julie who would 'check out' 
Jennie if she made the team, Julie had been trying to 
introduce sexual overtones to most of their conversations 
trying to figure out what Jennie's initial response to 
her might be. 

So far Julie had concluded that Jennie was a much hotter 
little number than she had ever given her younger cousin 
credit for being. Though a virgin, Jennie was aching to 
be loved, both emotionally and physically! Her teenage 
hormones had her in such a state that Jennie had even 
admitted that she wouldn't mind playing around with 
another girl if she couldn't get a nice guy to love her. 
And soon! Several times at night Julie had heard the 
noises of Jennie's mattress moving and Jennie's muted 
moans as Jennie let her fingers explore her sensitive 
little spots. And she knew Jennie had on occasion heard 
her doing the same thing to herself! Playing with one's 
own pussy wasn't as nice as having someone else do it for 
you, but it sure beat not getting it played with at all!

And so, towels in hand, Julie and Jennie raced each other 
to the showers. Only Francesca was still there, and Julie 
noticed Jennie's mouth drop a bit and her eyes fixate on 
Francesca's body as Francesca stretched her limber body 
and washed away the last of the soapsuds. Francesca was 
VERY serious about her swimming and did all she could to 
wring every bit of speed out of her passage through the 
water. Her hair was exceptionally short. But what caught 
Jennie's eye was the fact that Francesca shaved. 
EVERYTHING! 

Jennie had heard about women shaving their pussies, but 
she had never seen the smooth depilated snatch of a grown 
woman before! So much smooth flesh down there was 
certainly different from the smooth flesh sported by the 
baby girls she had babysat and diapered. She felt her 
insides tighten a bit as she stared as the gleaming wet 
slit of Francesca's furrow. Julie noticed the object of 
Jennie gaze and smiled. This was going to work out great!

Francesca smiled at the newcomers as they began to lather 
up, and congratulated Jennie on having made the team. 
Francesca felt her own insides tighten as she gazed on 
Julie's familiar figure and on the softly rounded curves 
of the team's newest member. Though through with her 
shower, she lingered under the water a bit enjoying its 
warmth and the sight of her teammates' bodies. The team 
was well aware of Francesca's total lack of interest in 
males.

"Hope to see you tonight," Francesca said to Jennie as 
she turned off her shower and began to leave.

If Francesca's comment was a bit puzzling to Jennie, her 
next act was positively amazing. As Francesca passed 
Julie, her hand slid over Julie's tight breast and 
pinched lightly at the prominent nipple. 

Francesca gave a bit of a moan that soon turned to a yelp 
as Julie's hand gave Francesca a swift swat on the butt!

"Save that for later!"

Francesca gave a little pout and then a smile as Julie 
smiled at her. She left the showers, her small tight butt 
twitching and one check showing the pink mark of Julie's 
hand. Poor Jennie still looked a bit shocked after 
Francesca had left and Julie took note.

"What's the matter, hun?"

"What she did to you! The way she touched you!"

"Oh that!" Julie smiled at her cousin as she reflected on 
Francesca's touch and how nice it had actually felt. 
"Francesca is a sweetie, but she is also the horniest 
thing! She gets the hots for other girls and isn't at all 
afraid to show it."

Julie moved from her shower over next to her cousin and 
stood just inches from her. The two girls were just two 
inches apart in height so Julie was able to look deeply 
into Jennie's eyes as she spoke. 

"It really felt rather good you know. And it isn't like 
Francesca hasn't touched me before!"

Julie watched Jennie's eyes widen as the full impact of 
her words registered. 

"You mean you and she.. ."

Jennie's voice trailed off to nothing. She could not put 
words to what her mind was thinking. That her cousin and 
that girl had BEEN together was such an incredible 
thought! That they had been naked together and had DONE 
IT with each other!

"You know Jennie, you've said yourself that you wouldn't 
mind someone loving you, even if it were another girl! 
Well, lots of girls on the team feel the same way! It's 
not like we're all gay like Francesca or anything. Lots 
of us still like guys too. We just don't mind playing 
around together. It's fun! And you sure can't get 
pregnant from another girl!"

Jennie did not recoil from her cousin, but her mind 
worked feverishly trying to comprehend everything that 
Julie was saying. Though she admittedly had once said to 
Julie that she wouldn't mind a little action, regardless 
of the other person's gender, she had never really 
translated those words into specific thoughts. But now 
all she could think of was her sexy cousin cuddling naked 
with that sleek young swimmer. It was kind of turning her 
on. And she thought of the special thrill she had gotten 
down in her own secret place when she had looked at 
Francesca's denuded girl slit!

Jennie looked back into her cousin's eyes as Julie 
continued.

"You don't have to do this if you don't want to. All you 
have to do is say no and I will stop and that will be the 
end of it. You will still be on the team and everything. 
You just won't be a part of the best part of being on the 
team."

Julie reached up and rested the tips of her fingers on 
her younger cousin's shoulder. Jennie trembled slightly 
at the contact, but did not move away. As Julie's fingers 
began to slide down Jennie's arm Jennie just closed her 
eyes, let her head fall back, and moaned.

"But Julie! We're cousins. We shouldn't"

"It's OK Jennie. Haven't you ever heard of 'kissing 
cousins'?"

Jennie opened her eyes and just looked into Julie's. Both 
knew a threshold had been crossed as they closed their 
eyes and their lips met softly.

Unknown to Julie and Jennie, their situation was not as 
private as they assumed! The sight of the two young girls 
kissing in the shower was almost enough to make Cindy 
collapse right there! She had been watching that sexy 
little Francesca soap and caress her sleek little body 
and had been thrilled when Julie and Jennie had joined 
her in the shower. And now this! This was just TOO great!

Cindy Adams worked the middle finger of her right hand 
deeper into her very juicy girl hole and her left hand 
frantically squeezed her breasts still confined in her 
sports bra. The lights in her office were out and the 
blinds parted just enough so that she had a wonderful 
view of the showers but the girls had no idea she was 
there.

Cindy Adams had been the girls' physical education 
teacher and swimming coach here at Midvale High since she 
had graduated from Teacher College 6 years before. The 
most wonderful day of her career had been when the new 
locker room had been destroyed and the girls had been 
assigned the boys' old facility. The first time she had 
seen the gang showers with her office just feet away and 
with a magnificent view of the comings and goings at the 
shower her cunt had absolutely ached. 

For the only thing Cindy Adams enjoyed more than making 
love, whether to herself or another woman, was watching 
the soft bodies of other women as they made love. Even if 
they were not making love, just watching other women 
turned her on! It had not always been easy, but she had 
done everything in her power to delay and subvert the 
reconstruction of the girls' locker room. Always 
discretely of course! But this present arrangement was 
for her a dream come true!

Cindy Adams had never had much use for males. In high 
school they were always trying to grab at her lush body. 
When they failed in this, they used to say hateful, 
hurtful things about her. It was not until college that 
she fully realized that her attraction was to other 
women, not to men. A lesbian professor taught Cindy much 
more than philosophy during her matriculation. She taught 
Cindy the joys of female love. She also ingrained in 
Cindy the strength of character Cindy needed to accept 
and embrace her homosexuality. 

During her later years of college, Cindy expanded her 
social and sexual horizons to include other women. 
Sometimes alone, occasionally with her lesbian mentor, 
Cindy slowly but steadily pushed back the limits of her 
sheltered adolescence.

Since coming to Midvale, Cindy had enjoyed several 
relationships. Most had been with women uninvolved in 
education, but recently she had embarked on a new affair 
with a beautiful young girl fresh from college and 
recently hired to teach science. Together they had 
discovered quite a bit about their mutual interests in 
biology and chemistry! Once she had even brought her 
lover down to the pool late at night and the two had gone 
skinny-dipping before they made love next to the pool! 
And while she frequently enjoyed viewing the lush young 
bodies of her students, she was not about to jeopardize 
her welfare and future for the sake of a passing 
attraction to a student.

Her relationships had never altered the pleasure she 
received from gazing on other women's bodies and right 
now that pleasure was mounting steadily. Pausing in the 
frantic frigging of her cunt, Cindy stripped out of her 
sports bra and sweat pants and knickers. Being nude felt 
ever so much sexier and better and she resumed her self-
pleasuring as she watched the two teenage girls. She had 
already ensured that her office door was securely locked 
lest her peeping and pleasure be interrupted. Over her 
heated flesh her hands roamed but always returning to the 
soft swells of her breasts with their exquisitely 
sensitive long, dark nipples, and to the wet, wonderful 
slit of flesh between her legs and the tight, receptive 
cunt nestled therein.

While Julie and Jennie kissed and caressed in blissful 
ignorance of Coach Adams' watching, none of the three 
were aware that another set of eyes was watching each of 
them! Mr. Marston, the school's janitor, was currently 
seated before a bank of television monitors. His clothes 
lay in a pile next to the chair and his cock was huge and 
erect as he stroked himself and alternated between views 
of the two young girls on one screen and Coach Adams' 
masturbation on another! 

Jim Marston had been the school's custodian since he had 
been RIF-ed from the SEALS several years before. Jim had 
loved the Navy and would never forgive Clinton and his 
bitch wife for their anti-military attitude that had 
resulted in his being parted from a job he had truly 
loved. Initially forced to take the custodian job to pay 
the bills, Jim soon turned his misfortune to advantage. 

After several break-ins, the school had been installing a 
closed circuit security system to record activity around 
the school after hours. This installation just happened 
to coincide with his arrival at Midvale. With his 
electronics training, Jim easily completed the 
installation of the system himself, earning the gratitude 
of the principal and the administration for all the money 
he had saved them. What they did not know was that Jim, 
while working on the security system and supposedly on 
the building's plumbing and wiring, had vastly expanded 
the scope of the system beyond what had originally been 
envisioned!

The only thing Jim had ever loved as much as the Navy was 
women! And while he and Cindy Adams would NEVER have 
agreed on much of anything, had each known of the 
voyeuristic peculiarities of the other they would have 
been forced to agree on the statement that there was 
nothing more wonderful to watch than women! 

Jim expanded the security system to monitor public areas 
such as the gym, the pool, and classrooms and offices. He 
also expanded the systems monitoring to include locker 
rooms, showers, and offices, including Coach Adams' 
office. Many of the monitors did not record directly to 
the 'approved' recorders that were kept in a small office 
off his custodian's closet, but were tied to a relay that 
transmitted images to monitors Jim kept at his own home. 
Of course in theory he could be in big trouble if his 
surveillance activities became know, but over the years 
Jim had compiled a nice library of 'insurance' tapes. 

Included in his inventory were the principal mounting his 
secretary atop his desk and elsewhere; a history teacher 
getting a blow job from a young student eager for 'extra 
credit' to bring up her grade; the football coach 
buggering his star quarterback; the girls' swimming coach 
skinny-dipping and lady licking with the new science 
teacher; and ultimately, the superintendent himself 
getting his hands on a cheerleaders 'pom poms' and 
teaching her a few cheers she hadn't known before! This 
did not include a number of tapes of students, both male 
and female, getting it on! The straight shower activity 
tapes though were strictly with a female cast and were 
purely voyeuristic stroke material.

Both voyeurs, Jim and Cindy, became totally engrossed in 
the action in the girls' shower which was definitely far 
steamier than the water! The gentle kissing that had 
begun Julie and Jennie's activity and intensified to 
include lusty embraces and ever intensifying passion. The 
girls' hands slipped over the slick wet back and flanks 
of each other. Julie's crept inward to cup and caress 
Jennie's sweetly mounded puss. Jennie buried her face in 
Julie's shoulder as the wonderful sensations of this new 
and intimate caress swept through her. Julie eventually 
broke their embrace and her gentle caressing of Jennie's 
soft feminine folds to kneel in front of her cousin and 
gently lower her face to Jennie sweet little slit. 

Though neither girl could hear it, Jennie's moans were 
precisely mirrored by moans from Cindy Adams as she sank 
another finger into her cunt, and from Jim Marston as his 
hand flew up and down the length of his very long, very 
hard cock! And just as Cindy rubbed and squeezed her 
breasts, Jim pinched and pulled on his nipples! Both 
voyeurs felt that this 'show' was one of the best in a 
long time.

Julie could feel Jennie's legs becoming weak so she 
helped lower her cousin to the shower room floor. There, 
with the warm water cascading onto them, Julie buried her 
face deeply into her cousin's cuntal opening. Her tongue 
snaked out lashing against Jennie's throbbing clitoral 
bud, and then downward probing deeply into her still 
unfucked, and previously untasted cunt! Jennie squeezed 
her breasts and rocked her head from side to side 
overwhelmed by the exquisite sensations Julie was 
generating inside her. She had never felt as good or as 
sexually alive as she did at that moment.

Though lost in the wonderful feelings Julie was 
generating in her cunt, Jennie was aware that the pace 
and angle of Julie's licking changed. She opened her eyes 
and realized that Julie had pivoted her body such that 
Julie's sweet, hair fringed opening was now positioned 
directly over her own face! She raised her head and for 
the first time brought her lips into contact with another 
girl's sex! Soon her tongue flicked out and slipped 
between Julie's aroused and open cunt lips. From Julie's 
trembling Jennie knew that she was succeeding in giving 
Julie the same sort of pleasure that Julie was giving to 
her! 

At some point the girls rolled slightly so that each girl 
was now on her side with her head resting on her cousin's 
thigh and her face buried in her cousin's snatch. Lick 
and suck, touch and probe, the two girls brought each 
other closer and closer to release! Finally Jennie's body 
stiffened and shuddered as she climaxed, followed moments 
later by Julie's climactic twitching.

The two girls relaxed and the wonderful waves of orgasm 
subsided. Cindy Adams staggered over to the cot in her 
office and frantically bucking her hips forced her cunt 
harder against her impaling fingers. Circular rubbing of 
her clit with her fingertips was interspersed with deep 
and forceful impalement of her hot woman hole by her 
stiff fingers. Harder and harder, faster and faster she 
soon stiffened and whimpered as her climax arrived. 

Cindy's climax was the final straw for Jim Marston as he 
closed his eyes and pumped his cock. Soon he too was lost 
in orgasm, his thick white sauce jetting out of his penis 
and arcing onto his chest in jet after jet until the 
final dribbles just sort of oozed from the tip of his now 
softening phallus and dribbled down its length. Though 
all were for the moment very satiated, soon four very 
satisfied persons felt 'normalcy' returning to their very 
satisfied bodies and minds.

Julie and Jennie roused themselves from the shower room 
floor and returned to the locker room where they began to 
dress. Both were very quiet at first, but speech slowly 
returned.

"Hope you enjoyed that Jennie"

"Oh Julie! You KNOW I did!

"I'm glad hun! Betty is having a special party at her 
house tonight. After what just happened, it is also going 
to be sort of a 'Welcome to the team' party for you. 
Francesca and the other girls are going to be there. And 
remember what I said earlier about what some of the other 
girls like? Well hun, this is the kind of party you DON'T 
have to dress for!"

Julie was pleased with the look of delighted excitement 
that lit up Jennie's face!


	-The End -
