One of the problems of Santa Ria - especially at this time of year – was that because everybody knew each other, it meant that effectively the whole village was on your Christmas card list. The process of deciding who you had to buy proper gifts for and who you could get away with giving just a token, was excruciating.

Rimmer had taken Lister’s cue and had instigated a Secret Santa system with his close friends; but the dilemma of deciding who they were going to buy presents for as a couple was still a real problem. Ethan pretty much went without saying, as did the rest of the posse, but if they got something for John who ran the bakery, would they have to get something for Mrs Richmond at the butchers too?

Kriss was feeling smug because her position as school teacher meant that she was guaranteed of getting a good haul off the pupils without being required to give them anything in return, but for everyone else it wasn’t quite that simple.

One thing Lister was grateful for was that he’d picked Adam out of the hat when organising the Secret Santa with his mates. At least that had been an easy present to find. A bottle of coconut rum would always go down well with Adam.

The snow finally came a week before the Christmas celebrations; carried on icy winds that roared in across the plains. The enticing smells of a feast in preparation were starting to waft through the village from hut to hut; promising spicy fruit pies and sweet, sugary cakes. Despite the lack of gaudy decorations, or the clanging cacophony of seasonal songs that had been Christmas number one thousands of years previously, Lister was starting to feel quite jolly – not least because of the prospect of all that delicious food.

They’d spent so many years in deep space living off dried that and re-hydrated this and can after can of preserved whatever, that they’d pretty much forgotten what real fresh food tasted like. It had been a wonderful experience remembering and even now – almost a year later – it was something that none of them took for granted.

The night before the celebrations, Rimmer came back to their hut after he’d finished patrolling the village; and found Lister balancing on a chair, trying to wedge sprigs of holly around the room. “What are you doing?” he asked, shaking his head.

“It’s Christmas Eve, man! I’m decorating!”

“But we don’t have any decorations,” Rimmer pointed out.

“Oh, yes, we do,” Lister argued, brandishing the holly, “We’ve got proper old-fashioned traditional ones like they used back in the olden days. No plastic, no electric lights – just bringing the outdoors indoors to celebrate the season. And,” he grinned and hopped down from his chair to saunter over to Rimmer, “I found some of this too.” He produced a sprig of mistletoe and held it up proudly.

“My, my. We have gone traditional, haven’t we?”

“Kiss please,” Lister pressed. Rimmer obliged happily. “Very nice,” Lister smiled, “Now tell me where you’ve hidden my Christmas present.”

“You’ll get it tomorrow morning and not a minute before,” Rimmer scolded playfully. “We can give the rest out at the party in the evening.” He gestured to a massive pile of packages nestled in one corner away from the fire. “How are we going to carry them all?” Lister asked.

“We’ll manage. Maybe we could take some of the old pillowcases from Starbug along. Like Santa sacks!”

“That would be cool,” Lister grinned.

Rimmer yawned, “Let’s have dinner and get into bed, shall we? Don’t want to be awake when Father Christmas comes, after all.”

“I think we’ve been good this year. We saved the universe remember?”

“You have a point. But on the other hand, we’ve done some pretty naughty stuff too,” he slipped an arm around Lister’s waist and raised an eyebrow. 

“Well, the way I see it, saving the universe is such a massive good thing that you’ve got to do some naughty stuff just to balance it out,” Lister philosophised. “In fact, I don’t know if we’ve been quite bad enough. Maybe we should see to that before Santa comes...”