Class Mates

Felix Phile copyright 2000

This story is dedicated to the kind readers who responded so 
graciously to my previous story - "The Key". This story is my 
thanks.

+-------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                             |
|   I had planned to post only the first part of this         |
|   story to ASSM and make you to go to my website at         |
|   ASSTR to get the second half. This would let me know      |
|   how many people are reading my stories.                   |
|                                                             |
|   But I found out that the good people at ASSM do not       |
|   allow this because of problems they've had with           |
|   commercial sites doing the same thing and forcing         |
|   readers to pay.                                           |
|   So, to keep everything in the cooperative spirit of       |
|   ASSTR I'm asking you, the reader, to pay me back          |
|   for this story by sending me an email or by going to      |
|   my website and reading a story. What could be better?     |
|   So, pour yourself a beer, find a comfortable chair,       |
|   and enjoy "Class Mates".                                  |
|                                                             |
|   - Felix, Sept. 2000                                       |
|                                                             |
|   felixphile@hotmail.com                                    |
|   http://www.asstr.org/~FelixPhile                          |
|                                                             |
+-------------------------------------------------------------+

~~~

It was Christmas and it was snowing. Well, it wasn't exactly 
Christmas - it was the Christmas break. I was at university 
working towards a degree that was probably going to be in 
Computer Science. I lived in residence and wouldn't be going home 
for several days. Meanwhile, just about everyone else had 
finished exams and departed.

One of the few people left in residence was my buddy Chris, who 
was sitting in the single chair in my room. I was sitting on my 
bed, propped up against the wall while we watched a movie on my 
pitiful 12-inch black-and-white TV. Since the campus was almost 
deserted we were killing the evening, shooting the shit and 
sucking back brewskis.

We weren't best buddies but we did spend a lot of time together. 
We took many of the same courses, put in a lot of time in the 
computer centre, went to the residence parties, and had a bunch 
of common friends. Right now we were both wearing sweatshirts and 
beat-up jeans. The most obvious thing that set us apart was that 
I was a guy and Chris was a girl. Not that I really paid much 
attention to that. I never really thought of Chris as a girl, not 
as one of those mysterious, delicate, desirable, incomprehensible 
creatures that lurked on the periphery of my existence.

Chris was just one of the guys. She wasn't pretty - not that she 
was ugly, she just wasn't anything - plain, I guess you'd say. 
She had long straight brown hair, a round face, never wore makeup 
or dressed in anything but jeans or sweats. She never giggled but 
would laugh. She drank her beer out of the bottle. I suppose she 
had tits but she never tried to make you aware of them. In short, 
she was a classic tomboy.

So there we were, watching the TV and getting a nice little buzz 
going. I don't remember what the movie was and we weren't paying 
much attention anyway. Chris started poking through a pile of 
magazines that was lying on the table when she suddenly said, 
"Jeez, you look at this shit?"

She pulled a magazine out of the pile and held it up for me to 
see. It was an issue of Hustler. "You don't really read this 
crap, do you?" she asked.

"No one reads it," I said, "they just look at the pictures."

"You like looking at it? These are gross, I can't believe anyone 
pays for this," she exclaimed as she flipped through the 
magazine.

"It's not my favourite, but if there's nothing else around I'll 
look at it. And besides, I didn't buy it, Bob gave it to me when 
he left." I explained.

"Oh, come on, you don't look at this shit, do you?" she said as 
she looked up at me.

"Hey, I don't have a girlfriend, I have to make do with 
something."

"And what's that mean?"

It must have been the beer, because I replied a little more 
honestly than I might have, "Well, I've got to get some relief 
somehow. It's not like I've got a girlfriend to take care of my 
needs."

She looked at me for a moment as she realized what I was talking 
about. It was like she was seeing me a little differently. Then 
she said, "Why don't you find someone?"

"It's not like I don't want to. I don't exactly have a lot of 
time to socialize with our homework load, and I'm not doing too 
well at the parties."

It wasn't like I was a total social washout, just that residence 
parties are the same group of people every time and tended to 
follow a predictable pattern which ended up with me going home 
alone. Well, except for one time the previous year when Karen and 
I both got blitzed at a party and she came back to my room. But 
that's another story and I can't remember any of the details 
anyway due to excess inebriation.

I expanded on my point, "It's like living in a small town here. 
You spend a night with someone and everyone knows the next day. I 
don't have time for a girlfriend and I didn't feel like fucking 
Charise."

Charise was one of the few girls in residence that screwed around 
and would always have one or two guys trying to take her home at 
each party.

Chris threw the magazine on the table and leaned back saying, "I 
know what you mean, I haven't seen my boyfriend since we broke up 
in the summer. It's not like I'm getting any action either."

Now, I had never thought about Chris as having a need for 
'action'. I guess this was because I'd never seen her a sexual 
person. I mean - as far as I knew, she was a normal healthy young 
woman with normal needs - I'd just never looked at her that way. 
I didn't even know she'd had a boyfriend.

So this thought of Chris needing to get relief ran through my 
head, and being intrigued about what girls did about it I asked, 
"What do you do about it?"

"Oh, like I'm going to tell you!"

"Why not? You know about my magazines."

"Okay, if you really need to know - I spend an evening with 
Artie."

Thinking Artie is some guy she visits, I asked, "Who the hell is 
Artie?"

Chris didn't answer for a little while. Maybe she thought she'd 
said too much. But I wasn't going to let it go by, especially as 
I'd already made my confession to her.

"Come on, 'fess up, who's Artie?"

Chris gave in and mumbled, "Artie is my artificial stimulator."

"What do you mean, 'artificial stimulator'?"

Chris looked at me somehow combining annoyance and embarrassment 
in her voice as she said, "It's a vibrator, Shit-for-brains!"

This sure shut my mouth for a while. I sat there thinking about 
Chris needing to get off and using a vibrator. Some images went 
through my head of Chris in her bed using a vibrator and I 
started to get really horny.

After a while I figured I had to say something, so I said, "Well, 
there you go, you're all taken care of. It beats not having 
anything."

She looked at me, probably deciding if she wanted to keep talking 
about it, then said, "Yeah right, a piece of plastic and a 
battery! Like that's a replacement. You get a real warm, cozy 
feeling with that. Try getting friendly with your refrigerator 
sometime, why don't you?"

I paused for a moment, and then said, "We're a real fucking pair, 
aren't we? Having to jerk off in our rooms because we don't have 
the time to get laid."

"Yeah, really amusing ain't it?" she replied with a smile.

I think at this point we were both thinking along the same line, 
but neither was sure if it should be mentioned. I thought maybe 
if I said anything Chris would get pissed off. But I was horny 
and buzzed, a dangerous combination.

"There is a solution, you know," I said.

Chris looked at me kind of sideways, "What do you mean?"

"We could help each other, give each other a hand like."

"What are you saying?"

"Nothing serious, just help each other get a little relief. In a 
friendly way."

I'm pretty sure Chris was just as horny as me, because she wasn't 
telling me to fuck off or anything. I put down my beer on the 
night table, then spread my legs out.

"Come here and sit between my legs," I told her.

She gave me a look that I didn't quite understand, then stood up, 
moved over to the bed, and sat down with her back to me. She sat 
up straight, like she wasn't quite sure what I had planned, or 
whether she should trust me. I reached up and started rubbing her 
shoulders through the sweatshirt, sliding my hands up and down 
her back, until I could feel her relax a bit. Then I pulled back 
on her shoulders until she leaned back against my chest.

I rubbed lightly up and down her arms and then onto her forearms, 
which were resting on her thighs. After a minute or two of this, 
I slid my hands under her arms and onto her thighs. I felt Chris 
tense up a bit, then she said, "Are you sure about this?"

I said softly as I continued to stroke her thighs, "Yeah, I'm 
sure. I'm just helping out a friend who needs a little 
assistance. Just helping a friend, that's all. Now, just relax 
and enjoy."

With that she gradually relaxed again and let her hands fall to 
the bed. I kept stroking but slowly moved my hands inwards until 
I was rubbing the inside of her thighs, then I pushed slowly but 
firmly until she moved her legs a little further apart.

I brought my hand up the inside of her thigh until I was stroking 
between her legs. I could feel warmth through her jeans and her 
hips start a gentle rocking. I rubbed up and down, pushing on the 
thick seam in her jeans for several minutes as Chris began to get 
more and more into it.

I moved my other hand to her waist and popped open the button 
holding her jeans closed, then slid the tab of her zipper down as 
far as it would go. I tried to slide my hand down over her 
panties but the crotch of her jeans was too tight. I tried 
wiggling my hand around and got my fingertips inside her jeans 
but that was as far as they'd go. I spoke quietly into Chris's 
ear, "Your jeans are in the way, they have to come off."

She thought about it for a moment, then mumbled, "Okay."

Lifting her butt off the bed, Chris put her hands to her 
waistband and started to wriggle her way out of the jeans. Being 
full hipped, this took some work and her panties started to slide 
down with the jeans. I could see the beginnings of full, unkempt 
brush of dark-brown hair before she pulled them back up. Sitting 
up she pulled her jeans off her legs; I took the opportunity to 
reach into my own jeans and adjust my erection to a more 
comfortable position.

Chris lay back against me and I slid my hand over her satin 
bikini panties (I had expected white cotton), and down between 
her legs once more. I could feel heat and dampness through the 
fabric as I ran my fingers up and down the slippery material. As 
I pressed on the crotch of her panties, it worked its way into 
her crevice. I was able to feel all the intimate details of 
Chris's lips, her opening, her clit, as I worked on bringing her 
to orgasm.

My original thought had been to keep this as distant as possible; 
to keep things on a 'friendly' basis. I was going to touch her 
just enough to bring 'relief'. This was supposed to be just 
helping in the same way you might scratch an itch on a friend's 
back that she couldn't reach.

As they say, no plan survives contact with the enemy. Once I was 
sitting there with my hand in her crotch feeling her panties 
sliding around in her juices I couldn't leave it at that - I had 
to have direct contact. I pulled my hand back to the top of her 
panties and put my fingertips under the edge.

Chris did nothing to stop me so I continued to move my hand 
further down. I felt the edge of her pubic hair and spread my 
fingers letting the hairs run between them. I felt the bulge of 
her mound and then the separation as my middle finger ran down 
into her cleft.

As my fingers continued to move through the hair I could feel the 
wetness soaking through it. My fingers reached her crevice and I 
could feel it running with lubrication. I started stroking up and 
down, rubbing the bump at the top on every upstroke.

This brought a series of moans from Chris, and started her hips 
moving in time with my hand. I began to run a couple of fingers 
into her pussy at the bottom of the stroke while keeping the edge 
of my hand against her clit. It wasn't long before Chris started 
moaning, "Oh god, oh god," over and over. She soon reached her 
orgasm and pushed my hand away from her pussy.

We stayed in that position for a little while Chris recovered, 
then she started to slide her back, which was partially resting 
against my crotch, from side to side. Now that she wasn't so 
preoccupied she had noticed my own predicament. "It feels like 
you could use a little help yourself," she said as she rolled 
over on her stomach and slid down the bed between my legs.

Propping herself up on her elbows, Chris began rubbing the ridge 
in my pants. This felt wonderful; no one beside myself had 
touched it in a very long time. I lay back and closed my eyes 
while I enjoyed the sensation. Very soon, I felt my jeans being 
opened and the zipper pulled down.

"Take `em off," Chris commanded.

I flipped a leg over Chris's head so that I was sitting on the 
edge of the bed. I thought for a second, then pushed both my 
jeans and underwear off. My briefs would just be in the way, I 
figured.

I flipped my leg back over Chris and moved back into position. 
She reached up and slid her hand up and down my rock-hard boner. 
"Oh, shit," I said and closed my eyes once more. I felt a hand 
wrap around my dick and start sliding up and down while another 
one cupped my balls.

In spite of the beers I'd drunk, it wasn't long before this had 
the expected effect. I could feel my own orgasm approaching and 
I'm sure Chris could too. Her hand started moving faster, then 
stopped suddenly and pulled my dick towards her. I was just about 
to say, "Don't stop!" when I felt a warm wetness surround the 
head.

Chris pushed her head down taking my dick into her mouth, then 
sucked hard as she pulled it back. She went down again, and that 
was all it took. The cum came shooting out in hot spurts as my 
balls spasmed, pumping it through my dick. Soon it was over and 
my erection faded. Chris sucked the last drops out of my 
shrinking boner, then let it slip from her mouth.

I lay there, savouring the feeling of the first orgasm I had with 
someone else's help in many months.

I think I must have fallen asleep at this point because next 
thing I knew was that I was waking up with the clock showing 
sometime in the wee hours of the morning. I was still wearing 
just my sweatshirt and socks, but a blanket had been thrown over 
me. There was no sign of Chris or what had happened except for 
the empty beer bottles on my desk.

I took off the sweatshirt and socks, put on some shorts and 
headed down the hall to brush my teeth. For prophylaxis I drank a 
few glasses of water, then headed back to bed to sleep it off.

--

The next morning I woke up late after a long and sound sleep. I 
seemed to have been spared the ravages of the demon drink and 
felt pretty good. I lay in be for a while thinking about the 
events of the previous night and wondering what I was going to do 
about Chris. Now that the head between my shoulders was clear of 
alcohol and the head between my legs was slumbering, I became 
concerned about how this episode would affect our relationship. 
We'd been friends for a couple of years and I was worried that 
things were about to become really uncomfortable between us. It 
wouldn't be the first time that a girl had gotten really cold 
towards me after a one-night stand. Some women couldn't admit 
they were just as eager, and acted like I took advantage of them 
while they were drunk. Or they pretend they weren't aware of what 
was going on.

I grabbed a towel and headed down the hall to the shower. Letting 
the water run over my head, I replayed the blowjob in my head, 
and gave myself a couple of strokes thinking about how good it 
was. I wasn't ready for a real jerk-off, but I would probably 
head back to my room after breakfast to finish off.

I got out of the shower, dried off, and went back to my room to 
dress. By this time I was feeling pretty hungry so I headed out 
to the cafeteria for some food. I had plans to take advantage of 
the all-day breakfast - two eggs, toast, sausage, home-fries, and 
a lot of coffee; I'd worked up a real appetite.

I placed my order and flipped through the college paper while I 
waited. When my food was ready I grabbed my tray and went looking 
for a table. Not surprisingly, the place was pretty much empty, 
just one other person sitting at a table. I realized with a bit 
of a shock that it was Chris.

'Might as well get this over,' I thought to myself, and headed 
over to her table. As I put my tray down she looked up from her 
reading. "Hi," I said as I sat down.

Chris said, "Hi," and closed her book.

I started assembling a forkful of egg, sausage, and toast. "How's 
it going?" I asked just before putting the fork-load into my 
mouth.

"It's going OK, how's it going with you?"

"Wew enuv," I mumbled around my mouthful. We continued in this 
line of social pleasantry for a while, then segued into a 
discussion of the book she was reading while I scarfed down my 
meal. I wiped my plate with the last of my toast, shoved it into 
my mouth, and picked up my coffee.

I wanted to broach the subject of what we did the previous 
evening, but I wanted to ease gently into it. "Did you sleep 
well?" I asked.

"Yeah, pretty good. How about you?"

"Best sleep I've had in months."

"Well, you were snoring pretty good when I left."

"Yeah, um, well, sorry about that. Beer does that to me 
sometimes."

"Beer, right!" she said sarcastically, then "You guys are always 
falling asleep as soon as you're done."

I figured her ex-boyfriend had been pretty quick to start sawing 
wood after sex. I looked at her and smiled, "I have to admit I 
was pretty relaxed. No more pressures I guess."

"Yeah, I was pretty relaxed too," she admitted, "I slept really 
good."

I decided to get more serious. "Chris, what happened last night, 
I hope it doesn't mess anything up between us. I mean - we're 
friends right? I don't want to fuck that up."

Chris looked at me for a moment, thinking about what she was 
going to say, then told me, "I've got no regrets about last 
night, it was something we both needed. If it makes you feel 
better to pretend it never happened, then that's okay with me."

"No, it's not like that, I just don't want it to change things - 
I don't want to forget." I paused for a moment, "Besides, it was 
just friend helping friend, right?"

"That's right, we were just helping each other out," she agreed.

This talk was making me think about what had happened, and I was 
getting a soft-on. You know - when your dick is getting 
interested, and inflating a little, just not getting hard. My 
little head prompted me to say, "Hey, I never met your friend 
Artie, d'ya think you could introduce us sometime?"

Chris scowled at me, then said, "Fucking guy, is there nothing 
else you think about?" But she smiled when she said it.

"No, not really. Not for very long, anyway."

At this, Chris stood up and said, "I'm heading back, you ready?"

"Sure," I said and got up. We left our trays by the exit and 
headed out.

We started walking back, not saying anything. I was lost in 
thought, mostly about how I was feeling really horny again. Chris 
seemed to be thinking about something too.

I wasn't paying much attention to where we were heading, and 
eventually realized that we were at her building. Chris pulled 
open the door, then held it, waiting for me to go through. We 
went to her room, a place I'd been many times before. I flopped 
into a chair as she sat on the bed.

"So where's Artie?" I asked.

"Jesus, you really want to see it?"

"Naw, I'm just trying to bug you. I would like to see one in use 
someday though. Standard male fantasy number two, I think. Right 
after two women."

"Guys are so sleazy!"

"OK then, what turns your crank?"

Chris looked at me, like she was deciding whether she really 
wanted to say.

"You really want to know?"

"Yeah, I would like to know."

She looked down at the bed, then at me and said, "I never had 
anyone lick me."

"You mean, like down there? As in muff diving?"

Chris looked down at the bed again, and started picking lint off 
of it, "Yeah, like that."

"Shit, what about your boyfriend?"

"He just wouldn't -- okay?"

Of course all this talk had me rock hard by now. And I was 
willing to help out my friend. I told Chris, "Well, be prepared 
to fulfill your fantasy."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I'll take care of it for you. I'm ready to help out my 
friend, and besides, I think I owe you one."

"You really mean it?"

I stood up so Chris could see the lump in my pants, "Yeah, I mean 
it. Now take off your pants."

Chris stood up, then undid her jeans. She started to wiggle out 
of them, this time taking her panties down with them. As she 
pushed them down to her ankles I got a good look at her pussy. It 
was a full, untrimmed bush and I could barely make out the cleft 
between her lips.

"Now what?" she asked.

"Lie down."

She did, and I moved around to the end of the bed. I put my hands 
on her knees, then pushed them up and apart. I kneeled between 
them and started stroking her inner thighs. I worked my hands up 
to her pussy and gently brushed the hair, gradually rubbing 
harder. I could tell that she was already lubricating, probably 
turned-on by our talk.

I slid a finger into her wet slit, then parted the lips with my 
thumbs. The inner lips were swollen and I could see moisture 
seeping out of the hole. I bent down and ran my tongue up her 
pink slit to her clit. Chris moaned deeply and hunched her hips. 
I kept up the licking, running my tongue from the widening hole 
at one end to her hard clit at the other.

Occasionally I would switch to sucking her clit like a nipple, or 
pushing my tongue up her cunt like a small dick. Fairly quickly 
Chris was moaning and writhing out of control. Just to see what 
would happen I lifted her butt with my hands and stuck my tongue 
into her asshole. Chris gasped at this then started writhing 
again as she adjusted to the new sensation.

Thinking that she was near orgasm, I moved back to her clit and 
started licking it hard with the flat of my tongue, while pushing 
a finger slowly in and out of her. This got her hips pumping hard 
and she kept saying, "Oh god, oh god," over and over. Then she 
just went "Ungh, ungh, ungh," and collapsed.

Knowing she would be very sensitive at this point, I backed off. 
I pushed myself up on my knees and wiped my mouth on my sleeve. 
Chris opened her eyes and looked at me, then said, "Wow, you know 
what you're doing."

"I've had a little practice, I guess."

Chris reached out her hand and started gently rubbing the head of 
my dick that was pointing at her through my sweatpants.

"Take 'em off," she said. I was beginning to think she liked 
ordering guys around.

I undid the string and pushed my sweats and briefs down to my 
knees. I was about to get up when Chris said, "That's enough," 
then grabbed my rigid dick. She stroked it up and down a couple 
of times, rubbing her thumb through the clear drip that seeped 
out the end.

"Put it in," she said.

I looked down at her and asked, "Are you sure?"

"Yeah, I'm sure," she said and started pulling my dick towards 
her.

"What about protection?"

"I'm still on the pill. I never stopped after the summer."

"Okay," I said and moved closer. As I bent over Chris guided my 
cock into her pussy. I pushed in slowly. Chris was ready, 
dripping wet, and wide open. I began to pump in and out, knowing 
it wouldn't last long. Luckily, Chris was still excited and ready 
for another orgasm. It didn't take many strokes before she was 
cumming again. As her pussy squeezed hard around my shaft I began 
shooting my load into her. It was great, even better than getting 
blown the night before.

I finished and collapsed beside her. As we lay there I slid a 
hand under her sweatshirt and slowly stroked the braless tits I 
still hadn't seen. We lay like that for a while, then I said, 
"So, what do you want to do today?"

Chris reached down to my shriveled dick, rubbed it lightly, then 
said, "First thing is to keep you awake, then let's see if this 
guy wants to play some more."

"Fine with me," I said.

--

I was only in residence two more days before I went home for 
Christmas, and we spent a good part of that in one bed or 
another. We talked about what we were doing and neither of us 
wanted anything more than to be friends, even if we were 'special 
friends'.

When the winter term started we went back to the usual situation, 
except that every week or two we seemed to work together on a 
project, with the door closed. 

-XXX-
