Though Severus Snape had never found himself attracted to a woman, even he was not immune to the beauty of Narcissa Black. Tall, slender, with blonde hair that seemed naturally to fall in waves about her face, she moved with grace and danced with a stylish if formal elegance. Together she and Lucius Malfoy made a couple everyone watched -- some with envy, some with admiration, but never disinterest. Severus would have thought the two of them lived in a perpetual state of bliss, were it not for the strained smile Lucius wore and the absence of any sign of pleasure on Narcissa's face as they moved together across the floor.

Bellatrix Black was not what he would have called beautiful. As tall as her sister, she was nevertheless dark where Narcissa was fair, with a jutting chin and heavy-lidded eyes, and her voice had none of the studied modulation of the more refined purebloods. Her hair flew wildly about, messy even by the lax standards of a May Day celebration. Lucius had been right that Severus' lack of dance training would be no obstacle with Bellatrix; she was perfectly happy to whirl about the floor, frightening the formal dancers into shuffling out of the way.

"Lucius told me to be gentle with you," she said to Severus in a taunting voice, but her smile suggested that she was more intrigued than scornful. "I didn't think Lucius had any friends -- only little minions who do his bidding. Are you a little minion, Severus?"

"I am not," he told her. Bellatrix let out a loud, raucous laugh that turned heads, including that of Severus' own mother, but her look was approving; for him to be seen dating a Black would bring stature to the Snape family despite Bellatrix's very revealing attire and the firewhiskey in which she overindulged. "Lucius is simply aware of my inexperience as a dancer."

"As a dancer?" she asked, again with a curious smile, and her voice changed to something akin to baby talk. "Are you more skilled in other areas, little Severus?"

"Don't call me little," he said firmly, refusing to take the bait. It mattered to him very little what Bellatrix Black thought of him except inasmuch as he did not want to anger Lucius, who seemed to be harboring the delusion that it would be enjoyable if the four of them -- Lucius, Narcissa, Bellatrix and Severus -- were all able to socialize together. Bellatrix seemed aware of Severus' disinterest and determined to change it, more as a matter of pride than out of any personal interest in him.

Thus far it had been entertaining to allow it. Though Severus did not enjoy being on display, particularly in front of so many prominent purebloods, he had been aware at several times of Lucius watching him closely, and it seemed to him that Lucius might have been looking at him somewhat possessively, and at Bellatrix with resentment. He was peering now over Narcissa's shoulder, and although he had a smile holding his face as rigidly as though he'd used a spell to keep it there, his eyes were icy.

"He's watching us," Bellatrix whispered in Snape's ear. "Just ignore him. He can't have everything he wants -- it simply wouldn't be fair -- ouch!" With a laugh she pulled her foot from beneath Snape's where he had stepped on it, unable to concentrate on dancing. Could she know? His heart was in his throat. He stared into her face, but her twisted smile revealed nothing beyond her contempt -- for him, for Lucius, he couldn't guess. Leaning, forward again, she murmured into his ear: "I'm the best he ever had, I'm sure. My sister won't do it until they're married. Her virginity is worth more to him than a wife who will know how to make him come."

"You fucked him?" Snape asked, stupidly and too loudly; he heard gasps and murmurs from nearby and prayed that his parents were not dancing anywhere close. "Oh." His terror faded quickly into fury. Lucius was still watching them, but Snape refused to meet his eyes.

"What's the matter, disappointed you didn't have me first?" asked Bellatrix, apparently pleased. "Don't worry, you'll get your turn. Lucius gave me so many warnings about how shy you were that now I'm curious." Again she flashed the smile. "Think you can find your way under my skirt? We could go to the garden and find out."

Outside, some of the wilder young wizards were making a mockery of the Beltane tradition of jumping the broom, though more traditional fertility revels had been going on all evening beneath the hedges and in the open by those lucky few with invisibility cloaks. Severus did not relish the thought of being anywhere so public with an amorous Bellatrix, but he too had had more than a bit of firewhiskey, his curiosity was intense, and he could not repress the desire to make Lucius suffer the way he himself suffered each time Lucius stroked Narcissa's lovely bare shoulders or kissed her hand.

Lacing his fingers through Bellatrix's, he tugged her firmly toward the ballroom doors. Her expression turned sultry, and she made a show of swishing her hips and winking at those they passed as Severus led her into the main hall of the house where many of the older guests who eschewed the more exuberant May Day revels had gathered to smoke dreamweed and relax. "Where are we going?" she demanded in a childish voice that carried quite loudly. "Have I been a bad girl? Will you spank me and take me to bed?"

"Come along," Severus snapped in his most imperious voice, one which he would never had had the courage to use with Lucius but which he enjoyed directing at Bellatrix. Eyes followed them all the way up the grand staircase where he led Bellatrix beneath paintings of Malfoy relatives, all murmuring, a few of whom greeted Severus by name.

"You spend a lot of time here, I see," said Bellatrix speculatively. Then her expression changed. "Are you...with us?"

Severus had no idea what she meant, but he had no intention of letting her know that. "Would Malfoy spend time with me otherwise?" he snapped crossly.

"I thought there must be more to you than met the eye," she drawled. Instinctively Severus had led her down the corridor with which he was most familiar, directly to Lucius' rooms; he paused, then set his jaw and pushed the door open, whipping out his wand and calling for the sconces to light. Bellatrix did not hesitate; she swayed inside, went directly to the cabinet where Lucius kept his liquor and began to pour for both of them, smiling at Severus from beneath heavy lids.

He should have been more nervous, Severus supposed, but he suspected that fucking Bellatrix would be like dancing with Bellatrix -- so long as he showed no fear, did what she wanted and made a respectable number of demands, there would be no expectation of traditional skill or experience. For reasons he could not explain, he was certain that Lucius had never touched her intimately: Lucius might have fucked her, but not used his mouth on her the way he used it on Severus, and certainly no playful use of toys and enchanted objects. Snape tried to imagine what Bellatrix would look like sitting astride him, moving up and down on his cock with her ample breasts brushing against him; he did not feel lust precisely, but the thrill of doing something forbidden excited him. While his parents danced and tried to impress the upper echelon of wizarding society, he was going to fuck a Black, in Lucius Malfoy's bedroom.

Putting a drink in his hand, Bellatrix leaned over for what Severus expected to be a kiss; instead she bit down on his lip hard enough to draw blood, drawing a shocked yelp from him. At the look of triumph in her eyes he very nearly smacked her away, which might have been what she wanted, but he did not want to make this a game of pain and reward; he did not trust her nearly enough for that. "Don't do that," he spat furiously when she released him, chuckling softly.

"Did I hurt you, little Severus?" Bellatrix cooed. "I forgot -- I promised to be gentle." Her smile was pure evil as she stepped away and continued walking backward, holding out her arms, until she leaned against Lucius' bed. "Come celebrate the rites of May with me," she murmured, tossing her hair in a manner Snape assumed that she meant to be seductive. "While my sister and Lucius go through that pathetic charade downstairs. Show me what you've got."

Striding across the room with a confidence he did not feel, Severus set down his drink and all but shoved her onto the bed. She kicked her shoes off as he climbed over her, shifting to let her dress ride up her legs -- he caught a stretch of stocking, a flash of garter -- her knees parted, and he saw clearly that she wore nothing else. "Fuck me, Severus," she ordered, lying back to pull him over her, wrapping her legs around him to rub her naked sex against his dress robes, leaving a damp streak; she was dirty, she was repellent, he was hard anyway, and Bellatrix arched shamelessly against the bulge, sliding up and down against him.

The smell of her threatened to overwhelm Severus; he dropped his face into the more familiar territory of her throat, breathing in sweat and the exotic perfume he'd been able to smell on her when they danced. She let out a pleased moan when he sucked the skin there, and thrust herself up against him once more before letting her hips fall back so that she could begin to unfasten his clothing.

"I'll let you put it anywhere," she announced gleefully. "If you can keep it up longer than Lucius...it took too much work just to keep him hard..." Snape let out a moan of pleasure, knowing that she could not know why these words made him happy. Her fingers found his cock and stroked it roughly, as if she believed an irritant might be more arousing than deliberate seduction. In this case she was right. He had no interest in exploring sex with her, let alone making love to her, but fucking her, coming in her, where Lucius had been -- that, he ached to do.

She seemed almost disappointed when he fumbled over the wiry hair between her legs to find the wet slit, as if she'd hoped for more creativity; perhaps she liked to have her arse fucked, or to suck a prick, but Severus did not want to pass up this opportunity for study. He was becoming accustomed to the more acrid flavor of her skin and the softness. The fluid that coated his fingers was thicker and smelled more strongly than the lubrications he had tried, though when he ducked his head to taste it he found that it was not as bitter as Lucius' come, though it left an odd greasy flavor on his lips that he did not like.

Fortunately, Bellatrix seemed quite entertained when he sat up, reaching for the whiskey that he'd left on the table by the bed and swallowing a gulp. "Now will you fuck me?" she asked plaintively. "I'll get on my knees for you. You can fuck me like a dirty black dog."

Her grin was feral, and for reasons he could never have explained, the words made Severus think of Remus Lupin, that repulsive Gryffindor werewolf; he wondered whether Bellatrix's despicable cousin Sirius would have liked to tie up and fuck his sad little boyfriend in that form, while Lupin gnashed his teeth and tossed his head, with no choice but to take it. It was an unpleasant association, though there was a bit of a thrill in the idea of making the werewolf howl as a cock moved in and out of him. "If you're the best that Malfoy ever had, I want you to show me what you can do," Severus sneered, leaning back against Lucius' ample pillows as he struggled out of his robes. "Why don't you give me a demonstration."

He thought that Bellatrix might ridicule him for expressing a preference to be on the bottom, but her eyes lit up delightedly. She did not remove her dress, but hitched it up under her arms so that Severus could clearly see the damp, dark triangle between the white straps of her garters, straddling him and adjusting his cock so that she could rub herself over it. The slick heat felt surprisingly good. Again, he felt no attraction to her, but a wicked sense of violating some taboo. He twitched against her, and she smiled approvingly: "Lucius kept going flaccid when I did this. Sometimes I wonder whether he really likes women..." Snape caught his breath. "...or whether he's the only person who can turn him on. It wouldn't have surprised me if he moaned his own name."

Severus had been slouching lower into the pillows, pushing up against her; he caught a sudden whiff of Lucius' hair on a pillowcase and groaned aloud. "Bellatrix..."

"That's better," she hissed, squeezing him between her thighs. "You like me, don't you, Severus? Better than my sister. You like this..." And when he tried to thrust up again, she took him in her hand, spread her knees around him and sank onto the head of his cock in one liquid hot movement.

Even without much basis for comparison, Severus thought very quickly that Bellatrix had not lied about her skills. She clenched and released around him with muscles that seemed to be milking him; she knew when to speed up her movements up and down, and when to grip him inside for slower back-and-forth rocking; she kept her dress hitched up beneath her arms, leaning back just enough that when he looked he could see himself sliding in and out of her like a snake devouring its tail. Her curved belly and hairless thighs were not at all desirable to him but he could not resist the feel of that heat around him. Curiously he reached forward, sliding his thumb into her hair and down until he discovered the point where they were joined, where he could feel himself moving in and out of her. "Fuck, fuck, yes," she cried, grabbing his hand and pushing it up with her own, moving his thumb rhythmically on a flexible knot in her flesh that made her contract so pleasurably around him.

The dark cosmetic red on Bellatrix's lips had long since rubbed off, and now the artificial black of her lashes was beginning to smudge beneath her eyes as her face shone with sweat. Severus tried and failed to imagine her sister Narcissa in such a state; it was impossible, but he wasn't sure that he'd say that Bellatrix was uglier, though her mouth had twisted into an "O" and her hair was sticking to her forehead. He could feel her coming even before the loud cry and convulsion of her body -- a violent thing, from her expression she might have been feeling pain rather than pleasure. When she had quieted, Severus grabbed her hips and rolled her over, fucking her with his face pressed into Lucius' pillow, his thoughts on what Lucius must have felt while inside Bellatrix, this heat, this wet, those fingernails, this undulation; in the end he bit the pillow, not trusting any name that might have escaped his lips as he spilled into the sullied pureblood flesh.

"You're not bad," Bellatrix murmured when she had caught her breath. "You're a bit lazy and you could do with some practice, but I wouldn't mind having you again." Glancing over, Severus saw her grin and knew that he had no desire to do it again with her, ever, but he had no regrets either, and felt a sort of gratitude to her. She probably believed she had used him, and he would never try to tell her otherwise.

"I was wondering where you'd got to," said a voice from the doorway. Severus nearly leapt out of bed, though Bellatrix only gave a smug smile as she looked over to the other side of the room.

"You did well, Malfoy. Your little friend here..." The diminutive made Snape glare, but she ignored him completely. "...he's been quite entertaining."

"Get out," snapped Lucius. Snape felt a twinge of satisfaction at the shock on her face. "Severus and I have business to discuss."

"At a party?" Bellatrix asked incredulously. "What's the matter, Lucius -- frustrated that my sister won't give you what you want this evening and you don't dare ask anyone else with her in the house?" A wicked smile played around her lips. "You could come join us, you know. Severus, you wouldn't mind, would you? I bet I could take you both at once..."

"Get. Out." Lucius was furious, so much so that even Bellatrix knew better than to press the issue. With a shrug, she slid to the edge of the bed, fumbling in the folds of her dress for her wand. Pointing it at herself, she cast Scourgify, then a spell to prevent conception, as Severus realized abruptly the fire with which he'd been playing: on this night when fertility was celebrated by pairs of strangers, Muggle and magical alike, accidental children were an all too common consequence.

"Don't be too long. There's still plenty of time for dancing, and you're a much better partner than some." Smiling sweetly at Snape and ignoring Lucius, Bellatrix slipped from the bed, stepped back into her shoes and walked from the room with her hair wild about her shoulders. Once she was halfway across the floor, Severus hardly noticed her; his eyes were filled with Lucius, who despite impeccable hair and the finest dress robes in the county had his own sort of wildness as he approached the bed.

"Get up. Clean yourself off." The words were clipped and bitter. "I'm supposed to be playing the host, not trying to chase you down so your mother doesn't worry."

"I hardly think it would worry my mother to learn that I'd gone off with one of the Black sisters," said Severus in a voice that he knew was far too challenging. "And I thought you wanted me to...befriend her. Didn't you have some ludicrous notion of the two of us taking Narcissa and her sister to parties together?"

"Dancing, not sneaking upstairs and making my bed filthy!" Yanking his wand from his robes, Lucius began to Scourgify the covers, the pillows and Severus himself. Snape held still, though some part of him feared that the older man would hex his prick before his temper cooled. "Now get up, put your robes on and come downstairs. I told you that there were people I wanted you to meet, and you've wasted nearly the entire night..."

"Are you jealous, Lucius?" asked Severus in a low voice.

Lucius paused, wand raised halfway in the air, and the room seemed to crackle with potential curses before he lowered it. "You're being ridiculous," he spat contemptuously. "We will discuss this later. Now come downstairs."

By the time Severus had cleaned, dressed and followed Lucius out of the room, the gracious host had returned, even if his smile seemed more strained than before. "While the women are performing traditional dances, I've asked some of my friends to congregate in the study," he said conversationally, as if he and Snape were business colleagues rather than...well, whatever they were. "I'd like you to join us. Do try not to gloat too much about having made a conquest of Bellatrix -- I think you'll find that in such company, you're only one of many."

Pondering these words, Severus remained silent till they reached the bottom of the staircase. It almost seemed as if Lucius wanted him to brag about Bellatrix...to make him one of them, to prove his mettle, and perhaps to silence any dangerous rumors. As they approached the study, he paused.

"I only did it because I knew you'd been there first."

"What?" Lucius stared, then reddened. "Severus, we can talk about this later. You'll know most of the others -- Goyle, and Nott, and Lestrange..."

Later. From Lucius, it was very nearly a promise.

As the study door opened, Severus glanced behind him. Bellatrix was leaning against a banister, smoking dreamweed and looking bored. She grinned at him, and he managed to smile back, though his lip burned where she had bitten it.