I used to watch my sister because she got a great body. She was working at Trivandrum staying in a flat. During my vacation I joined her to study a computer course at Trivandrum.these days as we were alone in the flat I got lot of opportunities to see her body through peeping. I got hard by her sexy body. I used to collect her panty and some time used her panty. The smell made me mad. I used to rub it with my cock and masturbate and I used to cum on her panty. One day she saw me masturbating with her panty. She scolded me. I was very sad. I told her sorry. She asked me why I am using her panty. I told her I like her and she made me hot. She got surprised by my answer. But she also got some fantasy due to my action. After that she used to ask me lot of questions about sex and masturbation. She agreed to give me her panty for masturbation, but with a condition that I should wash and gave back to her. I was glad. We used to sleep in one bed. And I used to masturbate on bed after she slept. But one night she suddenly got up and switches on lights. I was nude with erect cock.but I kept the courage and continued to stroke my cock .she looked at my cock.i shot my load on to her panty at her presence. She looked at my milk and cock with surprise. After that I used to masturbate in front of her. Some time she sat near me and observed my work. 

One night I was tired and got asleep. She woke up me to give her used panty for that night. I told her I am not in a mood of doing anything. She asked me why; I told I am not getting any stimulation. She asked what to do to get stimulation. I answered by direct stimulation with your hands. I removed my lungi and asked her to touch my tool. With hesitation she touched my cock.i told her to fondle it. With one hand she fondled it. Her soft hands made me hot. I got a semi errection.i asked her to use both hands. She used both hands to stroke my cock.she looked with surprise as my cock was growing in her hands. I hold her waist and kissed on her lips. With one hand I slowly couped her boobs.she stroked my cock fast. As I was very hot I shot my load on to her saree.This was our first experience.

This repeated next days and I used to shot my load to her saree.after two days she removed her saree because my cum making stains on her saree.so I came on her petticoat. This gave me an opportunity to see her body more exposed.next night when I reached at the edge I cried I am comingggggggg. To catch my cum, with out dropping it to down ,she lift her petticoat up so that it fully cover my cock.but cock slipped from petticoat and touched her bare thighs.woww, I pressed more it to her thighs and I shot my load on her thighs.infront of me she wiped my milk using petticoat. Next night when I reached climax I begged her to press my cock between her thighs. She also liked it and she pressed my cock between her thighs.


Next day I requested her to show her nacked body. But she rejected my request. I begged her to show her boobs.she agreed with a condition that I should not touch it. She sat on bed and removed her blouse and bra. She was shy to expose her boobs. She put pallu of her saree on her boobs.but I could she her nipples. I slowly removed her saree from her chest. I slowly fingered her nipples. She tried to stop me. But I begged her for that beautiful pair of tits.i fondled her boobs.i bent down and kissed her tits.slowly my tongue started its job. I licked her nipples and took each nipple inside my mouth to make it wet and sucked them. She moved back and lay down on bed. I lay down near her and started sucking her hard nipples. I pressed my hard tool on her thighs. I know that she is also getting aroused with me. Her hands reached my cock and started to play with it. I was reaching the edge. So lift her petticoat up to feel her thighs. This time intentionally I lift her petticoat up to her waist to expose her pussy. She was in a dark blue panty. I started to play on her pussy.i moved her panty one side and feel her pussy directly with my fingers. She got a shiver when I pinched her cunt and juices started to come out from her vagina.i inserted one finger into her hole and started to move in and out. She reached her first orgasm in her life, with a scream. I also want to finish it and I moved up to enter her, but she begged me not to enter as she wants to keep her virginity up to her marriage. I also dont want to force her. So I pressed my tool on her naval and shot my load on her stomach.

We used to do this every night up to her marriage. I even got a chance to to suck her pussy but she did not allow me to penetrate her. Only I got a chance after two years, I will tell about that later mail me to 
