Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Seventy-Four: The Lizardwoman's Naughty Surprise
Summary: Kurtis and his family fend off a lizardmen attack!
Keywords: MMF MFF MFH MF oral facial DP breed exhib voy monster fantasy magic viol
Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Lasla  The Savannah

I smiled up at Nazak. I was in such a randy moodwell, when wasn't I in such a randy mood? I was Las's daughter. I gripped both of my lizardman's cocks. I loved how they formed a Y, branching off from the central shaft that thrust out of the sheath in his green scales.

His tongue flicked out of his triangular muzzle as I leaned in and licked the right cock, sliding my tongue over the slit and gathering his salty precum. A shiver ran through me at that delightful flavor. I stroked his dicks as I darted to the left one and kissed the crown.

I suckled on him.

He hissed in delight. Missstresss.

I winked at him as I nursed on them both, loving this delight. It was so much fun. As I did, tentacles slid up my torso to rub at my round breasts. Stalker's tentacles. My panthopus moved behind me as I slid my lips over the crown of Nazak's dick. I swallowed him as Stalker mounted me.

His weight felt so comfortable on me. I loved the feeling of his leathery hide as his cock pressed right against the folds of my pussy. It was wonderful. He thrust into my pussy. That delicious cock slammed into my snatch while I suckled on Nazak's dick.

I nursed with passion on him. I suckled with such hunger on his cock. My tongue danced around his crown as Stalker drew back. The rear-facing spines on his cock tickled my pussy. A wave of delight washed through me. It was so wonderful having my panthopus fuck me.

He plunged back into me. He purred as his tentacles wrapped around my round boobs. He squeezed my tits as he fucked my pussy. My twat drank in those spines. I suckled so hard on Nazak's left cock.

I popped my mouth off his dick and moaned, Stalker! Yes!

I swallowed Nazak's right cock.

Yesssss, the lizardman hissed as I suckled on his right dick. I pumped my hands up and down his left. He stared down at me with those reptilian eyes as I pleasured him.

Stalker pumped away hard and fast. He thrust his spiny dick deep into my cunt then pulled back. I shuddered at those stimulating spines. My pussy quivered. He rammed back into me. I squealed around Nazak's cock.

His salty precum filled my mouth. I suckled on him with all my might. I nursed hard on him, my cheeks hollowing as I swirled my tongue around his cock. His scaled fingers slid through my black hair as I pleasured him.

Stalker squeezed his tentacles around my boobs as he growled and yowled. He plowed deep and hard into my cunt. His pleasure built as his nuts slapped into my bush. They brimmed with all the cum I wanted spurting into my pussy. All that wonderful spunk that I needed flooding my twat.

I switched cocks, gasping out, Oh, that's it! Oh, yes, yes, fuck me, Stalker!

He did that as I swallowed Nazak's left cock. Stalker rammed his dick deep into me and pulled back just as swiftly. I shuddered at that massaging stroke. It was amazing having him stimulate me. I trembled, my pussy swelling toward bursting.

My tongue danced around Nazak's left cock. The precum tasted just as salty from that one. It was delicious as Stalker fucked me so hard. I loved being fucked by him. There would be more delights to come. In the jungle. It would be dangerous, but...

Maybe a quetzalcoatl could fuck me. That would be so naughty.

I switched cocks again, nursing on his right dick.

My pussy melted around Stalker's spiny cock. The panthopus purred, a deep and loud rumble, as he fucked my cunt. He pounded my naughty snatch with such force. My hand flew up and down Nazak's left dick as I suckled his right.

I switched again. Drool spilled down my chin as I did that. I loved that feeling as Stalker pounded my cunt. He fucked me with force. It was so wild feeling him pounding me. He thrust into me hard and fast. He buried all that cock into my pussy. It was just so delicious having him doing that.

His tentacles squeezed my tits. Warmth washed through me. I moaned as I switched dicks again. I nursed back on Nazak's right. He hissed, his tongue flicking out. I wanted him to cum on my face. I could feel him building toward his eruption.

His balls were full.

Misssstressss, he hissed.

I winked at him as I suckled hard on his cock. I nursed on him with all my might. I wanted him spurting all that cum across my face. I craved it. He growled as I nursed on him like this. I suckled with all my might on him. 

I switched again, gasping out, That's it!

Stalker hammered my cunt. I controlled his lust, guiding him so he could cum with Nazak. My body trembled, so ready for that burst of pleasure. I craved it. My pussy clamped down hard on that thrusting dick. That big cock fucked me with such force.

I nursed hard on Nazak's left cock. My hand pumped away swiftly at his right. The lizardman gripped a fistful of my hair. He stared down at me with those cold, reptilian eyes while I felt the warmth building in him.

The fire.

I ripped my mouth off his cock and fisted them both, moaning, Cum on my face, Nazak! Stalker, flood my pussy!

My panthopus growled and buried into my cunt hard.

Misssstressss! snarled Nazak, both his dicks pulsing in my hands.

They both erupted at the same moment.

Hot cum splashed on my face as monstrous jizz flooded my pussy. My cunt spasmed, my orgasm joining theirs. The pleasure washed over me. I trembled through the bliss. It was outstanding to feel that ecstasy sweeping through my body. 

My twat rippled and writhed around Stalker's spurting dick while Nazak unloaded across my face. He pumped blast after blast of jizz that splashed across my features and soaked my hair. It spilled down my face. Hot rivulets ran to my lips.

Misssstressss, yessss! 

I opened my mouth wide and caught his salty cum on my tongue as my pussy writhed around Stalker's cock. Waves of rapture drowned my mind. I loved it. Nazak sprayed his jizz all over my face and in my hair. He coated me in his passion.

Stalker pumped more and more of his jizz into my snatch. My cunt writhed around his erupting cock. I worked out all the cum. It splashed against my cervix. I quivered through my climax. I savored that bliss sweeping through my mind. Stars danced before my eyes.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Las's big dick!

My cunt rippled around Stalker's cock, working out the last of his spunk. His tentacles squeezed about my tits then relaxed. Nazak hissed as he fired a last load on my face. My body quivered with excitement. 

I felt so good. I could just float

BWWOOOOOOM!

A horn blared behind Nazak. Then another blared from the other direction. His head twisted around, his cock twitching in my hand. Cum dripped from my face as Stalker jumped off me, ripping his spiny dick out of my pussy.

Lizardmen attack! Nazak growled a moment before something struck him in the chest.

Wood snapped. The fragments of an arrow bounced off his tough scales, leaving behind a gouge that oozed blood. More missiles streaked through the air as he roared and charged off at their source, Stalker bounding off with him, his body blurring and displacing where he stood.

An arrow passed through the false image as he roared and leaped into the brush.

An attack? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Mother roared as I lay on my back on the grass. My thoughts were fuzzy, prickly and slow. What had happened? My head pounded. I rubbed at the side of my head. I felt something warm and sticky. Blood. Why was I bleeding?

I pushed myself up on my elbow. The world spun around me. A wave of nausea poured out of my guts. I blinked. When my vision cleared, I witnessed a lizardman swinging a massive club at my mother, aiming for her head.

She twisted out of the way of the attack and flowed. Her pale skin grew swarthy. Her body taller and arms and legs thicker. She still had her blue hair flowing behind her as she became a brawny orc woman.

Her attacker hissed and stepped back. He had green scales and looked almost identical to Nazak.

What was going on?

Mother grabbed his club and wrenched it from the startled lizardman's hands. She swung it and struck him in the head. He stumbled back. She continued to roar with fury as she hit him again, splitting the hide over his cheekbone. 

The third blow sent the lizardmen sprawling on the ground. She raised the club and swung it down viciously on the lizardman's head. Once. Twice. Three times. His leg spasmed each one then kept twitching as she roared and raced off into the grass.

I groaned and fell onto my back again. I blinked against the pain throbbing in my head. I felt at the wound. I had a long gash that went from my temple, down the side of my head, and over my ear. Blood matted my hair and soaked my hand. 

Nephi soared over, dodging blurs. Arrows. Did I get hit by an arrow? Was that what happened to me? Why my thoughts were so fuzzy. A shiver ran through me. I was lucky that it didn't penetrate my skull. 

My sphinx dove to the ground and slammed into another of the lizardmen. They vanished into the tall grass. A hissing roar echoed. Shouts. Screams from my women. I had to get up and protect them. I had to stop this.

Stalker darted by, his body distorted.

Why wasn't he with Pyrriah?

I pushed up on my elbows and forced myself to my knees. I shuddered, blood pouring down on my lap from my head wound. I shook off the dizziness. I had to fight. I had to focus. I drove my thoughts through the fuzziness. My vision cleared.

I rose.

Grass rustled. I turned to find Shetha bounding toward me, my sword in her mouth. She gripped it, her ears twitching. Her mane of tawny hair streaked behind her. She stopped before me in a crouch, her tail twitching.

A horn blared. She flinched.

Thanks, I said and took the blade from her. 

She smiled at me then hissed in warning.

I whirled to find a hulking lizardman swinging a club at me. A heavy attack telegraphed by his overhead attack. I sidestepped it and slashed with my blade. I struck him in the stomach, expecting to disembowel him then follow up with a decapitating swing.

Instead, my tulwar struck hard scales. I barely did more than leave a bleeding scratch on his abdomen that the lizardmen didn't even feel. The club slashed at me. I shuddered and jumped back, more blood trickling down my cheek.

The lizardman roared and thrust the club at me like a blunt spear. I twisted to the side and slashed. He blocked with his forearm. I hit the scales. He hissed and swung that crushing club at me, Shetha yowling in fear. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I dived into the tent and found my tulwar. My entire body shook as I picked it up. It felt so strange and foreign in my hand. I darted back outside the tent, struggling to remember how to use it. How to stand. Fighting came instinctively to me.

I knew how to move. How to fight, now...

Now I felt so clumsy.

Phoenix, I whispered to my missing half.

She had possessed it all. The knowledge of fighting. The fire. Fear washed through me as a lizardman charged through the camp. Diane scattered before it. The creature saw me and marched over, unconcerned by my blade.

Stop! I said, holding it up, my voice quavering as my body shook. I'll kill you! Stop!

He hissed with laughter and reached out with his left hand to grab me. I felt his lust. He wanted to fuck me with his cocks and breed me. I wouldn't let him. I brandished my sword. He battered it aside with his hand, the contempt in his eyes.

A shadow fell over him.

He whirled to find Beliala landing behind him. She flicked out her whip before he could react. It kissed him across the cheek. He roared in agony and fell to his knees. She flicked out her whip again, cracking across his chest. He dropped his club, falling forward and catching himself on his hands.

She whipped his back, laughing. I have him, Mistress.

I nodded and tottered to the right toward where Diane cowered by the corner of the tent. I grabbed the moon maiden and pulled her to me. She clung, tears spilling down her chin. Roars echoed around us. I glimpsed Princess Lavhi, usually lost to her pleasure, jumping on one lizardman's back and biting at his throat.

Prince Oberoy flew over on his dragonfly wings. He threw glittering dust in the face of another lizardman. The hulk dropped his weapon and hissed in fright. He ran screaming from the camp. The prince twisted to the right, dodging an arrow and vanished from my sight.

Shhh, I told the trembling Diane. Shhh, it's going to be okay. Kurtis and the others will protect us!

A blue-haired orc woman ran by and slammed a lizardman's clit into the back of another. Mother? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I slashed my sword off the lizardman's throat. I struck it across the windpipe. He slashed at me with his clawed fingers. I jumped out of the way as he gurgled. Blood poured over his green scales. He staggered and swung his club at me.

I grunted, throwing myself on my back in shock. How had he the strength to do that with his throat cut? He bled to death but staggered and raised his club to finish me off. A hiss from Shetha. She darted out and slammed her body into his knee.

The lizardman staggered and collapsed. She rolled clear as the hulk hit on the ground on his side. He spasmed, blood spilling out of him and soaking into the earth. I panted and pushed myself from the ground.

Thanks, I said, petting Shetha between her ears.

She purred in delight.

Princess Naryu jumped on another lizardman's back. She bit at his throat, tearing out a large chunk. The rakshasa jumped off as hulk staggered forward and collapsed on his knees. He fell to the ground dead.

Master! Shetha cried. Behind you!

I whirled to find a red-scaled lizardman rushing at me. No, no, she had scaly breasts that bounced bare. A lizardwoman? I thought it was an all-male race. She raised her club at me. I didn't want to kill a woman.

I twisted out of the way. Her club hit the ground.

I kicked at her leg. I hooked her shin and yanked, pulling her off-balance. She crashed onto her back. Her boobs jiggled. She hissed in fury as I slammed my boot down between her breasts. I pinned her down as she thrashed there. 

She pushed on me. I almost lost my balance trying to hold her back. I needed help. I cast my gaze around and spotted Oberoy flying nearby. Oberoy! Put her to sleep!

The fairy prince banked toward me. Yes, Lord Kurtis!

He threw out his dust that splashed down on her face as he flew by. She breathed it in and shuddered. Her entire body collapsed limp onto her back. I panted, my head throbbing. I wanted to just lie down. The nausea swelled in my stomach again.

I surveyed the fight. Nazak tackled one. My sister's lizardman slave was bigger than the attacker. Because he'd been bred in captivity to be that big? Nazak grabbed the enemy's head and twisted it, snapping it with a loud snap.

BRRRWOOOOM!

The horns blared again. Lizardmen across the camp, a half-dozen of them, ran back toward the dark edge of the jungle. Nephi soared high as they retreated. She didn't chase them. None of us did. I just let them go.

Nazak rose from the one he killed and marched toward me. They have a rakshasa's scent on them.

Yes, they do, Pradu said, marching up with blood on her lips despite being back in her human form. Disgust filled her expression. She's marked them. They're her bodyguards.

The female? I asked, still confused that there would be a female.

Her representative, said Nazak. She is the one that speaks to their goddess and relayed to the others her orders

I nodded. Is anyone hurt?

Besides you? Lasla asked. My sister raced over. She had some dried cum on her face. She pressed a cloth to my head. What happened to you?

Clipped by an arrow. I looked around and found our mother panting. She had gone back to her normal form. She stared at me, a look of relief on her face. Gods, she must have thought I had died.

If she could have turned into a dragon...

I let my sister bandage my head as I stared down at the lizardwoman. She was taller than me, and though she was broad in the shoulders, it fit her body size. Curvy hips. Her legs spread apart. I wanted to get information from her.

The easiest way would be to eat her out. My dick hardened as I handed Shetha my sword. I moved toward her, Lasla protesting. I dropped to my knees between the lizardwoman's legs. I licked my lips. I would eat her pussy and rouse her from her slumber with pleasure.

I leaned down and froze. Gods damn, she has two pussies.

She had two of them. One above the other. The first one was higher up her pubic mound than would be on a human woman, the second was where I expected it to be. I had never seen the like, but her red scales surrounded two slits with delicate, pink lips.

Oh, that's why lizardmen have two dicks, Lasla said.

I thought lizardmen were a single-sex race, Pyrriah said as she came up to us. She glanced at me and bit her lower lip. Fear played across her face.

Lizardwomen is different race, said Nazak. Why her scales red. But we can breed with each other.

Our Father's cum probably fell on a male green lizard and a female red lizard so they ended up nearly the same, said Lasla. She dropped to her knees beside me. Let me help. Eat her out.
Two pussies... Pyrriah said. Can they be... double-bred?

Yes, Nazak said. They can have two eggs at a time, one from each.

She was big enough to handle it. I glanced at my sister. Lasla grinned back at me, her blue eyes twinkling. I leaned down to eat the lizardwoman's pussy with her. Our cheeks pressed together as we both went for the lizardwoman's cunts.

I went for the upper one. Lasla the lower. I planted my mouth on the lizardwoman's cunt and licked at her. My tongue flicked through her folds. She had a tangy musk to her. My cock twitched as I stroked through her folds and brushed a clit.

She shuddered.

Oberoy landed above the lizardwoman. He stared down with curiosity only to stiffen as Beliala moved up beside him. She placed a hand on the top of his head. The demon watched on, her red eyes smoldering. The succubus and incubus drifted in behind the pair, watching with curiosity.

I thrust my tongue into the lizardwoman's pussy, feeling her arousal building and building. She took pleasure from both of us eating out her pussy. We swirled our tongues around her, flicking about and making her feel so good.

She twitched. Her big, scaled breasts rose and fell faster.

Mmm, she tastes good, Lasla purred. Spicy.

She tastes tangy here, I said. Wait, does her pussies taste different?

My sister and I thought the same way. We both slid past the other, our cheeks brushing. I went for the lower pussy and lapped at those silky folds. I gathered up spicy cunt cream. I loved the taste as much as her tangy musk.

Lasla purred in delight. I watched her feast on the lizardwoman's upper pussy while I plunged my tongue into the lower snatch's spicy depths. I savored that flavor. I flicked around in her, loving how she quivered and moaned.

I stroked her desire as I feasted her with passion. I flicked my tongue through her folds. She hissed as my sister and I feasted on her two pussies. The others were all peering around us. Mother was there. She fretted. I was fine.

Let's start to wake her, Oberoy, I said.

Mmm, slowly, purred Lasla. We want her to be cumming when she wakes up.

Yes, Lady Lasla, Oberoy said, his voice soft.

He thrust out his hand. Beliala whispered in his ear as he worked. The lizardwoman hissed louder. Her body twitched more as if licked my tongue out of her spicy depths and up to her clit. I stroked over her bud.

Some of her tangy juices trickled down her taint to my hungry mouth. I licked up that delight as she quivered there. She moaned as I stroked her with my tongue. I flicked over her bud with my tongue. I loved how she whimpered as I did that.

It was so hot. I flicked my tongue around her folds. I stroked her with my tongue, loving the mix of her tangy and spicy juices. Lasla suckled hard on her clit. We feasted on the lizardwoman's two pussies, bringing her closer and closer to climaxing.

She would have a great cum. 

A little more, Pyrriah purred. They almost have her.

Yes, Lady Pyrriah, Oberoy answered.

Yesssss, the lizardwoman softly hissed.

I felt her nearing her orgasm. She had two clits. That was a lot for any woman to take. Double the delight. It was no wonder she shuddered here, hurtling toward that moment when she would burst in rapture. I couldn't wait for her to drown us.

My sister trembled beside me, suckling on the lizardwoman's other clit. I nursed hard on the lower bud. The lizardwoman hurtled toward her orgasm. She raced toward that cliff. She was moments away from plunging into passion.

Now! I shouted and suckled hard.
Yeeeeessssssss! the lizardwoman snarled as s
he came awake, her boobs heaving and spicy juices gushing out of her cunt.

She drowned me in her passion while my sister drank the lizardwoman's tangy cream. She thrashed on the grass as we both licked up the juices. I reveled in this, my dick so hard. The lizardwoman burned with lust.

I inflamed her lust even more. She craved cock. My cock. My sister's hermaphrodite-dick. I reached out and touched Pyrriah. She shuddered and let her clit blossom, feeling what I wanted from her.

You're such a considerate brother, Pyrriah said, knowing what I wanted from her.

Yes, he is! Lasla moaned.

We feasted on the lizardwoman's pussy. She brimmed with pleasure, the rapture drowning out her questions. I didn't want her thinking. I wanted her addicted to this pleasure. I wanted her gasping out in delight. It was such a delicious moment.

I licked up the cream. Every spicy drop I could. The lizardwoman tossed her head. She sat up and stared down at me. She wanted me. I flared that lust for me. Her tongue flicked out, her body quivering with her rapture.

You! she snarled. You. I want to ride you!

I lifted my head. And?

And?

What will you do for me if I let your ride my cock? I shook my hard dick at her. What will you do to ride that magnificent shaft.

Anything! 

I loved the words hissing from her mouth. They were perfect. I stretched out on my back and held up my dick. She sat up, ignoring Lasla. I guided the lizardwoman's desires. She glanced at Pyrriah, her lusts burning hot.

You fuck my other pussy with that big dick, elf, she hissed.

I'm not an elf, said Pyrriah.

Elves have dicks. Fuck harpy wives. You have dick. You have tits. You are elf. The lizardwoman straddled me. You fuck my other pussy. I do anything. Tell anything.

She grabbed my dick. Her big, scaly boobs swayed over me. They were so sexy. She was so tall, her triangular muzzle somehow feminine and cute. She pressed my dick into her upper pussy. She plunged down me a moment later.

Her hot and silky twat engulfed my cock. I groaned at the delight of her around me. She squeezed her snatch about me, trembling. Her tongue flicked out. She looked so happy as she sat on me. Her pussy clamped down on me as she wiggled from side to side.

Ssssso good, she purred. Yessss, I do anything for thisssss cock.

And this hermaphrodite-dick, too, Pyrriah cooed. She dropped behind her and nuzzled not into the lizardwoman's asshole, but into her lower pussy. 

My twin thrust. The lizardwoman hissed in delight. Her cunt squeezed down on my cock as Pyrriah sank into the second snatch. We were both in the lizardwoman's pussies. That was a delicious thrill. My sister hugged the red-scaled lizardwoman.

A pink, forked tongue flicked out of the lizardwoman's pussy. She clamped her first pussy on my cock and slid up me. I groaned at that massaging delight. It was such a rush to have her climbing my dick. I loved it. 

Pyrriah drew back her hips and thrust back into the lizardwoman's second pussy. I loved it. This was so hot for us to share the lizardwoman's two pussies. Her boobs bounced and heaved as she rode me while my sister pumped away at the second cunt.

Fuck, I growled. What's your name??

Adazza, she hissed as she plunged her cunt down my cock.

Adazza, you have such a tight cunt! groaned my twin sister.

Yes, she does, I growled as that first pussy worked up and down my dick.

It was so delicious sharing the lizardwoman with my twin. My hermaphrodite-sister fucked away hard at the lizardwoman's second twat. Adazza hissed her pleasure as she rode me with her first snatch. It was so hot feeling that wonderful cunt riding me.

My nuts swelled with the pressure as Adazza worked that cunt up and down my cock. She gripped me with her hot snatch, massaging me with that wondrous hole. I loved this delight so much. It was just perfect. I savored that hot twat riding me.

I loved how she gripped me with her juicy first cunt. Pyrriah groaned as she fucked the lizardwoman in the second snatch. Pleasure built and built in Adazza. She rose toward her climax. That powerful one would addict her to us.

I twisted her lusts, melding her to us. I knew what I was doing.

Sssso good! she moaned. That'sssss sssso good. I love your dickssss. Male! Hermaphrodite! Both great. Yesssss!

Cum on us! I growled. Las's big dick, cum on us!

Oh, please, please, Pyrriah moaned. Gods, that would be so great to feel your pussy convulsing around my cock while your other pussy writhes around my brother's dick. Ooh, we are going to breed you. Flood both your wombs with our seed and knock you up!

The lizardwoman's lusts flared. Her cunt clamped down on me. Yessssss! Breed me!

We had her. I could feel it. She craved our cocks so much. Pyrriah, Lasla, and I were both working on the lizardwoman, twisting and warping Adazza's desires to crave us. To want to please us. To serve us as our slave, not the rakshasa that once owned her.

I captured you, I growled as she worked that hot first cunt up and down my dick. I own you!

Yesssss, she hissed. 

Master! I slapped her thigh. Yes, Master!

Yesssss, Massster, you own me! She stared down at me, her reptilian eyes glossy with pleasure. I'm going to cum, Massster. May I? May I cum on your cocksssss?

Yes! I growled. 

She plunged her cunt down my cock as Pyrriah buried her hermaphrodite-dick into the lizardwoman's other pussy. Adazza's pleasure exploded in her. Rapture flooded her body as her two twats spasmed around our shafts.

Gods damn, I groaned as that silky cunt suckled at my dick.

Yes, whimpered Pyrriah as she had the same delight spasming around her hermaphrodite-cock. Oh, yes, that's so good.

My sister and I both erupted at the same moment.

We detonated and flooded the lizardwoman's pussies with our cum. We flooded her wombs with our seed. Adazza hissed in delight, squirming on us. My twin and I double-bred the lizardwoman, pumping more and more of our seed into her.

It was incredible I loved how she suckled at my cock with her hot snatch. She spasmed around my dick, milking out all the cum from my bowels. My sister moaned her delight as she emptied her ovaries into Adazza's second cunt.

The pleasure slammed through me with each eruption. I felt so good. The rapture swept over my mind. Stars flashed across my vision. I grunted with each eruption. I loved the pleasure so much. The bliss flooded through my body.

Adazza milked me dry. Milked my twin sister and me both dry.

Gods damn, I growled. 

Mmm, purred Pyrriah. She pulled her girl-dick out of the lizardwoman's second pussy. Ooh, that was delicious.

Yesssss, hissed Adazza as she rose off me. She pulled her cunt off my dick. I loved the feel of her sliding free. My cum spilled down her thighs as she did that. She felt so amazing. I just loved it. I couldn't wait for more. That wasssss good.

So Gods damn good, I panted in complete agreement. I rose and stood before her, my dick at level with her muzzle. Whom do you serve, Adazza.

Massster, she hissed and opened her triangular muzzle.

She swallowed my entire cock. It was incredible having all of my dick in her mouth. She suckled on me. Her tongue slid around the lower half of my dick, stroking me. I soaked her with her tangy juices. She stared up at me.

I groaned as I savored this powerful lizardwoman kneeling before me. She submitted to me. She suckled on me. Her mouth nursed with passion on my dick as I loved this so much. It felt amazing having her working on my cock.

She slid her muzzle up my cock, sucking the entire way. My balls twitched with the delight of her suckling. She worked her tongue around my cock as she bobbed her head, sliding that long and narrow appendage up and down my dick.

Gods damn, I groaned, enjoying that so much. Las's big dick, you're going to get a reward from your Master.

She suckled harder. Her lusts washed through her. She wanted to please me now. She was already conditioned to be subservient, and the fear she felt for her previous owner was drowned out by her desire for me.

Pleasure, as Lasla once argued, was better than pain for motivation.

I loved the feel of that hot mouth working up and down my cock. I stroked her scaled face as I hurtled toward my climax. I hurtled closer and closer to erupting. I ground my teeth together, my dick twitching as the pressure in my nuts grew.

She nursed harder. I groaned, feeling everyone's eyes on me. I loved it. I had mastered the lizardwoman. Her lusts were mine. A big smile spread over my lips as I enjoyed that hungry mouth. She brought me to the brink of erupting.

Las's big dick, you're about to get that reward! I groaned.

Ooh, cum in her mouth, Lasla purred. She wants it!

Yes, she does! I growled, feeling that lust from Adazza. Gods damn!

She suckled hard on me, wanting the cum. It was an amazing rush. I hit that bursting point. There was no stopping me now. I erupted into her pussy. I groaned as I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her mouth. The pleasure shot through me.

It was fantastic.

Damn, I groaned, savoring that delight rushing through me. Gods damn!

I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her mouth. I flooded her with everything that I had, loving the rapture slamming through my body. I erupted again and again. I filled her mouth with my cum. She gulped it all down. She swallowed every last drop of it.

Luckily, I had more for her.

I pumped more and more of my cum into her mouth. I filled her up with my jizz, the pleasure rushing through me. I grunted with each eruption. I savored each blast of that cum. I felt so good. Just amazing right now.

I panted, savoring that pleasure sweeping through me. It was a moment. A big one. I was feeling so good. My heart raced as she suckled on me, working out the last of the cum that I had in my nuts. They twitched.

Damn, I groaned. You are going to be a big help to us. You want to keep getting my cock.

She slid her triangular muzzle of my cock and hissed, Yessss, Massster.

Good, good, I said, smiling at her. Then I need to know who you serve.

I serve you, Massster.

I smiled for a moment. I meant, whom did you serve?

Her eyes dulled for a moment. I served the Dread Goddess of Pain, the Viscera Tigressss Kaliza.

The Viscera Tigress? I asked. What, does she like to play with...

Innardssss, yessss. The lizardwoman nodded. That issss her jungle you camp alongside. You must turn back. If we go further, we will face her wrath.

Oh, we're going further, I said. We're going to the Mountain of Bones. Do you know it?

She flinched, her shoulders hunching. The Skull Tigressss. That is where she rules from. Upon her ziggurat of bones. She is immortal. Unkillable. The Firssst Tigresss. The firssst of the Dread Goddessssessss. 

The first? Lasla shot me a glance. Rakshasa don't live forever. They have the same lifespans as humans.

She is the undying. Adazza bowed low before me. All the other Goddessssessss are her descendantssss. Pleassse, Massster, turn back. Do not venture into the jungle. Into her domain.

No, no, that's not possible, Princess Naryu said. Our kind do not live much longer than humans. A hundred at most.

She has it, I said, a tingle racing over me. The Skull Tigress has what we need. What we've been searching for. What Throwia wants. That has to be it. How else could she be so old.

It makes sense, Pyrriah said. It really does make a whole amount of sense.

How many goddesses' territories will we have to pass through to reach the Bone Mountain? I asked Adazza as she groveled at my feet.

The Viscera and the Flayer. Adazza shivered. She cladssss her Ziggurat in the hides of my people. Pass through those two Goddessssessss' domainsss and you shall reach the Black Heart of the Jungle. She killsss all who enters and addsss their bones to her ziggurat.

Lovely, I muttered. Let's keep a watch posted. Tomorrow, we cross into the Viscera Tigress's territory. 

The others nodded. This was becoming all too real. But that was what we had to face, then we would face it. I drew in a deep breath and turned to the others. I wanted to eat and get to sleep. My head was pounding again.

Mother moved toward me and examined my head, but I was fine. It was just a graze. We would face worse come tomorrow. I could feel that in my bones. They rattled as I felt the dangers of the Uth Jungle.

I missed the veneer of civilization that we found in Shizhuth. There wouldn't be any of that in there. It would be bloody. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla  Uth Jungle

The next morning, we entered the jungle.

My heart pounded in my chest as the sun rising behind us vanished. The thick canopy swallowed it. We entered a green twilight. The thick kapok and balsa trees rose high around us, their canopies thirty or forty feet above us. Flowers grew from cracks in the bark. Water dripped around us, the ground growing marshy. Steam spilled from the bushes that grew thick around us. We followed the path. That wasn't good, but it was too thick around us.

Woody vines grew everywhere. They draped from tree to tree, branch to branch. Adazza grabbed one and ripped it in half. She held it to her mouth and... water poured out of the vine. She drank from it and nodded to my brother.

He nodded.

We all were carrying our food and supplies. We set the camels free before venturing in here. We had to go on foot from here on out. Adazza was our guide. Her lust for my brother's and sister's cocks, and my pussy, were enough to overwhelm her fear. Nazak marched with her, a club he'd taken from the attackers resting on his shoulder.

Stalker moved about us. He could slip through the dense foliage, and his keen senses would be of use. Nephi had the rear, stalking in her sphinx form. The rakshasas and Beliala walked along the sides of us, protecting the most vulnerable of Diane, Shetha, Oberoy, the incubus, and the succubus. Kyaza had her bow out, walking ahead of Kurtis right behind the lizardmen. Pyrriah and I followed with Mother behind us.

The humidity rose. Sweat drenched my body. My robe grew muggy. I found myself stripping out of it and just walking naked. So did Pyrriah. The moisture dripped down our bodies. It wasn't just sweat. It was so wet down here.

Water was everywhere, but there were no puddles.

We drank from the vines, saving our waterskins for later.

I hated it. The world grew darker and darker around us with each step we took. I was glad for our midday break. We found a small clearing, our protectors ringing around us. Kyaza wore just her loincloth, her ebony breasts dripping as much as the rest of us. The rakshasas also went down to just long clothes. So did my brother, wrapping it around his cock. Diane was naked. So was Shetha.

Oberoy and Solomas were also just down to wearing breechcloths like Kurtis. The incubus waited on me as I ate. I had been ignoring him of late, but I had just been having so much fun with more monstrous lovers.

Thank you, I told him.

He nodded.

Then we continued.

The flowers growing in the trees were pretty. Adazza called them orchids. They were delicate and came in a variety of shapes and color. White was the most common, but there were blue ones and blushing ones. They were all beautiful.

I was glad for that much color as we followed the trail. I wondered where the lizardmen were. They had to be out here somewhere. It was hard to tell, the jungle was so alive with sounds. Strange hooting echoed all the time.

What sort of birds make those sounds? Shetha asked. They sound huge.

Monkeyssss, said Adazza. They warn us away. Don't go toward them. They will throw their shit at you.

Eww, I said. 

Birds also chirped and cawed and called. Insects buzzed. Adazza told us that black panthers prowl the jungle, along with terrifying lizards known as dinosaurs. Some were four-legged and covered in armor plates, others walked on two legs and had powerful jaws. Those were the most dangerous. 

They can swallow Nazak whole, she said. The biggest females, anyways. Tyrannosaurus, we call them. Dangerous. Much more than the ankylosaurus. There's also a smaller breed of tyrannosaurus called raptors. The Flayed Tigress keeps them. Hunt in packs. Vicious.

It sounded wonderful.

It was hard to judge the time, but it seemed we were nearing the end of the day. Adazza took us on a path that didn't head toward her former mistress's ziggurat but cut through to the Flayer Tigress's domain.

I really didn't want to meet them.

My hair was a mess. It was getting all frizzy. I wanted to comb it out once we camped. Then I wanted to relax. Have some pleasure. Maybe my brother. My sister. My step-mother. Or Stalker, but, no, we would need him for his warning.

He growled in the jungle as a swell of male lust surrounded us. Warning shot through me. We were surrounded. Lightning exploded in the jungle. Stalker yelped. Then another bolt took Nazak, knocking him down. Nephi roared before she fell twitching from a third blast.

Quetzalcoatl! Adazza shouted.

The winged snake monsters? My pussy went so wet even as a wave of fear washed over me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Antagony

I ghosted through the jungle, the deva following behind me. Ziryihm had to mute her glow as we moved beneath the dense canopy. The air didn't stir down here. It hardly moved. For three days we had penetrated deeper and deeper into the black.

Following the words of the Oracle of Sand. Right to where we would ambush Kurtis. In the Shadow of Bones, shall your hunt conclude.

The first line of the Oracle's prophecy echoed in my mind. The Shadow of Bones, the Bone Mountain. Amazons had heard the legends. We hunted in the Uth and 'Zakon Jungles for the large monsters that roamed in here. Dangerous beasts with iron-hard scales. A class of monsters found nowhere else.

Dinosaurs.

We knew not to go near the Bone Mountain. Even the rakshasa savages who ruled the tribal lizardmen feared going there. An ancient predator lurked there. Supposedly, it was the first rakshasa. Supposedly.

Now we ventured there. I would set foot on the Dead Isle if it meant killing Kurtis. 

A change in the jungle happened. I could feel it the moment I stepped over a line. The trees were wilder. The hoot of monkeys and chirps of birds died. The scent of rot and death filled my nose. My heart pounded faster.

What? Ziryihm asked.

I motioned her to silence and shook my head. 

Her eyes widened in question. I nodded. This was it. We had entered the Skull Tigress's territory. We were near the Bone Mountain. When Kurtis arrived, when he fought with the demonic bitch who dwelled in here, we would strike them both down. I would kill both of them and regain my honor.

Ziryihm drew in a deep breath, her wings folded around her. She motioned me to keep going. I padded before her, my bow in hand, arrow ready to knock. Sweat dripped down my brow as I listened for any sign of the mistress of this domain.

To be continued...
