https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

Chapter 11: Acceptance

	Andrew woke up in his bed with his mother lying naked to his right and Erin lying naked to his left. Both women felt content and happy. Andrew could feel their breasts and the warmth of their naked bodies pressed against his side. He tried to remember the night before, however most of it was lost in a blur. He remembered his mother sucking on his cock until he came in her mouth and then her and Erin kissing each other swapping his semen between them, and then Erin taking his cock into her mouth as his mother sucked on his balls, the only thing he could remember clearly after that was an image of laying on his bed with Erin and his mom draped over him, offering their breasts to his mouth and hands as Lacey walked into the room naked and slowly began to suck his cock.

	Andrew slowly sat up on the bed, trying not to disturb his sleeping mother and older sister. He looked over at the clock which read six am. Once again he shook his head in an attempt to clear the fog of last night, but to no avail. His eyes were drawn to movement at the foot of his bed as Lacey rose from the floor and smiled. "Good morning master." She said as she crawled onto the bed and started licking his hard cock. "I love your cock master and now that mom and Erin are part of our little group, I can show you how much I love it without worry."

	Andrew nodded to his sister as she took his cock into her mouth and began to suck on it with earnest. Andrew let out a moan of pleasure and leaned back on his hands to enjoy the sensation of his little sister sucking his manhood. His mother, Jan, stirred at his side and her eyes fluttered open. "Good morning master." She said with a smile as she sat up on her side and fully exposed her glorious breasts to his view. "Did you sleep well? Your sisters and I were a little worried when you passed out after you came down my throat for the fourth time."

	"Mom," Andrew replied as he lay back onto the bed and pulled his mother into his embrace. "I don't remember much about last night. It is all a blur. I am so sorry this happened, I never intended..."

	Jan silenced her son by pressing a finger to his lips. "Shh, Andrew. It is all right, what happened, happened. Now how about you tell Erin and me what is going on?"

	"Yes brother, what happened, what did you do to us?" Erin asked as she placed a finger under Andrews chin and drew his lips to hers.

	The two kissed for a few seconds before Andrew let out a groan of pleasure and unloaded his seed into Lacey's waiting mouth. As he came down from his post orgasmic high Lacey crawled on top of him, resting her naked body against his. Andrew thought about how and what to tell them. In the end he decided to tell them everything, including the determination of the little meeting last night. They lay beside him listening to his story occasionally nodding and asking questions for clarification. Andrew was occasionally distracted from his narration by Erin or his mother touching him or themselves or by Lacey rubbing her bare crotch against his. As he finished she sat up onto his lap and began to grind her naked pussy against his once again hard cock. Jan leaned down and kissed her son on the lips as Erin rubbed on his stomach. "My poor baby," Jan said as she continued to kiss along Andrew's body. "Six women as his willing sex toys, and he does not know what to do." She teased.

	"Lacey, please stop, it is distracting." Andrew said as he sat up on his elbows. "I really have no idea what to do mom, everyone keeps calling me master, yet they all seem to do what they want without a thought to what I want. I am so confused."

	Jan looked down at her son and smiled as Lacey climbed off of his lap with a pout. "I would not say that, Lacey stopped when you asked, she said as she began to rub his cock. "Let me take care of this for you. Lacey and Erin, you two need to get ready for school."

	Jan lowered her mouth to her son's cock as her two daughters left the room. Andrew watched as his mother sucked him off until he came for the second time since waking up. April swallowed every drop of her son's semen and licked her lips and cleaned off his deflating cock before pulling his underwear back on. "This is exactly what I am talking about." Andrew said as he sat up and swung his feet over the bed." Yes Lacey stopped rubbing herself against me when I asked her to, but then you turned around and gave me a blow job."

	Jan gave a chuckle as she slid up next to her son, pressing her ample bosom against his naked back. "I see, well how about you get ready for school and I will think on it? I might even go talk to Jill about it since she has been under your influence for longer."

	Andrew lowered his head to his palms as he rested his elbows on his knees. He could feel his mother's breasts and hardening nipples pressed against his back. It was just as distracting as everything else that had been going on this week. He could not think straight. He could feel all six of them in his head, he could feel where they were and he could feel their constant arousal. He had managed to block most of it out, but it was still there in the background. It was so distracting, that and the knowledge that all he had to do was indicate that he wanted them and they would surrender everything to him. It was getting harder and harder to resist what they were offering. Just a few days ago he felt bad about letting Lacey make out with him, and now he did not even give a second thought to her sucking his cock and swallowing his cum.

	Andrew rose from the bed and grabbed some clean clothes. As he walked out of the door he stared back at his mother as she sat naked on his bed. "Thank you mom, I appreciate this, I am so confused and conflicted."

	His mother smiled at him and he marveled at how beautiful she was, he never thought of her like he was now, he never saw her as a beautiful, sexual woman. Until today she had always just been his mother. His cock grew hard as he realized he wanted to make love to her. Andrew quickly left the room before his mother could notice his erection and into the bathroom. He could hear the shower running, but he paid it no mind. 

	"Hey, someone is using the bathroom." He heard Erin yell.

	"It's just me Erin." He said back as he dropped his underwear and socks onto the counter and sat down on the toilet.

	"Oh." Was all the response Erin gave before returning to her shower. Andrew could see her through the shower door, her body distorted by the patterns on the glass.

	Once Andrew finished his morning business, he stood up and joined Erin in the shower. As he slid the shower door open, he paused to admire her beauty. Again he was taken aback by his failure to notice how beautiful the women in his family were. Erin stared back at him and smiled. "Are you going to get in or just stand there and let the hot air out?" She asked.

	Andrew chuckled as he climbed into the shower. "Now that we don't have to worry about our modesty I thought we could save some time and water." 

	"U'huh." Erin replied with a mischievous grin as she took hold of his hard cock. "I think this big guy is telling me you are a liar."

	Andrew shrugged as he brought his hands up and cupped her breasts. "Well maybe I wanted to play a little too. You and I are the only ones who have not had any fun yet."

	Erin moved closer to Andrew pressing his hands against her breasts. "Oh we had lots of fun last night. It is a shame you can't remember it. I never thought I'd like anal." She said as she knelt in front of him and began to suck on his cock.

	Andrew looked down at his sister in shock. "What ... we didn't... but..." Was all he could get out of his befuddled brain before he was overwhelmed by the amazing blow job his older sister was giving him. The thought that he may have fucked her in the ass last night was too much for his mind and body to bear and with a grunt Andrew unloaded his overworked balls into Erin's egger mouth.

	As soon as she was done cleaning his cock, Erin gave Andrew a wink and a smile and then exited the shower and started drying herself. Andrew stood there with the water running down his body in a trancelike state as he watched her drying off and then leave the bathroom. It was all too much for his mind to process, after a few seconds he turned off the water and got ready for school. His body was working on autopilot as his mind tried its best to process everything.

	When Andrew's mind finally came to, he found himself walking alone towards the bus stop. He could see Erin already at the stop chatting with her best friend Beth like nothing was unusual. As he approached the gaggle of students waiting for the bus, the girls once again unconsciously formed a barrier around him, however this time no one else really seemed to notice but Andrew. He began to think about what had been happening, all the sensations and feelings that had been filling his life since he woke up less than a week ago. His thoughts were interrupted by his sister sitting next to him. "Penny for your thoughts little brother."

	"Did I really fuck you in the ass last night?" he asked her quietly.

	Erin gave him a devilish grin and smacked him on the arm. "Of course not, I was just pulling your chain. You may be my master now, but you are still my little brother and it is my job to give you a HARD time." She replied just as quietly.

	Andrew frowned at Erin as she wrapped her arms around him and mussed his hair. Beth turned around from the seat in front of them and soon she and Erin were lost in conversation. The rest of the ride went by uneventfully and Andrew used the time to stare out the window and think on what he was supposed to do today. Did he really want to test his new ability on Drew? Did she deserve to be used as a guinea pig? As he thought about it more, it seemed that he really did not have much choice, they needed answers and as far as he could tell it was the only way to get them. 

      The bus pulled up to the school and Andrew headed to his first class. As he entered the Classroom, Mrs. Crabtree motioned him over to her desk. "I have been thinking about the best way to induce her, and I think it would probably be best to do it where very few people are present and to do it quickly. I'll ask you and her to stay after class to discuss the issue you two had on Monday and then once everyone is gone you just kiss her." She said quietly as she shifted through the papers on her desk.

	Andrew nodded and then quickly headed for his seat before anyone got suspicious. As the class came to a close and the students started gathering their books, Mrs. Crabtree asked Andrew and Drew to stay after class. Both of them remained in their seats as the rest of the students quickly made their escape. "Can the two of you please come up to my desk?" She asked once the classroom was empty as she looked down and leafed through the papers in front of her.

	The two students approached her desk with apprehension, but for different reasons. Drew was nervous and concerned over what they had done wrong, Andrew about what he was about to do. "I am a little concerned over the display on Monday." Mrs. Crabtree said once the two had reached her desk. "It was definitely way out of character for both of you. Drew can you please explain your actions."

	Drew looked down at the floor for a few seconds as she moved her feet nervously in front of her. "I am sorry for my behavior ma'am, I have no excuse." She said as she looked up towards Andrew.

	As Drew was looking at the floor Andrew had moved closer to her. Once she looked up and they made eye contact Andrew leaned in and kissed her on the lips. As their lips touched Andrew felt the telltale flash, however something was different. A second later Drew was returning his kiss with passion. Their tongues danced together as Andrew pulled her into his arms. As they kissed Andrew definitely felt something new. He felt something stronger, purer than before. It took him a few seconds to register what it was. He was not feeling lust or desire from Drew like he did from everyone else, he was feeling love.

	Andrew broke the kiss as soon as he realized what he was feeling. It was amazing, like a white light filling his brain. Drew stood there almost glowing with the purity of her feelings for Andrew. It was too much for him, with a cry Andrew turned and ran from the room. He could hear both Mrs. Crabtree and Drew calling for him, however all that registered in his mind was the feeling of love coming from Drew and the bright halo of light that filled his consciousness.

	Andrew ran outside into the main courtyard and then off to the track. He ran past startled students and teachers, ignoring their inquiries. He continued to run until he felt dirt under his feet and he could smell the fresh pine trees of the woods behind the school. He stood there for a while breathing the fresh piney air with his eyes closed as he concentrated on pushing down the turmoil of emotions running through his brain. He could still feel her in his head; she was clearer and stronger than anyone else. She was sad, almost depressed and confused, but above all else he could still feel the love. It almost drowned out everyone else's emotions including his own. He found himself sitting at the base of a tree with his head pressed against the trunk, eyes closed and breathing deeply.

	It took a while, but eventually Andrew was able to get control of himself and his emotions, slowly he was able to push the flood of feelings he was getting from Drew and the others once more to the back of his mind. He stood up and stumbled from the woods back to the school. Halfway there he ran into Mrs. Crabtree. "My god Andrew are you ok, you look pale as a ghost. I think you need to see the nurse."

	Andrew tried to shake her off, but he did not have the strength. "Andrew what happened back in the class room? One moment you're standing there looking like it was the end of the world, then next thing the two of you are kissing like long lost lovers and then you bolt from the class." Mrs. Crabtree said as she led him to the nurse's office.

	"I don't know how to explain it right now, I need time to think." He said as they entered the office. "But I don't think this is a good idea. What if Nurse Johansen gets suspicious?" 

	Mrs. Crabtree chuckled as she motioned for Nurse Johansen. "Then you will have another pretty young thing to love on your cock." 

	Nurse Johansen was a twenty six year old blond bombshell who had been working at the school for the last two years. She had graduated top of her class from the high school eight years before and after a short time working at a local hospital she applied as the school nurse when Ms. Alexander retired. She said she preferred the quiet life at the school over the hustle and bustle of hospitals and clinics, but most people were sure it was the short hours that attracted her more. She married Mr. Johansen three years ago; he was a rich oil baron whose first wife died of cancer, so she did not need to work. The school only required her to be on campus for a few hours each day and she was on call the rest of the time.  She had a good bedside manner, especially with the boys and male teachers as she was a bit of a flirt and she was quite popular with the entire student body and most of the staff.

	Mrs. Crabtree helped Andrew onto the examination table and explained to the nurse that Andrew had grown pale and almost collapsed in her class room after first period. She had let him stay in the classroom until he felt better and after an hour she insisted he come see the nurse.

	"Thank you Ma'am, I will take it from here." She told Mrs. Crabtree as she started her examination of Andrew.

	"Please let me know if you find anything." Mrs. Crabtree replied. "It always makes me nervous when one of my students almost faints."

	Nurse Johansen nodded to Mrs. Crabtree as she looked into Andrew's eyes and ears. Mrs. Crabtree leaned in to whisper into Andrew's ear as Nurse Johansen walked over to her supply cabinet, "Enjoy yourself master, she is a beautiful one, and if what I feel coming from you is an indicator you need some release." She said giving Andrew a wink and a smile and then left the room.

	Andrew shook his head as Nurse Johansen returned to the table with some tools and a gown. "Andrew, I need you to change into this, you can leave your clothes on the chair in the corner." She said as she set the gown on the examination table and pulled the privacy curtain closed and stepped out of the room.

	Andrew changed into the gown and then called for the nurse. He endured Nurse Johansen's inspection as best he could, he could feel her breasts pressing against his back on a few occasions and at one point as she was testing his reflexes he got a good look down her blouse at her bra covered breasts. He tensed when she checked his mouth with the tongue depressor, but thankfully she was careful and never actually came into contact with his saliva. As she examined him, she asked him questions on his diet and his sleep habits and after noticing his obvious erection and giving him a wink and smile about any recent sexual activity. Andrew answered truthfully that he had been recently active, however when questions came up on how often or with whom he remained steadfastly silent. "Well young man, you're exhausted, both mentally and physically. Which is not surprising since you just recently came out of a coma less than week ago. I am recommending you not participate in ANY strenuous activity for at least two months, to include PE and sexual activities." She said as Andrew took of the examination gown and grabbed his clothes.

	As he started to pull on his pants Andrew realized that the nurse had not left him alone and was watching him get dressed. "Is something wrong Ma'am?" He asked as she started at him.

	Nurse Johansen shook her head and looked up into Andrew's eyes. "No, nothing is wrong, I was just thinking about something." She said as her eyes once again fell to his erect crotch and she lightly wet her lips. Andrew quickly pulled his pants on as he realized he could smell the faint odor of his own sweat permeating the room. "Thank you Ma'am, might I get a note for PE and one so I can return to class?"

	She looked him in the eye and again wet her lips. "Of course, not a problem." She replied as she walked over to her desk and started writing on a note pad. She tore off three sheets and handed them to Andrew. "The first one is your excuse from PE, the second is for the office, excusing you for missing the last three classes and the last is for you, it is my personal number. Call me any time, it is in my sewing room so my husband and step daughters never answer it."

	Andrew nodded to her as he folded the number and placed it in his front pocket. He finished getting dressed while Nurse Johansen continued to admire him and then quickly left the office. Andrew headed over to the main office and turned in both his notes to the secretary, got his pass to return to his fourth period class, and then left. He arrived in his math class just in time for the lunch bell. 

	Andrew entered the cafeteria and looked around for Aaron. He found him sitting at their usual table in the back corner. To his surprise his sister Erin and her friend Beth were with him. Andrew walked up to the trio and sat down next to his sister. "Howdy bro, how did things go with Drew?" Erin asked as Andrew opened his sack lunch."

	"Erin, shh." Andrew replied as he motioned towards Beth.

	"Oh don't worry about her, she can't hear a thing, she has had her ears plugged into the new Walkman of hers." Erin replied as she waved her arms in front of Beth.

	Beth stared off into space oblivious to Erin's attempts to get her attention as she bobbed and danced to whatever music she was listening too. Her long brown hair wiped around her face as she got into the music. Beth was a bit of a prep, always wearing light colored collared shirts and the shortest miniskirts the school would allow. Unlike most of the people in her crowed however, she was always nice to everyone and never had her nose in the air. She and Erin had been friends since kindergarten and remained so even though their interests differed greatly.

	Aaron smiled as he watched the seventeen year old dancing away. "So what happened how did it go?" He asked.

	Andrew shook his head. "I am not sure, something weird happened, something I don't fully understand and really don't want to talk about right now."

	"Ok fine. So Erin, you never answered my question of why you and Beth have decided to bless us with your presence?" Aaron inquired as he took a bite from his ham sandwich. 

	Erin smiled as she hugged herself against Andrews arm. "Well ever since last night, I have felt a new kinship with little old Andy here and from what he told me and mom you're a part of all this too, so what the hell, I thought in for a penny in for a pound. That and I wanted to try and convince Andrew to bring Beth into the fold. She really likes him, especially after Monday, and it is driving me nuts not being able to talk to her about all this."

	Andrew let out a sigh as he laid his head on the table. "What is it with you girls; you all want me to add more people. I didn't want to do this to any of you, what makes you think I want to add more? Mrs. Crabtree tried to get me to Bring in Nurse Johansen, now Erin wants me to add Beth? I am so confused."

	"Dude, Nurse Johansen is so fucking hot." Erin exclaimed, "God I would love to see her naked and squealing."

	Andrew and Aaron both stared at her as she looked between them. "What? A girl can't have fantasies?"

	"Not about other girls, they don't." Andrew stammered in shock.

	"Actually, you would be quite surprised Andrew. From studies I have read a large percentage of women and an even larger percentage of teen girls are bi or bi-curious." Aaron replied as he looked at Erin and Beth. "Have the two of you?"

	Erin grinned and looked away from the two boys. "A girl never kisses and tells. I may have and I may not have."

	Andrew shook his head as he stared at his older sister. "Erin, tell me the truth, have you done anything sexual with any girls and if so who?"

	"You're no fun," Erin pouted. "Yes I have with Beth, and Janice Colter, her mom and her little sister, and with June Farr and her little sister." Erin Replied.

	"Emmy Colter is only 11." Aaron exclaimed. "Holy shit, I think you're more than bi-curious."

	Erin shook her head. "It was only one time during a sleep over at the Colters'. Mr. Colter had to work nights and Emmy got to have Sandy over since Beth, June and I were staying over with Janice. It was last year and Mrs. Colter was showing us some stuff she had bought from one of those new women's lingerie parties. Beth and Janice got a little carried away with some of it, and, well one thing led to another and the next thing I know were all touching and playing with each other. Emmy and Sandy were supposed to be in bed. They walked in on us in the middle of it. In the heat of the moment we just let them join in."

	Andrew looked at his sister in shock. "Was that the only time?"

	Erin shook her head. "No, Beth and I fool around now almost every time I sleep over and a few times Beth has hinted she wanted to invite her sister Jamie into it. Also I have fooled around with June and Sandy a few more times."

	"Wow." Was all Aaron could say and Andrew could not get past the mental image of his sister and Beth making out, until his mind put Beth's thirteen year old sister Jamie into the mix and he was once again hard as a rock.

	As Aaron and Erin continued to discuss her bi-curious escapades with her friends and their sisters, Andrew's thought drifted away from the conversation as he began to concentrate on the feelings he was getting from Drew. The intensity had slaked a bit and he could actually think while allowing her feelings to permeate his soul. It was a very relaxing feeling, a lot less intense than the pure desire and overwhelming horniness he got from everyone else. He closed his eyes as he continued to allow her love to flow over him and Andrew felt he could almost see her. Suddenly he could see her in his mind's eye. Her surroundings were a blur but she was crystal clear. She was sitting somewhere staring off into space, he could feel her love and also a sense of sadness. He was looking at her from her right side and a little behind her. As he continued to watch her she turned her head to look at him and smiled. "Hello." He heard in his head.

	Andrew stared at Drew as she sat there in his mind staring back at him. "Drew?" He asked.

	Drew smiled again and he could see her begin to glow once more, ever so slightly. "Yes, Andrew is that you? I can't see you but I can feel you there."

	Andrew nodded.  "Yes it's me. Wow this is so weird." He replied as he tried to extend himself to her.

	Drew tensed up for a second as Andrew pushed his thoughts towards her and then suddenly she opened up and Andrew felt a rush as everything that was Drew flooded his consciousness. In an instant he knew everything about her. She truly did love him and had since the third grade. His family had moved into town that year and he was the new kid. When he walked into the classroom for the first time and Drew looked up and saw him, she felt an instant connection and totally in love with him. Contrary to popular opinion, Drew was not a bimbo, she was actually quite intelligent and still a virgin. However she acquired the stigma because of her platinum blond hair and her utter inability to have a coherent thought when in his presence. She also became a complete klutz when around him. She was so caught up in trying to impress him and so nervous about screwing up she always did. She was also completely devastated when she messed up the chemistry experiment, she realized a second before she mixed the chemicals that they were the wrong ones, and then Andrew knocked her aside and took the brunt of the explosion. She let Erin bully her and beat her up because she felt she deserved it. Through it all though, Drew loved him all the more.

	As Andrew absorbed all the information he had just received from Drew, he realized that she had received the same from him. At first they both sat there in silence until finally she spoke once more. "Wow, Andy that is just, wow, we definitely need to talk about all of this." As she said this he could feel the love and acceptance coming from her just as strong as ever, and to his surprise he found himself returning it.

	Andrew found a new spring in his step and his mind was clear for the first time since waking up from the coma. Drew's love was once again in the background and seemed to override all the other emotions that tried to cloud his mind. For once he could think and act with rational thought and not on instinct as he had been before. After lunch he headed for the library to his study appointment with Kelly. As he approached their usual table he was surprised to find all of the girls from his PE group sitting around the table talking and laughing. They looked up when he entered the room. "Oh, hi Andrew." Kelly said. "I hope you don't mind but the other girls asked to join us as soon as they heard about our little study group.

	Andrew shrugged and took the only open seat at the table between Kelly and Andrea. As they started to study Andrew found himself again distracted by the feelings and knowledge he was getting from Drew. His thought were pulled back to the present when he felt a pair of hands rubbing his legs. Kelly was discreetly rubbing his left leg and Andrea the right. The both blushed and looked at each other when they hands brushed against each other, however neither one stopped rubbing his leg and thigh. He tried to concentrate on the study material, but having two fourteen year old girls rubbing his leg and inner thigh was too distracting. As the bell rang to end class and the other girls rose from the table both Kelly and Andrea took a turn brushing their fingers along his crotch. "Nice." They both whispered as they kissed him on each cheek and left the library. Andrew could hear Drew chuckling in the back of his mind.

	After that Andrew found himself growing increasingly aroused for his two remaining classes and was once again having difficulty thinking, the desire from the other six women increasingly seeped around and through Drew's feelings of love. It did not help that the desire he was receiving and feeling was also affecting Drew. "How do you live with this every day?" She asked in his mind.

	"Very carefully, and most times I fail to keep it in check." He replied.

	Andrew managed to struggle through the rest of his day and as he was packing up his books from his last class Mr. Brown the English teacher called him to his desk. "Andrew, Mrs. Crabtree called down she would like to see you before you go home."

	"Thank you, Sir." Andrew said as he picked up his books and headed for Mrs. Crabtree's classroom. 

	Mrs. Crabtree was waiting for Andrew at her desk. "Oh, hello Andrew, please close the door and come here, I need to talk to you about an experiment." She said as the last few students left the room. Andrew closed the door and walked up to her desk. He noticed that Britney was in the back of the room cleaning the chalk boards.

	"So what happened this morning?" Mrs. Crabtree asked under her breath.

	Andrew motioned towards Britney with his head, as he took the seat next to her desk.

	Mrs. Crabtree smiled. "She is my student assistant during my last period. I asked her to clean up the room before she left. Now, what about that experiment?" She asked.

	Andrew quietly explained to her what happened, his eyes going to Britney every once in a while to ensure she was far enough away that she could not hear them. He then went on to explain everything else that happened between himself and Drew, leaving out the personal information that had been shared. "Wow, well that definitely changes things a bit. If this is something new, then she will not make a good control subject." She replied as she thought about what had been said.

	Andrew watched her as she contemplated the new information. "Well, then we will need a new control subject." She whispered as Andrew looked towards Britney. "Oh her, no, she will not do at all, you have too much contact with her before and after school, considering you both ride the same bus every day."

	"Then what?" Andrew asked.

	"I got it, I'll be right back." She replied as she got up and grabbed her bag.

	Mrs. Crabtree leaned down and whispered into Andrew's ear. "Please Master, enjoy my little gift." Before standing up and heading for the door. As she got to the door she unlocked the thermostat controls, fiddled with it for a second and then re-locked them. She turned and smiled in Britney's direction. "I have to go to the restroom really quick, Britney, I am locking the door so no one comes in and disturbs you while you clean, please wait here until I return so I can sign your student work slip. Andrew, I still wish to discuss that experiment so you wait as well." She then walked out the door.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus