The Auction
by SilkPantyGirl

Amid a spattering of applause, the naked girl hurriedly scooped up her clothes and scampered past us through the curtains and off the stage, giving me a shy grin as she went by. The young man ahead of me was next, and he sauntered out into the spotlight.

There were a few wolf-whistles, and the auctioneer began his patter, "OK folks, here's Paul, he's 23, and six one. This one is ladies-only, so wants him all to herself for the next twenty-four hours?"

A few bids came in, then Paul pulled off his t-shirt, and the bidding sped up, and no wonder, he was ripped! Paul rotated his hips sexily, and slowly unbuckled his belt. He turned his back on the crowd as he let his jeans drop to his feet. He deftly stepped out of them, then winked at me, peeking around the curtain, before turning back around, now only wearing black boxers. The bids kept coming in, and once they seemed to be plateauing, a female voice from the back yelled "Drop em'!" He turned around again, and slowly slid his boxers down, then kicked them in my direction. The bright spotlight from the front of the stage meant my side of him was in shadow, so I didn't get a good look at his cock, which was frustrating, but there was a huge cheer of female voices once he turned back to them, so I assumed it was impressive. He put one hand on his hip, and began stroking his cock to hardness with the other. The women in the crowd went absolutely wild, and the auctioneer had to keep calling for quiet so he could hear the bids. He finally sold for an astonishing amount. I had been sure I would be the biggest sale of the night, but now I wasn't so sure...

As Paul and his huge grin made their way backstage, I steeled myself to go out and best him. This charity auction was the highlight of the annual convention of all the Metro-area swingers clubs, and I knew just being in it would get me lucrative offers to be a "hostess" at their monthly meetings, but my pride had a pretty high value too.

I threw back the curtain and strutted out into the spotlight, my chin and breasts held high. I had gone with a simple outfit - I was counting on my body making the sale. As I reached the front of the stage, I gave a twirl, so that my dress flared out and showed off my long, shapely legs, clad in thigh-high black stockings. The front row caught a glimpse of my panties, and I quickly picked out a wealthy-looking man and gave him a sexy smile.

"Alrighty!" yelled the auctioneer, glancing at his notes, "This is Gabby, and she's, well, she didn't give her age, but let's just go with 'perfect'! Who'll start the bidding?"

As I had hoped, the guy in the front row started, but was quickly outbid, and such generous bids!

"How about you show us some more, Gabby?" Cajoled the auctioneer.

I gave my best lip-biting smile, and slowly reached behind my back and unzipped my dress. I felt the crowd collectively hold their breath, and I waited a couple of beats before I let it slide off my arms and to my feet. I knew I was stunning - my black lingerie trimmed in deep crimson perfectly set off my silky, tan skin and the rich, dark hair that flowed over my shoulders. My flat tummy perfectly contrasted my curvy hips and full bust.

The crowd released one big sigh, and then the bids flooded in again - staggering amounts, both men and women in the crowd yelling ridiculous amounts.

I made a move to take off my bra, and the crowd instantly fell silent, every eye in the place fixed on my chest. I'd never had such a feeling of power before, and it made my clit tingle. Slowly, teasingly, I undid the rear clasp. I held the cups over my tits as I let the straps slide off my shoulders, trying to make eye contact with as many bidders as possible.

I turned my back on them, and felt the eyes all drop to my beautiful ass, framed by my g-string and the stocking-tops. I let the bra drop, but kept my hands over my breasts, and slowly turned around. All the eyes shot back up. I stroked my boobs in languid circles, careful to keep the nipples covered, then, thrusting my chest out, I let my hands drop to my hips.

I thought the cheer would deafen me! The only people not cheering simply had their mouths hanging open. Finally, the noise subsided. A man yelled a bid - double the previous high, and it kept climbing. I slipped one hand into my panties, feeling my wetness, then licked my finger seductively, and I heard a man groan in a way that surely meant he had just come in his pants. I'd never made a man orgasm from such a distance before, and it made me rethink what I'd said I would take off on stage on the entry form - I'd left 'panties' unchecked, figuring I should save something special for the winner.

I felt lightheaded from the adoration, and decided to go for it. I slipped my thumbs under the sides of my panties, and again a hush fell on the crowd. I wriggled my hips and began to slide the silky fabric down. As the lacy top began to reveal the first hint of pussy I turned my back on the room again. I slid my hands down my thighs, keeping my legs closed tight to hold the g-string between my cheeks as long as possible. It finally pulled free, and as I bent over and lifted my legs in turn to step out of the flimsy underwear, the assembled swingers got their first look at my shaved lips. Murmurs of appreciation rose, but quietly, as if they didn't want to break the spell I was casting over them. I covered my pussy with one hand and turned to them again. I sank to my knees, then spread them wide, and lowered myself until my ass was resting on my heels, and my head was touching the floor, my chest thrust to the high ceiling, my large breasts spilling to the sides.

I pushed my middle finger inside myself, then slowly dragged it up, over my throbbing clit, and up to circle my rock-hard nipples. As I revealed my delicious cunt, glistening with my moisture, the buzz of the crowd rose again, and the auctioneer came to his senses and began accepting bids again.

My fingers found their way back down to my clit and began the slow circles they knew so well. I raised my body upright once more and began to stroke my full, perky breasts, pinching my nipples hard the way I always do when I masturbate. The sound of the crowd faded as I drifted off into my own world, and I forgot about them and the auction - there was only pleasure. The hand on my clit began to speed up, as if out of my control, and the other hand drifted down below it. I stroked and teased my pussy lips, alternately pinching them together, then spreading them wide. Two fingers found their way inside my sopping-wet hole, and I began to finger-fuck myself, brushing my g-spot with each stroke. I saw myself from outside, a luscious beauty bathed in a island of light in a dark ocean, fingers a blur between her legs, sharp little cries escaping her throat. The heat began to rise, and my fingers got even faster. I felt a drop of my juice running down to my ass. Suddenly, I pictured all the erect cocks in the room, desperate to be inside me, to fill me, to spray hot cum into me, and I fell over the orgasmic cliff, hurtling through space as wave after wave of ecstasy washed over me. My fingers inside clenched hard against my g-spot, and I doubled over, seeing stars, but smelling my amazing cunt. I let out a deep, guttural groan, and slumped onto my side, utterly spent.

I'm told I had to be helped off stage, and that I raised more money than many people earn in a year, but I have no memory of that.