I'm dressed in a bright bra with matching panties, hooked to skin coloured suspenders, which end in my black stilettos. My blonde hair is pulled tight into a ponytail at the back of my head, which helps to focus attention on to my eyes. I've dusted them in a dark eye shadow, and lined them with black kohl, smudging it to create a smokey look. My pussy tightens as I think of how he will react to my dark eyes and ruby lips. I grab my phone from the table and draft a message, "My pussy is literally aching in desire for you, I love how wet you get me just by thinking about you - hurry up!"
I cast my eyes over my small flat that I have spent the past half hour tidying and transforming into the perfect scene. The lonely flickering light of the candles I have dotted around the room illuminate the black leather of the sofa, where I know I will be kneeling for the majority of the evening. I know it will not be the only light in the room tonight though, as my hand lightly grazes against the sleek glass of my television.
My phone vibrates noisily on the tempered glass of my table, and I can't help but smile at his response; "Five minutes, be waiting." I stand at my door, counting the seconds until finally there is a slow powerful knock. I feel it course through me, as I pull open the door and allow him to fully drink me in. His eyes, framed with light lashes, sparkle in delight as he steps in and presses his left hand against my waist. His right hand reaches between my legs, feeling the wetness from my anticipation of his arrival. A small growl rises from within him, and my pussy clenches again as I realise just how much I want him.
I take a step back from him and smile. "Tonight is not about you pleasuring me. It is about your beautiful little slave pleasuring her master as much as possible." I take his hand and pull him towards the television, where my laptop rests, an HDMI cable plugged into its hole. "In order to do this, you need to tell me what you want to be watching this evening." I lift the laptop screen up, and the light of my television floods the room. I watch as he drags his attention from my body to the television and a small smile creeps across his face. He can see the plethora of porn sites I have loaded up, and I gesture for him to take his pick. I watch as his long fingers that have caused me such shuddering climaxes sweep across the keyboard. The light in the room transforms as he picks a video which fills the screen; a female laying on the bed touching herself as a man looks on. I step towards him and push him onto my sofa, kneeling in front of him.
I smile up at him, and I can see the struggle in him choosing where to look. My hands slowly creep from his ankles and up his legs, gently applying deeper pressure as they rise up to his thighs. As my hands reach the top of his trousers, I feel his groin lift to press against me. I move my hands up to his shoulders, and lightly scratch down his chest, the black cotton of his t-shirt soft against my fingers. I lift his top above his head, revealing his slim torso. My hands run down the line of his chest, focusing on the light spattering of chest hair that feels so delicious against my skin. Careful to ensure that I do not get in the way of his viewing pleasure, I lift myself close to his face, my breath hot against his ear. "I cannot wait to feel your throbbing cock inside my mouth." I rub my right hand against his cock, caged within its trousers, and am delighted to feel that it is already hard. I undo his belt, and drag his trousers down his legs, his huge cock springing to attention. His hand moves to stroke my face. "You are allowed to pull my hair, to grab my shoulders and to scratch me. You are not allowed to do anything else." I whisper into his ear.
I position myself between his legs, and gently begin to kiss the tip of his dick. I revel in the softness of the skin and how wonderful it feels against my lips. I look up and I can see him staring down at me. "Eyes on the television." I order, making sure that he feels every word brush against his cock. His eyes move to the screen, where the sounds of a woman's ferocious orgasms emanate from. I feel his cock throb against my lips, and slide my hand underneath the base of the sofa where I have hidden raspberry flavoured lube. I secretly place some into my hands, rubbing them together to warm the liquid up before placing my right hand on his cock, and my left on his balls. Ever so carefully I caress his balls, delighting in the way they slip between my fingers. My right hand spreads the lube against the thick length of his cock with feather light touches, while I move my tongue to lick the soft skin of his balls. I press my tongue flat against his balls, allowing the sticky tang of the lube to smoother my tastebuds and lips. His balls thoroughly licked, I turn my attention back to his throbbing cock, which I have been aching to take within my lips.
Still, I resist my desire, and press the tip of my tongue to the base of his cock. I lift my tongue to the tip, and then lick back down. The lube is delicious, and only fuels my hunger for his cock. After a few slow long licks, I can feel the tension that's capturing his body. I move my lips to the top of his cock, and swirl my tongue against his thick head. His hand grips my ponytail and tugs gently, and I can't help but move my right hand between my legs; I'm soaking in desire for him. My mouth forms an 'o' shape as I take as much of him as I possibly can between my lips. I stick my tongue down, and press it flat against his cock, my head bobbing up and down. His grip on my hair tightens, as he rolls the hair around his fingers. A rumbling growl escapes him, and I furiously rub my clit with my hand, the pleasure coursing through me causing me to tighten my lips against him and move faster. I'm uncontrollably moaning against his cock. As I feel my orgasm rippling through my body, I stop bobbing and focus on sucking the top of his cock, allowing my gasps of pleasure to send warm hot breath down his shaft.
"Do you have any idea how much I'm enjoying the feel of your cock in my mouth?" I ask him, making sure his cock is still pressed against my bottom lip, and my hands are back to caressing his balls. I notice that the porn has ended, and decide to take this opportunity to play out my other fantasy. I stand, slipping the lube bottle into the top of my stocking and offering him my hand, dragging him into my bedroom. He dutifully follows, desire glazing his eyes. I lie down on the bed, my head halfway up it. "Kneel over me, master." I say.
"You're giving me all these orders... don't you know how you are meant to speak to me?" His voice is low and husky, and my whole body quivers.
I know I've been bad, and quickly work to address my wrongs. I keep my eyes focused on his, as I lick my lips and run my hands across my body. I grip my breasts so he can watch them fill my small hands, and then move my hands to between my legs, "Please, please kneel over me, master. I am desperate to have your cock in my mouth, to feel your cum drip down my throat. Please... I want your cock to feel my mouth tighten against it as I swallow every drop. I promise I will be a good girl master." He climbs above me, pressing his hard cock against my thigh, then against my pussy. I press myself against him so he can feel how wet I am. He kisses me, while his hand grab hold of my breasts.
"I'm going to have to have a little bit of enjoyment with you first, you dirty fucking slut. I don't want you thinking that I come here for you to tell me what to do. I own you, so if I want to fucking touch that sweet sweet pussy of yours, I will." His words are breathily commanded against my ears, sending shivers down my spine. I can barely breathe, as my body tenses so tightly for him as he moves his fingers to my clit, and his tongue to my breasts. Fast flicks causes my nipples to stand erect against his lips, and he sucks them with force. My breath quickens, as my hands grip the sheets beside me, unable to stop the moans that erupt from my lips. A finger slips inside me, "One..." He says, as he sucks my breasts. I feel another enter me; stretching me... "Two..." And I know what is about to come, and I smile in eager anticipation. It is as if a lightning bolt has just struck the top of my legs, sending fire throughout my body.
My back arches as my toes curl, and I scream his name, as he applies the beautiful pressure to the most wonderful spot in my entire body. I can barely contain myself as I writhe beneath him. His strong firm hand presses down on my hips to steady me, but this only increases the sensation, and it is seconds before the shockwaves capture my body, and all the tension that had been intensely gripping me disappears, leaving just beautiful tingles in its absence. My hands cover my face as I take deep breaths, trying desperately to regain my composure, while also making sure I embrace the delirious sensation that is quivering every centimetre of my being. "Now..." I open my eyes, and can't help but feel pride at the look of pure joy on my master's face. "Now that you have remembered that I will touch you whenever I fucking well please... what were you begging me for?"
"Kneel above my face, I need your cock in my face. Please, master."
"You need it, do you? You little slut. Well I can't say no as you have begged so eagerly." He moves so his cock his above my face, his knees pressing against my shoulders and his hands pressed into the bed above my head, in a press up position. My hands stroke his arms as I take his cock in my mouth, feeling the hard curves of his bicep muscles. I may have just had a deliciously intense orgasm, but the feel of his broad shoulders and thick arms never fails to light a fire inside me. "You aren't gonna like this position, my cock is far too big for you this way." I smile as I swirl my tongue against his tip, loving the fact that my master has no idea how I have been spending my evenings away from him. Underneath my pillow, lies my rabbit, which I have been spending every night practicing with. In front of the mirror, I push the thick rubber head between my lips, every night pushing it in further than the night before, so desperate to take as much of my master this way as possible.
I think back to when I first bought the rabbit, having to use lashings of lubes to squeeze it into my pussy. When I turned it on I remember the insanity of the sensation as the beads rotated the tip, and I could feel it against the walls of my pussy. The first time my master's cock entered me it made my rabbit seem so small in comparison, I loved the way my pussy felt as it stretched to take his thick girth within it. It was like my pussy had been waiting for such a magnificent treat, but my mouth required some practice in order to be able to accommodate my desires. He gently pushes deeper and deeper into my mouth. It opens to its maximum in order to allow him entry. I press my cheeks against his cock, so he can feel the smoothness against his shaft. I touch myself as he begins to gently fuck my face, his cock slipping in and out of my lips. I grab the lube from my stockings and press some into my hands. I rub the lube against my lips, and against his shaft as he pulls and pushes it into me. I moan against him, as my body fucks the air between us, unable to control myself. His cock is slathered in lube, my mouth salivating against him. The speed of him fucking my face increases as I can tell he is enjoying himself. I hear his breath quicken, as I grab hold of his deliciously tight arse. Suddenly, he pulls himself from my mouth, and jets of his warm hot cum splash across my cheeks and across my lips. He presses the tip of his cock against my face, spreading the cum around, and I smile in complete and utter fulfilment. I move my index finger to my face, gently run it down my cheek before slipping it between my lips, and tasting what I had worked so hard to earn.
"Was that good master?" I ask, making sure I look as innocent as possible, my blue eyes wide in anticipation of his praise.
"Come here, slut." He grabs my hand and moves himself to a seated position over the edge of the bed, bending me over his leg. Swiftly grabbing the spanking cream from my box, he rubs a thin layer across my butt cheeks and my pussy contracts in excitement. He brings a hand down gently to my cheeks, and with each slap he increases the strength, until the sounds of the slaps are deafening in the quiet of the room, only competing with my squeals of pleasurable pain. "That was very good, but you should know you don't call the shots when it comes to the bedroom. Do you understand?"
"Yes master, I do."
"How do you feel with my cum spread across your lips, and me spanking you despite all your hard work?"
"It feels good master, this is the only way I will learn." I say, each word spaced out between spanks. I imagine my ass is red raw, and beg him to stop. As always, he stops as soon as I ask, and gently rubs some more cream into my ass.
"But as you've been such a good girl..." He bends me over the bed and buries his face into my pussy. He knows it's my absolute favourite position to have him in. I can't stand how much having his tongue against such an intimate place in such an exposing fashion drives me wild, and it takes him a mere minute of sucking and blowing against my clit, of licking up and down my pussy before I am shuddering against his tongue. "Absolutely fucking delightful." He says, as he stands up and leaves the bedroom. I'm left desperately trying to regain my composure as my thighs quiver in complete and utter satisfaction.
It's not long before he returns, scooping me from my kneeling position on the floor and drawing me into a comforting cuddle as I fall asleep against his arms. When I wake up the cum that I worked so hard to earn is dry against my skin, and I smile at just how good a slave I was the night before.