      
      Part IV
      
      "I think we need to make him hard," Susan said.  
"Would you like to help me?"
      "Oh, yeah."
      "Lay down here Charles."  Susan patted the hassock and 
Charles stretched across it, his head just resting on one 
edge and his feet angled to the floor on the other, his 
hips resting right on the edge.  With Lisa following 
Susan's lead, the ladies ended up on either side of 
Charles, their hands slowly fondling his cock.
      Susan leaned down and ran her tongue up the length of 
his cock while looking at Lisa.  Lisa reached out and 
tucked Susan's hair behind her ear, and, slowly stroked her 
cheek with the back of her hand.
      Susan sat up, smiled at Lisa and nodded in the 
direction of where Susan's hand held Charles's still soft 
cock.  Lisa leaned down and licked the tip of him.  There 
was a slight taste of his come.  Imitating Susan, she ran 
her tongue from the tip of his cock down to the base, and 
then, remembering her earlier thoughts and wanting to be 
more than just a follower, she pushed her tongue into the 
crease at the top of his leg and licked him there.
      "Oh my god," Charles said, arching his torso up toward 
the girls.
      Susan's hand went to the back of Lisa's head and she 
held her lightly, encouraging her to not move her face when 
Susan bent down to take the tip of Charles into her mouth.  
His cock began to make a speedy recovery.
      Both girls licked his cock at the same time.  When 
Lisa slid her mouth over the tip of him to take him in her 
mouth, Susan bent lower to nuzzle and lick his balls and to 
take them gently into her mouth.  His cock was almost fully 
erect.
      "Stand up Lisa and straddle him, but don't let him 
inside you yet."
      Lisa did as Susan asked.  With her back to Charles's 
face she straddled him and, at the urging of Susan's hand 
on her hip, lowered her body toward his.  She could feel 
the knuckles on Susan's hand on the inside of her thighs as 
Susan stroked Charles's cock.
      Charles could feel just the very tip of his cock 
against the soft, feathery lips between Lisa's legs.  His 
wife rubbed him back and forth against her slit, creating a 
sensation so good he almost wanted to tell her to stop.  
Lisa could feel his hardness separate her and without 
actually penetrating her, she felt her lips slide on either 
side of the head of his cock.  Susan was breathless with 
excitement at the sight of her friend's pussy, glistening 
wet, opening slightly as she rubbed his cock back and 
forth.  
      His cock began to shine from the moisture that 
gathered between Lisa's legs.  Holding Charles still, Susan 
raised up to her knees until her lips were right next to 
Lisa's ear.  She moved the tip of Charles to Lisa's clit 
and pressed her there as she said, "Are you ready to fuck?"
      "Oh, yes.  Please."
      "Get on your knees."
      In a scramble, Charles moved and Lisa got on her knees 
on the hassock.  She lowered her face to the cushion and 
raised her hips as high as she could, wanting to show, 
wanting her friends to see her in that position.
      Susan led Charles around by his cock until he stood 
behind Lisa's upraised hips and spread legs.  She teased 
them both again by rubbing the tip of him up and down 
Lisa's wet slit, but keeping her fist closed around him so 
that he could not penetrate Lisa.
      "You know, Lisa, you keep partying with Charles and 
me, one of these days he's going to fuck your ass."  As she 
said that, she rubbed the tip of Charles's cock up over 
Lisa's asshole.  "But, not right now."
      She moved his cock back down to Lisa's pussy.  Using 
her free hand she rubbed Lisa and opened her.  She pushed 
the tip Charles's cock inside Lisa and moved her hand as 
she urged him forward.  Charles and Lisa both moaned in 
appreciation as his cock slid into her.  He moved slowly, 
savoring the feel of her around him.
      Susan pushed her husband's legs apart and lay back 
down on the floor with her head positioned between Lisa's 
spread knees.  She could see his cock sliding in and out of 
her friend and the way his cock folded Lisa's pussy lips in 
when he slid in and the way her lips rolled out when he 
slid back out.  Susan's hand went between her legs.
      Susan noticed that Charles's cock was getting wetter 
and wetter, moisture clinging to him with each stroke.  
Susan reached up and grasped his cock, pulled to let him 
know what she wanted and, when his cock slid from Lisa, 
Susan pulled it down and into her mouth.  She savored the 
flavor of her friend for one lick, and then two or three.  
She pushed him back and he slid easily back in.
      Lisa could not see, but she could sense that Susan had 
taken Charles's cock from her pussy and sucked him for a 
second or two.  The thought of that almost made her come.  
And then, she felt Susan's lips on her.
      Susan held Charles so that he was just inside Lisa.  
Susan raised her head and put her tongue at the juncture 
where his cock entered Lisa.  At that place, her tongue was 
on the swollen bud of Lisa's clit.  Charles moved as much 
as he could without pushing Susan out of the way.  As she 
moved against Lisa's clit, his cock was sliding against her 
lips and tongue.  
      Lisa began to climax.
      As Lisa shuddered and flexed her thighs, Susan lay her 
head back down so that Charles could stroke long and deep 
inside of Lisa.  Susan kept one finger on Lisa's clit and 
rubbed her as she climaxed, stopping just before it became 
painfully intense to Lisa.  A finger on Susan's other hand 
insinuated itself between the cheeks of Charles's ass.  She 
was trying to push it inside his ass, but only got the tip 
of her finger a little of the way in when he began to come, 
ejaculating into the hot wet center of Lisa's sex.
      Susan watched with considerable enjoyment as his come 
mixed with the juice from Lisa's pussy, coating his cock 
and gathering until it dripped, hitting Susan on the chin.  
Without thought, her tongue curled out and tasted the 
mingled tastes of Lisa and Charles.
      A moment later they were all three sitting side by 
side on the couch, Charles in the middle with an arm around 
each lady.
      "That was fun," he said.
      Susan laughed softly and patted his leg.
      Lisa said, "I cannot believe we did that.  Guys, that 
was without a doubt the most incredible sex I've ever had."
      "So, you're okay with it?" Susan asked.
      "Yes.  Thanks.  I'm very okay with it, if you are."
      Susan laughed.  "Who started it?"
      "Okay, yes, I'm very okay."
      "Good.  Want to do some more sometime?"
      "Oh yeah, just say the word.  I'll get nasty with you 
guys anytime."  Her hand was idly playing with Charles's 
cock.

