“Hey you!”

Shizune shrieked and threw a handful of shurikens. There was a yelp and a pug leapt out of the way.

“I’m so sorry!” She stumbled. “You surprised me!” It went unsaid that surprising a ninja was generally an all-around bad idea.

The pug glared at her. “Where’s Tsunade-sama?” It asked, a bit crossly.

She blinked. “She’s in the back room. I’ll go get—never mind,” she interrupted herself as the Hokage hurried in, probably summoned by Shizune’s earlier screech.

Tsunade took one look at the ninja dog and growled. “I am not going to fix him this time! Maybe if he stays broken for a while, he’ll stop doing stupid things all the time! It’ll do the idiot some good!”

“I’m not here about Kakashi,” the dog snapped back, just as irritably. “I’m here to get you for his school teacher.”

Shizune gasped, colour running out of her face, but Tsunade didn’t even blink. “Is he at the hospital now?” She asked, heels clicking as she strolled towards the door.

“He will be within the next five minutes.” The pug trotted after her.

Tsunade nodded shortly. “Have Sakura-kun help you with the paperwork.” She ordered Shizune before slamming the door.

xXxXxXxXxXx

Tsunade was tired, angry, and in desperate need of a very stiff drink. Iruka’s hand had been one hell of a fix; she had to rebreak a few of the bones because they weren’t set properly (not that anyone really could have set any of the bones properly with the state his hand was in; she wondered if she knew anyone who actually knew how to set the pisiform) and she’d have to wait a week or two before she could say that his hand was healing the way it was supposed to and the muscles and tendons were reattaching themselves properly. She had enough faith in her skills to know that he’d regain full use later—he’d develop arthritis much sooner, but that she could treat.

She didn’t even want to think about the infection she had wrestled out of his messed-up feet or the complications that had arisen from the fact that he still was dehydrated and having troubles with solid foods —despite the obvious and doting care that Kakashi had bestowed on him.

What the hell were those people thinking? He was a goddamn school teacher, not a member of ANBU! They didn’t have to torture him!

DAMN, she needed a drink.

Unfortunately, she lacked alcohol of any sort, so people were just going to have to fucking deal with it!

“Report.” She snarled at Kakashi, who about one degree shy of being plastered to door to Iruka’s room and looking a little bit like death warmed over. “And make it fast!”

Kakashi tucked the novel he clearly wasn’t reading into his pocket and straightened up. “Hatake Kakashi, jounin—”

“Skip that crap and get to the point!”

“Received mission and immediately retrieved something for my dogs to track. Tracked target for about four days. Arrived at their camp. Capturers resisted and thus were eliminated. Retrieved target, did basic first aid, and destroyed evidence of having been there. Removed binding jutsu and headed home. Travelled for about two and a half days. Upon arrival home, brought target to hospital for treatment. End report.”

“I told you not to kill anybody!”

“My orders were to not kill unless they directly prevented the success of my mission.” Kakashi stayed standing firmly, staring straight ahead in the proper attention position. “They directly stopped me, so I killed them. I did not use the Sharingan or my Chidori, as were my orders.”

Tsunade eyed him suspiciously. “I don’t believe you,” she snapped, “but you’re in luck because I’m going to let it go this time. Dismissed.”

She nearly walked away, but then realised that she owed Kakashi at least a little bit, especially since he mostly followed her orders for once. “Your teacher will be fine. He needs to sleep and I’ll check on his progress tomorrow, but you’re allowed to go in and see him.”

She smirked slightly when Kakashi’s shoulders sagged ever so slightly and she could see some of the tension in his body melt away. “Thank you, Hokage-sama.”

She waved it off and watched him slink into the room at twice his normal speed. It was about fucking time that Kakashi found someone to protect and maybe that chunin could whip Kakashi into shape. It was a nice little thought.

She smirked again, and then went in search of strong alcohol.

xXxXxXxXxXx

The nurse glared. “I threw you out two hours ago!” She hissed. “That means you stay out!”

Kakashi gave her a bored look. “I’m keeping him calm.”

“He’s on enough sedatives and pain medications to drop an enraged hippo! You do not need to be here!” She bit out. “Not to mention that you’re in the way of his I.V. line!”

“The line is completely clear and firmly in his vein.” Kakashi drawled out quietly. “You should keep your voice down.”

“You’re in direct—”

Iruka made a soft sleepy noise and shifted his weight closer, eye lashes fluttering slightly. Kakashi tightened his hold slightly and waited for Iruka’s snuggling movements to cease. Moments later, the chunin’s breathing had evened out again.

“You need to leave, now!” The nurse snarled. “You aren’t—”

“What’s all the commotion about?” An older nurse with arms the size of tree trunks stuck her head in the room.

“Nee-sampai, this ninja is disturbing the rest of our patient and he will not leave.”

Nee took a quick stock of the room. “Umino-san hardly looks disturbed to me,” she observed dryly, noting the way Iruka was cuddled up to Kakashi, head buried jounin’s shirt as he breathed deeply. “Besides, with the grip he has on Hatake-san, I highly doubt that Hatake-san could go anywhere.”

“Nee-sampai—”

“Oh, let them be! If you had been listening to anything, Tsunade-sama said that Hatake-san could be here because he’s Umino-san’s lover and focus. Now go and see if there are patients who really need your interference!”

“Yes, Nee-sampai.” The nurse muttered sullenly and sulked out of the room.

“I’m not really Iruka’s focus.”

“You are now.” Nee picked up Iruka’s chart and made a few marks on it. “The Hokage warned us that we might not be able to get rid of you and said it might just be easier to let you stay with Umino-san. He’s needed less medication since you’ve been here with him and he’s not nearly so restless. You clearly have a positive effect on him, so far be it from me to hinder his recovery process.”

Kakashi looked down on Iruka’s still too thin face as the nurse headed for the door. “Good-night, Hatake-san,” she said, before closing the door and leaving them alone.

xXxXxXxXxXx

Tsunade stormed into the room the next morning. “Funny thing that happened this morning,” she gritted out, voice low. “The ANBU squad I had sent out after you came back today.”

Kakashi had the gall looked distinctly unimpressed. He also didn’t stop petting Iruka’s hair.

“All sorts of interesting things in their report, things like the building those ninjas were using was hit by a giant fireball.”

“I told you that I destroyed the evidence of being there. Fire is very good at doing that.”

Tsunade continued, almost as if Kakashi hadn’t spoken. “They also told me that there were four bodies inside—all of which were killed before the place was burned.”

“I already told about that. They were directly in the way of me completing my mission, so I was forced to kill them.”

“Bullshit!” She snarled. “I read the squad’s goddamn report! The body they found in the basement—the only one, by the way, that hadn’t been burned to a crisp—had been fuckin’ castrated!”

“I didn’t do that,” Kakashi said spitefully. “Though I won’t lie and say that I didn’t want to.” He suddenly smiled viciously. “He was a eunuch when I got there.”

“Are you telling me all those amputations were just magically there when you got there?”

“Iruka is very capable,” Kakashi pointed out dryly, looking both irate and proud. “I only killed them when they got in my way. Pretty much anything else—other than the burning of their bodies—happened before I got there. And for the record, one of Iruka’s traps killed the eunuch, not me. I’d never seen leg irons do that before, and it certainly didn’t look like it felt too good.” He added as an afterthought.

Tsunade scowled darkly. With the flesh turned into masses of carbonised crap, she had no way of knowing if Kakashi was telling her the truth—for once. Still, it didn’t change the fact that they could tell that some of the ninjas had missing body parts. “Do you have proof of this?”

Kakashi shrugged lazily. “You’ll have to ask Iruka to collaborate my story when he wakes up. I’ll say this in my defence, though; if I really had wanted them to suffer and still followed those orders about no killing, I could have used the flesh-eating jutsu or slow roast jutsu, and I didn’t.”

She glared at him, not having a good argument for that. “If I find out you’re lying…” she threatened, deciding she’d come up with something suitably terrible later. She huffed, still angry about the whole thing, but knowing that she would have done terrible to those ninjas if she had come across them torturing her lover and the fact that Kakashi claimed he didn’t said something.

“Keep him quiet and notify me when he’s conscious.” She snapped before leaving, deciding that it wasn’t too early to get drunk.