Author: mypenname3000
Title: Shipwrecked on Futa Island Chapter Seven: Preacher's Futa Wife's Wicked Delights
Summary: Mrs. Hart and her daughter Chantelle enjoy being futas on the mysterious island!
Keywords: Hf Hh anal bodymod wife cheat inter

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Chantelle Hart

I shuddered in delight as Jane swung me through the jungles. I quivered slung over her shoulders as she went from vine to vine. This island that I had shipwrecked on was insane. I mean, Jane had this big futa-dick that grew from where her clit was.

And she claimed I could have one, too.

My own futa-dick.

Last night, I had been blowing Captain O'Donnell on the bridge of the Lady of the Sea, a cruise ship, and today I was getting fucked by a futa-savage. Like a female Tarzan with a huge dick. It was wild. My mother would freak out if she saw this.

She tried to keep me from having fun on the cruise ship after dragging me along to the ladies' Christian retreat being held on it. Hundreds of women from all the local churches having bible lessons, craft projects, and enjoying themselves while praising the Lord.

It was enough to make a goth cutie like me sick.

But I was a preacher's daughter, and my mother insisted that I come. She didn't trust me out of her sight. And for good reason. I would fuck every guy I could. I hated all that Christian repression. I wanted to get my pussy blown out by big dicks.

And Jane had such a huge one.

I did hope that my mother and sister, Elise, were okay, plus the others on the cruise ship, but it was hard to be worried with Jane around me. She had given me so many wonderful orgasms. Her futa-dick was awesome.

And I wanted to be a futa, too.

I almost wished my mother would stumble across us fucking in the jungle just so her knickers would get twisted into such a knot. That would be so hilarious. She wouldn't be able to handle a futanari. She was way too traditional and conservative for that. She had a hard time with lesbians.
 
Jane let go of the vine and landed on the ground by a small pool of silvery water. It was surrounded by flowers. I didn't recognize them, but they were orangish red and quite beautiful. I stared at the water and realized it glowed.

Like that spot in the bottom of the lagoon that glowed when I floated to shore. Waking up in a lifesaver had been a frighting experience, even if I had been bobbing in placid, warm waters. I was pretty sure I had come ashore on the south part of the island. We were probably near that big mountain I had seen.

Is this it? I asked as Jane unslung me. I stared at the waters, my petite body quivering. I leaned over it, my dyed-black hair swaying around my face. I licked my lips, wondering if I still had on my black lipstick.

I knew my white foundation had already washed off. I wasn't as pale as I should be.

Is this what will make me into a futanari?

Yes! Jane said with excitement. She didn't speak proper English. Bathe! Chantelle futa! Big clit-dick! Like Jane! She grabbed her own huge cock and jiggled it at me. Her tanned tits bounced. They were big and soft. So round.

You sure? I asked. I mean, there's no one else here, right? You're alone?

Her face scrunched up. Me remember... Abby. Her eyes widened. See Abby?

Who is she? I asked, shaking my head.

No remember. Jane let out a huff. Just Abby. She shrugged. But angels tell. Say pool magic. Me bathe! Me futa!

Gotcha, I said, glancing at the water. Wait, angels?

Come sleep. No cocks. Just pussy. Like Chantelle. She grinned. Me fuck. So good! Me love! Good pussy!

Is there bad pussy? I asked.

Me no know, she said, shaking her head, her big boobs jiggling. Chantelle good. Good pussy! Me like! Fuck now? She grabbed her girl-cock and stroked her hand up and down it.

I shuddered and said, No, no, I want to have my own futa-dick. I want to be a dickgirl like Jane! 

Yay! she squealed and clapped her hands together. Then fuck me?

Oh, yeah, I said and boldly stepped into the water. It was glowing. From angels, apparently. This was a weird island. I think I'll call this Futa Island! I declare it to be so!

I smiled at that as the water sank up my thighs then reached up to my waist. My pussy tingled in the glowing liquid. I shuddered, loving that sensation. I stared down at the glow. It came from a crack at the bottom. How peculiar!

My clit tingled more as I stood here. I wondered if I had to dunk myself all the way in it. I stared down my petite body, my small breasts topped by soft-pink nipples. I grabbed them and twisted them. The water rippled behind me.

Me fuck! she said and placed her cock in between my butt-cheeks. No wait!

Sure, I groaned and placed her cock between my butt-cheeks. She had already fucked me in the ass once, her cum filling up my bowels. I did not mind a repeat.

She thrust against me. I groaned at the feeling of her clit-dick pushing against my asshole. My backdoor stretched open with ease after being broken in. I yawned wider and wider open, whimpering. My clit throbbed into the water as she popped into my anal sheath.

I shuddered at the feeling of her thick shaft sliding deeper and deeper into my bowels. It was an incredible delight to have more and more of her dick sliding into my anal sheath. I loved the feelinging of her thick shaft delivering into my asshole.

Her hands slid up and cupped my small tits as she bottomed out in my bowels. I clamped my asshole down around her, loving the feeling of her in me. I shuddered as she drew back. She pulled back her cock. My asshole clamped down on her, savoring the pullback.

The heat melted to my cunt soaking in the magical waters.

She rammed back into me. I gasped as she buried to the hilt in my asshole. My bowels gripped her girl-dick. I loved every second of her thrusting into my backdoor. The velvety heat rippled through my body. I whimpered.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned, her hands massaging my small boobs. My nipples shot delight down to my cunt.

My clit tingled more as I groaned, Fuck my asshole, Jane!

Me fuck! she gasped, pumping away at me. Me fuck good!

Yeah, you do, I panted, the heat from my bowels soaking through my cunt. I shuddered, my pussy clenching as she drilled into me. So fucking good!

My clit swelled. It felt so thick. Then I groaned as it grew. It sprouted into a futa-dick. That was wild. I loved the feeling of it growing from my crotch. I gasped as it pushed out from my pussy lips and grew into the water. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned at the sight of my girl-dick growing. It's working. I'm becoming a futanari, Jane! Just like you!

Yay! she cheered as she fucked into my asshole again and again. She buried into me over and over again. I loved the feeling of her futa-dick hammering my bowels. She drilled into me with such force. She fucked into my bowels with everything that she had. Chantelle futa!

I am! I groaned, my new clit-dick growing thicker. Longer. It thrust out into the water, bobbing up and down. I grabbed it, holding it. My new futa-cock was warm and thick. It pulsed with my heartbeat as it swelled more and more.

It grew as big as Jane's girl-dick. I groaned in delight, my bowels clenching about her thrusting cock. She fucked my bowels with such force, hurtling me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to just bursting from this delight. 

She buried her futa-dick into my anal sheath over and over again. The heat soaked my pussy and swelled these two points in me. I gasped at that new sensation. This aching need to erupt grew at the tip of my dick as pressure built in those two spots.

Holy shit, I groaned, my asshole melting around Jane's thrusting cock.

The water rippled around us as she butt-fucked me. She buried her clit-cock to the hilt in my bowels again and again. I loved it. My toes flexed against the smooth stones I stood on. The ache grew at the tip of my futa-dick. I had to cum with it. 

I had to spurt all that jizz from the tip of it. That would be incredible. A big grin swelled on my lips as that huge cock buried into my asshole again and again. Jane fucked me so hard. So fast. She plowed to the hilt in my anal sheath again and again.

My bowels clenched about her as my futa-dick twitched in my hand. I loved this so much. I groaned, waves washing around the pool from her hard strokes. She buried into me again and again. She filled me up with so much cock. I loved it so much. 

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, feeling that urge to erupt building in those two points. My girl-balls or something. Ooh, that's amazing, Jane!

Jane love! gasped the futa-savage. Yes, yes! So good! Ass good! Chantelle good!

I'm so fucking good, I groaned, my bowels squeezing down on that futa-dick as I hurtled towards that moment of eruption. Yes, yes, just keep fucking that hard dick into my asshole. I'm going to erupt!

Good! she squealed and slammed into my bowels.

My new futa-dick throbbed in the water, floating there as I shuddered through all this rapture. It was such an amazing moment. I groaned, savoring this delight. It was just such a hot passion to have her girl-cock pummeling my asshole.

The ache grew at the tip of my futa-dick. This need to erupt. It was amazing. My ovaries quivered. That was blue balls, right? Men always talking about how they just itch. How they have to cum or they'll explode. I got it now.

Jane's big boobs rubbed into my back, her nipples hard and her tits soft. She rubbed at my nubs, pleasure sparking down to my pussy. My ovaries drank in those sizzling delights. They raced up my futa-dick to throb at the tip.

Oh, I think it's about to happen, I groaned, squeezing my bowels down on her futa-dick. Yes, yes, it's happening. Fuck!

She buried into me and I burst.

My asshole writhed around her futa-cock. I shuddered, my anal sheath suckling at her girl-dick. It was an incredible delight. My pussy convulsed as that pressure in my ovaries rushed down my cock and erupted into the water.

Milky cum jetted into the water, forming billowing clouds of futa-jizz. The next blast disturbed the cloud. Then the third. The fourth. I groaned as my girl-seed flooded the pond. My toes curled while my asshole writhed around Jane's thrusting futa-rod.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, Jane, that's so good! Cum in my bowels!

Me will! she gasped and buried to the hilt in my anal sheath.

I gasped as her cum spurted into my asshole. She fired blast after blast of her cum. It was an incredible rush to have her spunk flooding my asshole. I quivered, loving that delight pumping into my snatch. It was an incredible passion.

Me love! she squealed.

Me, too! I moaned, my anal sheath milking her futa-dick. 

I worked out the cum from her bowels as I pumped more and more into the water. The powerful explosions of bliss from my girl-dick shot through me. The pleasure slammed into my mind. I shuddered, the waves of delight mixing with those intense bursts of euphoria.

Fuck, futa-dicks are awesome!

Yes! 

Jane kept firing her futa-jizz into my bowels as my cock ran dry. I groaned, swaying from the delight of it. This was an amazing moment. I savored it. My head swayed from side to side as I swayed in the water. Jane whimpered and erupted a last time into my asshole.

Oh, god, that was so good, I moaned, my heart pounding in my chest. That was just wonderful. I loved that so much. Thank you! Thank you so much for that! Thank you for making me into a futa. This is awesome!

It is! she squealed and ripped her futa-dick out of my asshole. Fuck more?

Yep! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Agatha Hart

I lay on my back beside the silvery pool that had changed me into a futa. I squirmed on the soft moss that surrounded this pool, my futa-dick throbbing between mine and Rosa's stomachs. She lay on me, her futa-dick in my married pussy.

I was a preacher's wife, but I had given in to sin.

I had been washed overboard off my cruise ship where I was leading a ladies' retreat. I had come awake on the shores of this island, followed a path into the jungle, and found this pool with a glowing, silver light. It made my clit into a dick.

And that dick could cum.

My orgasm had coated mine and Rosa's tits in jizz. The Hispanic woman shuddered on me, her futa-dick twitching in my snatch. I had cheated on my husband. Me! And I didn't care. Not after all the pleasure that I had enjoyed since my clit grew into a cock.

I was having such a blast. It was like I had washed up on an island free from the responsibilities of being a good, Christian wife. An example to all the other women, and to my two daughters. I was free to just... sin.

I was on vacation from my life.

Cast adrift from it and able to indulge in all these delights. 

You can! Rosa said, answering my question. I had asked if I could fuck her. You fuck! Me like! Want try futa-dick!

You've never been fucked by a futa? I asked. But you've been with a man?

Think so, Rosa said, squinting up. Hard remember. Hazy. But no futa. Mrs. Hart fuck me. Yes?

Yes, I breathed, so eager to fuck her. What do you remember?

She furrowed her brow. Pita. She... sister? We close. Me think.

There was a Pita on the cruise ship. I remembered passing her talking on her phone while I was searching for Chantelle, my youngest daughter. I had spent so much energy trying to keep her from sinning, and now here I was so eager to fornicate with Rosa. Well, I doubt it was the same Pita. It was a common Hispanic name.

Rosa slid her futa-dick out of my cunt. I shuddered at that. She was so huge, three times the size of my husband. I quivered at just how much she had filled me up. At how much she had satisfied me. It was an amazing treat to have that huge girl-cock in me.

But now she was out of me. Her cum leaked out of my pussy while my futa-spunk coated her boobs. And mine. I scooped off some of my pearly jizz from my breast and popped the salty treat into my mouth. I loved the flavor of girl-seed.

I was turning into such a wanton wife. If Elise or Chantelle saw me, my two daughters would have a conniption fit. They would never believe I would like cum or cheat on their father. I had trouble believing it. That was how surreal this was.

Rosa turned around and knelt before me. Her plump, Latina rump jiggled before me. Her thick bush dripped with her pussy cream. Her golden-brown cock gleamed in my juices. I shuddered as I stared at that thick dick that had fucked me.

Mrs. Hart fuck! groaned Rosa, wiggling her ass. Me need! Want cock! Fuck pussy! Pound hard! Make cum!

Lord, yes, I groaned, my futa-dick eager for the delight of sliding into her pussy. I wanted to bury my big shaft right into her twat. I'll fuck you so hard, Rosa. I'll pound you with everything that I have. It'll be great.

It will!

I pressed my cock into her thick bush. Her curls spilled over the crown of my dick. I found the lips to her pussy. I groaned at the feeling of her hot labia on me. I shuddered at how amazing that felt on the folds of my pussy.

Groaning, I thrust into her cunt.

Her hot pussy engulfed my dick. It was an incredible delight. I sank into her depths. I savored her devouring my cock with that hot flesh. I shuddered as more and more of my futa-dick vanished into her juicy snatch. 

I gripped her hips and pushed the last few inches into her pussy. I groaned as I sank into her twat. It was wonderful to be in her. I shuddered, my futa-dick throbbing in her twat. I loved how it felt being in her. It was so great to have her about me.

Wow, I breathed as I experienced all that hot pussy around my futa-dick.

Good! purred Rosa. Big. Thick. Me love! Fuck me! Mrs. Hart fuck!

Right, I groaned, just soaking in her pussy was amazing. But I had to fuck her. 

Holding her hips tight, I drew back my cock. She groaned as she squeezed down on me. I gasped, my big boobs jiggling. Cum ran down my boobs as her hot flesh massaged my futa-dick. Especially the crown. 

That part felt so sensitive. 

That spongy tip just drank in all the feeling of her twat. I savored it and thrust into her twat. I rammed back into her pussy. I squealed as the heat shot down my futa-cock to my pussy. It washed through my twat and rippled through my body.

I pumped away at her cunt, reveling in every thrust. In every plunge into her hot snatch. She had such an amazing pussy. I loved it. I savored thrusting away at her hot twat. The waves of delight washing down my futa-dick spilled through my cunt and washed around my ovaries.

Oh, yes, I moaned, my big boobs jiggling. Rosa! Oh, Rosa, that's so good!

I pounded her twat. I fucked her with such force. I loved this so much. I groaned, thrusting way at her. I fucked into her with such force. I buried into her twat with everything that I had. It was an incredible delight to plunge into her snatch.

Me love! Rosa squealed, her hot pussy gripping me. Her butt-cheeks were jiggling from the force of my crotch smacking her rump. Me love much!

Good! I moaned, my crotch slamming into her butt-cheeks again and again as I buried into her cunt again and again.

I shuddered, savoring that hot and juicy snatch gripping me. It was a fantastic delight. I reveled in that wonderful pussy massaging my futa-dick as I pumped away at her. This was heavenly. It was so sinful and amazing all at the same time.

I never wanted to stop thrusting into her twat. I wanted to keep fucking Rosa. Just bury into her cunt again and again. It would be fantastic to enjoy. Just a powerful delight. I shuddered, my futa-dick burying into her snatch again and again.

My tits heaved. They smacked together as I fucked over and over into her snatch. The heat soaked down my shaft and spread throughout my pussy. My ovaries loved the pleasure, swelling with my load of girl-cum.

I would flood her pussy.

Just pump my girl-seed into another woman's pussy.

This was so wild. So against God's creation.

Was that why it made me so hot to enjoy this? That we were in such violation of His grand plan? I shuddered, pumping away at Rosa's pussy. I experienced more pleasure than I ever had in my life. My boobs bounced and heaved as I fucked into her cunt. I plowed over and over into her snatch. I reveled in this amazing bliss.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, letting my passion echo through the jungle. Oh, that's so good. That's amazing!

Is is! gasped Rosa, her pussy clenching about my futa-dick. Me love! Me love! Good fuck! Mrs. Hart! You good! Me love!

Thank you, Rosa, I groaned. I love this, too. I love this so much. It's so amazing. Oh, my Lord, this is such a sinful delight to bury into your tight and wet pussy. Oh, Rosa, I'm going to cum so hard in your pussy!

Yes, yes, yes! she squealed. 

I plowed into her. I loved that so much. I savored that heat surging into my cunt. It was wondrous. My twat dripped with juices as I buried to the hilt in her cunt. I fucked her with just such passion. I pounded her with everything that I had.

The pressure in my ovaries swelled, matching that aching need to erupt that grew at the tip of my girl-dick. I whimpered, my face contorting with the delight as my passion echoed through the jungle. This was such a wonderful experience.

Oh, that's wonderful, I groaned, my pussy dripping juices. Oh, yes, yes, I love this so much!

Me, too! she gasped. Me cum!

Me, too! I whimpered, plowing into her cunt, so close to that moment of eruption.

I slammed into her snatch, and she squealed. Her pussy went wild around my dick. She suckled at me with that hungry twat. It was an amazing rush to have her silky sheath writhing around my futa-dick. I groaned, my head throwing back as the pleasure built and built in me.

Then it erupted out of me. All that cum fired out of my cunt and splashed against her cervix. I shuddered, reveling in that delight. It was perfect. Just the sort of passion that I craved to experience. The pleasure slammed into my mind.

Oh, my Lord! I gasped, my pussy convulsed, soaking my bush and spilling cream down my thighs. Spurt after spurt of cum erupted from my girl-dick. Yes, yes, yes!

Cum! Cum! Rosa gasped.

Her pussy suckled at me. That wonderful, hot twat rippled around me, working out all that jizz from within me. I loved every moment of it. Every last second of this ecstasy that swept through me. I groaned, my heart beating wildly.

Oh, yes! I whimpered. Oh, my Lord, that's so good. That's amazing!

Me love!

Rosa's hot pussy worked out all my girl-cum. Her futa-dick must have spurted her seed on the ground. That seemed like such a waste. I shuddered, jizz drying on my boobs. I fired one last time, emptying my girl-dick into her pussy.

I swayed there as she trembled. I had just filled her pussy with cum. I licked my lips, wanting to do such sinful things to her. I wanted to eat her out. Just feast on that naughty creampie that she had in her. I would go to town on her. Just devour her cunt. 

Rosa, I want to lick all that cum out of your pussy! I moaned.

Yes! she squealed, her pussy rippling around my futa-dick.

Oh, yes,.I was on a vacation. A vacation from all that was wholesome and proper.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Chantelle Hart

Hot cum ran out of my asshole as I turned around in the magical pool that had just made me into a futa. I smiled as Jane crawled out, her tan ass dripping with water. She knelt by the flowers around the pool, her thick futa-dick swinging between her thighs.

I stared at her thick bush soaked from the water. She had a pussy, but... What was good for the goose as good for the... goose? I grinned. No ganders on this island. Just us futa-chicks that needed to fuck each other with our hard girl-cocks.

I climbed out of the water and knelt behind her. The warmth of the day rippled around me. I pressed my futa-dick into her butt-crack and slid down to her asshole. She gasped in delight and threw a look over me.

Fuck ass? she asked. Not pussy?

I want to make this as dirty as possible, I purred. You up for that?

Me is! 

I drilled against her anal sheath, loving the feeling of her against me. This was a thrill. A complete delight. I was so glad to feel this. I wanted to just have her anal sheath swallow my cock. That would be excellent. I pushed against her anal ring.

Jane groaned as her asshole widened to take my girl-dick. She shuddered there, her moans echoing through the jungle. I liked the sounds she made as her anal ring stretched. Gasps and moans. Her head tossed, her brown hair dancing.

Then her anal ring surrendered.

Yes! she gasped as I entered her asshole. Chantelle butt-fuck! Yes! Yes!

Going to butt-fuck the hell out of you, I groaned as I sank into her asshole. 

Her velvety bowels engulfed my futa-dick. I groaned, loving every moment of sinking into her tight anal sheath. She clenched about me as more and more of my new clit-dick vanished into her anal sheath. My asshole clenched, her cum trickling out of me.

That felt so wild. As I sodomized her, I felt her cum spilling down to my taint from my asshole. My futa-dick vanished inside her backdoor. I pressed my shaved pussy lips into her bowels. It was quite the delight to enjoy.

Oh, damn, that's good, I moaned, savoring her hot bowels squeezing about me. Oh, yes, yes, that's just amazing. Shit!

Chantelle amazing! Jane moaned. Cock amazing! Asshole amazing! Me amazing!

Fuck, yea! I groaned, gripping her hips.

I drew back my cock, her bowels clenching down around my futa-dick. It was an incredible delight. I loved the feeling of her anal sheath gripping me. I groaned as I drew back my hips. She squeezed about me in such an exciting way.

Then I buried back into her bowels. I fucked into her with such force. It was a fantastic feeling. I groaned, savoring being in her anal sheath. Her hot flesh clenched about me as I fucked away at her. I buried over and over into her bowels.

My pussy dripped juices. They spilled down my thighs as I fucked into her asshole over and over again. I plowed into her with such force. It was an awesome experience to bury into her bowels again and again. Just a wonderful delight.

I pumped away at her bowels as my hands slid up her thighs and found her big boobs. I had barely budding A-cups while she had big F-cups. I loved the feeling of hers in my hands as I fucked her bowels over and over again. 

I groped her big boobs.

I kneaded them as I sodomized her asshole.

They felt so wonderful in my hands. So soft and pliant. I squeezed them as I buried to the hilt in her bowels over and over again. It was incredible having a futa-dick. The tip was so sensitive as it slid into her bowels. She massaged me, sending heat rushing through me.

I loved that heat as it spilled through my cunt and swelled those points, my ovaries, with pressure. The need to cum grew with every thrust and every pull back. I groaned, reveling in how sensitive my clit-dick was.

And how amazing her bowels felt.

Jane! I groaned as I buried into her anal sheath. Oh, Jane, that's so good.

Is is! she gasped, her asshole clamping down on my futa-dick. Me love! So good! Keep ass-fuck! Chantelle girl-cock good! Love cock!

I grinned as I fucked into her hard and fast. I buried into her asshole over and over again. Jane moaned as I did that. I shuddered, swelling towards that wonderful orgasm. I couldn't wait to cum in her bowels. It would be a hot delight. Just a wonderful and amazing moment.

I plunged hard into her anal sheath. I fucked with such passion into her backdoor. She squeezed about me as I did that. She held me tight as I plowed to the hilt in her bowels. Her velvety flesh massaged me. It was quite the delight to enjoy.

Oh, god, that's it, I moaned. Cum on my dick, Jane!

Her asshole clamped down hard on my futa-dick. Me cum!

I gasped as the futa-savage's asshole convulsed around my girl-dick. It was an incredible delight to have her rippling and writhing around me. I savored that pleasure. It shot through me as I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath and reveled in it spasming about me.

Shit! I gasped and erupted.

My futa-cock spurted blast after blast of hot cum into her bowels. I groaned, my head swaying from this heady ecstasy firing out of my clit-dick. It pulsed out of me. It was just such an amazing experience to feel my girl-spunk flooding out of my new appendage.

My pussy convulsed, too. Juices spilled hot down my thighs as waves of delight rushed through me. That familiar passion swept through my body as this new and intense ecstasy fired from my clit-dick. I groaned, savoring being a futa.

Oh, fuck, this is awesome! I squealed.

Is is! Jane moaned. Me love! Futa-cum!

Her asshole rippled around my dick. She suckled all that wonderful futa-cum out of my ovaries. I shuddered there, savoring every moment of it. Every last second of that delight surging out of me. I swayed there, feeling so good after all that cum had fired out of me.

A big smile crossed my lips. A huge one. I felt so amazing. I soared on this wonderful ecstasy. Her anal sheath milked my futa-dick dry. I panted as the hot juices spilled down my thighs one last time. I swayed there, gripping her hips.

Fuck, Jane, that's amazing. I love this!

Me, too! Jane squealed, her asshole rippling around my dick. Me fuck?

We're going to enjoy so much fucking, I promised her, a big smile spreading across my lips. Just all the futa-fucking we can! Then she would teach me how to swing through the jungle.

Yay! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Agatha Hart

I stared down at Rosa's thick bush matted with my pearly spunk. My girl-cum had leaked out of her pussy and now coated her black curls. I licked my lips, so eager to eat this Hispanic futa-savage out. I had never thought I would ever eat pussy.

Could ever eat pussy.

And the idea of one full of cum was unthinkable. But here I was eager for it. 

I lowered my head to her bush, the salty aroma of my cum mixing with this tangy musk that must be her pussy. The mouthwatering scents had me salivating. I licked my lips and pushed into her curls. I licked up the cum clinging to her pubic hair.

I groaned at the salty flavor of my own futa-jizz. My girl-dick throbbed between my thighs, my pussy cream trickling down my shaft. That felt so naughty. I was such a naughty woman, my big boobs swaying beneath me as I suckled more globs of my girl-cum off her thick pubic hair.

She squirmed there, her equally large breasts quivering. They had settled into two mounds of golden-brown flesh topped by such dark-brown and suckable nipples. I was so thoroughly corrupted by this change to me. I had been tarnished into a wicked futa-wife.

I loved it.

Mrs. Hart, moaned Rosa as I licked up more of the cum on her bush. Pussy! Lick pussy!

Mmm, once I'm done cleaning your pubic hair, I purred. Patience. Glory comes to those who wait.

Me want now! she moaned, her futa-dick twitching as it thrust out over her belly. Pussy itchy! Need cum!

Mmm, you'll cum, I promised her and licked up the last large glob of my pearly spunk.

As that salty flavor melted through my mouth, I leaned in and nuzzled at her pussy. Her curls spilled over my mouth and lips. It was such a wild thing to feel. I loved this so much. I savored it as I reached her pussy.

I kissed at her thick pussy lips. That tangy musk soaked my taste buds along with some of my salty cum. She tasted so good. My futa-dick throbbed. She whimpered as I licked at her cunt. My tongue slid up her folds, gathering up her cream and my futa-jizz.

Yes, breathed Rosa. Mrs. Hart good! Me like! Eat pussy!

I will, I moaned, my pussy getting so hot, my futa-cock aching at the tip.

I lapped at her pussy with hunger. This was a new experience. A wonderful one. I grabbed her golden-brown cock twitching before me with my pale hand. I worked my grip up and down her, loving the feeling of her pulsing in my hand with her excited heartbeat. 

I licked at her again, stroking from her taint to the base of her clit-dick. I shuddered at the mix of my salty cum and her tangy cunt. The two flavors went so well together. They were perfect compliments. It was a true delight to eat this.

I licked at her again and again. I fluttered my tongue up and down her cunt. She groaned as I did that. Her legs squeezed around my head, holding me to her pussy. That made my futa-dick throb and ache with delight. 

Good! Good! Rosa moaned. Her hands grabbed her big boobs. She squeezed them. Me like!

I know, I groaned and thrust my tongue into her pussy now.

She gasped as I swirled around in her. It was so much fun to scoop out the cum from her depths. I licked and lapped at her, savoring the flavor of her twat. She had such a yummy one. I swirled around in her, finding my cum.

I pulled out my jizz from her pussy, letting the flavors melt across my taste buds. Then I thrust my tongue into her pussy again and again. I quested around for more of that wonderful jizz. I loved how great she tasted as I fisted her futa-dick.

Mrs. Hart! gasped Rosa. Cock good! Pussy good! You good!

Mmm, and you're yummy, I moaned and thrust my tongue back into her pussy.

I found more of my cum and licked it out of her. I savored the treat then plunged back into her pussy. Every time I buried into her cunt, I found less and less jizz. I reached deeper into her silky sheath, wiggling about in her tangy depths.

The flavor of my futa-cum dwindled until there wasn't any left. I shuddered, my hand fisting her futa-dick while I just savored the taste of her tangy cunt. That wonderful flavor of her pussy suffused my mouth. I loved that so much. I savored every moment of this. 

I licked and lapped at her cunt, stroking up and down her pussy folds. My hand flew up and down her thick shaft. She groaned and humped against me, rubbing her silky bush against my lips. That felt so wonderful.

Mrs. Hart! moaned Rosa. Me cum! Me cum! Mrs. Hart!

I loved the feeling of her pussy and bush on my face as she squirmed. I fisted her futa-dick faster and faster. I tongued at her cunt. She groaned and tossed her head. Then she bucked. Her futa-dick pulsed in my hand. A flood of tangy pussy cream gushed out of her twat.

She climaxed.

Yes! she squealed.

Her futa-jizz splashed down on her golden-brown boobs. She coated them in her pearly spunk. I groaned as I licked up her flood of tangy pussy cream. I gripped her cock, feeling it pulse with each of her eruptions of girl-seed.

Her pearly cum arched into the air and landed on her tits. I groaned, drinking her tangy pussy cream as I watched the hot sight. It was such a beautiful thing to witness. I groaned, my cunt burning with my heat. My cunt clenched.

Good! Good! she gasped as more and more of her futa-spunk rained down on her tits.

My futa-dick throbbed as I licked up her pussy juices. I groaned, my lust swelling. My cunt craved her big dick while I watched her white seed running over her golden-brown tits. I wanted to lick Rosa clean.

I hungered for her futa-cum.

I rose, my face dripping with pussy, and leaned over her. My heavy breasts swayed over her as I ducked my head down and lapped at her. I licked with such hunger at her boobs, gathering up her pearly spunk.

Mrs. Hart nice! groaned Rosa. Love cum!

I do, I groaned. I'm a naughty preacher's wife who loves futa-cum.

Wife? Rosa's face contorted. Pita... wife. Have... husband. Man. Man bad. Men bad. Futas good. Women good.

My husband never made me cum like you, I groaned and licked up more of her salty cum off her big tits.

Good! she squealed. Husband bad. Futa good!

Mmm, husband bad, futa good, I purred and dragged my tongue up her breast. I slid up that wonderful tit, loving the flavor of that salty cum. I reached her nipple coated in jizz and suckled on it. She gasped as I did that.

The tip of my futa-dick rubbed into her girl-cock as I suckled on her nipple. I nursed on her bud, loving the taste of all that salty cum that lingered in my mouth. She moaned, her shaft twitching and rubbing against the crown of my rod.

Pleasure shot up my shaft to my pussy. I moaned as that itch in my snatch increased. That need to be filled with her big girl-dick swelled in me. It was an amazing one. I wanted to just enjoy every inch of that large futa-dick being in me. 

Good, purred Rosa, her head tossing. 

I popped my mouth off her nipple and purred, Mmm, it is and... I smiled. You got cum on your other nipple. Should I suck it clean?

She nodded with such vigor.

I darted my head over to her nipple. The pearly glob of futa-cum had coated most of her dark-brown areola, too. I swirled my tongue around her nub, cleaning up the salty jizz. I shuddered, my futa-dick twitching as I shivered in delight. That was such a wonderful treat to enjoy. 

The flavor of that salty cum soaked my taste buds. It was a wonderful delight as I engulfed her nipple and suckled the rest of her futa-spunk off her hard nub. She moaned as I loved the feeling of that wonderful nipple in my mouth.

It was so wonderful to suckle on a woman's teat.

Just having her nipple in my mouth felt relaxing. Nursing on it was so calming.

And so arousing.

Pussy cream ran hot down my futa-dick swaying between my thighs. My tip brushed into hers again and again. The contact sent such naughty delight rippling through me. I loved that sensation. It was a perfect passion. Just such a wondrous delight to experience. I was more than happy to enjoy a delight like this.

More than thrilled to have such a passion as this. I shuddered as I nibbled on her nipple, my pussy getting hotter and hotter. I had to ride her girl-cock. I had to work my cunt up and down that amazing shaft. My pussy ached for it.

Burned for it.

I popped my mouth off and rose. I grabbed that big dick and pressed it up into my blonde bush. Rosa grinned at me, her boobs quivering. She nodded, so eager to feel my pussy around her girl-dick. I brought that Latina shaft to my cuntlips.

I rubbed her up and down my slit, my futa-dick throbbing before me. This heat swept through me. I was so ready to enjoy this big dick. Just so eager to ride her. To work my cunt up and down this huge cock and have a mighty orgasm.
9
I pressed my pussy lips down that shaft and impaled myself.

I gasped in delight as I sank my cunt down her big dick. It was an incredible rush to feel that huge dick stretching out my cunt. I groaned, sinking farther and farther down her girl-cock. I swallowed her big shaft and came to a rest on her, my shaft draped over her belly.

Good, she purred. So good.

Mmm, it is, Rosa, I groaned, my big tits jiggling. We're two busty MILFs just having an amazing time on Futa Island.

Futa Island? Rosa smiled. Yes, yes! Me like! Futa Island!

I winked at her and slid my pussy up her girl-cock. I squeezed about her, loving the way she moaned as I did that. She had such a wonderful shaft. She massaged me with it. I reached the pinnacle of her dick and impaled my cunt back down her.

She groaned as I did that. My face contorted with delight at the feeling of my juicy cunt swallowing her dick. I shuddered on her, a wave of dizzying heat rushing through me. I wiggled my hips back and forth then slid back up her again.

She groaned as I did that. I massaged her with my hot cunt. My pussy gripped her, massaged her. She whimpered as I slammed back down her. My futa-dick slapped into her belly. Pleasure rushed up my shaft and washed through my pussy.

Yes! I moaned, feeling the pressure growing in my ovaries again.

Mmm, good! Rosa purred. Tits bounce!

I grinned at her as I rose up her, my boobs bouncing. I plunged back and down her big shaft. She stretched me out, making me shudder in delight. My girl-dick slapped into her stomach again. And again. It was such a rush to have that happen. I loved it. I loved the pleasure of this. It was a fantastic rush to have all this delight surging through me.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Ooh, that's good. That's really good. Mmm, just enjoy that hot pussy, Rosa!

Me enjoy! She groaned. Me cum!

Yes!

I was so close to cumming. So close to erupting. Her thick shaft massaged my pussy, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to bursting on her big dick. I shuddered, loving every second of this. It was fantastic to have this rapture swelling in me. I would just burst from the ecstasy of this. 

Just explode from the rapture as I plunged down her futa-dick again and again.

I slammed down her girl-dick, my boobs smacking together, and gasped.

I exploded.

Oh, Rosa, yes! I moaned as my futa-dick erupted and sprayed more cum onto those big, beautiful tits of hers. 

Mrs. Hart! the futa-savage moaned as my pussy writhed around her girl-cock, suckling at her thick shaft. Yes! Good! Good!

She exploded in my spasming cunt.

As I sprayed her tits with my futa-cum, her girl-jizz flooded my married pussy. I groaned, my cunt writhing and convulsing. The heat swept through me. I groaned as waves of delight washed out of my snatch and jolts of ecstasy fired from my dick. 

It was an incredible rush to feel all that spunk gushing out of my futa-cock. The girl-cum splashed over her boobs and even struck her in the face. I loved it as her futa-seed flooded my pussy. She pumped me full of cum.

Oh, yes, yes, futas are good! I moaned. Husbands bad! 

I bucked on her, the ecstasy sweeping through my body so intense. My boobs bounced and jiggled, smacking together and rippling from the impact. I loved it as my pussy milked her girl-dick. I kept spurting cum. I coated her tits.

And she soaked my womb in her seed. I loved that delight splashing against my cervix. Rosa groaned as she pumped the last of her cum into my pussy. It was a treat to hear her cum pump into my snatch. Just such a rush.

Futas are so good! I moaned.

Yes, Rosa moaned as I fired the last blast of cum.

I leaned over her, pressing my boobs into hers. I loved the feeling of my hot cum on them. I kissed her, my tongue thrusting into her mouth. I didn't want this vacation on Futa Island to ever end. I could just be lost at sea. Vanished. I could stay here forever enjoying all these sinful delights in paradise.

Futas were so good. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Chantelle Hart

Holy fuck, I whispered in awe as I crouched on the branch up in the tree. It was day three of being shipwrecked on Futa Island, as I liked to think of the place, and I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

I had been practicing my vine swinging. I was surprised by how easy it was. It felt so natural. I had gone looking for others from the boat, a little worried about my mom and my sister. Plus the others. I didn't expect to find this.

Mrs. Hart good! a Latina futa moaned as she took a fucking from behind from my mother. My jaw dropped. Fuck good! Me love! Me cum!

Yes, yes, yes, cum on my futa-dick, Rosa! my mother howled.

What the fuck? I gasped in pure shock as Jane landed on the branch beside me. What the fucking fuck is fucking that! 

To be continued...

