My CoWorkers Steal My Clothes
by Officelady1

MY COWORKERS STEAL MY CLOTHES CH. 04

I hurt my husband and make a new friend at the gym.

It's been a weird few weeks physically and mentally. I feel like I've constantly been aroused and have been edging myself anywhere I can. With my coworker Brad guiding me down this road, I wasn't sure what to ever expect. Because of him one of the accountants at my company had now fucked me...

Or I guess because of me, because I let it happen.

I was trying to process all of the guilt and not having the best time of doing it. I had been married for a month and I had already cheated on my husband. I don't know why getting married suddenly opened up a whole new world for me sexually, but here we are.

My husband and I went out last night and got drunk, came back to have our usual sex and as he was nearing the climax (he was at the point where he announced he was cumming) I said out loud: "Give me that small, little dick babe. Come on, I can barely feel you."

And then he finished.

I unfortunately did not.

Afterwards he asked me why I said that. He was upset, angry and embarrassed. The conversation ended in full on tears and he ended up sleeping on the couch.

I apologized over and over again and told him I was trying something out since we liked humiliation play (this usually consisted of him calling me PG-13 names and spanking). Regardless, I slept in the bed alone.

The next morning at work Brad stopped by my desk with a bag.

"You're going to wear these today. And nothing under them." He said. "After work today, go to your gym and ask a random guy to help you stretch. Find somewhere...quiet."

I pulled out regular work out leggings. I went to the bathroom and put them on, realizing immediately they were too small for me. I looked in the mirror - sure enough if I bent even slightly they were completely sheer.

Fortunately, I had a long shirt on which covered most of my ass. I breathed a sigh of relief for that wardrobe choice.

I went about my work day without issue until Brad stopped by at the end of the day.

"Like your new leggings?" He asked.

"Yes, sir." I responded.

"Good. When you go to the gym you have a sports bra in your bag, yes?" He asked.

I nodded.

"Wear that, the leggings and nothing else. Lose the long shirt. Oh, and don't find an attractive guy at the gym to help you stretch. Find someone new...if you know what I mean. Trust me, I'll know if you do." He rapped his knuckles on my desk twice and left.

Well, there goes the shirt coverage.

An hour later I was parked in front of my gym, considering not doing this. But I had accepted this order and was going through with it. Momma didn't raise a wimp.

My sports bra fit comfortably enough, but the leggings somehow felt even tighter now. I took a deep breath and got out of my car.

I walked into the gym and I felt like there was a hundred men (there was really like...8). I got on the elliptical and started to work out. Nothing happened for awhile and I was ignored. So I started to focus on exercising.

Ten minutes in I noticed a white guy standing at the cubbies. He was staring in the mirror that reflected back at me.

Without thinking I bent forward, fully stretching my leggings and powered my legs faster on the machine. He was getting a great view.

The new feeling of excitement gripped my chest, along with the desire of touching myself. A complete stranger was getting a full view of me ass. And I was letting him.

He wiped his brow. I think he was my target.

I hopped off the machine and walked up to him. He froze, probably thinking I caught him.

"Excuse me, could you help me stretch?" I asked.

"Im. Uh. Yes. Sure. Of course. Let's uh. Do it. Yeah" - is similar to what he stammered.

I led the way, walking to the back corner mats, out of sight from the rest of the gym. I could feel his eyes glued to my ass as I walked.

I introduced myself and he told me his name was Greg (fake name for his privacy).

He was a slightly chubby guy, with a bald head and a beard. His glasses were a little thick and he was drenched in sweat from working out. He also smelled pretty bad.

I stood facing him.

I asked him to take my leg, lifting it up. I'm pretty flexible and my foot went up to his shoulder. I felt the material stretch in my crotch and knew without looking everything down there was visible. Greg, to his credit, kept his eyes locked on the wall behind me. I looked away to give him a chance to sneak a peek.

We did the other leg. I didn't look at all, giving him more opportunity to look down.

I stood with my back to him and asked him to grab my arms and pull them behind me. Then I bent at my waist, my ass grazing into his thigh. That was 100% an accident and he actually jumped a little bit.

I stepped forward, bending over in half. I couldn't see him but there was no way for him to miss my completely sheer ass now.

I stayed there for a long time. Finally I came up again.

"Would you help me with a few more?" I asked. He nodded quickly.

I could see a tent starting to rise in his work out shorts. I almost froze up. Taking a deep breath, I smiled.

I laid down on the ground on my back and asked him to push one leg up towards my chest. His weight settled in front of me as he leaning into my leg. The stretch actually felt great and I just enjoyed it. I opened my eyes a crack and saw him staring at my crotch.

I felt the dampness between my legs and I was hoping it wasn't as wet as I felt.

We switched legs.

This time he straddled my thigh as he pushed my leg up. I asked him to bring his body towards me. He happily obliged. His crotch was now inches from mine as he pushed into me.

His smell was, thick and intoxicating. The humiliation was relentless. This guy never would have stood a chance getting me, and now he was almost thrusting into me.

Finally I flipped onto my stomach, got on my knees and asked him to grab my arms again, pulling me up into essentially what looked like doggy style. In the mirror I saw three guys watching from the weights, quietly laughing to each other.

I felt stretched. I also desperately needed to cum. I didn't even realize I had wiggled backwards into his crotch until my ass was fully in his pelvis.

Through his shorts I could feel his hard cock contained inside between my ass cheeks. He pulled tighter on my arms pulling me more into his crotch. I started bouncing into him like we were fucking.

My brain was dazed as I stopped him, turned us around so his back was to the rest of the room and I faced the wall. I grabbed his hand and guided it between my legs.

Just then two women came around the corner to use the machine behind us, laughing loudly. He stopped and I quickly sat up. I didn't realize it but I was breathing heavily.

I thanked him and he stood up like a dazed soldier, heading towards the entrance.

I meanwhile I excused myself to the restroom to catch my breath.

"Good job." Was the text message I received from Brad. "Wait until you see what I have planned next."

How did he know what I just did?



