A sudden realization...

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 4 (mff, bi, blackmail, inc, mc, impreg?, reluc, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"You look like shit," Lily commented as we walked to school.

"Didn't sleep well."

She waited, keeping pace with my dejected walk. "So? Did it work last night? That was try number 12, right?"

"Yeah, we're 7 for 12 now."

She punched me in the arm.

I stopped and rubbed at it. "Hey!"

She squinted at me. "You got laid last night and you're looking like someone shot your dog. Spill."

I started walking again. "The husband came home partway through." I wasn't going to mention my family.

She stopped. "Oh shit! Did you get caught?"

I kept walking, so she had to stride to catch up again. "No, I tore out the back door."

She nodded. "Oh, you got blue balls then? Why didn't ya whack off when you got home?" Then she looked thoughtful for a moment. "Did you ever use the Master Console at home?"

This conversation was moving into dangerous territory! "Enough about the game, okay?" I ran hard, leaving her behind.

---

*U wanna try unlucky #13 at lunch?* Lily texted me between classes.

*No*, I sent back.

---

After school, I walked home by myself. I didn't wait around for Lily, and I certainly didn't want to talk to her about my situation. When I got home, I closed my bedroom door and lay down on my bed.

Tap! Tap!

That came from the window. I looked; nothing. Then I saw the top of a blonde head for a moment, and then a second later it appeared again. As I got to the window, I saw Lily jump to look into my raised 1st floor bedroom again.

I opened my window. "What are you doing?!"

She jumped and caught the sill. I stepped back as the athletic girl hoisted herself up and through the open window. "Lily!" I hissed.

She looked around my room, at my Battlestar Galactica, Transformers, and Hackers posters on the wall, and the awful state of my floor, Doritos bags and Coke cans aplenty. "Pretty much what I thought," she commented before sitting on my bed.

"What are you doing?" I repeated.

She patted the bed next to her. As I sat, I could smell her perfume and a little perspiration, and was suddenly aware that the hottest girl in school was secretly in my room, on my bed with me. I wished that I was using the app, and then at that thought, my cock started to get hard.

As I adjusted myself, she noticed. "Well," she said, adopting a southern drawl, "is that because of li'l old me?" Then she got serious. "Calm yourself, Victor; you're not my type."

I had the sudden thought that maybe she meant men instead of geeks, and I was going to ask for clarification when the door opened. Gina walked in and took her shirt off, once again flopping her braless B-cups out, before closing the door behind her.

"Shit!" I quickly stood up to block the sight of Lily, but there was no way that Gina hadn't seen her...except my sister was acting like she hadn't. She pulled down her shorts and panties and looked at me.

"On the bed, brother!" Gina commanded me.

I looked to Lily, who was just staring at Gina. Lily hadn't moved, perhaps afraid that she'd break the spell if she did. Then I pulled my pants off and lay back on the bed, defeated. Despite my naked sister, my cock was hard.

Gina climbed astride me, almost kicking Lily as she did. It was as if the blonde cheerleader didn't exist for her, just like Tabby had acted in the equipment room. Did that mean...?

Then Gina grabbed my cock and sank herself halfway down on it in one go. We both moaned and Lily stood up.

"Holy shit," Lily whispered as she went to my computer chair and rolled it around so that she had a good side view of my sister and I committing incest.

I didn't want to look at my sister, so I turned toward Lily. She had one hand down her shorts as she watched my cock repeatedly penetrating my sister's pussy.

She caught me looking, blushed, and took her hand out. "This is so fucking hot," she said before licking her fingers. My cock gave a little twitch at that.

After a moment, Lily leaned forward. "Hi, I'm Lily," she said to Gina.

Gina didn't respond, and continued to bounce on my cock, moaning in pleasure.

Lily crept up beside her, and waved her hand in front of Gina's eyes. No response. "I wonder..." Then she angled her head between us and fastened her lips to one of Gina's eraser-top nipples.

Gina gasped but didn't acknowledge Lily's presence otherwise, and then Lily's sideboob was pressing against my chest as she angled to suck on Gina's other breast.

That was it for me. "Oh fuckkk..." I moaned as I lay back and shot spurt after spurt of incestuous cum deep inside my sister.

"Haaaa..." Gina gasped as she shook in orgasm, squeezing my cock for all it was worth.

Lily pulled back to watch Gina's face. "So beautiful..." she said, and she took my sister's face in her hands and kissed her. Then she quickly pulled back. "She isn't kissing me back...that's...just wrong...like kissing a mannequin."

Then Lily sat back down on the chair, pushed her hand down her shorts again, and quickly brought herself to her own orgasm. Despite just cumming, I could feel my cock starting to revive.

Gina pulled off of me. "Thanks, little bro," she said as she grabbed her clothes and left.

Naked, with my cock up in the air, I looked over at Lily.

"Well, now I know why you didn't want to talk about your home life," she commented. Then she looked at my cum-covered cock. "Um, is she on birth control?"

I shrugged.

"Shit! Don't you think you should find out?"

I grabbed some tissues to clean my cock off. "Since she seems to be affected by the game too, she won't even remember what she just did. It's not like I can just ask her, and she'd kill me if I searched her room."

Lily sat and thought. She had no good suggestions. She told me that, other than the pill, my sister could be on the depo shot, or the patch, or have an IUD, and there would be no way to tell about those without asking, and Lily couldn't ask Gina such a personal question herself because she didn't know her.

After putting my clothes back on, I explained the rest of it to Lily: my sister, my mother, and the damning video. It seemed that my sister wasn't in charge of this after all, but then who?

And then it was obvious. I quickly took out my phone and went to the Players list on the Master Console, looking for Trenton de Ruyter's account. It should have shown 2 pushpins, but it only showed one, right where I was. There was a "History" option, but other than a few minutes after I had originally hacked de Ruyter's account, the only one to use that account was me.

That fucker was playing with *me*!

---

Trenton de Ruyter read the latest account from Gina. He didn't know that her mind had been actively fighting his commands, and with the bug in the control program, the hypnotized sister, focusing entirely on her brother, didn't notice Lily in the room, and therefore didn't include the cheerleader in her report.

"Another sister insemination," he commented. He almost asked her if she was on birth control, but changed his mind. It was hotter not knowing.

There was a knock at his office door. His secretary was here at his hypnotic command to drain his balls. They were very full after reading Gina's report.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)