Ashley's predicament
by Gmoney5000

Ashley's predicament Part 1

It was a hot summer day, and Ashley was feeling fantastic. She could finally have some time off from school (she was a junior in college) and rest! Ashley was a natural blonde with smooth white skin, bright blue eyes, and two patches of cute freckles on her gorgeous face. She had a very pretty body, not too big, not too small. She had wonderful c-cups and a sweet bum. She was not completely an introvert, but she did enjoy her "me time" every now and then.

But anyway, back to the story. Ashley could be very picky about things. She lived in Miami, Florida, so she could often be found roaming down the beach looking for the perfect spot to set up camp. She had a wide selection of bikinis. Today, she picked out a bright red one she had found at her local fashion store. Today, she found a relatively-quiet place on by the seashore (by Miami standards). If you've ever been to Florida, you know they have wonderful white sand by the ocean! She placed down her umbrella, and sat down in her fold-up chair.

Suddenly, when she thought that she could finally rest and read her book in peace, she heard some of the boys from her college jogging along the tide, slapping each other on the back and yelling to each other! Oh gosh! She had to stay under their radar, for she was a shy person when it came to boys. Especially when it came to--RICK. Was he staring at her? Oh heavens! He's walking over to me! What can I do! Just play it cool Ashley! Play it cool!

"Ashley? I that you?" Rick asked while strolling over to the scared bikini clad chic. "He--hey R-Rick." Ashley mumbled nervously.


Ashley's predicament Part 2

Rick smiled at her. Rick had the most charming grin in the world. He had a handsome half-beard and tremendous muscles. He was only half a year older than Ashley, still in the same grade. Ashley thought her face looked like it was turning severely sunburned. And then he said the words that almost made her heart explode out of her chest: "Me, Jake and Murphy are going to cool off and hang out in the ocean, do you want to join us?" Ashley stammered what she thought was a 'ye-yes'.

"Fantastic! Hey Jake, hey Murphy! Ashley wants to join us!" Rick yelled over to the college students. "Right on!" said Jake enthusiastically. So Ashley waded over through the shallow water to the meet up with the other boys with Rick. They played some catch and had playful "chicken fights" with one another. Ashley loved every minute of it! Then finally she knew she needed a break. It was three-thirty in the afternoon. She told the guys she needed to take a little nap, and they replied 'ok' with some sighs.

Just as she was heading back, there was a huge wave! The junior was pushed around for a few seconds, but than got to her feet and out of the shore. She was surprised, but otherwise fine. As Ashley then made her way on the sand, she thought she heard some screams and hollers, but her ears were too clogged up with water, so she assumed it was nothing. Then, she looked around to find a group of men looking at her with huge grins across their faces, and some very surprised women! She was wondering what was wrong, when suddenly a gust of wind came over her, and she felt a cold chill across her torso. Then she looked down, and let out a scream. SHE WAS TOPLESS!


Ashley's predicament Part 3

Ashley reflexively put her hands over her breasts and tried to run toward the nearest covering! The problem was the dunes were protected by the law, and there weren't any bushes or even palm trees for her to protect her modesty! She tried to make a run for it, but tripped on some driftwood laying in the soft sand! She gasped as Rick, Jake, and Murphy were looking down on her with utter shock and excitement at the same time! "Can you please let me cover myself in peace!" Ashley cried. "That depends..." Murphy replied with a smirk on his semi-sunburned face.

Ashley couldn't believe it. Her own friends, who she thought would always be on her side, were looking at her with sexual desires! "Depends on what, you pervert?!" Ashley lectured with tears on her face. "Well, we will get you into our car and away from the public, if..." Jake answered. "If what?!" Ashley wined nervously. "If you come over to our dorm and...play with us." Jake finished. 'OH GAWD!" Ashley thought. "WHAT ARE THEY TALKING ABOUT?!" She looked over at Rick, who was blushing but still was looking at her funny. He didn't look at her eyes, but didn't speak to up and defend her either. Ashley was mortified. She didn't know what to do. Finally, she decided three guys seeing her half-naked was better than a public beach's inhabitants. "Oh-ok." Ashley stammered reluctantly. "Fantastic." Replied the two eager boys.

So, while Ashley covered her quite well-sized nude boobs, the boys fought over who could sit in the back with her. Finally, they drove up to the dorm building, and snuck Ashley inside. Then, while looking straight at her body, Murphy smiled mischievously. "Its time to play some games."


Ashley's predicament Part 4

"Oh dear. What are they going to do to me?!" Ashley wined in her head. Jake spoke up, "Ok, first game we are going to play is Marvel trivia, strip edition! And here's how it goes: I am going to ask a Marvel movie question, and whoever gets it wrong/guesses last loses and has to strip one piece of clothing! Everyone understand?" "OH GAWD! I DON'T KNOW A SINGLE THING ABOUT MARVEL! AND, I'M ALREADY BARELY WEARING ANYTHING, SO I WON'T LAST LONG! I JUST WANNA GET OUT OF HERE!" Ashley pondered nervously.

"Ok, first question!" Jake announced. "Who sacrifices himself while using the infinity gauntlet in 2019's Endgame?" "Uh...Batman!" Ashley blurted out. "INCORRECT! Now strip for us!" Smiled Murphy. Ashley chose to take off one of her flip flops. "Awwww." Sighed the boys disappointedly. "Remember, winner gets a special prize!" Jake hollered. "What kind of prize?" Rick asked curiously. "Let's just say...it's an experience." Jake cackled. Rick replied, "Ok fine. What's the next question?" "Glad you asked, R-dawg.The next question is, who is the best superhero?" "You can't ask that! That's an opinion!" Ashley madly lectured. "INCORRECT!" Jake laughed. "Why you little...you know what? Fine. I'll win anyway, and then we shall see who wins then!"

Well, let's just say things didn't turn out that way...Ashley lost two more rounds. She decided to remove her other flip flop after the second question, and then her waterproof necklace and watch. She was just down to her bikini bottoms now! She had to get this one right! "Ok. possibly the final question..." Jake reported while looking at Ashley's breast crack which she was still trying to cover with one arm still. "What was the first Marvel movie?" Ashley tried to think fast. She had to blurt this out before a boy got it first. "Ummmm, Captain America???" Ashley took a deep breath. "Wow, that is...INCORRECT! STRIP!" "Ashley was mortified! She looked down at her tiny thong that was all that was left in between her remaining dignity and three attractive boys seeing far more than she intended to see today. "Please. Don't make me do this!" "Hey, rules are rules, Ash. Would you rather be in the middle of that public beach again? In front of possibly a hundred people?" "No! No that won't be necessary!" And with that, Ashley pulled down her bottoms and suddenly became completely nude.


Ashley's predicament Part 5

The boys just stared at her in shock. They finally had a girl naked in their dorm! Ashley quickly covered her breasts with one hand and her vagina with the other. "Oh, forgive me, I forgot something very important." Jake said ominously. "What?! What could possibly make this worse?!" Ashley thought. Unfortunately for her, her question was answered. "We completely forgot about the handcuffs!" The boys hollered. They forcefully tied handcuffs on Ashley's wrists, and put them behind her back. Now she had nothing to cover up! Her private parts were on full display to the late adolescents.

"What should we do first with her?" Murphy asked eagerly. "Let's touch her boobs!" Jake excitedly replied. Ashley looked in shear horror as Jake's hands grabbed around her beautiful c-cups. "They are so smooth and...squishy." He said as he felt them all over. Ashley felt the weird sensation of her breasts getting handled. She was so embarrassed! Then, something that absolutely horrified her happened. Jake nestled his face into her cleavage!

"Mmmmmm." Jake moaned. You could tell he was getting harder from the outline of his swim trunks. Then, Murphy wanted to get in on the action! He started rubbing his bulge from his trunks on her back! 

"THIS HAS GONE TOO FAR!" Ashley screamed. 

Then, she unexpectedly pushed the students out of the way and stormed out the door in tears! She furiously walked outside and down the street towards her dorm, which was on the other side of the medium-sized suburbs of Miami. Suddenly, people dropped what they were carrying and just gazed on her! She forgot her anger for the boys and remembered that she was in the nude! She tried to cover up, but it was too late. Everyone was taking pictures, and she ran back home to her dorm. And for the rest of college, she was know as "The Rude Nude". 

The end.