The Cunning Stunt Award
by MFFM

Her second coming.

In less than an hour she'll be making love to herself. In front of strangers and certain people she knows, some intimately. She will masturbate in public. She's thrilled. She's scared. Humiliation competes with the erotic excitement. The warm wet slickness already trickling down between her legs as she walks from the parking lot. Arousal is overcoming the fear. Her breath comes faster and she can sense her heart rate increasing as she realises how vulnerable she'll be, with the eroticism of what she'll be doing very soon. She needs to cum immediately but must hold off until they're ready for her. She's excited. Soon she will be naked. She's happy with how her cunt looks, and is even happier to be allowed to show it today. Afraid she'll lose control and cum right now, she tries taking shorter steps to keep her lips from sliding against each other so deliciously.

She's nervous and on the verge of an orgasm. She has to pee. She feels great. Her stomach is doing flips. She looks like an ordinary professional woman, blouse, business-length skirt, hair neatly up, limited but tasteful makeup. She's afraid the people around her sense her state of arousal, that she's right on the delicious edge. She's shaking. She's calm. She's confused. She feels the juices running down between her legs and wonders if they can see it. Or smell it. She's trembling with arousal, just thinking of what's ahead. Her legs are tingling. She knows her conservative attire is a big lie; a short skirt without underwear would be more honest; that way they'd know how she feels inside and what she's about to do. If they only knew! Maybe they do know.

As she reaches the Physiology and Human Factors building, fear takes over. The sight of the familiar building takes her thoughts back twenty years to when she'd been a graduate student here, to that day when she volunteered to allow her professors and fellow students to observe and record her orgasm for the pioneering research the department was doing. She replays in her head her feelings of that day: the the cool thin sheet hiding her nakedness as they looked down from the desks around her. How she nearly orgasmed early as the probes were inserted: vaginal to monitor her wetness, anal for body temperature. Other sensors taped to her skin and cameras focused on her face and shoulders. Another under the sheet, aimed up between her legs, to film how she manipulated herself. She'd held her breath the whole time the technicians were prepping her, holding off the relief she was so desperate for. That was then.

Suddenly, as she sees the professor sent to meet her, her mind snaps forward to the reality of the present day. This is now. Within a few minutes she'll be humiliating herself again, under the eyes of this man. He was here back then, and he's still on the faculty now after twenty years. He was the one who directed that masturbation, is the university official who now invited her back, and today he would be observing her again. Did he tried to imagine what her cunt looked like under that sheet? Today he'll be seeing it without the sheet. That's right, she actually requested no sheet, but the university still insists on a "modesty panel" over her breasts. She wonders if her cunt looks the same, after two kids. The realization that this man watched her masturbate when she was young sends an erotic pulse through her body. Her mind floods with feelings of both humiliation and joy. She's ashamed of what she did back then; today she can't wait to do it again. Now she's a confident, liberated woman, with her own permission to do as she chooses. She can control her orgasms so much better now. The pleasure and the risk, the excitement and the danger. The humiliation in front of her colleagues. The promise of forbidden sexual pleasure. The thrill of exhibiting herself.

The occasion is a regional conference on human physiology. Her particular field of expertise is genital response to sexual stimulation, a niche field made up of close-knit scientists who share their research at conferences and special sessions like the one she will be the center of today. She attended graduate school with most of them, some right at this same university, the ones who observed her masturbate years ago as a grad student. Over the years their careers crisscrossed, and she's been romantically, or at least sexually, intimate with many of them. Some are here today. The others are strangers now, but she will be collaborating with all of them for the rest of her career, even the new ones she hasn't yet met. After today, they will always know her as the one who can openly fuck herself with her finger, right before their eyes.

Today she determines to give it her all. In spite of the vulnerability and shame, she'll give them a little more than she gave before. Today she'll show them what twenty years of experience has taught her about masturbating! Her 'performance', although she'd rather not call it that, will give the data she needs for a paper she's co-authoring, and also, in this risky setting, should give her a massive orgasm. Right in front of them.

Her old professor hands her a robe, and goes on ahead to arrange the classroom. She's left standing there holding the robe, and it must be obvious she's getting ready to go inside and take her clothes off. She's afraid and feels naked already. She wishes she were naked already. Again her mind drifts back to that earlier day. She's now practically in a dream world, barely conscious of the students milling around on the way to their next classes.

Inside the building she sees them up close and realizes many are the ages of her own son and daughter. She heads toward where she remembered the ladies' room to be, finds it and goes in to strip off. She stands naked in front of the mirror and likes what she sees. Nice figure, pretty face and hair, perky tits, full and firm and not yet yielded to gravity, attractive nipples, dark and eager to be fondled. Slight but cute middle-age tummy bulge, then the bit of pubic hair remaining after last night's shaving of everything around her cunt, all the way back to her ass hole. She turns around and looks over her shoulder, and is pleased with her round, firm butt. Long, lean, shapely legs. She likes the look of her cunt, with its well-defined outer folds just barely holding in the tender edges of her inner lips, and the look of her clit, barely peeking out near the top of her slit. The total package isn't too bad, she thinks, after all these years. In just a few minutes her nakedness will be on display.

She folds her clothes, slips on the robe and lets herself out into the hallway. Naked under the robe, she makes her way through the hall to find the amphitheater where she will masturbate again, this time the mature woman in the prime of a successful career in the very field her young observers are qualifying for. Now, without panties, she feels the lips of her cunt sliding past each other. It stimulates her arousal. She can feel the cool air under her bare bottom, a reminder of her vulnerability as she looks for the right room. With no underwear she's unprotected, and she loves it. She trembles with anticipation, as her legs become wobbly. She wonders if the students crowding the hallway can detect the sweet smell of her arousal as she tiptoes past them, since there's no barrier to keep the scent in. With every step, she's reminded that everyone knows she is naked under her robe. She's still trying to control the movement of her lips, because she's afraid to have an orgasm right here in the hallway. She'd love to have an orgasm right here in the hallway. She wishes the fabric was thicker, so her aroused nipples wouldn't be so obvious, or thinner to reveal them more. They're like two pointers showing her which direction to take, and she's just following them! But she loves the feeling of them rubbing against the inside of the cloth, and she likes that everyone around her seems to notice them. They are very pointy right now. And they're just aching to be touched. She's afraid that if the hem of her robe snags on something, her nakedness will show. In fact, she wishes that would happen. Her breathing is coming in irregular rushes. She feels her clit yearning for attention. She feels all the sensitive nerve endings of her clit and nipples sending signals nonstop to her brain.

She could easily be mistaken for an art class model, but she remembers that the art studios were in another building. As a penniless student she had modeled there, offering up her nakedness in return for money to meet her tuition debts. She had enjoyed modeling there, especially the poses when she was "accidentally" penetrated by the male models, and the memory sends pulses through her vagina. Over the years, she's kept her trim figure and continued modeling part time. Modeling lets her be the only one naked, much like she'll be doing today. But today is for science. And for herself. She imagines being naked right now, walking among all these fully clothed students. She knows they know that under the robe she's naked. The undergraduates don't know why, but the advanced grad students do, the ones who wink at her. She knows that they know what she'll be doing and what they'll be seeing in just a few minutes. Except they don't yet know that she'll be without the sheet! The secret excites her and she feels another rush of fluid escape to run down the insides of her legs. Almost there. Her well lubricated thighs slip easily past each other. She loves the feeling. She's very afraid. She returns the smiles of the knowing students, wondering if they're thinking what she's thinking. She wonders if they're imagining what it would be like to fuck her. She teases herself about wanting to show them.

As soon as she turns the last corner, her mind slides back again to that fateful day twenty years earlier. Back then, she was eager to masturbate just as the course syllabus called for: lie down, get wired up, make love to yourself, sit up and talk about it, done. Previous volunteers, male and female, had failed: premature ejaculations, no erection, dry or unresponsive vagina, but mostly they couldn't overcome their shame. Even under that sheet. But as a wild and carefree twenty-four year old still experimenting with sex, she wanted to make a bold and daring statement, and so planned to do everything called for, enjoy an earth-shattering orgasm for science, then maybe throw off the sheet, jump to her feet and take a bow! Or something like that.

These reminisces are interrupted when she reaches the entrance to the physiology theater and realizes what must come next. Her sense of shame is rising, but so is her arousal. A man, really a boy, holds the door open for her and glances down her leg and makes an exaggerated sniff, just as she feels the trickle running onto her foot. She is mortified. But just on a whim, she quickly lifts the the robe to her waist, flashing her cunt. He responds with another exaggerated inhalation through his nose, a broad smile, and a Thumbs Up, and they laugh together. But hers is a nervous laugh. She really doesn't know if she enjoyed the flash or not. She decides that she did. As a middle-aged woman exposing herself to a student half her age, she feels both desirable and humiliated, but mostly she feels sexy. She learns that this fellow will be among those who will take in her full 'performance'. The two of them joke that maybe she should stand out here in the hall and give previews of the show about to start. He could be her pimp. Anything to get her mind off of what she's about to do. Is she really as aroused as all her signs are indicating? Her tight nipples are straining against the robe, her breath is short and heavy, she can feel her clit sliding in and out under its hood, her labia are engorged, she is very aware of the scent from her vagina, and now everyone else is noticing. She's confused, trying to decide whether she's an honored goddess or a slut. Either way, she's here to publicly perform a private sex act. That is, if she doesn't die of embarrassment first.

Stepping into the room, the sight of the recliner where she masturbated twenty years ago takes her memory back again to that earlier day. She imagines herself lying on it, spread out, totally vulnerable under everyone's critical gaze. Shame and humiliation again rise as her mind relives that day. The sheet is folded and out of the way. In its place is the so-called modesty panel, a strip of thin cotton about the size of a scarf. She questions her own judgement.

As a young student she had masturbated on this very recliner. Her nakedness was hidden but her emotions were laid open for all to see. She felt sexy, she felt ashamed, she felt beautiful, she felt trashy, she imagined herself a heavenly angel wearing wings and a halo, she saw herself as a depraved whore. That first session of self-love began slowly as she fondled her aching nipples, then let the fingers of one hand explore the insides of her slick labia. As she brought some of the fluid to her mouth she could taste herself, and used the fingers and thumb of her other hand to nurture her clitoris. The twenty-four year old of so long ago divided her attention among her nipples, clit, and ass hole, fast then faster. She slowed down just to enjoy the pleasure of the moment, then picked up the pace again. Then paused to prolong the experience. Whenever she got to what seemed like the highest possible plateau, she leveled off to keep herself right at that point. Then, slipping down off that point of unstable equilibrium, she'd try climbing again, to regain that high point or maybe to try for even higher. One or the other bare leg kicked out from under the sheet. Her chest heaved and fell in concert with the rising and falling of the sheet lower down on her body. Her face grimaced with pain then smiled with pleasure. A breast and possibly a nipple came into view as she used her arms to stroke herself.

At last, long last but still way too soon, her climax exploded all around her, lifting her in a feeling of crushing weightlessness. All eyes were on her. She felt nothing except her sexually sated body and the sheet, now soaked with her warm fluids as well as her sweat.

Now, this was the moment when the young student wanted to throw off the sheet, reveal her nakedness, jump off the recliner, and take a triumphant bow. But, she couldn't move. Her brain, already short-circuited from the orgasm, was filling with disgust, guilt, self-loathing, and shame. Shame that so many people had witnessed her most intimate and private moment, making love to herself. The sense of victory over the failed volunteers didn't come, leaving her with a sense of emptiness. She then realised that she'd still be in class with these students and instructors for the rest of the semester, and then after graduation, perhaps going to work everyday with some of them. What had she done? They hadn't seen her naked, but she had exposed something of herself far more intimate. Humiliated, she pulled the top of the sheet over her face and stayed covered until she was sure everyone had left the room. Then she got up, pulled out the wires and probes, quietly dressed, and stayed away from class for a week. When she finally returned, she had to face the further embarrassment of discussing the data recorded from her orgasm, and had to endure the humility of giving a first hand account from her own point of view. She cried and sobbed through most of the analysis, especially when the class studied the photography of the changes in her genitals. She was asked to explain what she remembered from each phase of her orgasm. But what embarrassed her the most were the dozens of photos of her face as she climaxed. It was like they could read her soul.

It is these memories that now, years later, flood her mind with such a crescendo of mixed feelings. Seeing the low platform she will soon mount scares her. Again she sees how vulnerable she was and now will be again. Is this her guillotine, or is it her heavenly love-bed? She'd read somewhere that the French call the orgasm "The Little Death". She isn't bothered that they will view and study her cunt; that's what this conference is all about. But, more importantly, her face will be readable during her climax; that's what had bothered her the most, way back when. Maybe she should use that 'modesty panel' over her face! But mostly, she's afraid that once she achieves her orgasm, those dark feelings of shame will rise from the past and rob her once again of any sense of success. She wants to claim victory, even though it will have taken twenty years. During those years, she's built a successful career, becoming one of the pre-eminent researchers in the field of human sexual response. Her stature in the subject, as well as her alumnae status, were the main reasons the university invited her to organize this regional conference. She's also become more bold sexually, even though they don't know it. It frightens her that they'll know soon enough. She can't wait to show them.

Today she, not her former, immature self, will be the subject. There will be no sheet, only that modesty panel to be draped over her breasts. And the subject (she, of course) is to be available immediately afterward to discuss her orgasm, and to take questions. That is, if she survives the humiliation.

Today her fingernails and toenails are painted and polished, and her wedding rings and diamond are cleaned to a bright lustre. She has class, and wants to show it. Her hair is up in a neat twist, she's wearing tiny pearl earrings, and has just a touch of lipstick to match her nails. A thin gold necklace and a matching anklet complete her look.

As she approaches the recliner, all clinical and scientific thoughts are slipping away, replaced again by the dread of what she's about to do: she's about to finger-fuck herself! As a researcher she's highly respected, but in a few minutes she will again open her innermost self to colleagues from all over the world, giving them intimate views of her most private parts, and letting them see how she reacts when aroused. She relishes the thought of exposing herself, but she's scared, and can call it off right now, if she chooses. Keenly aware that she's naked under her robe, and knowing that they all know it, she chats with the men and women there. She secretly wishes she could be naked right now, and jokingly mentions that idea to a few of her closest friends. Even though she's afraid and vulnerable, she can't chicken out now! She needs the orgasm data as much as anyone else does, but it's the orgasm itself that she needs the most. She's right on the edge. She wonders if the young man who "sniffed her out" at the door is in the room yet, scans the faces, but isn't sure if she sees him.

Now the professor who gave her the robe steers her to the recliner. Just his touch on her elbow nearly sends her over the edge. She glances around to see the other researchers, as well as a few advanced students, including a young man and a young woman who have each volunteered as subjects for upcoming sessions, everyone taking their places at the desks arranged around her recliner. She recognises several men, and two women, that she's slept with between marriages, the memories pushing her even closer to the edge. Eyes peering down on her, lots of them. Lovers, acquaintances, strangers. She notices the linen panel for her tits. She wonders if volunteering for this was a good idea, but the tingling inside her tells her that it is. She wonders if she should have left that little tuft of hair above her cunt. She realises that the modesty panel will draw more attention to her nipples than if they were bare. She nearly orgasms at the thought.

She remembers her full bush of that other time, compared with how bare she is today. And thinks it should be the other way around. Nowadays younger women are smooth because of the tiny g-strings they use for swim suits, and older women mostly just let it grow. But she keeps hers somewhere in between: nice trimmed patch above her slit and bare below that. She keeps her lips hairless for a certain swimsuit, when she must wear one; it's so narrow in front that it nearly disappears into her slit and leaves her lips out. She has other reasons to keep her lips bare: to give the artists better views when she models, and to give her husband better access when he eats her out. She wishes his tongue were on her clit right now.

Even with this audience. Actually, with these thoughts she's just stalling because she's not sure what to do next.

Still standing next to the recliner, she doesn't know whether to lie down and then wiggle out of the robe, or just drop the robe and lie down. She keeps the robe on and sits down on the edge of the recliner until the others are ready for her. She nervously plays with the recliner's adjustments and sets the angle to slightly elevate her back to the angle she knows from experience is best for fingering herself.

She's still nervous about comes next, and of what her feelings and reactions will be once she starts what she's here to do. So far, putting off the inevitable act that she craves.

The others are taking their seats around her, some engaging her in small talk but she's too occupied to pay attention. She notices the modesty panel and realises it's really just an empty pillow case. She gets help rotating the recliner around so she'll be facing her observers, so they'll see her open cunt straight-on. That's the easy part; revealing her face and its emotions will be much more risky.

She stretches out on the recliner, then, as the room lights are dimmed she opens the robe and pulls it out from under her. Lying there, tilted up slightly, she takes a moment to enjoy the warmth of the flood lamps trained on her nude body, so far just like the art studio. But now the lab technicians appear, one to insert the internal sensors and the other to tape the heart rate and other wires to her chest. She reflexively clamps her legs closed. The tape tech finishes, then hands her the modesty panel for her breasts. She accepts it but arranges it around her shoulders like a shawl, leaving her tits bare. She notices that her nipples show that she needs to cum soon, and hopes nobody notices them. She arches her chest out a bit, to make them more prominent. She likes the appreciative smiles this brings, but keeps her legs together.

She spots one of her really close coworkers in the gathering group and, now feeling playful, stretches her legs wide, pulls her lips apart, and jokingly asks if he can make out her clit from that distance. He jokes that he can't make out her clit because his glasses are too steamed up. So she tries again, swinging her parted legs around toward a friend not wearing glasses. She needs the humour and the reassurance of her friends to diffuse the extreme tension hanging in the air. She's trying to shift the emphasis from sex to a clinical procedure that just happens to involve views of a cunt. Not just any cunt, but her cunt. This is sex no matter what, but she's hoping to get them to look upon her as a lab subject rather than a sex object. She knows that idea is futile, so continues playfully displaying her sex. The playful banter continues. They compliment her pubic hair style, and debate how her cunt would look bare. They're helping her kill time while the lab recorders are being set up. She tells them her clit is on fire and she's having a hard time resisting rubbing it. She points out her hard nipples and erect clit, and jokes to the techs to hurry up or one of them might have to fuck her.

Her heart is pounding nearly out of her chest, and her fluids are flowing, leaking onto the recliner. The area under her butt is wet so she lifts her butt and spreads the robe under her to absorb it. Her eyes scan the darkened room, meeting the eyes staring down on her, waiting. She catches sight of Sniff Boy, so he's here after all! He offers a teasing wink, she responds with a smile and a quick wiggle of her tits. She's still feeling playful. Then she remembers that, according to plan, she still has to be fitted with the internal sensors.

The tech comes around in front of her, lifts both legs, pushes them out and down, then brings the soles of her feet together so as to make a diamond shape of her legs. Can she be more vulnerable than this? She loves it. With her cunt now wide open, she feels its emptiness and the wanton desire for something long, thick, and alive to fill it. Instead, she feels the cool flow from the air handler wafting into her, making her shiver with excitement. The tech asks her to hold her inner lips further apart and inserts the vaginal wetness probe. She again asks her friend with glasses if he can see her clit well enough now. They laugh. Everything in and around her cunt feels wet and warm and sticky. She begins summoning the imagery she'll use for fingering herself. She savors the thought that she's so exposed and available, and, lying there, wonders what must be going through the minds of her former lovers, seven men and two women, here in this room right now. Would those men even want to fuck her again, now that she's older? Would they fuck her right here, with everyone else watching? Maybe all together, one after the other? She wonders if she'd be up for it, and imagines each man in turn leaving his seat to come and fuck her, and how juicy her cunt would be after the first few. And the new fellows would be fucking her for the first time. She also holds onto the image of each woman in turn coming to lick her, starting at the inside of one thigh and ending with the other, she's so ready, right now. The thought makes her even wetter, making the tech need more time to insert the probe, which keeps slipping out, partly because her lips are staying open. By closing her inner lips around the wire he finally gets the sensor to stay in. As embarrassed as she is, she wanted all participants to see how the recording devices are installed. Well, now they're seeing it, for sure!

Next he has her tip her pelvis up so he can insert the temperature probe. This is new to her; she's never before exposed her anus to anybody, not to her lovers, not even the art students, and now a whole classroom full of coworkers and strangers is watching this. She feels humiliated, but at the same time she enjoys a sexual rush that takes her breath away. She thought she'd be revealing only her cunt for this study. But now they're getting all of her, inside and out. By the nature of the study, her cunt is a freebie no matter what, but so far she's showing a lot more, and the masturbating hasn't even begun! She felt very vulnerable with her legs wide open and then when her ass hole was exposed. But she loved the thrill and excitement of it. She feels embarrassed that they saw this. She hopes the techs will open her holes up again when they have to remove the probes. She's glad she made herself smooth, especially around her ass hole.

Looking down to some mirrors placed around her cunt, she sees that her lips are engorged and open and that her clit is the most out she's ever seen it, and the cool air from the overhead vents wafting across it starts the first wave of an orgasm. The orgasm starts to grow and she can't hold it back. She tries to conceal it, and manages to fool the men, but not the women. They know, but say nothing. The men just think she's stretching.

The techs finish prepping her and now she waits for them to start the recorders and video cameras so she can do her part. But first one microphone is set near each set of lips: facial to record her moans and breathing, labial to record any sounds from there. The touch of the cool metal against her cunt sends her into a mild orgasm, one she barely manages to control. Again, she feels like she's losing control of the experiment. She wants so badly to have the Big One she's been holding back. The professor, this time perceptive enough to actually notice that she's having an orgasm, asks if she'll still be able to masturbate so soon after just having one. Not realising that her voice is being amplified and broadcast through the microphone, she whispers to him to first wait until she finishes this one, and yes it is possible for a woman to have a no-touch orgasm, like she's having right now. After she quietly rides it through, she tells him she is multi-orgasmic and can cum repeatedly, and that she really needs to cum again, but with her hands like the experiment plan calls for, and begs for permission to at least touch her clit, or else somebody is going to have to fuck her right here. This of course, is heard by all. She squirms in frustration as he checks that the cameras, mikes, and recorders are running, and asks if everyone in the room has a good view. With all systems go, he nods, and she begins, slowly at first, building up wave after wave of her delayed orgasm. Her legs feel numb, then tingly, then numb again. She fondles her nipples gently, then starts pulling on them, then moves her hands down to work her cunt. The overhead screen shows a magnified view of her fingers as one hand spreads her lips while with her other hand she squeezes then circles her clit. The microphone placed at her cunt picks up and broadcasts the sloshing and sucking sounds, while the one at her mouth amplifies her moaning and gasping. The sounds from both mikes fill the room. She's embarrassed by the squishing sounds from her cunt. Suddenly, a jet of clear sweet-smelling fluid sprays upward from within her, squirting up then arcing over, like the fountain in a public park. Her legs flail wildly. She knows she's totally lost control and is at the mercy of her long-awaited climax. This is the Big One. She's barely conscious of the people around her, and is totally consumed with her orgasm. Now she doesn't care who sees what. She's experiencing a full-body, full-brain, orgasm, bare breasts heaving, her slick fluids everywhere. Out of control and totally uninhibited, she snatches one of the microphones and shoves it up her cunt, broadcasting the amplified sucking and spurting sounds. She pumps the instrument in and out of herself, but can't seem to finish off this way, so she tosses it aside and rolls over, gets on her knees and elbows, ass in the air, ruins her expensive hairdo, shakes her shoulders and tits wildly, then slides off the recliner and begins humping its corner, rubbing her clit against it, then tries taking the corner into her vagina as she continues to hump wildly. The wires are all ripped from the recorders. Pushing her pubic bone hard onto the edge of the recliner, she finally reaches her climax, gasps, and collapses on the floor, her twitching legs coming to rest. Her hair is all over the place. Her cunt lips look swollen and abused. A silvery strand of clear fluid trails from her cunt to the side of the recliner. A few adhesives are still stuck to her skin, and the severed wires hang from her openings. As she regains consciousness, the techs gently and respectfully remove them.

Her mind slowly emerges from the fog of her massive and very public orgasm, as she remembers that this is the moment, twenty years ago, when she was overcome with shame. She now has to fight that same battle. Today she has revealed far more of herself, remembering that back then she didn't even get naked, except for the techs, and all she did then was finger herself under the sheet. This time it's different and she feels empowered by it. She has smashed all boundaries, thrown away all limits on herself and exposed herself physically, emotionally, and psychologically. As she slowly regains her ability to think, she looks around, realises she's been lying here naked for who knows how long, so there's no point in covering up and hiding as she did so many years ago. Right now she's here, she's naked, she has delivered the required orgasm for science, and the other researchers are waiting, in fact they are standing and applauding. Rising, and finally taking that long-delayed bow, she declares victory over her past and resolves to complete the seminar, as planned. She wants to do a cartwheel but knows she's no longer nubile enough for that, so settles for a pirouette and a curtsey. Bowing in all directions, she knows she's treating some to a view of her underside, but now she no longer feels she must protect her ass hole.

Now fully composed, she savors the afterglow of her cataclysmic orgasm. She's invigorated and feels great. Sexy and great. She asks for some water, finds the modesty panel/pillow case, holds it across her chest and excuses herself for a potty break. She practically dances down the hall. Barefoot, hair down, covering her tits with the panel, she knows she's radiating raw sexuality to the outsiders in the crowded hallway. It turns her on, and she lets the cloth drop a bit to expose a nipple. Then playfully wears it like a little skirt, giving them both her tits. She really doesn't care what anyone sees or thinks. Concerned students offer help, but she tells them she's just fine and has never felt happier.

A few minutes later she's back in the room, among her colleagues. The room lights are turned up. She uses the modesty panel to mop the recliner, still slick with her juices. She decides she won't be blatantly naked, but she'll just be casually nude if it's appropriate. Right now is appropriate. She notices the scent of her sex hanging in the air. At first she's ashamed, but then she takes pride in it. After some casual chat, she goes to the podium to start the question-and-answer part of the session. She feels really good. She's enjoying being the only one naked in this workday setting. She feels the same breath-taking thrill she gets when staying nude during the breaks when she's modeling for artists. Though she's been nude in many situations, the thrill is new each time. And she loves that her cunt feels wet and slippery, and relishes the thought that the Campus Police could raid at any moment. Will they take her away naked? She's a grown, mature woman, not an impulsive student! Will they put the pillow case over her head? Maybe they'll put the handcuffs on behind her back. Will they take her to the station naked? She loves this feeling of risk.

So right now she's naked, there are no cops around, she's completed the demo, she's now running the meeting, and she has everyone's attention. Of course she has their attention; they have the questions and she has the answers. And she's naked; that always brings attention. She has a job to finish. The discussion phase starts.

But first she takes a few minutes to remind the other researchers that what they've just shared was very special to her, and she hopes to them as well. She knows not many would do what she's just done, and even fewer would overcome the shame. But that any shame would hers alone to accept or reject, and she chooses to reject it.

The first questioner wants to know what imagery or fantasies she uses when bringing herself off. Her answer is that, other than soft breezes and and a glass of wine on a tropical beach, she replays in her mind any one of the times she's been naked, like modeling, hosting home Superbowl parties naked, the Bay-to-Breakers race, the World Naked Bike Ride where she usually gets an orgasm from the bike seat, streaking dares, "losing" her bathing suit in the surf, times that she was nude in a play, a couple of orgies, some of her Halloween costumes, when she auditioned for "Naked and Afraid", beach sex with friends. She tells us that at her age she doesn't need to fantasise; she can just think back to any of her real-life adventures. As for fantasies, the only one she hasn't yet lived is to organize a party for all her former lovers and make love again to each one before the night is over, but that she actually did have several of them come and fuck her the night before her wedding, and sometimes she thinks of that when she masturbates.

They ask her what imagery she used today, and she replied about how thrilling it was to be so exposed in front of colleagues, and how she imagined them leaving their seats to come fuck or lick her. Especially being fucked by certain ones. She admits that at the moment, she was so filled with sexual energy that she probably would have done it, although in reality she'd stay faithful to her husband. But that just thinking of the possibility pushed her over the top. She reveals that between marriages she enjoyed regularly fucking in public, mostly at beach parties, and so would have no inhibitions doing it with an audience of scientists, like the researchers in front of her right now. And that she had left an earlier husband for his refusal to fuck her in public, but she was still working on her present husband.

She apologises for losing control and humping the recliner, but nobody seemed to mind.

As part of the research, every few minutes she teases her clitoris out and has someone photograph its changing size, shape and color as a function of elapsed time since her orgasm. They also have a device to measure the viscosity of her vaginal flow, so they wipe some up to compare with the earlier samples. She's loving her newly-found permission to abandon boundaries. Starting today she's allowing herself to behave as freely in her professional life as she does in the rest of her life. She loves it. It frightens her.

This brings up the question from a female student, of how to pursue a career in this field without becoming a laboratory subject. She answers by saying it's perfectly possible to work as a data-taker or an analyst, but you'll be able to contribute so much more if you'll just shed your clothes, drop your inhibitions, get on your back, open your crack, invite your colleagues in, do your handy work and claim the orgasm for yourself rather than just watch someone else's! She pantomimes all these steps as she speaks.

She spends some extra time with the two students who'd volunteered for later sessions, encouraging them to masturbate regularly, preferably in front of friends or their respective partners. She gives the girl some pointers on holding back, but can't help the boy much, except to remind him that for the past hour he's obviously learned to control himself in the presence of a very naked and very brazen lady! She does take a moment, however, to show him with her own fingers how he might honor a girlfriend's clitoris. During this orgasm, she suggests that he might learn more by paying attention to her face rather than the usual guy thing of staring between her legs. Just to make sure, she does it for him twice: once for the face and once for between the legs. Turns out he really can't control himself that well, so she discretely hands him a notebook to cover his lap. She secretly feels proud that she can still excite a male half her age.

Another wants to know if her husband will learn what she just did, and how he'll handle it. So she takes that moment to stand up, points out her husband, moves over to him, puts his hand to her nipple, and gives him a long, sensuous, kiss while wrapping her naked body around him, leaving his pant leg soaked. Then the husband explains that tonight they will have wonderful sex together, just like most nights, but especially tonight since he can see now how worked up she is. As for seeing her naked in front of others, he mentions that when he was first introduced to her she was naked and having sex with several different partners at a beach party. She takes his hand and runs it down her crotch and along the inside of her leg, while explaining that in spite of the libertine display they'd all seen this afternoon, these days she makes love with nobody but her husband. And herself.

In the evening there's a cocktail party and dinner to mark the conclusion of the week-long conference. She's the honored guest, having provided the 'climax' to the technical sessions. Escorted by her husband, she arrives wearing what appears to be a conservative off-the-shoulder gown in shimmering scarlet. She makes the rounds, chatting up acquaintences old and new. After a few minutes, it looks like one breast is exposed, then a few minutes later, when she's with a different couple, it looks like maybe the other breast is out instead. Then both, but only maybe. Soon after, the garment is loosely over one shoulder, flowing down one side of her body, leaving her other side exposed.

On closer look, it turns out that her entire outfit is a single thin satin sash about half a meter wide and five or six meters long, plus her high heels. Apparently, for her arrival she simply wound it around herself, beginning under her arms and spiralling down to mid-thigh. In that configuration, she'd be welcome at Buckingham Palace.

Away from the Palace, however, she can arrange and rearrange the sash any way she wants. And she does. To the delight of the other guests, she plays with it in all sorts of configurations. At times, a glance in her direction shows only bare flesh, head-to-toe, the sash folded and draped over one arm, or worn as a turban.

Sometimes she has it around the back of her neck then forward over her shoulders, with the ends just flowing where they might, maybe covering her tits but then maybe not. She flirts with Sniff Boy by using it as a lasso to haul him in against her naked self. She uses it to wrap herself and her husband together for a slow dance.

In nearly every configuration it's evident that she's removed any remaining pubic hair. And that the internal folds are still open and flushed pink from earlier in the day. And very wet.

In high spirits, she holds the sash out in front then brings it to her chest to see if it can stay in place just hanging from her nipples. Even after several tries it keeps falling to the floor, but she suggests that twenty years back it might have stayed up. That reminder of her student orgasm for science again brings up the mixed feelings from that event, but she's having too good a time to dwell on it.

Before dinner is served, chooses a table and drapes the sash across the backs of two of the chairs to reserve seats for herself and her husband, then returns to the cocktail party and dances with several of her friends and some of the new students. The sash is waiting for her when she returns, and she arranges part of it to cover the seat cushion and brings the remainder up to sometimes cover one breast or the other.

She's about to receive an award, and is asked by the MC to get ready to ascend the dais. Which means, put something on. She arranges the sash in original form as it was at the start of the evening. She then climbs the four steps, but upon learning the name of the award, pulls up the front of her garment to her waist to display herself below. Now, by comparison, the attendees can understand the petal-like design on this year's "Cunning Stunt" award.
