II. 

Jim knew something Spock did not; their days together, at least the way they’d been spent for the past three years were numbered.

He wasn’t afraid of being alone. He’d lived that way since the age of fifteen, forgotten by a mother who found solace in a bottle and the warm beds of unnamed men after his father’s heroic death. George Kirk had been gunned down in the city’s streets by a ruthless criminal. Jim and his brother Sam had balanced his mother, holding her steady as they followed the processional of uniformed officers and bagpipes. His brother left home that night. Disappearing across the country for a life where he didn’t have to compete with a ghost or a raise the mother who sucked at her God given mission. 

Nightly, Jim counted the pills that spilled from her bottle. He’d echoed too many words of comfort to silence one of her maniacal rants. Hours had been wasted tearing vomit soaked sheets from her bed and stuffing them into the washer, only to repeat the process again and again until dawn broke. Then came the night when he reached the point of no return. Corey, Dexter, or Frank the names meant nothing now, turned on Jim angered by his mother’s inebriated state and forced him self on the teen. He’d cried. He’d screamed. He’d begged for his mother’s protection. It never came. 

With a bruised face and swollen lips, Jim filled his bag and ran from his mother’s home. In the days that followed he learned five minutes on his knees could provide enough money to eat for a week. Sharing more of his body provided the monetary means to have a life that was comfortable despite the murky lenses through which he now viewed the world. Jim went on like that for years, he grew from small time trick turner to the valued companion of rich, powerful and professional closet bound men. Then he met Spock. Without regret he traded one secret for another.

The sense of security Jim found in Spock’s arms waned over the years. He knew when they met, the man wasn’t ready to openly live the way they did behind closed doors. Spock was fascinated with Jim. The air of confidence and no holds barred attitude. He played to win. He never lost and if he did, he walked away smile still brightening his face. The article had been the beginning. The daily conversations about Jim’s past, what and who he’d done to survive. The fact that he’d enjoyed most of it. Spock’s love and devotion slowly began to die.

Jim had seen it, the confirmation present in the man’s eyes that night. Constantly Spock searched for the woman at dinner, his neck craned to listen to her conversations, and he’d disappeared down the hall when she’d declined to share dessert with Amanda and Jim. Spock had found a new object to desire; a new idol to worship. There was no denying her beauty. Even the blind could see that, it played out in the tone of her voice as well as the intoxicating melody created by the sway of her hips. Spock had stalked her, timing visits to his father’s office, to coincide with her presence there. He’d discovered the address of her business and home and frequented both locations. Jim had witnessed his behavior but never shared his observances. The woman had rejected his lover’s advances, leaving the confidence - lacking man in the streets on the verge of tears.

And now, Nyota, sat here in Jim’s club waiting for the drink on his tray. 

The vodka spilled on his hand as he placed the martini on the gray square of paper before her. He avoided her gaze and moved to leave the table until he felt her slim fingers encircle his wrist.

“Jim…right?”

The fluorescent glow of the lights caused a halo to form around her head, but she was no angel; a devil in disguise maybe. She urged him to sit and he obeyed. She made love to the rim of the glass with her lips, her tongue expertly retrieving an olive from the liquid. She sat back, staring at him before speaking.

“A waiter,” She followed her question with a look filled with condescension. “Is this temporary?”

“No.” Jim rolled his eyes and stood.

“Sit down.” Her words were full of authority and despite the ever increasing hatred for her that formed in his belly, he sat. A small smirk lined her lips and it became impossible to hide his growing annoyance with the beauty in front of him.

“Save it.” Jim leaned in to face her. “I heard your conversation that night. Enough with the haughty air of superiority, you’re no better than what I use to be.”

“I’m not a thief,” she responded with her finger pointed towards Jim’s face, “I refuse to take something that belongs to someone else.” No further arguments were made as she finished the drink. “I read his article.”

Jim slouched down in the booth.

“How do you feel about him discussing your life so candidly?”

“That’s none of your damn business.” He regained his posture and reined in his anger. At the end of the day, the real argument was with Spock, not her. “Do you want another drink?”

“Sure.” She kept her eyes focused on the empty glass on the table.

Jim returned to the table with two drinks; another martini for Nyota and a bottle of beer for him. He loosened his tie and unbuttoned few buttons of his shirt. “To the joys of servitude.” He raised his bottle in a toast and the chime of the glass meeting rung out in the bar. No wasted words passed between them as they drank.

“Thank you…for the drink.” Nyota smoothed out the wrinkles of her dress before she slipped her arms into cashmere coat.

Jim chewed on the nail of his thumb before meeting her gaze. “Stay away from him. Don’t add liar and thief to your resume.”

***

There was evidence of Spock’s continued infatuation; notes scribbled on the pad beside the computer. Email receipts for flowers ordered. The first time the lovesick idiot had sent roses, red in a traditionally arranged bouquet, next more roses, twenty – four white, long – stemmed, accompanied by poetic words, and the final, most recent orders were for orchids and calla lilies. He’d found her favorite.

It didn’t matter.

Nyota still stalked away from Spock when he stepped from the shadows in attempt to steal a moment of her time. He kept his distance during business hours. Her recent work with a junior senator increased the time she spent in the building that housed his father’s office. In no unspoken terms she had cautioned him, promised that she would take legal action to enforce her right to privacy and personal space. The request had only been made for the time she spent at work and not home. At least that’s the way Spock had interpreted the warning.

Jim watched her soften over time. Occasionally Nyota looked for Spock on the days he was not there, the general buoyancy in her stride dissipated. She relished the attention the man provided. Jim needed to quickly end their game of flirtation before Nyota buckled under the weight of Spock’s countless advancements.

The endgame came in the form of a man a little over six feet tall who possessed a mesmerizing pair of golden green eyes.

Unhappiness had forced Jim to a state of unrest. He’d picked up old habits, cigarettes, drinks in bars where the well – established and powerful window shopped for new play things to rent. That’s where he found him, seated at the bar, shot glass and whiskey bottle before him. There was no introduction or exchange of names. He studied the man. Possibly he was pervert, he wasn’t a closeted homosexual and he really didn’t understand his decision to have a drink in this bar. Soon the boys would make themselves known and the man would be helpless against their charms.

“This isn’t what you want.” Jim signaled the bartender for glass, borrowed the strange man’s bottle and poured an ounce of liquid.

“Who the hell are you to tell me what I want.” The man’s thick southern accent and slurred speech made him hard to understand. Obviously he’d indulged in half the city’s share of alcohol before stepping into the bar.

“You just don’t look the part, and I know a little about the part.” Jim poured another drink and waved off an approaching interested party.

The drunken man’s shoulders relaxed, “Whatever that means. Quit talkin’ in riddles and say what you mean.”

Jim hijacked a pen from the man’s pocket, scribbled an address on a dry napkin. He rolled the paper around the pen and held out for the man. “You strike me as a leg man. All you’re going to find here is little boys looking for daddy. This easy lady may be just what you need.” The man took the pen and paper; finished his drink and left.

Jim knew he would see him again.

***

It took less than a week for the new stranger to make an appearance. It was a Thursday night. Spock’s extended evening at the office and Jim’s late shift at the club. Jim always took the long way home, just to check, to see if Spock stood watch under the streetlights in front of her building like a lovesick puppy. Jim wasn’t disappointed. This time before Spock could open his mouth and call her name, a new player appeared on the scene.

Nyota’s head was down, the strands of her long black hair peeked from the beneath the wool cap meant to keep the heat in her body. A weathered leather coat covered her frame and hid the slim jeans beneath it. The breath from her mouth exited in visible white clouds.

Nyota walked with purpose.

She was scared, it was late, and it had never occurred to Jim to tell his new friend how to approach her. Immediately his eyes fell to Nyota’s feet, heavy with thick soled boots. If he extended a warning his cover and role in the shenanigan would be known. He stood back and waited for the train wreck to unfold. The man reached for Nyota and Jim expected a reaction, yet none of the men saw it coming when the steel toe of those boots connected with the tender spot between the stranger’s legs. The man fell to his knees and cried out in pain. Her fist slammed into his nose and sent the man flying backwards a few inches. Nyota climbed the stairs hurriedly, and as she reached the door of her building, her shoulders sagged before she turned and ran back down the steps to aid her victim.

She listened, mouth slightly ajar, as the man rattled off an explanation. Her eyes searched the darkness, stopping at the spot where Jim was hidden. He wasn’t seen, because no great curse filled rant followed. She focused her energy on the man still rolling around on the ground.

Sorry.

The universal expression for I fucked up was easily discernible from Jim’s hiding place behind the street sign across the street. He watched as she helped the man sit up and waited for him to acknowledge that he was ready to stand.

Nyota was vicious but she also had a heart. She was a lot more like Jim than he’d given her credit for. She touched the man’s face and he winced. Finally the two stood and together they walked to the steps. Seconds slipped by and they disappeared behind closed doors. Jim had forgotten about Spock until he saw a flurry of purple against the dirty snow covering the sidewalk. In his haste the man had dropped the flowers as he ran from the scene.

The stranger was Leonard McCoy - divorced father of one – prestigious doctor – consummate humanitarian – a southern born gentleman. That night birthed a whirlwind romance. A healthcare lobbyist, silver spoon bred exotic beauty meets handsome man with a heart. They were a match made in heaven.

That was what Jim read, three months later in the engagement announcement. The short paragraph was accompanied by a picture of the two, locked in a loving embrace, smiles painted on their faces, and diamonds burning in their eyes. The obvious tenderness in the way the man’s fingers lingered on her cheek made Jim’s heart ache. He coveted the bliss that rested on Nyota’s face. He’d done this. Found two dejected souls happiness.

Jim left the paper folded and propped against the computer’s monitor.

Now Spock could forget Nyota Uhura.