Mindy and the Dressing Room

Pt.1

About a week after Mindy's mishap in the office building in her new bikini, she started to once again get the urge for an adventure. She was in her apartment one Saturday afternoon, leafing through a lingere catalog she had just received in the mail, and came across a picture of a busty blond in a very sexy, very sheer bra and panty set. As Mindy looked at the picture, her heart started to beat a bit harder. 

"Wow are those sexy undies!" she said. She simply had to have a set for herself. She picked up the phone and ordered her self a pair of sheer back, lace front light blue string bikini panties, and a matching sheer bra to be shipped overnight. 

The next day, when her package arrived, she ran into her bedroom to try on her new outfit. She practically tore off the T-shirt and shorts she had on, then yanked off her panties, and put on her new, very naughty undies. She stared at herself in the mirror and smiled. The bra was very sheer, and fit her like a glove. She could barely get the two rear hooks fastened. The panties were very tiny in front, and offered little coverage, with just a small patch of lace in the right spot. The back was brazilian cut, covering barely half of her fanny, but the part that was 'covered' was done so in very sheer material. She looked almost naked. 

"Oh boy!" she said. "This looks soooooo sexy!" She spun around a few times, looking at herself in her mirror. Then, she started to get an idea…. She quickly threw on a summer dress and a pair of white 2 inch pumps, grabbed her car keys, and ran out the door. She raced to her car, and sped to the mall. 

As she drove, she thought over her plan. She would go into the store, and pretend to be shopping. Then she would take an item into the dressing room, and strip off her dress. That part was easy. The next part required a bit of thought so that it would look authentic, but basically, she would 'accidentally' lock herself out of the dressing room in only her new undies, and be forced to get someone with a key to open it back up for her. 

Once she reached her destination, she parked and sat for a moment in her car, gathering her nerves. She tried to remember the store that had the type of dressing room she was thinking of. She remembered it after a moment, then took her keys and left her car to walk into the mall. 

As she walked through the mall, she noticed that it was an average size crowd for a Saturday afternoon in the summer. Most of the stores had some activity, some were quite crowded. Then Mindy saw the store she was looking for. It was an Abercrombie and Fitch. There were two reasons she chose this particular store. First, the dressing rooms were right up front, near the entrance to the store (and an easy line of sight from the passing shoppers in the mall!), and each one opened into the store, no vestibule or other room separating the dressing rooms from the retail section. Second, it was a younger crowd who both shopped and worked there, so she was less likely to cause too big a stir with her exhibition. She felt that younger people would be less apt to phone security if they felt she had staged this whole thing.


Pt 2

Mindy entered the store and began browsing. There were a number of people, all late teens to mid twenties both working and shopping there, about 15 in all, and about 5 were guys. Mindy selected a little tank top shirt off of the rack, and wandered back to the front of the store, and into an open dressing room. There were 4 dressing rooms in all, each about 6 feet by 6 feet, with a full length door that could be locked. 3 were empty when she went in, so she selected the one closest to the entrance of the store for maximum effect. She closed the door behind her. Once inside, she shook a little with anticipation, excitement and nervousness. She tried to calm herself a bit.

"Oh, this is no big deal, girl…" she said, softly to herself. "You've been stark naked in front of bigger crowds than this… this is a piece of cake." Then she added with a giggle "Cheesecake, that is!" She unzipped the rear zipper of her dress with her trembling hands, and slipped it off. She hung it up by it's thin straps on a hook on the wall. Then she looked at herself in the mirror.

"Oh my…!" she gasped. "I am soooo exposed in these undies!" she looked over her shoulder at herself from behind. "My fanny may as well be bare!" she whispered to herself. "Oh well, ok, here goes nothing, well…. next to nothing!" She slowly opened the door about an inch, then locked the door by pushing the button on the handle. She took a deep breath, then faked a stumble. 

"Ooooops!" she said loudly as she 'tripped' out of the dressing room, into the store. She steadied herself, then 'accidentally' bumped the door with her fanny. It slammed shut. "Bang!" attracting the attention of a few nearby shoppers. Two teenage girls looked at her, and started to giggle immediately, a guy about twenty gawked with a slack jaw. 

"Ohmigosh!" Mindy said, not really having to fake her embarrassment. She quickly spun and tried the door. Sure enough, it was locked. She looked around frantically, and spotted two cash registers, both with people working behind them. A girl was pretty close by, but on the far side of the store, Mindy noticed one with a guy and a few people waiting in line. In a sudden rush of daring, Mindy started towards the one on the far side. She also chose a daring route to get there. Instead of immediately walking to her right, through the rack of clothes and deeper into the store away from the mall entrance, Mindy went left, and after only a few steps of going through clothing racks, was right at the mall entrance. Her heels clicked on the tile floor as she walked, her breasts and fanny jiggling a little in her scanty underwear. She then stepped out from the clothing racks and into plain view of everyone walking by in the mall. People saw her right away. She was no more than 2 feet from the boundary of the dark tiled store floor, and the lightly tiled mall floor. She walked right to the middle of the entrance then stopped for a second, and turned towards the mall. For the briefest of moments, she considered running into the mall, but then decided to stick to her plan, and quickly turned and ran through the store, up to the cashier at the far side of the store. He saw her coming a mile away, as did everyone else in the store. 

"I locked myself out of my dressing room." she said, turning to point at the locked door, now some 50 or so feet behind her. When she turned back to the guy, her left bra strap slipped down off her shoulder. She ignored it. 
The kid, about 19, stammered as he stared at her nipples, very visible through her bra. "Uhhhh, let me see if I can find the key…" he said. 

"Oh my gosh, that has to be soooo embarrassing!" said an 18 year old blond girl, who was right next to Mindy, and was actually having her purchases rung up at the time of Mindy's arrival. 

Mindy smiled and said… "just a little…" with a hint of sarcasm. The kid behind the counter rummaged around for a minute, then said… "Let me check with someone…" and took the opportunity to look Mindy up and down as he walked away from his register, towards the girl across the store.

"Ohhhh pleeeease hurry!" Mindy shrilled. She opted to cover nothing, and really had no trouble acting nervous or embarrassed because she truly was. She looked around. Everyone in the store was watching her. 

"Those are really pretty undies, though." The girl said. "You do know that they are like, almost totally see-through, don't you?"

"Thanks. Yes, I know…" Mindy said.

Mindy began to become very aroused by all of the attention being paid to her in her exposed state. Her mind raced, and her heart pounded. She paced around nervously as she waited, offering views of her voluptuous underwear clad form from all angles. She could feel the start of an orgasm welling up inside her. "Oh my…" she said out loud at the sensation, then to herself "What is happening here? I never got THIS turned on before…" She wanted desperately to touch herself, but didn't want anyone else to know… so under the guise of covering herself, she put one hand over her left breast, then dropped the other between her legs. 

"I didn't mean that you should cover up…" the girl said. "I mean, you look really pretty."

"Thanks. I'm just a little embarrassed." Mindy said. "I mean, this bra doesn't really hide much." 

The girl glanced down at Mindy's breasts, now partially covered by her arm. "Not much at all…" she agreed. "In fact, your fanny is pretty visible through those panties, too…"

She was so nervous and turned on, that she felt could stand still no longer. She very lightly touched herself as she 'covered-up'. She grew closer and closer to having the big 'O'. The other bra strap slid off her shoulder, and her big breasts were now over half bare. But her quickly rising desire and ecstasy also made her a bit more daring, so instead of putting the straps back up, she decided to up the ante a bit.


Pt 3

The guy from behind the register and the girl from the other register were looking around behind the far counter. Mindy started back down the center aisle of the store, towards the mall entrance, and several enthralled onlookers! Seeing the people in the mall made her even more nervous, but also more excited… Her original thought was to walk over to the far counter to help speed the process of finding the key. So she decided to take the long route, right past the front entrance. She was now breathing very heavy, and knew she was just a few more strokes away from bringing herself to a climax. She hoped that it looked like she was just covering herself, still….

She continued down the aisle, the pressure of her bare inner thighs against her hand between her legs felt wonderful… so wonderful in fact that she failed to notice that it also caused the satin ties on either side of her panties to loosen!

"Ma'am!" called a male voice behind her. Mindy turned, but as she did, her panties came loose and fell away from her full, jiggling, but very shapely buttocks, baring them to the crowd in the mall, now just 10 feet away. A collective gasp went up from the 10 or so people out there. The guy, at the same time this was happening, tossed Mindy the key to the dressing room. Unfortunately for Mindy, her reflexes took over, and she went to catch the key with the hand that she had been using to cover the front of her panties with. The panties dropped to the floor as she let go of them, and she had to lunge to her left to catch the key. The key glanced off her hand, and hit the floor with a metallic clink. It skidded across the slick tile…

"Ohmigawd!" she shrilled, and instinctively dropped her hands between her legs to cover up. She looked down and saw her panties at her feet. She bent from the waist to retrieve them, really mooning the stunned crowd in the mall behind her. She picked them up, and held them over her very, very neatly trimmed bush with one hand. She turned towards the mall entrance and quickly scanned the floor for the key, her bare fanny now on display for those in the store behind her. After a few seconds that seemed like minutes, she saw it. It was right by the Mall entrance. 

"Oh Gawd!" Mindy said, then quickly realized she had little choice. She started to walk quickly, a little unsteady in her heels, towards the entrance. She reached the key, but lost her footing in the heels. Her left foot slid a bit and knocked the key past the people, into the mall!!!

"Ooops!" she said. She blushed deeply and just put her head down and walked right past the shocked onlookers, and attracted a whole new audience…. The Food Court!!! It was a few stores down the mall from Abercrombie! 

Mindy gasped as she realized just how out in the open she was now… She stopped for a second, then continued towards the key, just in time to see a guy with a broom, wearing a Walkman sweep it right up!

"Oh No!!" she shrilled. The guy walked quickly, and started to head towards the food court. Mindy quickly followed after him, somewhat hampered by wearing heels. Her bare fanny bounced deliciously as she walk-ran after the broom guy. He had been looking down the entire time, listening to Def Leppard on his head set, and didn't even see Mindy. Mindy, several paces behind him, watched in horror as he turned to walk into the food court. Mindy continued her pursuit for another 100 feet, much to the delight of at least 2 dozen onlookers now. As the guy turned to sweep one of the aisles between the tables, the key came loose, and sat on the floor, right in front of 4 tables, filled with people!

Mindy just sort of put her head down, and continued towards the tables. With her hand between her legs, holding her panties in place as she half-ran, half-walked, the orgasmic process once again rose within her very quickly. At least 30 or more people in the food court now turned their attention to her, as well as the others still watching from Abercrombie and the mall hallway. 

"Ohmygod… Ohmygod…" Mindy chanted as a nervous and somewhat steamy mantra as she walked towards the key. The walking with her hand where it was caused a very pleasurable sensation, one that she did not want to stop. As much as she was still embarrassed by being naked out here, her passion was starting to take over. 

Under the guise of covering her nearly bare breasts, Mindy draped her free arm over her chest, and carressed her left breast as she walked. It didn't take more than a few seconds before she began to climax.

"Oh MY!!!" she said, her body starting to shudder. "Oh no! I'm gonna come!" she thought. She knew there was no way to stop it now. She was so nervous, but was really starting to lose it. She tried not to be too loud. "Oh YESSS!" she whispered as she walked. "Ohmigosh!!" she whispered. She had never ever felt so wonderful and so embarrassed at the same time! For the briefest of moments, she lost all concept of the crowd around her, and her very public location. "Oh Yessss!!!" she said again, closing her eyes. The orgasm lasted several seconds. When it finally ended, she stumbled back a bit, and leaned her bare fanny back against a table. The cold wrought iron of the table frame against her smooth, bare skin was a chilling wake-up call to Mindy's inhibitions. 

She gasped when she realized just how many people were now watching her. Now totally out of breath from the orgasm, she blushed deeply. She bent to retrieve the key, again putting her gorgeous bare rear-end on display to those lucky soles behind her. 

She picked up the key and ran, as best as she could in heels, back towards Abercrombie. Both breasts bounced out of her bra after the first few steps, due to the straps still being down. She didn't notice at first. But when she was out of the food court, she caught a glimpse of herself reflected in the glass of another storefront. 

"Oh Gosh!" She said. She stopped for a second and looked at the reflection. "I am soooo exposed!" she said, staring at her now totally bare breasts in the glass. The bra slipped down to her waist, the straps to her wrists. "I have got to get my undies back on!" She said. She realized that to do that, she would have to, for a moment, use the hand holding her panties, leaving her totally naked. She took a deep breath, glanced at the people all around her, and dropped the panties. She went to pull the bra back up her torso, but the front clasp came undone and the bra slipped off her wrists and landed on the floor, on top of her panties. 

Mindy gasped a little, now totally naked from her high heels up, in front of soooo many people!

"Oh god, I'm naked!" She said. She looked around. Too many people to count, but no one within 20 feet of her. Her breathing grew heavier, and she felt like she was moving in slow motion. Her hands trembled as she bent yet again to retrieve her underwear. She went to pick it up, but the bra strap had somehow caught on the heel of her shoe. She yanked it a few times, unable to free it. "ohgod, ohgod, ohgod…" she said, feeling warm all over, totally blushing from head to toe now, as she stood exposed in front of all these people.

