Exhibitionist going all the way
by Krlina

I am a bit too tall and thin or so I'm told at 5' 9" 130 lbs. Short dark hair and shaved down there and not much of a
tan. I was always tall and thin, someone most would not look at twice In school. 
All the while I was growing up I got reactions when I was In a bathing suit because They rarely stayed In place.
I came to like this attention so I dressed the part and let things fall open or off now and then.
As I grew up It was me who wound up naked first In the pool at parties, things like that.

I am 30 now, still skinny and was staying alone In a Holiday Inn on a business trip when the urge to go naked 
came on me. This Hotel was a once a week overnight stop for me so the staff at the desk kinda knew me.
It was a very large hotel complex, older style with three buildings around a large parking lot and pool. I always 
asked for a room In the very back because It was quiet. There was a bar up front that was always busy
even on week nights. The whole place was somewhat busy at 8 pm on this thursday night when I decided to try
out my little game.
The first step Is the hardest and Its where most people chicken out, unless there Is no way to turn back.
I have failed at this point many many times and I really wanted to do this for along time.
I took a shower and left my hair wet, got 4 quarters for a soda, the machines were down stairs at each
courtyard building entrance facing the parking lot and pool.

Out the door with no card key and It locked behind me. Just In case someone was out there I turned back
to the door, dropped the quarters and tried to open it. Now I am committed, naked and locked out.
My heart rate climbed fast and I had butterflies bad, wow what a rush. I also made a decision not to cover
myself with my hands and just walk fast but not run so off I went.
Down the very long empty hall way just waiting for a door to open and to the middle where the elevator was.
Three floors to the street level so I hit the button and waited and waited. It finally opened and was empty, I got
on and hit the ground floor button. Not a soul had seen me yet and I was very very nervous, ok scared to death.

The door opened and It happend, a middle aged couple with luggage was standing there staring at me.
They didn't say a word, I did and kinda loud, "I locked myself out, I'm sorry" the fear was Intense, 
I hurried away and looked back once. They were grinning ear to ear and missed the elevator.
I was going through, "OMG what the hell am I doing" In my head. Out the door and across the parking lot to the main building. Yes people saw me, I heard laughter and a car horn as I entered the other building.
I was so scared I did not look around but I would guess three or four saw me.

This was a very long hall way ending In the lobby and I heard voices down there, several. Right then a house maid
stepped out of a room, you know, with the cart full of towels and sheets. She did not speak english thank god but
still hurridly stuck out her hand with a big white towel. I thought that my naked walk was over right then.
I took a chance that she didn't want to get Involved so I walked right by her not stopping, the towel brushed
my arm and I kept walking. About 5 rooms down the hall I looked back and she was going the other way with her
cart and not looking back.
I was very very scared now and thinking this would go bad and my luck would run out. So far only the couple
at the evelavtor and a few unseen faces crossing the parking lot had seen me, plus the very shy maid who only
wanted to get away from that hallway and me.
I was nearing the double doors leading right Into the lobby and they were propped open, at any time any number
of people could walk around that corner and I would be facing them. I was hearing quite a few voices and could
now see throught the front wall of glass, there were six or seven people out there looking toward the street.
The place was well Lit and If they turned they would all see me.

It was then I realized I had froze, ten feet from the main doors, I was so scared I was shaking. I wanted to bail
but how. This was a, "what have I done moment", and I wanted to run but where. Right through the double doors on
the right was the restrooms so I ran full speed In there looking once over my shoulder Into the Lobby.
I had to pee real bad and took note of what I saw as I looked back. 
About 15 people In the lobby, ten or so In the two lines at the front desk. 
The Bar was on the other side of the lobby and was packed or so It sounded.

Sitting there on the toilet I started calming myself and as I did two women came In and took care of business.
I was suprised they didn't notice my bare feet and say something, they chatted a bit and walked out.

Now the hard part, getting a key and getting back into my room without being arrested. I made up my mind to
do this and calmly walked right out Into the Lobby and crossed the 25 feet of lobby and got In the nearest line.
The chatter I was hearing before was partly from the bar as the doors were also propped open so when the people
all saw me and got quiet It was not a Pin drop silent thing thank god.
There I stood and I was being stared at, I could feel the looks. The people In front of me had not noticed and the 
desk clerks continued to check people In.
Not a soul spoke to me or offered me anything to cover up with. The line moved and I was next to get to the counter.

Here comes the strange part, My turn at the counter, It was belly high so It was obvious that I was naked to the
male clerk. The other clerk In the other lane stopped and stared for a second and went back to work, she was
noticably embarrassed.
I told Him I needed a key, I locked myself out, I did my best to seem relaxed and calm but I know for a fact my
voice was shaking. He asked my name, punched his computer, handed me a key and nervously said, "Next".

I stepped away and turned around towards all those who were staring at me, not a word was said.
The looks on the faces surprised me somewhat, the Guys were all grinning of course, the ladies mostly had a worried look or a smirk. I'm shure most were thinking, sl*t or wh*r*. I tried for a head count, my guess was 20. 

Remember me saying Here comes the strange part? the way the clerk reacted I thought at the time was the strange
part but I was so wrong.
The strange part was my fear had passed completely and just as I took my first step to the right to start back for
my room the fear came back with a vengance and something else happened that I was not prepared for at all.

As I started walking a very Intense orgasm came on and I had not touched myself at all. The next five steps were
all about staying on my feet and I think I did well. I could be wrong But I do not think anyone had any Idea what
I was going through. As I rounded the corner I did have to lean on the wall for just a second to catch my breath.
My Orgasm was Intense, It hit hard but was shallow and short.

Now I was going through something I totally did not expect, I was EXTREMLY embarrassed and shaking with fear,
I was having trouble walking. As I started down the long hall my total embarrassment was almost more than I could
stand, I covered my front with my left had and I was leaking through my fingers. I had my head down and my other arm and hand over my breasts.
I looked back and about 8 guys were standing back there staring at me, I started to run and felt like I would fall
so I went back to walking. I did not see a soul all the way back to my room.

Yes I really did this and yes I did this a few more times but I never had the nerve to go back to that Holiday Inn. 
