Last Chance
by Emi Tsuruta

Last year in the spring, my boyfriend Ryosuke and his friends Futoshi and Kenta all graduated from Oceanview U., the college I go to here in south California.  Ryosuke agreed to stay in Oceanview till I finish, but Futoshi and Kenta moved away to Los Angeles to work there.  The day they were supposed to leave, Ryosuke and I went to Kenta's condo to help them pack up, and say goodbye.  When we got there, Futoshi and Kenta were loading cardboard boxes onto the mini-van they'd rented for the move. 

My friend Satomi was supposed to come too, but when I phoned her, she said she'd caught a cold, and told me to say goodbye for her.  Of course, this was just an excuse.  She must have been upset about Futoshi leaving, and just didn't want him to see her like that.  I still think if she'd told him how she felt earlier he might have stayed in Oceanview too.  I swear I tried my best to get them together, but I guess it's too late now.  Anyway, I told Satomi to get well soon, and promised I'd come look in on her later in the week. 

Then, we helped Kenta and Futoshi carry down the last of Kenta's stuff to the parking lot.  It's amazing how much stuff he'd picked up in the years he'd been living there.  His apartment used to look empty most of the time, but now it was full of all these boxes.  We gradually carried them all down, and pushed them into the van.  When we were done, we all just stood there in silence for a while.  They had to get going because it was a long drive to L.  A., so Ryosuke offered to finish cleaning up the apartment for them.  Kenta glanced over at me with this faint smile on his lips, perhaps remembering something I'd done.  Anyway, he nodded, and handed Ryosuke the key. 

Earlier in the week, Futoshi and Kenta had seemed cheerful about moving to L.A., but now that it was time to go, they did look a bit sad to be leaving.  I was pretty broken up about it too.  I gave them each a big hug, and cried a bit.  Of course, we all promised to go visit each other, but it is a long way to L.A.  from here, so I knew we wouldn't be able to see them that often.  They thanked us for all our help, and got in the van.  We stood there waving while they drove off out of sight. 

Ryosuke took my hand, and gave me a brave smile.  He didn't want to let on, but I'm sure he was sad too.  They'd been such good friends to us.  I gave Ryosuke a kiss, but he still seemed distant.  I guess he was thinking about all the good times we'd had.  Anyway, we headed back up to Kenta's condo to finish cleaning up. 

It was so strange to see his apartment almost empty like that.  I had so many good memories from our time here.  It was hard to believe it was over. Ryosuke started gathering up the cardboard boxes and other stuff lying around, and put them in a bag. 

"I've gotten all dusty," I said.  "Do you mind if I take a shower?" 

"Go ahead." 

It was pretty hot out that day, so it would be good to cool off.  It also gave me a chance to think about what I wanted to do from here on in. There was no way I was just going to mope around all summer, the way Satomi seemed set on doing.  Ryosuke was still here, and I wanted to have some fun. I went into the washroom, and started getting undressed. 

"I'm just going to take the trash down to the chute," Ryosuke called through the bathroom door. 

"OK." 

It felt good to get out of my clothes.  I love to take showers in the summer.  It's so refreshing.  I was about to get in the bath when I realized I didn't have my bag.  When I left the house that morning, I'd packed a towel, some soap and a change of clothes.  Still naked, I went back out to the main room to find my bag.  Kenta had taken his curtains with him, so the sunlight was streaming in through the floor-to-ceiling windows and balcony doors.  I looked down at my naked body.  I felt so naughty.  I hope no one's looking in.  It was so bright out I was squinting in the sun.  I couldn't really see the condos across the way very clearly. That would be pretty embarrassing if someone was out there watching me scamper around Kenta's apartment in the nude like this.  Now where did I leave my bag? 

"Hey, what are you up to?" I heard Ryosuke call to me from behind.  He'd just come back. 

"Kyaa!" I squealed.  I looked around for my bag, while Ryosuke stood there leering. 

"Flashing the neighbors again?" he asked. 

"I was not!" I protested, feigning horror that he would even suggest such a thing.  I finally found my bag lying up against the wall.  I leaned over, picked it up, and scurried back into the bathroom.  Ryosuke followed me in. 

"So what's this story about you getting Kenta all heated up?" 

A few days before, the three of them were over to my place.  Kenta and Futoshi caught me running around commando (without panties) in this ultra short flirt skirt (This time it was definitely Ryosuke's fault).  Kenta got a nosebleed (I'm serious), and Futoshi said, 

"Not again." 

He was talking about the time they kind of caught me sunbathing naked on Kenta's balcony.  That hadn't been my fault exactly either.  Kenta wasn't supposed to come back for a week or two.  How was I to know his flight would get cancelled? 

"It was nothing," I told Ryosuke.  I hadn't really told him about that at all.  It was no use getting him all worked up about it.  They ended up seeing me naked, but that was all.  It was no big deal really.  They'd seen me naked a few times before.  Anyway, they were gone now, so what did it matter? 

Ryosuke stood in the open door leering at me with this goofy grin on his face.  It was getting me a bit excited, but I didn't want to let on. 

"Close the door for heaven's sake.  I'm trying to have a shower." 

"And you've never looked sexier." 

"Oh, go finish cleaning up." 

He watched me a bit more, but finally nodded, and left, closing the door behind him.  I turned on the tap in the tub laughing to myself.  It's nice to hear he still finds me sexy.  We've been going out for an awful long time now, and sometimes I wonder. 

I turned on the shower, and took the shower head off its hook.  I love the feeling of the cool water on my naked skin in the summer.  It makes me feel so alive.  I didn't bring a washcloth, so I just squirted some soap on my hands, and ran them all over my body, gently caressing my breasts and between my legs.  Almost before I realized it, I was getting all aroused. What am I doing?  This is all Ryosuke's fault, you know.  I used to be such a good girl.  Anyway, I'd better calm down.  We still have to finish cleaning up. 

I rinsed myself off, shut off the shower, and got out of the tub.  I squatted down, and dug my towel out of my bag, but my pussy still felt a bit tingly.  I quickly toweled off, and went out into the living room to look for Ryosuke.  I was beginning to wonder if maybe we could, like, you know, sort of fool around a bit before getting back to work. 

There were still bags here and there on the floor, but there was no sign of Ryosuke.  He must be down the hall.  I looked over at the window, squinting into the sun trying to see if anyone across the way was peeking in.  It felt kind of liberating though to be standing here naked in the bright sunlight.  I walked a bit closer to the window my heart racing.  I'd probably never come back here now that Kenta had moved out.  In a way, it didn't matter even if anyone did see me.  I'd probably never see them again. 

I shielded my eyes from the bright light with my arm, as I walked right up to the window.  I was so excited by then.  I wanted to go outside.  I pushed on the lock on the balcony door, but it was stuck.  It finally gave way with a loud click, scaring the daylights out of me.  I was afraid Ryosuke would come back, and find me here like this, exposing my naked body to the people across the way.  I still wanted to go outside, but the clicking noise had made me realize how dangerous it might be.  I finally wrapped the towel around me, and walked back to the front door.  Phew! That was close.  I should probably be more careful. 

I waited a bit more, but there was still no sign of Ryosuke.  What's taking him so long?  I opened the door to the hall a crack, and peaked out. 

"Ryosuke," I called softly.  I couldn't hear anything.  I straightened out the towel trying to make sure it covered up my pussy at the very least. I cautiously opened the door a bit more, glancing down the hall either way. I knew from the times I'd been here before that there usually weren't many people around during the day.  Most people seemed to be at work or shopping or somewhere.  It seemed pretty quiet today too.  I straightened my towel, slipped my bare feet into my sandals, and tiptoed out into the hall.  I carefully shut the door, trying not to make any noise.  I hope no one comes out of their apartment, and sees me.  That would be pretty embarrassing if they found me wandering the halls dressed in just a towel. 

I softly padded down the carpeted hallway to this short set of stairs that leads down to the elevator.  Ryosuke didn't seem to be here either.  I tiptoed down the stairs to get a better look.  Where on earth could he have gotten to?  Suddenly, I heard the elevator coming up.  I scurried up the stairs, and hid around the corner, just in case it wasn't Ryosuke. Luckily, it was him. 

"What are you doing out here dressed like that?" he asked, smirking when he saw me. 

"I was wondering where you'd run off to." 

"I just took that stuff down to the recycling bins.  They're in the basement." 

I walked on ahead down the hall back to the apartment, but Ryosuke started grinning and chasing after me. 

"Hey!  Cut that out." 

"You look so cute like that." 

I made it back to the door of the apartment, but he finally caught up to me.  He held the door closed, so I couldn't get back in.  I looked up at him, breathing hard, all excited. 

"What are you...?" I asked. 

"You're in a frisky mood," he said.  "Want to go out for a walk?" 

"OK, just let me get dressed, and..." 

"No, I meant like that." 

I looked down at my towel.  I could feel a little breeze blowing between my legs making me all nervous and excited. 

"I can't walk around like this.  What if someone sees me?" 

"You didn't seem too worried about that until now." 

I shot him a look. 

"What kind of walk?" 

"Just down the stairs over there." 

I glanced over.  It was the stairwell at the end of the building the farthest one from the street and the entrance.  It led down to one of the side doors outside, but not too many people seemed to use it.  Most people seemed to take the elevator, back in the middle of the building.  I looked at Ryosuke a bit nervously. 

"Here.  Let me just get a drink." 

He finally let me back into the apartment.  I got the bottle of mineral water from my bag, but it was almost empty, so I went to the kitchen, and filled it up with tap water.  While I was leaning over the sink, Ryosuke came up from behind, and started kissing me on my bare shoulders.  It felt good, but I was still worried about the curtainless windows. 

"Ryosuke, stop.  There might be someone looking in." 

He gently reached around, and undid my towel pulling it off me. 

"Ryosuke!" I exclaimed, trying to hide my bare bottom with my hand.  I was worried he might be wanting to have sex right here in view of the windows.  We'd actually done it in Kenta's kitchen once before, but that was at night with all the lights out, not in the middle of the day.  I turned to him, and screwed the cap back onto the water bottle.  "Here, give me my towel back before someone sees me." 

"God, you look gorgeous," he told me staring down at my pussy.  I was getting all horny too, but I knew we shouldn't fool around too much in open view.  This was a family building.  I covered my pussy with one hand, and held out the other for the towel. 

"Oh, Emi, that's no fun." He made a face, but finally gave it to me.  I quickly tied it back on.  I was still breathing heavily, but at least I was dressed again.  I leaned forward to take a drink of water from the tap, but suddenly Ryosuke slid his fingers between my legs, and was feeling around for my pussy.  I didn't want him to realize how wet I was, but it was too late. 

"God, Emi.  You are soaked." 

"I am not," I protested, but having him touch me was just making it worse.  "Here.  Let's go." He slowly pulled out his fingers, and I looked deeply into his eyes.  Maybe we should do it once here before we go.  I was having trouble staying in control.  I took a deep breath, and then walked over to the front door, and slid my sandals back on. 

"We'll just go for a second, and then come right back, OK?" I suggested. 

Ryosuke smiled, and nodded.  I'm sure he knew he had me.  I cautiously opened the door, and peeked out into the hall.  It was still pretty quiet. Ryosuke picked up his camera, and then followed me out the door.  He went to lock it, but I told him, 

"Leave it open in case we have to run back." I walked down the hall to the window down the end.  Outside I could see this huge twenty storey building towering over ours.  Luckily, I couldn't see anyone out on their balconies.  I think it's supposed to be apartments for seniors or something like that.  Ryosuke opened the door to the stairs, and motioned for me to go first.  I walked down the first few steps, but I could feel the knot in my towel coming undone. 

"Here, can you carry my water?" I said handing it to him. 

"What's wrong?" 

"I think my towel might be coming undone." 

He smirked, but took my water.  I undid the towel, and flashed him my body.  We could hear noise coming from the apartments down the hall, but I was getting so turned on.  I did the knot back up very loosely.  The towel was too short to make a really good knot anyway.  I started galloping down the stairs very quickly, wonder if I could get the knot to come undone, but make it look like an accident.  Just before I got to the second floor, it finally gave way, and the towel fell to the ground.  I scurried down, and picked it up, but didn't put it on right away.  I stood there buck naked, listening at the door trying to tell if anyone was coming.  I was so excited. 

Ryosuke hurried down beside me, looking anxious but with a very noticeable hard-on.  He held out his hand. 

"Here, let me take the towel." 

I wasn't so sure I wanted to give it up, but I finally let him take it. There I was completely naked in the stairwell of Kenta's building!  Ryosuke motioned for me to go down the next flight of stairs, but I felt a bit afraid.  It was brighter down there from the sunlight coming in through the glass door at the foot of the stairs. 

"Here.  Let's just sneak down, and take a few pictures," he said, holding up his camera.  I was so nervous I was starting to tremble.  I was so worried that someone would come, and find us.  Ryosuke smiled reassuringly, so I cautiously started down the steps.  Oh I hope no one is there. 

I made it down to the first floor, but I tried to keep back as far away from the glass door as I could.  Ryosuke went over, and opened the door. This breeze rushed in.  I could feel it all over my body, reminding me of how naked I really was. 

"Uh, Ryosuke?" I said, wanting to go back. 

"Here just come out in the sun, so I can take a few pictures." 

I was so nervous by then, but I did as he said.  I stepped forward, really feeling the breeze and then the warm sun on my naked skin.  My head was spinning.  Here I was standing naked in broad daylight just outside Kenta's condo.  I hid behind Ryosuke trying to see if anyone was coming. The pathway led off behind the other condo toward the outdoor tennis courts and swimming pool, but luckily I couldn't see anyone.  Right behind us was the senior's building.  I stared up at it in wonder praying that no one was watching.  Ryosuke snapped a few shots, but I was too terrified to pose.  I heard a noise, which startled me, so I quickly dashed back inside. 

I put my hand between my bare breasts to feel my heart pounding in my chest.  I felt so exhilarated to have done such a thing.  Ryosuke came back in laughing, and gave me a kiss.  I was so excited, but I knew we'd better stop before we got caught.  I tried to take the towel back from him, but he said, 

"Just one more thing." He cautiously opened the door to the hall, and peered down to see if anyone was there.  I huddled close behind him still wanting my towel back.  He took my hand, and led me down the hall towards the elevators and main lobby.  I knew this was crazy, but he was pulling me along so quickly I couldn't stop.  I looked down at my body, and smoothed out my pussy hair.  He laughed. 

"Just in case someone sees me," I explained.  I hoped we didn't meet anyone of course, but he was pulling me along towards the busiest part of the building.  We came to the corner, and he pointed to the right.  There was another glass door, but this one led out to the street. 

"Oh no.  I'm not going out there," I protested shaking my hand free from his grip. 

"Just for a sec.  C'mon, Emi.  Please!" 

My whole body was on fire.  I was terrified enough to be standing there naked in the middle of the building.  The elevator was just around the corner behind us. 

"I swear I'll do anything if you do this.  Just this once." 

I knew I shouldn't listen to him.  I knew it would be a big mistake, but to tell you the truth, I was so turned on by this point I wasn't thinking straight.  He held open the door waving for me to come, and I finally moved forward.  I wasn't even thinking any more.  My body was just moving on its own.  Suddenly, I was out there, looking out at this long stream of cars coming around the bend.  Some of the drivers saw me for sure, but I just stood there, so aroused my mind just went blank.  An orgasm was welling up inside of me.  My whole body shook, as it rocked through me filling me up. I knew what I was doing was terribly wrong, but it just felt so good I couldn't help myself. 

The orgasm ended, and I found myself standing there, my body shivering in the cool breeze, looking at the shocked faces of the drivers coming down the hill.  As I regained my senses, I scurried back inside. 

"Did you..?" Ryosuke asked.  I looked down at the love juices dripping down the inside of my thighs.  "Wow!" 

I was too stunned to walk, or even put my towel back on.  Ryosuke had to drag me into the elevator.  I just stood there in a daze as he pulled me back to the apartment.  I went into Kenta's bedroom, and collapsed onto the carpet. 

"Emi!  That was so amazing!  I can't believe you did that.  Did you see the look on those guys' faces?  They kept slowing down to get a better look at you.  All these guys lusting after you." 

I could hear what Ryosuke was saying, but it wasn't sinking in.  My body was still reverberating with the echoes of my orgasm.  Ryosuke knelt down, and gave me a kiss.  Soon we were necking right there on Kenta's carpet. 

"I love you," he told me.  All I could do was smile.  He kept on kissing me, and started undoing his trousers.  I pulled back a bit surprised, but I was lying there naked after all.  He pulled off his pants, and got up on top of me, and soon we were humping away.  I felt a bit guilty making love in Kenta's room like this, but it was a bit of a turn-on in a weird sort of way.  Before long, I could feel another orgasm coming on.  I don't know what had gotten into me that day.  I was so worked up. 

After we both came, we lay there on the carpet for a long time.  I felt a bit sad that we wouldn't be able to come here any more.  For some reason, it had always been a good place for Ryosuke and me, a safe place to make love.  We didn't have so many places like that.  I didn't know Kenta that well, but I'd always been grateful to him for letting us use his place. 

Anyway, I guess I'd better go.  I'll try to write again soon.  Hope you had a good summer. 

