The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.
    
Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.
    
Please!  Give me your comments.
    
E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
    
    
MY BOSS' SLUT
    
Part Five
    
I couldn't believe it!  My slut wife was in the hospital on that Monday.  She had surgery to
change her body like Mr. Williams, my boss, wanted it.  After all, she was my wife, but she was
primarily his slut. 
    
But what I really could not believe was he gave me his other slut, Trudy, his secretary, to use
while he was out of town for the week. Not only could I use her, but I was helping him train her,
too.  I was very honored Mr. Williams was trusting me with such an important job. I had never
trained a slut before.  In fact, I had never fucked a woman except Becky.  Now, I was going to get
Trudy, to fuck and to train. 
    
I was very excited when I got to Trudy's apartment after work. I had the riding crop Mr. Williams
gave me hidden under my coat.  I knocked hard on the door.
    
Trudy, wearing a bathrobe, had a wild, sexy smile when she opened the door. 

"Hi, Bobby.  What took you so long?  Come on in."
    
When I walked in, she kissed me long and hard.  The robe fell open and she was naked
underneath it.
    
"I want you, Bobby.  I want you to fuck me," she groaned, rubbing her body against me.
    
She was a lot more eager than my Becky was for me, but I thought something was funny. 
    
"First, I need to whip you, Trudy."
    
"No, please, don't do it."
    
"Mr. Williams told me to do it."
    
"He will never know.  We can tell him you did it.  Let me fuck you, Bobby.  I will fuck you so
hard you will forget about the whipping."
    
I pushed her away.
    
"Trudy, Mr. Williams has entrusted me with his slut's punishment and I intend to do it just as he
wants, whether the slut is Becky or you.  Now, he said for you to show me how to hang you by
your feet."
    
"Please, no, Bobby," she said very softly.
    
She spread her legs for me to see her shaved pussy. She moved against me, rubbing her  body on
mine. Man, was I hard!  But, I was going to do what Mr. Williams wanted.
    
"I will whip you, Trudy.  Do it now or I will tell him you tried to get out of your punishment." 
    
"All right," she answered with great disappointment. 
    
I certainly hoped Trudy was going to show me what Mr. Williams intended for her to show  me. 
I followed her into the bedroom. She let the robe drop to the floor.  She had a very nice body, but
I guessed it was not nearly as nice as Becky was going to be after her surgery.  
    
Trudy sat on the floor and fastened leather restraints to her wrists and ankles. She pulled them
very tight.  She told me what to do.  I attached her wrists to her ankles.  Mr. Williams had
installed a pulley system in her bedroom for suspending her when he  wanted to do it.  I attached
the rope which ran through the pulley to her ankles and  pulled.  Slowly, her legs rose in the air. 
With her arms tied to her ankles, she was bent almost double. I kept pulling.   
 
"You are not nearly as strong as Mr. Williams," she said.  "He could raise me all the way with
one hand."
    
Maybe I was not as strong as Mr. Williams, but I was strong enough to get the job done. I kept
pulling until she was off the ground and was swinging in the air.  
    
I was so hard!  I had never been this hard. I found the crop.
    
"Bobby, you better gag me before you start.  I don't want the neighbors to call the police."
    
I found the gag.  It was a ball with a leather strap to buckle behind her head. Her eyes were wide
and excited as I buckled it as tightly as it would go.  I thought Trudy was looking forward to this. 
I remembered how much Mr. Williams' other slut, Becky, my wife, enjoyed being whipped when
she was tied over his desk.  
    
Trudy was swinging in the air, her legs straight, her body bent since her wrists were attached to
her ankles.  I could see her face.  I could also see her lovely legs and her shaved pussy.  Her ass
hole winked at me. 
    
Nobody had said otherwise so I decided that whipping a woman was best performed when naked. 
 I undressed. Trudy was watching me, looking like a chipmunk trying to swallow a racquet ball
with that gag in her mouth.  I guess that is what gave me the idea.  I had played racquet ball a few
times. 
    
In racquet ball, you step into the swing and snap your wrist.  I lined up behind Trudy. She started
whimpering through the gag.  She was swinging more, trying to get away.  I pulled the crop back
and swung, putting my weight behind it and popping my wrist just like in racquet ball.  
    
Wow!  The welt just seemed to appear from nowhere right where her ass meets her thighs.  I
could hear her scream through the gag.  She was moving like crazy, pulling up and down on the
rope, like a yo-yo. I saw the piss flying from her and the sweat break out. Trudy had a wild,
pained look on her face.
    
When I pulled the crop back for the second stroke, she jerked and swung violently in the air. I
waited for her to stop swinging. It took me forty minutes to give her all ten because of all her
movement.  I certainly hoped Mr. Williams would approve.  I had landed them between her
knees and the top of her ass, just like he wanted. She was so exhausted by the last two, she had
quit struggling.  She just sobbed, as she hung there limply.   
    
My cock had been so hard the whole time. I thought what would Mr. Williams do?  I decided he
would fuck her in the ass as she hung there.  So I did.  I pushed my cock in her pussy a few times
to lubricate it.  Then, I grabbed her hips, and stuck my cock against her ass hole. I pulled on her
hips. 
    
What a feeling!  Me!  Bobby!  Fucking a woman's ass for the first time.  And, not just any
woman, but one of my boss' sluts who I'd just whipped. Her ass hole was so tight.  Her legs and
ass were so hot against me from the whipping. I pulled her back and forth.  Her ass quivered
around my cock. I did not even try to hold back.  I just let my balls empty themselves in her ass.    
 
After I recovered and took her down, I lay her on the bed and removed the gag. 
    
"Mr. Williams is going to be very angry with you, Bobby," she snapped. 
    
"Why?"  I was appalled.  I wanted him to be pleased.
    
"You whipped me too hard.  These stripes will be here a week from now.  He said to make them
hard enough so they would go away in twelve hours.  Remember?" 
    
"I was doing my best.  He said to be too hard rather than too light." 
    
"Well, you were way too hard!" 
    
I was devastated. I certainly hoped the stripes disappeared before Mr. Williams got back.  I was
trying so hard to please him.   
    
Tuesday and Wednesday at lunch Trudy sucked my cock in Mr. Williams office.  I held off as
long as I could to give her the best training possible. I looked at her stripes each  night when I 
slept with her at her place.  I did not whip her again, but I did not need to. The stripes were very
obvious, particularly that first one.  She told me it still hurt like hell. I could feel the welt against
me when I fucked her doggy style.
    
Wednesday the doctor called.  They were going to pierce Becky that afternoon and he wanted me
to come watch. I was so excited.  I had missed my wife.  
    
Becky was laying in the hospital room when I stuck my head in the door. She looked tired, which
surgery does to you. The sheet was pulled back so I could see her.  I could see the sutures under
her breasts where the implants had been inserted.  Her whole middle was wrapped in bandages
from the liposuction.  And her poor face.  She looked like she had butted heads with a rhino.  
Her face was black and blue with bandages across her nose.  
    
"Hello, Bobby," she said sweetly.  "I've missed you."
  
"I missed you, too."
    
I stood by the bed, holding her hand.  I was afraid to kiss her but she raised her lips to me.  It felt
so good to kiss her again.  I was surprised how different it felt after kissing Trudy for three days.
Becky was a much better kisser even with the bandages on her nose. 
    
"Becky, your breasts are so big."
    
She laughed, snorting through the bandages around her reconstructed nose.     

"Bobby, these aren't breasts.  Breasts are those little things I had before.  These are TITS!  Big
tits.  Aren't they magnificent?  I just love them.  You know, Bobby, all sluts should have big tits
like these.  Go ahead.  You can touch them, just be gentle." 
    
I stroked her breast, I mean tit. It felt so firm and tight.  
    
"Oh, that felt good.  I can tell these tits are going to need a lot of TLC from now on. From the
way the doctor and male attendants drool over them, I bet these tits will get all the loving they
need." 
    
"When will the doctor be here?" 
    
"Anytime.  How have you been?" 
    
"Fine.  I'm helping Mr. Williams train his other slut.  I've been sleeping with her everynight
since you entered the hospital." 
    
Tears burst from her eyes. 
    
"What do you mean? Do you have someone else?" 
    
"No, Becky. I'm just assisting Mr. Williams."
    
"But I don't want you to have sex with someone else," she sobbed.  "I want you to be faithful to
me." 
    
"Becky, you have other people.  Many other people." 
    
She got really angry at me.  She sat up in bed.  Fire shot from her eyes.      

"That's different.  I'm a slut.  Sluts fuck who their man wants them to fuck.  Sluts even fuck
around if it is all right with their man.  But you're my husband. You're suppose to be faithful. 
Jesus Christ, Bobby!  I can't believe you cheated on me!" 
    
"It wasn't cheating.  Mr. Williams told me to do it." 
    
"Mr. Williams told me," she said mockingly.  "Do you do everything Mr. Williams says? You
wimp!  Well, I don't give a shit what Mr. Williams says.  I'm your wife.  If you have another
woman, I'll leave you!  Do you understand me?" 
    
"You do everything Mr. Williams says," I answered defensively. 
    
"That's different.  He's a man, not a wimp.  I'm his woman.  His whorish, cock loving, hard
fucking, big titted slut!  I'll always do what he says.  But you better not touch anyone else!  I'm
warning you!"  
    
I was crushed.  I couldn't believe Becky was talking to me like that.  Why she was so upset?  I
wasn't playing around.  I was obeying Mr. Williams just like she was.  
    
I was trying to decide what to say when the doctor and two nurses came in the room. The nurses
were men and strong. They began tying my Becky to the bed. One nurse pulled her tongue out
and attached a clamp, holding the tongue tip out where he could reach it. The clamp had a bar
which fit against her mouth to keep her from pulling her tongue back.  
    
The doctor leaned over Becky and said, "Normally, we spray a little topical anesthetic and
penetrate quickly to minimize pain. But Mr. Williams wants you to feel this. So, no anesthetic
and the brad goes in real slowly. Here it is."
    
He held up the brad for her to see.  It was like a thumbtack except the top was more rounded and
had small bumps all over it.  He seized the end of her tongue in forceps and held it still.  He put
the pointed end of the brad against her tongue and pushed.
    
She screamed as blood shot everywhere.  I fainted.
    
The nurse was bending over me.  There was a cold towel on my forehead. He moved me to a
kneeling position with my head between my legs, so the blood would return to my brain.  He got
me a glass of juice. When I was stable, I stood by the bed and looked down at my Becky.  I
couldn't see the  piercing in her navel because they had replaced the bandages.  She was still tied
to the bed, wrists attached to the corners above her head, legs in a frog style with her knees
spread and tied. The rings in her pussy were clearly visible.
    
"Hurts," she mumbled, except it sounded like "herth" with the new brad in her tongue.  
    
She smiled shyly.  I decided the best thing to do was to leave and come back tomorrow.  I kissed
her goodbye and left.  But I didn't go back to the hospital until Saturday when it was time to take
her home.   
    
Becky was sitting on the edge of the hospital bed.  She was wearing a cheap, loose dress that
came to mid thigh. It has a square bodice which her tits, as she called them, overflowed.  When I
entered, she stood and put her arms around me. 
    
"Oh, Bobby. I was afraid you'd left me.  You frightened me not coming back.  Why didn't you
return my phone calls?  Please, Bobby, I don't want to lose you!"
    
"I needed to let you rest," I answered.  The truth was I was thinking over what was going on in
our lives.  That and I spent every available moment having sex with Trudy, which I really
enjoyed a lot. 
    
"I'm sorry I was nasty to you, Bobby," she murmured in my ear.   "Please forgive me, baby.
Please.  I love you so very much, and, you really are the perfect husband for me." 
    
She kissed me hard and I felt the brad against my tongue.  I was going to like that brad.  
    
"You're perfect for me, Bobby.  Not just any man could love a slut like me.  Not just any
husband would be so understanding when his slut wife fucked other men.  Please, Bobby, tell me
you'll stay with me and that I'm forgiven for being nasty to you." 
    
"Of course, I forgive you.  I love you."    
    
"Oh, Bobby.  That makes me so happy!  Please.  Take me home." 
    
I took her home, to our house.  She was glad to be in her own bed.  Saturday she slept most of the
day.  It was Sunday morning before she felt like talking again. She was sitting up as I removed
the dishes left from her breakfast in bed. 
    
"Who was the woman you were with?" she asked, her eyes locked onto me intently.  
    
I was afraid she was going to start another scene, but she seemed calm.  

"Trudy." 
    
"Trudy?  Why she is nowhere near the woman or the slut I am.  I was afraid you might have been
with someone who would make you want to leave me.  I'm not worried about Trudy," she said
smugly.
    
"You don't need to worry about anyone, Becky.  I'll never leave you."  
    
"I know that now. I really shouldn't have said anything.  If Mr. Williams told you to do it, I'm
glad you did.  But, please, Bobby, don't go chasing women.  Come to me.  I'm the best fuck you
could find anyway.  And look at the way I look.  I'm a fucker's playground now, Bobby, and
you're welcome in my sandbox any time." 
    
Becky did look like a fucker's playground, with those huge tits and that narrow waist, which
made her ass look more inviting, and with those piercings everywhere.  But it was more than that.
She had a look in her eye, a smile on her face, which said, "I want to be fucked now."
    
I thought it was strange that a woman who fucked anything was upset if her husband had another
woman.  I didn't need to understand.  I needed Becky to be happy with me.  She seemed to be
happy, happy with me, herself and Mr. Williams. I wanted to keep her that way. 
    
"I wish we could fuck, but the doctor said I'm off limits until tomorrow.  I can give you a hand
job if you want.  Maybe we can try out this new brad."
    
She had a happy smile on her face.  Her Becky smile.  The one I liked so much.  
    
"Come on. Get your clothes off and lie down.  I'll play with you." 
    
When I lay down naked on the bed, she scooted up against me.  Those huge tits rested against my
chest.  She started playing with my cock.
    
"Let me tell you about the rest of my weekend before the surgery.  That's something you always
enjoyed."
    
"I want to hear." 
    
"Where did I leave off?  Oh, I remember.  That Friday night I spent with Horse and his friends.  I
told you why they call him Horse. Good lord, that man's well hung!  Bobby, before dawn I think
I had sex with every man in that retirement home who could get it up. And a few tried and could
not do it, but most sure could.  It was really fun, you know.  Not only did I have a variety of
cocks shoved up my pussy for hours on end which any slut would like, they were a bunch of nice
guys.  Most of those men had never fucked a slut like me.  And it had been a long time since they
had fucked a woman my age. There were so grateful and sweet with me. 
    
By morning, I was exhausted.  They'd fucked me a long time and I only got a couple of hours
sleep. I bathed and changed into the clothes Mr. Williams left for me.  It was just a top and pair
of short shorts.  When Mr. Williams arrived, he was peeved to see how tired I was. I guess he
understood, however.  He took me back to his place and let me sleep the rest of the day. 
    
Oh, Bobby, I love how hard you are.  Want to come in my hand?" 
    
"Your mouth."
    
"I'll try," she said.  
    
She lowered her mouth around my cock.  I felt her tongue swishing around.  The brad felt great
on my cock.  I could feel every bump on it.  She stopped.
    
"Bobby, my tongue's still sore.  Let me use my hand." 
    
"No.  Just play with him while you finish your story." 
    
"Okay.  About six, Mr. Williams awakened me.  He led me into the shower and turned on the
water. I didn't want to get my hair wet, but he had other ideas.  And, you know, a good slut
always does what her man wants her to do. Not that I had any choice.  He shoved my head under
the shower and turned off the hot water.  God, it was cold! I was shivering, with goose bumps all
over me. It was strange. Every place his body touched me, he was so warm compared to the cold
water, it felt like I was burning from his touch. 
    
He turned the water to a normal temperature. He lifted me up so my legs were around his waist.  I
just eased down, letting that big cock of his slide up me.  Bobby, it's too bad you are not a
woman.  You're missing out on the greatest feeling in the world, having a big cock shoved up
your cunt. He fucked me there like that.  The water was flowing all over us.  He was banging my
back against the wall.  Fucking me. I started to cum, Bobby.  It wasn't a mind-blowing orgasm,
more like floating and getting electrical shocks which made me twitch and spasm on his cock.  
    
He leaned into me, trapping me against the wall with his cock still in me, and turned off the
water. He eased out and pushed me to my knees.  He stuck his cock in my mouth. I sucked him
real good. Soon, he came in my mouth, the hot cum spurting against the roof.  I swished it around
before I swallowed. He softened there as I continued to suck him.
    
Do you want to cum?"
    
"No.  But I want you to play with him a little more."
    
"You know, Bobby, you're learning to hold back better.  I'm going to like that.  Let me try
sucking him again."
    
Becky wrapped her lips around my cock again. It felt so good.  So good.  I decided to cum in her
mouth.  I held her head with both hands as I pumped my cock in her mouth and let myself go.  I
heard her slurping and swallowing as her head bobbed on my firing cock.
    
"That was nice, Bobby.  I like swallowing your cum for a change.  Sluts love cum, you know. 
Let me tell you more of my weekend.  
    
After our shower, I asked Mr. Williams what I should wear.   
    
'Just this,' he replied. 
    
He took a heavy steel chain from the drawer.  He wrapped it twice around my neck, pulled it
snug and locked it in place with a heavy padlock.  The weight felt strange and about a foot of
chain hung loose down my front so it dangled against my breasts.  
    
'That's so we'll know you are a slut and will do as you are told,'  he said. 
    
'Do I wear anything else?' I asked. 
    
'No,' Mr. Williams said.  'Tonight, some of my club members are coming over to play poker. 
You will service us, all of us.  You'll do anything anyone wants.  I also expect you to keep the
snacks and the drinks coming. Sluts like cum, Becky.  From now on, you'll eat all the cum you
can get.  If someone cums in your pussy or ass, you'll use your fingers to trap that cum and suck
it down. Do you understand?' 
    
'Yes, Mr. Williams,' I answered. 
    
'Address all the men by their last names.  I expect you to be a perfect slut with my friends,
Becky.'  
    
'Yes, sir.  You can count on me.' 
    
Well, Bobby, there I was naked except for a chain around my neck.  I was going to service the
whole poker club.  I felt so slutty.  I felt so good!"
    
I could tell Becky was excited about her weekend, about being a slut for them. She kissed me and
I could taste my cum in her mouth.  I didn't mind. 
 
"Mr. Simmons was the first to arrive.  He is a rancher and businessman. Mr. Williams and I were
both naked.  I helped Mr. Simmons undress, hanging his clothes in the closet.  He gave me a big
smile and pushed me to my knees right there in the hall. Mr. Williams just grinned.
    
I'm a slut. I knew exactly what to do.  I grabbed his cock and stuck it in my mouth and started
sucking.  He rested his hands on my head, letting me suck him.  I'm a good cock sucker, Bobby. 
I'll be the best ever someday if I'm not already.  Mr. Simmons came in my mouth. 
    
'Very well done, Becky,' he said. 'I have a present for you.'  
    
Bobby, her handed me two wine bottles.  But it wasn't wine inside them. It was a white viscous
liquid. 
    
'What is this?' I asked. 
    
'Cum.  Farm animal cum.  Horse, bull, ram, all mixed.'
    
'Cum?'
    
'Yes.  You'll drink all of it before the night is over.  I know how sluts like cum.' 
    
He was right, Bobby.  Sluts like cum.  This slut loves cum. All evening when I got them drinks, I
topped off my own glass with the cum Mr. Simmons brought me.  My lord, Bobby, I have no
idea how much cum I swallowed that night, but it was a lot. You know, that cum tasted
differently than a man's cum, but it was still very good cum. I know besides all the cum the men
gave me, I drank both bottles of the animal cum. Well, actually, some of it I rubbed all over my
face when they told me to do it.  But I drank almost all of it.
    
Do you want me to make you cum again, Bobby?  I'll swallow all of it, I promise."
    
"Just play with it, and finish your story." 
    
"I really would like some cum." 
    
"I need to buy you a dog," I said with a laugh.
    
"Bobby, that would be sweet.  Maybe two dogs.  Big dogs with big balls that hold a lot of cum." 
    
Becky laughed, but she was being serious. 
    
"Bobby, it was a wild night. I helped every man undress after he walked in the door.  I hung up
his clothes.  Then I blew him.  I fixed them drinks and got the snacks. They started playing poker. 
After I got all the drinks, Mr. Williams had me kneel on the floor by him for a while. But then he 
ordered me under the table. 
    
'Now, Becky, suck my cock. When I say switch, you move to the man on your right and suck his
cock until I say switch again. Understand?'
    
'Yes, Mr. Williams,' I said as I crawled under the table. 
    
Well, Bobby, the idea was to keep all of them hard but not let them cum, to build up their desire.
I was under that table an hour, I bet, sucking one cock, then the next.  Is that slutty or what?  Just
sucking one cock then another.  I loved it.  Of course, I could identify the men by their cocks
even if I didn't know what seat they were in. 
    
Mr. Williams told me to kneel by him again.  Oh, Bobby, my pussy was dripping juices from
sucking all those cocks.  I hadn't orgasmed and I wanted a cock in me so badly I was about to
die. But I didn't say anything. A slut does not demand, Bobby.  Not a good slut anyway.  She
waits on her man. I didn't have to wait long. 
    
Bobby, do you like hearing these stories?"
    
"Yes."
    
"Why?  Why do you like hearing about your wife fucking and sucking other men?" 
    
If Becky had asked me that question a few weeks ago, I don't know what I would have said.  But
I'd thought a lot about that.  A whole lot.  I guess seeing Becky and all the joy she was having
and my week with Trudy is what made it clear in my mind.
    
"Becky, you're a natural born, true slut.  You need to fuck and suck a lot. I would rather you be
my happy wife and a slut for other men, then unhappy like you were before. And I want us to
have a baby."
    
"But, after I'm pregnant, do you expect me to be faithful again?" 
    
"No." 
    
"That's good, Bobby, because you're correct.  I am a natural born slut. More importantly, I love
being a slut.  I love sucking cocks under the table, and having big tits, and knowing a lot of
different cocks are going to be rammed up my slimy slue. I loved being commanded and being
tied up and being whipped.  I love it, Bobby.  I just absolutely love all of it." 
    
She was smiling down at me when the doorbell rang. She jumped up and reached for her robe.
    
"Answer in the nude," I said. 
    
She gave me a slutty grin and pranced out to the door.  I wondered what was happening, but she
returned shortly with a glass in her hand. 
    
"You should have seen the deliveryman's face.  He couldn't take his eyes off my tits as I signed
the receipt." 
    
She held up a bottle of white liquid for me to see. 
    
"Look, Bobby.  Animal cum.  Mr. Simmons sent it.  Wasn't that sweet of him to do?  His note
said I would get a quart every other day.  Isn't that great?  All that cum and just for me."
    
She poured some into her glass and took a big gulp of the cum.  It left a white line above her lip
which she licked off like a cat licking cream. 
    
"All for me, unless you want some?  Do you, Bobby?  Do you want to share this cum?  I  know
you like to eat your cum from my pussy." 
    
"I don't want any.  I like seeing your orgasm, Becky.  I don't eat you to get cum." 
    
"I'm glad to hear that, Bobby.  A quart every two days is not a lot and I really don't want to
share." 
    
She turned the glass upside down and drained it into her mouth.  She stuck her finger, sliding it
around the edge of the glass to glean whatever was left.  She sucked her finger clean as I watched
her.  She lay down beside me again.  
    
"Should I go on with my story?" 
    
"Yes."
    
"Mr. Jones said, 'I'm ready to fuck the slut, but I think we should tie her up first.' 
    
'Why? She'll do anything willingly,' Mr. Williams responded.  He turned to me. 
    
'Do you need to be bound, Becky?'  
    
'No, sir.  Just tell me what you want.' 
    
'I want to whip her,' Mr. Jones said. 
    
Bobby, I know you whipped Trudy.  And Mr. Williams told me you would be whipping me each
day. Actually, I am looking forward to it.  Being whipped and then fucked is so slutty, it makes
me horny thinking about it. But, you know, I like being tied up, too. Remember when Mr.
Williams tied me to his desk and whipped me.  God, I loved it!  But I knew Mr. Williams was
trying to show his friends how eager and obedient I was. I wanted him to be proud of his slut.
They were all watching me, to see what I would do.  

So, I said it.  'You don't need to tie me up.  I'll hold still for my whipping.' 
    
Well, Bobby, they stopped playing cards and laid me face down across the table.  I reached
across the grab the table edge in my hands.  I knew I was going to have to hang on no matter
what they did to me.  Mr. Williams told me to spread my legs and hold still. 
    
'Becky,' he said. 'You can scream and cry, but you better not move your hands or feet.' 
    
I started to answer, but I got the first lick from a willow branch right across my ass. God, it hurt. 
It hurt more than the piercings. I screamed at the top of my lungs. But I didn't let go of that table.
You remember seeing the marks when I came home.  They gave me ten.  Mr. Jones, who insisted
I be whipped, was the mildest in his strokes. 
    
I was sobbing and my ass was burning. The heat was going all through me. I needed to be fucked
so badly, Bobby. God, I needed it.  That whipping made me feel so slutty and so horny I thought I
would die if I did not get fucked. They were all standing around looking at me and every cock I
could see was rock hard.
    
'Come on, you studs,' I said.  'I need to be fucked now!' 
    
That started it, Bobby.  All six of them fucked me every way they could until none of them could
get it up.  Bobby, it was my first three at one time.  It took a little maneuvering, but I did it.  And
I ate every drop of cum I could find, even the cum that oozed out of my ass hole.  It tasted
different than the other cum, I must say.  They fucked me on the table and on the floor and one
fucked me while the others held me in mid air. Fucking and fucking and fucking.  I was just
floating with orgasm after orgasm. God, I was in heaven!
    
Bobby, I'm really horny.  I can't fuck, but you are the best pussy eater in the world. Would you,
please?"
    
"I'd like to eat you, Becky.  Why don't you turn so you face my feet and work on my cock with
your mouth?"
    
"How about a titty fuck?  My tits are not as sore as the rest of me.  I was wondering, Bobby. 
Why didn't Mr. Williams have my nipples pierced?"
    
"He told me that.  You're going to be nursing babies and Mr. Williams said he'll take the milk
the baby doesn't need." 
    
"Oh, Bobby. Just think about it!  A tiny, precious, baby, my baby.  No, our baby, Bobby.  It'll  be
ours even though another man gets me pregnant.  A real man with real sperm. Yes. Our baby
nursing on these big tits.  I bet my tits get even bigger when my milk comes in. Wow.  I'll really
be huge. They are DD now, you know.  I wonder how big they'll get?" 
    
"Real big. Now, wrap those big tits around my cock, slut!" 
    
"Oh, Bobby.  I love it when you talk that way."
    
Becky jammed her pussy down over my mouth.  I felt her suck my cock to get him wet and then
slip it between those tits of hers. It was strange feeling the rings of each side of her pussy against
my cheeks.  But her pussy was a sweet tasting and good smelling as ever. I sucked and licked. 
Becky started bouncing up and down.
    
"Come on, pussy eater! Come on! I'm so close!" 
    
It was so good to hear her scream when she orgasmed.  Her pussy was jammed down hard over
my mouth with my tongue stuck up her as far as it would go.  I love eating Becky's pussy.  I felt
her relax and rest.  Then she started moving again, rubbing my cock between those big tits of
hers.  When she felt me tighten like I always do before I cum, she took my cock in her mouth and
sucked. That brad was wild on the underside of my cock.  I loved cumming in her mouth.  We
both drifted off to sleep with my sweet Becky's hot and pierced pussy in my face and my cock in
her mouth.  
    
To be continued . . . .


Comments?  

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
    
    