Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Twenty-Six: Soothing the Sexy Sisters
Summary: MF MHF FF inc oral anal DP fantasy magic
Keywords: Kurtis learns about his task, but has to soothe his worried sisters.

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Pyrriah  Ankush, The Queendom of Naith

I was feeling good as returned from the Treasure Box, eager to put Ankush behind us. Nephi strolled at my side as we moved through the crowded streets of the bustling city. There were so many people here all crammed together in so little space.

Not like the island where Kurtis, Lasla, and I had grown up. We had it all to ourselves. We didn't have to be jostled by every stranger we passed. There were too many people. It was impossible to know a fraction of them.

Just impossible.

Our next destination would be even more dangerous. Shizhuth. The naga's dark empire. As bad as the rakshasas were, the nagas were worst. It was hard to imagine. I would have to keep my wits about me, ready to use my tulwar and strange, fiery abilities to protect my family.

To protect Kurtis.

It took about an hour to reach the Ziggurat. The streets opened up until the buildings fell away in the large courtyard that surrounded the colossal building. The layers stepped up and up and up to the pinnacle where Queen Athirmi held her court. Movement flitted on the balconies as the various rakshasa royalty enjoyed the cooling air, away from the stifling heat of the bowels of that oven.

The poor slaves and servants.

How did they even build it, I wondered to Nephi. There's nothing like it in the city. It's monstrous and complicated. It must have taken skill.

I could not say, Nephi said. I'm no expert on construction. I lived in a cave for most of my life.

I smiled. True. Then my brother came along and just plucked you out of it.

Mmm, plucked is the word. Nephi shuddered. He plucked my cherry.

My brother is good at that. A smile spread on her lips. I'm surprised he didn't try anything when we were in the womb.

Nephi chuckled.

The soldiers guarding the entrance, both Naithan men in tunics and breastplates, did not say a word. They let us pass into the broiling heat of the Ziggurat. The interior never cooled off. It trapped in all the day's heat. The night did little to steal it away.

Passing slaves and servants, their near-nude bodies gleaming in sweat, paused to bow. Lasla nodded. The sort of subservience was a little much for me, but I kept marching on ahead. Nephi following after. We climbed stairs, my hand resting on the hilt of my tulwar.

The most dangerous place in the city was in these walls. Here, the rakshasa plotted and schemed to destroy each other. Sister would rip out their sister's throat. Mothers suffocate ambitious daughters. Aunts strangle nieces and nieces drown aunts. All to be the one sitting on the throne. Athirmi gained the throne by killing all her rivals.

Probably even her own mother.

That, more than any other reason, was why I wanted to leave this place behind. You could trust no one here. Not even the queen. My shoulders itched. I could feel that something was building. Some way that Queen Athirmi could use my brother. This ambassadorship was too... convenient.

We reached our rooms and slipped inside only to find the three rakshasa slaves and no one else. Princess Naryu was standing over Princess Lavhi and Pradu. Relief flashed across the swarthy woman's face.

Where are they? I demanded.

Queen Athirmi summoned your brother, sister, and mother, said Princess Naryu. I have been entrusted with the command of the two naughty slaves.

I didn't like that one bit. How long have they been gone.

An hour.

My stomach churned. Nephi, guard the door. We will wait for my brother to return.

And if he doesn't? asked Nephi.

I smiled and gripped my tulwar. That would be a mistake.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

The stairs behind the queen's throne went deeper and deeper. They spiraled as we descended into cooler and cooler air. Lasla, on my arm, didn't seem unnerved by this. Nervous, but not because of where we were going. 

When had she been down here?

My dragon-mother walked behind us, her leash in my hand. What could Queen Athirmi have lost that she needed me to recover? My shoulders itched. This was the last hoop I would jump through. The last test I would permit. I had to know if I could handle the Shizhuth Empire and the Naga, but my patience was wearing thin.

Finally, we reached the bottom. A room with several doors leading off of it. One was open showing a room full of dwarves working at tables and writing on papers or reading them. This was the bureaucracy that I had just learned about. How Naith actually functioned with such mercurial rulers.

This way, the queen said, marching to a door that Mona opened with a bow. The orange-haired werefox straightened 

A tunnel stretched out before us, lined with doors. One looked newer than the others, the wood not as faded by age, the handles bright and shiny brass instead of the duller and tarnished of the other fixtures. Tama opened this door.

Queen Athirmi swept through, her naked rump swaying. I followed after. I wasn't quite sure what the room was. It had a workbench with a book on it, a mortar and pestle, and strange glassware in strange shapes. A brass device had one resting on it with brass tubings coming out the top and leading to more glasses. The cupboards held more glassware as a collection of clay jars, wooden bowels, cloth satchel, and more. The air had an acrid, medicinal reek to it. 

What is this? I asked.

An alchemist laboratory, the queen said. The workshop of Tezzi, a bright, young gnome. My Royal Physician and Alchemist.

She was greatly prized by the queen, Tama added. Tezzi had a singular obsession with life. In preserving and cultivating it.

She has such a skill with it, Mona said, that her medicines and alchemy treatments have reduced the casualty rates of slaves. Those that have been treated too harshly by their owners have survived what should have killed them. Those mortally wounded in the arena have been salvaged. The number of stillborn and infant deaths have dropped to near non-existence.

A reduction in the number of slaves dying is a great economic boon for Naith, Tama continued. Every infant who died is an investment for the owner that did not pay off. A pregnant slave, after all, cannot work as hard, especially in her last few months. Slaves who die in the arena earn no more money. No more chance to earn the purse or even to be sold off.

In addition, her excess concoctions can be sold to merchants which bring further coin into the nation's coffers, Mona said. Her potions are bought across the world. Even in Shizhuth. Their shadow magic is useless for healing.

The nagas were experimenting with all sorts of things. Breeding trolls and other beasts. Such alchemical items would be a boon to them.

Tezzi has been a key to the economic recovery of the last five years. Her work is irreplaceable, said Mona. She picked up a book and opened it. All her notes are in a code that we do not know how to crack. She allows none to see her work. She guards her secrets with more zeal than a rich man does his strongroom.

The rebels took her in the raid? I asked even though I knew the answer to the question. It was obvious what had happened.

Soon enough, her absence will be felt throughout the Queendom, said Tama. She put her hands behind her back. We have been using the stock that Tezzi had produced before her kidnapping, but that runs out soon. This will be an economic disaster for Naith.

And for the reputation for Queen Athirmi.

I glanced at Queen Athirmi. You fear this will pull you down. That your enemies will see you as weak since you let such a valuable gnome be taken by the rebels that you have not tried to destroy.

The queen nodded, her eyes hard.

So far, all our attempts to rescue Tezzi have failed, said Mona. A grim look crossed her cute face. Even the deva we hired had failed to retrieve Tezzi. She and her team were all killed.

We had contemplated sending in Solja and Tharaka, said Tama. And then you arrived.

Wouldn't they be better to do a dangerous raid to rescue Tezzi than me? I asked.

The queen glanced at my mother then back to me. They are our last resort. If I cannot rescue Tezzi, I must kill her. I cannot let her discoveries fall into the hands of the naga. I fear the rebels plan to trade her to Shizhuth for aid and weapons. Access to shadowmancers. This could see an escalation to the plan. Tezzi is a weakness. Destroying her is one way to reassert my strength. It is just not ideal.

Of course not! gasped Lasla. If she is truly the only one that creates her miraculous cures, then we have to act. We have to save her. Killing her is insane.

I will not pay a ransom, and I will not let her miracles be used by my enemies, Queen Athirmi growled. If I have to rip her throat out myself, then I will.

So I can't fail, I said, glancing at my sister. How am I supposed to do this.

You and your mother will do it, said the queen. Come.

The queen strode out of the room, her two werefoxes trailing after. I glanced at my sister. She looked angry. Offended. I understood. Killing Tezzi to keep her secrets from being used by others. This place continued to make me feel dirty.

I followed the queen out into the tunnel. She marched to the end of it where Tama threw open another door. There was a strange contraption. It looked like a metal wagon. It sat on strange bands of metal on the ground. There were no horses connected to it. A dwarf sat on the driver seat, nodding to the queen as she settled down on one of the padded benches.

We joined her, sitting behind her and slaves. My mother was on my left, Lasla on my right. The tunnel stretched out into the dark before us, banded by what looked like pools of glowing light. Not torches. This was too steady to come from flame.

Metal ground on metal. Then steam whooshed out the sights. The wagon lurched forward. I gasped as it was slowly rolling but picking up speed. Nothing pulled us. We rolled down the metal bands that stretched out before us.

What is this? I gasped.

A dwarven cart, said Tama, turning behind to stare at me. Her slanted eyes fixed hard. It travels on rails. They use them in their mines. They built this one for the queen so she may quickly get out to her troops without having to pass through her city.

Troops?

We're heading to the barracks outside the city, Mona answered.

The air whipped by us. Lights flashed by. The cart picked up more and more speed. Lasla clutched to me while my dragon-mother chuckled. She was unfazed by this. I tried to be, but it was unnerving moving so fast. The metal clang. Steam hissed. And then we were slowing. I blinked as the cart came to a stop.

We had more stairs to climb, Queen Athirmi taking them with a feline grace, her werefoxes bounding naked behind her. All three had gorgeous asses. Lasla held onto my arm as we climbed higher and higher and then stepped out into a building. From there we were out beneath the stars. There were tents spread out in all directions. Neat and orderly.

The men who were lounging around all snapped to attention. I could feel the fear rippling through them as they realized who was marching through their camp. Some of the men had whips like they were in charge.

The slave-army of Naith, whispered my mother. The free men are the ones with the whips. The overseers.

They are not why we ware here, Tama said as we marched through more soldiers sputtering to attention from where they lounged around campfires. Taking their ease before going to bed. We're here for them.

They stepped beyond the tents to a herd of centaurs that moved about fires. There were human women with them who had a lean and dangerous grace to them. They all turned their attention at the sight of them.

Queen Athirmi commands you to assemble! shouted Mona.

These are our centaur outriders, said Tama softly as the centaurs began trotting up. Each one had a woman riding his back. The males and females make pairs or rider and mount. The females are centaurs, too, if you didn't know. Only the males breed true. Once upon a time, they used human females, but after generations, they stopped having to take fresh women since they started having daughters.

Interesting, I said, still confused about what was going on.

The two centaurs who stood at the front of their herd looked very much like the two centaurs who guarded the queen. Younger, obviously. Sons. One had a black hide and ebony skin. The other appeared to be a palomino with the same olive skin as the werefoxes. The women on their backs looked like sisters. 

They have made a name for themselves as hunters and trackers, said Mona. They hunt for runaway slaves, mostly.

Lovely, Lasla moaned.

They're going to 'hunt' my mother and me across the country, aren't they, Your Majesty.

Perceptive, the queen said.

What about me? Lasla gasped. And Pyrriah. Or Nephi. They're both skilled fighters.

You and your sister, and your other slaves, will be my prisoners. She glanced at Lasla. I'll have to hold you in the bowels of the Ziggurat, but it'll be comfortable. Your brother and mother will, regretfully, have escaped. But my best hunters will be chasing them down. They will flee to the only refugee left in Naith.

The rebels, Lasla whispered. 

And then I beg them for help to rescue my sisters, I said, my stomach churning. 

Yes, yes, that will help the rebels to trust you and take you into their confidence. The queen smiled, a wicked grin that made my skin crawled. Then you strike.

Holding my sisters would also encourage me to succeed. I didn't say this aloud, though. This was a dangerous mess I had gotten us embroiled in. If I didn't rescue the gnome, I would have to flee Ankush. Get to the Treasure Box and escape this night.

I doubted it would be this simple and... I wanted that ambassadorship. Without it, going to Shizhuth would be suicidal.

Okay, I said. When do we make our break for it.

Tomorrow, Tama said. We will have to make it look real. Their agents are all over the city. 

You bring me back Tezzi, and then you shall be free to go on your way, the queen said, smiling at me. It did not touch her eyes.

Could I trust her? Did I have a choice? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I was not happy about this. Not at all. I strode down the steps from the throne room, returned from our late-night visit to the camps. Held prisoner by the queen while my brother and step-mother went on an impossible mission. I just wanted to flee this city. I should have convinced Kurtis to run the moment the queen offered him the ambassadorship.

Now we were trapped to this insanity.

I wanted to talk to him, to voice my concerns, but we couldn't show weakness before the rakshasas. That would be fatal to us. A mistake that we would never recover from. If we couldn't stay on their good side, we were dead. There was no hope for us at all.

We entered the sweltering hallways of the Ziggurat, moving our way down to our quarters. My robes rustled about me. All my fears roiled in me. I swallowed, my hands rubbing at the cloth, my palms sweaty and clammy despite the heat around us. 

Kurtis suddenly turned and pinned me to the wall. I gasped as he ripped open the front of my robes, exposing my naked body. His mother stopped, her arms behind her, looking on with a serene expression on her face.

Kurtis, I groaned, feeling his cock throbbing hard with lust. You couldn't wait for our quarters.

No, he growled as I opened his robes. 

There was something in his voice. Something harder than normal. It must be the stress of the mission. He would be away from Pyrriah and me for days. We had never been parted from our brother. Never had to go long without his cock. Even during his training when he wasn't allowed to have sex, he was still around us.

His cock spilled out before him hard and throbbing. A shiver ran through me as he grabbed my ass. He lifted me. I wrapped my thighs around his waist as he thrust forward. His cock hit its mark. He buried to the hilt in my cunt.

I gasped, squeezing my legs about his waist as the pleasure rippled through me. It felt incredible spilling through me. This was awesome. I moaned, my face contorting from the delight of his cock filling me up. It was awesome. Just an amazing delight. 

But he didn't fuck me.

K-Kurtis? I gasped, my pussy clenching about his dick. What's wrong, Kurtis?

How did you know about the dwarves and the staircase and what was beneath the throne room.

I shuddered and guilt swirled through me. I looked down from his eyes. The queen told me.

When? He sounded stunned. When did the queen tell you about it. She even showed you, didn't she?

I nodded. The night... The night before the Test of Pain, I went to see her because I was angry that she chose Pradu. After you fell asleep, when everyone was asleep, I slipped out to speak with her.
Alone! My brother stared at me in shock. That's not safe.

Korvan went with me, I muttered, shame burning across my cheeks.

A one-eyed slave? My brother shook his head. That was so risky.

And what you're doing's not risky? I demanded, my pussy clenching down on his cock. Going to rescue this gnome is suicidal. No one else has returned.

I'm not no one. 

I know. I shivered. But I had to talk to the queen. To protect you. I know you protect Pyrriah and me, but we're your sisters. We want to protect you, too. We want to make sure you don't get yourself killed. We have children, Kurtis. We have to get back to them one day.

We will.

By doing these dangerous things? I stared at him. The arena? Letting Pradu hurt you? Now you're going to infiltrate the rebels. I'm afraid, Kurtis. That was why I was there. Fear. I didn't want you to get hurt, but... but...

I'm not going to get hurt, he said gently.

You don't know that, I whimpered. You can't possibly know what's going to happen, Kurtis. What tomorrow will bring.

We're Las's children, he said, his dick throbbing in me. We're not other people. We're demigods. We have powers. Abilities that they won't even know about. And my mother will be with me. You think that she can't protect me.

I glanced at Mother Azuliana. My step-mother smiled at me. I'll be at his side. They will not hurt him.

Dragons can die, I whispered. Dominari did. You're the last of your kind left.

He will be fine, she repeated. I did not carry him in my womb to let him die. My son has the blood of dragons in him. He has that fierceness. That doesn't come from his father. That comes from me.

I shuddered and then nodded. Okay.

Nephi and Pyrriah will protect you while I'm gone, Kurtis groaned and now he drew back. You'll be safe, all right?

You're right. I clamped my pussy down on his retreating cock. Then he thrust back into me. I gasped as he plunged deep into my cunt. 

That felt so good. I shuddered, my breasts rubbing into my brother's chest. He kissed me. His lips claimed mine as he pumped away at me with his big dick. He thrust into me over and over again. He fucked me hard. Fast.

His cock felt amazing slamming into me. I clenched down on him. I held him tight. I shuddered in his arms, his dick burying into me again and again. He plunged to the hilt in me, his balls smacking into my taint. They felt incredible.

I groaned, loving every plunge. Every last thrust of his dick into my cunt. It was spectacular. I whimpered, my face contorting from the passion. I kissed him hard, my pussy clenching down on his cock. The pleasure rushed through me.

I broke the kiss and moaned, Kurtis! Oh, yes, yes, my sexy brother!

Mmm, my hot sister. He buried deep into me. Gods damn, your pussy is wonderful.

So is your cock! I moaned, reveling in that incestuous delight.

He plunged to the hilt in my cunt again and again. My pleasure swelled and swelled. I shuddered, savoring him burying into me over and over. My pussy squeezed about him, the bliss swelling. My breasts rubbed into his chest, his curly hairs tickling my nipples.

He was so strong. The Arena had hardened him. He could do this. I had to believe it. I had to cling to that hope just as my pussy clung to his thick cock. He buried do deep into me. He knocked at my cervix. My entire pussy drank him in.

Every last bit of me reveled in having him plunge to the hilt in me. It was the best delight in the world. The union of our bodies. We were meant to be together. Meant to unite in this exciting way. I was so glad that my pussy could drink in his wonderful cock.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, I moaned as my brother fucked me. Las's big dick. Cum in me, Kurtis!

I'll flood you, he growled, plunging to the hilt in me. My pussy clung to him as he drew back. I can feel your orgasm building.

His heavy balls slapped into my taint. I feel yours, I moaned. You're going to flood me with so much cum. Just pump all that spunk into me. It'll be amazing. I want it so much. I want you spurting all that spunk into me.

Gods, yes!

My orgasm was built in harmony with his. We were feeding off each other, our senses in-tune with each other. I groaned, my cunt squeezing about his dick. The pleasure built and built in me. It was incredible. Ecstatic.

He slammed his dick into my cunt. He buried deep and hard into me. I groaned, my pussy clenching hard about him. I shuddered as he plunged to the hilt in me over and over again. He thrust into my depths with such passion. I quivered, my flesh drinking in the friction. I was so close.

So was he.

Cum in me! I moaned. Please, please, cum in me!

Gods, yes! he growled and buried to the hilt in me.

We both exploded together.

My pussy convulsed as his cum flooded into me. Spurt after spurt of jizz rushed into my snatch. It was fantastic to enjoy. I shuddered as I reveled in his jizz splashing in my pussy. It was such a wonderful treat to enjoy his spunk bathing my cervix.

I wouldn't get pregnant. I could control that, I realized. I shuddered, my pussy rippling and writhing around his dick. I shuddered, my toes curling. The rapture washed over me. It was intense. Stars burst across my vision. 

Kurtis! I moaned.

Gods, yes! he growled as he kept spurting in me.

I milked his cock. I worked out every drop of spunk in him. I groaned, the pleasure hitting that wonderful peak of rapture. I tossed my head from side to side, quivering through the bliss. A big smile spread on my lips. I panted, so glad that I could enjoy this wonderful delight. It was amazing to experience my brother's cum pumping into me.

Oh, Las's big dick, he panted, his hands squeezing my ass.

I whimpered and stared into his dark eyes. Are you still mad at me, Kurtis?

No, he said. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

This is bad, I hissed the moment my brother finished telling us his job. We were in the quarters we had commandeered from Princess Lavhi. She moaned on the floor, her vibrator humming away in her cunt. We have to make for the Treasure Box right now.

There are warships in the harbor, Nephi said. They'll sink us before we can escape. All we'll be doing is angering Queen Athirmi.

Then let's take care of the queen. My hair flared red. Me and you, Kurtis. Nephi, too. We kill her. The next rakshasa won't be such a conniving bitch.

We can't kill her, Lasla said, her voice soft. 

Why not? I whirled to her. You can't tell me you're okay with this plan!

I'm not. Lasla looked down. Kurtis fucked Queen Athirmi. He pumped his seed into her. She's carrying our niece, Pyrriah. Our flesh and blood.

I shook my head. Do you really have to breed every woman that you come across?

Yes, Kurtis said, a smug smile spreading on my twin brother's lips.

You know most of the crew of the Treasure Box are going to be useless in a few months because you bred every woman on there.

His smug smile only grew.

So you're really going to do what this bitch wants? I growled.

The queen, Kurtis said. And, yes. She's going to give me what I want, or she will regret it. What I need from you, Pyrriah, is to watch over Lasla and our slaves while our mother and I are gone. I have complete faith in you, Pyrriah. Complete.

I sighed. There's no talking you out of this, huh? It's the Arena all over again.

Yep. He smiled and then cupped my face. Our dragon-mother will be with me. We'll be fine. In two weeks, this will all be over.

He kissed me before I could object. And that was really, really unfair. Las was my father, too, and that made my pussy clench in aching need for his cock. Then our mother was there and she was leaning in to join the kiss.

I shuddered as both their arms went around me. My lips worked against theirs. Heat swept through me. This dizzying lust. I groaned as their tongues plunged into my mouth. My twin brother and mother kissed me with hunger. Their hands grabbed a butt-cheek each.

Then they pushed me back. I gasped, ending up on the divan. I shuddered as they fell to their knees. My brother and mother both pushed my legs apart. They dove their heads towards my pussy, their cheeks rubbing together. They nuzzled into my red bush and kissed at my pussy.

Las's big dick! I moaned as their lips smooched at the folds of my pussy.

Then they licked.

Yes! I gasped. Gods, that's good!

Their tongue slid up and down my slit, passing each other. They brushed my labia and clit. Pleasure swept through me with their every lick and lap at my cunt. They were being so naughty to me. I groaned and squirmed on the bed, my heart pounding in my chest. I was still afraid of them, but their licking banished my fears. I surrendered to the pleasure.

I succumbed to this passion.

My brother and mother thrust their tongues into my cunt. I gasped as they shared my twat. Their tongues danced around in me. I whimpered and moaned, my face contorting with the delight. This was incredible. I loved having them both in me.

It was like they were kissing each other in my pussy. Their tongues danced around the other while stroking my hot flesh. My cunt clenched on them, my orgasm swelling and swelling. I arched my back, flickers of red dancing across my hair.

Kurtis! I moaned. Mother! Oh, that's so good. Ooh, yes, yes, that's amazing.

You taste so good, Mistress, moaned my dragon-mother. Mmm, just yummy.

She does, my brother groaned. Gods damn, Pyrriah, you and Lasla have the best-tasting cunts in the world. I could eat either of you all day. Or just go back and forth.

Then let's do that! I moaned. 

He hesitated. I can't. I'm going in the morning. Sorry.

He suckled on my clit while Mother thrust her tongue deep into my cunt. I groaned, my body trembling. This felt so good. I shuddered, my face contorting from the delight that she churned up in me while my brother suckled. They were working together to give me such bliss. To relax me and make me explode. 

Gods, I loved them.

Their tongues felt so amazing as they licked at me They lapped and fluttered and made me shudder. I groaned as they pleasured me. My mother and brother feasted on me. I groaned, squeezing their head together with my thighs. 

Kurtis tongue dance around my clit. He swirled about it while my mother plundered my cunt. She danced around in me. I rose and rose towards my orgasm. I shuddered, trembling as the pleasure built and built.

Oh, Mother! Kurtis! I trembled as they brought me closer to my climax. You two... Gods, you two are wonderful.

They are, Lasla moaned. My sister watched us, getting her pussy eaten out by Pradu. The former slave-mistress devoured Lasla with hunger. Oh, they are going to make you explode.

Already, the light flickered in my red hair. I groaned as I squirmed on the divan, my pussy on fire. My mother's tongue only stoked the flames. She plundered my cunt, licking at me. I whimpered while my brother suckled hard at my clit.

He nursed on my bud. He suckled on me with hunger. I shuddered, my round breasts jiggling. I swelled to my orgasm. There was no stopping it. I groaned, my face contorting with bliss. This felt so amazing. 

Oh, my Gods, I moaned. Kurtis! Mother! Las's big dick, yes!

I climaxed.

My pussy convulsed. Juices gushed out of me. A flood of them splashed into their mouths. They licked and lapped at me as the rapture rushed through me. Incestuous ecstasy spilled over my thoughts. Stars burst across my vision.

I groaned, my toes curling. It was a fascinating time. I shuddered, my toes curling. I tossed my head, my face contorting with delight. Their tongues licked at me. Lapped at me. They drank my passion.

I groaned as my orgasm died.

She wants more, Kurtis said, lifting his face.

Mmm, I bet she does. Mother licked her lips coated in my cream. Her sapphire eyes sparkled. A cock in each of her holes.

Which ones? Kurtis asked. You got a brother-cock and a mother-dick to love. Which one do you want in which hole.

I shuddered. Mother-dick in my pussy and brother-cock in my ass. I want the biggest dick reaming my asshole.

My brother grinned. Then you'll get it.

I shuddered as Mother stretched out on her back. Her large breasts jiggled. They were such gorgeous tits. Her gold chastity belt vanished. From the hairless folds of her pussy, her hermaphrodite-cock sprouted. Her clit thrust up pink and throbbing. The swelling shaft faded to the pale-huge of her skin. She was lighter than my brothers and Lasla. 

I threw my leg over her and grabbed her big boobs. I squeezed my mother's tits. She groaned, her face contorting. My digits dug into her breasts. I shook them, loving how they rippled as I lowered my cunt to her cock.

I see why you wanted me to fuck your ass, Kurtis said. I don't have big boobs for you to play with. 

Nope! I said. But you do have a big dick to fuck my asshole with.

I do, my brother said with complete delight. And I'm going to pound that tight asshole of yours. You're going to gasp and moan and cum hard on me.

Yes, I am, I moaned, excitement shooting through me.

I impaled my pussy down my mother's hermaphrodite-dick. She gasped as I swallowed her shaft. I shuddered, loving the feel of her in my pussy. This was such a wicked delight. I loved having a dragon for a mother. It came with such naughty perks.

Then my brother slid his cock into my butt-crack. I smiled as he went lower and lower until he found my asshole. He pushed against my anal ring, his hands sliding around my sides. He grasped my breasts as my sphincter surrendered to his cock.

He popped into my bowels. 

Las's big dick! I moaned as he sank into my asshole. His cock went deeper and deeper into my bowels. I shuddered as he did that. I loved every moment of his dick sliding further and further into my bowels. Oh, Kurtis.

My sweet Pyrriah, he growled, squeezing my breasts.

He bottomed out on me. I had both their cocks in me. I groaned and then squeezed my holes on their dicks. I shuddered, savoring this moment. My fingers kneaded my mother's tits as my brother played with mine. It was wonderful.

I flexed my thighs and lifted my cunt up my mother's hermaphrodite-dick. Her thick shaft massaged my pussy walls. My brother drew back his hips a heartbeat later. His cock withdrew from my bowels. The dual stimulation was incredible. Silky and velvety frictions burned in me.

I moaned and impaled my cunt down my mother's cock again. I rode her, my pussy clinging to her shaft. At the same time, my brother fucked me. He pounded my asshole with his cock. He buried hard into me. Fast. He plunged into me with powerful strokes. I loved what he did to me. I squeezed down on him, groaning with his every plunge into me.

Oh, yes, yes! I moaned, savoring them fucking me. Ooh, this is incredible. I'm such a lucky girl.

Demigoddess, my brother groaned, slamming his dick into my asshole. You're a demigoddess. Daughter of Las and a dragon.

Yes, Pyrriah, Mother groaned, her clit-dick throbbing in my cunt. Her face contorted. Oh, you're my beautiful daughter, Pyrriah. So strong.

I drank in their words and their frictions of their cocks. I slammed my cunt down my mother's dick while my brother pumped his big shaft in and out of my bowels. I shuddered, my red hair flicking with fiery light.

I rose and rose towards my orgasm. I came closer and closer as I reveled in the feel of their cocks. They had such big ones. They filled up my holes. I was made to be fucked by these two dicks. To love my family.

I glanced at Lasla watching us with her dark eyes while Pradu devoured her cunt. My sister smiled at me.

I smiled back. Then groaned as Kurtis's cock slammed into my bowels. He buried to the hilt in me. It was incredible. He buried deep and hard into my bowels. Every thrust sent more pleasure melting to my cunt squeezing about my mother's cock.

I groaned, my brother's fingers pinching my nipples. He squeezed them. Loved them. I shuddered at how he played with them. The pleasure rippled through my body. I groaned, squeezing my cunt down on Mother's cock. My pussy melted around her, fed by the heat from my bowels.

Kurtis moaned with his every thrust into me. His balls smacked into my flesh. They were full of the cum that would fire into me. He twisted my nipples. Pleasure shot down to my cunt. I moaned, my digits digging into my mother's breasts.

Oh, Pyrriah, Mother moaned. Matar's big dick, your pussy feels so good on my cock.

Gods, so does your ass! my brother grunted, slamming hard into me.

Cum in them! Lasla moaned.

Oh, we will! promised my brother, tweaking my nipples.

Yes! I gasped, my holes melting around them. I was so close to cumming. So close to bursting with pleasure. I shuddered, my thighs flexing as I rode my mother faster. I squeezed my twat around her hermaphrodite-dick. I want you to cum in me. Both of you!

Gods, yes! growled my brother, burying his dick into my bowels.

His shaft stretched me out every time he buried into me. I groaned, my holes stuffed with their dicks. It was so hot having their cocks filling me up. My hair burned brighter. I was almost there. Just a few more strokes.

My brother groaned, pounding me hard. He knew I was close to my orgasm. My fingers dug into my mother's tits. I played with them as my face contorted with delight. This was so incredible. Lasla moaned into the background.

Pradu, yes, yes, you whore-slave! my sister moaned. Drink my cream.

Cum like Lasla! Kurtis groaned, burying hard into me.

Yes, yes, I want to feel my sexy daughter's pussy writhing around my girl-dick! Mother moaned, her blue eyes shining up at me.

Yes, I moaned, wanting that, too.

I slammed my cunt down my dragon-mother's dick. She gasped, her boobs jiggling in my hand. I groaned at the silky friction feeding my orgasm. My broiler's cock rammed into my bowels, his hand squeezing my tits. It was too much.

I arched my back into his strong chest and cried out in rapture. I came.

My pussy and asshole spasmed around their incestuous cocks. My holes reveled in our forbidden love. Rapture washed out of me. My red hair burned bright, glowing with my own inner fire. I bucked and groaned, my holes suckling at their dicks.

Oh, Matar's big dick! moaned Mother. Your cunt, Pyrriah! Yes!

Her cum fired into my cock. Spurt after spurt of her jizz flooded into me. I groaned, savoring that cum basting my snatch. It was incredible. My pussy writhed around her hermaphrodite-dick. I shuddered as Kurtis pumped away at my bowels.

He buried his dick hard into me. He slammed to the hilt in me, his hands squeezing my tits. I groaned, my bowels suckling at his cock while my cunt milked my mother's spurting girl-shaft. My brother moaned. 

Las's big dick!

He erupted.

It was incredible to have my mother and brother firing their cum into my holes. Spurt after spurt of jizz flooded into me. It was fantastic. I groaned and trembled, the rapture surging through me. My head tossed from side to side. The pleasure burned through me.

I groaned, my head tossing from right to left. The pleasure blazed through my body. I groaned, savoring this ecstasy. Stars danced before me as their incestuous seed pumped into my hole. I moaned out my joy.

Oh, yes, yes, I gasped. I love you both!

Pyrriah! my brother groaned, his hands kneading my tits. Oh, Pyrriah. You're going to keep Lasla safe for me.

I will! I moaned, my bowels milking his cock dry. He fired the last of his cum into my bowels. I will protect her. I quivered through my orgasm. Trust me, Kurtis.

I do, he groaned, holding me tight. I truly do. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

The cell we were kept in was at least large. 

For three days, we had lived in the bowels of the Ziggurat. The tunnels beneath where the dwarves worked. And guarded us. The queen wanted this to be as believable as possible, so we had been in here for two days. Oh, they fed us and gave us buckets to wash. We had beds. It was comfortable and cramped.

Nephi and Pradu spent a great deal of time pacing. Pyrriah looked like she wanted to join them half the time. Lavhi didn't care about anything. We had really broken her. Naryu was like me, spending a lot of time just lying around in a malaise.

I knew it was just an act. We had to cell this to the rebels so that Kurtis had a chance, but that didn't make it any less hard for us. We were still in prison. Bars lined one of our four walls. Bars that Nephi kept leaning against, her naked rump wiggling. 

She could probably rip them off if she wanted, but we had a role to play. 

A sucky role.

Kurtis's was way, way, way more dangerous. I had to remember that. Every time I got annoyed being here, I reminded myself that my brother and step-mother were risking their lives. They were in danger. It wasn't like I was alone. I had my family. 

Most of them.

I thought about my daughters a lot. All four of them. And my nieces. They were all back on our home island. I hoped they were all doing well. My mother would be watching over them, along with our half-sisters. The mermaids were there, too. Probably teaching our kids how to swim in the lagoon. 

I missed them so much. My heart ached for them. I hugged the pillow to me, wanting to just be back there. I closed my eyes to imagine the white sands and warm sun and shady palm trees. The pool of water by the grotto. The

The cell door opened. The queen wants to see you, Lasla.

I blinked and sat up. My stomach sank. Okay. I had to show that I wasn't afraid. Just me?

Just you, the dwarf guard said. Let's go. 

She's not going along! Pyrriah glared at the dwarf. I'll go with my sister.

The dwarf shook his head. The queen said her. Then it will only be her. Do not interfere.

It's fine, I told my sister, putting a hand on her. I'll be fine. The queen likes me.

That's what worries me, muttered my redheaded sister. Kurtis told me to protect you.

And you are. I smiled at her. Don't worry about this. I really will be fine. I promise.

She sighed and nodded. 

My stomach twisting, I stepped out the open cell door. The dwarf marched ahead. I followed, my back straight. I was in charge. I was Kurtis's sister. A demigoddess. I wasn't helpless. I would face the queen without flinching.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Foothills of Ostol Mountains

After three days of hard riding, I was sick of horses.

We were in the foothills. The Purple Nipple, as the tall peak was known, thrust into the sky like a fat nub waiting for a giant to suckle on. Azkobez Hold lay beneath it. We just had to make it there. Mother rode on the horse beside me, hunched low.

An arrow hissed down between us. My shoulders crawled. The centaurs with their sister-riders thundered behind us. The archers had to make it look good, but that arrow had come far, far, far too close to hitting my mother or me.

Another one slashed down. I glanced ahead at the canyon we were about to run into. I hoped the rebels were watching. This better work. I heeled my horse faster. Black slashed down before me, the arrow bursting on the stone. My horse neighed.

Gods, this better work! I growled as my mother and I plunged into the canyon.
 
To be continued...
