Wearing only my bathrobe, I wandered into the kitchen and over to the counter. I got together the fixings for coffee, assembled them, and got the coffee maker going. I'd just flipped the switch to turn it on when I heard footsteps coming down the hall. I turned and watched Didi, a young woman who occasionally spends the night at my house, wander into the kitchen. She was wearing one of my dress shirts. Her short red hair was tousled, and her well- shaped bare legs showed below the shirt which, because she was so short, came to a spot about halfway down her thighs.
The shirt would have come lower, but Didi's breasts, which would have been big on any woman, but looked gigantic on her tiny form, shortened it a little. As I watched, she put her hands behind her head, stretched, and yawned. It was Monday morning. She and I had, as we occasionally do, spent the weekend together.
"Good morning," I said.
"Good morning," she replied. "I like it better when you come over to my house for the weekend. That way I don't have to get up so early to get to work."
I smiled and shook my head. "Next time, I'll come to your house, I promise," I told her.
Didi smiled at me and, in that tiny voice of hers, said, "You better."
"Coffee will be ready in a little bit," I said.
Didi gave me a funny smile, then she hopped up so she was sitting on the kitchen table. "Come here," she said softly, holding her arms out to me.
I walked across the room and, when I reached her, I bent and gave her a "good morning" kiss. When our lips joined, I felt her hands moving to the belt that held my bathrobe shut and opening it. Her tongue slid into my mouth and her fingers wrapped around my cock, which had begun to stiffen the minute my lips met hers.
"Oh, wow!" she exclaimed, grinning, when our kiss ended. She continued to stroke my cock, which now had swollen to full erection. "You going to give this to me?"
"You want it, you got it!" I said. I stepped between her legs and pulled up the shirt she was wearing. There was nothing under it, which left her opening exposed to me. She grabbed my erection in my hand and guided it into her. I'd made love with Didi in so many wild places, it was almost mundane to be making love with her on the kitchen table.
"Is...this what...you...wanted?" I grunted as I drove urgently into her, feeling the warmth of her tight cavern engulfing me, glorying in the tightness I'd come to relish so much in the eighteen months I'd been seeing her.
"It's exactly what I wanted," Didi replied, wrapping her legs around me and thrusting against me.
I kept slamming into her, making her bottom slide back and forth on the slick table top. I grabbed her hips and pulled her against me. I could hear her gasp every time I drove into her, then I felt her stiffen and her legs tightened.
"Ahh! Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh! Ahh! Ahh!" Didi moaned, "I'm coming! Oh, damn, I'm coming! Aahh! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Ahh!" Paroxysms of ecstasy shook her. Desperately, she clutched me and squirmed as she experienced what felt like a powerful orgasm.
I felt Didi's hot cave begin to pulse, then my insides - which were coiled tightly with need - uncoiled. My hot fluids flowed up from inside me and spewed into Didi's hot sleeve. "Oh! Didi! Didi!" I cried. I squeezed her ass, pulling her against me. "Yes! Yes!"
When we finished, we stayed as we were for a few minutes, clinging to each other, barely able to breathe, overwhelmed by the intensity the experience we had just shared.
Didi was the first to move. She leaned back, looked at me, and smiled. "That was awesome!" she gasped, still breathless.
"It was, wasn't it?" I agreed. "Damn, woman, you sure do have a powerful effect on me."
"I kinda like that," Didi giggled. "That coffee ready yet?"
"Ah, yeah...it...it ought to be," I replied. I stepped back and belted my robe back around me. Didi slipped off the table and my shirt dropped, covering again.
I started for the counter to get us some coffee when a knock sounded at my back door. I turned and smiled at my adorable companion. "Whoever that is has a good sense of timing," I said.
"Yeah, they sure do," Didi replied, giggling. "It's a good thing they didn't show up five minutes earlier, isn't it?"
"I guess," I said. I took a detour to the door and opened it.
Standing on my back porch was a short, stocky, balding man. He had on a threadbare gray suit and white shirt. His maroon and blue striped tie hung loose and the top button of his shirt was undone. His name is Roscoe Garth. He's a retired cop and good friend. By the way, my name is Mike Torrance. I was a cop for ten years, but I quit to pursue a writing career. Roscoe retired five years ago and opened a private detective agency. I occasionally do work for him, and he stops at my house a lot to discuss cases. I wondered why he was stopping by today.
"Good morning, Roscoe," I said. "What brings you over here so early?"
"Got to go see someone near here about a bodyguard job a little later this morning," he said, walking into my kitchen. His eyes widened and a smile formed on his face when he saw Didi. "Morning, Didi," he said.
"Hi, Roscoe," Didi replied. She sat down in a chair at the kitchen table.
They knew each other because it wasn't the first time they'd bumped into each other in my house. In fact, Roscoe was familiar with most of the women I've been keeping company with since my divorce. I sometimes think he drops by to see them, not me.
I got three mugs out of the cabinet, poured coffee into all of them, and carried the cups to the table, where Roscoe had made himself comfortable. I set them down, then sat down.
"Bodyguard work, huh?" I said. "You figure you're going to need me?"
Roscoe took a sip of his coffee, then he shrugged. "Won't know until I talk to the guy who's hiring me," he said. "Got the call from a lawyer name of Bergman. He wouldn't tell me who the client is, just that she's being stalked and wants full-time protection."
"What about the cops?" Didi asked. "If this lady's being stalked, why don't they do something about it?"
"Don't know the answer to that, honey," Roscoe said. He drank some more of his coffee. "Probably they don't have the manpower to provide this lady with round the clock protection."
"People don't understand," I added. "When you're being stalked, it's the only case you know about. In a city the size of Jamestown, I bet the police department has a hundred or more stalking cases they need to work on. And they maybe have one or two detectives to work them."
"Oh," Didi said. She sipped some of her coffee.
"If it looks like I'm going to need you, are you available?" Roscoe asked me.
"As of right now I am," I said. "Just so I have enough time off to finish some articles I'm working on."
"No problem," he said. "If this lady wants twenty-four hour protection, I'm gonna have to use three, maybe four guys minimum. I promise not to make you work more than eight hours at a stretch."
"You're such a kind, thoughtful boss," I said.
"Yeah, sure," Roscoe said. He shoved his chair back from the table and stood up. "Gotta go," he said. "You be around later if I need to talk with you about this job?"
"As far as I know I'll be," I said. "If I'm not here, you know my cell phone and pager numbers."
Roscoe laughed. "Yeah, I sure do, don't I? he replied. "Thanks for the coffee. Nice seeing you again, Didi." He shambled across the kitchen to the back door and left.
"You think he's going to need to use you?" Didi asked after Roscoe left.
I shrugged. "Could be," I said. "Providing protection for someone around the clock takes a lot of manpower, and isn't cheap. I hope whoever's hiring him has a fat bank account."
"Must be nice to have that kind of money," Didi said. She finished her coffee, then stood up. "I think I'm going to take a shower, then you can take me out to breakfast and drive me to work."
"Sounds good to me," I said. She worked for one of the airlines and was based at the local airport. I'd picked her up there after work the day before. I watched her walk out of the kitchen, drained my cup of coffee, then went to join her in the shower.
I opened the shower door. Didi turned and a smile formed on her face. "I was wondering if you were going to take a shower with me," she said. Droplets of water glistened like jewels on her pale skin.
"You know I wouldn't miss a chance to do that," I replied.
"Come on in, the water's fine" Didi said. She reached for the soap and when she did her magnificent breasts, which I so enjoyed fondling and sucking, moved delightfully. It caused an immediate reaction in the area of my groin. My penis again began to grow stiff.
When she straightened, I took the washcloth from her. "Let me do that," I said.
Didi grinned. "I'd love it if you did." She glanced down, saw my erect cock, her eyes widened, and she giggled. "Oh, good. Something's come up. I hope I'm not gonna be late for work."
"We have plenty of time," I said. I lathered the cloth and began washing her, paying very careful attention to her breasts. Her nipples - large and succulent when she's aroused - rapidly grew firm and poked through the white suds that covered her chest like little fingers.
"I..." Didi stammered. She leaned against me and clutched my arm, "I...Ahh!...don't stop. Ah! Uh! God! You know just how to do that, don't you?"
I bent and covered her lips with mine. Her mouth opened, her arms slid around me, and our tongues dueled. Her wet body pressed against mine, trapping my rigid cock against her soft belly. I slid the washcloth down her back and cupped her bottom.
When the kiss ended, Didi took the washcloth from me. "My turn," she said softly, took the soap, and got the cloth even more full of lather than I had it. Then she wrapped the suds-covered cloth around my rigid cock and washed it more thoroughly than it had ever been washed before. By the time she finished, my legs were shaking and I felt as if I was going to come any second.
"Damn, Didi, if you keep that up," I gasped, "I'm going to come in your hand! You can't imagine how good that feels!"
"I sure don't want to waste any of that hot stuff of yours," Didi murmured. She continued sliding the slippery cloth up and down on my erect member. "Why don't you do something with this that will make us both happy?" She gave my cock a squeeze, then she released me, turned her back to me, and bent over. I didn't need to be told what she wanted. I centered my cock on her opening and drove into her.
"Yes! Oh, damn, yes!" Didi hissed as my shaft plunged into her.
Fighting for control, I slid my cock in and out of her tight pussy. It felt wonderful! "I...Oh, God! I'm not sure how long I can keep doing this!" I said. "Jesus, do you ever feel good!" I leaned forward, and grasped her dancing breasts in my hands.
She groaned and pressed back, trying to take me deeper into her. "I...I'm not going to be able to wait, either!" she murmured. Then her body stiffened and began to tremble. "Now! Now! Now! Ahhh!" Her body began bucking against mine when a powerful orgasm roared through her.
The rhythmic spasming of her cunt was more than I could take. Clutching her spongy breasts, I exploded into her, moaning with joy as I did. "Unnhh!" I bawled. Torrents of hot come jetted into her.
It was a while before either of us could stand alone. When we at last were under control, Didi turned, moved against me, put her arms around me, and laid her head on my chest. "You are incredible!" she murmured. "I...I don't know what it is, but I can't get enough of you. You touch me and I want you!"
"I feel the same way," I told her. "You are a very remarkable young lady."
She looked at me and smiled. "You know, we ought to get out of the shower before we wrinkle," she giggled. "And I do have to get to work.
We did, playfully toweling each other dry. While she finished doing all the things women have to do, I got dressed. When she was ready, we left the house, got in my car, and headed for the airport.
"I almost forgot," Didi said as I drove down the street. "Jill, down at the health club, wants you to give her a call."
I'd seen Jill Thompson once before and wound up meeting Didi the same night. "Do you know what she wants to talk to me about?" I asked.
"I'm not sure," Didi replied. "The last time I was in, I was saying something to one of the other girls about how a guy I'm going out with is a private investigator and Jill overheard me. She asked me to tell you to call her about doing some work for her."
"She know that she's responsible for our meeting?" I asked, grinning.
Didi giggled. "No way!"
"I'll give her a call after I drop you off," I said.
"You gonna try to get in her pants?" Didi asked.
"Would you mind if I did?" I asked. Didi and I didn't have an exclusive relationship. She'd broken up with the guy she was living with when she and I met, but we weren't a couple. Mostly we were two people who enjoyed each other's company and who really enjoyed the sex we share.
"I don't care what you do," my companion replied. She giggled. "If she goes at you like she did those two guys I saw her with in the guys' locker room that time, you'll be walking funny for a week."
"What makes you think I'll be the one walking funny?" I replied.
"I hadn't thought about it that way," Didi chuckled. "Maybe you're right."
I pulled up to the front gate of the airport building, stopped, put the car in "Park," and turned to look at Didi.
She leaned over and kissed me. "When will I see you again?" she asked.
"I guess that's up to you," I said. "And it might depend on what your friend at the health club has in mind for me, too."
"Why don't we try to get together next weekend?" Didi said. She grinned. "At my place this time."
"Sounds OK to me," I said. "I'll give you a call later in the week."
Didi gave me a soft kiss on the cheek. "Thanks for a wonderful weekend," she said. She slid out of the car and walked into the building. I put the car in "Drive" and headed for my house.