Brayden's First Brown Room Adventure
Part 4

By Antonio Green
Auto42376091@hushmail.com

(Mb (multi), bb (multi), incest, scat, ws, B&D, enema, drugs)

From Part 3
Deandre's father looked back at me and smiled.

"I had a different idea for my shit, young man. But you are welcome to that one piece but no more."

I mashed the ball around in my mouth for a couple of minutes, softening it even more. Part of me wanted to swallow it whole, but I didn't want to choke on it so I started chewing. Now that was a first for me! I'd never actually chewed up a solid piece of shit. I guessed I really was a poop-loving little shit-eating faggot. And proud of it! I chewed and swallowed everything in my mouth. There really wasn't that much, but I wanted more. 

Marcus moved off me, Gavin still attached by the man's big, black hose. Almost everyone stood around me at that point. Everyone except Scout Master Tim who was manning the cameras and Gavin's daddy who was still up inside me. And there was one other person standing there, someone who must have come in without me seeing him. Scout Master Chris!

Now onto Part 4

"Brayden, I hope you know how much I love you," he said. "However scat play isn't really my thing. But I could tell from the monitors in the viewing room how much you love it. So, I don't want to get any on me, but I have a birthday present for you."

Scout Master Chris pulled a huge, clear plastic bag stuffed full of poop. Some were hard looking turds, some was really soft looking. And everything in between. 

"This is Markie's, David's, Donnie's, Taylor's and mine from the past week. Plus all the scouts and scout masters while they were here. We have a special way to keep it cold and then warming it up when it's ready to use. In that way, it's like it just came out of someone's asshole. It's a special present for my special shit boy."

Markie, David, and Donnie. The three boy whores who were with me during my first pain lessons. I loved them as much as anything. And Taylor, Scout Master Chris's son with the weird, skinny long dick. And Scout Master Chris. The only thing that would have been better would be to have them here right now. But I'd never told them I was a poopoo freak, so I wasn't sure if they'd want to be. Scout Master Chris seemed to read my mind like he could do all the time.

"The boys would have loved to be here with you today, but they're all at an important client's ranch. Have to keep the rancher, the ranch hands, and the animals happy, you know."

"Me, Daddy! Me, Daddy!" Gavin was calling out, almost in tears. "Let me do it!"

I wasn't sure what they would be doing but the little seven-year really wanted to be the one to do it.

"There's enough for all of you," his father responded. "But don't you and Daniel have something to give Brayden first?"

"YAY! Yeth, Daddy." Marcus moved so that Gavin--still firmly attached to his cock--was right next to my face. Daniel--still attached to his daddy, stood next to them. 

"Open your mouth, poopoo baby," Daniel said. As soon as I did, Marcus pulled Gavin off his cock abruptly. Gavin screamed. The sudden removal of the huge cock pulled pink rectal tissue out with it. As soon as Marcus's cock was out of the screaming little boy, Gavin's hole began releasing its contents. Marcus dangled the piss and poop spewing hole inches over my mouth. It came out so fast I had to squint my eyes to keep it out. But I kept my mouth open and caught as much as I could. That wasn't one fourth of what Gavin had to give because it was spraying so wildly. 

I wished I could drink it all. I loved the salty, poopy taste. But I probably would have drowned if Marcus had put him right on my mouth. Marcus must have pissed a ton in the little guy, but finally it stopped. I licked Gavin's hole clean of the few poop smears that stuck to it. Marcus put the tyke down and Gavin ran to his daddy.

"Me now, Daddy. You fuck me now. Pwease."

"Right after Daniel and Deandre feed Brayden. Okay, dear?"

Daniel was already in place, his asshole, puffier and more bruised than when I first saw it, perched right over my mouth.

"I won't let it out as fast, Braydie. Try to drink it all."

Daniel lowered the final inches until my mouth sealed tightly around his hole. Mouth open, I pushed hard on his tummy. He rewarded me with a quick gush of wet, chocolate-poopy piss. He had far better control of his hole than Gavin, so he was able to get most of it into my mouth and down into my gullet. Except for one time. Right after feeding me a normal sized poopy-pee squirt he giggled then pressed his ass as hard against my mouth as he could and let go a flood. There was so much that I couldn't keep up with it. It flowed freely from my nose, but his cheeks and hole were sealed so tightly, nothing escaped my mouth. Still sealed to him, I sneezed, spraying his peepee-poopoo-caca mixture out my nose. He stopped just in time to keep me from throwing up. After letting my throat and nose come back to something like normal, Daniel finished feeding me carefully so I could swallow most of it.

My stomach was bloated with piss, nasty, stinking peepee-poopoo piss. I didn't know if I could take much more piss or shit. Then Daniel moved off me and Deandre took his place. He squatted about a foot above my mouth.

"Open wide, pretty white boy," he said. "You ever felched before?" 

I shook my head. I had no idea what he was talking about. But being a good whore boy, I opened wide. I expected that maybe felching was drinking pee from a butt hole like I'd just done. I watched with interest as Deandre strained. A loud fart erupted from his quivering hole. A little fishy smelling. Then a long, thick, light brown strand oozed from his hole and dripped directly into my mouth. I closed my mouth quickly to savor the taste. So this was felching: eating cum from a fucked asshole. I loved it and loved the taste of Scout Master Tim's cum mixed with Deandre's ass juices. Yummer. Yummers. 

Another fart, this one a gurgler and a larger, wetter wad of poopy cum drooled from Deandre's hole. I was so busy enjoying the first taste that I hadn't opened my mouth again. This wad spread over my nose, mouth, and chin. Not wanting to miss a drop, I opened my mouth once again and began scraping it into my mouth. 

Yet another gurgly fart and even more felch drooled into my mouth. I couldn't believe how much was oozing from Deandre's puffy, brown hole. Then I remembered whose it was. Scout Master Tim always delivered a good amount of jizz when he came. So I was able to enjoy even more. Finally, Deandre seemed to relax and the gooey present stopped. Then he grunted. His hole opened up and a spray of mucousy, very wet poo erupted from the hole, completely covering my face in its stench.

"That's what we call fuck-poop, Braydie," Daniel informed me from the side. "You ever been fucked and then it's diarrhea time? Doesn't happen with us much, but I guess Scout Master Tim must really jiggled Deandre's insides when he fucked him."

I giggled. "Yeah. A couple of times with this one client. I had to run to the pot or I'd a shit all over him."

"Shame to waste it," Deandre said, and let go another spate of post-fuck diarrhea all over my face.

"Bwayden's too pwetty to be all poopy faced," Gavin said. He kissed my poop covered lips, sucking the diarrhea off. Licked a few swipes off my cheeks, then began wiping it away with his HAIR. With his beautiful, long, girly red hair. As he did, his daddy came up behind him--his dick well-caca-smeared--and rammed it up the boy's hole. 

"YOW!" Gavin screamed and jerked in pained surprise. "Owie, Daddy. Owie. Owie. Make it owie in me moh hahdeh."

Then it struck me. Gavin's daddy had been firmly planted in my hole and now he was in his son's. I'd lost track of my own anus in the last few minutes. I glanced down. Scout Master Nick was kneeling at my hole, the two longer pieces of Marcus's light brown poop nestled in one palm. His other hand was down between my legs.

"Gavin's father plugged you before he moved away," Scout Master Nick said. "I'm going to unplug you. Try to keep everything in you. It's going to be hard, Brayden. But you're a good Boy Slut Scout and a good little boy whore, so I know you can do it."

I expected my unplugging to be rough, but Scout Master Nick took his time and slowly eased the plug out. As its tapered length eased out of me, I squeezed my poopoo hole as tight around it as I could. My poor hole! It had had its share of pounding today so it hurt to squeeze it. But I like hurt stuff and this wasn't anything compared to what I.d enjoyed just a couple of days earlier from my Uncle Tony and four of his buddies.

Finally the butt plug eased out. Just a tiny bit of the pee inside my pooper leaked out, just enough to wet my crack.

"You're a good boy, Brayden," Scout Master Nick said. "You didn't lose much at all. How you feel in there?"&#8232;
"Full," I answered. "Really full and sloshy. But I can still take your cock in there. I want it. Put it in me, okay?"

"In a few minutes, but we got other things for you first."

Other things? What could he mean? Then I could feel him pushing something soft and firm at the same time into my hole. I lifted my head to look. The smaller of the two remaining pieces on Marcus's light brown poop. He was slowly slipping its 4 inches into me to join Gavin's monster turd and all the piss inside me. It was pretty wide, but I'd had a lot of wide stuff inside me including some magnificently wide cocks. So it felt good stretching open my poo hole but it didn't hurt at all (damn it!) 

When Scout Master Chris pushed it all the way in, I could feel my hole close around his finger which he kept inside me for a moment, wiggling it around.

"Fuck man, you're totally pissy in there. Before this is over, I so fucking want a taste." 

As he pulled his finger out, not a drop! I kept everything in. Then he began pushing the larger, slightly thicker piece of Marcus poop into my hole, I laid my head down and closed my eyes to enjoy the slow expansion of my hole as it entered. I stunk something awful and I loved the stink. Pee. Poop. Cum. As I lay in my dreaminess, a pair of hands touched my tummy. Then another touched my chest. And another pair touched my lower abdomen. Warm. Sticky. Even stinkier. The hands rubbed all over me, spreading the stinky stickiness around. One of the hands started rubbing all over my neck and face. And now my legs as the thick, soft, firm Marcus turd was slowly pushed into me. Finally, the six or seven inch piece of shit popped in, but it wasn't pushed in by Scout Master Nick's finger. It was pushed in by something thicker, much thicker. I was overcome with all the new feelings, new excitement so I had to look. I opened my eyes and lifted my head. As I thought, Scout Master Nick was pushing the poop pice into my asshole with his cock. I was being double fucked as it were by a man's cock and another man's turd. My gut was so full of piss, cock, poop, and cum. I cramped for an instant, then the feeling passed and I was overcome with an incredibly powerful need to cum.

I looked to my left. Daniel was kneeling beside me, smearing poo from the large clear plastic bag Scout Master Chris had brought. Smearing it on my lower abdomen with one hand--avoiding my iron hard dickie--on on my chest with the other hand. Gavin went back and forth painting my tummy and then smearing the mess on himself: face, chest, tummy, dickie. Deandre was doing my chest and face and neck. And every so often, he'd reach over and spread the thick brown mess on Daniel's body, on his face, nipples, hard hard super fucking stinking hard twelve year old cocklet. Then Daniel would return the favor to Deandre. Or to Gavin.

"There's so fucking much shit," my 12-year old host proclaimed. "We've never, ever had this much to play with before. It's fucking awesome! Hey, Braydie. How you like being a total poopoo baby. You're gonna be darker than Deandre even!" 

Then he started laughing and couldn't stop. The laughter was catching. Deandre began then Gavin, all laughing at my being painted with massive quantities of poop. Poopoo. Poopies. Caca. Shit. Dookie. Doodoo. I started laughing just as hard, but the laughter didn't lessen my urgent need to cum. Now! I scooped up a thick handful of poo from my belly and began jacking wildly on my peg.

All this time, Scout Master Nick was pounding his cock into the mess in my rectum. Push and pull. Push and pull. I could feel how squishy I was down there every time he slammed into me. Now the funny thing is Scout Master Nick was usually the scout leader who was most gentle with me. Not now. Not now at all. Maybe the poopiness was making him hotter, but he was really jamming his cock into me. Every time he bottomed out in my bottom, I'd squirt out a little of the pee from inside my ass. Poopy pee so it stunk. 

"Not gonna last long," he screamed as he began really slamming into me. "Gonna cum right now!"

With those words, he scooped up some of the dookie I'd been painted with and forced it into my mouth. He jerked his cock out of my hole--and I lost a big squirt of poopy pee from my gut--and began jerking himself with the shit that remained on his hand. 

"Eat that shit, shit faggot motherfucker cocksucker!" Scout Master Nick screamed. Then his cock erupted and he spattered its load all over my tummy. 

He seemed to cum forever, and seeing his cock shooting its load on me made me cum with my poopoo dickie jerking. I looked down at my tummy. A big wad of pearly white spunk splattered near my belly button. More kept splashing out all over my poopifed lower parts. It looked beautiful, all gIittery and glisteny lying against the deep brown coating of shit. 

I kept jerking on myself while Scout Master Nick kept up his poopy pud pounding. Once again, the stuff they'd given us was doing its job. My big-O would peak and almost take me over the final edge, only to pull back a tiny bit then climb again. While we were both cumming for what felt like forever, Scout Master Nick continued smearing my face with the shit from my chest and tummy, pushing large wads into my mouth. I gladly mashed it around, chewed, and swallowed it. 

"MOTHERFUCKER! I can't take it anymore!" Daniel yelled. He pushed Scout Master Nick's hand away from my face and jumped on the bed, straddling my head. He jammed his poopoo covered dick into my mouth and began violently fucking me face, scraping poop into my mouth as he did. I was cumming. Scout Master Nick was cumming. And now sweet Daniel was cumming in my mouth, but instead of jizzing down my throat, his dick delivered the only thing it could give anymore. He pissed. Hot. Bitter. Strong. Salty boy piss mixing with the doodoo in my mouth and sliding down my throat in a gooey mass. I felt my tummy turn over and began to retch. I tied to force it back, but I couldn't. Vomit erupted from my mouth. Only it wasn't really puke. It was a bunch of recently swallowed poop, softened and diluted with Daniel piss. Wow! It was like I was pooping out of my mouth.

The poopy barf--or was it barfy poop--squirted violently out of my mouth around Daniel's still thrusting dick. Some went out my nose. It all smeared my face and Daniel's pubic area. Smeared it bad. Daniel eased down from his orgasm and eaed his dick out of my mouth. His face, chest, tummy, lower belly, and dickie had already been smeared with masses of poo of varying colors and consistency, poo from us poop freaks here and poo from Scout Master Chris's massive, wonderful, filthy poop collection--poop he and our buddies had smeared all over him. But his face and dick glistened with my recent oral offering. 

"MMM," Daniel moaned, "poopoo puke." Daniel leaned forward and licked the `poopoo puke' that was smeared around my face. Then his tongue, his delicate, sweet, wonderful tongue pressed into in my mouth. 

One time a couple of years ago, my Papa made me eat some creamed Brussels sprouts. I couldn't swallow them at first but he made me by squeezing my balls really hard. This was before I learned how much I loved pain, so I did what he made me do. After getting them all down, I couldn't stop it. They all came up and I puked them on my plate. Papa was NOT happy. He made me eat the puke. I cried and cried, but I had to or he'd cut my balls off. Or at least he said he would. I ate it all and then promptly barfed it out. I don't know how many times we went through this. Finally, he just beat me.

Since that time, I've hated the smell of puke. Hated the thought of puke. But now Daniel was feeding me back the poopy-pissy puke I'd just recently disgorged. For an instant, I panicked. Would I throw it back up like I'd done with Papa? No. I could tell that now this was different. What Daniel was feeding back into my craw wasn't nasty Brussels sprouts. It was nasty poo and pee. It was his and other boys' poo I loved. And as nasty as it was, I was nastier.

All too soon, he'd cleaned my face. He looked up at his daddy and chirped eagerly, "Daddy! The poopinator. Get the poopinator. Get two of them!" He then offered me his dark brown, glistening dickie area. "Cwean your poopy-pukey off me pwease, Bwadie?" he said, deliberately trying to sound like a little boy, like Gavin.

I had no idea what Daniel meant by the poopinator, but I sure as heck knew what he wanted me to do. So I licked his hard four incher and all around it, cleaning it off my poopoo-vomit as well as the poop he'd been jacking off with earlier. Of course, I'd already sucked off most of the poo when he'd been fucking my mouth. But his lower tummy area was filthy, nasty, yucky, and oh so delicious to lick clean.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Dale carrying two strange looking objects. These were obviously the `poopinators' that Daniel was talking about. I pulled away from Daniel's pubis to get a better look. The entire thing was clear, rubbery plastic, about 9 inches long. (I measured the whole thing later). One end was tapered a little bit like a really thick, 6" long butt plug but it had two hoses with a pump-up thingy on them like you see on a blood pressure machine. The whole thing, other than the tapered part, was 3" in diameter. The other end of the poopinator was like a really wide hose, and it was capped off. At its smallest, the tapered part was 2". And the largest part of the taper was a full 4". I had a good idea where it was going and I wasn't sure if I wanted it up inside me.

Dale handed Scout Master Nick--who was still between my legs--one of the objects. Daniel swung around on his knees so that his dirty butt cheeks were close to my face. 

"Ready, Nick?" Dale asked the man at my hole, sliding next to my head so that he could have access to his son's asshole. Scooping up a wad of shit, Daniel's daddy lubed the tapered end of the poopinator. I began feeling pressure at my hole just as Dale began pushing the end of the object into his son's anus. The opening of the tapered end was rounded but it hurt my hole as Scout Master Nick began pushing. Daniel sucked air as his daddy pushed it forward, so I knew it hurt him, too. But soon, the openings of the two poopinators had forced their way into our rectums. I could feel some of my fullness ease up. The plastic hose sticking out of Daniel's anus was clear. So I peaked around his cute body. I could see that part of my poopinator was filled with dark brown, thick gooey, liquidy stuff. The piss inside my intestine mixed with poop, both mine and other poop that'd been forced into me. I was relieved to have the discomfort and fullness ease up but I kind of missed it too. My relief wouldn't last long, though.

The men continued pushing forward slowly, steadily, so that the business ends of the devices were stretching both our holes. I couldn't believe how wide Daniel's little pucker stretched. I'd had big, fat dildos and big fat cocks in mine, and the poopinator still hurt going in. 

Finally, Daniel's device had made it all the way to the part where the taper ended. Just like on a butt plug, there was a slight indentation whose purpose was to keep the poopinator in place. A moment after Daniel's device was in place, mine sank in as well.

Then the real torture. (Well, not that bad, really). Dale began pumping the bulb that was attached to Daniel's poopinator. Scout Master Nick began pumping mine. The tapered part of the device--the part buried in my rectum--began to inflate and stretch my inners something fierce. From Daniel's grunting, he was feeling the same mixture of pain, fullness, and discomfort I was. 

While the part of the poopinators inside us was still being pumped up, Daniel called out, "Daddy, Daddy, hook us up. Get us started."

Dale, Daniel's daddy, signaled to Deandre and Gavin who up to this point had continued smearing feces (in Deandre's words) all over the two of us and each other. The two poo-covered kids disappeared for a moment then returned, Deandre to Dale and Gavin to Scout Master Nick. Each of the caca boys carried what looked gigantic plastic hypodermic syringes about two feet long.  

What should have been the pointy needle ends weren't pointy. They were as wide as the hose parts of the poopinators. The back end had a big plunger thingy. And I bet you know what they were filled with. Poopoo. Lots and lots of poopoo. 

"Hook us up!" Daniel called out again. Scout Master Nick attached the end of the poopoo-filled tube to my poopinator hose end and handed the plunger end to Gavin. Dale hooked up his poopoo-filled tube to his son's poopinator and handed that plunger end to a kneeling Deandre. The tubes were so large and full neither boy could have held one on his own.

"There's over a gallon of nasty, sick, fuckety-fuck fuck dookie poopoo caca shitty-shit in here, Brayden," Daniel told me. "It's from me and Gavin and Deandre and our daddies and some guys you don't even know. There's even some from Gavin's two-year old brother. Are you ready to be super poopinated? It's hella great!"

Now don't forget Daniel was kneeling over my face so I could see exactly what was going on. So once we were `hooked up,' Daniel yelled out, "Poopinate us!" I could see Deandre pushing the plunger on his poopinator. Although I couldn't really see it, I could feel Gavin's efforts inside my rectum. As Daniel's poopinator plunger moved slowly down the tube, my gut was filling up. Filling up with gobs and gobs of shit. Boy shit and man shit. I was already pretty will stuffed with piss, with Marcus's two turds, and with Gavin's super turd. Now this! It was like a giant poopoo enema. My tummy was swelling and I was cramping like a motherfucker. Daniel's tummy was beginning to bulge as well.

Gavin began singing in his high, clear, little boy voice a song that sounded like the "Oscar Meyer Wiener" song...

"I love to poopinate my good friend Brayden
That is what I really love to do-oo-oo.
I push the poopinator's big long handle
And fill him up with tons of stinky poo"

When he finished, he gave a huge shove to the handle. It's a good thing Scout Master Nick was holding on tight because if he hadn't been, Gavin would have shoved a bunch more of the actual tubing into me. As it was, the shove pushed my aching hole in, causing me to yelp But the little seven-year old's pressure on the plunger did send a huge glump of poop into me. 

Now THAT had me really yelling. I was cramping something fierce like I've never cramped before, so hard I thought I might puke again. I was sure my tummy was going to explode. For real. 

"Help your poopoo buddy out, Gavin," Scout Master Chris said from beside me. My face must have shown how bad I hurt. So still pushing the plunger and filling me up even more, Gavin grasped my stiffy and began jerking it with poo he scraped up from my tummy. That was enough to take my mind off the pain and fullness while he finished pushing all his nasty load into me. 

Daniel grunted every time Deandre pushed the plunger on his poopinator, but he didn't seem like he was experiencing the same level of discomfort I was. Made sense. His poop chute hadn't been previously stuffed like mine had.

Soon after Gavin finished filling me, Deandre's plunger also bottomed out. Daniel was full. "Now what?" I wondered.

Daniel stood up very gingerly and scuttle-walked toward my feet. Still holding onto my poopinator, Scout Master Nick and Gavin moved out of the way so that Daniel could slide in between my legs. He looped his thin, tan legs over mine and lay down.

"That was awesome, Deandre," he said. "I love being poopinated. But now the real fun with Brayden begins." 

Scout Master Nick and Dale worked on our poopinators. I couldn't quite tell what they were doing, but they both pumped up the second bulbs on the devices. I expected the inside part to get bigger or smaller, but I couldn't feel anything. Dale later explained that the pumping closed up the poopinator so that nothing inside us boys could come out when they worked on the next part of the process.

What was the next part of the process? When Dale and Scout Master Nick had finished the pumping, they disconnected the plunger things. They moved Daniel and me closer and then attached a short length of clear plastic tubing to both of our poopinators. It fit perfectly and the men maneuvered us so that Daniel and I were connected by the wide tubes that ran between us. We were about six inches apart at this point, pretty much poopinator to poopinator. The tube connecting the two parts in our butts had a small little tube sticking up from it. The purpose? I had no idea but I would soon.

Anyway, once we were hooked up together, as Daniel called it, the men released the bulbs they'd just pumped up. Have you ever had to go potty really bad and held it for a long time? Then just as you start to squat over the toilet your butt just lets it all go in one big whoosh?

That's what it felt like. My butt just opened up. A bunch of poop whooshed out. But the only place it could go was into the tube connecting Daniel and me. Same thing happened for him I guess cuz he made a funny noise that sounded a lot like the funny noise I made. 

"Okay, Brayden," he panted, "start pushing like you've gotta take a huge dump. Push hard."

I did. I could feel a mass of wet poop pushing out my hole. Daniel grunted and moaned louder than before.

"Oh, fuck yeah!" he screamed. "Fill me up poopy baby. Fill me with your pissy shit-shit."

Now I knew what was going on. As I was pushing the poop out of me, I was pushing it into him. 

"Don't stop, motherfucker. This hella kills. Don't stop."

I don't know if I could if I wanted to. Finally letting out the mass of shit that's been stuffed inside me felt so good, too sexy to stop. Have you ever had a poop that gave you a cum? I have a couple of times. Barely touched myself and little Brayden was jumping around. They're great and I knew I was ready for one right then. So I grabbed my poopoo smeared little dink and started jerking on it as I forced more and more poop out of my gut and into Daniel. I could hear Daniel begging me to keep filling him. I could hear Deandre and the men around me cheering me on. 

And clearest of all that was Gavin's sweet, high voice.


I did a poopy on the kitchen floor
I did a poopy by the bathroom door
I did a poopy on my messy bed
I did a poopy in the flower shed
And I love to do my poopies in my underpants
And every time I do one I do the poopy dance

I did a poopy on my Daddy's bed
I did a poopy on on Brayden's head
I did a poopy on a dinner plate
I ate that poopy and it tasted great
And I love to do my poopies in my underpants
And every time I do one I do the poopy dance

I did a poopy in my friend Daniel's hand
Then he poopied in my own small hand
I rubbed the poopy on his rock hard dick
He rubbed his poopy on my little stick
And I love to do my poopies in my underpants
And every time I do one I do the poopy dance

My big friend fucked me with his poopy cock
He fucked me hard and my bed did rock
Then Daddy fucked me up my poopy ass
He squirted in me and gave me gas
And I love to do my poopies in my underpants
And every time I do one I do the poopy dance

Gavin's song had everyone laughing along with their cheering me and Daniel. Gavin's daddy told me one time later when I was at their home (and yes, we had a filthy, sexy time) that Gavin has this thing where he can make up songs right on the spot. He's also got what's known as eidetic memory which means he remembers almost everything. But for him it's really strong with music and tunes. 

So Gavin's cheering. The other guys are cheering and laughing. And I'm pushing poopoo as hard as I can and jerking myself. 

Then Daniel yells, "Stop it! I'm gonna burst!"

I didn't. I kept pushing and jacking and suddenly Daniel screamed really loud, "I'm cumming motherfucker. I'm cumming fucking damn it shit fucker asshole poopoo eating cocksucker!"

And I'm cumming too. Only when my spasms started, I stopped pushing the poop out. For a brief moment, a very brief one, I felt like I wasn't so completely stuffed with shit. It felt like I still needed to shit, but not as urgent as a couple of minutes earlier. Then Daniel had the upper hand. He was still swearing like a fucking trucker, but he was now the one pushing. I was filling back up again. Filling and filling and filling until I was as full as before. Then he pushed even more and I was going to explode pissy, poop Brayden insides all over. I could even taste poopoo in my mouth--not like before from eating it, but like it was coming right up my gullet.

And I was still cumming and it sounded like Daniel was too. I didn't think I could take any more shit pushed inside me so I tried to push back. No luck. It was still snaking in me. I pushed again. Still no luck. Then everything slowed, then stopped and slowly reversed from inside me. 

It's like a tug-o-war between Daniel and me only it's a poopoo-push-o-war. Back and forth we went. I slowly came down from my cum and then Daniel came down from his. His daddy told us we'd cum without stopping for at least 3 minutes. We shoulda been exhausted, but the sexiness, all the poopoo play, and the drugs kept us going. Now we were hysterical, laughing and forcing the shit that had been forced into us earlier back and forth between us. Then it started raining--raining Daniel piss.

"Sorry, Brayden. I can't help it," he pleaded. Only he could help it. He was holding his dickie and aiming it right at me. I tried to piss but only ended up pushing harder. No piss from Brayden! But Deandre and Gavin decided to join in the fun and they both started pissing on Daniel, then on me, and then on each other. 

Finally, Daniel cried, "No more. You win. I'm exhausted. I can't push no more poop. You win." I could feel all the pressure in my butt release. I was going to take my victory over this beautiful, shit-covered boy with a few more pushes, filling him back up so that his tummy puffed up like mine was. But I, too, was tired, so I couldn't do too much. I think we were both pretty equal with how full we were. Only I knew that Gavin's super turd was till inside me.

Scout Master Nick knelt beside me and said, "There's one more part to the poopinator play, Brayden. Hang in there."

Then Dale connected a small hose to the little tube sticking out of the big one connecting Daniel and me. Water! Warm, almost hot water flowed into the bigger tube and forced most of the filthy contents into each of us. It was like getting an enema from a firehose. Thank god it didn't last long. Then Dale and Scout Master Nick pumped the second bulb up so that both poopinators closed up. They then disconnected the large tubing that had connected Daniel's and my poopinators.

Having done this before, Daniel knew what to do. He stood up, belly distended and grimacing in cramps. I stood up as well. When I did, the cramps overtook me. Daniel beckoned to Deandre and Gavin. 

"Come on shit fuckers," he said menacingly. "Down!" He pointed to the space between us. Gavin and Deandre complied, kneeling between us.

"Turn around, Brayden," he directed me. It was nauseatingly painful to move, but I managed to turn around. Daniel backed up to me and pressed his back all the way down to his butt cheeks against my back and butt cheeks.

"Okay, Daddy. Let's give these two shit-eating, cocksucking, pig fuckers what they deserve."

I know it sounds funny for me to say, but even though Daniel sounded angry, he also sounded like he was playing. In love and playing at the same time.

Scout Master Nick and Dale worked in tandem at the first bulbs they'd blown up earlier. I could feel the plug inside me deflate. As soon as they were small enough to pull out without hurting us, the men yanked them out in unison. For the briefest of moments nothing happened. And then at the same time, Daniel and I erupted from our butt holes. Great gushes of poopoo and peepee gushed from us, spraying on the two boys underneath our assholes. Deandre and Gavin had their heads up, mouths open like little birdies waiting to be fed. Only they weren't being fed worms. They were being fed shit and lots of it. 

The major part of the flow slowed then stopped. Daniel took a deep breath then shot out five more splatters of peepee-poopoo. I did the same, but I was only able to get out four.  At last we were both pretty empty, except I still had one major thing left inside me. Gavin's super turd. It felt like it was right at my hole, ready to come out. And Gavin knew it. He got up on his knees and planted his lips against my hole.

"Wet me have my supa tood back, pwease, Bwayden" he lisped around my cheeks.

I strained. My hole was very loose from all the abuse it had taken. So the monster pushed out easily. I looked over my shoulder to watch this incredibly cute seven-year old, red headed boy (whose red hair was now closer to brown). As I strained, his cheeks bulged and he pulled back a little so we could all watch. The dark brown, three inch thick turd inched its way into his mouth. He shifted a little and tilted his head back. 

"Look at that!" I cried. "The little shit eater's deep throating the super turd!" 

When it had all passed through my asshole, Gavin had a good five or six inches in his mouth and partly down his throat. He stood up, turned me around and pulled me down to his eye level. I knew what he wanted. I took the end of the monster turd in my own mouth and pushed it in until Gavin and I were lip to lip. We were kissing around this massive piece of shit he'd produced in his guts. 

He pulled back so that only the very end was in his mouth. I did the same. Without saying a word, we simultaneously began chewing. Chewing and swallowing. And moving ever closer until our lips touched once more. When we were finally done eating, we let our tongues explore each other's mouths, cleaning bits of poop out of each other's teeth. 

I was--at last--a completely perverted, shit eater. So was my little buddy. 

When we parted, the men and boys surrounding us started cheering for us. Daniel pulled me to him and hugged me tightly.

"Happy birthday, Poopoo Baby," he said quietly. "You're one of us, now. You've now got three poopy caca doodoo boyfriends. We love you, you know."

We were all pooped and fucked out. It was time for a rest. Everyone--except Scout Master Chris who had to go back to the office--lay down. Us boys on the shitty, filthy, dirty mattress, the men on one of the clean ones. 
&#8232;Scout Master Tim passed among us and gave each of us two pills: another Cialis and one I didn't recognize but thought was probably that great sex pill that was even better than Ecstasy. (I was right!)

"These will take effect in about an hour," he told us. "By then you should be rested and ready for more play. Until then, take a nap."

We did as he suggested. By the time us boys woke up, all the poopies on us had dried and was crusty. And we were hungry. So started the second part of Daniel and my special poopoo party. But that's a story for another time.