The trip was due to last up to a year, they had completed their university courses got married then set out on their belated gap-year. The idea was simple. See the world for a long as they had the urge to travel then return and try to find jobs.

Since they'd not found any during the months after their finals this seemed as reasonable thing to do as any. Karen's parents were naturally worried but Nigel's seemed to think they'd be ok; they were resourceful people.

Karen was an average girl, well woman now really at twenty two; she was five-five with brown hair and a pleasant face. She was not an unattractive woman but neither was she a stunner, her shapely legs were her undoubted best feature. She looked a younger than her age and still got asked for ID several times a month but she was quite proud of that really. Nigel was five-nine and again like his wife average looking but he at least looked in his twenties.

They set out travelling down Europe and within a month had crossed into Africa. They travelled slowly down the continent spending time in various places sending the occasional message home while trying keep their costs down. Kenya was the main destination for this part of their travels and they arrived in September looking forward to spending time visiting the nature reserves and viewing the wildlife.

They had been careful with money and after a couple of bus trips to see some of the sites they decided to see if they could buy seats on a jeep safari and really see the wildlife.

 They spent a long time looking around but found they were well out of their price range although there were day trips which were affordable but they'd already been warned of those as disappointing and a waste of time. So they kept looking.

There was a small shop that promoted trips of various complexities which offered some better prices but still out of their range however they visited it trying to bargain with the man at the desk but he didn't budge much on price so they gave up. As they stood outside discussing what they might do a man approached and asked them if they were seeking a safari.

"Sorry we can't afford one." Nigel stated to get the man to leave them alone but he shook his head.

"Safaris are not expensive it's just a way to rip of tourists however we offer a good safari. Three days and a really good price!"

"No thank you." Karen responded politely.

"Young lady, you want a safari, I heard you through the open door but the price has to be right. Now we can offer one at a very good price only thirteen thousand shillings."

Karen looked at the man. This was less than 100 which was ridiculous unless they ate rotten fish and slept in the open air. She said as much.

"Well Miss the real cost of these adventures are the overheads and the expensive hotels but as long as you don't mind sleeping in a small hunting cabin for two nights it its fine. The food is basic as well but you want to see the wildlife not the inside of a hotel room!" He gave a big smile. "Tell you what ask around about Unique Travel, people will tell you about us. We operate by word of mouth so are only as good as our recent customers." He gave another smile as the couple looked at one another.

"Where are you staying?" he enquired and before Karen could tell her husband not to he told the man.

"Ask at your front desk. We have a good reputation and a reasonably priced. Tell you what I'll drop by there later if you want to sign up then let me know."

"Maybe tomorrow." Nigel stated.

"I won't be around tomorrow as we are taking some people to the falls. Anyway, nice meeting you." He shook their hands and walked off.

 "What do you think?" Karen finally asked.

"We could ask around I suppose?"

"Bloody cheap though!" Karen stated.

"Probably a con."

"But still we could ask." His wife mused.

They went to a tourist centre and asked there and were told they were fine but not as good as some of the expensive ones they themselves had to offer, so encouraged they spoke to the hotel desk who were surprisingly full of praise for Unique Travel and agreed they were more competitive than many.

They saw the man later that afternoon in the lobby and approached him.

"You are in luck!" He added brightly. "We have unfortunately lost our party for tomorrow which means we could take you tomorrow if you wish?"

"Err... why did they cancel?" Karen asked.

"They decided we were too cheap! And of course we don't take a deposit so sadly we are now rather keen to have some paying customers!"

Karen looked at Nigel and smiled. "Deal!"

"Great we'll pick you up from the market square around ten." He was gone with a shake of their hands.

The next day they were packed and ready to leave in good time. The hotel was only by the night so they decided to find somewhere else upon their return. The jeep was waiting for them in good time and Chege their contact shook their hands then they were off. The other man with them was a very large man called Kagai who was driving. They pointed to the food they had with them and the water which the man told them they would need lots of before they reached the hut.

The drive was interesting at first then it lapsed into a rather dull trip until they left the road and began to drive through the bush. They stopped and took pictures a couple of times then again later for some food and water. Chege was jolly and chatted to them about England and their families but Kagai sat staring them in a way that made Karen uneasy.

It was late afternoon when the came upon a cut in a mud bank and drove through it then around a small stand of trees before descending again and finally beyond a low hill they discovered a small hut. It was green metal and shuttered against the sun plus being so close to the tree gave if further protection. The men opened it up and inside they could see the small cabin was completely closed from the outside which Chege pointed out meant no wildlife got in when they were away.

They threw the shutters open and the oppressive heat rolled out of the building leaving behind some strange smells but at least it appeared not to be that awful a place to spent two nights. While the men unloaded the jeep they looked about but found just the single mattress in the corner so when their guides returned with the water Karen asked where they were going to sleep.

Kagai gave Karen an icy stare as he took in her legs and teenage looks. Chege casually gestured with the machete he was now carrying. "Well Miss we will be with you on the mattress over there and he will be either sitting quietly in the corner or chopped up and left for the animals outside!" He gave a smile that told both of them he meant every word.

"Oh God! Please, please don't do this! Please what have we done to you?"

"I could talk about colonial rule if you like or slavery but what's the point? We intend to have sex with you for a few days and then if you have been very, very nice to us we will let you live."

Suddenly Kagai burst into action hitting Nigel with the handle of the weapon knocking him to the floor. Karen screamed and the man bent down and made as if to cut his throat. "Please, Oh God! Please, Please.." she tore at Chege who stood between her and her husband, "...please I'll do it! Don't kill him please, I'll do it... anything... please..." She sank to her knees as she watched the man grin at her before kicking Nigel hard in the face sending blood across the floor.

"OK, Miss. I'll fuck you then Kagai and depending on how good you are Nigel will live or die!"

She was frantic but she knew they were probably going to die anyway unless she could persuade them it was worth keeping them both alive. So she nodded and went to the mattress then after a deep breath stripped quickly. She had to make this good, really good.
The man took his clothes off showing her his ebony cock which was very hard and reared up threateningly but as he approached she went down on him trying not to gag on the pungent smell of sweat. She worked with her mouth (her throat was dry and she needed water but this wasn't the time to ask she knew).

She continued for maybe five minutes then sensing the man wanted more she sat up then laid back in the mattress allowing the man to get on her. She kissed him full on the lips praying that the spit she had hastily rubbed into her sex would help him to get inside her.

It was hard and painful but eventually he was trusting in and out as she wrapped herself about him trying all the while to push the terror she felt down so she could think and act. The men were bigger than they were and much stronger especially Kagai so they couldn't fight them especially without weapons. Also if they ran where would they go? The African plains and certain death by one predator or another, so they had just one single chance and that was her.

The man was now fully inside her, he was slightly bigger than Nigel and it was uncomfortable but she kissed him and made him feel special. Then as he got closer she whispered to him:

"If you don't hurt my husband any more I will make the next two days very special for you." She tried to sound confident and reasonable but she knew she sounded like a little girl and he laughed.

"Miss we will be fucking you anyway!" he growled.

"Yes but me very willing and inventive would be better." She pressed. He smiled at her as his black face mashed into hers and she exchanged tongues.

"I believe you!" He stated then said something to the other man who laughed as well. Before replying. "Deal Miss, you be our little girl whore and we don't hurt your man."

The man got faster and then gave a cry as he climaxed inside her. She shuddered as she felt this happen but covered it with a cuddle and a kiss. He got off then standing over Nigel he grinned. "Your girl wants to whore for us so we will let her!" Then he went over to the water and took some deep drafts before picking up Karen's t-shirt and using it to wipe some of the sweat from his body.

 Kagai handed over his weapon then pulled off his clothes in front of Nigel. When he removed his shorts a huge cock sprang free and he waved it at Nigel who still lay dazed on the floor. "Your whore wants this in her and she's going to get it!" He turned and went to the small woman who tried not to look as petrified as she felt.

He was by far the biggest man she'd ever seen. She'd had a few partners before Nigel but no one compared to this and she didn't know if it would fit. The man wasted no time and before she could offer him oral sex first he was on her prodding his monster into her.

If Chege hadn't ejaculated in her and it hadn't started to leak out she might have found it impossible but thankfully he had and the sperm lubricant helped as she was stretched wider than she thought possible.

Actually the man worked it into her quickly and despite her obvious pain then began to slam her over and over. She was crying despite herself yet somehow she managed to wrap her legs about his body and hold him then after the pain eased she kissed him and moved as if it was a pleasure rather than agony.

The torment went on for some time, the man hammering his mammoth cock in her abused body all the while grinning with pleasure at how tight the woman felt. She was responding to him as promised and that made it all the better. He grew harder as he began to feel his ejaculation build and for the final five minutes he was chanting in Swahili then with a roar he climaxed. The man then fell on the woman his glistening black body covering the woman as their combined sweat stained the mattress.

She was conscious that despite all she'd offered the men there was a very real chance they might still die in the next few minutes so she steeled herself and as soon as the man moved off her she slipped away from him and with a look at Nigel she approached the first man who sat machete in hand watching.

"Did you want more?" She asked as she drew near then as he chucked and rubbed the bulge in his shorts she slid to her knees and tugged at the buttons. The hard floor was uncomfortable but she pushed the thoughts away as she seized the man's erection and took him in her mouth.

He tasted pretty vile but she ignored it and worked desperate to get some moisture into her parched mouth but had to admit defeat so with a smile she asked for water and the man consented. Rising she gestured to the water bottle on the table and the man gave a nod so she went over took several deep drafts then rinsed her mouth with some keeping it in there before returning to her knees.

She began to give him oral sex with the water in her mouths which she knew the man would like as it began to dribble down his shaft. She took another swallow and continued hearing him give a small satisfied moan as is cock got very hard. She then swallowed and stood before sliding over his erection and finding her now stretched sex easily accommodated him.

She rode the man for maybe ten minutes before he picked her up and dropped her onto the sweat-damp mattress then went at her enthusiastically for some time. Water glistened on their naked bodies as they ground together, Karen finding herself slick with sweat as the man took her with increasing vigour until he came again.

This time Kagai was already waiting for his second turn and mounted her immediately his immense cock getting deep quickly now she was both stretched and full of their combined semen. His cock pounded her as he really worked her body hard unrelenting and animalistic in his attack on her until he too climaxed after almost fifteen minutes of sustained sex.

They lay together for quite a while before he got up and took some more water. Nigel had moved cautiously to the corner while Chege sat with a relaxed look on his face the machete still in his hands.

This time when she took more water she looked at the man appealingly and with a grin he gestured that Nigel could have some. She went over and knelt next to him holding out the bottle.

"Be strong for us both." She mumbled. Then she went over and offered the rest to Kagai who took it and drained the plastic bottle in one. There was little to do now but hope the men found her sufficiently interesting to keep them both alive so she got back on the mattress and when the man turned to her she gave him a prolonged, deep kiss causing him to laugh and say something to Chege who grinned at Nigel.

"Your little lady likes Kagai a lot. I think she's in love with him!" The man said rather stupidly but as if to prove it so Karen whispered to the man who laid back as she slid down his body taking his limp cock back in her mouth.

This time it took an age to get him fully erect and when the man finally mounted her the sex was slower and very prolonged. The couple were locked together for almost an hour until the big man finally climaxed. Chege had lost interest so had gone outside and started a fire upon which he was preparing to cook food but returned when he heard his friend chanting in their native tongue. 

After watching the man for a while he went to Nigel and with a gesture got him to stand. He produced some wire and used this to tie his hands behind his back then shoved him back into the corner before tying a length of rope about the man's neck. He took the other end and passed it through a loop in the floor pulling it until only a foot of rope was left then he tied this off.

Nigel was forced to lie on the floor facing Karen as she bucked and moved with her larger lover until he came once again and left her bathed in sweat on the mattress a few feet away. She made little effort to move but studied the two men then judging it was safe she slipped on her shorts and t-shirt and joined then as they sat by the door keeping a casual eye on the fire.

She did nothing but sat with them until Chege began to cook some meat then he got up and leaving Kagai to the cooking he took the woman back to the mattress and removed his clothes as she did the same.

"Your woman loves my cock!" He told Nigel. Then mounted her and began to hammer away once more. Like his friend he lasted a lot longer this time but once he was spent he dressed and motioned for Karen to do likewise. This time they sat by the door and drank spirits from a bottle, Karen almost gagging when the fiery liquid hit her throat but she kept it down and let them feed the spirit to her for the next half hour until the meat was ready to eat.

It was chewy and not particularly well cooked but she ate it ravenously then after asking three or four times the men dropped a few pieces next to Nigel before returning to the bottle. By this time Karen was drunk and when Kagai decided to take her for a forth time she felt almost detached from the act. She passed out before Chege took his turn not that it stopped him.

She woke in the night. It was much cooler and she was actually glad the two men shared the mattress with her, a blanket over their bodies. She looked across and could just about make out the outline of Nigel still on the floor and listening carefully she could detect his breathing.

She need the toilet but was petrified to even move so she toughed it our until the dawn light rose through the un-shuttered window and one of her captors stirred. He smiled when she asked to go to the toilet and grinned wider when he realised the woman wanted him to go with her as she was afraid.

He opened the door and checking the immediate surround waved her to his side and she followed to a pit dug thirty paces from the metal cabin where after some hesitation she squatted and opened her bowls before having a pee. There was little to clean herself with but the man gave her some leaves before doing the same and shovelling over their combined sewage.

Karen pleaded with him to let Nigel go as well and after an initial shake of the head he thought about what would happen if he didn't so relented and after telling the woman to get back on the mattress he led Nigel out to the same area and waited until he had relieved himself then led him back in.

By the time they had arrived Kagai had mounted Karen and was pounding the woman who had wrapped her legs about him and was kissing him passionately. Chege laughed as he tied Nigel to the floor only this time he pulled the rope tight so he could only lie facing the bed watching his wife writhing under the huge man.

Karen took the man for twenty minute then Chege took his turn before they had breakfast and then both me took her again. After this they got in the jeep, leaving Nigel alone in the cabin and drove to small river where they all bathed before returning for something to eat and more sex.

Nigel was released to relieve himself and this time they let him sit in the corner and watch as Karen sat on Chege's lap riding him to yet one more climax. She kissed the man and gave little moans and gasps throughout making him feel it was special.

Later still the two men took the woman together for almost an hour before they ate once more then slept. Karen woke to Kagai sliding his monster back into her now loose vagina and she wrapped about him as he made love to her that morning for the best part of an hour. After Chege took his turn they dressed and with Nigel secured hand and feet they drove away from the now shuttered and secured cabin.

It took then five hours to reach Nakuru where Chege drove to a ramshackle building then ushered Karen inside. She asked them once more to spare her husband as she'd been very good to them and they grinned telling her it was ok.

Inside she sat as they spoke with a very fat man who kept eyeing her then he got up and walked to her:

"My friends tell me you will work for me as long as I keep you and your husband together. Is this true? You will whore for me willingly?"

Karen blanched but knew the alternative so nodded then added. "I'll have sex with anyone you want me to."

"For how long? You will want to leave and go home very soon no doubt? If I invest in you then I need you to work for me for a long time!" He had a lustful look in his eyes and Karen knew that whatever they agreed, or otherwise this man would take her very shortly. The only question was would she live much beyond it?

"We don't need to leave for... for well ages. If you allow us to leave after a month then I will make you very happy."

"A month is no good!" He grinned coldly.

"We... I, can work until Christmas if you like?" She blurted. It was out before she'd considered what she'd actually offered.

"Hmm... a few months...." He looked at Chege who gave a grin and held out his hand.

"Ok deal!" he laughed and turned away from Karen to grip the man's arm. The spoke in Swahili for a while then some money passed hands and the men left.

"Where is Nigel? My husband?" She asked anxiously. "He mustn't be harmed at all!" She pleaded. The man came over to her and without saying a word began to remove her shorts. She let him undress her then after he'd fingered her soiled sex for a while he dropped his trousers and pushing her over his desk pushed his short fat cock into her.

He took her for around ten minutes then slapped her on her rear as he pulled his own clothes back on.

"You will fuck for me here, tonight. I have several girls but they are all black and I know I will get many men who will pay to be with you! You will be good to them yes? And in return you and your man will live here and be fed and I will not harm either of you."

"Yes I will be good to them." She responded feeling sick but knowing their lives were going to be at risk for as long as they remained a prisoner of this man. She had no doubt what he would do if Nigel or she tried to escape or she failed to live up to her side of the deal.

The man showed her down to the rooms below where seven small black girls, probably only teenagers, were sat silently clothed in short dresses in a small room waiting it seemed for customers. Karen was shown the back of the building where ten tiny rooms and a shower were situated.

The rooms were roughly divided areas with just a bed (one sheet) a chair and a small table. The rooms were divided by loose plywood sheets and had no doors, just a curtain. There was nothing else except a bulb, naked, hanging above each bed. The shower was grubby and basic, there was, the man explained no hot water. Nigel was in one of the pseudo-bedrooms sitting on the chair in the corner silently he looked ill and Karen let out a gasp as she saw fresh bruises on his face.

"He is ok. I think Chege has explained what our agreement with you is. He will spend his time here and help us if we have any problems with the men who use the girls." The man steered her to the next door room then added. "You will fuck lots of men for me and make me lots of money then at Christmas I will let you both go!"

Karen didn't believe he would but there was simply no alternative. She looked about the sparse room she was now standing in, that would be her home for the next few months and tried not to breakdown.

"I can't see any condoms?" She said in a quiet voice.

The man laughed. "This is Kenya. What do you expect! If your man wants to find some money for me to buy some then you can offer them to all your customers otherwise they bring their own if they want to!"

"Chege took all our money but we can get a little more if Nigel goes to the bank."

"That's a pity. No banks." The man smiled and told her to strip then rummaging through her back pack, left by her original captors, he dragged out a summer dress and threw it at her. "This will do. Keep it on between clients and make sure you wash it every day. You must shower all the time and in the bathroom you will find a tub of Vaseline which you will need to use as lubrication from time to time.

That was that and Karen found herself sitting in the front room next to a girl who looked barely fifteen. Nothing happened and not a word was exchanged until a second man appeared from the room at the front clutching a piece of paper which he handed to Karen as he took her eagerly to her small room.

The man had sex with her for ten minutes without any condom then he left as she went to shower. Karen knew she had to collect the tickets so put it under the mattress then returned to the front room to discover there were now only two women unoccupied. It seemed if a group of men had visited.

Being white Karen was the first choice for almost every man and she was taken repeatedly that first afternoon and night. She lost count after six but there were definitely more than that she thought. She was finally allowed to sleep after three that morning and she went to Nigel dragging him to her as she kissed him. He was still hurt but not too bad. He'd eaten when the girls did but the rest of the time he'd been alone in this tiny room listening to Karen as she was taken by the men the other side of the flimsy divide.

She woke at nine and was pleased to find there was some food available for them both. She still had no conversation with the girls who, she realised were so scared of the men who ran the brothel they dare not even speak. So her new life started. She had sex every day with no time off at all. Many of her customers used her without a condom and she feared the diseases they carried but never complained and in fact she made sure she pretended to respond to them which had the effect of getting them off quicker which while good, meant she probably had a faster turn around than most.

Three days in and she had her first difficult client. He was small with a bad temper and because he came too quickly he shouted at her and began to hit her. Nigel was on him in a flash only the man was tough and he was soon being battered. That was when two of the large bouncers appeared: She seen them a few times but this time they dragged the man out then came back and she realised they expected a `thank you'.

With Nigel still washing the blood off his face she lay as the first man took her hard and quick followed by the other only he was as large as Kagai and as she held him to her she felt the first stirrings of a climax. It was so embarrassing but as she bucked and moved with the man her body betrayed her and she hit an orgasm only it wasn't just a climax but an explosion. He body had been used for almost a week with little respite and while she'd felt nothing most of the time (except constant revulsion) the two men being both large had finally taken her to a state of arousal which her body had denied itself for days. The resulting orgasm was the biggest she'd every experienced, so explosive and prolonged she'd almost passed out. She was left feeling cheap and disgusted by her own actions.

There was little respite after that; occasional evenings when the clients were infrequent but being white and widely known for her willingness to perform she was very popular and was used day and night sometimes for many hours without a break. At one point Karen thought her vagina would literally be worn away it was used so often but apart from the occasional dry period it seemed to cope. The large bouncers visited her every once in a while; always if someone got aggressive or too verbal (which wasn't that often) but sometimes if things were quiet. She felt very guilty having sex with them because she usually had a climax and they used to laugh at her because of this. Annoi was the bigger of the two and the more frequent user of her.

One day the man dragged her down town one day and to her horror forced her to allow a man to put a very graphic tattoo on her rear trailing down her left thigh. It was a depiction of a white woman having sex with a very large black man sporting a huge cock. Next her right breast was almost covered with another picture of a woman taking a dog on all fours. She sobbed for hours that day until Kamai the owner threatened to hurt Nigel if she didn't stop.

She knew she'd caught something from the tattooing when the itching and swelling began but the owner gave her some pills, antibiotics she guessed and it went away. After that many of her clients liked her to stand and show them her tattoos before they fucked her. She knew she was pregnant around the beginning of November but when she fearfully told the brothel owner he shrugged and told her it wouldn't matter as she would be leaving soon. She could tell that was a lie.

Christmas came and went but still she was kept working for him. Sometimes she performed while Nigel took pictures or recorded it for the owner but the torment never ended. Finally when she was five months gone the man told the couple Karen was too big to work now so he would be arranging for them to depart which sent shivers down her spine. The way he said this made her fear he'd probably arrange for them to disappear permanently. In the end she pleaded with him to let them live and pledged they would not only leave without telling anyone what happened she would let him take another video of them both being happy and telling everyone how they'd been having a great time on holiday. He smiled at this and told her ok.

A few days later the couple sat talking in front of the camera as Karen stated she'd enjoyed her time in the country especially with all the lovely black men whom she'd began to take pleasure in sexually. She then added that her baby was going to be black but since she'd had sex with many different men she couldn't say who the father was. It was convincing enough and as Nigel pointed out gave them all the security the man needed.

To add to this Kamai insisted on another visit to the tattooist. The man wanted something significant so they added: `Nigel my husband loves me fucking blacks almost as much as I do', to her other breast while Nigel had `Blacks fuck my wife.' Across both his cheeks of his arse.

They didn't know what would happen but the next day Nigel was taken to visit a bank to withdraw the last of their savings then buy train tickets to Nairobi. They travelled silently holding hands still worried they might end up dead but they found themselves on the train as promised. The journey was distressing but they arrived unharmed and it was clear they really were free at last only Karen insisted they do or say nothing until they were alone. Once in a hotel room Karen finally broke down and cried.

Six months of abuse and torment flowed from her and it took her nearly a day to recover her composure. The money they had left was used to buy fresh clothes and toiletries. The hardest decision was what to do with the child as the shame of their position hit them. Karen decided they needed to go back and tell the truth so the police could get involved however Nigel was not. In the end they agreed to travel back to the UK as soon possible only not to go home just yet. 

They rented a flat in a town in East Anglia and registered with a doctor where she took a blood test and then the baby was checked over carefully as she admitted she'd become pregnant while abroad and confessed to sex with strangers, she didn't say she was raped. They then had an anxious wait until the results came back. The tests showed she had contracted several STDs including Syphilis but the baby was fine.

It was during these first days Nigel finally logged onto his email account and found the anonymous links sent to websites he'd never heard of before. The very first one he opened showed pictures of Karen having sex in the brothel (he'd taken them) and another had their interview in full showing her cheerfully chatting about how much fun having multi-partner sex with local black men was. They grew upset again and Karen realised she had no chance of convincing anyone she'd not done this freely. An email from a man who said he had a message from Kamai, the brothel owner, stated that the link to the video wasn't in circulation and it would stay that way as long as the two of them never said a word about what happened. Actually the email was more cryptic than that but they both knew what it was telling them. Nigel replied agreeing nothing would happen.

After agonising over what to do Karen approached an agency and explained that she was carrying a baby of another man and that she wanted to give it up for adoption and that it would be black. This proved an initial problem however in the end they found a family and once she had the baby it was given away. She cried for days after but held firm and severed all ties to the child. The were broke but Nigel managed to get a job then saved a bit of money so they could get by as Karen regained her old shape and they rebuilt their marriage again. They sent the odd email telling lies about where they were but ignored the replies asking for details and contact addresses.

They left the apartment to return home after thirteen months away which was hard as their old friends very excited about the exploits and curious why they'd had virtually no contact. The families were equally curious but relieved to see them return. Of course they all wanted accounts of what the couple had done and it was often talked about. Karen couldn't say so but their gap year was actually a year of complete hell.
 
Karen could no longer show her body above her lower thigh in public and her breasts had to remain well covered. There was no way they would dare show anyone the markings on their bodies. These were going to be a constant reminder for the rest of their lives.

