While Bachchu was cupping my breasts, his hands were working under
the pallu of my saree and I was still careful in not exposing my
breasts completely. Actually, he was still sitting behind me and
although my boobs were completely in his possession, those were out
of his direct view. After completely satisfying me with the breast
massage, Bachchu's hands reached my belly. I was enjoying the
tickling sensation, especially when his index finger reached my
navel. He put some extra oil inside that to make it a pool and
tapped there a few times. While he was caring this region, I was
trying to imagine the next part of his massage. Where would it be?
Below my waist and lower belly? God! I couldn't imagine anything
more. My sex-starved cunt was creaming with a fresh supply of cunty
juice. It was paining. I was dreaming if I could get a massage right
till there. "Oh, Boy! Do it! Do it till there. It's just for the
sake of a massage - so don't feel shy ---" No, I was certainly not
bold enough to utter these things in reality. Instead, I was trying
to apply my willpower to control such dirty desires within me. I was
unable to explain how could a shy housewife like me, who is ever
faithful to her husband, could adventure this much with her
boyservant. When he completed massage of my upper part, I quickly
got up without allowing any possibility for a massage anywhere in my
lower part. Just after the massage, I hurriedly went for a bath. I
was getting restless to undress myself and take care of my wet cunt.
I tried to imagine Raja, my husband, while masturbating, but all my
imaginations got shattered when I tried to figure out what Bachchu
might be doing with the massive manhood, which he had developed for
the past half-an-hour. Maybe, he had rushed to our other toilet,
which he uses and now he might be vigorously beating his flesh to
release his load. I was finger-fucking myself and the imagination of
Bachchu's masturbation made me more and more horny. Oh boy! I was
cumming, cumming all the way. Would Bachchu be releasing his load by
now? I could visualize those jets of thick white sticky semen made
up a mess on the floor and that drove my orgasms to a new peak.
Before coming under the shower, I looked at my nude figure in the
mirror. My breasts were still warm and reddish with the increased
blood flow resulting from the massage. I had a close look at my
breasts. Every square millimeter area of my breasts was glittering
with oil. Bachchu hadn't missed a single spot. I was looking at my
breasts with utter disbelief that these were handled by another man
today and that too with my own invitation. I came under the shower
and soaped my whole body. It took quite some time to wash out the
stickiness of the oil. At the end, I was feeling fresh. There was a
feeling of easiness in my whole body. I never knew that massage
makes one feel so good, so relaxing it is! I wiped my body with a
towel, got dressed and came out. Bachchu served my meal. There was
an uneasy calmness in the room. While I was still trying to recover
from my arousal that resulted from the happenings of today, Bachchu
too was looking unusually quiet. For him, I guess, it was the first
touch of a female breast and he might have been trying to recover
from the sexually explosive shock that he received. I really didn't
have any serious intention of cheating my husband and so I didn't
want to carry any sense of guilt with me. I felt I should tell
everything to Raja - only point was how and when. We have always
shared each other's fantasies and that had always ignited our
passion in the past. Most of the times, we fantasize ourselves with
each other's friends and enjoy, without attaching slightest
seriousness to it. We had other fantasies too. Once, Raja had
described an erotic encounter with the domestic maidservant of his
parental home, much before our marriage. I was so horny that I
couldn't wait for a wild sex with him in bed. Later, he had told me
that it was his wild adolescence fantasy. If he hadn't told me that
it was a fantasy, I would have always believed it to be a reality.
After Raja returned home, he announced in the tea table that he
would be going to Delhi by the early morning flight next day. That
was a very sudden development. Actually, his boss was supposed to go
for that meeting, but as his priorities got changed, Raja would be
substituting him. I had to spend the rest of the evening in getting
his dresses and other things organized. When we were in bed, he
didn't forget to ask me about the massage. I said it was very nice
and at least, I had some relief from the pain. He asked me if I had
felt shy during the process. I gave a very naughty smile and
said, "I was shy to start with, but horny later on ". I could again
sense that my erotic feelings were running high. Should I tell the
rest of the story now itself? "Wow! That sounds great!", he said
after hearing my reply. "Don't think that only you can fantasize sex
with your maid-servant. Even, I can have that with Bachchu...", I
said. I was too horny to keep my voice steady. "Darling, never mind -
you do it. You may even do it in reality if that helps in regaining
your passion. Get yourself cured and let us get back our sex life."
I couldn't trust my ears. Is he still in his senses? I embraced him
closely and said, "Darling, don't worry, we'll surely get it back."
We couldn't talk for long as I wanted him to take some rest before
his flight. The office car came early in the morning to pick Raja
up. He got into the car and waved at me. For the next three days,
only Bachchu and myself will stay in the house. (I forgot to mention
in the beginning that God hasn't blessed me with a child). As the
car rolled past Southern Avenue (a famous road in South Calcutta), I
started thinking for the next massage. It was too early in the
morning for me to start the day. Bachchu had already got up and I
told him not to hurry up with morning tea and breakfast preparation,
as I wanted to get some more sleep, although I was pretty sure that
I wouldn't get any more sleep. All that I needed was a bit of
privacy to think with a cool head what I was upto. I came back to my
bedroom, closed the door and lay down on the bed. The first question
that struck me was whether Raja was serious about what he told me
last night. I felt that he was kidding and in reality it's not
possible for a husband to grant a blanket permission to his wife for
having sex with the domestic boyservant! Our conversation took place
in a light and joking mood and I could not tell Raja about how
Bachchu massaged my breasts. So, there was every reason for Raja to
believe that it was just a casual dirty conversation of ours and
there was no seriousness hidden in it. But I knew that my body was
on fire and was I mischievously thinking of misusing my husband's
absence for a misadventure with my servant? The moment I thought
this, I could sense an increase in my pulse rate and throbbing of
heart. I was restless to get back my sex life and all that I needed
first was just a man who would be able to overpower my pain with
lust. I was getting horny again. My fingers were touching my cunt
and I was wet in no time. Immediately, I thought of the barriers
between our ages and more so, in our social status. What would
people think of me, if ever a misdeed of this nature is known to
others? I tried to impose the social norms and taboos upon me.
So I must do something to overcome these dirty thoughts. I thought
of an easy option. My parents are staying in the other end of the
city and what I can easily do is to grant three days' leave to
Bachchu, so that he could visit his native place and I can stay with
my parents. When I had almost decided about this, I felt sorry that
I would miss my massage. Even if I keep aside the erotic components
in it, surely I enjoyed the massage, which Bachchu had given to me.
Then? Am I going to stay here? Am I going to have the massage
sessions with Bachchu? Like yesterday? Should I put that as the
limit? Or...? Again, again I was losing control. Why should I be so
afraid of the society? My daydreaming, fantasies and tensions got
abruptly halted when there was a knock at my bedroom door. "Masima,
won't you have your breakfast now?", Bachchu came and asked. I
looked at the watch. Surely, it was time to take something. "Yes,
just two pieces of toast with butter and tea", I said. After
brushing my teeth, I came to the breakfast table. Bachchu had kept
everything ready. I tried to concentrate on my eating. But, from my
sixth sense, which is normally very strong with the ladies, I knew
that he was looking at me. That look was no doubt different from how
he used to look at me before yesterday's happenings. He was looking
at my shoulders and also at my breasts, where he massaged so
passionately yesterday. Out of a sheer feminine instinct, I re-
adjusted my saree's protection above my blouse, but honestly
speaking, wasn't I mischievously enjoying his stare? Bachchu turned
on the ceiling fan, as I was visibly sweating, apparently because of
the sultry weather and the sips from steaming hot tea, but
definitely, the heat of passion within my body had a lot of
contributions to it. Bachchu didn't have much of work in the
morning. My husband was away and I had to use up the accumulated
foodstuff in the refrigerator. Rather than cooking new items, I
instructed him to clean the kitchen thoroughly. I too joined hands
with him, so that everything could be properly organized according
the housewife's liking and also to hasten the process, so that could
start my massage early. I felt restless. I wanted him to start the
massage as early as he could, although I had to pretend that I was
the lady of the house and I mean business first. We were in the
middle of the cleaning process, when the doorbell rang. It was
Aparna-di, one of our elderly neighbors. She is a very nice lady and
I too like her. Her only problem, if any, is her talkative habit.
Whenever I have anything important to do and she visits my house, I
always wish that she shouldn't start some long stories and would
rather leave early enough. But, if she is in the right kind of mood,
you can't stop him and it would look rather discourteous and awkward
to get up, mind your own business and ignore her. At least, I can
never do that and I have to remain as a passive listener, whether I
like it or not. "Ohhh... Raja has gone on tour and are you alone
now?" I could make out from her enthusiasm that she felt I had all
the time in the world to listen to her long long stories. "Okay, why
don't you come over to my house and let's have our lunch there....",
she invited me. " And also endless chat?", I wanted to add, but of
course, I didn't. No, I was surely not prepared to spend the rest of
the morning and afternoon with Aparna-di. "Not today, Aparna-di! I
have just started clearing the mess from my kitchen. It's a huge
task. And Bachchu alone won't be able to do it."Okay, I understand.
Maybe tomorrow or the day after", she said. I wished she forgot
about it. She talks so much that she even forgets what she says. I
wanted to cash on this advantage. "You know, I was eager to tell you
something..."she started. "Oh, no, don't tell me" would have been my
spontaneous response, but I had to keep quiet and be a passive
listener, for the sake of courtesy and neighborly relations. I tried
to devote attention to what she said, but all the time, erotic
massage was going on in my mind. I was looking at the kitchen, where
Bachchu was busy arranging things. What a strong young man he is!
Effortlessly he could shift heavy things. I like strong men, I want
them to be very strong, so strong that I can feel the sensation of
pain when a man squeezes my breasts or enters me! Yes, again I was
thinking about Bachchu and feeling the heat between my legs and in
my whole body. Occasionally, I was nodding my head and
uttering "Hmmm...", just to pretend that I was listening to
Aparnadi's boring stuff. "Tell me, doesn't it look bad?" she asked
me at one stage. Believe me, I didn't pay any attention to what she
was talking about and what was it that she was trying to say "bad".
It was foolish for me to express any opinion, but I had to. All that
I could make out was that she only wanted my approval. So, I
said, "yes, yes, it surely looks bad" and I was amazed by my own
stupidity. "I knew you will also feel that way, but just see, (----
blah-----blah------)". So, at least, I could successfully hide my
unmindfulness and felt a bit relieved. In the meantime, the clock
advanced beyond twelve and Bachchu had finished whatever he was told
to do in the kitchen. I felt that it was high time that I get my
massage. "Let me see how you arranged " I told Bachchu and went with
him to the kitchen, clearly signaling Aparna-di that I wanted her to
leave. I don't know whether it was because of this discourteous act
of mine, or because, she herself got tired of nonstop talking that
she said, "Okay, Nandita, do your work. I am going now. Just drop in
to my house, any time". "Sure, Aparna-di, I will. Bye", I said with
full of courtesy and politeness. Bachchu was ready with the oil.
Like me, he too must have wanted Aparna-di to leave. "Do we start?"
he asked in short.