Long before Arthur's hesitant, husky voice has finished telling his story, Kai has painfully rolled himself over and is lying face down with his head buried in the crook of his right arm. When Arthur finally stumbles to a halt and opens his eyes again, he realises that Kai is sobbing silently, his broad back heaving and his tangled blond hair catching the torchlight with each broken breath. 
Arthur's heart is wrung, but he dares not reach out to give comfort.
Kai is so close, Arthur can feel the warmth of his body, and longs to touch it; but he is afraid that what he has just said may have put Kai utterly beyond his reach.
And that will be no more than he, Arthur, deserves.

Kai lies with his mind and heart filled with darkness, hiding his eyes from the light. Even though Arthur's assault on Mark is not the one he had initially feared, Arthur's story is not an easy one to listen to. He can picture the conflict only too well: the tree, the rain, the blood, the hideous violence drawn from the deepest places of Arthur's soul and visited on Mark in revenge, not so much for what Mark took from himself, but for what Mark took from Arthur.

Kai had not realised, even when he came upon Arthur weeping in the woods, the depth and savagery of Arthur's frustration. 
But he realises it now, as the awful tale unfolds. And he sheds bitter tears, not for himself, but for Arthur.

Who was wounded beyond bearing, through no fault of his own.
Who turned aside so far from his better nature that there may be no way back from his guilt and shame.
Who saved the life of Kai's worst enemy.
And who thought that Kai would not love him enough to forgive him.

But Kai does; only he has no idea how to begin to tell Arthur so.

After a while, Kai runs out of tears, and lies still and exhausted; the hut is silent. He longs for sleep to take him, to numb the pain in his arm and blank out the whirling thoughts in his mind, but sleep will not come to him. Eventually he lifts the protective arm away from his face, turns his head on the pillow, and looks across at Arthur.

Arthur is still awake too, lying on his back, rigid, dry-eyed, staring at nothing.
He is so close, and yet so far away, gone somewhere Kai cannot follow him.
But maybe he can call him back.

He has to try.

Kai whispers, 'Arthur…'

Arthur cannot bear to look at him. But after a while, a faint voice murmurs, 'How did we come to this?'
Kai shakes his head. 'I don't know. Some… madness took us all. Or perhaps the gods were envious of our good fortune.'
'Good fortune…' Arthur's tone is very bitter.

Kai falters in the face of Arthur's hopelessness. 'We were together –'
'Until we were torn apart.'
'We were together,' Kai says stubbornly. 'And we will be again.'
'I wish I could believe that. But after what I did today –'
'You had good reason.'
'Did I, Kai? Reason to behave like an animal? Reason to lie to you?'
'Arthur, I –'
'You must hate me!'
Kai draws a deep, painful breath. 'No.'
Arthur turns his head away and says in a small voice, 'I hate myself.'
'I know.' Kai's voice is very gentle. 'But I don't hate you.'
'You should.'

Arthur is trembling.

Kai reaches out very carefully with his good arm and takes Arthur's cold hand in his. 
He takes another deep breath.

'I love you.'

A dry sob shakes Arthur's body.

'Arthur. Come back to me. Don't leave me alone in the dark. Please.'

Silence; but the cold fingers slowly, cautiously curl themselves around Kai's warm ones.

Kai holds on tight, and waits.

'I was a coward,' Arthur murmurs reluctantly at last. 'Afraid to tell you what I had done. I thought – I thought you would turn away from me, as you did from him. And I was ashamed. I behaved no better than he did.'
'You saved his life.'
'Out of guilt, mainly. And then I did not trust you enough to tell you the truth.'
'But I know it now.'
'Stop trying to be kind to me. I don't deserve it.' Arthur shakes his head despairingly. 'I deserve nothing. I do not have the right even to ask for your forgiveness –'
'Receive it as a gift, then.'

Silence, again. Kai forces himself to keep trying.
'I forgive you… every wrong you think you have done me today. If you can forgive me.' Kai's voice shakes. 'For taking you in anger – for using love as a weapon of revenge against you – and for thinking the worst of you, when I hadn't even troubled to hear your whole story –'

And at last, Arthur turns his head and looks into Kai's eyes.

Kai's heart turns over.

There is still hope. This is still his own Arthur, in spite of everything.

Arthur struggles for the words Kai no longer needs to hear him say; he can manage only a broken whisper.
'Kai… my Kai… I am so sorry…' 
'Sshhh.' Kai moves closer and kisses him very gently on the mouth.

After a little while, they break apart, and Arthur sags exhaustedly along Kai's side, his face buried in Kai's neck. 
Kai strokes his back and shoulders in gentle reassurance, feeling the taut muscles relax as Arthur's body absorbs the warmth of his own. Gradually Arthur stops shivering and his breathing slows. He is beginning to believe, to be comforted, to let his guard down… Kai's exploring hand stops suddenly as it meets the tattered remnants of bandages, the warm stickiness of fresh blood. He draws a breath, sits up, swings his legs out of bed.

'What is it? Where are you going?' Arthur's voice is tense.
'You're bleeding,' Kai mutters gruffly, consumed by guilt. 'We need to get that arm of yours cleaned up.' 
'The healers can do it in the morning.' 
'No.' Kai shakes his head. 'Now. The wound may turn bad. We can't afford to have your sword arm out of action.'

There is some linen and a basin left by the healers on the bench; Kai pours water and returns to the bedside, ignoring Arthur's protest.
He works quickly as the torch burns low: strips away the bloody bandages, drops them in the embers of the fire, washes the wounds and binds the arm as well as he can with his one good hand, flinching in sympathy whenever Arthur winces at his touch. By the time he is done, Arthur's forehead is beaded with sweat and his teeth are clenched in pain. He has not allowed himself to make a sound. Kai looks at him with concern. 
'I'm sorry.'
'It had to be done.' Arthur tries to smile. It is a somewhat wan and uncertain smile, as though he has forgotten how; but it is another small step along his road out of the darkness.

Kai smiles back with pure joy.

Then he turns down the blanket and looks at Arthur. Just looks, as though he's never seen him before; as though he's trying to commit every detail of him to memory before the torchlight fades; as though Arthur's exhausted, bruised, battered body is the most beautiful sight he's ever seen.

Arthur lies quite still, and lets him.

After a while Kai heaves a huge sigh, takes another piece of clean linen and dampens it in the water pitcher, and wipes the sweat from Arthur's face. Then lovingly and carefully he begins to wash the rest of him, throat and chest and shoulders and the bloody grazes on his ribcage, moving on to clean the remains of his earlier spill from his belly, and gently down into his groin and around the limp, curled manhood, feeling a twinge of guilt at having so misused it.

Arthur's eyes are closed; he murmurs 'Thank you' as Kai pulls the blanket over him again.

Kai stands beside the bed in the last guttering flickers of the torch, and washes himself clean too, gritting his teeth at the pain in his arm.

He looks up, and sees Arthur watching him.

As the torch finally goes out, a hand reaches out and draws him back down onto the bed.

After a short, blissful silence, an anxious voice asks 'Did you really mean it? You can forgive me?'
Kai chuckles in the darkness. 'You're still here, aren't you? Or is that just because you don't have the strength left to get out of bed?'
A snort. 'No. Because you don't have the strength left to kick me out.'
'I wouldn't kick you out even if I did.' Kai's voice is suddenly serious again.
'No..' Arthur says thoughtfully. 'Not, at any rate, to judge by what I saw before the torch went out... ' He strokes Kai's belly, reaches down, lays a hand on him.
Kai says softly, 'My body can't lie to you, even if I can.' 
Arthur kisses him again. 'I didn't think you would want to do this. Not tonight, and possibly not ever again.'
'I didn't think you would be able to let me. I thought I might have driven you away.' 
'But I am, as you so rightly point out, still here.'

Even in the darkness, Kai can tell that Arthur is smiling. He rolls onto his side, presses into Arthur's hand, lifts his face and seeks Arthur's mouth. He is tired beyond exhaustion, aching in every muscle, and his splinted arm is in agony with every movement, but he doesn't care any more. He is with Arthur. And Arthur has come back to him. That is all that matters for now, whatever tomorrow might hold.

Weary and sore in body and in heart, and still a little uncertain, they are very gentle with each other. Kai reaches down to take Arthur in hand too, but Arthur shakes his head; stops him. For a few moments, Kai is afraid that Arthur is recalling his earlier betrayal, but then Arthur kisses him again, very softly and lovingly, and whispers, 'I haven't the strength to take, as well as give. And you need it more.' Kai cups his hand affectionately over Arthur's groin for a few moments, then withdraws it, surrendering himself to the pleasure that Arthur is offering him. Arthur's hand around him moves hesitantly at first, as though afraid of rejection; but as Kai's length firms, so does Arthur's confidence, his fingers sensitive to every tiny detail of Kai's response, his lips warm and yielding. They are no longer worlds apart but one being, one mind. Arthur's grip tightens on Kai's hardness, sensing that the end is close. He strokes him firmly, evenly, working his fingers over the tip, sliding down the shaft to press around its base. Suddenly, Kai can bear it no more; he buries his face in Arthur's neck, pushes against Arthur's hand, and lets go. He comes very quietly, with no more than a soft gasp and a shudder, a ripple under Arthur's fingers, and a sudden warm dampness between their bodies; but his ecstasy is as deep and as joyful as that of any abandoned passion.

After a little while, his breathing slows, and he relaxes onto Arthur's shoulder and says quietly, 'Thank you.'
Arthur strokes his hair. 'No sign of Mark, this time?' 
'No…' Kai's voice is thoughtful. 'It seems you truly defeated my enemy today.'

Arthur is sliding inexorably into sleep; his voice is warm with love.

'In truth, Kai my heart, I think in the end you defeated him yourself.'