JAMIE

BY TOMMY

Part 2

Jamie opened his eyes and yawned. The sun shone through the
window illuminating small specks of dust suspended in the air. He
turned his head and gazed at the pictures on the wall, going over
the events of the previous evening.

If he'd been embarrassed by his medical, his bath had provided no
relief whatsoever. Having washed his hair and scolded him for
lack of attention to his ears, Miss Turner had then turned her
attention to parts of his anatomy he'd hoped she'd finished with.

Jamie slid his hand down under the sheets and felt his willy
under his pyjamas. He giggled. Why did it always stick up like
this in the morning? How she'd talked for ages about infections
and hygiene! He'd been made to stand while she soaped him all
over, then she'd taken his small manhood and soaped that as well.

He had to admit that with the soap his foreskin came back much
more easily than before - though it still felt terribly
uncomfortable. His teacher had laughed and told him how in a few
weeks he wouldn't even notice. She'd shown him how to wash the
uncovered bit. That had felt so ticklish!

Just as before she'd seemed to take forever washing his private
bits and if that wasn't enough she'd even washed his bottom,
making him bend over while she slid her fingers between his
buttocks. He knew she'd said something else about hygiene, but
remembered only the strange sensations he felt while she soaped
his bumhole. Again, that seemed to have taken ages, though he
wasn't sure. To be honest it had been a bit like when she held
his privates. Embarrassing at first, but kind of tingly. Sort of
like when he played with his willy in bed.

Almost on cue, the door opened and Miss Turner entered, dressed
in a very severe looking black jacket and skirt - the typical
'schoolmistress'.

"Awake now are we?" she said kindly, drawing back the curtains.
She smiled. "Come on, up you get!"

Jamie stood up and yawned. Miss Turner laughed. She'd dressed him
in thin white pyjamas deliberately choosing a size too small. He
looked so sweet! She had to work hard to stop herself from
grinning. The trousers hugged him like ballet tights! Her eyes
fell on the rather obscene bulge and she sighed. Funny how a full
bladder always did this to boys in the morning. She saw a small
spot and her eyes narrowed. Surely he hadn't been playing with
himself, had he?

"I think you need the bathroom young man!" she said, putting his
clothes on the bed. "Have a wash, get dressed and come down for
breakfast." She placed a pair of white socks next to his shorts
and put some black gym shoes on the floor. "Come straight down
when you're ready."

Jamie returned from the bathroom and got dressed. A different
pair of shorts today? These were black ones. He pulled them up
and wriggled as the stretchy material dug deep between his
buttocks. If anything they were even a bit tighter than
yesterday!

He could smell the toast before he reached the kitchen. "Sit down
Jamie. Won't be a minute." Miss Turner placed a glass of cold
milk in front of him and buttered a few slices of toast. She put
her hand to her mouth and yawned. Having taken the film down from
behind the bathroom mirror the previous evening, she'd then had
to prepare the cameras in the schoolroom and had then decided to
start developing the film already taken. That had taken longer
than expected. Both films were now drying in the basement. She'd
try and watch them later if possible and then take them to John.
The film nearly always required some editing and he was much
better at the cutting and sticking together than she was.

She watched Jamie devour his toast and gave him some more. "Gosh,
you've got a healthy appetite haven't you" she said, sipping her
tea. She stood up and started clearing away. "Finish that and go
wash your hands Jamie. Then go up to the schoolroom. I've left a
worksheet on one of the desks for you. I'll be up in a few
minutes."

In the schoolroom, he saw that Miss Turner had pulled one of the
small school desks to the centre all ready for him. He gazed at
the sheet of paper on it and groaned. Not long division! He was
terrible at that! His eyes wandered around the room and fell on
his teacher's desk. His heart missed a beat. On the edge was one
of his old punishment sheets held down by a black gym shoe
similar to the ones he was wearing.

Sitting down at his desk, he tried to concentrate on the sums.
Would she whack him very hard? How many would he get? He had to
take it. After all the alternative was far worse! He picked up
the pencil and looked hard at the first sum. Would it be on his
bare bottom? No, she wouldn't do that-would she? Two hundred and
ten divided by seven? But Mr Slack had caned him on the bare!
What if she wanted to. But she couldn't possibly know could she?
How can seven go into two? Impossible! But what if..

He heard a sound behind him. "Oh Jamie, you haven't even done the
first one!" he heard his teacher say reproachfully. He gripped
the pencil tightly and glanced again at her desk.

Miss Turner chuckled. She understood perfectly. "Oh Jamie, I see
what the problem is." She moved to her desk and faced him, her
eyes twinkling. "I had planned to wait a little before your first
punishment, but I think that's a bit much to ask. It's probably
best to get it over with right at the beginning so we can
concentrate on your work."

She picked up the slipper and held the slip of paper in her other
hand. She spoke very quietly. "You did agree yesterday that we
should do this Jamie. I know it's not going to be very pleasant
for you and your bottom is going to be quite sore for much of the
holiday." She looked at the paper and smiled. " I'm not going to
embarrass you by reading out what's on each of these slips Jamie.
I'll simply tell you what the punishment is going to be, then
tear it up afterwards. Do you understand?"

Jamie looked down, tears in his eyes. "Yes miss."

Her tone hardened a little. "One thing Jamie. If you make a fuss
while you're being punished over the next ten weeks, show any
disobedience or ever refuse to accept a punishment, I'll simply
phone Mr Slack and ask him to proceed as planned. Is that
absolutely clear Jamie?"

Jamie's throat felt dry. "Y..yes miss."

"Right, so let's get it over with shall we? Here, at the side of
my desk please!"

If Jamie had not had his moist eyes on the carpet, he might have
seen his teacher press something at the side of the large mirror
next to the blackboard. Through the tears he did however notice a
small mark near his feet. Very similar to one he'd seen upstairs.
Marks in fact that his teacher had carefully made a few years
ago, all about three or four yards in front of the mirrors,
ensuring that everything filmed would always be perfectly in
focus!.

"I'm giving you six with the slipper Jamie. If you make a fuss,
I'll add extra. Face the door and bend over please!" Jamie turned
and touched his toes. At least she'd let him keep his shorts on.
Miss Turner surveyed the boy's large posterior and gripped the
slipper hard. Punishing the boy over his shorts was only a
temporary measure. Tomorrow, they'd come down! Not that it made
much difference. The thin material was stretched so tightly over
his buttocks, it hardly made any difference. She ran her finger
down between his buttocks, smiling as he flinched. "Legs a bit
further apart please. Bottom up a bit more!" A quick glance in
the mirror. Perfect!

"Okay Jamie, keep still and don't make a sound!"

The slaps of the slipper on Jamie's backside reverberated round
the room. Jamie grasped his ankles as hard as possible and grit
his teeth. About ten seconds passed between each slap. A tear
fell from the boy's eye. It was painful yes, but..but..well not
quite as bad as he'd imagined it. Certainly nothing like the
cane!

"Okay Jamie, you may stand up and go back to your desk." Miss
Turner put the slipper in the cupboard behind her and watched as
the boy rubbed his bottom before sitting down. She grinned at
him. "Now, that wasn't really too bad was it?" She leaned against
her desk. "I bet you imagined it would be a lot worse!"

Jamie wiped his eyes and nodded slowly. She was right. It had
stung but now all he felt was a warm glow from his backside. He
sniffed and wiped his eyes again. Why had he cried? What a baby!
Next time he'd try and take it like a man, without any tears.

The next few hours passed very quickly as his teacher took him
through numerous examples of long division, pausing only to allow
the boy a short visit to the loo. For his part, Jamie was
surprised to discover that his problems with tackling seemingly
impossible calculations appeared to vanish like magic. Strict
though Miss Turner might be, she was a most efficient teacher,
stopping only when sure that Jamie had truly mastered the various
techniques in solving long division sums.

"Well, I think that will do for today" she said at last, checking
his answers to the final test. "I want you in the garden now for
a bit of exercise before lunch. You'll find some PE clothes on
your bed and another pair of gym shoes by the door."

When Jamie arrived downstairs he saw his teacher looking out of
the large kitchen window. "Okay Jamie, I want you to run over to
that tree over there" She pointed to an old oak standing next to
the fence about a hundred yards away. "Then over to the pond and
back here. Do as many laps as you can."

She smiled as she saw him pulling his shorts out of his crack.
"And please stop doing that Jamie. It doesn't look very nice."
Jamie sighed and trotted obediently out of the door. The white
shorts she'd left for him were even tighter than his others, as
well as being more like underpants than real shorts!

Jamie sat quietly through lunch looking up only when his teacher
rustled the newspaper she was reading. Back in his black shorts,
he fidgeted on the chair, dying to pull them out from between his
buttocks. His face shone from his recent shower. Strange shower!
he thought, toying with a small potato. How many showers have
mirrors in them?

Up in the schoolroom, an hour later, Miss Turner placed some
papers in front of him and tapped them with her pen. "I have to
go out in a few minutes so I'm leaving some work for you. You may
recognise some of the pictures."

Jamie blushed. The sheets contained long descriptions of all the
changes in a boy's body during puberty, including some extremely
'interesting' pictures. Miss Turner pointed to the last sheet. "I
want you to read everything on the first six pages very
carefully, then follow the instructions here. In your best
handwriting please."

Jamie was so engrossed in the pictures, he didn't see his teacher
walk over to the cupboard.

"Come here please Jamie!"

He looked up and stared open mouthed at the black tawse in her
hand. She picked one of the punishment slips.

"Quickly boy! I don't have much time. Hold out your hand!"

The three lashes she gave him stung like crazy. He bit his lip,
determined not to cry.

""Good boy, that's one more out of the way." She tore up the old
piece of paper, sent him back to his desk and smiled. "Was that
the first time you've ever received a punishment on your hand
Jamie?" He nodded. "Yes miss." "Well, it certainly won't be the
last. Now then, if you finish your work before I get back, you
may watch some television in the living room, okay?" Jamie looked
up with surprise. "Oh thank you miss!"

She opened the door and turned. "Oh, and Jamie. There's a tape
measure on my desk. You'll need it for one of the questions. Bye
bye."

He listened to the sound of his teachers car disappearing down
the drive and sighed. His palm was pink from the cut of the
tawse. Blowing on it, he started to read what she'd left him, his
eyes widening at some of the more graphic descriptions. The last
page contained a list of questions to be answered on a separate
sheet, most of them designed to check that he'd understood the
text.

His eye fell on question nine. 'Pretend you have already started
puberty and write one page on how your body is changing.'

A whole page. Jamie groaned. He hated writing!

Picking up a blank sheet of paper, he quickly looked at the last
question. He blinked and read it again. What? But? He re-read it
a few times, his mouth wide open in astonishment. So that's why
she'd mentioned the tape measure!

'When a boy has an erection, his penis stiffens and increases in
size. The difference in size can vary considerably. Using a
flexible tape measure, measure the length of your penis and the
circumference around the middle. Record the figures on a separate
piece of paper. Make your penis erect and repeat these
measurements. Calculate the difference between them. Repeat this
exercise daily during the holidays displaying the figures neatly
in a table.'

Jamie looked out of the window and sighed. He wrote the date and
underlined it neatly. Question one..

"Excellent Joyce, really excellent!" John Slack rose from his
armchair and opened the curtains before switching off the film
projector. Miss Turner put her tea down and laughed. "Yes, I knew
you'd appreciate them John. Lovely boy isn't he? Rather like Ben.
Remember him?"

Mr Slack paused, lost in thought. Oh yes, he remembered Ben. How
could he forget!

"So what do you think?" Joyce asked, starting to put the film
back in its container. "Should I carry on as agreed?"

Her friend nodded. "Absolutely. I'll go through what we have and
start making a few still photos to send out. Most of the film
requires editing, but I'd like to wait for a while. When do you
plan to cane him?"

Miss Turner's eyes twinkled. "Tonight after tea" she replied.
"Then at roughly the same time every day. Only, tonight I'd like
to cane him over his shorts. Of course, they're coming down
tomorrow."

"Perfect!" Mr Slack stroked his cheek. "So if you bring the films
over the day after tomorrow, I can start putting it all
together." He looked thoughtful for a second. "How about the
other scenes?" he asked after a pause. "Didn't you have a few
ideas?" He grinned and Joyce chuckled, blushing slightly.

"Oh yes John, lot's of ideas."

"Well?"

"For a start, I thought of getting him to do PE in the nude. Not
outside of course-I couldn't hide the camera-but perhaps in one
of the large guestrooms. I have quite a selection of keep-fit
equipment there."

Mr Slack nodded. "Good idea" he said, already thinking of the
price it would fetch.

"Possibly before that, I'd like a scene where I catch him
masturbating and keep him naked all day as punishment."

John laughed. "Have the camera focused on his desk and make sure
he sits with his legs open! That would be a beautiful shot."

"Then, I thought about a nice little masturbation scene on its
own." Her eyes narrowed. "Though one where I make him do it!"

"You're thinking of making him wank himself in front of you?" He
looked at her astonished. "Do you think he'd be able to?"

Joyce sat back in the comfy leather chair and looked a little
embarrassed. "Actually, I might even do it myself. Well, I'll
have to wait till he's more relaxed about me examining him, but I
don't see why not." John nodded and she continued. "He already
knows I'll be checking his balls every day. He's just starting
puberty. It's perfectly normal that I check that everything else
works correctly."

"What about his studies?" John grinned. "Do you actually have
time for any teaching?"

Miss Turner looked at him in mock surprise. "John, I'll have you
know that Jamie is working very hard. I wouldn't be at all
surprised if he's the top of the class when school starts in
September!"

"Oh I do hope not Joyce." retorted John jokingly. "You don't want
to deprive me of one of my little pleasures do you? I was rather
looking forward to caning that nice backside of his again!"

"Now John, that is something I would never do-you know that." She
suddenly laughed. "In fact, you've just reminded me. Would you
like to come for lunch in a few days? I could give you some more
recordings and you could see for yourself how Jamie is getting
on."

"That's very kind of you." He was silent for a few seconds. They
looked at each other. Joyce threw back her head and laughed.

"You are funny John. We've known each other for years. I know
exactly what you're thinking. Don't worry. I promise you, Jamie's
bottom will be on the menu - just after the cheese I think." John
roared with laughter. He wiped his eyes.

"Thanks Joyce. I'd love to come."

