For the next few weeks, Dan works on the Barn Owl study during the daytime, and hones his body at night, preparing himself for what he feels will be the final showdown with Veidt. It's hard work, of course. His body is flabby from too many years of inactivity and bad Chinese takeouts, but he keeps at his daily exercise routines, adds a mile to his jogs every other day, and finally builds a new laser gun to replace the one he lost in Karnak.

Laurie watches him go about his work with a worried look in her eyes. The zoo is taking up more and more of her time now, and some zookeepers have even recommended she take up a correspondence course in animal management since she seems to have a natural affinity for working with the different creatures under her care. When she does come home, though, she finds Dan bent over some part of Archie that he's upgrading, or else practicing with a battered old punching bag down in the basement.

"Something's wrong, isn't it, Dan?" She asks one night, watching him fiddle with the night-vision settings on his goggles. "Could you at least tell me what it is that's got you so worked up?"

There's no answer. She sighs, goes over to him and takes the goggles from his unresisting hands. "Dan? Please?"

"Laurie, I -" He struggles with his conscience. "I just feel so cooped up in here sometimes, is all. I mean you have your work with the zoo, and all I have is Archie, and this stupid study that's probably useless anyway. I just wish there was more for me to do around here, you know? So I thought I'd get in shape, work out a proper patrol schedule like we used to have. Try and make more of a difference. We can't let Adrian have all the fun, can we?"

Laurie smiles uncertainly. "I guess. It feels like we're spending too much time apart now; like I know you're here, and that I can find you whenever, but we're pulling apart. So if it's anything serious, just tell me, all right? I can handle it, whatever it is. I don't want you becoming another Jon."

"Like Jon? Don't worry. I'm not going to turn blue and start controlling matter with my mind anytime soon," Dan tells her. They hug and he plants a kiss on her lips. "I'm sorry, I know I haven't been a very good superhero boyfriend lately. It's just this work I've been planning. But after next week? It's all about you, I promise."

"Superhero boyfriend? I like that! Makes you sound all dangerous and exciting… OK, I'll leave you to it. Just don't work too hard."

As Laurie leaves, Dan wonders how it got to be quite this easy to lie to her. Then he thinks about guns and bullets, and gets back to work.

***

The next time Dan goes to Veidt Towers, it is at night, and during a torrential downpour. He flies Archie over to the building complex, maneuvering it so that his entry to Adrian's penthouse apartment will be as easy as possible; he doesn't want to fall forty stories to his death in the rain just because he slipped on his radar-invisible ship. Actually entering the building is not a challenge in itself; Dan simply uses his laser gun to cut a wide enough hole in the plate-glass that he can fit through. But at this altitude and with the winds whipping up around him, crossing the gangplank to said opening is hazardous, even with the specialised grips built into his Nite Owl suit's boots, so Dan moves slowly until he reaches the window and pushes himself through with a sigh of relief. He returns the ship home remotely and feels a little empty as he hears it take off into the distance.

Flicking on the small infra-red switch on his goggles, Dan makes his way slowly down the ornate corridor to the double doors that lead to Adrian's private quarters. He's never been in there before, but the added modifications to his goggles amplify his surroundings and Dan hopes that will give him the advantage he needs in the fight ahead. A small, ever-pessimistic part of him hisses that, even with all the various enhancements to his suit he's crafted in the past eight weeks, he'll be lucky to leave Veidt Towers alive at all. Well, at least he'd do the world a favour and take Veidt out along with him. That would be Dan's late apology to the rest of humanity. He wonders about Laurie and hopes she forgives him after she reads the letter that will be delivered to her next week, informing her why he's chosen to do this. If, by some miracle, he's alive at the end of tonight, Dan thinks he'd like to try and start a family with her. Try and raise their kids to be little vigilantes when they're old enough; see if their kids will be any less fucked up than their parents.

Dan shakes his head to clear his thoughts, and reaches for his utility belt, about to pick the lock to Adrian's bedroom, when he realises the door is ajar already. Rorschach would have said that it looks like a trap, and it probably is; only Dan has come too far to abort the mission now. If he leaves it another few months, he doesn't think he'll get another chance at this, and besides, if Adrian is on to him already then there's no point prolonging the torture. He pushes the door open as quietly as he can and steps inside, listening for the tell-tale swish of a cape dragging on marble floors, but is relieved when he hears nothing. Taking a breath, Dan looks at his new surroundings; there is a king-sized bed on a platform overlooking another panoramic view of the city, a desk and chair and bookshelves lining the walls of the bedroom, crammed to overflowing with various books and assorted bits of antiques, photographs and old 45 records. It's all very interesting, but Dan's attention focuses on the figure lying prone on the bed. Squinting through his goggles, Dan makes out the faint shape of Adrian's body under the covers.

This is it. There is no going back now. Dan moves quickly and as quietly as he can manage, holding the laser gun out in front of him. He's going to enjoy this, he thinks; saving the world from the ambitions of Adrian Veidt will be a pleasure. He moves to the side of the bed and is about to trigger the gun, when something hits him on the side of his face, with enough momentum to knock him onto the bed. Before Dan can fully grasp what is going on, there is a sharp blow on his wrist, forcing him to drop the laser. He hears it being kicked away somewhere. Then there are blinding lights in his eyes and with his goggles still set on night-vision mode, Dan is forced to raise his hands to his eyes.

"Daniel." It is as cold a tone as he's ever heard Adrian use. "That's enough."

"Like hell!" Dan growls, changes the setting on his goggles to normal. Adrian flickers into view, dressed in his Ozymandias suit and by the look in his eyes, Dan knows he's crossed a line that Adrian marked in the sand a very long time ago. Reaching for his belt again, Dan finds the pellet-sized smoke grenade he's been working on and throws it at Adrian in one fluid movement, pushing himself up from the bed at the same time. Clouds of thick smoke bloom where it lands, and Dan knows he has less than five seconds before Veidt overcomes the choking smoke and finds him. Using what little advantage he has, Dan aims a kick at Adrian's head, but his foot is caught immediately. A glance at the other man tells Dan that Adrian is holding his breath, and by a sheer force of will, not blinking. Then Dan is tossed across the room and Adrian is standing over him again, with a bemused smirk twisting his full lips, a booted foot pressing Dan's back hard against the cold marble floor.

"Dan, Dan, Dan. I must congratulate you. That grenade is an inspired touch; very original. Although, I am very disappointed that you were fooled by the dummy in my bed." Veidt points to the life-size mannequin arranged amongst the downy purple pillows and blankets. "I did expect better, in that respect. But your use of technology is impeccable, as I expected. And you've come back, as I said you would."

"To kill you!"

"Ah," Adrian arches an eyebrow, steps backward, releasing Dan. "So you like to tell yourself. Was that ever your plan, Daniel? Shall I tell you the real reason you keep coming back here? Back to me?"

The tone of suggestion in his voice is infuriating, and Dan rises from the floor with a guttural roar. He swings blindly at Adrian, only to have his blows blocked with disdainful ease. Adrian's face is serene as he deflects the punches and kicks Dan aims at his his solar plexus, chest, arms, head. The lack of emotion is driving Dan mad. With a half-choked scream of frustration, he throws a punch and overextends his arm, giving Adrian the opening he needs. Adrian ducks, tackles Dan around the waist, pushes him up against the bookcase. Before Dan can try anything else, he is punched smartly in the stomach. It winds him and he collapses to the floor in stunned silence.

"Now we can talk without you interrupting me." Adrian walks to his desk, presses a concealed button. Thick drapes lower over the windows and blot out the New York skyline. He turns a dial and dims the lights as well. The vastness of the room shrinks and suddenly they are sitting in a small pool of light around Adrian's desk.

"You are ill at ease in my new world, aren't you; you think I've taken your life away from you." It isn't a question, and Dan can't answer anyway, so he just sits and listens as Adrian continues. "And yet, you don't seem to realise that it was my very creation of this peace that allowed your own rebirth. Oh yes, Dan. You found your life's purpose again last year when you were tracking my movements, investigating Rorschach's Mask Killer, wooing Laurel away from Jon. You felt that you were your true self when you put on that suit of yours. You felt passion again, Dan, so many years after Nixon crushed it out of you. And now?"

Here Adrian pauses, looks at Dan. "Now, Daniel, you seek me out, however unwillingly you make it out to be. You define yourself by me. I am the opposite of anything you are, or so you tell yourself. I am evil incarnate and I have gotten away with my inhuman plan to save humanity. That is why you avoided me at first, because you were disgusted by the sacrifices I made on the behalf of others'. And so you think to murder me, to avenge the deaths of all those millions I killed. Oh, I must not forget Rorschach as well. Yes, you think that this is especially for him. But what you do not understand, Dan, is that if you kill me, there will not be a villain in your life for you to oppose. Think on it. If I die now, how will you structure your life? The streets are almost free of crime: there is no need for a Nite Owl now. The police are becoming better organised and have made significant inroads into the gang problem. You risk becoming out of place already. With me gone, do you think you will have anyone to oppose you in the same way you think I do? We are too much part of each other now, you and I. I would have let you go on with your silly notions of righting my wrongs, but my work is too valuable to let you interfere with. This silly charade of yours must end tonight."

"You're mad." Dan whispers. It hurts to talk, and Adrian's words have chilled him to the bone. "Fuck. Adrian… All your crazy schemes to manufacture your false peace have driven you insane!"

"Am I?" Adrian walks over, hooks his arms under Dan's armpits and hauls him to his feet. "You and I both know that is unlikely. But if I am, then please, do go ahead and continue with your plan to rid the world of my madness. There is a knife of some sort in your belt, isn't there? Well, then. Here I am."

He steps back, opens his arms again in a gesture that manages to be both martyr-like and mocking. Standing directly under the glow of one of the spotlights, Adrian's eyes are hidden in shadow and his hair reflects the light, creating the illusion of a halo. He looks like a tarnished angel. Dan swallows, reaches for the sharpened crescent of titanium hanging on his belt. This isn't how he planned for things to turn out. Veidt should be crying, begging for a chance to redeem himself, telling Dan that it was all a mistake and asking him for forgiveness. He shouldn't be like this, all calm composure and assured self-righteousness, looking like some ancient Greek statue come to life.

Stop it, Daniel. The voice in his head sounds eerily like Rorschach's. He killed millions. No pity. None for scum like him. Do it. But all Dan can do is bring the blade up to the side of Adrian's neck and press it against his skin, where the sharp edge draws a smudge of red.

"You're wrong about me," he tells Adrian, hoping the other man doesn't see the desperation in his eyes. "You destroyed everything I was at Karnak." Suddenly he can't say anything more, because the knife is clattering to the floor and he is threading gloved fingers through Adrian's hair and then he is saying,

"Fix me, you bastard," before kissing Veidt like a man about to die, whilst the world collapses around him again like a fragile house of cards.

If Adrian knew it was going to happen like this, he doesn't stop Dan to gloat. Instead, he responds in kind, presses his fingers against the back of Dan's head to deepen the kiss, his tongue probing the depths of the younger man's mouth. The voice in Dan's head that sounds like Rorschach is screaming, but Dan doesn't pay attention. He can't, doesn't want to, not when Adrian is taking him to pieces with his lips and tongue and fingers. He strips Dan of his costume easily without breaking their kiss, fingers unfastening buckles, unzipping zippers, lingering over every patch of skin that they uncover. Dan tries to do likewise, but his movements are less fluid, less certain. He fumbles with the intricacies of Adrian's suit, forcing them apart whilst he tries to pull off armour that moulds all too easily around the athletic perfection of Adrian's body. After a while, with only the top part of his suit removed, Adrian pushes Dan onto the bed with a hint of impatience. He takes off the rest of the suit himself and, even though his goggles have been removed, Dan is breathless at the sight of Adrian naked.

Adrian lowers himself over Dan, takes his wrists and pins them over his head, studying the man underneath him. Dan shifts uncomfortably. It is hard to comprehend what just happened, what final thread of his self-control snapped to allow Adrian fucking Veidt to have him naked and vulnerable like this. Adrian stares at Dan as though he's a complex mathematical puzzle that he has to find a workable solution to. Yet, now, there is a look of detached indulgence that accompanies Veidt's assessment of Dan, like an absent parent noticing their wayward child for the first time.

"Fix you," Adrian murmurs. "Oh but Daniel, you have already tried fixing yourself. Let me show you why it didn't work."

His first kiss is a mere brushing of lips against the hollow of Dan's neck, but the pressure of lips against skin builds as Adrian kisses his way down Dan's body, carefully skirting Dan's erection, nipping and licking sensitive areas that make Dan hiss and gasp like he's being burnt. Adrian continues to tease him like this until Dan is almost crying, pleading for Adrian to end it.

"No. You must learn patience."

With that, Adrian kisses Dan's protesting mouth, their tongues meeting, tangling briefly and Dan pulls back to gasp as Veidt runs his hands down his back, cupping his ass. Dan sucks in a breath, arches himself against Adrian, pressing their hot skin together.

"Adrian! I -"

"Hush, Dan. Patience, as I said. Patience and control." He disentangles himself from Dan, moves over to the bedside table and produces a small, inconspicuous tube from a drawer. Adrian coats his fingers with a thick layer of lube before returning to Dan, nudging his legs apart with his thigh. He braces one arm across Dan's chest and trails the other down his chest.

"Ready?" And even though Dan nods furiously, Adrian's hand takes a leisurely journey down Dan's body, stroking his thighs, cupping his balls, before probing gently at the pucker of Dan's asshole. Dan's trying very hard not to mewl in frustration and Adrian glances at him with an indulgent smile before breaching him with two lubricated fingers. They press upwards, searching and suddenly Dan is howling as they find their mark, his cock leaking precum and leaving smears on the white skin of Adrian's belly as he arches upwards.

"Do you want it, Dan?" Adrian is asking , his voice low, tight with control. "Do you want me?"

"Yes!" Dan says. Yes because he's so tired of fighting, of opposing, of trying to be right. Yes, because he wants to go on living. Yes, because he needs this now. Yes, because if Adrian doesn't fuck him right now, he thinks he'll go crazy. Yes, because he's not sure what anything is anymore.

He misses the small smile of victory on Veidt's face as Adrian lifts his hips, pulls his fingers out and sinks himself into Dan. Dan groans as Adrian fills him, but Adrian is silent, withdrawing nearly all the way before plunging in again. He fucks Dan steadily, their hips rubbing together, quiet except for the sound of skin slapping wetly against skin. Dan reaches between them to take his aching cock in hand, but Adrian knocks his hand away. This is about control, his expression seems to say, and Adrian Veidt is nothing if not in supreme control of his body. There is a flush about his cheeks, but he doesn't gasp and moan the way Dan does. Adrian bends down, his lips brushing Dan's ear, his hips starting to move faster.

"You want me to fix you, do you Dan? You want me to take this all away, bring everyone back?" One of his hands is enveloping Dan's cock in a sure grip, stroking him in time with Adrian's thrusts. "Or do you want me to make you anew? Turn you into everything you should have been, but have never had the chance to become? Tell me, Dan. Let me know if you want to be part of me, or apart from me. Say it, Dan. Say it!"

But Dan can't. He is coming: his eyes screwed shut against the violence of his climax, his hands freeing themselves from Adrian's grip to clutch at his arms as his body jackknifes off the bed. Adrian follows him a short time later, a low groan the only indication of his orgasm.

Silence. They lie together for an age, their limbs entwined with each others', a tangle of sweaty skin and cooling spunk. Eventually Adrian gets up, pushes Dan away not unkindly, and moves to the bathroom where Dan can hear him cleaning up. After a few minutes, Adrian returns with a wet towel, which he tosses at Dan. Once they are both clean, they lie together on the bed, warily at ease with each other after their earlier violence.

"Sleep now," Adrian tells Dan, and turning on his side so that his back is towards Dan, he switches off the lights, plunging the room into cold darkness that is like the inside of a tomb. "We'll see what the world has in store for you tomorrow, my Lazarus."

***

When Dan wakes, it is alone to the sight of sunlight pouring in through the window. The drapes have been raised and the city before him is bathed in the soft golden glow of the morning. He has a fleeting memory of being woken in the night and Adrian taking him with exquisite slowness, teasing him until Dan was nearly delirious with need and then fucking him from behind, his fingers in Dan's hair, holding him in place. Adrian had been muttering words in Latin that made no sense to Dan's befuddled senses; all he could think about was the strange unreality of the situation, and the burning need he felt for Adrian's skin against his. He remembers screaming into his pillow as he climaxed, white stars dancing in front of his eyes.

Dan blinks and stretches, feels the tug of protesting muscles and the slight soreness that indicates a little too much physical exertion. The sheets his legs are tangled in are stained with smears of semen and Dan wrinkles his nose, pushes them away. He washes in Veidt's ridiculously large bathroom, admiring Adrian's skill at leaving no discernible marks on his skin. No, he thinks wryly, the bruises are hidden away underneath it. He still can't quite comprehend what he's done, but somehow he feels stronger than he has in months, more at peace. He knows it's wrong, of course, because Rorschach would say so and Jon would tell him that it won't last; but here, now, he feels a calm that has eluded him since Karnak.

His Nite Owl costume has been taken away and a tailored suit has been offered in its place. It is very likely from Adrian's personal couturier in Savile Row, Dan guesses, and it fits his body like a glove, though he thinks he will wear it only this one time to get home and then put it away somewhere Laurie won't be able to find it. A replacement pair of glasses are black-rimmed and heavy, sitting imperfectly on his nose. He knots that tie that Adrian has provided, raising an eyebrow at the stylised motif of a Horned Owl in flight.

There is a plate on Adrian's desk that holds two figs, and a plain white envelope with a Veidt Enterprises crest on the corner. Dan opens it and is surprised to find nothing but a card with a telephone number inscribed in raised black type. Adrian's private line, he thinks, and bites into one of the figs. The skin of the fruit splits open to reveal the soft fleshy mass of seeds inside. Dan expects an image from Antarctica to flash through his memory, as has been the case for so long now, but instead finds himself thinking of sinking his teeth into the pristine paleness of Adrian's skin. He can picture the two of them naked, Adrian underneath him, moving in perfect time with each other.

It is an image that doesn't disturb him. In fact, he finds it quite reassuring. This frightens Dan badly.

As he leaves Veidt Towers (Adrian has been called away to meetings all day, it seems), Dan expects himself to hear Rorschach in his mind, berating him for his sickening capitulation. But the voice is silent. He gets a cab home, too disturbed to talk to the cabbie, who rants about making nice with Commies.

That night, with Laurie's arm around his waist in the darkness, listening to the soft fall of the rain outside his window, Dan thinks of someone else next to him. He does not dream of Karnak at all.

Adrian's private phone rings the next day, as he knew it would.

Lazare, veni foras.
- John 11:43