I sat on the beach and watched the setting sun. My sister Maria invited me to vacation in Puerto Rico for a week with her husband Juan and their son Danny. She thought it would be good to get in touch with family roots. We got lucky for early September. No rain. No hurricanes. It was a beautiful afternoon.
The beach was pretty empty. I had walked a bit from the hotel to blow off some steam and finally sat on the sand where I felt I could be alone. _If she was so proud of her heritage, why were we staying in a fucking hotel._ I shouldn't complain though. Maria has been really gracious in letting me stay with her and her family since the beginning of the year when I lost my job. I've been picking up a few side jobs here and there but nothing consistent enough to move out yet.
43 years old, not allowed to drink on a vacation where I'm rooming with my 18-year-old nephew. Underneath my anger, I felt like a fucking loser.
"Tio..." I was surprised to hear my nephew Danny behind me. "I finally found you," he said, out of breath.
I turned around to see him bent over and panting with a beach towel in one hand and a bottle of Medalla Light Beer in the other. I didn't say anything. I couldn't. I was caught speechless as the setting sun bathed his caramel brown in a warm glow. His long black straight hair hung over his wide shoulders, left uncovered by his neon green tank top. His pink short shorts barely contained slim but muscular thighs leading down to tight calves and large bare feet. As he lifted his head, the sun reflected in his welcoming brown eyes. He was completely hairless aside from the hair on his head and some attempt at a mustache that topped his beaming smile.
"Sorry about mom. I'll leave these back here... y'know, in case you want them. Hope you enjoy that brownie." And after a wink and smile, he placed both the towel and Medalla in the sand a few feet behind me and started a jog back to the hotel.
Maria and I just had our first fight in months. I've had drinking problems in the past, but that was the past. She hasn't realized I've changed or that I've been trying, and her "rules" like no beer or wine with dinner set me off. As I left dinner, Danny handed me a brownie and said "It'll make you feel better, I promise." I didn't know what he was talking about but I was hungry so I ate it on the way here.
If I'm being honest, Danny is the biggest reason I've changed. No matter what, he's always got a smile on his face and he's always been kind to me even when I was an asshole. It can't be easy being out and gay like he is, especially with my side of the family... but he does it.
And I don't even mind staying in the same room with him. We had to share a room for a few days back in July, and as far as I know, he didn't say anything to Maria about me getting shitfaced that first night...or about me sleeping naked. I don't feel judged and that makes me want to be better.
As the sun set, I closed my eyes and smiled. I could hear nothing but waves and the sound of impending nightfall. I felt at peace and one with myself and the world around me. I could feel the wind blow through each strand of the hair that covered my body from head to toe. My senses were heightened, from the smell of the beach to the touch of my feet on the sand...wet sand... _Fuck_.
The tide had moved in and I didn't notice. It finally dawned on me that I had scarfed down a pot brownie. Laughing, I got up, shorts partly soaked along with the back of my t-shirt. I picked up the beer and beach towel and moved further back on the beach. Looking around, the beach was empty. The temperature was warm, but not hot... keeping the wet shorts on probably wasn't a great idea. _Fuck it._ I tossed off my shorts and boxers, set down the towel and laid down half naked.
Laying down felt like jumping into the pool of my own self-consciousness. My high hit me fully and every inch of my skin felt vibrant and free in the night air. As I closed my eyes, I envisioned my own body from a bird's eye view. 5'7" laying on my back, hands under my head, the top of which is covered in curly, thick black and grey hair. My face is clean-shaven for the first time all year, revealing a strong jawline that fit with my masculine brow. The t-shirt can't hide sizable pecs and a thick torso. I'm a muscular guy, a bit slimmed down in the last few months to a hefty 190 lbs. My tan, Puerto Rican skin is mostly covered by thick curly black and grey hair from my feet, up my strong calves, on to my meaty thighs and to my forest of a crotch.
My view dives in closer to admire the exposed package between my spread-out legs. I don't remember the last time I trimmed my pubic hair. But no matter how thick and long the curly black hair gets, my dick and balls are always easy to find. Even soft, my several inches of uncut meat hang in the moonlight. My dick sits on top of two globes encased in my flesh sack resting on the towel.
I hadn't smoked any weed in almost 20 years. I forgot how it felt...how it made me feel. But I soon remembered as I felt warmth radiate down my chest and up my legs, meeting in the depth of my balls and slowing making its way to the tip of my dick. This might be my only private time before going back to the room with Danny. _I wonder what he would think of my dick._ Before I let those thoughts settle, I sat up and reached for the Medalla. "Shit!" I muttered to myself as I startled, noticing that my nephew was walking along the beach towards me. _Am I dreaming?_
Danny waved as I quickly covered my exposed genitals with my still-wet shorts. "Hey Tio, enjoying that brownie," he called as he drew nearer. Again, I'm lost for words as Danny walks across the beach, dressed only in a red speedo. His slim, but athletic figure looked even better in the moonlight than it did in the setting sun. He somehow appeared both average and model-like at the same time. His slim build from a distance disguised a body clearly trained for years by athletic activity. A tall caramel glass of perfection, punctuated by two large mocha chocolate-colored nipples and a bright, Cheshire cat smile.
Danny continued to walk towards me and I couldn't tell whether I was more dumbstruck by my paranoia or his striking looks. "Let me get that for you," he remarked as he knelt down next to me and gently took the Medalla from my side. With what looked like a Swiss army knife or a keychain, he opened the bottle and looked me in the eyes, "I should have warned you about that. You looked stoned as fuck." Hearing Danny curse relaxed me a bit. I'd never heard him swear even once.
"Here. Open up." He brought the bottle to my lips as I opened my mouth. I took the bottle from his hands and continued to swig. He used a thumb to wipe some of the beer that had dripped onto my chin...and then sucked the finger dry. His full lips were a pink-ish brown that suited his skin tone, a shade or two darker than mine.
His eyes looked down below my mid-section. "You know, you don't have to hide anything. I've seen it before." I wasn't sure if he was talking about dick in general or my dick specifically. I was still too high to respond. "Look. Maybe this will help you relax." Danny stood back up and pulled down his speedo. Shocked, my eyes scanned from his feet to his flaccid uncut dick, set below neatly trimmed pubes and in front of a tight ball sack. Unlike my dick, his glans was exposed while soft.
Before I could speak a word, he started, "Did you know I did gymnastics for years?" With that, he turned and started a sprint. His ass in motion was mesmerizing. Two solid, shapely mounds of flesh and muscle pumped and jiggled before taking to the air along with the rest of his legs. Danny had completed a cartwheel into two backflips before I could collect myself. Without a minute's rest, he moved into a straddle handstand, doing a split while upside down, facing away from me... _I wish I could get closer_...and then facing forward, his dick and balls hanging and his upside-down smile beaming.
Danny returned, panting, laughing. "Smile, Tio. You're so tense." Still sitting up with my t-shirt on and my shorts covering my crotch, I tried think of something to say. "I know what to do," Danny sighed as he walked behind me and knelt to the ground. His smooth hands met my shoulders and began a tough massage that was stronger than expected for someone his weight. "Uhhh," I softly moaned inadvertently. Danny pulled off my t-shirt to no resistance, and my arms fell weightless to my sides as he used his soft hands, elbows and knees to engage my shoulders, upper back and lower back. It had been so long since I had been touched...and now for Danny to rub me so roughly, yet so sweetly was more than I could have wished for.
I could feel his breath on my neck, as I closed my eyes and let my head fall back onto his shoulders. His chest pressed against my back as he reached his hands and long fingers to my pecs, caressing, massaging. If his moves were not so effective at releasing the tension in my body, I'd say this was more sensual than therapeutic. He stretched out my shoulders, arms and then laid me on my back and moved to my legs. I was stretched, pushed, pulled. _Where did he learn all this?_ Danny was not shy about touching his naked body against mine. I could feel his sweat dripping onto my chest, my thighs. I could hear his labored breaths as he forcefully moved my heavy body. Although Danny was clearly 6ft tall or more, he had to weigh less than 170 lbs.
My eyes stayed closed. I did not want this session to end. But I smelled something...more than sweat...it was the musk of my pubic hair, my scrotum, my dick. As Danny finally released my legs and let me lay there on my back, legs and arms spread out, I opened my eyes. He kneeled at my feet, with that smile, with his eyes locked on mine, with his hair over his shoulders, his smooth broad shoulders. My eyes glanced at something else: I enjoyed the massage and stretching session so much that I did not realize my hardening rod below. My dick, and all of its 9 thick inches were fully erect pointing at a 45-degree angle towards my face. Despite being fully sheathed, glistening precum leaked out and onto my stomach. Before getting embarrassed, I looked past my boner to see Danny hard as well. Although not as a long or thick, his dick was clearly hard with a downward curve.
Before I could look back at Danny, he put something in my mouth, a gummy bear, I think. "It's not about being gay or straight," he said. "It's about being free. Free to be yourself and to do what you want." He stood up, put his speedo back on and said, "Good night, Tio. See you back at the hotel."
Stunned, I laid there. I chewed the gummy bear and stayed in silence, listening to the waves, smelling the beach and reflecting on those last words.
The walk back was longer than I expected. It wasn't until I arrived at the hotel that I realized the gummy bear was just like the brownie, making the night seem even more surreal. The lobby and the hotel halls were empty. It was late. When I got to the room, I expected Danny to be asleep. The lights were off as I slowly opened the room door.
He wasn't asleep. Danny was laying on his bed, naked. His pose, laying on his side with his head resting on his hand, was feminine, like something out of Bond movie and his usual smile was gone. As I entered the room, he just watched me, his eyes staring into mine. I was high as fuck and had no idea what to do. Our beds were side by side, like the usual hotel double room. I walked over the side of my bed and sat down. We stared at each other in the darkness, in the moonlight as it came through the window.
Danny's eyes were usually welcoming. Now, they were demanding. They were seductive, yet assertive. There was a hunger in his eyes that needed to be satiated. _Free to be yourself and do what you want_. I wanted to take my dick out. I wanted to please myself. I wanted Danny to witness this cock at its biggest and best. I wanted Danny to want me the way I have wanted him for months.
I slowly pulled off my t-shirt. Without breaking eye contact, I removed my sandals, pulled down my shorts and underwear and spread my legs widely as I sat on the edge of the bed. His expression did not change. I used my right hand to swing my dick around a bit and give it some air, while pulling on my sack to let it breathe. _That got his attention_. Danny's eyes on my dick was more satisfying than I thought it would be. Immediately, my manhood started to grow like air slowly flowing into a balloon. Hands-free, we both watched it rise to attention. At half-mast, I pulled back my foreskin to show the glans and showcase my precum. I've always leaked like a faulty faucet. In the moonlight, the clear sticky liquid dropped from the head of my dick onto the floor.
I could tell it was difficult for Danny not to break character. His face tried to hide how taken he was by my massive dong. As it continued to grow, I used my increasingly flowing precum to wet my 9-inch shaft. Thick as the Medalla I drank earlier, there was a lot of surface area to cover, but my steady stream was enough to cover it all. At this point, I had to start stroking my dick with a slow and steady pace. It felt too good to keep my hands off. My hormones took over as I moaned and tilted my head back. From base to head, I coated the shaft with a layer of pre-nut, enough to slide both hands up and down with ease. My hands were rough from manual labor, but while they were wet and slimy with my own fluid, I enjoyed how they slowly felt every inch of my dick as if memorizing its shape through touch.
I noticed Danny rise and get onto his hands and knees on his bed. He turned away from me and lowered his face to the bed while reaching both hands back and... _Fucking hell..._ He grabbed both ass cheeks and spread them to reveal the prettiest hole I'd ever seen. It was smooth, tight, brown as the rest of his skin and surrounded by the lightest circle of black hair. Danny sucked on his right index finger and lowered it underneath his body and behind him, between his ass cheeks and onto his sweet pucker. Rubbing it around, he moaned lightly, before sliding into his tight sphincter, forcing out an even louder moan.
Watching this unfold in front of me, I had to let go of my dick before it exploded. I can usually last forever but this was too much for me. Beautiful, innocent Danny sliding his long, smooth finger into his perfect asshole. He must have noticed because he quickly got off the bed and hurried onto his knees to kneel before me. "I am ready for your gift" he said as he inhaled deeply, inches from my balls. I know I reeked of sweat, precum and musky man- pubes but it clearly made Danny's dick jump with excitement.
"Get on the bed. I want you to get all of it." I spoke without thinking.
Danny climbed onto the bed and laid on his back, waiting with his dick hard and leaking with his own precum. I straddled on my knees over his crotch, pumping my pulsating staff as my low-hanging sack swung back and forth, grazing his dick and thighs. _This is it. It's happening._ I look down at my dick; I look at the single vein throbbing down its center; I look at Danny's torso, his saucer nipples, his big wet lips...Waves of ecstasy cascade down my body, through my balls and slowly up my dick until...
I pull my foreskin back as the first rocket flies past the headboard into the wall. I aim lower and the second solid string of thick cum hits Danny's chin like a bullet before splattering. I try to contain my screams as the waves keep coming. A third solid string spirals towards Danny's head again but this time, his uplifted face catches it on his lips. I spasm as the cum now sprays as if the settings on a hose have been changed to a mist-like shower. My jizz coats Danny's face, his chest, his abdomen, no inch of skin on his upper body goes uncovered. Final spurts of cum shoot and then drip from my still-hard dick as my body shakes. With my head spinning, I fall to my side onto the bed, collapsing in a daze of weed- and orgasm-induced euphoria.
"Oh....my god" mumbles Danny through jizz-covered lips. I look over at him as he licks his lips clean. His face, his torso and some of his arms are covered with a white coating, thicker in some places than in others. It looked as if someone spilled a glass of sticky milk over his body. The surprises were not over as Danny proceeded to scoop up the cum on his face with his fingers and put them in his mouth to suck clean. Methodically, he moved from his forehead down to his chin, to his shoulders and so on all the way down to his waist. His eyes closed with each taste, as if he were savoring a gourmet dish.
Watching Danny lick and swallow my cum sparked another fire inside me. My dick had been resting on my stomach, slowly deflating, but started to rise again with this new stimulation. _Fuck. You dirty cocksucker_. Something primal took over me as both hands returned to my full-sized fuck stick. I pumped hard and fast as my cum-covered nephew did his best to swallow the load I gifted him. _Dirty fucking slut. I guess that makes me even dirtier_. My thoughts were riled up even more than before. I got back on my knees to straddle Danny again, but this time over his face.
I let my ball sack cover his nose and his mouth as I slapped my long hard dick on his forehead. "You can't get enough of this cum, can you." I pulled back my foreskin so I could rub my precum on his long black beautiful hair. Danny moaned a response but it was drowned out by my oversized balls covering his mouth. I could hear him inhaling as hard as he could. The thought of me, a hairy, short, muscular, monster-cocked daddy suffocating this smooth young cocksucker with my hairy balls turned me on in ways I couldn't expect. As I felt my sack tighten, I moved back and off of Danny's mouth and held it open with my left hand.
"An extra gift for a good boy." I grunted as I pulled back my foreskin and shot spurts of hot semen directly into his open mouth. "Uhhhh... nnn.....uck" was all he could muster as I held his lips open with my hand and as he tried not to choke on the hot cum hitting the back of his throat. I squeezed out the last bits of splooge onto his lips and his tongue before slapping his cheeks with my softening but long member.
Completely exhausted and on Cloud 9, I fell face first onto the bed and passed out.