The vacation was rather mundane except that when we were in the house, none of us bothered with clothes. The feeling of freedom was wonderful.  The weather cooperated, providing us with pleasant days.  We enjoyed the pool and the spa regularly, and spent time just sunning ourselves.

At night, Lynn and I made love in the spacious bed.  Sometimes, we heard her parents having their fun also.

During the day, we played tourist in Indianapolis.  We saw the sights, and Lynn introduced me to several of her friends.

Tuesday morning, John took me to his office to meet his staff.  Lynn and Debi went shopping, definitely an activity I wished to avoid.  I met most of his senior staff and a couple of clients.  We went to The Hoosier Club for lunch.  Very expensive, but a man in his position needs to be able to entertain clients in places like this.

Wednesday evening, we had one of his junior execs for an evening in the country.  When Debi told me that company was coming, I asked what to wear.  She replied that they were nudists also, so I did not need to "dress up".  She also added that they were not swingers and they were bring their teenage children with them, that we must behave.

The family arrived right at 6:00.  The parents were in their late thirties, boy was 16, and the girl was 15.  The parents acted like they were at a normal social afternoon affair, but the two kids were into the pool as soon as their clothes came off.  The father was slim with dark hair.  The mother was a very statuesque woman, with C cup breasts and hips to match.  The boy was a younger version of their father, while the girl was slim with smallish breasts.

We had steaks on the grill and all the trimmings for supper.  We sat around the picnic table eating and having conversation.  The fathers were talking shop, the mothers were gossipping, and the teenagers were asking Lynn and me about the army and our various duties.  Lynn and I behaved ourselves quite properly, like we were at a normal clothed outing with our parents.  Even though there was no hint of impropriety, I knew the teenagers were sexually active.  The boy kept eyeing Lynn surreptitiously, and I caught the girl staring at my crotch several times.

Thursday night, Lynn and I were home alone for a while.  Lynn got frisky and asked if I had ever made love in a spa.  I said that I never had, so we went out, showered off, and got in.  We spent a long time just hugging, kissing, and generally making out.  We were not aware of the passing time as we were enjoying ourselves.  I finally had Lynn lay down and I began to nibble her pussy.  She spread her legs as far as they would go to give me complete access.  
I must have brought her off three or four times when I noticed the kitchen light was on.  I was scared for a couple of seconds knowing her parents were home, but I let that feeling go when I remembered Sunday night.  I watched the kitchen light go out and I figured they were heading to bed.  I sat up in the spa, facing their open bedroom door.  Lynn came over and started sucking my cock.  If her parents were watching, they had a perfect view.  I didn't see anything, but I heard rustling coming through the open door.
I laid down on the tile just outside the spa, and Lynn mounted me cowgirl style.  She was facing the open door, and if her parents were watching, there was no doubt that she was having sex.  As we were already aroused, it did not take either of us long to come.  After we came, she lay back on me and rolled off.  She rolled over and kissed me, got up, and helped me up.  As we walked to the shower, we smiled and waved at her parent's open bedroom door.

As we were going to leave Saturday morning, John and Debi decided to take us out to dinner at one of their favorite restaurants in town.  Lynn and I wore our greens, while John had on a three piece suit and Debi wore a low cut black dress.   We loaded up into the ElDorado and drove downtown.  We went to St. Elmo's Steakhouse.  Not a really ritzy place, but more than I would usually go to. the service was great and the steaks melted in our mouths.  We had the prime rib with all of the fixings and their famous pie for dessert.
 
As we drove home, Lynn and I snuggled together in the back seat of the car.  She turned to kiss me, and I responded.  Our kissing got more and more passionate.  I placed my hand on her knee and she spread her legs slightly.  I worked my hand up to caress the bare skin above her nylon tops.  She spread her legs even further, allowing me access all the way up.  I slid my hand up, feeling her heat and wetness.
"A little out of uniform, aren't we?"
"Who are you going to report me to?"
"How about your friend Captain Bain over in finance?"
"OOHH..  She might take that as an invitation,"
We chuckled out loud at that because she had a reputation of not being very picky about her choice of lovers.  
"Kids, are you behaving yourselves back there?"
"YES, MA'AM,"  we answered in unison.
We sat there in silence for a few seconds, then all four of us burst out laughing.

We got home about 8:30.  As it still light out, we thought we would relax in the spa for a while.  That sounded good to me as we had two long days ahead of us driving back to Savannah.
As we were walking in from the garage, I noticed a small flashing light just inside the door.  
"What is that?" I asked.  
John replied, "It means I have a message on my answering machine.  It beeps in my office only, but I had the light installed to let me know I have messages as soon as I get home."
Neat idea, I thought.
Debi headed into the master bedroom, John headed to his office, and Lynn and I went into the guest room.  A few seconds later, john came into the guest room and said, "Don, a Mr Bradley left a message for you to call him immediately.
We went into his office and he played the tape again.
"This is Mr Bradley.  Would you have SGT Broxton call me immediately.  If it is after duty hours, have him call the com site."
"You can use my phone right here, Don"
Reality came rushing back to me like a speeding truck.  We have a hot standby system at the comm site.  The only time both systems are being used was if there was something happening.  Even an ORE* wouldn't cause Chief to call me as it would have been over and the evaluators would be long gone.
"What's up, Chief?"
Crypto* card got jammed into the slot and damaged it.  Kline took the float unit down there and it won't sync with the system."
"Remember, Chief, The float units are configured for the vans, not the comm site.  The I/O cards and the timing have to be redone.  Do you have your tools with you?"
"Yes"
"I'll walk you through it."
Mr Bradley got back with me and I walked him through the settings.  We ran the operational tests on it and set up the code card.  The unit was back on line.  
Lynn stuck her head in the door and asked what was up.
I gave her the gist of the situation.
"Are we going to have to head back now?"
"No.  I think I have this under control.  
We are up and should be running in a few minutes.  I don't think we will have anymore problems.  Go out and enjoy yourself."
"Join us in the spa when you are done, Don."
"Chief, how is the tests coming?"
"Almost done, Don."
"By the way what's going on?  Anything serious?"
"Nothing out of the ordinary.  Fidel just invited Ivan over for their annual pool party*.  Just keeping tabs on the neighborhood to make sure nothing gets out of hand."
A few minutes later, Mr Bradley assured me that everything was OK and I could relax.

I went to the room to finish getting undressed.  I could see Lynn and her parents in the spa.  It seemed John had started the party early as he was sitting on the edge, enjoying having his cock sucked.
"Come on out.  The water's fine."
"Be right there, John."
I hurriedly stripped off the rest of my uniform.  I went out and got under the shower for a quick rinse.  
John was already enjoying his first fuck of the evening.  I got out of the shower and headed to the spa.
"OH, DADDY!!! FUCK MEEE!"
I looked at the pair.  John was not fucking his wife, Debi, but had his cock buried in his daughter, Lynn.  She had the look on her face that told me she was having a powerful orgasm.    Debi was seated on the other side of the spa, fingering herself as she watched the pair.
I was dumbfounded.  I couldn't think straight.
"Lynn???  What??"  No more words would come out.  I was standing there with my mouth open.
Lynn was coming down from her orgasmic high.  She looked over to me and said, "Silly boy, don't think that you are the only one with a deep dark family secret. I have the same relationship with my parents that you have with your mother."
I went into shock.  My mind froze.  She knows about me and Mom!  Not only does she know, she just told her parents also!
I don't know how long I stood there trembling.  What was going to happen to me now that my darkest secret was out?  Would anyone else find out?  Would I lose my career with the army?  These thoughts raced through my mind.  
All of a sudden, a flash of sanity struck me.  I just realized that Lynn had shared HER deepest, darkest secret with me.  And it was the same one!!  Who better to keep a secret than one who shared the same secret?  
All of a sudden, things became clear.  She had known for a while, probably since the day she had been with my Mother.  How did she find out, or did Mom tell her?  And Mom knew she knew, otherwise she would not have been encouraging me to marry her.  
I had a million questions.
"Lynn... what...  how...  what...?
Lynn slid off of her Father's lap and into the water.  
"I suppose it is only fair.  I had suspected for a while that you had secrets.  First, you never talked about our relationship in anything but the present.  No discussion of the future.  Second, you never asked more than the basics about my family.  t was like you were making polite conversation with a stranger.  And third, anytime your Mother came up in our conversation, you quickly changed the topic.  You probably did all of this without even thinking about it."
"The night we went out with your Mother, you almost acted like you didn't want me there.  When Mr. Bradley told us to take off that afternoon, you looked terrified.  And again, when your Mother asked me to lunch, you almost choked."
"I decided to do a little espionage.  I asked to use the restroom when we were in your Mother's suite, but I just shut the door in front of me and sneaked back out to the hallway to see what would happen between you.  When I saw you two embrace, I knew exactly what your relationship was.  I went back into the bathroom , and to make sure you heard, I left the door open and flushed the toilet.  I noisily washed my hands to add a little further warning, and then came back out."  
"My head was spinning.  Over the past few months, I had developed feelings for you.  But like yourself, I could not let them out, risking exposing my secret.  I had enjoyed the status quo.  But now, I had found a person I not only could love, but one that my secret was safe with."
"As we drove home that night, my feelings toward you boiled over.  I wanted to tell you so bad.  My hormones were raging. We got back to your room.  I was almost in ecstasy without you even touching me.  I wanted to hold you and love you and never let you go.  It was like I wanted to bond with you and become a part of you.  I had never been so aroused in my entire life.  That had to have been the most intense orgasm of my life."
"I met with your mother the next day in her suite.  We made small talk for a while, and then asked about us.  She seemed a little nervous, but tried not to show it.  I had already knew that I wanted our relationship to continue.  I decided to go on the offensive.  I told her that although I loved Don, I could not marry him.  I had a terrible secret that if he found out, he would end our relationship and end up hating me."
"She asked what it was, and I told her that I had a sexual relationship with my father.  She looked jaw dropped and she. shocked.  I looked at her and smiled. 
 
" "I really don't think you are shocked.  In fact, I think you may be feeling relief.  You actually might be happy."
"What are you talking about?"
I know about you and Don.  I had suspected it all along, but last night I found out for certain.  When I went to the bathroom, I shut the door in front of me and came back to peek around  around the corner of the hallway.  That embrace and kiss were not something that a normal mother and son would have."
"What do you want?"
"I have been looking for someone to love and I think that I have found that person.   I could not risk anybody for the exact same reason that Don can't.  I feel Don loves me also, but he can't let on and let the relationship grow for fear his secret will come out.   Now that I know we can relax knowing our secrets are safe with each other, we can let our relationship proceed."
"I love my parents, but I know that that relationship will end someday, and I want someone to enjoy the rest of my life with.  I have talked about this with my family and they are of the same mind, although they share the same fears that I have.  I would bet that you and Don feel the same way."
"Yes, we have discussed this.  I want Don to be happy even after I am to gone.  From what I have seen of you, I like you very much.  I am sure that you two will make each other happy.  But how are you going to tell Don?"
"I will figure something out.  You can broach the subject of marriage to him and I will work on him from my side.  I think I have an idea."
"Lynn, I think you will be a wonderful daughter to me." "


We got up and embraced.  The mother-daughter kiss turned into a lot more, and we never did leave the room.  We made wonderful love all afternoon.
"Don, I have known for a while, and now that you know, I can't hold back any longer.  Don, I really love you and never want to lose you."

My mind was in a blur.  Feelings were boiling up inside me like a warm two liter bottle that was dropped down a flight of stairs.  I had major feelings for Lynn that I had been repressing over the last few months.  But no matter which train of thought I picked upon, the conclusion was the same.  

"Lynn, I don't ever want to lose you.  Will you marry me?"
"YES! YES! YES!  I don't ever want to be without you either!"  With that, she got up and embraced me.  She threw her arms around me and kissed me deeply.  John and Debi got up and tightly embraced the two of us.  I could feel Debi's breasts and pussy mound pushing into one side of me and John's cock rubbing between our thighs on the other side.

"Welcome to the family, Don."

*Some of the terms you may not be familiar with:

ORE-Operational readiness excercise.  A bunch of evaluators descend on your unit and you run a simulated mission.  Can last anywhere from 2-3 hours to as long as a week.
CRYPTO-Communication security equipment.  Basically a high level encryption device.
Fidel-Cuba
Ivan-The USSR
Pool party-Joint naval exercise