"You did what?!" Jack said, and he was glad to see that Mitchell cringed ever so slightly before straightening his shoulders and lifting his chin. Jack, SG-1, and the captain and crew of the Hope were sitting in the mess hall/meeting room, discussing the Hope's first mission. "I sent you out there to move a pile of grain a few lightyears, not blow up other ships." Out of the corner of his eye, Jack saw Daniel reach out a hand but stop short of touching him. Good, he should know better.

"It was pretty much unavoidable, sir," Mitchell said, and from the looks on their faces, Dixon and the rest seemed to agree. "The reason they needed us in the first place was because they hadn't paid their 'protection fees'. The Lucian Alliance doesn't tend to negotiate, and we had a contract to complete."

"And they gave us a really nice tip," Dixon added.

Jack couldn't help a small smile. "I appreciate your diligence." He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, rubbing his temples. "Well, crap. I'd been hoping to stay off the Lucian Alliance's radar. I'm sure some of them recognize us—especially SG-1—and I don't want them selling information to whoever Taylor sends after us."

"A'dil—the guy we saw—didn't seem to recognize us," Mitchell said. "And in the future, we can use audio-only communication when dealing with other ships."

"That's a good idea," Carter said. "We can rig up a device that would make it look like the video capabilities are damaged, so people are more likely to believe the explanation."

Jack nodded. "Still, you've put us in an uncomfortable position," he said. "We got that first job through Vala's word-of-mouth. While I'm sure having a reputation for not being intimidated by the Lucian Alliance could be very valuable, do we really want to put ourselves in that situation on a regular basis?"

"The Lucian Alliance is basically a galactic mafia," Daniel said softly. Jack was a little surprised he hadn't spoken up already. "They stepped into the—the power vacuum left by the destruction of the System Lords, which was our doing. In a way, they're our fault." No one had a good reply to that. "Would it be so bad if we were a thorn in their side while we work on our own reserves? It's not like those are, uh…contradictory goals, right?"

Jack shrugged. "Options."

"Mitchell did us a favor. It's practically naquada in our pockets to have the kind of reputation he just earned," Vala said, popping her gum. Jack had no idea how the woman was still able to get her hands on chewing gum, but he wasn't going to ask. "We'll easily capture the interest of people they've antagonized or punished. And that's just if you stick to legal transport. If you want to get into black market dealings…."

"No," Jack said, with a quick slashing motion.

"What if the Lucian Alliance decides that we are too much of an annoyance to allow to continue to function in their territory?" Teal'c asked.

"The galaxy's a big place, Muscles," Vala said, and Jack couldn't help a small smile at the nickname. "As long as we don't go looking for fights, we'll be fine." She tipped her chair back slightly. "The Lucian Alliance is held together by little more than fear and greed. A few one-on-one conflicts will likely go unreported because the captains wouldn't want to appear weak to other members of the Alliance. We just have to make sure that we don't cause too much of a stir."

"We can send the diplomatic folks to feel out the deals we're making, and encourage the rumor that we're hard to intimidate," Jack said. "Carter, how're the ships coming?"

"Not including the Hope, we've got four ships ready to put back in the air," she said. "Two of them are tel'tak, and the other two are al'kesh, or roughly that size. Depending on the task, we might want the cargo ships to travel together, since they're pretty small and not as well-armed as the others. We'll have the other three ships ready to fly in the next few days. And now that we're working, we can go out and buy others, if you want."

"No, I think this'll be good for now. Davidson and his bridge crew can take one of the larger ships," Jack said, counting ships on his fingers. "Reynolds and SG-3 can have the other—with Williams and SG-17. Teal'c, you can have the next large ship that's finished; find yourself a crew in the meantime." Teal'c inclined his head, and Jack could tell he was smiling slightly.

"Hadden and SG-12 can take the two cargo ships," Carter suggested. "They're pretty much two-man vessels."

"Sounds good," Jack said. "Davis can take the diplomatic folks and work the markets, with Vala advising. We're going to be looking for both jobs and any word of what's happening back on Earth. Carter, you'll stay here and coordinate repairs on the remaining grounded ships, and any major repairs on the others. Put one of your tech people with the ships in the air. Once all the ships are functioning, I want some way we can get transmissions from Earth without them being able to track us.

"Daniel, you take the rest of the scientists and teams and work on making this place more livable," Jack said, smirking when Daniel grimaced at him. "I don't mean lace curtains for the windows. We can grow a little of our own food, mostly protein sources like chickens, if we have people taking care of them. Plus, we need to make all the structures look less like they're built from chunks of metal, at least on the outside. Steel's not typical for most of the settlements we're bumping into, and it would look suspicious from the sky." Daniel nodded, though he still didn't look pleased. "At the next meeting we can find out if people want to build more houses, so folks don't have to be squeezing four to a 10-by-10 box."

"We'll run out of space if each person is living in their own house," Daniel said quickly, and Jack knew exactly what he was really thinking. He would have loved to be able to actually live with Daniel, finally, but he wasn't sure it was feasible.

"We should at least be able to break things down so people are living in pairs or threes, though, once we have a few ships in the air," Jack said, gratified when Daniel smiled. "We can have some rotating barracks for the ship crews that are on the ground, and spread the grounded folks out a bit more. Alright, anything else?"

"We need a name," Mitchell said. Jack raised his eyebrows. "We can't just keep calling ourselves SGC refugees, definitely not out there," he added, waving a hand at the ceiling.

"Do you have any ideas?" Jack asked, and Mitchell shook his head, a little sheepish. "Well, we can put that on the agenda for the next full meeting. See what everybody thinks. Anything else?" Everyone shook their heads. "Fine. Go. Do."

"We've got quite a little settlement here," Daniel said once everyone else had left. "Almost completely democratic government, and a socialist economic system. How ever does the red-blooded American in you stand it?" he teased.

Jack reached over and ruffled his hair, laughing when Daniel frowned and pushed his hand away. "Needs must," he said, more seriously. "I can have an anti-Communist identity crisis later." He closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "I hope to hell it's not obvious that I have no idea what I'm doing," he said softly.

"I can barely tell," Daniel said, resting a hand on Jack's shoulder. After a minute, he squeezed and let go. "Come on, dinner shift is going to be on soon, we should get out of their way." Jack let Daniel pull him to his feet and lead him out into the late-afternoon sunlight. The planet was beautiful; if not for the constant reminders of their slightly-less-than-dire situation, Jack could almost imagine he was on vacation.
*
"Alright, is everyone here?" Jack called, looking around, and a couple of people chuckled. True, there weren't that many of them, but some days Jack thought he'd forget his own name if Daniel didn't constantly remind him of it while he was complaining about something. "I guess, let's get this thing started." This was the second full-group meeting they'd had since they'd arrived on the planet, and the first had been subdued, in part a memorial for Hank Landry. By now—a couple of weeks in—people were at least starting to smile again. "Sam, you go first."

Carter stood, smiling slightly at everyone. "The last ship will be ready for her new crew tomorrow. This means we'll have four mid-sized ships and four cargo ships in the air. We'll be rotating crews on the cargo ships, there'll be some kind of sign-up sheet in the next few days."

"While we wait for the next job, we're going to be working on expanding the settlement some," Daniel said next. "There will be separate housing for the ship crews when they're not out there," he said, gesturing to the ceiling, "so we'll be able to spread out a bit so that we only have to put two or three people in each building."

"What if we don't want to split our team?" someone called, and Daniel's eyes widened. He glanced at Jack, but he gave an infinitesimal shrug, one only Daniel would have noticed.

"Uh, well…I mean, if you still want to stick to four-person buildings we can expand them some, so they're not so cramped. We…we can go building by building for the ones that need expansions while we build the new ones." That seemed to be met with agreement, so Daniel went on. "We'll also be starting to work on becoming a little more self-sufficient for fresh food and things. Everyone who isn't assigned to a ship will have a task. We'll be, uh…putting up sign-up lists and stuff tomorrow. If there's anything you think we've forgotten, let us know. We're going to try to make this whole thing a little more comfortable, at least," he said, and there were a few murmurs, Jack thought, of approval.

"With any luck, things should settle down now, at least for a while," Jack said. "The only real problem we foresee is the Lucian Alliance." There were more murmurs; that was a name people were familiar with. "We're hoping our reputation for not being intimidated by them will bring in some good customers, but that means we might have to worry about the Alliance testing our resolve. The folks working on the ships assure me that even the cargo ships will be more than able to hold their own." People were nodding, and there was a small cheer from somewhere in the back. Jack smiled. He glanced at Mitchell.

"We're going to need a name," he said. "Something we can call ourselves in the markets and settlements offworld. We don't want to be connected to Earth or the SGC, just in case someone's feeding information back to Earth."

"And what about Earth?" a voice called from the back. It was Colonel Battelle, CO of one of the Marine units. "It's nice that we're out here playing house, but what about them?"

"What about them?" Jack said, holding out a hand to stop Daniel from jumping in. "We're no good to them if we don't have a base of operations to work from. We can't do a thing until we have more information."

"Sir, we're the SGC, one of the American military's elite forces," Battelle said. He stood, the sound of his chair surprisingly loud in the suddenly silent room. "We take the fight to the enemy so our families stay safe. We don't run and hide while they cover for us. Not without a damned good reason, General, sir. The longer we wait, the more out-of-date we are with the situation back home. Anything could be happening—"

"We're all aware of that, Colonel," Jack said, cutting him off. He wasn't surprised by this outburst; Battelle was one of the ones who'd left a wife and children behind. "But as we discussed at the first meeting, we have no idea what's going on back on Earth. We don't even know who the enemy is, Marine. Who do you think we should be fighting?" There was silence. "One of the tasks of all personnel assigned to a ship, even on rotation, is to keep an ear out for any word from Earth, no matter how vague. The tech people will be working on some way for us to listen in on transmissions from Earth undetected, but that might take some time.

"But we have not forgotten our responsibilities," Jack said firmly, "not to the comrades we left behind, our families, or the rest of the planet. This is a tactical withdrawal so we can build up our resources, not a retreat. Is that understood?" The silence was practically echoing. "I think that's enough for now. We'll set up another meeting tomorrow to cover everything else. Dismissed."

Jack waited until he was alone in the room before he dropped his head into his hands.