The day passes in what Cam is slowly realizing is a normal fashion for Stargate Command... which isn't really normal at all.

Ba'al continues to grudgingly cooperate with them. He’s spending the day with Carter, which is a relief to Cam, even though he’s wary of the situation. Ba'al seems to have a weird thing for her. Even if it creeps Carter out, she’s a soldier and a professional and she knows right now they need him to get the job done.

Cam has also made sure that Ba’al security detail will remain in place, and Carter will never have to be alone with him.

Midafternoon, Cam decides that he’s earned himself a little break from the endless piles of paperwork and mission reports and equipment requisitions. He picks up the phone and dials Vala’s number.

"Vala's discount services, you select, we collect, how may I help you?" She answers into the phone, holding it up under her ear as she pops gummy bears outside the diner on her break.

"... I'm afraid to ask what it is you're selling at such discounts," Cam laughs.

Someone walks in front of his door and pauses to wave at him. Seeing Cam on the phone, they walk on but it serves to remind Cam that he might want a little more privacy.

He gets up and crosses the room to close the door then goes back to his desk and leans back in his chair, propping up his feet.

"That depends on what it is you're looking for. Something I can get for you, stud muffin?" Vala asks, using a nickname she picked up from Betty's soaps.

"You, around seven tonight..." Cam says, a smile in his voice.

"Oh, the fee is quite high for something like that," Vala teases. She pulls a nail file out of her apron pocket and begins to file her nails.

"Name the price, princess," Cam says, his voice warm. "I think you're worth it."

"Hmm," Vala thinks it over trying to think of a good price tag. "Chocolate." She finally settles on.

"Dark or milk?" He asks, glancing at the clock on his computer. "With or without nuts?"

"Dark," she replies quickly. "And surprise me. I like surprises." She looks down at the cotton candy color of her nail polish, frowning at the chip on her index finger. She's going to have to fix that before the day is over.

"Got it," Cam says, actually making himself a note. He scribbles Vala, chocolate, dark, surprise onto a post-it and sticks it into his pocket. "So does seven sound okay? Sal gonna let you out by then?"

Vala can hear a very, very faint scritching of a pen in the background and she perks up. "You're writing that down? Ooh. Shiny things. I really like shiny things, put that on it too!" She's enjoying the banter with Cam, the easy conversation that they're having. He's not like many of the other men she's run across on Earth, he's more relaxed, more easy going and easy natured and Vala finds herself enjoying that about him a lot.

He laughs and adds shiny to the list. "Shiny, check. Now, focus, woman - seven?"

"Right!" She bounces on the picnic table she's on. "Seven! Seven works. Where are we going at seven?"

"You said you like surprises," he shoots back. "So we'll just leave it a surprise."

She gasps, huffing slightly. "Fine. Very well," she gives him a long, suffering sigh. "But I need to know how to dress! I can't go naked..." She smirks evilly. "Unless thats what you want me to go like..."

"We'll save that for after the date," Cam says. "It won't be too dressy. Something casual."

There's a knock on his door and Carter sticks her head in. "Cam? I need- oh, sorry, you're on the phone. I need your help in my lab, though."

"Vala, hold on a sec." He holds the receiver away from his face and speaks to Sam. "Give me five minutes."

Vala's ears perk up again, hearing the soft tones of someone else speaking to Cam. She strains to try and hear something of where he is but she gets nothing.

"You have to go, hm?"

Carter gives him a smile and walks away, shutting the door behind her again.

"Yeah, sorry," he says. "I'll see you at seven, though."

"Alright. I'll be dressed with buzzers on!" She adds, grinning and thumbing her phone off.

"Buzzer-" He starts to ask, but she hangs up the phone before he can.

*

Four hours later, he's headed out of the base and getting into his car. He's changed into jeans and a button up loose over a t-shirt - not exactly his dress blues, but better than the BDUs that Vala's seen him in so often before.

It doesn't take long to get to the diner. He's not really sure what the protocol is for this - is he supposed to go into the diner and pick her up? Luckily, she saves him wondering by coming right out when she sees his car.

She's in long dark jeans that cling tightly and show off her long, long legs. Her leather coat is done up and she has high spiked heels on as she dashes across the street to his car.

Her nails are still cotton candy pink but they are smoothed out, no chips this time. "Right on the dot it seems," she grins as he slides out of the car. "And don't you look nice," she whistles slowly, eyes roaming over his body.

He gets up and walks around to the other side of the car to open the door for her, hands lightly on her waist as he kisses her hello. It’s a soft, chase kiss and then he’s backing away. "You look amazing," he says, checking her out just as obviously as she's checking him out.

He gets back into his seat, starting up the car while she puzzles out the small box that had been on her seat. It's candy - not the best, but just what she'd said she liked. Dark, wrapped in shiny crinkly wrappers, flecked with hazelnut and filled with hazelnut chocolate cream on the inside.

"Ooh," she says softly, pulling the ribbon off and unwrapping her chocolates. She grabs one and opens it, biting down into it. She moans softly, eyes closing. "This chocolate is amazing," she groans, quickly finishing a piece off. "You need to have one." She quickly unwraps a second and holds it up for him to bite down into.

He pulls the car out onto the street and then leans over, eyes briefly leaving the road to meet hers as she feeds him the bite of chocolate. It does taste good - he mentally pats himself on the back for a nice choice there.

"Glad you like it," he says, enjoying very much the look on her face and the sounds she makes when she finishes off the rest of the one he'd bitten from.

"Mm," Vala hums happily and finishes off the chocolate. She indulges herself and licks her fingers clean, making sure she has all the chocolate off.

He smirks to himself. The chocolate had definitely been a good choice.

"So how was work?" He asks, enjoying the way she's always quite... colorful... when she describes some of the customers they get in.

Vala snorts and rolls her eyes. "The lunch crowd was even worse than normal today," she groans, putting her feet up on the dash. "I think it was field trip time at the old people place. They seemed to descend upon us in swarms. No one could make up their mind, there was far too many sides of mashed, creamed corn than I think is good for any particular village and they all had a very peculiar and common odor around them." She shook her head. "I didn't like it."

He winces a little when he sees her feet on the dash, but it's their first date - he's not going to chastise her this soon into it. She gets one free slide, he decides. "Gramma smell," he agrees sympathetically. "Sort of like moth balls and Maalox. I think it's a universal thing."

"Is that what it is?" Vala tilts her head and tries to remember what exactly it smelled like. "It reminded me of... Well, of many things I'd rather not remember," she mutters, shaking her head. "But mostly of old lady socks and rarely used drawers or something."

"I am proud to say I don't know what old lady socks smell like," Cam says. "And a little disturbed that you do."

"I'm a bit disturbed that I now also know what they smell like," Vala replies, rolling her eyes over to Cam so she could regard him slowly. "Its not a smell you would ever want to have to deal with. Smells like... hopelessness and desperation. And prunes."

"So I guess you're not a fan of that prune special Sal has on his menu?" Cam asks, lifting an eyebrow. "I kept meaning to ask you about that... wasn't brave enough to order it and see for myself."

She shakes her head. "Don't. I will go to my grave forever remembering the ugly grey-purplish mass that is that prune special." She shudders bodily as if the prunes are actually on her.

"No prune special where we're going tonight," Cam promises. "But I know somewhere else we can go soon that I hear does a great death by chocolate."

Vala groans. "Good man. Death by chocolate is far, far preferable to death by wrinkled and smelly prunes." She shudders again in her chair and takes down her foot from the dashboard. "Where are we going anyway? You never said and you've been driving me enough that I've gotten fairly turned around to where we are."

"Almost there," he says, and it's not an exaggeration - ten seconds later they're turning into the parking lot of a very brightly lit building. The neon sign on top says Wild Willy's Super Strike Arena, with a blinking neon bowling pin beside it.

Vala spots the neon sign just as Cam pulls into the lot and she cocks her head, not familiar enough with Earth sports to immediately know where they are. However the name Wild Willy definitely has her interest.

She turns to Cam and grins, bouncing out of his car as soon as he has the engine turned off. "Come on!" She encourages, grabbing his hand. Once inside, Vala has to pause a moment to take it all in. The sights, the sounds, the lanes where people are throwing balls at objects. Its all so, so perfect.

He watches her face, feeling a flurry of nerves because he's pretty sure she likes him but it's still their first date and he wants it to be good. Stepping up, he puts an arm around her waist. "So, how good of a bowler are you? Because I'll be honest, I haven't been since I was twelve."

"Um," Vala watches the men throwing the balls; they're moving fast and furious down the lanes and despite her inexperience, Vala thinks that this could be right up her alley.

"Oh, its been a long, long time," she agrees, being vague with her answer. She isn't sure how popular this sport is with Earth society and she doesn't want to alert Cam too much. "Just point me to the.... ball and I'm sure I'll be okay..." She recovers with a bright grin, finding that always seems to work at getting her out of a jam with Cam.

"Shoes first," he reminds her, reaching down and taking her hand to lead her over to the counter. "What size do you wear?"

"Er, right," she turns away and follows Cam over to the shoe person. "Hrm, whatever this size is," she said, holding up her shoe.

She really doesn’t know her size, she has very little pieces of earth clothing, just some t-shirts and a couple pairs of jeans that Betty had insisted she buy when the older lady took her shopping. Most of what she wears comes from off world and had traveled to earth with her.

The bubble popping girl behind the counter takes Vala's shoes from her and glances at the size before handing her a pair of bowling shoes. Cam has to laugh at the look of utter distaste that crosses Vala's face. "Don't worry. You'll still look cute."

Vala looks at the green and red shoes in her hand and then back at her beloved leather heels. "I better get those back," she hisses to Cam as they both walk away.

He laughs, assuming she's afraid that the girl behind the counter will steal them. "Don't worry. She seems more the biker boots type than the heels type. I think you'll get 'em back."

He finds an empty lane and studies the little computer in front of it before programming in their names. "Okay... let's see, I guess we need to get some balls, don't we?"

He looks around until he spots the rack and then heads over to it. It takes him a couple of tries before he finds one that fits his fingers, but he holds up a blue one proudly. "Lucky one, right here. I can feel it."

"Really?" She asks, peering over at his black ball. "How can you tell?" She holds her own much daintier, and smaller, pink ball in her hand.

"Just a feeling," he says, winking at her. "How about we play a game then we can head over and get something to eat?"

He nods his head toward the section of the bowling alley that is a western themed restaurant and bar.

"Ooh, you're on," Vala bounces. "Loser buys!" She cries, already stepping up to take her turn.

The lane racks the pins and Vala takes her time, aiming with the ball very, very carefully. Taking a few awkward steps, she throws the ball down the lane, the ball bouncing once before crashing into the pins, knocking most of them down.

"Hey! Hey I did it! Look!"

"You liar!" Cam says, laughing. He's enjoying her excitement, watching her bounce around. "No way it's been a while since you played... damn, I'm about to get shamed, aren't I? Go on, take your second turn, finish 'em off so I can get my embarrassment over with."

"Oooh I get to go again?" She says excitedly, grabbing for Cam's ball before the machine spits hers out. Her eyes widen and she gasps, grabbing at her ball. "How useful," she murmurs, rubbing the machine slightly. She gives it another fond pat before setting up again.

Her tongue slips out, poking out the side of her mouth as she aims and lets loose, the ball bouncing with a loud thud once again and knocking into the rest of the pins.

"I hit them all Cam!" Vala bounces, spinning in her shoes. "I win right?"

"If you keep that up, you sure will," Cam says. Her excitement is contagious and he finds himself grinning ear to ear just watching her. Before he picks up his ball, he gives her a hug and kisses her on the mouth. "No laughing when I do bad, remember? I have a fragile male ego."

He grabs his ball and lets it fly, knocking down half of them. On his second attempt he gets two more, leaving him with a score nowhere good as Vala's. He shakes his head a little and grins in a self-deprecating way. "Okay, you're up again. Show me how it's done."

Vala readies herself, shaking her hips slightly as she gets herself in the right spot. Reaching back, she hurls the ball again, only getting half the pins this time. Her face falls and she pouts as she turns back to the ball return machine.

She knocks down another two on her second leg of the turn. The screen overhead dances with an updated figure. "Hey, still did better than me," Cam reminds her.

Of course, he does still have a competitive spirit, and he takes into account where it went wrong last time and tries to adjust. He ends up too far in the other direction, but still gets a couple.

"Good job," Vala says, smiling at him. She reaches out and pats him on the back. "I find its all in the hip wiggle..." She says, grabbing her ball and walking back up to the lane. "See?" She looks over her shoulder to make sure he's watching before demonstrating.

"Oh, I see," he says, grinning a little bit. He's not the only one that sees... in fact, there are quite a few very attentive glances being thrown Vala's way. Cam finds himself not minding... because after her turn is over, it's his lap she comes and perches on. He reaches up and pushes her hair back over her shoulder and draws her down for a kiss. "You're good at this game."

"I know!" She beams at him and kisses him back. "I like this game." Of course, she likes any game she's good at and wins. "It's your turn now though." Sliding off his lap, Vala lets him get up to get his own ball.

"Remember the hip wiggle!" She calls helpfully.

"My hips do not wiggle," he calls back, bending and letting the ball go. He comes within two of getting them all, but of course the two are on opposite ends of the lane. He curses in frustration, realizing that he can only knock one of them down.

"Should have wiggled the hips!" She yells, smirking at his back.

"Told you," he says again. "They don't wiggle. I'm not a wiggler."

"I dunno," Vala repeats, cocking her head and staring straight at Cam's ass. "I saw your hips wiggle pretty good the other night."

"That's a different kind of wiggling," he says with a snort. It's his last turn, and it's obvious he won't be winning the game but he still puts his best into it. When he turns around, he's ready for her triumphant smile.

She beams at him, unable to stop herself from fist pumping in the air as the scoreboard declares her the winner. "Yes!" She jumps up and spins around again, grabbing onto Cam and kissing him hard. "I'm the winner!"

He laughs and lifts her up so her feet don't touch the ground for a few seconds, kissing her back. "Okay, you win. Dinner's my treat."

She grins happily and wraps her arms around Cam's neck, holding on tightly to him as he spins her around. She gives him a quick, chaste kiss on the lips as he sets her back down to the ground.

He leads her over to the food area. It's not the fanciest place ever, but there's a bar and table service. They find a spot in the back corner that's not too crowded and sit down. "Okay, princess. Let's see how much greasy bar food you can tuck away."

He slides a menu over to her and she grabs at it eagerly. "Ooh, this looks good," she bounces in her seat, looking over everything and weighing her options.

"Ribs look good," Cam says, making up his mind quickly as to what he wants. The waitress, a bored middle aged woman, walks over and readies her notepad.

"What can I get you folks to drink?" She asks, giving them a slightly bored smile.

"I'll have a beer... Vala, what do you want?"

"I'll have... the fruit berry martini please!" She answers excitedly, rubbing her hands together.

The waitress goes to fix their drinks, leaving them with the menus.

Cam leans back in his chair and watches Vala as she studies it carefully. He realizes that he hasn't had many chances just to watch her being still. She seems like she's always in motion.

She's beautiful. Just looking at her makes him feel warm all over, like he hasn't felt about a woman in years.

Her finger runs over the different menu options, her lips making out the words as she says them to herself. "How many ribs are you getting?" She asks, looking up at him. She's trying to plan the perfect meal and she's trying to also plan how many ribs she can possibly steal from him.

"Just enough for me," he teases.

She huffs and looks back down at her menu grumbling.

"You two ready to order?" The waitress asks, coming back around to the both of them. Vala takes one final look at her menu, trying to double check before giving in.

"Yes, I'd like the hickory bar-b-cue burger with extra bacon and extra bar-b-cue," she says with a nod. "Oh and extra onion rings as well."

"Double order of ribs," Cam says, winking at Vala. "And a side of mash potatoes."

He sees Vala's face light up when he says double order. She wiggles happily in her seat and scoots her chair closer to him. She definitely likes the whole double order thing and she will certainly be stealing some of his ribs later on.

"So, Vala..." He picks up his beer and takes a drink. "How am I doing so far?"

"Doing? With the date you mean?" She pretends to think it over as if it takes considerable thought. "I'd say you're doing fairly well. Get me another drink and I'd go so far as to say its going really well."

"Another? You've barely touched..." He trails off, watching her tip the drink back and finish it off. "Another drink it is."

He's not sure if the waitress will be back to check on them before their food is ready, so he reaches over to take the glass from her and goes to the bar himself.

Vala grins and cocks her head to the side to watch Cam walk away, enjoying how the denim clings to his ass as he walks away.

He comes back with her drink, scooting his chair a little closer to her. The place is getting more crowded and the sounds of the bowling alley are loud, but now someone has started up the jukebox. The music is piped in through speakers from it.

"Here you go," he says, letting his fingers brush hers when he hands the drink over.

"Ooh," she grins and takes a sip, letting it slide down her throat and warm her up. "Thanks." Grinning she leans over and presses her lips to Cam's, taking a moment to just enjoy how it feels to have him close to her.

Cam tilts his head and slants his mouth across hers, deepening the kiss. His arm around her shoulders feels like a high school move but it helps him pull her a little closer.

He smiles against her mouth and pulls away slightly. "Haven't necked in public with a girl in a very long time," he admits.

"Really? That's too bad," Vala whispers, keeping her head close next to his. "I hear its a lot of fun." She leans back in and presses her lips back to his, her tongue slipping out to press at the seam of his lips.

"I'm realizing that," he says, fingers rubbing up and down her arm. He opens his mouth and her tongue slides over his.

"Stop talking," Vala whispers, pressing her lips back to his. Her tongue curls around his own, pressing and sliding and tasting his mouth. He tastes cool and good and Vala leans in further to be able to press harder.

Cam is happy to obey this time. He moves his arm down her hand and slides his fingers through hers, taking control of the kiss and pushing back enough to tease.

Vala groans softly into the kiss as Cam pushes, growing aggressive. She likes that, likes the bit of possessiveness he has as he claims her mouth. She pants softly and mewls into his mouth, opening up for him.

That sound shoots straight through him, and he has to shift closer to her. Their teeth click together and he squeezes her hand.

The clattering sound of a plate on the table jars him, but he's still slow to pull away from the kiss. He has to wipe at his mouth with the back of his hand before he gives the waitress a sheepish grin. She looks more amused than anything else. He murmurs a thanks and the waitress walks off.

"Also haven't gotten caught necking in public in a really long time," Cam says, not exactly ashamed of it. Actually - he feels pretty damn good about it all.

Vala gives him a slow, curling smirk. "Kinda liked that," she admits, squeezing his hand gently. She leans in and gives him a final chaste kiss before pulling her hand away so she can focus on her meal.

"Me too..." He moves his chair back around so they both have room to eat, but he can't wipe the grin from his face.

She gives him another brilliant grin before swiping a rib from his plate. She's quick to start eating it so he doesn't have time to try and swipe it back from her.

He lets her have it. Her body is perfection, and he gets a kick out of seeing how much she can eat and knowing that it seems to have absolutely no effect on her weight. The beer and ribs go well together... and Vala seems to think they go just fine with her fruity drink, too. She quickly demolishes her own sandwich and onion rings and begins to make headway on the ribs that Cam has set aside just for her. When her drink is gone, the waitress is quick to return with another pink, fruity drink at her elbow.

Cam eyes he drink when it's low, and is surprised when she flags down the waitress for another. "You're knocking those back..."

He keeps his voice light, like he's just commenting, but he has plans for the rest of the evening that don't involve an overly inebriated Vala. She doesn't seem drunk, though...

"They taste rather nice. An interesting blend of fruits I have to admit," she replies, smacking her lips as she sips from this third one. She places down the rib she had been finishing and licks her fingers clean, finally feeling full and satiated for the moment.

He reaches over and snags her drink, lifting it to his lips. Tasting it, he makes a face - it's entirely too sweet for him. "Interesting blend... yeah. Something like that."

He pushes it back toward her.

She laughs and finishes it off, sliding the glass away. A new song comes over the speakers, something fast that makes Vala's feet start to tap along to the beat. "Come on, I like this song," she says, grabbing his hand. She's never heard it before, but that doesn't stop her from dragging Cam over to the jukebox and pulling him in close so they can dance.

He's not so sure about this whole dancing thing, but it seems like more of a hassle to say no than it is to just go along with her. The jukebox is blaring a cheesy honkytonk song that he's never heard, but doesn't find hard to dance to at all.

Vala wraps her arms around him and pushes him into the beat. It doesn't take him too long before he's moving along with it, the both of them spinning and moving across the dance floor.

After a few minutes, he realizes that he's actually having more fun than he has in a while. Vala's glee is contagious and he likes the way she's utterly unashamed to just do whatever the music leads her to do.

He grabs her and does a big spin, whooping when people around them start to clap.

Vala cries out in surprise and has to grab onto Cam to keep from losing her balance as he spins her around. She wraps her arms around his neck as he goes and dips her as well, making her feel almost dizzy and lightheaded from all the dancing.

The song comes to an end and he's not even surprised to find that he's almost broken a sweat. He works out every day but dancing is a whole different kind of moving than what he's used to. He keeps Vala close to him, grinning in an almost bashful way at all of the people clapping and cheering them on. He sees lots of girls tugging their guys out in an attempt to follow Vala's example.

She's started a trend.

Laughing, Vala falls into Cam and allows him to lead her over to their table to relax for a moment. "That was fun," she breathes, her eyes still sparkling with happiness.

"You're fun," he says, leaning over and pressing a kiss to her mouth. "You're the most fun I've had in a long time, Vala."

She smiles up at him and leans forward to press her lips back to his. "Good. And the evening isn't even over yet," she winks at him and grabs her drink, finishing it off.