They turned our gym into a Palace of Pleasure
by Lady Grey
 
The gym is normaly a place for fitness but is this how we might like it to be. 

Elway's Gym--as an exclusive up market gym frequented by an assortment
of young rich businessmen and women, mixed with office executives from 
the surrounding area, it was situated in a well developed parkland site 
on the better side of Grangetown. It did very good business, opening 
early in the morning around 6:30 to catch the early risers on their way 
to the office, and closing around 9 p.m., or that is what it seemed to 
do too many of its members. 

It was 10:30 on a Wednesday evening, one of the two nights a week when
special training nights were arranged for an exclusive group of members 
who paid a large extra addition to their already expensive annual 
membership. The bar was fairly crowded and an attractive waitress was 
serving drinks to the gathering in a rather revealing outfit. In the 
spinning room upstairs a group of six men were working hard on their 
machines. They were led by an extremely attractive fitness instructor 
who was totally naked. Perspiration ran down her supple well-honed body 
and dripped onto the carpet from her protruding nipples, as her breasts 
swung gently with the movements of her body. 

Downstairs in the pool area, the luxury sauna resounded to the moans of
a naked young lady. She was Nikki, one of the senior instructors. At 
the moment, she was impaled from both ends by two equally naked and 
sweating members, one of whom was gripping onto her thighs, his rampant 
tool embedded in her delightful pussy, while she eagerly sucked on the 
tool of another member, taking him deep into her throat. 

In the well fitted weight training room three men stood around a weight
training bench on which another naked fitness instructor was performing 
a series of exercises, her firm breasts rising and falling as she 
hoisted the weighted bar into the air. She lay full length on the 
weight lifting bench with her legs astride. This position exposed every 
intimate detail of her shaven pussy to the lusting eyes of the three 
watchers. 

After her exhibition, she would make her nubile young body available to
the three members, all who were now sporting increasingly growing 
erections. These were a few of the special items arranged for the 
members who paid their higher fees to be provided with these special 
entertainment evenings. 

Phil Elway, the owner of Elway's and the brains behind the gym, had come
up with the idea of the special evenings after chatting with a couple 
of members during a late night drinking session. Bill Read, one of the 
guys who had been at that first meeting, had taken on the job of 
securing enough interested members to make the project viable. 

It had not been a difficult job for Phil to convince Nikki that her
participation in the scheme would result in a large increase in salary. 
He had known for some time that she had a reputation among the staff of 
the gym for being more than liberal with her affections with several of 
the male staff members. It also helped his case to discover that she 
had run up some increasingly large debts keeping up her expensive 
lifestyle. 

After she had agreed to join them, Phil had put her in charge of
recruiting some of the extra staff members they would require to 
fulfill the needs of the new after hour's members. She had discovered 
in her research that several of the girls who worked for a local 
lap-dancing club also had some fitness training. These girls, already 
adept at sharing their attractive bodies with their punters, would make 
interesting additions to the Elway's staff. Then after a few weeks 
extra training from Nikki, they would be able to take on the duties of 
a fitness instructor. They were for the most part all ready and willing 
to take up their new posts. 

The opening night was a glittering affair. Phil had employed a security
firm to prevent unwanted visitors and all the 30 or so new members and 
guests had been sent special invitations. He had set the scene for the 
evening by employing from a local strip-a-gram agency a couple of young 
ladies who were now serving behind the bar dressed only in rather brief 
knickers, hold up stockings and high heels. Both young ladies were 
employed by the agency because of their natural attributes. The girls 
were extremely well endowed, a feature that was not missed by the large 
number of members who were surrounding the bar leering at the two young 
lady's totally exposed breasts. 

Meanwhile, in the mirror walled aerobics studio, Nikki was briefing her
new staff on the proposed program for the evening. "We will be starting 
the evening with the aerobics display," she said. "I want lots of 
enthusiasm from you; then we move onto the gym. You all have a list of 
which machines you will be demonstrating. I don't want to see any 
inhibitions from any of you. Let them get a good look at everything you 
have to offer." She smiled to herself. "Then it's all down to the bar 
for refreshments." 

One of the girls, and attractive blond called Leann, raised her hand.
Nikki looked across at her questioningly. "Are we going to be allowed 
to put on some clothes at that stage?" she asked. 

Nikki smiled and shook her head. "No, I'm afraid not, Leann. Once we
start the aerobics display, I want you all to remain completely naked 
for the rest of the evening." The other girls glanced over at Leann and 
smiled. It seemed that the thought of being naked all evening was maybe 
bothering the girl. Nikki made a mental note to keep her eyes on this 
one. 

"When you are down in the bar, I want you all to circulate," Nikki went
on. "Get to know the members, introduce yourselves to them. If you 
build up a good relationship with someone, it will pay you good 
dividends when they are booking our special private training sessions. 
Remember, you get a percentage of all special sessions booked." She 
looked around. "Is everyone ready?" They all nodded. "OK, I will give 
Phil a call." She picked the phone from the wall and rang the bar. 

On receiving the call from Nikki, Phil banged his glass on the table and
got the attention of his guests. "Gentlemen, I'm informed that 
everything is ready. It's now time for you to see what we have to 
offer, so if you would like to, refill your glasses, and when you are 
ready, follow me." 

The members filed out and followed Phil over to the aerobics studio. A
row of comfortable chairs had been set out around the edge of the room. 
There was an expectant hum of conversation as the group settled into 
their seats. Phil stood up at the front, held his hand up, and the hum 
subsided. "Gentlemen, I hope you are enjoying your evening so far." 
There were a few nods and smiles. "Well, now for the serious business 
of the evening. I would like to introduce you to the team of fitness 
instructors who will all be at your disposal on these special 
sessions." 

He pressed a button on a panel on the wall and a low throb of music
started up. "Gentleman," he announced, "Our senior instructor, Nikki." 
A door behind him opened and Nikki ran out. She was wearing a bright 
red silk wrap. She smiled and waved at the gathering. Then Phil went on 
to introduce each of the other four girls: Dee, Sam, Tracey, and 
finally, Leann. Each girl was dressed in an identical silk wrap but 
each one was in a different colour. 

At a signal from Nikki, Phil pressed another button and the throbbing
sound of Diana Ross and her hit ‘Chain Reaction' filled the room. At 
the same moment each girl pulled on the belt of her wrap and with a 
shrug of the shoulders the girl's wrap slipped from her body and fell 
in a pool of colour around her feet. There was a gasp, and applause 
from the audience, as each girl was revealed totally naked. 

Then the girls walked out and spread themselves around the studio,
facing Nikki, who took up her position in the centre. She began to take 
the naked girls through an energetic aerobic routine. After three 
bouncy tracks, all of the girl's bodies were covered in a light sheen 
of perspiration. Under the bright lights of the studio, this added to 
the totally erotic sight. Nikki had worked the girls hard, ensuring 
that every delightful and intimate detail of their firm, well-honed 
bodies had been openly displayed to every man in the room. In her 
preparations for the display, Nikki had insisted that all four of the 
girls should completely shave their pussies clean. She wanted to make 
sure that nothing was hidden from the high paying members. 

Phil, from his position at the back of the room, noticed that all the
guys seemed to be thoroughly enjoying the spectacle put on by the 
girls. They even took up the beat of the music and clapped in time to 
the beat as the girls bounced and stretched in front of them. Each of 
the girls had been hand picked by Nikki and all four had firm natural 
breasts. The energetic work out and the fact that they were so openly 
on show to everyone had resulted in five pairs of erect nipples much to 
everyone's delight. At last, much to the obvious disappointment of the 
enthusiastic audience, the display finished, and as the last beat died 
away, the girls stood with arms raised above their heads and accepted 
the rapturous applause. Then, with a last wave, they turned and ran 
from the room. 

Several of the men came over and patted Phil on the back and
congratulated him, commenting that he had indeed excelled himself this 
time and if the rest of the evening turned out this well, they would be 
well satisfied. Just then the two topless waitresses walked into the 
studio carrying two bottles of Champaign each. Phil instructed them to 
fill up everyone's glasses. "Relax and enjoy a drink," he said, "while 
the girls have a quick shower and make themselve's ready for our next 
little demonstration." The men looked at each other, smiled in 
anticipation and raised their glasses to Phil. 

Phil allowed the girls time to get themselves sorted out, then led the
men into the cardiac gym. He could see that they were all more than 
pleased to see the girls again and that the girls were all still naked. 
Each girl was working on a different piece of apparatus and the men 
were able to wander around the gym and observe close up the sight of a 
totally naked girl working out on one ofthe many different machines. 

Even Leann, who at the start had been a little embarrassed about
exposing herself in front of so many men, had by now overcome her 
fears. She had, of course, as a lap dancer been used to stripping in 
front of complete strangers, but before tonight it had only been in 
front of one person at a time. It had been hard for her to strip naked 
in front of so many eyes. But now she was beginning to enjoy herself, 
and at the moment she was laid back on a weight lifting machine. In 
front of her two men stood watching her breasts tantalisingly rise and 
fall as she slowly pressed the weighted bar away from her firm young 
body and let it fall again. Not only was she allowing them to get a 
close up sight of her breasts with their rosy tipped erect nipples, but 
also, as her legs were spread astride the bench, she knew that she was 
allowing them an interesting sight of her clean shaven pussy that was 
quickly becoming quite moist due to the fact that she herself was 
becoming highly aroused. 

Phil left his guests plenty of time to enjoy the spectacle before he led
them all back to the bar where a buffet had been laid out. The girls 
again took another shower and tidied themselves up before joining the 
men. Nikki was pleased to see that they had all followed her 
instructions and mixed with the men. Phil had introduced her to two of 
the new members, both of whom were from the local licensing committee. 
These were some of the people whose good side Phil needed to keep on if 
he wanted to carry on running the gym without any local opposition. 

Nikki knew what she had to do, and she could see from the way the two of
them looked lustfully at her naked body that she was not going to have 
a problem. When they had eaten their fill, she suggested that they find 
a more private place where she would be able to provide them with a 
sample of what they could expect from a special private training 
session. Both men quickly agreed. 

She led them over to the treatment room area used during the normal
opening hours for massage and therapy treatments. Each girl had been 
allocated a room and Nikki had placed the girl's name on a card on the 
door. Inside the room was a comfortable treatment couch. "Well," said 
Nikki, "what shall it be? Shall we start with a massage and go on from 
there?" The two guys looked at each other and nodded. Nikki looked at 
them and smiled. "Well, the first thing I need you to do is to strip 
for me," she said. This was completed in record time and the two guys 
were soon down to their boxers, both, she noticed, trying to hide a 
growing erection. She got the first one up on to the bed and started on 
a massage with the other guy watching her. 

She worked slowly down his body and when she came to his boxers she
slowly drew them down, allowing his now rampant tool to spring out. 
Much to his delight she took it in her hands and rubbed it slowly, 
covering its full length. The guy on the couch started moaning and the 
other watched, fascinated, his hands already rubbing his own erection. 
"Is this treatment to your liking?" Nikki asked in a soft voice. The 
guy on the couch could only grunt his accent. Then to his obvious 
delight and pleasure, Nikki leaned over and placed her lips around his 
cock and drew him slowly into her mouth. This last action was just too 
much in his aroused state and he came almost at once. He apologised 
profusely as Nikki lapped up his juices. She smiled. "Don't worry, I'm 
here to give you both pleasure." 

She then treated the second guy to almost the same treatment while the
first one looked on. Then she allowed both of them to have sex with 
her, completing her intimate treatment session by allowing them the 
rewarding pleasure of a spit roast, with one fucking her doggie style 
while she took the other one in her willing mouth. After leaving them 
both very satisfied, she allowed them to clean themselves up. She then 
left to check up on the other girls. As she walked past the other 
treatment rooms, she heard grunts, moans and screams coming from them. 
It seemed to her that the first evening at Elways special member's 
night was going to be a total success. 





