Spring Break, and a visit from extended family.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Perry, Chapter 7 (HF, MF, bi, caution, inc, interr, mc, nc, oral, parody, impreg, ScFi)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's Note: All characters are 18 years and older.

---

For the rest of the week, Ed was unable to get the primary object of his lust, the cheerleader Charisma, alone. He made do with any other senior students or teachers that he could find, though, filling them up with his alien sperm, unmindful of the danger. Then Spring Break started.

"Okay, when Erin's family gets here, we're going to have you..." Ed's mother Eve pointed at her husband Bob, "in Ed's room with Dave. I'll be sleeping with my sister in our room, since I haven't done that in forever, and then the kids will take the living room, like normal."

Ed scratched his head. Normally Aunt Erin and Uncle Dave would take his room. This changeup was odd.

"I don't wanna sleep on the floor, Eve," Dave told her.

She gave him the look that told him that she was done arguing. "Just blow up the air mattress, Bob; it's only one night."

"Hmph."

---

When his aunt's family arrived, Ed was surprised to see that his strawberry blonde cousin Julie had grown even taller in the last year, about 5'10" now, though the 18-year-old's willowy figure had filled out as well, becoming more substantial in the hips and bust. He waited for Perry to say something about the gorgeous young woman, but he had been strangely silent for most of the day. Ed hoped that the alien parasite was finally realizing that his family was off limits.

---

Next door, Eve's neighbor Darla had invited another neighbor, Mrs. Chen, over for tea. Darla's new 5" blue cock, overstimulated by the other woman's orgasming pussy, ejaculated alien seed deep inside her.

---

Across town, the curvy librarian Mrs. Parker was sawing her new 5" blue cock into the juicy pussy of Mrs. Abed, the co-owner of the local convenience store. Bags of chips rained down from the shelves from their frenzied coupling.

---

After a sumptuous dinner, the extended family sat down to play some board games. Ed and Julie's team stomped the parents at Pictionary, but then the brother-in-laws Bob and Dave destroyed everyone with their ability to remember useless facts in Trivial Pursuit. Finally, it was time for bed.

The taller Julie took the couch, of course. Ed had mixed feelings when he found that he had grown just enough that he could no longer fully stretch out on the love seat. After some uncomfortable adjustments, he finally fell asleep.

---

Erin, Ed's Aunt, woke up to find what she thought was her husband sidling up to her, his hard cock poking into her thigh. "Oh, Dave..." she moaned, and raised her leg to allow his penis to slip between her thighs. Her bedmate slipped lower, and she could feel that hard cock start to press between her vaginal folds.

Then she remembered that she wasn't at home, and had gone to bed with her sister. "Wait, wha--?"

Then Eve thrust, burying her now 6" blue penis deep inside her sister's pussy.

Erin gasped, feeling pleasure blossoming from within her. She moved a hand to her partner's chest and found her sister's substantial breasts. "Wha--? Evie? How?"

"Shh!" Eve responded as she started to thrust in and out of her sister's well-lubricated pussy.

Erin moved her hand down, between her sister's thighs, and felt the impossible cock there. It wasn't a strap-on dildo; there was no belt or harness. Everything felt unreal...was she dreaming? she wondered. She felt Eve's fingers move her hand aside so that she could thrum her sister's clit. "Ohh..." Her nipples were so hard under the fabric of her nightie...she lay back and enjoyed what her sister was doing to her, the craziness of it not fully registering in her conscious mind.

Soon, she felt her orgasm rise from her clitoris and where that wonderful cock slid along her most private of places. "Ohh, Evie...Evieee...UNHH!"

"Yesss..." Eve hissed, and thrust deep. Her own orgasm rushed up through her cock and injected blue sperm inside her orgasming sister's pussy.

Erin's eyes flew open as she felt that amazing cock throb, and then hot cum splashed deep inside her. That sensation took her orgasm and rebounded it through her body. Her back arched in pleasure as her cervix spasmed open, allowing her sister's alien sperm to seep through into her fertile, forbidden depths. "Uh! Uh! Uhhh..."

---

"Perry?" Ed couldn't sleep. Julie's breathing was regular now, so he figured it was safe to talk.

*Oh! Hey, Ed!*

"You didn't answer me all evening. Were you sleeping?"

*Naw...I gotta make sure things are progressing well, y'know?*

"Progressing?"

"Who are you talking to? Are you on the phone?" Julie asked. A light shone at him from the couch.

"Ack!" Ed cried out, covering his eyes against the sudden glare.

"What...is that?"

Oh no! Ed realized that Perry was moving. "Don't look, Julie! I'm not decent!" He moved his hands down to try to cover up, but Perry slipped out of Ed's underwear and thrashed his blanket off.

"Ohmygod! Is that your penihhsss..." The light flipped up to illuminate the ceiling as her phone fell to the carpeted floor.

Ed froze. "Julie?" He couldn't see, as the beam had been right in his eyes and now it wasn't. He blinked, trying to get his eyes to adjust to the gloom, and then he felt her grab his cock.

"Julie, no! I mean, Perry, no!" Ed hissed. "She's my cousin!"

*Mother this, cousin that! You know what, Ed? I think you need to expand your horizons!* With that, Ed felt his cock get harder as a rush of desire roared through him.

"Oh nooo..." Ed moaned as Julie took Perry into his mouth. "Julieee..." She grasped his shaft and stroked, making him feel tremendously good as he lay back. Then she took her mouth off of him and he felt her climbing on top of him. "No..." Then Perry was slithering up inside her.

*Mmm! Some yummy blood up in here! Munch munch munch!*

Ed raised his head. "Oh shit! Was she a virgin?"

*Nope! I had no problem getting in. The blood seems to be coming from further inside.*

Julie was on her period, Ed realized. Well, at least there was no way that he was going to get her pregnant...

He paused. He had been fucking women every day since Perry had arrived, without a condom...why hadn't he even considered that he could get those women pregnant? Was this Perry's doing, or was he just that dense?

*Fuck fuck fuck!* Perry urged him.

Julie was grinding herself down on him now, having finally been able to take all 10 inches of him inside herself. Ed raised his knees, grabbed his cousin's rounded hips, and lifted her up and down upon his cock.

"Huh! Uh! Ohh..." she moaned, feeling Ed's huge member filling her, unlike her boyfriend with his mere six incher. She pulled her t-shirt off, setting her B-cup breasts free, and now that Ed's eyes had adjusted to the scant light from her phone flashlight reflecting off of the ceiling, he saw that they were amazing, pale and round, with small, dark areolas. He leaned forward to take one into his mouth.

"A-ahh!" Julie cried out as he greedily sucked. "Careful! They're really sensitive at this time of the month, Ed."

He switched to licking at her nipples instead. She rode him harder.

"It's...so deeeep..." Julie moaned. Then she stopped moving. "Ohmigod...it's...pushing...oww...!"

Ed stopped moving as well. "Perry? What're you doing?"

*I'm peckish for period, Ed! Yummy!*

Ed didn't know enough about female anatomy to realize that Perry had forced his way through Julie's cervical opening and was now in her womb, consuming all the excess uterine lining that was sloughing off. All Ed knew was that Julie was in pain. He reached down and flicked at her clitoris while he continued to lick at her nipple.

After a minute she relaxed. "It's...better now..." she whispered, and then she began riding him again. "That felt so strange, almost like losing my virginity again, but it's feeling...good...ohh..."

Ed could feel her pussy gripping him tighter and knew that he wasn't going to be able to last much longer. "Can we be...kissing cousins?" he asked her.

"Mmm..." she moaned, and moved forward to kiss him passionately. As her tongue speared into his mouth, he felt his balls give up their contents. His cum rushed up his lengthy shaft and was injected directly into her uterus.

"MMM!" Julie screamed into his mouth as she came hard, her body shaking in extreme pleasure as Perry spewed hot alien seed into the deepest recesses of her body. They found one of her ovaries within minutes and began the transformation process, just as their compatriots had done with several other women over the past couple of weeks.

---

In the morning, Julie woke Ed up, excited. "My period's all gone! I should come visit you every month, Ed!"

Ed looked around worriedly and then laughed, glad that nobody had overheard that.

After breakfast, both families gave each other hugs and Aunt Erin and her brood headed home. What a crazy night, she thought as her husband drove them home.

Deep inside her womb, her sister's blue sperm penetrated her vulnerable egg. The fertilized ovum would implant itself into the lining of her uterus the next day.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)