PAUL IN THE FARM

BY SUBBOY PAUL

Part 2

That evening Paul decided to have a bath and go to bed early. He
had found it quite uncomfortable sitting down with his Aunt and
Uncle and certainly didn't want to explain to them why he was
having such troubles. In the bath Paul started to think about the
events of that afternoon. He soon got an erection. As he played
with his prick he thought of the view he had of Julie's bust, he
also found himself thinking about being nude in front of Julie.
Somewhat to his surprise he found that thought exciting.

The same evening Julie was also going through the events of the
afternoon, she was keen to get her daughters to bed so that she
would have chance to view the video she had made of the events.
Once the girls were in bed Julie took the video to her bedroom
and undressed. She set the tape running and lay back on her bed
with a glass of wine to watch the events of the afternoon unfold
before her. Julie watched the actions of the young boy and
remembered ho she used to punish her husband before he became ill
and died so suddenly. The pictures and the memories helped Julie
to reach her orgasm.

The following morning Julie woke early and started to go through
the events of the previous afternoon and began to think about how
she could get rid of her daughters on Friday when Paul was due to
visit. She forced herself to put such matters behind her and get
up, she had work to do. When the girls came down for breakfast
Julie looked at them. It had been a while since she had given
them much attention. Mandy, at fourteen, had grown into a young
woman and even Sally, who was only twelve was beginning to
blossom. A sudden thought came into her head, why not let the
girls join her in disciplining the young boy. After all he was
about the same age as Mandy. Julie quickly dismissed this idea.
The girls were too young.

Julie spent the day working on the farm with the help of her
daughters. The two girls worked hard, perhaps they were growing
up, maybe she should enlist their help with Paul. This thought
kept coming into Julie's mind. The more she tried to dismiss it
and argue against it the more the idea would return.

Julie said nothing to the girls, but went to bed and watched the
video again. As she looked at the naked teenage boy on the screen
the thought of using him to teach her two daughters about boys
became stronger. By the time Julie went to sleep she had
convinced herself that the girls could and should get involved.

The next evening, Thursday, Julie sat down with the girls for tea
as usual. During the meal she kept looking at the girls, she
still wasn't sure. She remembered the way Mandy had treated one
of her male cousins at a recent family meeting. She was quite
bossy with the boy even though he was a year older than her. As
the girls washed up Julie went and fetched the video.

"I've got something to show you two." Julie said to the girls as
they had finished. "I think it's time for you to learn some more
of the facts of life."

Mandy groaned, "Mum I know about that sort of stuff, we did it in
school."

"I know that, but this is something else. I don't quite know how
to explain so both of you come and watch this video." Julie
countered, she hoped she was doing the right thing. There was no
turning back.

The two girls sat down in front of the TV and Julie pressed play.
The scene that greeted the two girls was of Paul standing naked
facing the camera with his hands on his head. It wasn't the
position of hi hands that grabbed the girls attention but his
erect penis standing up in front of him. Both girls were too
shocked to say anything, the just watched silently as there
mother came into view carrying the strap. They watched the whole
tape noting how Paul's prick waved about when he jumped up from
one of the strokes of the cane.

When the tape came to an end Julie turned the machine off then
broke the silence. "Well, what do you think of that?" She asked.
"That was Paul, I caught him crossing the large field. He's
coming back tomorrow for the next instalment of the cane."

"It's, um interesting!" was all Mandy could say.

"I thought it might be, would you two like to help me punish
him?" Julie asked looking at the girls.

"Would we get to see him nude?" asked the twelve year old Sally.
"I've never seen a boy naked before. I think it's neat." She
added as she began to babble with excitement. "Did you see the
way his thingy was sticking up all the time. Mrs Harris, our
sex-ed teacher, says that happens when boys are excited. Was he
excited? I would have thought he would be scared and in pain."

"Of course you'll get to see him naked, how else would you be
able to help me cane him." Julie answered her excited daughter.
"how about you Mandy, what do you think?"

"I'd like to help, it would feel good to be able to boss a boy
about, I'm fed up with the boy's at school telling me what to
do." Mandy said. "Yes, I think it'll be cool to whip a boys bare
arse."

The next morning all three females at farm got up expecting an
exciting experience. Julie advised the girls how to dress in
order to tease Paul as much as possible. Mandy, who's bust was
developing nicely, was advised to wear a crop top that showed her
flat tummy and, as she had no bra on, her young firm tits when
ever she bent over and a pair of Sally's jeans that were too
tight for her, but showed her backside off well. Sally was told
to put on a pair of old shorts and a tee shirt, Sally had good
long legs and her tits were just beginning to show in the tight
tee shirt.

When Paul arrived at the farm Julie introduced him to Mandy and
Sally and told him that he would be helping them to repair walls
around the farm. Paul was taken back a bit at seeing the two
girls but was quite pleased to be going to be in the company of
two such good looking females.

Mandy led the three of them out across the farm and into a field.
Paul's eyes kept moving from Mandy's backside in the too tight
jeans to Sally's long slim legs. Mandy and Sally explained to
Paul what he was to do. As he had never repaired walls before
they suggested that he gathered the stones that had been knocked
off the wall. Both girls began to work on the wall. Mandy made
sure that she bent over giving Paul a good look down her top. She
knew that he would be able to see much of the top of her tits if
she bent facing him and the underside if she bent down with her
back to the boy. All this deliberate flashing had the desired
effect on Paul and soon he was having to try to hide the erection
that was bulging out the front of his shorts.

After about an hour and a half Mandy suggested they stop for a
drink. This short break gave Sally the chance to sit facing Paul.
She gently pulled her shoulders back to make the most of her
budding boobs. Paul noticed the swelling in her tee shirt and
could clearly make out her nipples as the pressed against the
material, he was glad his shorts were quite baggy so that is
erection wasn't too obvious.

Paul's three hours work were soon up and he was quite
disappointed when Mandy said that it was time to go back to the
farm house. When they got there Julie was waiting for them, she
had already set up the camera and tested it. Paul expected the
girls to be sent out but Julie was to surprise him.

"Ok Paul it's time for your punishment. Since you have had the
chance to have a break since the first twelve you'll have to pay
interest of twenty-five percent. Or put another way instead of
having thirty more stokes to come you've got thirty- seven to
come." Said Julie. "Also as I never strap or cane on a cold
bottom you'll have to be spanked first." Julie added. "I've also
decided that since the girls have had to do so much extra work
due to your trespassing they are going to help me punish you."

"But they are only girls," Protested Paul. "And Sally's younger
than me. They can't see me nude, it's not right."

"Don't you tell me what's right, young man." Said Julie. "And as
for them girls your right I suppose that makes them less strong
than me so, when Mandy straps and canes you she will have to give
you three strokes instead of two and, as Sally's so young she
will have to give you four instead of two."

"But" began Paul.

"We can always make it double if you like." Julie interrupted,
"Now come on get your things off before I make it double."

Paul realised that he was not going to win and began to undress.
As he removed his tee shirt he could feel his prick hardening. By
the time he dropped his underpants his prick was standing out
from his body. Paul tried to cover himself up but Julie was
having none of that. "Come on hands on your head." She instructed
the young teenage boy. As Paul removed his hands from in front of
his prick Sally's eyes were drawn to it.

Julie let Paul stand naked for a while exposing his body to her
daughters, then said. "Ok over my knee, I'll start the ball
rolling with a spanking."

Paul was quit pleased to hide himself from the girls. Julie began
a slow steady spanking. She didn't give him too many as she
wanted her girls to get their hands on the boy.

"Ok, that's enough from me, it's Mandy's turn now. Get up and let
Mandy sit down then you can go over her knee. Paul got up and let
Mandy take her mother's place on the chair. He moved to go over
her knee.

"Wait a moment," said Mandy as Paul was about to bend over, "I'm
not comfortable like this." This delay meant that she now had a
very close view of Paul's prick. Mandy wriggled her bottom on the
chair and leant forward. Paul, who was stood very close to her
could see down her top and was watching her young boobs as the
jiggled about. This only made Paul's prick swell a little more.

"That's better," Mandy said, "You can get over my lap now."

Paul did as instructed and bent over the girls jean clad thighs.
Mandy tentatively put her hand on Paul's naked bottom. She let it
stay there for a while then lifted it and brought it down with a
smack, she let her hand rub over the boy's bottom before
repeating the process. Mandy slowly smacked all over the bare
buttocks that were before her.

After about twenty smacks Julie decided it was time to stop her
eldest daughter. "I think that's enough from you, Mandy. Ok Paul
up you get. As Paul stood up Mandy let her hand linger over his
bottom.

Sally took Mandy's place on the chair and Paul moved obediently
towards her bare legs without a word from any of the females.
"Not so fast," Said Sally, who wanted to get a closer look at
Paul's prick, "just stand there until Mum has told me how to
spank you. I've never done this before and I want to get it
right.

Julie looked at her youngest daughter with some admiration. "As
Mandy has dealt with his buttocks quite well I suggest you try to
work a little lower. To do this you will have to get him further
over your knee than Mandy did."

"Ok" said Sally, "you heard what Mum said, get right over." Paul
didn't want to annoy Sally so he went as far over as he could. He
found his hard prick became trapped between Sally's bare thighs,
this gave Paul a very pleasant feeling. The pleasure was short
lived, however, as Sally smacked her hand hard down on the
underside of Paul's right buttock. Quickly she lifted her hand
and brought it down almost in the same place. Smack three
followed and smack four landed on the top of Paul's thigh.

"Slow down a bit." Advised Julie as Sally landed her fifth blow
on the naked boy. Sally let her hand rest where it had landed
with her fingers wrapped around the inside of the boys left
thigh. Sally rubbed her hand up and down Paul's thigh for a while
then lifted it and brought it down with a smack on his other
side. Sally soon settled into a slow rhythm, smacking first one
thigh and then the other and leaving her hand in place for a few
seconds after each smack. With each smack Paul's legs parted
slightly, this meant that more of the inside of his left thigh
became available for Sally to smack and stroke.

Julie watched her youngest daughter with some admiration, Sally
certainly was learning quickly. So carried away was Julie she
almost forgot to call a halt to the spanking Paul was receiving
at the hands of the twelve year old. "That's enough," Said Julie,
"It's time he had a break, ready for the real punishment."

