TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright April 29, 2007 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, M+/F, MM, MF, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Title:  A Balanced Marriage 
Author: C.D.E.


	My name is Edward, but everyone calls me Ed.  I was 23 when I met Elaine - who was the same age. She is a most beautiful and charming girl.  We had been dating for over a year and became engaged at Christmas.  The plan was for a June wedding.

	The wedding plans were on hold after I found out that that some of Elaine's friends threw a secret engagement party for her.

	It wasn't the party that caused the issue, it was the fact that all her friends were men, and that she  volunteered to let them pull a train on her.  Maybe volunteered is not the right word.  You see, I got a copy of the video that was made of the event.  I had hard proof that she instigated and urged every man on until there was not a hard dick that had not been well softened by one of her holes.

	Needless to say, this saddened me extremely, as I was very faithful to Elaine.  In addition she made me commit to save my virginity for our wedding bed.  Therefore, here she was putting out for many men, and she was denying me what she was giving away to other men wantonly and freely.

	To make matters worse, since I couldn't have intercourse with her because she wanted me to save myself for her and our wedding bed, it was Elaine's idea that I satisfy the passions that would naturally occur between she and I by going down on her.

	I had only heard of sucking pussy, but never performed it before meeting Elaine.

	In fact, Elaine was the first girl that showed any interest in me.  It was mother who introduced us, since my mom knew her mom.

	However, once I got the hang of  sucking her pussy , I took to it like a fish to water.  That's a good analogy, for her lovely luscious cunt was always wet and syrupy when she had me suck her.  She always urged me to swallow all her juices.

	She tasted delicious and there was something very satisfying about having my face in her warm hairy crotch and to have her holding my head tightly to her crotch as she gyrated her pelvis and ground her snatch in my face .  It also boosted my ego to experience her have such rousing orgasms as a direct result of my oral efforts.

	After getting her off, she would look on as I pulled my peter and shoot my wad.  This really pleased Elaine for she always had this certain, but cute smile on her face as I handled myself after tonguing her out.  Usually, she would bare her breast as a treat to me. You see, she  forbade me from touching them until we were wed.  Her 38C's were a sight to behold and really was great eye candy for a guy like me as I was pulling myself off.

	Elaine, will occasionally touch and fondle my 4 & 3/4 prick and it's really a super treat for me when she does.  But for the most part, I'm the one that gets myself off as I jerk off under her observation.  She also tells me certain moves to make while I'm jacking off, so I can say she also supervises me too. 

	All in all, I felt like the luckiest guy in the world.  That is until the video surfaced.

	However, getting back to the video.  From the video, which was over an hour long, I learned from the different conversations on the tape,  that Elaine had been fucking many of the guys on a regular basis, well before we started dating and up to he present.  Besides her cheating, it seemed to be well know among her men friends that Elaine was feeding me a lot of their spend from her cum drenched cunt every since I'd been started sucking her pussy.

	After confronting her, she confessed.  I was devastated, and she firmly reiterated that just because she was a slut didn't mean she didn't love me.

	Edward, in fact I have a very special love for you, that's why I did what I did.  Elaine is about the only one that calls me Edward.  She can do it in such a sexy voice too. However, despite that I stilled loved her, I was appalled at her explanation that she saw it as just natural for a 'small dick guy' to please her with my mouth and to lap up after her better endowed men.

	It hurt and she apologized up front as she let me know that she had assessed that I was sexually inadequate for her and that I would need help to take care of her needs.

	We talked a long while about the situation and in the end, even though browbeat and feeling very humiliated, I nevertheless reluctantly agreed to attend sessions with a Relationship Counselor.


MEETING DR. JUDY

	After the very first visit, the counselor, Dr. Judy,  did make me feel better about things and that I shouldn't be pessimistic about the relationship just because Elaine  in her words desired to fuck around on me.

	Dr. Judy gave me more insight about what she called a balanced loving relationship.  She fully condoned Elaine's behavior and set out to explained to me why it was not unusual and that I should not have any qualms about proceeding to marry a slut.

	I did love Elaine deeply.  And besides her beauty, she was so easy to talk to about everything and we liked many of the same books, TV shows, movies, etc.  Something in me told me I had to give the relationship a chance, even at the cost of my self-esteem.  Dr. Judy thought so too.

	Ed, since you're acclimated to performing oral sex upon Elaine and she's accustomed to it.  So  in order to keep things balanced, I don't see why that should not continue.  Therefore I'm prescribing that you are to resume licking and sucking her cunt immediately.  Spoke Dr. Judy.  She added Elaine, I'm also prescribing that you still continue to have relations with your other men and bring to Ed as much of their sperm in your cunt as you can for him to consume.  Do not clean up as you have been doing, so that Ed only got traces of the ejaculate from your men friends.  I'm recommending that your fiance taste you as freshly fucked as possible.

	Elaine, with a serious look on her face,  reassured Dr. Judy she would do as asked.

	I stood there with my mouth open after hearing Dr. Judy's words.  She then directed her words at me.

	Ed, not only is it good for you to taste her that way, but I want you to actually observe Elaine having sex with her different studs and then to lick and suck her clean on the spot.

	Dr Judy acknowledged that Elaine's Alpha males may not permit me to watch them.  But  Elaine quickly interjected that she saw no problem.  She thought it would be good for me to watch also.

	Good!  Ed, I know this may be unnerving for you, but in my professional opinion, I think it will really do you good, and be good for the  relationship, for you to feel totally comfortable and at ease as a Beta male around more superior and better endowed men.  It will certainly reduce the tension between you and them when they see you sucking up their spend.  In addition, it will earn you their respect for the love you show Elaine.  You see Ed, you'll be doing something they as Alpha males, or real men, would never do.  That should make you feel better about all this.

	I had to admit that I had never thought of the matter in those terms.  Dr. Judy came up with another surprise for me.

	Ed I know how close you and your mother are and that you take her counsel seriously.  I have been in touch with her and have talked over another thing, I want you to pursue as soon as possible.  So please go see her as soon as you can.

	Dr. Judy then dismissed Elaine and I and reminded me of her prescriptions.  She said it with such authority, that I felt I had no choice except to do as I was told.

	I had the same feeling as when mother would say That's final and that;s the way it's going to be.  Dad and I knew then and there that whatever the issue was at the time, that indeed that was the way it was going to be.

	As Dr. Judy closed out the session, she reiterated once more this concept of balance in a relationship.

	Ed, it's critical that you must balance out your need to love and have Elaine as your wife, with what you have to do to keep her love and affection.  The only way to do that is to counterbalance by doing things that her real men won't do.  As long as you do that and be cooperative with what's asked of you, you'll have a very secure and well adjusted relationship and marriage.



ED TALKS TO HIS MOTHER

	Ed, Dr. Judy and I had a long conversation.  She understood the close relationship you and I have and she's a firm believer that mama's boys like you need the nurturing of his mother, despite that you're 23.

	O-Oh I see.  Was all I could say when mother spoke of Dr. Judy calling her.

	Edward, my son, I like Elaine a lot and see her as a great daughter-in-law.  I want you to do whatever it takes to make this relationship work.  Elaine needs other men to make up for what you can't do for her physically between her legs.  However, you have her hooked on you emotionally, so therefore I don't want you to screw that up.  She needs a loving helpmate just like you and really thinks the world of you.  You are her dream husband.

	T-That so-so good to hear.  B-But the facts are...

	The fact is that you love her and I think a lot of her. A few guys fucking her and leaving their sperm in her pussy when you suck it is not a serious enough thing for you to even think about breaking up.

	Mother's tone was changing to one that I knew so well.  So I knew it was better to listen rather than trying to talk. 

	When finally mother had spoke her piece, which really was for the most part chiding me for being so insensitive to Elaine's needs, I was finally permitted to talk.  However, I took too long and she continued on.

	Ed sweetie, I know you feel a bit put down by all this,but in the long run, just as Dr. Judy has said, this will all be good for you.  You and I have to have to accept that the only way you can have and hold a wonderful girl as Elaine is to compromise in ways a real man wouldn't.  But then, as you know, you're not a real manly guy.  You're a milksop and a wimp.  We have to accept that.  Okay?

	True, I'm of small  physical stature  about 5'6 and  125 pounds.  And my personality is one of an of an unassuming, non-confrontational nature. Was I really a wimp?  The answer hit me in the face.  Compared to the guys on the video, physically I was.  After all, I couldn't help but be struck by their handsomeness and brawny build.

	After some thought, it didn't take me long to conclude that mother was right.

	SIGH! I-I-I... O-Okay mother.  Y-You're right, I-I guess t-there is no use avoiding reality.  I said dejectedly.

	That's my boy, I knew you would be reasonable when it came right down to it.  Now on the plus side ,Edward you have done fabulously pleasing Elaine' pussy with your tongue and sucking all the juices out of her as she desires.  Now Dr. Judy wants you become more acclimated and accustomed to more of the cum that Elaine's studs leave deposited in her cunt.  I agree with Dr. Judy, it will be good for you see her men fucking her and ejaculating in her pussy.  As well as for you to suck it all out, and mouth clean up her snatch in their presence.

	Just as Dr. Judy, said, you'll show your respect to them as the better men an at the same time earn their respect for what you're willing to do for the woman you love.  They'll see that although they may be fucking her, Elaine will be getting something from you that they could never stoop to do. Hence, they will not likely try and steal her away from you, no matter how good a slut she is for them.

	Dr. Judy said the almost the same thing, but hearing mother say it, made me feel better about giving the relationship between Elaine and I another chance, despite that it obviously meant a dimension of humiliation and abasement I never envisioned.

	Little did I know how much more the dimension would grow when mother told me about what else Dr. Judy desired of me for her prescription of a well balanced marriage for me.

	Dr. Judy wanted me to undergo training to perform Fellatio, or in simple terms, training to suck cocks and swallow jism.

	I became speechless upon hearing this, but as mother explained why it was good for me to suckle a superior penis and to extract the semen from the man's balls, I began to see the bigger picture.  She condensed it all down into a few words for me.  It's a skill that a wimpy prissy guy like you must have available when he needs it.  Face it Edward, being around Elaine's real men will require you to show them from time to time that you respect them as real men.  Hence, what better way than to show you know how to lick and suck their dicks. Therefore they'll  know you're no threat to their manliness, but more as a compliment to it when you pay homage to them orally.

	The more mother talked, the less apprehensive I became and finally agreed to do as she and Dr. Judy wanted me to do.


GETTING READY FOR THE WEDDING

	Edward, I'm so pleased that your cocksucking training is going so well under Dr. Judy's tutelage.  As I told you, daddy wants that as part of the wedding ceremony, that is, you sucking his dick at the altar as proof of your bonding with the family.

	Y-Yes he's reminded me of it several times.

	And he tells me that the practice sessions between you and he have been going great.

	Y-Yes they have.  I-I can deep throat him real good now.  Between practicing with him and Dr. Judy's training, I-I don't gag or choke when my a hard dick is rammed down my throat.

	But I suspect if you're like me honey,  you like tasting a that hot creamy cum, so you want the man you're blowing to cum in your mouth and coat your tongue and gums before you swallow. Elaine said as she smiled at me.

	I had to agreed with Elaine.  It was much letter to taste cum rather than have it injected straight down your gullet.

	As I mentioned earlier, one thing I really adored about Elaine was that we could talk about anything.  Well, never would I have dreamt that one day we would be comparing notes on cocksucking techniques, and from our personal direct experiences no less.

	Elaine is 5 months pregnant and will have to wear a maternity gown to our wedding.  The guy who knocked her up will be our best man.

	His name is Eric.  He's an old boyfriend and she told me that when they were in high school lovers, she promised him they would make a baby one day.  She said she'd made the same promise to other guys she's dated in the past.  So I guess I can expect them  her other old flames - to contribute to our future family additions.

	Elaine likes for me to rub and kiss her swollen belly as a reminder of my affection for her, especially when we're around others.  And when we're in the presence of family or friends, she never fails to let them know who put it there and that she's never let me have any  remember I'm a virgin.

	Her family knows Eric and is excited that their daughter, my fiancee, is going to the altar to marry me, carrying his baby.

	Elaine though it was fitting for me to suck Eric's dick for him as a gesture of congratulations for his inseminating her.  I could see this meant a lot to her, so I did.  She watched me do him ands was very pleased with me.

	Dr. Judy had told me in one of my continuing sessions with her that I would do very well in  my relationship with Elaine where there would be instances of humiliation or abasements to my character or manhood.  
	
	She was correct in that the more it occurred, the less sensitive I became to such things.  By this time I was taking insults, rudeness, and verbal abuse  as if it was natural for me to be the recipient of such treatment.  Elaine's family really liked that about me.

	For the wedding, I'll be wearing a white tux and a woman's white ornate lacy Victorian type blouse, instead of the traditional formal shirt and bow tie.  In addition, I'll be wearing a three strand pearl choker and pearl necklace with a large gold medallion on it,  engraved in large letters, VIRGIN.

	In the ceremony, I'm to remove the medallion and present it to Elaine as a gesture of me giving her my virginity.

	This was all mother's idea. For she was so proud of me coming to the  altar a virgin.


EPILOGUE

	Elaine and I have been married 12 years now.

	We have 8 kids.  Out of six deliveries, there were two sets of twins.  Not a one of those babies were mine biologically, but Dr. Judy had prepared me for having to raise other men's children.  Both our families constantly praise me  for being a good and caring daddy and how I  doted on the kids.

	I've eaten a lot of jism from my wife's sloppy slimy well fucked, but delicious cunt over the years. And when I have had an opportunity to put it in her lush snatch, I have to wear a rubber, one of her firm rules. 

	It's only been when she's pregnant do I get her hot, raw, and wet.  Her lovers and studs always get her lovely juicy snatch unfettered.

	However, I've adapted and have come to be at peace with myself living as a humiliated cuckold  husband.   Once you get use to it, it's not all that bad.  Since I'm not much of an outgoing guy or dance very well, one benefit is that other men take care of giving her a good time when they they take my wife out.  While she's out enjoying herself, I stay home and babysit our kids.  

	One of her men friends even took her on an all expense paid week long cruise. Elaine really enjoyed herself and even more so when she came home pregnant as result of it.  She frequently refers to our baby daughter as her cruise souvenir.

	Elaine has no idea who the father is, because she concluded it was not the child of the man who took her on the cruise. She openly told me she was involved in several gang bangs on the cruise.  That's one thing I can count on in our marriage is honesty and openness.  Not many couples can say that.

	I'm basically happy with the way things have turned out in the marriage.  I have a beautiful wife and a beautiful family, even if large by modern standards.

	Of course, as you can imagine, none of our kids look anything like me.  You see, that is what Elaine wanted, me raising other men's babies in our marriage as long lasting, walking, breathing, emblems of her infidelity to me and the fact that I endure such, comes out to be a courageous symbol of my pure love for her.    

	Another thing, Elaine's father and I grew closer than I'd thought we would, and I'm not sure I really wanted it to be as close as it has become.  However, he's very likable and assertive, - maybe domineering is a better word - at least when it comes to me.  Anyway, I've found it hard not to capitulate to him and do whatever he desires of me.  He frequently sleeps over at our house.  When he does, he expects me to sleep with him in the guest room.  He loves to bury his big dick in me as we have intercourse face to face missionary style.

	Man to man intercourse, where I'm the pussy, is another of the training therapies that that Dr. Judy recommended for me.

	There is pretty much a routine to what Elaine's dad wants me to do on those nights.  I gently suck the first load from his large throbbing dick.  We then rest a while.  Then later, he starts giving me a long slow fuck as he wraps me in his strong muscular arms.  The only variation here is whether he will ejaculate in my ass or down my throat.  I never know which to expect, but accommodate him either way.  He usually gets off  in me about three times.  One time when he was really horny, he shot 5 loads in me. He kept me up all night as he alternated plunging his large stiff tool between my ass and mouth.

	After he's had and used me to satisfy his lust, he likes to draw me against his muscular body as we drift off to sleep in the afterglow of satisfying sex.  I never envisioned such a thing happening when becoming part of Elaine's family, but have settled into the routine of being her dad's concubine pussy boy toy when he desires me to be.

	I don't know why, but each time he's come to me with a tent pole in his pants, I can't help but find myself wanting to help him find relief, whether it's with my mouth or ass-cunt  that's his words for my ass these days.  

	Elaine's dad also rents me out to his friends and other horny men on occasion.  He has yet to offer me any of the proceeds from his enterprise and Elaine thought it was offensive for me to ask him to.  So I haven't, and I let him whore me out for his total profit, only receiving many loads of hot slimy semen as tangible compensation.  However, over the 10 years or so of him using me this way, the experience and memories I've gained are priceless.

	It's pleasurable to experience different and strange dicks.  However, mentally, when I'm with other men, it doesn't seem as cozy as when her dad beds me down. I've read somewhere that there is a similar feeling between other whores and their pimps.

	Something else, I really didn't realize how much affection there was between mother and Elaine, until I learned that on occasion, they were having sex, the same as Elaine's dad and I were.

	This made it clear to me that our two families were bonding very well.

	Dr. Judy said that my marriage and relationship with Elaine would be an intimate and healthy romantic adventure. All I can say is that she was right, it has been.  And in addition, I believe I have done everything I can to make it well balanced too.

###END###



	

	