MONDAY, SEPT. 14 

Rose left for work at 8:15 sharp. Her makeup was heavier than usual, but from a distance she looked presentable.

"I'll wait upstairs until the packed boxes are picked up," Victoria said, after Rose had disappeared. "I'll find a cab back."

"Then I should collect you again at 4:30?" Herbert nodded. "You're no trouble, Miss Brown. I'll wait, if you wish."

"No thank you, Herbert."

She lacked a key, but the lock was no trouble. Victoria stood in the bare living room and looked around approvingly. Only the large pieces of furniture remained unboxed. Most of the kitchen was empty as well. A few kitchen utensils, and food remained.

The rest of the apartment was unexplored territory. The bathroom was off a hallway that led to the bedroom. It was cluttered, with underwear hanging from the shower rod. There were two additional rooms at the end of the hallway, the bedroom and a small studio with a large skylight.

The watercolors in the living room had been Rose's own, Victoria realized, examining the paintings in the crowded space. There were more books here, and art supplies.

The bedroom was in upheaval. Clothing lay strewn on bed, chairs and floor. Various ornamental storage boxes tumbled out of the large closet. Three half-filled suitcases lay on the unmade bed.

Well, at least Rose had done something on her own, Victoria thought. Tonight they could work on the studio.

She had just returned to the living room when the movers knocked on the door. With the last of the packed boxes gone, the empty shelves looked skeletal, the room seemed much larger. Life in transition. For some reason the sight made Victoria uneasily aware of the possibility of transition in her own life. What had it said in the novel?

All moments, past, present, and future, always have existed, always will exist. It is just an illusion . . . that one moment follows another. . . 

Close your eyes, turn toward the past or future, and there would be someone living in these rooms.

If she closed her eyes and concentrated, she could smell caviar and vodka, return to Paris and hear him say, Will you come to bed with me?

She could imagine skipping forward to the moment when she was forced to look at his lifeless body, then flinging herself backward to an apartment in New York where she stood in his arms, dancing to radio tunes.

Victoria rubbed her forehead, locking Rose's apartment door as she stepped into the hallway. She had a shopping list to fill.

SInce she had the supplies, and the time, Victoria spent the afternoon baking shortbread and an American spice drop cookie recipe she found in a magazine. When she left the apartment to meet Herbert, she gave Fred a bag of cookies, and left one for Ben. Herbert got a bag for himself, and one to take back to the embassy.

"May I eat one now? That's a good smell, Miss Brown."

"Go ahead." Victoria had one last bag for Rose. "The holidays are coming. I'm always looking for a new recipe, or two. Tell me what you think of those spice drops."

"Good," Herbert said, after he'd sampled three. "You could add raisins or nuts."

"Or both. Here we are. Pick me up at 9 o'clock."

Rose tried to turn her nose up at the shortbread, and failed. She grudgingly made a pot of tea and offered Victoria tinned soup.

"I'll start on the studio. Join me after you're done eating." It gave her a second of satisfaction to see the shock on Rose's face. Just how did Rose think the movers had gotten into her apartment that morning? "Your paintings are lovely."

"Snooping bully bitch" followed Victoria as she left the kitchen.

They worked until most of the studio was carefully packed in boxes.

"Tomorrow night we'll start on your bedroom and closets," Victoria said as she left. "You might start sorting the clothing."

"Great cookies, Miss Brown." Ben held the door for her, grinning from ear to ear. "They're already gone."

Small confections brought small moments of content, Victoria thought as she stepped into the spice scented apartment. What was so satisfying about a freshly baked biscuit? The taste in and of itself, or the long string of memories stretching back to the first time a young creature realized putting something more substantial than milk into the mouth resulted in a sensation of texture, taste, pleasure.

It was only a few minutes later that the knock came, before she had time to shower, before she had time to watch the clock and wait. It was too early, Victoria thought. Something was wrong.

"It would be wiser . . ."

It was a reenactment of the first time he had come through the door. When he wasn't kissing her, he spoke rapidly, urgently in Russian.

"Ivan." She held her fingers over his mouth. "What is it?"

"Kuznetsov. He has slipped his escort." He took her hand and led to her to the couch. "It appears he may have had help from American friends who thought to help a poor Russian escape the repression his wife and country impose upon his freedom."

"I think that was the first truly cynical thing I have ever heard you say." She evaluated his body language. He was wearing the coverall, but had not brought the duffel. The outline of a shoulder holster had pressed against her as he kissed her, and there would be another gun at his ankle. He was focused and extremely unhappy. "Americans -- official, or civilian?"

"We believe civilian. It has only been a few hours. This country --" He rolled his eyes. "Very difficult for me to work efficiently here. When we find him, and we will find him, they may want me to personally arrange for immediate transport back to Moscow."

Victoria had known, as soon as he came through the door. She tried to dissociate, to hold the calm she always found when working, when viewing a target. "I understand. You had best go quickly, then."

"You have been baking." Ivan's fingers traced her mouth. "I intended to share a family recipe with you. Now, I do not know if there will be time to do so. Ya teybya lyublyu. My Victoria. I must go."

Her calm evaporated as he kissed her by the door. Victoria saw the blue of his eyes turn dark as he finally held her at arm's length. The most primal, overwhelming imperative she had ever experienced demanded she rip the clothing from his body and, if necessary, drag him to her bed. Somehow she managed to take a step away. "Goodbye, Ivan."

His lips compressed. He shook his head, and slipped through barely open door into the hallway.

TUESDAY, SEPT. 15 

Victoria kept her seat in the car until her watch said 8:20. "She's late leaving. I'll check on her," she said to Herbert.

There was no response to her knock. Victoria picked the lock in seconds, went directly to the bedroom. The suitcases were gone. Not just Kuznetsov, then. Rose was with him. When she returned to the living room, Ivan stood just inside the entry.

"They have car. We thought they would go to Canada, but they are at private home outside city. Will you come with me, and take responsibility for her?"

"Yes." Victoria went to Rose's phone and dialed from memory. "Mr. Giles? Victoria Brown. Could you get me the directory number for Miss Smythe's employer? I will need to call and let him know she is unable to work today." She waited, holding Ivan's gaze.

Barry Giles' voice was flat as he read her the number. "Do you know where she is?"

"Thank you. Miss Smythe's friend is with her right now. I'll be leaving the city for a while, with the gentleman I met at the coffee shop."

"Have a pleasant afternoon. Drop by the embassy when you can."

Victoria briefly replaced the receiver, then dialed Rose's work number. "Hello? This is Miss Brown phoning for Miss Smythe. I'm not sure who to speak with. Miss Smythe developed an abscessed tooth in the night. She's sedated right now. If you could pass the message along, I'll have her phone later, when she's feeling better."

"Send your driver away." Ivan was moving before she took her hand away from the phone. "You can use their car for return trip."

Herbert gave her a long look when she told him to return to the consulate. Victoria was sure he had seen Ivan leave the building in front of her. She waited as he pulled the car into traffic and disappeared.

"Come." Ivan had an inconspicuous, dark sedan. "Rental," he said as she got into the front seat, "not one of ours."

Probably without intrusive devices, Victoria interpreted, but nothing was certain. "What can you tell me?"

They moved smoothly, quickly through the traffic. Ivan was an aggressive driver, at home in the rude crush of other aggressive drivers. "I will know more when we find him. He may have thought to take her to Paris from Canada. There is no approved political reason for his actions."

"So, personal then."

"He is not thinking with head." Ivan held his hand down on the car's horn, and missed a taxicab by less than an inch. "Something must have changed once they left city. It was foolish to go to this house unless he wished to be rapidly reacquired."

Victoria remembered Rose's response to learning Kuznetsov was married. "She's giving him a difficult time of it," she said slowly. "He tells her of a way they can be together. She can't help herself, she has to go. They leave the city together. But she also can't help confronting him about his wife. Kuznetsov begins to wonder if he made a mistake."

"Leaving her at this house would be closer than Canada, and safer than returning the the city," Ivan said. "What you say seems likely."

"Are you married?" As soon as she asked, Victoria wanted to shoot her own tongue. "Never mind."

"No. Never." He gave her an intense, sideways glance that held more than a trace of laughter. "Will you kill him, and save me the trouble again?"

"Do you want me to?" Victoria watched his hands as he drove. "What is best outcome for this situation, from your point of view?"

"You do not want my point of view. My people expect him to return home, alive."

"Then I cannot shoot him," Victoria said, feeling real regret. "How long before we get to the house?"

"Perhaps two hours. It seems unlikely we will have additional time together."

She turned her head and looked away from him, out the window at the rapidly passing landscape. "The time we had was good."

"It was not enough, milaya." He said the words very quietly. "We have not finished reading the book. I wished to show you how to bake Russian pastry."

"Tell me now," she said. "I'll remember."

"Put your hand in my jacket pocket. Find cigarettes. Light one for me." Ivan rolled his window down enough to let in a rush of fresh air, and pulled out the car's ash tray.

Victoria found the cigarettes and a plain silver lighter. She lit a cigarette and passed it to him.

"Spasibo. We start with crust so it can chill, overnight is good."

They drove fast through the American countryside. Victoria mixed the crust in her mind as Ivan described the steps in the recipe. "What should the oven temperature be?" she asked, when he failed to include a crucial element in preparation.

"I'm not sure," he said, apologetically. "I did not observe."

"You've watched this being prepared, but never made the recipe yourself?" Victoria ran over the exact measurements for the ingredients. He must have a remarkable memory.

"Da. Layers bake for no more than ten minutes, come out --" he waved a hand.

"Evenly browned, golden in color?" She couldn't help laughing at the incongruity of being taught a recipe by someone who had never baked. "I can manage that."

From crust to custard to tort assembly, Ivan talked and smoked, moving without pause from pastry to his impressions of New York. Victoria listened to his voice as much as his words, occasionally lighting cigarettes for him. When he left the paved road and turned onto a gravel driveway that led through solid walls of trees, Victoria checked her watch and found, to her surprise, nearly two hours had passed.

"We're close?"

"We are here."

A two storey red brick house sat at the end of the driveway, with a green sedan parked on the grass near the front door. Victoria took the gun from her purse, her eyes sweeping the tree line around the house. She followed close to Ivan, but focused on the surrounding landscape until he opened the front door and stepped through.

Rose sat in the middle of the floor, blood on her cheek, sweater and hands. She looked up dully and held her fingers out toward Victoria.

"I've killed him. Are you going to kill me?"

"Not her blood then." Ivan moved past Rose toward a set of double doors that bore a dramatically clear bloody handprint.

"You're not hurt?" Victoria studied her face and eyes. The woman looked numbly shocked, but physically intact. "I did warn you not to see him again."

She left Rose and followed the droplets of blood. Ivan was next to a man's body on the floor of a spacious study.

"Not dead. Shot went through the shoulder, high." Ivan was ripping away the young man's shirt. "Moderate blood loss. Clean her up, take her away. Check his pockets for keys."

Victoria knelt beside him, quickly finding a set of keys. "Amazing luck. Of all the places she could have shot him." She glanced around and saw the gun laying nearby. "His own gun?"

Ivan laughed. "Yes, his own gun. Amazing luck. I will stop bleeding, then bring him back to city for further care."

She understood. They wouldn't be able to transport Kuznetsov immediately.

It took her a few minutes to wash the blood from Rose's hands and face, and a few more to seat her in the green sedan. Victoria drove away from the house without looking in the rear view mirror.

WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 16 

"The doctor sedated her, then left. I slept at her apartment last night, and Herbert dropped a nurse off this morning." Victoria had showered, but was still wearing the clothing that carried faint spots of Kuznetsov's blood.

"We've changed your reservations to Monday, the 21st," Barry Giles said. "Our doctor phoned Miss Smythe's employer and explained that, due to the severity of her infection, she wouldn't be able to finish her period of separation. You will want to phone London now?"

"Yes."

When M's voice answered on the other end of the line, Victoria gritted her teeth and sat up straight. She had never been required to give a summarized phone report directly to him.

"Briefly, Miss Winslow. I understand the young man is still alive?"

"When we left him, yes." Victoria recited the bare bones of the incident. "Barring unexpected complications, he should live."

"Why did she shoot him?"

"It would take a psychologist."

"Miss Winslow."

"Sorry, sir. Miss Smythe told me Kuznetsov promised he would take her to Paris, set her up with a place to live, and visit her when he could. When Smythe confronted him about his married state, and made demands, Kuznetsov said he respected her scruples, and it had been a pleasure knowing her. Smythe was particularly offended by this sentiment. Kuznetsov had, unfortunately, let her know about the gun he was carrying. Miss Smythe decided to end their conversation by using the gun."

There was a short silence from M, then an explosive breath. "Well, at least she won't be mooning around, nursing a sense of aggrieved injustice," M said. "Mr. Giles will need to know the whereabouts of the safe house, and anything Simanov might have said while you were with him. Can you explain why the Russians would care about Miss Smythe's welfare?"

"They didn't care, sir. Simanov implied that Kuznetsov has important family ties, which I believe Mr. Giles has confirmed. They didn't want him associated with any unsavory incident here. Smythe's safe extraction and return was in their best interest."

"So they could use Kuznetsov again in America, in the future? Perhaps. I look forward to reading your full report on this untidy affair, Miss Winslow." M rang off abruptly.

"You'll look at maps with me now, Miss Brown?" Barry Giles was waiting outside the office that contained the secure phone line. "I have tea as well."

He seemed to be a nice man, Victoria thought as she traced the route away from the city for him. His propensity to provide tea was certainly well appreciated. His questions mirrored those M had asked. When they finished he rolled the maps up, and tucked notes into a folder.

"We didn't know about that house. They won't thank Kuznetsov for exposing it. I've arranged for the nurse to stay with Miss Smythe tonight. I'll have Herbert pick you up at the usual time in the morning."

The faintest smell of spice lingered in the air of the apartment. Victoria stripped off her dirty clothing and showered again.

Someone had moved the toiletries on her vanity.

It was only 4 o'clock. Victoria turned the radio on low, and lay on the couch. Would Ivan find out if she had been placed under surveillance? Her things had been disarranged. No one would think it unusual if she searched, and she had nothing else to do.

She spent the next three hours painstakingly conducting an exercise that would have gotten her top marks from her instructors. By the time she finished, Victoria was as sure as she could be that while her belongings had been searched, there were no bugs in the apartment.

7 o'clock.

Victoria stared at the time with a growing impatience alien to her character. Time had never been a problem for her before. She could wait, patiently, for hours without moving, nearly without breathing.

She had learned as a child to put herself into a kind of trance that merely recorded what was going on around her, without reacting to, or interacting with, those events. This talent, first developed to deal with her mother's insane love of spiritualist gatherings that Victoria had been forced to attend with her, and later to deal with her mother's lingering death from cancer, had served her well in the service. Not only had Victoria observed a wide variety of con artists at work, but she could wait with the instinctual, unimaginative patience of a spider who senses the exact moment to strike its prey.

There had been a few lovers in her life. Victoria had never watched the clock for any one of them, or felt their absence once they were gone. Civilians created complications, and it wasn't as though she could explain her job entailed more than steno services. Long-term relationships between agents were viewed as problematic, even when their areas of expertise didn't overlap. A night or two, a few weeks at most would be overlooked, then a female agent might very well find herself reassigned.

She knew her fellow agents thought her cold, but since cold was common, and she was also congenial and nonaggressive in company, she was generally accepted. But never loved. And love was not something Victoria had missed.

But here she was, watching the clock.

Victoria increased the volume on the radio. She poured herself a glass of wine, then sat reading women's magazines at the kitchen table. When the knock on her door came at 9:30, she felt a jolt of exhilaration and relief.

She put her finger to her lips when Ivan stepped inside, and pulled his head close to hers. "Searched," she whispered. "Don't think they left anything."

"I trust your skills." He took her into his arms and simply held her. "I cannot stay. There is continuing problem with Kuznetsov."

"How long ---" Victoria broke off as the phone rang. She picked up the receiver before the third ring. "Hello?"

"Miss Brown? James Bond here."

He was using her cover name, Victoria noted. Unsure of the phone connection, or just naturally cautious. For a moment she wondered why Bond continued to use cover names when he traveled. Surely there was no place left on the globe where the officials and security forces in charge didn't recognize who and what Bond represented. "Commander Bond. You're back in New York?"

"Yes. I'm hoping you will have dinner with me tomorrow. And please, call me James." His voice was smooth, easy and intimate. "I'll pick you up at 9:00 then?"

"Dinner at 9:00? That would be lovely." Victoria watched Ivan as she spoke. He stared back, grave and unrevealing. "Good evening, James."

Ivan gestured toward the couch. He turned the radio up a bit louder, then sat next to her.

Victoria leaned into him, her mouth on his jaw, following the line between beard and cheek. "What is your problem?"

"The woman I love is going to have dinner with the most notorious . . . "

"No." She found herself laughing at the disgust in his voice. "With Kuznetsov."

"Ah. He has criminal connections here and at home which have surfaced. He has helped facilitate the sale of goods and services." Ivan pulled her onto his lap. "He lost a lot of blood. It will be at least a week before we can move him safely. In the interim, I must listen to diatribes and disclaimers and conflicting instructions from both sides of world."

She lay her head on his shoulder. The scent of tobacco and petrol filled her lungs. "My flight home has been changed to Monday."

"I know." His arms tightened. He took one of her hands and pressed it against his lips. "I want you. I must go now."

He hugged her again, briefly, but did not kiss her as he left. Victoria stood with her back against the door, and seriously considered finding and properly shooting Kuznetsov.

THURSDAY, SEPT. 17 

Rose was still in bed, although the nurse said she had received no sedatives since the previous evening.

"Doctor left a prescription. He said not to use it unless she went into hysterics." The nurse left with an air of one who had completed a difficult job.

Victoria found the prescription on the kitchen table. She put it in her purse, next to the gun, then tucked the purse under the couch.

"Time to get up and shower. I'll make tea. We have to pack your bedroom today."

Rose waved a hand, feebly. "Go away. I don't care if you shoot me. My head hurts, and I'm not getting up."

This was not a woman with whom she needed to waste time arguing, Victoria thought, surprised by how much she had come to dislike Rose. She went to the kitchen and found a cleaning bucket under the sink. She filled it with cold water and returned to the bedroom.

"Your survival instincts need to be improved." Victoria emptied the bucket over her head.

Rose heaved herself erect, water streaming over her head and shoulders. "BITCH! You bloody bitch!"

"I could have shot you. Others might. Shower. Get dressed. We have work to do." Victoria left her and returned to the kitchen.

It was a long day. When Victoria left at 6:30, she estimated two-thirds of the closet and bedroom had been sorted and packed.

Herbert gave her a look when she got into the car. "Heard you have a dinner date tonight. Cutting it close, Miss Brown?"

"It doesn't take me much time to get ready." She grinned at his reflection in the rear view mirror. "I know about Commander Bond, Herbert."

"Yes. Well," he said repressively. "Not my place, I'm sure."

"You don't need to fear for my virtue. Just pick me up in the morning, 8:15 as usual."

He flushed a bit, but looked relieved. "Of course, Miss Brown. I hope you have a lovely evening. You haven't had much chance to get out."

"I'm working, Herbert, not on vacation." And dinner with James Bond was just another part of the job, Victoria told herself.

She showered, tucking her damp hair behind her ears so it would dry naturally, with a bit of wave. Her makeup was simple, a little more eyeshadow than she usually wore. Her lipstick would be the most dramatic, a shade to match the dress she had purchased at Macy's.

Victoria unzipped the garment bag and draped the dress on the bed. It was cocktail length, scarlet silk with cap sleeves, slightly scooped neck, and a slit in the rear that opened to mid-back. She had bought it to wear for Ivan. It required a new bra as well, a tight strapless garment that wouldn't show in the back.

The phone rang at 8:59. "Miss Brown, there's a gentleman here to pick you up."

"Thank you, Fred. I'll be right down." Victoria gathered her black lace wrap and purse. The purse was slightly too large for the ensemble, but she had decided the Walther was definitely going to dinner with her.

It turned out to be a pleasant evening.

James Bond was surprisingly good company. Victoria found she quite liked watching him, and the effect he had on the people around him. It was interesting to observe the number of men who were immediately aware, and wary, of him. There was the instinctive response to protect girlfriend, mistress or wife from the predatory male, but there was also a handful other other predators around the watering hole that marked his presence with watchful eyes.

Women seemed to have a kind of echo location for his presence; every female head turned in their direction when they entered the restaurant dining room. Victoria thought she had never been evaluated by as many women in one place at one time.

Over dinner they talked about people they both knew in London, and exchanged politely competitive tales of prowess on the shooting range. He would have queried London about her, and it didn't bother her. She got him talking about his love of fast cars, and caught an unguarded glimpse of the fearless adventurer beneath the smooth character he wore like a well-tailored suit.

Victoria saw the moment, midway through dinner, when he understood how their evening would end.

"I was going to suggest dancing, but perhaps you might like to hear some of New York's live music? What kind of music do you like?" he asked after dinner.

Blues, she thought. "Jazz."

They sat in a dark, smoky club for another two hours, listening to superb music. When Victoria began to yawn uncontrollably, he led her from the club.

"You're tired, and I understand you still have work to do with Miss Smythe tomorrow." He opened the limousine door for her.

"I do. She's been a challenge to work with. Thank you for dinner, and the music. You're not a bad companion, when you're not on the prowl." Victoria laughed at the expression on his face.

"My dear girl." Bond raised his eyebrows, then shrugged. "Perhaps we might get together on one of the ranges, when I'm in London."

"I would enjoy that."

He got out of the limousine when they pulled up in front of the apartment building, and opened her door. He brushed a kiss on each side of her face. "I hope to see you in London, Victoria." He waved at Fred, then stood and waited until she passed through the entry door.

News of the dinner would reach London long before she did, Victoria knew with amusement. The women in the offices would be wild for details. They would be so disappointed.

When she opened the apartment door a white envelope lay squarely in the doorway. Her first thought was Ivan? Her second thought was No. But between those moments she reached for the envelope.

Her third thought, as she found herself brutally pinned to the floor with a knee in her back, a dark cloth bag smelling of garlic and halitosis placed over her head, her wrists hurriedly bound with some kind of tape, was All that bloody training, and at the end of the day I act like a bleating civilian.

Someone picked her up and threw her over his shoulder with a grunt. There were stairs instead of lifts, and the echoing quality of an underground space. She was dumped onto a car seat.

Victoria took shallow breaths and listened. There were two men in the car with her. American, New Yorkers from the brief words that passed between them. It made her feel immensely better to know it wasn't the Russians. But why? Victoria lay quietly, minutely working her hands against the tape. She wondered if they had picked up her purse.

It wasn't a long ride, perhaps half an hour. She was once again treated like a sack of potatoes, then placed, ungently on a hard seat. She felt the heat and saw the light even before the hood was removed.

When the darkness of the hood lifted and the spotlight hit her full on, she could see an oil stained concrete floor, but little more of her surroundings. A tall figure moved quickly away from her toward the light. Victoria kept her eyes half lidded, focused downward to keep herself from being blinded.

Her dress had been ripped up one side, leaving her leg exposed to the hip. Victoria stared at shreds of her new pantyhose. They had left her legs free. It was amateur night at the O.K. Corral she thought, bitterly including herself in the cast.

"Where is Aleksei?" A man's voice behind the light, American with another trace of accent. Italian? "Where have they moved Aleksei?"

"I have no idea. Ask the Russians." Victoria let her eyes brush the edges of the impenetrable brilliance. Three of them? She could make out the silhouette of a low table or bench. "I'm here to take the woman home, nothing more."

"She says she shot him."

Rose. They had spoken with Rose.

Victoria straightened her shoulders, bringing her head up a little more. "If you've spoken with the woman, you know we left Aleksei with the Russians after she shot him."

"Simanov was at your apartment building last night, for approximately fifteen minutes. Why was he there?"

Eventually, you were always caught out. "It wasn't business. He's my lover."

"She's lying." The voice was quick, low, with a Russian accent. "They do not use Simanov for such entrapments. And Simanov would never work for the English, so she must be a double agent."

"You must admit, fifteen minutes hardly seems long enough to devote to a lovely thing like you," the American said. "You need to understand, Miss Brown. I'm a businessman. Alexsei Kuznetsov is my property. I want him back. You say you don't know where he is. We can continue this discussion with the addition of physically painful punctuation to the questions, or I can send Simanov a message we have you, and suggest a trade. That might be interesting. An MI6 double agent, possibly his lover, in exchange for a Russian criminal. Or even better, both options simultaneously."

There was a moment of low, indistinct conversation from behind the light.

Victoria rolled her eyes. Her hands had loosened further in the tape, she thought one good wrench might release them. If they were going to start hurting her someone would have to get closer. Probably the Russian. The Americans hadn't planned to kill her, since they didn't want her to be able to identify them later. But that could change.

It was the Russian. He was short, stout and well dressed, a man who would look and move naturally in business circles. He studied her. "You have beautiful legs." He reached into his pocket, found a cigarette and lighter.

He was wearing a shoulder holster, and for a moment she could see the butt of the gun. Victoria deliberately relaxed her muscles. He would bend over her . . .

"This will leave a very small scar." He drew on the cigarette until it glowed red. "Have you ever been burned? The pain is usually disproportionate to the size of the injury, and the smell . . . " he shook his head in mock sorrow. "Unpleasant, to smell your own flesh cooking. I will begin on your thigh."

"I can't tell you what I don't know," she said crossly. "Although I'm sure it's pointless, I can tell you if you don't immediately let me go and return me to my apartment, you will all die."

Holding the cigarette between his teeth, he put one of his feet down, hard, on her foot and clamped his hand on her knee. He ripped the dress further as he exposed her thigh. "No kicking, Miss Brown. You English. Always unintentionally so humorous."

Victoria forced herself to watch his hand as the shock of pain momentarily overloaded her nerves and made her leg try to jerk away from his grasp. He was right. The pain did seem disproportionate.

"I found it difficult to believe you were MI6, but you have very good control of yourself. Not a screamer? There are places on your body with even more sensitive skin, hidden places only a lover might ever see." He brought the cigarette down again, next to the first burn.

There was a clatter of noise from behind the light.

"Shto?" The man straightened, shading his eyes with his hand. He tossed the cigarette to the floor and put his hand inside his jacket.

"Well. Finally." Victoria wrenched her hands against the tape. She heard a combination whistle thud of sound as she kicked back in the chair and rolled free. She did not escape the warm spatter of various fluids.

Ivan stepped past the spotlight. For a moment, Victoria wondered if it was just someone who looked amazingly like Ivan, but he offered his hand and pulled her from the floor.

"A pity about the dress," he said. He was wearing gloves. The Beretta had a silencer, Victoria saw as he put an additional bullet into the dead man near her feet.

"Did you touch anything?" Another body lay across the table on the other side of the spotlight. Ivan left the Beretta on the table near the body.
"No. Except the tape."

"Get it." He handed her a scrap of rag. "And move the chair against the wall."

Victoria moved the chair, keeping the rag between her fingers and the wood. She balled up the crumpled loops of tape and wrapped the rag around the tape.

"Give it to me. I will burn it." Ivan was removing his coverall. "Put this on."

"My purse. Did they bring my purse?" She stepped into the coverall, still warm from his body. "I would very much like to have my gun."

He laughed, his face relaxing a bit. "Da. Over there." He pointed at a toolbench. "We go now."

"There is a third man. I believe they were sending him to you, with a message." Victoria followed him through the dimly lighted garage, past racks of auto parts and boxes. He had a different gun now, without a silencer.

"I intercepted their message." Ivan stepped over the body near the exit door.

It was chilly outside, and dark. Ivan led her to a motorbike parked deep in shadow. Victoria wrapped her arms around him and rested her cheek against his back. It was chilly, especially when moving at high speeds through open air. At the rear of her apartment building he pulled the motorbike between two large dustbins. Reaching behind one bin he produced a battered length of oilcloth, which went over the motorbike.

"So this is how you visit me." Victoria opened her purse. They had dropped both her key and the bit of paper bait inside. "I can take it from here, if you need to go."

Ivan looked up from picking the lock on the single-door service entrance. "You need to be debriefed," he said, eyes crinkling at the corners. "I cannot tell you how long I have waited to use that phrase with you. I have been reading something the Americans call Mad Magazine. American humor is troubling, but interesting."

"I suspect the same could be said for English and Russian humor." Victoria followed him quickly, silently up the stairway. The building was quiet around them, and they made it through her front door without sight or sound of another person.

Ivan took her into his arms and leaned back against the door. "I saw one of them last night, as I left. I followed him after he finished following me. The man who hurt you was criminal, of past interest to my people. The others, American criminals."

"The one in charge said Kuznetsov was his property. Missing money or goods between them?"

"Probably. Aleksei has fever, infection. We have not thoroughly explored his misdeeds with him." He brushed something from her cheek. "I should probably take your dress as well, to burn. You looked very beautiful tonight."

"I let them take me. I was stupid, inept. I was distracted." Victoria tried to step away from him. "They knew you had been here. They thought I was a double agent. I told them you were my lover, they didn't believe me."

"They were the stupid ones. But I understand." He kissed her, a soft undemanding touch. "You have given me these nights, and now there are only four left. And I must waste yet another cleaning up after Kuznetsov. I should have let you shoot him, milaya."

"I can't tell my people about what happened tonight."

"No. The Americans will believe it is a criminal matter, and not investigate deeply. Now, give me the coverall, and your dress, and I must go."

Victoria stepped back from him and unzipped the coverall. She kicked off her shoes, which were much the worse for the evening, and stepped out of the garment. He took it from her, watching as she pulled the dress over her head.

"Your leg is bruised. Your thigh . . ." Only the smallest ring of blue remained around the pupils of his eyes as he looked at her body. "I would like to kill him again."

"Bruises fade. Burns will heal." Victoria pushed a strand of stiff hair away from her face and grimaced. "Blood and brains wash down the drain."

Ivan took the dress from her hand and dropped it on the coverall. He kissed her until she had to pull back to breathe.

"I have already used every bit of discipline and willpower I possess, tonight," she said, curling her fingers around the waistband of his trousers. "You have two choices . . ."

She saw the memory of Paris fill his eyes.

"Tomorrow." He detached her hand gently and bent to pick up the clothing. "I thought I would envy Commander Bond his evening with you, but he has never been in your bed. I am the one to be envied."

Victoria stared at the door for several minutes after he left. When she finally stood in front of the mirror in the bedroom, she began to smile, then to laugh. Her hair was wild, spiked and colored brownish red in places. Her eyes were ringed with smudged make up, but Victoria was pleased to note the lipstick had been very good quality and had weathered both abduction and kisses unscathed. Her bra had slipped, pushing her breasts mostly out of the cups. One nipple seemed to wink at her. Her tights hung in ladders and holes, and the burns glared from her thigh like brands.

Taken in total, Victoria rather thought she looked like a fugitive from a late night cabaret raid.

As she stood under the shower, Victoria recalled her conversation with James Bond when they first met in the embassy. What had he said? New York has nearly everything. She wondered if he had any idea how right he was.

Upon further reflection, as she put salve on her leg, Victoria decided he probably did.

FRIDAY, SEPT. 18 

Rose had completely transformed overnight.

Packed boxes waited in the living room.

"There's tea, if you'd like." Rose was dressed, pale, but businesslike. "There's still a bit in the bedroom and studio. I called Mr. Giles this morning, and he's sending a few more boxes. I'd like to finish this afternoon. They will let me stay at the embassy until the flight leaves."

"I applaud your industry." Victoria narrowed her eyes and saw the movement of discomfort Rose made. "Did something happen yesterday, after I left?"

"Two American policemen." Rose's eyes refused to make contact. "They asked me questions about Alex."

"What did you tell them?"

"That I shot him," Rose said in a rush. "But he was still alive. They said I wouldn't have to go to jail, as long as they could find him. Do you know where he is?"

"Do you suppose you'd still be here if they intended to put you in jail?"

"It's America," Rose wailed. "They shoot people here all the time, and never go to jail."

"Calm down. You were very smart to call Mr. Giles. The embassy can help you with any other American policemen who come calling."

They finished the last of the packing before 3 o'clock. Herbert was waiting for them when they came down with a few pieces of Rose's luggage. It was a silent drive to the consulate, Herbert frequently checking them in the mirror. Rose didn't speak, and seemed uncomfortable sitting near Victoria.

When Rose saw Barry Giles, she burst into tears. "Don't let them take me to jail!"

Victoria backed from the room, and returned outside to wait with Herbert. The afternoon was cloudy, but pleasant, and Herbert was leaning against the building smoking a pipe.

"Not your usual thing, Miss Brown? Although you've got a lot of patience." He blew smoke into the air and watched it dissipate.

"Not at all my usual thing," Victoria said with conviction.

"She's safety stowed now, would you like to drive around a bit this evening?"

"I'd love to say yes, but I have a slight headache. Tomorrow afternoon I would like to visit a bookstore, and I'm going to need another suitcase for the flight out."

Her discussion with Barry Giles was short. He was already visibly stressed by Rose. The embassy was following up on Rose's "police" interview, but he doubted the legitimacy of the questioning. He assured her Herbert would be available for both Saturday and Sunday. The flight would be leaving at 11 o'clock on Monday, so it might be wise to plan for an 8 o'clock pickup at the apartment. Victoria kept saying thank you, of course until he was called away.

The first thing Victoria did when she got to the apartment was to exchange her trousers for a pair of palazzo pants, one of her Macy's purchases. Her leg had burned and itched during the day. The silky, loose fabric of the lounge wear was an immediate improvement. She made scrambled eggs and toast, and ate sitting in the late afternoon sunshine on the couch. She considered attempting to make the tort, but decided it would be imprudent to produce a Russian dessert after recent events. The custard, though. All those eggs didn't need to go to waste.

Cooking kept her calm, grounded, and filled the time. Victoria tested the custard, and was pleased by the taste and texture. She baked a pan of shortbread. She read magazines, then went back to the couch in the last light of the afternoon.

She would miss the little apartment, Victoria thought, realizing she had only thought of her own flat at home once or twice. But then, she never missed home when she was working. Thinking it over, it occurred to her that she had never missed a place or person in her entire life. It was an unwelcome moment of self-revelation.

Burying her mother had been a relief. Her father had never needed her, and was well cared for and happy. She had acquaintances, but no close friends. Victoria knew if she had been a different kind of woman, she would never have been recruited to do the job she did. She was a fundamentally content person who lived her life balanced between the poles of despair and joy, never moving far toward either pole. She had unique, useful skills, and that had always been enough for her.

The light was not completely gone from the sky when he knocked on her door.

"It's too early," she said. "You take too many risks."

"Do i smell custard?" He set his duffel bag by the door.

"It's still setting up. Did you bring vodka? I've missed drinking vodka with you."

He rummaged in the bag, produced a bottle. Victoria took two glasses and her last orange into the living room.

"How is your leg?" he poured vodka into their glasses.

"Annoying." Clean and powerful, the vodka left a trail of warmth to her stomach, then spread to her arms and legs. "We finished packing today. Apparently two policemen questioned her last night, and scared her even more than her own actions did."

"Will you come to bed with me?"

"Yes." Victoria approved the abrupt change of focus.

They undressed side by side. Ivan's face tightened when he saw the bruises that marked her leg from mid-calf to thigh.

"I don't wish to disturb these burns," he said, touching the bruise adjacent to the marks. "You will be on top."

That suited Victoria. She guided him into place with one hand, then watched his face as she finished the movement, ending when he was fully inside her and their bodies touched. His hands skimmed the plane of her stomach, then curved over her hips.

There were no words between them as she moved. He touched her constantly, her breasts, the column of her throat when she bent her head over his to steal a kiss, the muscles along her sides. Victoria felt the pressure build in her belly and tried to slow her movements, but he moved under her, holding her hips and pushing against her. It was too sweet to bring to an end, even such an end as her body promised.

"Let go, milaya." He brushed his thumb over one nipple. "Let go."

She let go.

Victoria managed to keep her eyes mostly open, managed to watch as his eyes went wide and lost focus. The clenching release of her orgasm, usually a moment for interior withdrawal, seemed to bring her pleasure, her body, his body, his face, the entire room into almost painful clarity.

"Oh. Ivan." She stared down into his blue eyes as he came back from his own moment of revelation. "This is the last night for us."

Ivan eased her off his body and left the bed. When he returned he had the vodka and the orange. "This bed needs more pillows." He made a pile of pillows next to the nightstand, poured vodka, dug his fingers into the orange and removed the peel. Once settled back on the bed he pulled her against his side and handed her a glass and piece of orange.

"They have arranged for a special plane. I did not have choice of failing to report last night's incident. I said nothing of your involvement, but said they were following me and tried to find out where Kuznetsov was being kept. So now Kuznetsov is full of penicillin, under care of doctor, and I am required to remove him from America tomorrow." He ate a piece of orange. "And also remove myself. Three killings in one night, two of them American, was not appreciated at home."

"How much trouble are you in?"

"Not so much. Americans have said nothing."

They finished the orange between them.

"We have custard and shortbread," Victoria said. "We have time to make love in the shower."

"Tell me you love me."

"I made custard for you." Victoria's chest felt unbearably tight. "You are greedy. It can't matter, it won't mean anything."

"Tell me."

"Ivan Simanov. I love you." The words brought an unexpected peace. The tension in her body disappeared.

"I know."

It was 5 o'clock before he made it to the front door, hair still damp from the shower. He held her, unwilling to let go.

"Ya teybya lyublyu. My Victoria. I will see you again."

She couldn't say anything, couldn't protest, couldn't agree. It was so much worse than Paris.

"Goodbye, Ivan."

MONDAY, SEPT. 21 

To Rose's obvious relief they weren't seated next to each other. The plane was far from crowded, and Victoria found herself without a seat mate. As America fell away behind them, Victoria made herself comfortable, trying to ease the fabric of her skirt away from her burned leg. Her white cotton shirt, unfashionably long dark skirt and cotton ankle socks had drawn a look of pity from Rose, but the idea of a lengthy trip in trousers had been unthinkable.

Saturday and Sunday had passed quickly. Victoria slept in, watched American morning cartoons and found herself absurdly amused by the adventures of a Moose and Squirrel. An afternoon at Scribner's, more shopping at Macy's, then a drive with Herbert pointing out New York landmarks and sights consumed much of the time. A thorough cleaning of the apartment, and disposal of the kitchen supplies had filled the evenings. Victoria picked up her own copy of the Vonnegut novel, and had nearly finished reading it. It wasn't a long book, but it was an extremely uncomfortable book. She found she was glad they had never continued reading it together.

Under the fantastic tale of moving back and forward through time, and being taken by alien beings for an exhibit in an alien zoo, Victoria thought she perceived the raw, unhappy bewilderment of a man who didn't understand why his own species could do the things they did, make the choices they made.

The world was changing around her. There was no way to predict what her life would look like one, two, five years in the future. Would wars keep coming like glaciers? At least that was a promise of job security, Victoria thought cynically. She had to believe there were good reasons for what her government asked her to do. Would she grow to be an old woman sighting down her gun barrel, returning to an empty flat when each mission was complete? Or would she eventually walk away, find a different life.

Everybody has to do exactly what he does the character in the book said.

At least she hadn't had to kill him, Victoria thought numbly. She rummaged in her purse and found the Vonnegut book. She opened it to the beginning, to words Ivan had read aloud, a few lines of poetry attributed to Theodore Roethke. Victoria looked at the words, and heard Ivan's voice.

I feel my fate in what I cannot fear,
I learn by going where I have to go. 

If she ever saw him again, she was sure one of them would die. But sitting in a jet plane, headed back toward England, with the memory of his body, his mouth against her skin fresh in memory, Victoria knew both of them would continue going where they had to go.

Some afternoon, across a crowded foreign railway station, she would see him smoking and reading a newspaper. She would walk to him and ask, Will you come to bed with me?

He would smile, the corners of his blue eyes crinkling, and say Yes.