It had been about a week since Wesley had been to his quarters. He figured Beverly was keeping Wesley pretty confined to his own quarters to make sure he recovered from the knife wounds.

He had no idea how Wesley had managed to get out that first night, but it seemed that Beverly must have caught him. He wondered what Wesley was telling his mother.

He was relaxing in his quarters after a long day on shift. He hoped Wesley would show up later. He was lost in thoughts of the two of them when the chime sounded.

“Come in.”

He kept his expression neutral, just barely, but his insides were twisting and knotting. Why was Beverly Crusher in his quarters?

“Will, can I talk to you about Wesley?”

“Is there a problem?”

“Well, he’s been sneaking out at night. Not every night, but probably more often than I’ve seen, and it’s been pretty steady for a few months now. I think maybe he has a girlfriend.”

“So, what do you need me for?”

“He doesn’t talk to me. I was hoping you could talk to him for me. I know he might not tell you who he’s seeing, and even if he did, I know you wouldn’t tell me, but if you could just talk to him, make sure he’s at least being safe, and maybe let him know that you’re there if he needs to talk.”

She was looking at him with pleading eyes. The same look that Wesley would give him that he was never able to resist. He could resist them on her though, but this was kind of too perfect.

“Isn’t Wesley a bit old for the sex talk?”

“We’ve talked. It’s just…he could really use a father right now,”

“Ah.”

“I’m sorry to ask, Will. It’s just that he seems so close to you. I thought it would be easier.”

“Beverly, Wesley’s a good kid. He’s got a good head on his shoulders. I’m sure you have nothing to worry about.”

“I know, but I’d really appreciate it if you could keep an eye on him.”

“Of course I will.”

“Thanks Will.”

The moment she was out of his quarters, Will let out a huge sigh of relief, followed by laughter. She wanted Will to keep an eye on her son. If only she knew.

********

Will was sitting on his couch catching up on some reading when Wesley walked in.

“Will! What are you still doing up?” Will patted the space on the sofa beside him.

“Come on and join me on the couch.” Instead of sitting next to him though, Wesley straddled his lap, his hands resting lightly on Will’s shoulders.

“Wesley,” he gently chided. Wesley just smiled and kissed him.

“I missed you.” Will put his arms around Wesley and pulled him in a little closer.

“I missed you too.”

“So, what are you still doing up?”

“I had a visit from your mother earlier.” Wesley’s eyes went wide, but he said nothing.

“She’s noticed that you’ve been sneaking out. She thinks you have a girlfriend.” Wesley snorted at that.

“That’s probably not a bad thing.” Will slid a hand up Wesley’s shirt, gently rubbing along his back, as Wesley shifted his hands to the back of Will’s neck. Wesley leaned in for another quick kiss.

“Yeah, it probably is a good thing, but she also wanted me to make sure you were being safe, and to let you know that you could come to me if you needed to talk.” Will finished that sentence with a smile, knowing how ridiculous it was because of their situation. Wesley outright laughed.

“You know Wes, if your mother knew just how far you’ve gone, I don’t think she’d be all that worried.” Wesley pulled back from him.

“Do you have a problem with the way things are going?”

“What? Baby no, that’s not what I meant.” Wesley started to get off of his lap, but Will pulled him back in close.

“Hey, Wes, I’m very happy with the way things are going.”

“Sure you are.”

“Wes, what is this really about?” Wesley finally looked at him again.

“It’s just…well, it’s….” Wesley sighed and looked away again.

“Wes, does this have anything to do with the age difference?” Wesley nodded. Great, the kid was feeling insecure because he was so much younger and inexperienced, and Will had to make some stupid comment that made things worse.

Will got up off the couch, lifting Wesley with him, and headed to the bed. He laid Wesley down on the bed, and then lay down on top of him.

“I need you to listen to me, Wes,” he said in between kisses to Wesley’s forehead. “I don’t know what this is,” a kiss to the nose, “I don’t know what’s going to happen with us,” kisses to each of his eyelids, “but what I do know is that I want to stick around to see where this does go.”

He pulled back from Wesley then to look him in the eyes.

“You got that?” Wesley smiled up at him with unshed tears in his eyes. Jesus. Sometimes he forgot how young Wesley was. It was so easy to do that when they were together.

He kissed Wesley, sweetly at first, but lust overtook Wesley and the kisses became frantic. When Will felt Wesley’s hands slide up his shirt, he pulled back to rid himself of it and his pants as well. When he’d divested Wesley of his clothes, he pressed their bodies together and started a slow rocking motion. He leaned down to kiss Wesley again, but Wesley spoke up.

“Will, wait. Give me your hand.” He looked at Wesley, confused, but stopped his movements and gave Wesley his hand. Wesley placed Will’s hand on his chest, covering it with his own. His other hand went to the back of Will’s neck, and pulled him down for a kiss.

Wesley slowly moved their hands downward, and Will groaned into the kid’s mouth when Wesley pushed his hand down under his briefs. Will gripped the hard, hot flesh, and Wesley bucked into his hand. He stroked slowly and gently, mindful of the lube they weren’t using. He broke off the kiss so that he could watch Wesley, his head thrown back, eyes closed, lips parted from the groaning and the panting.

To date, Wesley hadn’t been very vocal in bed. He stuck to groans, pants and sighs. So, he surprised Will when he opened his eyes to look at him.

“Will.” His name came out on a groan. He’d kept up a steady rubbing against Wesley, wanting tonight to just be about the kid, and hearing his name like that coming from Wesley’s lips completely undid him.

“Yes, Wesley, yes!” Wesley was right behind him, silent again. He really needed to figure out a way to make him more vocal. He collapsed on the bed next to Wesley and waited for his breathing to return to normal.

“So, are we okay?” Wesley’s only answer was to wrap himself around Will and promptly fall asleep. Will chuckled. Yeah, they were just fine.