The Pool Table Tease
by odidog ©

It is a Wednesday night and you are still with your husband. It has been 
preplanned by us that you would convince him to go play pool tonight. The 
difference is that tonight I am going to be in a costume watching you, and 
you are not going to have fun with your husband but you are going to tease 
me all night long. I am dressed up like a mechanic wearing the jumpsuit, a 
hat and a wig so as nobody would be able to recognize me especially your 
husband. You decide to wear a shirt that comes down to you waist and falls 
forward when you lean over to take your shot, giving me a chance to get a 
nice view down your shirt. The other fun thing that you decided to wear is 
your short blue jean skirt. What gives me a big smile is that your husband 
thinks you are wearing this outfit for him but the only thing on your mind 
is how bad can you tease me. 

I make sure that I am at the pre-planned location first, getting myself 
setup at a table that will give me the opportunity to watch you. We also 
decided to do it on this night because we also knew that there would not 
be hardly anybody there so it would not cause a problem. From the moment 
you walk into the door, my heart is racing, just seeing you makes me so 
excited. You were not sure exactly what I am going to be wearing so you 
think you know who I am but you can not be sure right away. There is only 
about 3 people in the place that you have to decide from so it will only 
be a matter of time that you will know who I am. When you walk in I can't 
take my eyes off of you, you look so sexy, from head to toe. The shirt 
hold tight against your breasts and with that skirt you just melt my 
heart. I watch as you walk by me within 3 feet, all I do is smile and not 
my head. The thing that I have made sure of is that I can get a good view 
of your games you will be playing but not be too obvious. 

At first you sit down with your husband and grab a quick drink before you 
start playing your games of pool. I notice that you are looking around 
trying not to be too suspicious to your husband. I notice that you look at 
me and then look at the other two people that I could be. I don't respond 
to your looks, trying to make you wonder just a little bit, I can tell by 
the look on your face that you believe you know who I am and that the fun 
is about to begin. You tell your husband to go and get the table set up as 
you are going to the bathroom first. To go to the bathroom you have to 
walk by me, I don't say a word or even look at you as I brought some 
papers to fiddle with so it makes it look like I am not here just to stare 
at you. On your way back from the bathroom, right after you pass me I 
reach up and quickly slide my hand up under your skirt and brush your ass 
so you know for sure who I am. I notice that when you get back to your 
husband you are now showing an ear to ear grin and he wonders what brought 
it on. The thing he doesn't know is that you are completely confident in 
who I am and the game is going to begin and I don't mean the pool game.

The game starts and at first you are not sure about doing this because you 
are afraid that there might be others that see you and you are a little 
shy. I take advantage of the text messaging and let you know just how hot 
and sexy you look, how turned on you are making me. I start to notice that 
you start to get more comfortable and now you are going to have fun with 
me. The first time that you have fun teasing me is when you are actually 
facing me. You make sure that you bend over and take your time giving me a 
nice long view down your shirt. The next shot you have is on the same side 
of the table that I am and this excites me more as you are now getting 
into the teasing and you make sure you bend over nice and slow as your 
skirt rides up just showing me the lower part of your ass. My heart starts 
to race and I send you a message letting you know just how excited I am. 
Now a couple of people have left and there is only about 5 people in the 
whole place 2 people playing at another table, you and your husband and 
myself. You know now that any teasing you do is all going to be seen by me 
and me only. Your next shot once again means you have to face away from me 
and this time knowing that only I can see you, you start to have more fun. 
You are leaning over the table and now you start to shift your weight from 
one leg to the next making your ass move back and forth. I want to just 
rush up to you and pull your g-string down and take you right there in 
front of everybody. 

The teasing goes on for about 40 minutes and with each message you get 
from me letting you know just how excited I am getting, your teasing gets 
a little more intense. You have even began to tease when your husband was 
taking his turn. You would have your back to me but when he is focused on 
his shot, you would lift up the back of your shirt showing me your ass. 
You even turn around and flash the front side showing, with which I 
respond in a message to you that it is too bad your g-sting is in the way. 
Your husband decides to go to the bathroom and you take the time he is 
gone to really work me over. You lean back against the pool table and lift 
your skirt and playfully run your thumb under the band of your g-string 
like you were going to pull them down. I can't take it anymore I have to 
have you I need you. You see your husband come back from the bathroom and 
decide it is your turn to do the same. I am almost glad to see you go away 
for a second because I don't know just how much more I can handle. Then my 
phone goes off with a message and my heart drops, all it says is I hope 
you are enjoying the show but it is only going to get better. My heart 
starts to race as I can't even imagine what else you have in your mind to 
do. Well as you come out of the bathroom I find out. You walk past me and 
when you do you toss something past me. I was busy watching you and your 
face that I didn't pay that much attention to what it was but after you go 
by I figure out what it was. 

My heart is now stopped and my dick is hard as can be as I find out what 
you tossed to me, was it a note, was it just a towel, no it was the 
g-string you have been wearing all night. Oww how I want you so bad, you 
look back at me and just have a major smile on your face, knowing the 
effects you have had on me. It is once again your husbands shot and you 
decide to push the tease just a little bit further, you have your back to 
me and you lean your elbows on the side of the pool table bending over at 
a 45 degree angle. This sticks your ass out towards me and to make it wore 
when you know your husband is not looking you pull your skirt up knowing 
that I am the only one that can see you. The biggest part of the tease is 
now because of you position and the fact you took off your g-string this 
gives me a view of your pussy. Oh I can't take it any more, I send you a 
message and tell you that if you don't stop I will have to have you right 
here and now. You look back over your shoulder as your wiggle your ass 
basically telling me to come and get it. 

Suddenly the night takes a turn for the worst or so you think. Apparently 
while you were in the bathroom your hubby's friend mike called and found 
out where you two were and he wanted to stop by and talk to your husband 
for a minute. I notice you mood drop when you look him in the face as he 
walks in. You immediately start to worry about me and if your husband has 
caught on or not. I send you a message that tells you not to worry and as 
your husband and Mike start talking I let you know that I will call it a 
night and head out the door. What you didn't know is that I was confident 
that your husband had no idea of what was going on between you and me. You 
start to listen to the conversation that they are having and soon become 
confident also. You tell them to go ahead and play a game of pool as you 
wanted to go and get a breath of fresh air. Little did they know that your 
intention was to actually see if you could catch me before I left to give 
me a kiss. In the time that I have walked out I have gotten rid of the 
jumpsuit and pulled my car up as close to the corner of the building that 
I could. 

You walk outside the door and to your surprise I am standing just off to 
the side of the door so I can't be seen. I quickly motion for you to come 
my way and as soon as you are out of sight of the windows, I grab your 
hand and pull you very quickly towards me and the van. Without saying a 
word, I kiss you passionately and slide open the middle door of the van. 
You start to wonder what I am up to but I am not asking you to climb in I 
want you right there and right now. After a couple of deep kisses and my 
hands running all over your body, I turn you around but instead of helping 
you in the van I bend you over. I push you down so your chest is laying 
across the seat and I am standing behind you. I quickly undo my zipper in 
my jeans and pull out my dick, I am extremely hard, and more turned on 
then I have been in a long time. I come up behind you and lift your skirt 
up not that it is really in the way but I lift it up anyway, you know what 
is coming next, and sure enough, here it comes. I grab a hold of your hips 
and slowly slide my hard dick inside of you. 

You are so wet and so turned on, both of us don't care about the world 
around us. Once I am inside of you I am pumping into you as hard and as 
fast as I can. My dick is sliding in and out of you, fast and hard, I am 
fucking you so hard that every time I push deep into you the whole vans 
shakes. You start to feel the pressure of my dick sliding into you and you 
start to moan. I reach my hands down and grab a hold of your shoulders so 
every time that I push my dick deep into you, I also pull your body back. 
It does not take long at all and you are moaning and hitting orgasms after 
orgasm. I go back to holding onto your hips and work hard at pumping deep 
into you, I am fucking you hard and fast. Pushing my dick deep into you, I 
cant take anymore and as I tilt my head back I explode into you with an 
overpowering orgasm. I slide my dick out of you and tuck it back into my 
pants, you turn around and we embrace in a passionate kiss and hug. I hand 
you back your g-string as you head back inside to finish your night and I 
jump into my van and head home. 

 
