The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access,
noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 13

Home Again

After stopping at the tattoo parlor where I had a gold ring inserted through Lisa's clit
hood,  Andy, Lisa and I drove in the Bronco from the Denver airport to the ranch north of
Glenwood Springs which I had inherited from Uncle Bert. It was a cold, clear, crisp
Colorado day, with the sun bright in the sky with we arrived about three in the afternoon.  

Andy and I were glad to be home.  We had been gone a month, training in New York with
Mistress Diana, the Amazon dominatrix, and in San Francisco with Delilah, America's
leading madame.  When we stopped in LA to see my parents, we had added Lisa, my
formerly bitchy girlfriend but now our slave, as a member of our little community.  I
should point out that Lisa was submissive and willingly agreed to be my slave.  Mary,
Andy and the 3,000 others had been programmed by Uncle Bert using a secret mind
control drug to be slaves.  We did not call them slaves, however. We called the
programmed women kittens. 

Mary came running out of the door when I pulled up in front and blared the truck horn. It
was bedlam as we all greeted each other.   Mary, Andy's mother, Bert's mistress and my
kitten, had been holding down the fort while we were gone.  I had arranged for Mary to
have everything ready to go to Aspen. She had already taken a load of necessaries
down, purchased groceries and opened the house for our arrival. The four of us loaded
what we needed to take in the Bronco, locked the ranch house and headed back on the
road. 

The conversation as we traveled was mostly about what had happened in Colorado in
our absence (nothing worth relating except Mary found a few women for me) and what
adventures Andy and I had while we were gone. You have already read those but Lisa
and Mary had not heard them so we regaled them with our adventures. Of course, I did
not tell them everything, like the Christmas present I gave my father.  I thought about him
and wondered how he was doing now that his darling wife (my mother) was programmed
to make him the best fucked man in LA. 

I was eager to explore what Mary knew about the programming but I did not bring it up in
front of Lisa. Since she was not programmed, I wanted her to know nothing about it. 

I thought about what I needed to do next.

Uncle Bert had left me a three-part assignment to complete before I was to receive the
next clue in my treasure hunt to recreate the formula of his mind control drug discovery.  I
had done all my required reading, which was part one.  Andy and I had spent two weeks
learning B&D with Mistress Diana in New York and two weeks honing our regular sex
skills with Madame Delilah in San Francisco which was part two of the assignment. 

I had not yet completed the third part of the assignment.  I had to seduce ten women in
both  Aspen and Vail, take them three ways and then either get them into B&D or video
them.  I hoped it would be easy to find, fuck and photograph twenty women, ten in Aspen
and ten in Vail. Not that I minded the assignment, but I was more eager to get the formula
for the drug and learn how the women I already had were programmed. 

We parked the vehicle in the garage of the Aspen house and started unloading.  Mary
had made some homemade lasagna and left it in the freezer when she opened the house
earlier in the week.  I left Andy in charge of dinner with Lisa as her assistant.  They
started making the salad and heating the lasagna. They put the garlic bread in the oven
and opened the Chianti.  I asked to speak to Mary alone.

Mary threw herself in my arms.  Mary is an older version of Andy and every bit as
enjoyable, the Rolls to Andy's Porsche. I pulled her into me with my ass on her hard, lush
ass. She ground her pelvis against my hardening cock as we kissed hungrily.

"I have missed you," I said.

"Not like I have missed you. I hope you are as horny as I am.  I need to be fucked long
and hard."

"Tonight. But, first, we need to talk about Lisa and her training.  Andy is too sweet.  Lisa
will need a harder hand."

Mary's eyes were bright, floodlights of desire, as a devilish grin broke across her face. 

"Let me do it."

"I thought you were submissive."

"I am both.  I want to be submissive to you but I would love to dominate Lisa.  I can train
her just like you want her, Davy."

"Okay.  She is yours. Tell me, how did you like Mistress Diana?"

"Migod, I would love to make that bitch goddess my sub. Think of it. As dominant as she
is . . .  to break her.  Oh, Davy . . .  Bert would never let me do it.  He let Diana do
whatever she wanted with me and she did plenty. I loved it, but pay backs are fun.  To
get even, to break her, oh, Davy, please."

"No need to ask.  As soon as things have settled down a little, I will have Diana visit us
here."

"No. In Vail.  That is where our dungeon is.  I want her in a dungeon."

The thought of breaking Diana had us both so hot, we could not stand it. I yanked down
her ski pants, pushed her on her knees and fucked her doggy style there in the living
room. I let myself come naturally as she orgasmed again and again on my cock.  After I
shot in her, I realized Andy and Lisa were watching us.  Andy had a sly, knowing smile.
Lisa looked dazed.

It was a lovely, family dinner, just like your family, I am sure.  There was me, head of the
household, sitting at the head of the table, enjoying a wonderful, home-cooked meal and
some fabulous female companionship.  There was Mary, sitting at my right, looking
relaxed and well fucked. She was wearing a powder blue ski skin, tight over her luscious
body.  There was Andy, sitting at my left, looking sweet and loving.  She was wearing a
midnight blue ski skin, tight over her luscious body.  There was Lisa, naked and collared,
kneeling by my side, waiting for any instruction, serving as our waitress.  Isn't that your
typical family dinner?

I told Lisa to clean up while Mary, Andy and I went into the living room.  I took my big
easy chair and had the two of them kneel at my feet. 

"Tell me about your programming Andy," I asked in a neutral, conversational tone. 

"What are you talking about?" she replied innocently.

Good. She knew nothing about her programming, as I believed. Mary was waiting with
bated breath.

"Why do you always have sex with the other women I am with? Do you enjoy it?"

"Oh, Davy.  I enjoy everything sexual with you.  Just tell me what you want or don't want. 
If you tell me to fuck every man I meet from eight to eighty, I will do it happily. If you tell
me to enter a convent, I will do it happily.  I enjoy what you want me to enjoy. I am happy
obeying your wishes."  She straightened to hold my face in her hands, so soft and warm,
as she kissed me gently and lovingly.

"That makes me very happy, Andy. Then, you understand. No sex with any male ever,
unless I tell you differently. No sex with any female unless you are with me."   

"Of course, sweetheart," she said as she kissed me again.  

I wanted to make sure Andy understood the rules I wanted for her.  With a prize that
special, a man cannot be too careful.  She may have been programmed not to be jealous
but I was not.  I wanted her to be just for me.  So, sue me.

When I saw Lisa watching us from the doorway,  I called her to join us. Lisa knelt in front
of me as Mary and Andy moved aside to let her enter.  I carefully explained to Lisa, she
now belonged to Mary and was to obey her every command. "Yes, sir," was her only
response.  As Mary led Lisa away, the stress of the last few weeks, the altitude change
and the wine all kicked in.  I barely made it to bed before I crashed.

I awoke alone.  It was the first time that had happened since the day Andy handcuffed me
to the table and fucked my eyes out, which was the day I met her. I struggled out of bed
and found the shower.  As I stood under the hot water, a female hand holding a cup of hot
coffee extended into the shower stall.  Hard to beat the service, I will tell you.  As I
dressed, I smelled sausage cooking.  Breakfast was on the table when I entered the
dining room.

It was midmorning.  The three of them had already eaten and were ready for the day. 
Mary whispered she wanted a few things from the Vail house, specifically bondage gear
to use on Lisa.  I wanted Lisa and Andy gone so I could talk to Mary, so, I sent them to
Vail.  

Finally, I had Mary alone so I could talk to her about programming. Once again, Uncle
Bert had anticipated what I would want.  I sat in my easy chair, my Coke in my hand. 
Mary knelt between my legs.  She told me not to touch her as her eyes got that vacant,
trance stare. 

"Hello, Davy.  It is Dad again, or do you still think of me as Uncle Bert?"  

Mary's voice sounded hoarse, stuffy, which it had not sounded just a moment before. 
She sneezed.

"Damn. I have a terrible cold.  I need to get this programming done, cold or no cold.
Since Mary will repeat everything exactly like she hears it, you will hear me sniffle and
sneeze.  Just put up with it and excuse me.  Now, the programming. You could not
access this message unless you had asked Mary to explain the programming to you.  All
of the women except Mary, Andy and Mistress Diana were programmed identically.  All of
them will go through the trance initiation sequence. Then, they will be totally open to
whatever order you give them.  I mean whatever.  Anything.  They will fuck you at
halftime of the Super Bowl.  They will bear your child if they still can have children.  They
will literally kill for you.  All of their free will is superceded by the programming. This is
why the drug is so dangerous. What would happen, for example, if a thousand men were
programmed to be assassins?  They would be unstoppable.  No one has been
programmed for anything except being open for programming. There are no assassins
out there and I do not want any.  I am, or, rather I was when I was alive, a lover not a
killer. 

Diana, Andy and Mary are programmed differently.  Diana was programmed to override
your instructions until your B&D training was complete.  Now, she is programmed like the
rest of them.  

Andy is programmed to be sexually responsive to you without being put into a trance. 
For example, if you wish her to seduce two troops of Boy Scouts, tell her and she will.
She will believe with all her being that seducing Boy Scouts in her favorite activity.  I
programmed her to help you find and seduce women, to eagerly capture all your
ejaculations for herself and to enjoy the women you are with. You can put her in a trance
as you do the others to override any programming by me.

Mary's programming is the most complex. There are many messages in her which can
only be released at various trigger points.  Do not try to make her give them to you early.
She also knows she has been programmed, knows Andy and the others have, and, has
been programmed to release information to you on a need-to-know basis.  In other
words, she had been programmed to assist you by using her own decision making
abilities to give you information when you need it whether you have accessed a message
from me or not.  In fact, on a few occasions, her own belief that you need to know will
cause her to go into a trance and deliver a message from me.  In summary, Mary's
programming allows her free will to exist in certain ranges or areas of activity.

Andy and Mary have been cross programmed with certain information in case, God
forbid, something happens to the other.

Feel free to ask Mary questions about her programming when she is out of the trance. 
Realize, however, her responses are, to a considerable extent, programmed and the
information she can release is programmed. So, do not be harsh with her if she is
unresponsive.  (Sniffle, sniffle).  Mary is programmed to give you specific instructions on
wording after you have discovered the formula.   

By the way, have you fucked her ass yet? She loves it!  (Sneeze! Sneeze!)  Damn, I need
to go.  Take care. I love you." 

Mary's head dropped to her chest as she became quiet.  I called her name.  She
shivered, awakened, smiling passively as I helped her to the bed, where she was quickly
asleep.  I got a peanut butter sandwich, some chips and another Coke.  I was still in my
chair an hour later when I heard soft steps behind me.

To be continued. . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com










