Freshers Week Frolics
by Sexysuperslut

I provide a litte sensual entertainment to the new starters.

Freshers Week Frolics Pt. 01

After two years at University, some of the various professors, lecturers and other officials approached us to see if we would assist when the new intake commenced after the summer break.

This request gave some of my friends a rather naughty idea that just happened to involve me. I had turned twenty-one in July.

'We could undoubtedly educate the new guys during freshers week,' one of them suggested, 'But not in the way the university boffins expected.'

'What do you mean?' I questioned.

'We could introduce them to the naked female human body.'

'Pardon?'

'Rachel, can't you imagine how exciting, humiliating, degrading, sexually thrilling it would be walking around the campus knowing that lots if not most of the new students had already had access to your body?'

'You must be joking,' I laughed, 'Are you seriously asking that I sleep with all the fresh arrivals next term?'

'No. No, not that at all. I was thinking of you putting on a little anonymous display?'

'In what way?'

'We put you in a room with a bag or something over your head and let the guys come in and have a poke or grope of your naked body. They won't know who you are, and you won't know who they are either.'

'I can't see it working somehow.'

'Why not? Just imagine how incredibly hot it would be for them looking at all the female students and wondering, 'was it you.' Meanwhile, you are looking at all the newbies and thinking, 'did you touch me?'

I had to confess he did have a point. Such an adventure sounded like it might be fun at the time and in the following days.

'Where would we do it?' I asked hesitatingly.

'In the house where your whipping took place when you started here. The room is big enough, and it still has the hooks. You would be tied up just wearing one of your long dresses open at the front. That provides a sort of mystique about the whole thing.'

'So they just come in and feel me, nothing else?'

'I think we might end up getting expelled if you start seducing them and shagging them all, Rachel,' he laughed. 'One of us might introduce you and point out a woman's assets, a bit like a biology lecture. Then we can let them loose.'

Something about the idea piqued my imagination. It sounded like it could be an exciting plan, and I knew it could get me very moist between my thighs. The juices were flowing freely, even as my friend Sam explained his idea.

'An Illustrated Introduction to Female Anatomy -- Interested? Call...' the little piece of paper read that some of my friends had produced. It contained a couple of phone numbers that anyone wishing to attend could call. A small line drawing of a nude woman was added to ensure more interest in the event.

I was pretty stunned when the number attending topped one hundred.

'How will we fit them all in?' I asked in amazement.

'Shifts! You will have to work shifts. Three shifts a day over two days with fifteen visiting each time, and you should nearly see them all,' Mike hesitated, 'I meant to say THEY will all have seen you,' he added smiling. 'We may need to add another shift to cater for everyone if more phone. How do you feel about being so popular?'

'Ha. They haven't seen me yet,' I replied jovially.

'Rachel,' Mike, one of my closest friends, said in a conspiratorial way, 'How would you feel if we added a little twist to proceedings?'

'Such as?'

'Well, I can't say as we want it to be a surprise for you but something slightly embarrassing or even humiliating?'

'In what way?'

'As I said, I can't say, or we would ruin the surprise. I think you'd like it, though... maybe not straight away.' His voice deepened and slowed to emphasise the last phrase.

'This will just be groping, pinching, poking, fondling and feeling?' I questioned suspiciously.

'Oh yes indeed. No sex, unless you call a finger in your cunt or up your bum sex. You will just be available for inspection by any young men who turn up.'

'That's okay then. And there will be a surprise for me at the end?'

'More like at the beginning?'

'You're going to fuck me in front of them all, aren't you? I quizzed.

'No. honestly, nothing like that.'

'Oh. Well, I couldn't imagine what you plan to surprise me with.'

'Good. Don't try to guess. Can we do it to you?'

'You're sure I'll enjoy it?'

'I think so, but maybe not just at first.'

'Ummmm. You've already told me that,' I replied, still pondering the idea,' Okay. I'll go with it.'

I purchased a new floral pattern short sleeve dress with a full-length button-up front. I thought it looked both demure and rather sexy at the same time. Even with the buttons done up, I was still able to show a little leg if required. I thought it was just perfect for the occasion.

We checked the room, which was in a large Victorian house close to the University, was available. Some wealthier male student friends were renting it instead of staying in the halls of residence. I had spent some exciting times with the lads in the house during my studies. On an earlier occasion, I had been painfully introduced to the pleasures of corporal punishment. I had only been nineteen at the time.

Now I would be bound with my hands in the air to allow strangers, most at least two years younger than me, to explore my exposed body. Before letting them loose on me, one of my friends would provide a little scintillating introduction to female anatomy.

It all sounded like it would be fun and right up my street. Having hands feeling me all over and not knowing who they were would be a new experience to be savoured.

On the first day of the event, I turned up at the house early with a small bag containing the dress I would wear.

My friends greeted me, and I went into the bathroom to prepare. I took off all my clothes, including underwear and slipped on the dress before heading out.

'Wow! That's fabulous, Rach. A brilliant choice. Couldn't be better.'

I was chuffed that the simple dress made such an impact.

'We have decided on a slight change. Instead of you standing bound in the room when the guys arrive, we will let them go in first. We will tie the ropes to your wrists and then lead you into the bedroom and tie you to the hooks. That way, we feel it will create a bit more of a sexually charged atmosphere. What do you think?'

I knew from my limited experience that he was right. The young men watching me led in with a bag over my head, ropes dangling from my hands, and in my dress would be turned on big time. I readily agreed.

I waited locked in the bathroom until the first group had arrived, only thirteen of the arranged fifteen. A knock on the door told me all was ready, and with ropes securely in place round my wrists and a large brown paper bag over my head, I was guided into the appointed bedroom.

As I entered, the babble of voices died away, and I knew that everyone must be looking in my direction. I was positioned between the hooks, and my arms lifted and tied in place.

'Good morning,' Sam announced amicably. 'We are so pleased you have come. You are welcome to the University, and we all hope you have a great time here, work hard, obtain the results you require to get the job you want.'

He continued.

'There are dangers, of course, when living away from home. You can be easily led astray by many new temptations, too much drink, taking drugs or meeting the wrong people and keeping the wrong company. That's why you are here today. We want to warn you about girls like this who may try to entice you into bed. They have names well suited to their character, sluts, tarts, whores, bitches, prostitutes.'

I blushed bright red inside my paper bag. This highly embarrassing speech must be the surprise they had planned. Sam continued.

'Today, for your benefit, we will unveil one of these vile creatures. Once you have seen one, you will know how to avoid falling under its spell. You have all seen the pictures of this example on the walls when you came in.'

I frowned. I had no idea to what Sam was referring. I could only guess that they had put some nude pictures on the walls taken from some of the guys' magazines.

'If anyone is offended by female nudity, now is the time to leave.' He continued. I listened but did not hear anyone moving.

'Right unbutton her dress,' he commanded. Someone walked over and quickly undid all the buttons leaving the dress open and my body easily exposed. I felt something brush the material and, looking out of the bottom of the bag, realised that Sam was holding a snooker cue. He flicked the dress aside, revealing one of my tits.

'Tits of a tart!' he announced with obvious disdain. 'Underdeveloped and undesirable. Still, this 'thing' will try and use these charms to entice and entrap you.'

He moved the cue between my legs and parted the dress so that my pussy was on display.

'Untidy, unkept and utterly disgusting. A cunts cunt!' he continued, obviously enjoying his little introduction. 'If it looks like this, avoid it at all costs. Hairy Hedgehogs, Brazen Bushes, Furry Fanny's and Shaggy Slits should all be shaved smooth or banned while at University.'

I was glad to have the bag over my head. My face was getting a hot flush and turning beetroot red as he continued his degrading description of my body.

Lastly, watch her face. A whore's face is always pretty but deadly deceitful. One smile from this 'thing' here could get you into bed with her. You have been warned!'

'Don't we see what a sluts face is like?' I heard someone question whose voice I did not recognise.

'Yes, of course. I forgot... Mike?'

I sensed someone move behind me and suddenly remove the bag from my head. I was staring into the faces of my friends and thirteen young men, all standing around the wall viewing the show.

I breathed in sharply. This hadn't been planned. The visitors were supposed to be anonymous to me and me to them.

'We wanted you all to see what a total slut looks like.'

'But...' I tried to say something.

'Shut up, you stupid cow. Speak when you're spoken to!'

I stood speechless and now realised that THIS was the extra surprise. All these newbies starting their studies would know me when they saw me, but I had no hope of remembering all their faces. It was indeed total humiliation.

I then saw the walls and realised that the examples of sluts mentioned earlier were all photos of me. My 'friends,' and I now use the term loosely, had blown up and printed twelve pictures of me in various guises. Some were of me prim and proper, but the majority were to fulfil requests from male admirers to which I had stupidly agreed.

There I was in some smiling cheekily, showing off some part of my body. One showed me holding my pussy wide open and another of my attempts to increase my breast size by supporting them with my hands. I was mortified.

As I blushed with embarrassment, I could see one or two of the young men looking between the photo's on the walls and me to ensure we were the same person.

'Now, a few basic things to bear in mind about a simple slut. They possess three holes, two usually moist, one usually smelly and sticky... Mouth,' Sam touched my cheeks with his cue. 'Usually full of cheap crap or seduced cock... Cunt,' he exclaimed, pushing his pointer between my legs, 'Cunt by name and cunt by nature. It is what it is. Usually damp always open.'

I had expected some sort of fun introduction, but nothing quite so embarrassing.

'Arse,' he lifted my dress from behind and stuck the end of his cue into my bum crack. 'These 'things' possess a dirty shit hole. Filthy and smelly.'

He let my dress fall back, covering my bum. 'So there you have it. A cheap whore. As far as we are aware, this is the only one operating on the campus. Take a good long look at her, point her out if you see her around. Most students know who she is and what she is.

Now to help you understand what one is like, you all have an hour to examine this filthy specimen closely. If you don't recognise a slutty tart right away, a closer examination of its body might reveal itself to you.'

Mike moved towards me and took over. 'It's fully available for inspection, and it won't bite, will you?' he announced, turning towards me.

Now I knew what my 'friends' were about, I gave a half-smile and a 'Grrrrrh,' like some demented animal.

'It just said you can do whatever you want to it. That noise it gave was slut speak. Now breast, nipples, tits, you can rub like this, grope like this or pinch like this!' Mike provided a suitably animated demonstration to go with his description.

'Cunt can be rubbed like this or fingered like this,' he explained as he slipped his forefinger up my pussy. 'Fuck me.' He exploded, 'She's absolutely dripping!' He held his glistening finger in the air. 'This means she's enjoying herself. See how subtle she is?' In his excitement at this, not unexpected discovery, Mike forgot that I was supposed to be an 'it' not a 'she.'

He moved around behind me and lifted my skirt. 'Shit hole,' he announced, 'Does what it says on the tin. You can stick your finger up it like this,' which he proceeded to do while I gave a little jump and squeak. 'Usually filthy,' he announced, pulling his finger out and proffering the digit to my mouth. 'Suck it clean bitch.' To everyone's surprise, I did.

'Ugh. That's disgusting,' one of the newbies said.

'Yes, she is indeed,' Mike responded, placing emphasis on me and not what I had just done. 'If you're not brave enough to stick something inside, you can smack the outside. This is called her bum, and she likes any smacks nice and hard, don't you, filthy pig?' He added, addressing me.

'Your hour starts now. Enjoy yourselves.'

Cautiously one or two of the young men approached me as if nearing a caged lion. I had lost all dignity, so I played along and growled at them ferociously. Even I was surprised and smiled when they stopped their advance and beat a hasty retreat.

Finally, some were brave enough to come closer, open my dress and place hands and fingers on my naked person.

I had already decided I would enjoy the sensation of a multitude of hands exploring my readily available body. I reasoned that just because the bag had been removed and everyone knew who the slut was, that was no reason not to enjoy the sensation.

The majority made a beeline for my breasts and began fondling them like there was no tomorrow. One young man commenced playing with my nipples between his fingers. It only took him a few seconds to give up and replace his fingers with his mouth.

I could feel others rubbing my bum with their hands and occasionally giving it tight little squeezes. Sometimes a finger ran along my bum crack and rested tentatively by my anus but did not venture in.

Two guys had taken up position by kneeling in front of me and were busily contented pulling my pussy hair and attempting to roll it around their fingers. Occasionally one would push a little as if carefully looking for the source of the clear liquid that was slowly oozing out from between my legs.

One of the freshers was particularly attractive with jet black hair, a bronzed complexion and delightful manners. He asked me before doing anything if he had my permission. I decided to try to hold my orgasm until he pushed a finger deep into my pussy.

Thankfully, having had a good grab of my insufficient breasts, he explored the moist and hairy area beneath my navel. As he played with my clit and then pushed a finger inside my now soaking cunt I could contain myself no longer.

I swung on the ropes attaching my arms to the ceiling while my whole body trembled as wave after wave of ecstatic pleasure swept through me.

'What the...?' The young man with his finger up my cunt expostulated as I commenced making my feelings abundantly clear to all.

'Finger me, finger me,' I called out to him as he started to withdraw his hand, more from fright than anything else.

'Keep your finger in there,' Mike encouraged, 'And wiggle it around. She's enjoying what your doing. She's having an orgasm!'

The young man did as he was told and kept his finger in place, working unseen deep inside my pussy.

I took in short, shallow breaths as I felt another orgasm building somewhere deep within. I knew that this one, too, wanted to explode out in a similarly powerful way. I pulled myself up on the ropes so that my feet left the ground, and I swung free while kicking my legs in unsuppressed joy.

As the handsome young man's finger came out, a small jet of my cum followed and landed neatly over his knuckles.

'She pee'd on me!' he shouted.

Mike knew better. 'She has just ejaculated. It's called female ejaculation. If you're brave enough, try tasting her cum. It will be sweet and nice, unlike the fucking source from which it came.'

I continued to shiver and shake for quite some time, standing on my tiptoes and holding tight to the ropes bound around my wrists.

'You need to watch this slut,' Mike proffered to the young man who had been the instigator of my excitement. If you can cause a double orgasm like that, this bitch will have her eye on you. Before you know it, she'll have you under the blanket fucking her hairy cunt.'

'I don't care what you said about her,' another of the new arrivals butted in, 'I'd fuck her anytime, slut or not, she damned attractive.'

'See. What did I said? Looks too easily take you in. She's nothing but a cheap whore!'

'I bet you're hot in bed?' the young man added, directing his question at me.

Now that I had been allowed to speak, I took full advantage. 'If you untie me and we go into the next bedroom, you will see how hot I am when being fucked,' I boasted playfully.

The young man gave me a knowing look and a wink, 'Can I?'

'NO!' Mike answered forcefully. 'You can just fondle her slutty body, or, 'he added, grabbing a nipple, ' twist one of these like this!'

I gave a sudden shriek at the unexpected painful interjection.

'That will teach you, you dirty whore,' Mike spat the words at me.

'You really don't like her, do you?' another new face interjected.

'I hate sluts who sleep around and whores who fuck for money.'

I smiled and added, 'Well Mike, you never say 'NO' to spending a night or even a quick hour with me if I offer you any of my holes?'

Now it was Mike's turn to go a deep red. I smiled at his embarrassment. He was always quick with repartee, but words just seemed to fail him entirely on this occasion.

Once the first group had spent their hour fingering, feeling and caressing my body, they left, having enjoyed their time with this flirty female, viewing 'An Illustrated Introduction to Female Anatomy' as had been advertised on the leaflet.

'That was a dirty trick,' I said as I was released from the ropes. 'We were all supposed to be anonymous to each other.'

'You enjoyed it, though, didn't you?'

'That's not the point.'

'But it very much is Rachel. You enjoyed it more because you saw their faces, they saw yours, and they caressed your body. You will get quite a thrill every time you see one of those lads knowing they have not only seen you in the nude but stick fingers in you.'

'I know, but...'

'Stop arguing, Rachel. You know it was the right thing to do. Are you up for it with the second group at two o'clock?'

'I guess I have no choice?'

'Of course, you have. Just say you want to remain anonymous.'

'But I don't... I mean... I want. Oh, Okay, Let's go with it. You take the bag off, and I'll face them all.'

'Good girl. How about a bit more spunk this time? You beg them to do things to you. Don't just stand there like a dumb ostrich. Get them rubbing your cunt or poking up your arse. Play your part.'

'Okay. Okay. I just wasn't expecting the bag to be removed last time. Or the photo's to be up,' I added, looking around the room. 'Where did you get them all from?'

'We have our ways and means,' Mike responded with a smile. 'We wanted twelve, four on each wall. We were four short, so we asked around just the same as you sleep around. We knew that some guy somewhere would have a... shall we say... incriminating photo of you. And several did and were willing to share them.'

'Um. And I thought they were only for personal fun.'

'That one is our favourite,' Mike added, pointing to one of me with whipped cream on my tits and a carton in my hand pointing up my cunt. I wore the most hideously embarrassing cheeky grin on my face. 'Did you fill your pussy with it?'

'Yes!' I replied curtly.

'Good. You can replicate it for the next group when they arrive. I'm sure they will enjoy the spectacle,' he added, getting a can of whipped cream out of a bag and handing it to me. 'Spray it in nice and deep,' he ordered.

When the next group, who this time numbered fifteen, arrived, I was again marched into the room, tied, unbuttoned, and unclothed for all to see.

Mike and Sam once again did their degrading 'Introduction to a slut,' before the free for all began.

'Grope my tits,' I asked one of the first to venture near. ' Please? I need someone to play with them now.'

When someone tentatively placed a hand on my hairy pussy I again encouraged them, as I had been instructed. 'Stick your finger right in. Push it right up my dirty cunt. That's it. Right in. Is it wet?'

I could see that my begging had the desired effect on Sam, Mike and all the others watching. It was apparent they were getting massive hard-ons.

'Your dripping. You are a dirty bitch, aren't you?

'Yes, yes, I am.'

With my breasts fondled and my pussy stimulated, I could once again feel a massive surge of orgasm build up within me. As on so many previous occasions, I knew that no matter what I did, I would be unable to control the surge of sexual pleasure that was about to explode inside me.

'Grab my pussy!' I said forcefully.

The young man with his finger inside me looked up, bemused by my sudden request.

'Grasp my bush and pull it tight.'

Still no comprehension.

Mike knew what I needed and stepped in to assist. He could see what was about to happen. He'd seen it all many times before. Mike also knew that adding a bit of pain would make my orgasm that little extra special for me.

Almost pushing the young man out of the way, he grabbed my hairy pussy tightly and pulled hard. This sudden sharp shock was just what I required to take me entirely over the edge and into a full-on orgasm that seemed to last for several minutes.

I trembled violently, and my body began to perspire freely. I did a little excited march on the spot as I once again let the ropes take my weight.

'Ahhhrggh, Ohhhhhh, flip me!' I called out while closing my eyes to savour every moment.

'Whats happened?' one of the new starters questioned in alarm.

'She's just orgasmed,' Sam explained. 'You know how us men cum and fire our load? Well, women do things slightly differently, just like you saw.'

'Wow! I thought only men enjoyed sex,' the younger student replied, 'Mind you, I've never yet fucked a woman. This is the first time I've ever seen one in the nude in real life.'

'Here,' Sam interjected, 'Try some whipped cream on her.'

'What for?'

'She tastes better with a helping of whipped cream.'

'What do we do with it?'

'Place it on her breasts and lick it off. Fill her mouth, pussy or bum crack. The choice is yours.'

The last ten minutes saw my breast covered in whipped cream that was then hastily licked off, providing a new delight to the young men and causing my nipples to harden.

Mike and Sam encouraged someone to push the can's nozzle up my pussy and release the remaining contents into my cunt to finish the session. There was much laughter as everyone eagerly watched the cream ooze from my pussy and drip onto my legs.

Mike and Sam decided I needed to wear a very short lycra like dress that just covered my bum for the next group.

For the third and final group of the first day, I nipped back to my room on the campus and retrieved a short, tight-fitting sexy red dress that I thought would do the trick.

'Brilliant, Rach, you'll just have to wear it without the straps over the shoulders.'

'Why?'

'Because if we tie your hands above your head as we did this morning, the straps will stop us pulling the dress down to reveal your tits.'

I could see the logic of their argument.

'I think it's tight enough to stay up if we tuck the little straps down the inside,' I conceded.

'Either that or we cut the straps off,' Sam responded.

'You're not doing that,' I retorted in a shocked manner, 'It's a pretty expensive dress.'

'I was only joking. I think it will work well. We can give a little snatch of pussy and arse at the right time and, of course, show off those tiny tits.'

'You have never complained about them being too small when you have sucked them,' I retorted cheekily.

'True, true,' Sam replied, 'But I need to keep up the pretence for this afternoons crowd.'

'I think it would be good for me to wear some knickers,' I suggested, 'I always get wet when someone pulls them down. What do you think?'

'It's okay with me. I'll use my snooker cue to hook inside and lower them. It might add to the fun.'

'Great,' I replied smiling, 'I've brought these.'

Same and Mike both looked at me aghast as I produced the smallest pair of thongs out of my bag.

'Good grief, Rach. What's that?'

'A thong,'

'But it won't cover anything up!'

'Oh, sorry. Did you want it to?'

'Yes, err well no.'

'So what's wrong with it?' I questioned naughtily.

'It's just... that it's a little... a bit... sort of on the small side,' Mike joined in, trying to articulate what both Sam and he were thinking.

'But that's surely the point of it,' I explained, 'That's why I brought it in the first place. Its sort of covering, revealing and provocative all in one.'

'It's certainly revealing and provocative,' Sam retorted, 'But not too much covering taking place.'

The thong was finally agreed.


Freshers Week Frolics Pt. 02

I continue providing sensual introductions to new starters.

When the time arrived, fourteen young men had turned up, and I, led by Sam, paraded into the room in my new short, sexy and subtle red dress. It was so petite and my legs so long that it left little to the imagination even wearing the thong. Thankfully, although not designed to be worn without shoulder straps, the top stayed in place as somebody once again bound my hands above my head.

'Thank you for booking a place into this induction course to the female anatomy. We, students and our lecturers alike, want you to enjoy your time here. There are, however, great dangers. Today we point out one of the biggest you will encounter.'

'My sisters bigger up top than that girl,' one of the new intakes chipped in cheekily.

'I didn't mean bigger in assets,' Mike answered quickly, obviously trying to control a chuckle. 'I mean the biggest danger to your health, wealth and wellbeing. I am going to show you around a typical University whore. This one is very typical because she's the only one on campus. At least we have not caught any others.'

'How do you catch one?' the same voice spoke out again as I tried to suppress a giggle under my paper bag covering.

'Catch one?' Mike repeated, utterly thrown off his stride.

'Yes, you said you hadn't caught any others. How do you catch whores?'

'Ah. Got you,' Mike replied as if the light of inspiration had just dawned on him. 'Yes, we set a trap. Just like catching a Rat. Both Rats and whores, like this one, are vermin. You just need the bait.'

Even I knew that Mike was stalling for time and waffling as he waited for inspiration.

'What bait?'

'That's Sam's department. He'll explain later,' Mike answered a little curtly. 'Now back to this specimen before us.'

'But how do you catch one?' The voice enquired again.

I heard Mike let out a short groan, and I could picture him rolling his eyes.

'It takes a few strong young men, plenty of cock, a mixture of cum and lots of cunning to catch a Cunt,' Sam interjected quickly and cleverly.

'Oh,' I heard the voice respond, 'But how do you do it?'

'Do what?' Sam replied, seemingly as lost by the question as Mike had been.

'Catch a Cunt?'

I wanted to stuff something in my mouth to hold off a fit of giggles. It was so funny listening to the back and fro exchange. I must have made some interesting noises hidden under my bag.'

'Is your specimen alright?' The same voice perked up again.

'Yes, yes, I'm sure it's fine.'

'Is it not a she?'

Now I did burst out, unable to control my sense of humour any further.

'Please, will you let me complete my introduction without further interruption?' Mike replied, clearly becoming annoyed by whoever the upstart was.

'Whores, Sluts, Cunts, Prostitutes, call them what you will are a more significant danger to you young men than drugs and drink combined. They will subtly lead you into paths of sexual deviance and debauchery.'

'Is this an official lecture?' the same voice piped up again.

'Oh shut up, will you and let him get on,' another voice that I did not recognise responded.

'Sorry. I was just asking.'

'Well, keep quiet. It's obvious this is not an official lecture. If it were, it would be on the campus, not in a house like this. I want to see more of the female anatomy.'

'Thank you,' Mike added as I felt his snooker cue brush against my right thigh as it lifted my dress so that everyone could see the thatch of my bush inadequately hidden behind my thong.'

'Hairy Beaver, this one,' Mike continued, 'They are not all like this, but most are. Unkept, unclean and uncaring. Look at that. It's filthy.'

His cue caught the string that was the side of my thong and commenced to pull it down, revealing my gloriously natural pussy in all its vivid hairy detail.

'Trying to fuck that would have the same effect as trying to make love to a piece of sandpaper.'

Suddenly, and unexpectedly, Mike flicked the end of his cue up between my legs. It hit home perfectly as I screamed in pain.

'Best thing for something like this. Let her know what we think of such filth.

I now felt the cue touch the bottom of my chin and follow my neck to rest on top of my dress.

'Nothing much to see here, but we might as well take a look, so you recognise a whore next time you see one.'

The cue pushed on the top of my dress to reveal my tiny tits.

'Fuck me, are you going to stip her totally nude,' someone piped up.

'That's the general idea. We want you to recognise one of these things if it ever tries to seduce you.'

'She looks pretty sexy to me. Do we get to see her face?'

'All in good time,' Mike responded.

He prodded my nipple hard.

'Look at these. It would call them tits. We call them pimples. Even pimple is too good a word for such pathetic little rashes.'

He carefully moved his cue around my nipple so that it reacted. It did, standing out and becoming firm.

'See how easy it can beguile you?'

'I bet she has an ugly face under that bag even if her body is fuckin sexy.'

'This is an ugly cow from head to toe,' Mike commented as he positioned his cue to flick the bag off my head, 'There is nothing sexy about it at all.'

With a quick flick, he deftly lifted the bag off my head as though it was an everyday occurrence. I was most impressed as I looked into the faces of those who had come to attend the lecture on female anatomy.

'Wow, wee,' someone said, 'She's fucking gorgeous. If she's a whore can we fuck her?'

Mike sighed deeply, 'What have we just been warning you about? The dangers of things like this. Looks are very deceptive. You jump into bed with this, and you don't know what she has concealed in that hairy twat between her legs.'

'Pussy,' the voice I recognised piped up.

'What? Mike asked.

'Pussy. I bet she has pussy hidden between her legs.'

'I do,' I interjected to help avoid further embarrassment and possible confrontation. 'Would you like a feel. Come and see if there is anything else hidden down there.'

The young man visibly blushed as the others with him egged him on to come up to me and have a feel of my pussy. Eventually, he made his way towards me, fixing his eyes rigidly upon my breasts. When he was close enough, he tentatively reached out with his hand and stroked my hairy mound as if it were a Guinea Pig or some other small furry creature.

'Fuck you,' he exploded, withdrawing his hand as if I'd bitten him, 'She's soaking wet.'

This announcement signalled the commencement of another hour-long free for all as the crowd explored every intricate part of the slut suspended before them. Fingers pushed deep into my pussy and as far up my arse as they could go.

This group especially seemed to enjoy exploring my bum and then proffering their fingers to be cleaned in my mouth.

'Are you really a whore?' One of them asked.

'How much are you willing to pay to find out?' I answered quickly and seductively.

Five or six of the guys told Mike or Sam that they had never seen a real nude woman before. Therefore, they were doubly excited not only to see one but to get to grips with one.

When their allotted hour was up, several asked when I'd be available to service their needs in a more personal manner. I knew that there would be plenty of requests for sexual favours coming in my direction when I was recognised around the university precincts. Such thoughts of exciting anticipation ran through my mind as I lay in bed that night, contemplating our 'little show' and anticipating how the second day would pan out.

Due to the popular demand for the 'Female Anatomy' lecture, every place was filled for the three planned 'shows' the next day. Word had clearly passed around that the spectacle was worth attending. Sam's phone rang almost continually with new requests to attend.

The format ran the same as the previous day. Sam or Mike provided a detailed, intricate and humiliating introduction followed by my unveiling and then an hours groping session. Thankfully neither man suffered another series of interruptions quite as interesting or intense as had occurred on our third session.

Mike and Sam, however, had, once again, added a couple of ingenious surprises to the second day's events without informing me.

The first meeting went as had all the rest, with the participants leaving, hopefully, a little excited having been able to handle and see the female anatomy on display. I could imagine a few of the new arrivals struggling to control their manhood as they fought to escape the confines of briefs hidden behind jeans and chinos.

After introducing me to the second group of the day in their usual demeaning and raucous way, I had a shock as Sam passed a bottle of Baby Oil to the assembled 'guests.'

'A sure way to tell a sure slut is to apply this all over its body. If it turns shiny, it's a genuine one hundred per cent slut,' he announced pompously. 'Here,' he said, handing the bottle to one of the young men, 'Pour it on your hand and rub it all over it.'

'Everywhere?' the recipient questioned unbelievingly.

'Oh yes, everywhere and anywhere. Put plenty on. Rub it on its tits, up its fanny, over its arse and, if you want, through its hair. The more you put on, the more acuate will be the result.'

The newbie stepped forward and commenced to apply a liberal application to my breasts. This action was the catalyst for others to surge forward, seeking the bottle so that they could join in the fun of coating me in sweet-smelling Baby Oil.

I closed my eyes to protect them as the young men squirted oil over my head and eager hands rubbed the liquid through my hair and over my face.

'Look,' I heard Sam say, 'It's a slut, alright. See how shiny Its skin is?'

'I bet that happens to anyone you put this on,' someone answered.

'No. No. Only sluts, whores, tarts and prostitutes shine like this. Try it yourselves on your girlfriends sometime.'

I smiled to myself as I imagined the possibility of one or two of these young me being garrulous enough to believe what they were told and then have doubts about any ladyfriends they encountered.

The assembled crowd took great delight in ensuring my skin was covered as they emptied the bottle. Fingers 'strayed' into my pussy, bum hole and mouth as this new activity brought sensual excitement to those caressing my naked body.

The smell of the oil, the pleasant feeling of being massaged and the knowledge that such activities were causing cocks to harden resulted in me experiencing another deep and delightful orgasm.

The young men stepped back, firstly in alarm and then in wonder, as they watched me tremble, shake and swing as the results of their labours caused my body to climax in an unstoppable surge of pleasure.

I grunted, groaned and squeaked with unsurpassed joy as I swung on my rope bindings.

The hour passed too quickly as I enjoyed the attention of fifteen pairs of hands rubbing, stroking, feeling, fingering and searching across my body. It was, to me, the most exciting of the five sessions we had conducted. I confess that all I wanted at the end was to lay back on a bed with my legs apart to be filled with their warm sticky cum. I knew, though, that was not an option, at least then.

After showering and having lunch, we prepared for what I thought would be the final group of the day.

'Any more surprises planned for me?' I asked teasingly.

'You'll just have to wait and see.'

'I hope it's the baby oil again,' I hinted, 'That was a great idea.'

'So we noticed. We thought you enjoyed it far too much though. So we have another little additional entertainment planned next.'

I waited in my red dress until I was for the sixth time in two days, led into the room to be humiliated, stripped and groped.

After the usual introduction and explanation about things like me, a new way of discovering whores was introduced - rubber bands!

'You take one of these,' Sam was explaining, 'The longer, the better, and you flick it like this at any part of the body. Of course, the more sensitive areas of tits and cunt produce better and more definite results.'

Sam took great delight in offering a practical demonstration by flicking the rubber band against my right nipple. As it hit, I sucked in deeply and let out a little scream of pain.

'That's what we are looking for,' Mike announced, taking over the commentary. 'Sluts squeak, Tarts tremble, and Whores wince at this treatment. Good girls will give no response at all. Here have a go.'

To my astonishment, each of the fifteen attending the lecture was handed long thick rubber bands and told to use them anywhere on my body.

I pulled myself taught as the first guy came closer and flicked towards my exposed tits catching one neatly along its side and causing me to smart. Others now took up position flicking at my tummy, thighs and bum, while one, with obviously more sadistic tendencies, enjoyed aiming at my cheeks.

Eventually, after many of my little 'ouches,' 'Ohhhs,' 'Arrrghs,' and screams, someone decided there was one place that still required some attention. I was commanded to open my legs for him so he could aim for my clit. His direction and power were true as my cry of shock and pain testified to all in the room.

Thankfully for me, Mike and Sam had already agreed on a limit of six to flick my pussy as they knew it would be sore. I am sure that those who fired their bands into my pussy enjoyed the spectacle of me dancing on the spot in response to their efforts.

Looking back, I have often wondered how many of those who had their first limited experience of BDSM that day have since enjoyed more intense sessions as a result.

As this group departed, leaving me with reddening patches across my body and stinging shafts of pain shooting from my nipples and pussy I breathed a sigh of relief that the two-day 'Female Anatomy' lectures were over. I was, therefore, a little surprised to discover that an extra one was planned.

'But Rach, you knew about it.'

'I didn't.'

'You did. Six sessions with fifteen a session equals ninety guys. You knew we had over a hundred requests.'

'Yes, but not all the spaces were filled yesterday,' I argued, somewhat miffed that I still had another session to perform that evening.

'Yes, but that was only a few places. We have to accommodate another twelve. Are you willing to do it or not?'

'Can't we do it tomorrow?' I questioned reasonably.

'No.'

'Why not?'

'Because we have told then seven o'clock this evening.'

'I wish you'd told me?'

'It was obvious, really. You just had to do the maths?'

'Maths?'

'Yes. Count the numbers. Six sessions of fifteen equal ninety guys. You are short of a hundred you knew wanted to come. Plus, you heard the phone ringing today with others asking to attend.'

'Okay, okay,' I smiled, resigned to another final display of my body, 'I'll do it.'

'One more thing, Rach, we will have another little surprise.'

'What?'

'That would be telling.'

'The first one was a bit too much of a surprise. I went from anonymity to notoriety in one second!'

'Yes, but you'll enjoy this one.'

'How do you know?'

'I just do.'

'I'd prefer to know. It's not women, is it?'

'No, Rach. It's all men. And we think you'll like it a lot, just like the baby oil.'

I sighed deeply and agreed, 'Alright, I'll do it. Has it to do with cold water or ice?'

'Stop trying to guess and just enjoy the experience.'

As I waited to go from the bathroom into the bedroom, I listened intently at the bathroom door to try and ascertain what the 'surprise' planned might be. I was still none the wiser as I was led for the fourth time that day towards the hooks in the room where the guests were waiting. I still wore my tight-fitting short and sexy red dress. It had proved popular all day, displaying my long legs and providing easy accessibility to my breasts, bum and pussy.

I still had not a clue what awaited me as Sam began his introduction.

'Good evening, fellow students, pen pushers, scholars, undergraduates and learners,' he commenced in what I thought was a somewhat over the top introduction. 'Welcome to university life. What a privilege we all have to start on a career path to our chosen profession. Life here should be fun, fulfilling and friendly; however, you need to be on the lookout for danger. As you can see on the walls around the room and standing before you, we have a white whore. These are dangerous things to get to know. Therefore let me expose the hazards associated with white whores and pink pussies.'

I frowned inside my paper bag. It was the first time either Sam or Mike had addressed me as a white whore. I had never heard either man call my pussy pink either. I knew that these terms must have some significance but was initially unable to put two and two together to discover what was going on.

'This species is inadequate in every way, as you will discover. Its got no tits, hides its cunt, has an arsehole too small for use and a face just as ugly as the backside of an overweight pig. Those of us with knowledge of such things want to warn you that this specimen is poisonous, rabid, absolute vermin and should be avoided at all costs. Look out for its soft pale skin, slutty red smile and seductive white woman's speech.'

As I listened, still waiting for my face to be revealed, I thought Mike was overdoing the alliteration that night. Then suddenly, it hit me like a bolt from the blue or a bullet from a gun. I took in a sharp breath as I realised for the first time just what the surprise was. All these references to my colour meant one thing. Sam and Mike were introducing to a group of black students.

As my friends slowly stripped me of my clothing and dignity, I could feel a twinge of panic along with excitement creeping through my body. I had no idea how I would react when they removed the bag covering my head.

I had often wondered how I would enjoy, what I had discovered was called Big Black Cock. Although I knew I would not be fucked by these men, I would experience their touch first hand.

When Sam finally lifted the bag from my head, I was not surprised to discover that my guess had been correct. Standing around the walls of the room with their eyes fixed intently on my by now naked body were twelve young black men.

'Please help yourself to the slutty form now displayed in all its miserable shame before you. Once you feel how pathetic its tits are, how dirty is its shitter and how well worn is its cunt, you will never desire to touch a white whore again.'

'I've always fancied fucking a white bitch,' one of the guests commended as he walked up to me to take a closer look.

'That's not allowed today. The whole point of this lecture was to warn you about the dangers of such creatures.'

'Ever had black cock in your pussy cunt?' One of the young men asked, looking in my direction.

'No, I haven't,' I answered truthfully.

'Would you like to try it, cunt?'

'Of course, I would,' I jested seductively, 'Untie me, take me to the next room and let's see how much better you are than this white trash I knock about with.'

'Wait a minute slut,' Mike interjected dramatically, 'Who do you think you are, you disgusting little cunt. These young men are far above your schemes, tricks and traps. None of them would lower themselves to your level to fuck you.'

I turned to the young men and asked, 'Any of you willing to be the first BBC to shag this piece of white fuckmeat?' I knew that nobody would want to take me up on such a ludicrous offer on the spur of the moment. I was on safe ground.

My request seemed to stun the room into a momentary silence until one of the visitors answered, 'I'd love you to give me a blowjob.'

'I wouldn't advise it,' Sam responded. 'As with most things, she, or rather it is useless at blowjobs. If, however, you want this vile creature's lips wrapped around your precious manhood, we will gladly arrange it.'

Now it was my turn to become quiet. We had agreed to no sex during these sessions. As far as I knew, blowjobs were sexual practices. The sound of people talking brought me back to my senses.

'If we ask it, I'm sure it will oblige a little BJ, won't it?' Mike stated, looking in my direction. 'Listen, you dirty cow; this handsome young man wants you to perform oral sex on him. Why he wants filthy lips like yours wrapped around his fine rod, we have no idea. There is no accounting for taste. Once he gets a flavour of pink pig, he will know how vile things like you are. Will you give him what he wants?'

I remained stationary, totally nude, hands still bound above my head, looking at the one who had made the request. This was new, totally new. I had fantasised about big black cock but never really thought anything would ever happen. Now here I was being asked to give a blow job to my first black man. It was a surreal moment as I nodded my acquiescence.

Sam untied the ropes from the hooks in the ceiling but left them attached to my wrists. This still provided a little bit of a sense of my being a slave. I dropped to my knees and, reaching out, took hold of the fly on the trousers of the guy who had requested I give him oral sex. I pulled his now throbbing cock out, holding it like some expensive diamond in my hands.

I knew what I had to do, but fear or a pang of anxiety swept through me as I contemplated my next action.

'Get on with it, Cow,' Mike ordered like a major sending his men to war, 'Don't keep these fine men waiting, or I'll personally belt you.'

I knew that he would have done too and enjoyed every moment of my suffering.

I opened my mouth and commenced providing the required blow job. Strangely the skin felt similar to all the other cocks I had previously accommodated during my two years at University. I rolled my tongue along the stiff shaft trying to gauge any difference in texture from white cock. Perhaps the skin felt a little tougher and slightly rougher than white cock. The slight texture change certainly excited me.

The other young men stood around and released their cocks from their denim prisons, ready and expectant.

Hands guided mine to provide the necessary stimulation of hard expectant dicks as I worked away with the first in my mouth. Other hands strayed to my breasts, massaging them and twisting my nipples.

Suddenly the first entrant to my mouth pulled out and fired his load directly onto my forehead and across the bridge of my nose. I received quite a shock as its powerful force caught me full on.

Within seconds his cock had been replaced by another, seeking my lips to wrap around its long hard form. This entrant was a little more forceful as he took hold of the back of my head to assist me in my efforts to give him maximum pleasure. His actions seemed to reap early dividends as he pulled out to splatter his load across the side of my cheek and into my hair.

Meanwhile, I could feel the two I was vigorously massaging in my hands were about to explode over me. Almost simultaneously, both loads of cum fired in my direction, splattering against my ear on one side and cheek on the other. I had done Bukkake's before but only on a limited scale of two or three. This was my first big Bukkake, and it would be a Big Black Bukkake.

As the time continued, I became stickier and messier as more gluey white cum from hard throbbing black cocks covered my face, chest and shoulders as one after another added their load to my head and body.

'This is the hottest thing I have ever done,' one of the young men stated as he stepped away from my sticky form.

'Have you never fucked a woman before?' another questioned him.

'No, I haven't. I never knew you could do this either.'

'You mean cover a woman like this.'

'No. I mean, I never knew I could get hard and ejaculate myself.'

'Have you never masturbated before?'

'What's that?' the young man questioned innocently.

'It's what you just did to the girl. Fired your load. Cummed. Ejaculated.'

'Oh. No, I've never done that before.'

'How did you do it now?'

'I watched you and did what you all did,' he replied somewhat sheepishly. 'It was so hot. I want to do it again.'

'You'll have to wait.'

'Why?'

'Well, your kind of like a gun. You need time to reload and recharge before you can fire again.'

'Oh.'

'It can take up to an hour for some guys, but others can be ready again in less than fifteen minutes. It all depends on how turned on they are.' His friend explained.

'I'm plenty turned on, man. I'd love to fuck her up her pink cunt. She's a fucking hot white bitch ain't she?'

'Tell you what,' Mike interjected, 'We will keep her here until you are all ready to fire another load over her if you wish. How does that sound?'

From my sticky face, I tried to get Mikes attention to give him 'THE EYE' that I thought he was taking a little advantage. However, it was already apparent that his generous offer had been readily accepted.

After a break of only five minutes, which included more general feeling, groping and pinching, the first hardened cock was proffered to my mouth for sucking. I knew I had to get back to work.

Just over half an hour later, I had been plastered in a second helping of hot sticky cum from each of the 'hot' black men.

Once the firing had finished, Sam commanded me to stand. My hands were untied, and I was asked to rub the gooey substance through my hair over my tits and across my bushy twat. Once I had completed this job to everyone's satisfaction, I had to lick my hands clean. This was something that brought great admiration from the new black students, most of whom had just enjoyed the delights of a white slut for the first time.

'Fuck me, she's a dirty bitch,' one of them commented. 'Is she available to be fucked any other time? I want pink pussy.'

'Me too!'

'The whole point of this evenings meeting was to warn against such dangers as this thing,' Sam responded emphatically. 'We were trying to caution you of the great risks of such a beast.'

Ignoring Sam completely, one of the lads addressed me directly, 'Any time you want big black cock, just ask. We'll be ready for you.'

When eventually, long after their allotted hour had passed, they departed, I lay sticky, smelly and exhausted on the floor. It was only then that I fully thought through the ramifications of my actions.

'How will I walk around the campus tomorrow after these two days?' I questioned seriously.

'You'll be the 'Belle of the Ball,' Mike informed me. Now they know how damned sexy you are, they will be swooning after you. You will have offers of more cock than you could ever manage, you'll see.'

He was right too as guys approached me in the library, common room, refectory and even put notes under my door. I was texed, phoned and walked by fellow students wanting to get me 'laid' in one way or another.

My 'Freshers' introduction to university life certainly spiced up my days on campus as I decided who I should let sleep with me and who I should pass over. Such choices were tough, with so much talent available. For a few months following gangbangs, trains and group sex became a more regular part of my life as I took full advantage of being an attractive, willing and open young slut to the male population. I was discovering that University life was, in my case, laid back and very filling!
