I was sitting in Julia's back yard as the evening sun faded, the two of us getting relaxed and silly on some cheap Italian wine. I glanced over as she fiddled with her phone. Her profile, her lips, her bust, her arms. Her intelligence and self-confidence. Her hair. Her long legs. Her scent. They all hit me.
Julia is my cousin, the daughter of my Mom's older sister, and absolutely crazy hot. She also happens to be the nicest and kindest and smartest and most loving girl in the world. I loved her like mad. She is my best friend and exactly what I would want to be if I were a girl.
Julia and I can talk about anything and everything. Her school, mine, my family and hers. Her friends and mine. Movies, music, clothes, sports, politics. Well, not too much politics since it's so stupid. Even sex. Her sex life I suppose since mine was more or less non-existent. Even my previous and limited experience with girls. We could have fun talking about the weather when we ran out of other subjects. We could play cloud shapes and figure out which ones looked like someone famous, or someone we knew. We could do riddles, we could do songs and puzzles. We could do Ouija board for an hour and laugh our asses off. We could do jokes. We made each other laugh.
Julia had kind of a reputation. Ever since her high school days my Mom and Dad would make these jokes about her being a slut. Just little jabs of innuendo, but it offended me. Sure, she had had loads of boyfriends. And sure, there was all sorts of gossip at our high school — the one still holding me captive for another year. Like many of the girls. A lot of the boys were much, much worse (obviously). Julia knew how to have fun, and she never apologized for it. We could discuss sex, but we never discussed that.
It was towards the end of May 2015 and school had just let out. I had turned 18 in March; Julia was a bit more than a year older. I was in high school later than most, now a rising senior, as I'd missed a year of 4th grade due to illness. Julia had just finished her freshman year at the local U.
What with her living in the dorm 30 miles from home, and both of us cramming for final exams, I hadn't seen as much of her as I was used to. It seemed to me that for the last six months or so she'd been much quieter, much more subdued, than usual. I had started to worry a little. Probably just the pressure of being new at college, but I wasn't the only one who noticed it. Still, I bet I missed her more than anyone else. And now we could lay back, could have some wine, and finally be like we had always been: best friends.
We'd been discussing how good her Mom looked now that she had fully recovered from her tummy tuck/breast lift (Julia: "banging hot"), but once that was exhausted we both sipped some more and fell into a peaceful quiet. We had already covered my Mom's recent fender-bender (Julia: "her first back-door"), her older brother's lacrosse team (Julia: eye roll and "go team!") , the raging dick who taught my Calculus class (Julia: "try kicking him in the balls"), the new hip-hop release by Wiz Khalifa (we sang Best Friends together), her current and unusual state of being single (Julia: "dry dude! very, very dry") , and my chances for getting a reasonably hot date for the Senior Prom (Julia: "none").
I enjoyed being quiet with her almost as much as I had the talking. I breathed in the fresh spring air and took a few sips of the wine. I wasn't an experienced drinker and had to remind myself to go slow.
Every once in a while Julia's dog Bobo, a very pretty Irish Setter now sadly entering old age, wandered by for pats and love and, on Julia's part, big slobbery kisses.
Finally she broke the silence. "Do me a favor, will you?"
"Of course. Anything."
"Can you stop stealing my panties?"
A shock went through me. I nearly spit out a mouthful of wine. "What? I...I don't... you think I'm...?...What?"
Julia said, "Knock it off. I know it's you. Did you really think I couldn't figure it out?"
"I...well...I didn't..." It was pretty hard to know how to respond.
I'd been stealing them for more than a year, but maybe only like five, maybe six, pair the whole time. And no, I didn't think she would figure it out. I mean it seemed like she had 50 pair of panties in that drawer in her room. It was easy to reach in and swipe a pair from time to time, the ones that looked a little bit older, the ones I figured she would never miss. Just wait for her to use the bathroom and they were all mine.
I must have turned about 1,000 shades of red and hoped the twilight could hide it . "I...uh...I mean...well, OK."
"Thank you," she said. "I mean I don't really care that much but the last two were panties I really liked. Parts of a set — you know with the bra? And actually just a tiny bit expensive." I guess I had misjudged.
Julia's family was quite well to do, but mine was flat out rich. It made me feel even more guilty, the thought that I was stealing from her allowance.
I tried to remain quiet. But there was a humming in my ears and I had to release some of the tension. I lowered my face, sweat broke out, and I asked, "How did you know it was me?"
"Well," she laughed, "there aren't that many guys who get into my bedroom, and the ones who do don't exactly have, you know, to steal them." She laughed again, but I felt like I would be sick. "I figured you from the start. Four months ago after I lost that pink thong, I decided to watch for it. Sure enough last week when you were over for Mom's birthday I could see the lace fringe of my blue bikini panties just peeking out of the pocket of your jeans."
"Oh." Dumb I know, but what else could I say.
She kicked my leg playfully. "It's OK Ben, just knock it off will ya?"
"Sure, of course. I mean I'm sorry." I was beginning to calm down a little but my face was still hot, my body was still vibrating.
She was laughing at me again. "Yeah. Apology accepted." We took another pause and she said playfully, "I hate to think of the horrible state they must be in by now. You need a girlfriend bad, dude."
"That I do!" Maybe this was OK? Maybe she could fix me up?
"Or boyfriend." And now the shock was back.
"Oh, no. I'm not like, you know, gay or something."
"Hmmm. So what do you do? Wait! Don't tell me! It's too horrible."
But I knew it was coming. Julia was not one to let go of something this juicy. "So, what? You jerk off in them?" Told you we could talk about sex.
But oh poop! A moment of truth. Moments of truth always come with her. Of course I wanted to make up some lie that would make me sound like less of a pervert. Of course. But Julia was my best friend, a friend I could trust with my life. I knew I had to man-up. I owed her the truth. Not to mention that she was able to spot any little fib of mine a mile away.
I cleared my throat. Started. Stopped and cleared my throat again. My mouth was almost too dry to speak, but I forced myself. It was now or never.
"Um, well," Pause. I took a sip of wine. "Um, well, yeah sometimes I do, I guess." Pause, gulp, breath, sip. "But it's not always that. I just like them. How they feel." Took another sip. Took in oxygen. Sweated. Went on,"You know, how they feel when they're...like, you know,...on me."
"On you?" She seemed confused, like I'd been speaking Urdu.
"Yeah, I guess."
"On you?"
Then she got it. "OH-MY-GOD! You mean how they feel on your junk, your little weiner? You wear them? Oh-my-God I never thought of that."
I had shocked her for one of the few times in our lives — usually it was the other way around. She actually stood up and walked around the patio as if in a daze. I sat there like a dunce waiting, and she circled back to me. Her pretty face went blank and she muttered, "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Do you really? Do you really wear them?"
It WAS uber embarrassing, but I'd gone this far. "Um, yeah. They feel great and so ... you know, sexy. I'm like, sorry. Really. But they make me think of, aaah, you know, how hot you are." I felt both sick and elated to be finally talking about it. Elated and compelled to go on as she sat back down beside me. I stammered and turned away for this next part: "Sorry! But... and, you know, to be totally honest, think of you and your boyfriends. And it gets me going."
"Wow! Fuck, fuck, fuck! Fuck a wounded duck fuck! Fuck a Mounds-bar fuck! Fuck a..."
"I get it. I get it. Sorry!" It was pretty humiliating.
Now her face lit up. She had this huge knowing smile, part laughter and part sweetness.
We fell back into a silence. We let it go on and I practiced gulping air again for a while. We must have stayed that way for five minutes. I was starting to feel better, almost like I could breathe again on my own. The guilt of my secret was out, but to one of the people I cared most about in the world. Julia was so nice not to be pissed off like most girls would be.
Bobo wandered by again and I took the chance to excuse myself. "I'll be just a minute, Julia."
I didn't want her to think I was going to bolt, to hide from her, that I was that big a pussy. I went in her Mom and Dad's house to take a pee. Washing cold water over my face helped reduce the blush at least a bit. I combed out my longish hair and then washed my face again. I brought us back another bottle from her Dad's collection of cheap-o wines. A bit of business to get us off the subject.
"I like his whites a little more, don't you think...?" I worked the business. Julia blinked in some sort of acknowledgment of what I'd said, but remained quiet.
I sat. I thought maybe we could just be quiet again together, but Julia giggled and said, "You know. I'm thinking. You could pull it off."
"Pull what off?"
"Being a girl."
"Fuck me, no way, dude."
"No. it makes sense to me now. You really could."
"Don't get carried away Julia. I'm sorry I took your panties. And I'm sorry I like how they feel on me, but no way am I a girl, or want to be a girl."
Julia smirked over at me as she poured us both another glass of wine. "I mean pull off looking the part. You'd make a lovely girl." That's the thing about Julia. Once she gets an idea in her head there's no turning back. I should have expected this.
"WHAT are you talking about?"
"Well, just look at us. You're what? Maybe an inch taller, weigh maybe 10 pounds more than me, and I'm on the skinny side. Your face is soft and feminine with pretty cheekbones and a nice chin. I don't think you could grow a beard if your life depended on it. You have a straight and pretty nose, not a huge honker like some guys. And sexy eyes too if we ever did anything with those gross eyebrows. A pretty mouth, nice teeth. Your body is long and lean just like a teenage girl's."
She was really into it, but it hurt to hear her say all that.
"Um. Thanks a lot. Like my confidence with girls could get any lower."
"Sorry, dude. Just true." She giggled then, "You have the flat belly, those nice long legs, and a really cute and girly butt. It's pretty. Other people say that too."
"Who said...?"
"Doesn't matter. Cause you do."
"But this is just silly."
We fell silent again, both thinking the same thing I would guess. I made a little show of scrolling through my phone for messages. A message from my friend Bobby: "Pizza?", and email from school about filling out some graduation forms before senior year began. A few Instagram posts from Will and Ed, my other close friends from school, who were off backpacking in the Pyrenees. Nothing very interesting. Certainly nothing as interesting as my cousin. Nothing near as interesting as what she was telling me.
Julia checked her phone too, but I knew she was thinking. We were having a big moment now. I had this huge urge to run or laugh or cry or vomit. I tried to think up another subject, but nothing occurred to me. Not even the weather.
"You really think that?" I said finally.
"I do."
"You mean like you always thought that? That I'm gay?"
"No. I mean I don't know if you're gay. Are you?"
"No, definitely not!"
"OK. I mean, you must know. Not gay. Check. But if you ever were or thought you were or wanted to talk about that, then your big cousin Julia would still be your best friend. I'd still love you the same. You know that, right?"
"Hmmm. Yeah, I do know. OK. You know I love you, and, yeah, I know you love me too." I stammered. I waited as long as I could. But I needed to know. "Have you thought for a long time that I look like a girl?"
"Not really. It never really occurred to me. Once I knew you had a panty thing, I would picture you stroking with them, picture you perving on some of those sluts at school. Or even, thinking about me."
"Ummmm. I..."
She laughed at me. "It's OK, you don't have to explain. But then you made me picture you not stroking with them but actually wearing them and in a flash it came together. You really would make a foxy girl."
"I don't know. It's so silly. What's the point?"
"Imagine it. Trust me; hear me out. Grow out your hair; it's really nice and thick and almost long enough now. Could be so pretty." She paused and reached over to run her hand through my hair, which is kind of long and sandy colored and thick with a little bit of curl. There were times when I wore it in a little pony tail. But my Dad didn't like that, so not too often.
Her fingers in my hair gave me the shivers; her touch was magic. Julia said, "Get you a decent haircut. A nice shave all over, starting with those yucky leg hairs. Give me half an hour for your makeup, just plump the lips, do your eyebrows and eyelashes, a little blush maybe. We buy you a cute dress or two, some fake boobs, teach you how to walk properly, a little body wash and scent and you'd have guys creaming their jeans for you."
"Fuck! You really do think it."
"You'd be yummy!" She smiled, took a big sip and repeated herself: "Yummy."
I looked down at my feet, shuffling them in the grass for amusement and to buy time. "I can't do heels!" I reported gruffly.
"Ha! You tried? See! You HAVE though about it." Julia let out a little yip of excitement and pleasure.
She'd caught me. I guess I was getting into it and forgot to pretend.
"Well. Sure I mean, probably a lot of guys try their mom's shoes on."
She gave me a Julia-look and then a long, stretched "rrrrr—iiiii—gghhh—ttt. Thanks for not stealing my shoes too. Those are more expensive."
Now I giggled, and was it just me or was I starting to sound a little girly right there in Julia's yard as the sun went down? Or was I just hoping I did?
Julia gave me a serious look. "We should try it. Would be so cool, ya' know? And kind of hot too. I'll help you."
"What? You mean...?"
"Yeah, just try it. Our summer project. I know it's a goof, but we'd make it fun too. See what it really feels like to be a girl. You'll be my own Liza Doolittle."
"Huh?"
"Doolittle? Liza? 'enery 'iggins?"
"Huh?"
"Have you ever seen a movie made after 2012? My Fair Lady? He takes a street kid, a Cockney flower girl, teaches her to talk and walk and act and behave like a real English lady. I'll do the same for you, only it'll be an American teen girl we end up with, see?"
Julia was a great movie fan, vintage stuff. But I had no answer to that. Who would have one? I could feel my cock spring to life under my boxers. She waited.
Julia sipped her wine and finally said, "C'mon Ben! Do it. You game?"
"Oh. No way. I mean, I don't think so. It's just...you know, silly."
"You've said that. Don't be a pussy, dude."
"But you're asking me to be a pussy."
She laughed and spit out a little of her wine on the lawn beside her chair. "Oh, yeah. Right. Well, then don't be a pussy about being a pussy."
"You're serious?" I asked, not really knowing which answer I wanted more.
"I am." Julia gave me one of her long searching looks. I wondered if she could tell I was aroused. Probably. She smiled then and said, "Guess what? So are you."
I think I must have turned all kinds of crimson. She went on with a laugh, "And for you to be a pussy, you're gonna need expert pussy advice. From a real pussy. And..."
"And?" I knew I was lobbing in a softball. It's part of my role with Julia.
"And that pussy is me."
It got me laughing again, but now she turned to serious.
She sat there thinking. She did her bossy Julia thing. Sip. Think. Sip. Think. Scrunch up nose. Sip. Frown a bit. Then sip and think. A mad-scientist. She gets so focused at those times it's a bit scary.
"You know Mom and Dad are going to the Bahamas in a week. Gonna be there for 14 nights. Yahoo! But what if you move over here with me? Tell your Mom that I'm afraid of being alone or something. I actually am a little you know. For real." She paused to look at me, totally serious; I nodded. "Aunt Jane knows how close we are; she won't mind. Your Dad won't mind. Then we have two weeks to do it up right, for me to teach you. Your friends don't have to know you're here — make up some story. And your Mom and Dad are too busy at work to worry about us. It'll be perfect."
Even though I knew she was nuts, she made it make sense. But I had to shoot her down. I'm not that big an idiot.
"And what? At the end of two weeks, what? I parade around here in a dress so you can judge if I'm hot enough to be a girl?" I think my dick was now about 80% erect. He is that big an idiot. Just saying the word "dress" made it grow a bit more. Me, in a really cute outfit!
She stared at me with those beautiful eyes. "I'm not sure. We'll come to that. You know I'll think of something." She smirked but even a smirky face couldn't stop her from being the prettiest girl I could imagine.
Now she was totally into her idea, an excited light in her eyes.
"This gives us time to shop for what we need. I mean before they go. The dresses, some skirts and blouses, girl jeans, some cute tee-shirts, little strappy things girls love, and some nice lingerie that you don't have to steal." She was full laughing now, in love with playing this out in her head.
"You're whacked. You know it, right?"
"I do. It's one of my best features." She smiled.
We both let her outburst settle in. A new wave of panic swept over me and deflated the little guy down there. I was only semi-hard. This was just crazy. It was f'ed. F'ed in the head.
Julia reached over and gently stroked my forearm. The little hairs, and for the record my arm and leg hairs really are fair and light as a girl's, stood on end. I tingled at her touch. I knew it was f'ed, but I also knew that I would do it. I just didn't want to come across as too eager. I have my pride you know.
"You know how I always wished I had a little sister? Someone to teach the ways of my vast feminine wisdom? You could be that little sister. Or my college girlfriend, or..."
"I get it."
"And remember the Ouija board? That time..."
"Yeah." How could I not remember it?
"I asked it what was in your future. Answer: girl. At the time we were like pumped thinking the dork might actually get a girlfriend. Hope you do, too. Someday. But for now what it means is you're the girl."
My eyes went down in acceptance. She knew she'd won. And for the record this was not the first time in my mind that the Ouija board had meant me, not a girlfriend. They were both nice possibilities I thought.
Julia was humming merrily, half way back into mad-scientist mode making a plan. Her brain is a busy place. She stopped, glanced at her phone and checked the time. "Oh, goodness. We've been here for hours. I hate to rush you but be a good boy and get on home. Mom and Dad will be here in 45 minutes. I need to go take a shower and try to sober up a bit."  
I was dying to talk more about her crazy idea but I knew she was right. "Aaah...yeah, sure." I stood up, just a bit wobbly and said, "I love you Julia." Dying to talk more, but also wondering if I could reverse time to when we were just best friends, not co-conspirators in girl dressing.
"I know. I love you too Ben." She leaned in to me for a hug and I felt her beautiful breasts crush against me. Her scent was amazing. It gave my dick a jolt of fresh blood and I was hard again.
Maybe you're thinking, "Dude! Don't go getting hard for your own cousin!". To which I say, "You try hugging her".
I got over it. They come and go. We quickly cleared and washed the glasses, then hid the bottles at the bottom of the recycling bin. Aunt Beth and Uncle Roger are pretty clueless, he buys so much of it. We'd done the same before.
Back on the patio we hugged again and said our good-byes. Julia turned to walk inside. She stopped. Turned back to me with a wicked little grin and said, "You're such a good boy! Do you want a parting gift?"
I was half afraid to ask. "Sure. What?"
Julia smiled and crouched, lifted her pretty summer skirt to her hips, reached underneath and slid her panties down her long legs and off her feet. Nice peach bikinis with a little cream colored bow. She handed me the panties and said, "You last free pair for a while. Clear your calendar and grab your wallet. We're going shopping tomorrow."
She walked back inside saying, "Tra-la, girlfriend! See you in the morning."
Bobo was back and Julia ignored me to give love to the dog again.
I stood in a daze, panties warm in my hand, shook myself, plunged the undies in my pocket and walked away. Bobo showed me out to the street for a final belly rub, then turned nonchalantly and ambled back into the house.