Flamboyant Days
by SexyRuth

Flamboyant Days Pt. 01

Some fun with Ben Wa balls and at the doctors.

Summer 2017

Ben Wa balls

Lust balls or Ben Wa balls aroused my curiosity. Albeit I knew what most of the sex toys do, I was baffled when I saw those little balls for the first time. A toy that wouldn't look out of place in a pet shop given their size and bright or metallic coloring. I googled, read a lot of exciting articles, and decided I have to have one.

I went to the adult store where I've been before. Tom, the manager, wasn't around, so an attractive girl in her early twenties assisted me. She was dressed in a sheer black long top, underneath a red G-string thong that shimmered through. She excused her outfit and said her shift in the affiliated strip club was due. A colleague called in sick, so Tom asked her to help out in the store. The girl was quite a temptation! Six-foot tall, blonde, firm tits from what I could see, and athletic. She had the aura of an energetic twenty-something-year young woman, talked a lot, and always touched me. At first, I was disgruntled. I had asked for advice, not a massage. So what, I thought, copied her behavior and touched her too, including her tits. Purely by chance, of course. They felt great, and I was proud of my bisexuality. Anyway, someone called for her, she hugged me, whispered ' wanna some fun, ask for Liza,' kissed me and hurried back. Please excuse my small diversion. Anecdotes like this happen to me all the time. I bought a set and left.

The Ben Wa balls are about an inch in diameter, shiny metallic plastic, a metal ball inside. The metal movements cause slight sensations in the vagina, and for some women, this motion has the potential to drive them to orgasm. I've read stories of women holding Ben-Wa balls in their vaginas, doing housework, and building up sexual arousal during the day until their husbands come home from work to screw them properly. Some women sat down with the balls in the vagina and rocked themselves to orgasm. Rock me to orgasm! WOW! That was my ultimate shopping signal. The instruction advises lubing the balls (two single balls in the package, attached by a rope). I cleaned them, inserted the first one carefully, and was taught that I didn't reckon with my pussy. The ball opened the wet lips of my entrance and sucked it in. Just like that, it was gone. A bit chilly a brief moment, I stuffed the other one inside me as well, got up, and felt the balls jiggle inside the vagina. The instruction says: The feeling of the balls is very slight (agree). This slight movement of the inner balls will cause your kegel muscles to tighten (hope so!). Depending on your sensitivity, you will begin to feel aroused (I am). Using these balls is the easiest and most effective way to work out your muscles because your vagina is forced to flex to keep the balls in when you are active (excellent).

First, I used the secret fun makers at home on the sofa only, did housekeeping later, got more daring, drove the car, and lastly, in the office. I told my husband Paul of the purchase three weeks later. You should have seen his face when I pulled the balls out. He fucked me and said I had my muscles strengthened. Whether it was a compliment to continue or the truth, I can't tell. Yet, I love the constant sexual stimulation. Once in the car, I shook the belly, a ball touched the G-spot, and I climaxed without touching me. Luckily, I arrived at the car park minutes before.

As a rule, I'm prudent when my pussy has to face a new challenge. However, in the heat of the moment, I can do something of shallow intelligence for maximum horniness. To put it more simply, I put pussy before brains.

My new toys were good enough reason to consult my favorite gynecologist, an attractive brunette in her forties. The lust balls already inside, I undressed and took a seat on the examination chair. Totally unlike her, she dropped a comment on my perfectly shaved pussy, her words! and asked to press one ball out. 'Got some too, but yours are big,' she stated and pushed it back in the vagina. I can't say for sure. I think her fingers stroke my clit.

Unmistakably, time was on her hand. She did the usually stuff, asked me to get up, walk, and kneel, and gave the thumb up already when I said I could do the splits as well. I wore no bra, pulled off the top quickly, raised one leg, piece of cake, thanks to my regular workout program, and looked in her face. I know my effect of boobs, pussy, figure on others, and I was curious what she would say. She was completely taken aback and stared at me in disbelieve. She needed a moment to catch herself. I could tell she had a lot on her mind, even though I couldn't know what she was thinking. She came closer, looked at me, smiled, and murmured, 'You are very seductive' and let her right-hand slide over my lifted leg, down to my belly.

Quickly she pulled her hand away and said in the usual tone of a medic, 'You'd better get dressed before we both regret it.' She is my favorite doctor in the sense of competence, witty, and erotic. I wouldn't have minded if she had treated my pussy professionally, fingers, weird machine, orgasm on prescription. A very brief moment, I considered a phony question about my tits, plainly to make her touch me again. I like her and dropped the silly thought. When I left, she smiled a smile that spoke of many words to say and things to do. She hugged me tightly, squeezed her tits on mine, kissed me on a cheek, and wished me well in a seasoned tone. And I had the feeling we were going to have a beautiful friendship.


Flamboyant Days Pt. 02

Horny in the office

2017 was a sweltering summer. I was braless for a solid week in the office, including in a regular board meeting on Friday. I wore the typical office uniform for women, a blouse, a blazer, and a long skirt. My tits are firm. Yet they bounced and dangled, but the managers didn't pay much attention or pretend not to because of a strict company policy, and that was fine with me. Anyway, being bra-less in office was an old personal rule long overdue to break. Yet, the meeting was pretty dull, typical chitchat and the boring competition of who is the most crucial person in the room and has least to say. I, on the contrary, grew hornier and hornier, don't know why, entirely inappropriate. After all was said and done, we all called it a day. I rushed to the bathroom, stripped off the clothes, and washed the upper body in cold water, vaguely hoping to relax before heading home. I didn't shut the door entirely since I was the only woman on the floor. That was my misconception. I heard quick steps approaching, turned around, and the door swung open. A trainee, Anna, saw my full tits and gave an indefinable primal scream. She quickly locked the door from inside, didn't say a word, just jumped towards me, grabbed my tits, opened the mouth, and sucked a nipple between her full red lips. I pushed her away and asked if she knows who I was.

'Of course, Ruth,' she muttered, 'you showed me around on the executive floor.'

Damn it, I thought. Sometimes I hate my horniness. I haven't seen Anne for days. Where did she suddenly come from and know how horny I am for anyone who satisfies me? Too stupid, her hands and tongue, her passion was too good to miss.

'Well,' I said, 'I need you to promise what happens here stays here. You want fun, I want fun, but neither of us wants trouble. If you agree and keep your mouth shut, undress and seal the deal with a proper kiss.' The 21-year-old lady was crazier than me and full of wild passion. She was my gift of God. We kissed and twisted our tongues. She broke the kiss and said, 'undress me.' Her firm tits were more lavish than I thought. Before I could feel more of her soft curves under my hands, she licked my pussy dry. She made me climax twice in quick successions until I licked off her delicious juices. She got her pussy waxed, she moaned and continued, the very moment she saw me the first time, she had envisioned me between her legs. I would be a lesbian by the books I heard her saying and bit her slightly in the clit. She screamed. Her whole body shook with pleasure and squirted directly on my face. Finally, she sat on my lap, each of us a finger in the other, our tongues passionately entangled. We fucked for almost an hour, had sucked our boobs and nipples until they got deep red and swollen. Eventually, we looked at each other, laughed, got up, and took a shower together. It's not too bad being horny on the executive floor.

Paul is always over the moon when I tell him stories like this one. However, I blame it on a typical male genome when he asks me how many orgasms I got. I don't know why; the numbers turn him on. Sometimes I invent a crazy figure for his pleasure, but today I told him the truth, four times me, six her.

Monday morning, I called HR, asked for Anna, and learned that she had finished her internship last Friday. I hung up and was in the fists of laughter. Months ago, HR rang me up and asked to take a group of six newbies around on the floor of top management and drop some words on the jobs here in general and mine in particular. I am not usually the one who handles it. Neither do I have the time, nor am I an entertainer for students. Yet I gave in for the sake of a good deed a day. While all the others in the group hoped to see the CEO, Anna didn't care and asked me what a good manager might be. I said, 'after eleven years on this job and fifteen in the company, I'm inclined to say there are two rules. First, make sure you fuck others and not vice versa. Second, if you get fucked, take the best out of it.' She fucked me. I'm confident she will make her way. Well done!


Irish Pub

I don't know what the principle was behind that Friday. Back home, I wore a long summer dress only, my beloved big nipple shields, deep inside two Ben Wa balls. It's no good idea to go out without pants, but I was trained and fulfilled Paul's wish. We went to a local Irish Pub, had a couple of beer in the pub garden, and I told the love of my life the story with Anna in the office. Time went by, the virtue of two pints of Guinness's in my belly, we got hornier by the hour, and my cleavage turned to a gorge thanks to an invention called buttons. A couple of guys in their late twenties sat at a table in front of us but further afar. I bent forward every then and now, pretended false needs, dusted off my sandals, or dropped a pen on the floor. How clumsy I can be when I'm horny. The guys had a perfect look at my dangling mature boobs; I was topless more or less. Paul said they stared at my tits, grinned, and made low-voiced comments about the shields. Next, I lifted the dress slightly, spread the legs like Sharon Stone in a movie, enough to put my bald pussy at display. Paul looked at the guys and suggested a bet. Should one of the fellows come over, chat me up, love to eat me out, or fuck, we would take him and his friends to our house, and I could go the full monty. If not, we take a route back home thru a park, where I undress and walk home naked, whoever comes along. Well, the opportunity was too good to miss - five young studs who might please me. I turned sideways to Paul, pulled out one tit prominently visible for the guys, looked at Paul, and freed the other too.

Make a guess! Around midnight I walked home naked. Three kilometers! Seeing his wife fully nude, Paul got a fantastic erection, so we fucked on a bench in the middle of the park. In the distance, we saw a guy, later a couple walking their dogs. Soon, I got used to nakedness and danced barefoot on the grass. Nature made me feel alive; the warmth of the breeze on the skin, the smell of summer, a silver moon shining on a clear sky, crickets chirping in the bushes. How fortunate that I was not demure because I had the pussy in the wind. And then it happened, we got caught. The branches in the bushes broke under heavy feet next to us, and a big black dog blocked the path. Far away, a guy called his pet.

The dog had a profound knowledge of aroused women. It didn't check my tits, face, or ass. The canine focused right away on the juice running down the thighs. It came closer and stuck its big nose on the clit. I begged Paul to pull the dog away. Please, no dog's tongue on my pussy. Who knows what it had licked off before? Yet the dog was faster, stuck out its long wet tongue, and licked me off what felt like at least two hot people at the same time. It was quite an experience!!

'Wait,' I said to Paul, 'hold me. I'm going to explode.' Paul got behind me, put the arms around me, and massaged the tits. I spread the legs, ruffled the dog's fur, and got first minor spasms. 'Pinch my nipples,' I said short of breath, 'and kiss me.' The dog kept on licking and touched with his upper muzzle my clit. Yet the silly animal stopped and ran back to his master's voice. Paul noticed my needs, fingered me, and I exploded a second time in his arms.

Butt naked, I went back to the street where we live, entered the house, and took the elevator. Guess the security or the janitor had some fun the next day when they checked the video footage of that night.

I told the story of the Pub an American friend I met online on a 'sexy site.' She said, unlike in Europe, an American wouldn't need a written invitation. A pussy on display, tits out, is a big call; come on over, and let's fuck the brains out. She attached pics taken at a biker rally to prove her statement, and I had no further questions.



