"I swear, if I have to spend another summer in front of a goddamn pizza oven, I'm gonna put arsenic in the cheese shakers."

"You know, you don't have to work in Foods just because your brother does," replies Chad. "You should apply to Front Gate. It's almost all girls and the booths are air-conditioned."

Jared raises an eyebrow. "That does sound pretty sweet."

"Plus, you'd mostly work opening shifts, and if you did close, you'd just be checking hand stamps or passes."

"So why didn't you start in Front Gate?" asks Jared.

"You get promoted faster in Rides," Chad answers. "I'm gonna make green tag before the Fourth."

When Jared fills out his reapplication to Hersheypark later that afternoon, he checks Guest Services - Admissions as his first choice, with Rides as his backup and Foods as his last choice. He'll have to take a pay cut to work Admissions--over a dollar an hour. That's going to hurt, especially with the gas prices nowadays, but not having to sweat over a fryer for eight hours (or more, now that he's eighteen and not covered under child labor laws) or wash pizza pans until quarter of midnight just might be worth it.

He gets the call about two weeks later, but it's not what he was expecting. The pleasant-sounding woman whose name he doesn't catch asks him if he'd be willing to start in Zoo Admissions in mid-May. After she sweetens the pot with promises of early closing and air-conditioning, he can't help but say yes.

The catch turns out to be that Jared has to attend an orientation meeting in April, a week before the Park's official opening on May 1st. So that's why he's awake at seven fucking a.m. on a Saturday facing a two-hour drive each way for less than three hours of on-the-clock work. He mentally curses Chad for putting the switching-departments idea in his head, then curses himself for the hundredth time for actually listening to Chad.

He has to stop at the service center to fill out paperwork for HR and to pick up his employee ID card and uniform. In addition to the standard windbreaker and raincoat, he receives two maroon polos with "ZooAmerica Guest Services" embroidered on the chest, two pairs of polyester khaki shorts with sewn-in cuffs, and one pair of polyester khaki pants he knows will be too short. He checks the back of the nametag and sure enough, the red star sticker from last summer is still there. He changes in the locker room and starts walking back to his truck. He's about halfway to the parking lot when a green Jeep pulls up beside him. "You headed to the zoo for orientation?" asks the driver, a dark-haired guy in the same maroon shirt.

"Yeah," Jared answers. "You going that way?"

"Sure am," replies the driver. "You want a ride?"

"That'd be great." Jared holds up his stack of clothes. "Just let me put these in my truck first."

"Actually, you're better off keeping the jackets at the staff house," says the driver. "And you can stash the other stuff in the office. Jump in."

Jared tosses the clothes into the backseat and climbs in the passenger seat. "Thanks for stopping. I wasn't looking forward to the walk."

The driver grins. "No problem. You're Jared, right?"

"That's what the tag says," Jared answers with a grin of his own.

"My name's Tom," the other man replies. "I'm your green tag. Now, you've worked at the Park before?"

Jared nods. "Foods. Minetown Restaurant, mostly."

"I can see why you'd want out of there." Tom guides the Jeep out of the employee lot. "You can use the clock in the arcade there if you don't want to walk all the way through the zoo to use the one in the staff house."

"Cool." Jared watches the steady stream of cars heading into the employee lot. The Park isn't open to the public, but there are several private parties taking place today; the higher-ups like to use these weekends to break in the new employees, most of whom are local high school students.

"There'll be four other people in your orientation," says Tom. "One other Admissions employee, two from Foods, and one from Retail. Oh, and one prospective intern who's visiting for the weekend might hang out with you guys a bit."

When they get to the zoo, Tom parks the Jeep in the lowest corner of the parking lot, next to a long, flat building. "That's the vet building," says Tom as he unlocks a gate. Jared follows him into the zoo proper and Tom points to a residential house complete with front porch. "That's the staff house. Our time clock's in there. You'll get the full tour with Sam."

As they're walking up the hill to the Admissions building, they're stopped by a man in a green polo and cargo shorts Jared assumes is a keeper. He gestures to the red-haired teenager shyly trailing him. "I found a stray. Can I keep it? I promise I'll walk it and feed it and take real good care of it!"

Tom chuckles. "Sorry, Misha, she's one of ours." He smiles softly at the skittish girl. "You must be Julie. Come on, I'll show you where orientation will start." She hurries to Tom's side, relief plain on her face. Tom mock-scowls at Misha. "What have we told you about scaring the newbies?"

Misha pretends to be chagrined. "Sorry, Chief. Won't happen again." He raises the small cooler he's holding. "And now, if you'll excuse me, I have a breakfast date with Sierra, and she can be a real bitch in the mornings."

"And every other time of the day," calls a voice. Jared turns to see an older, stockier man standing outside the nearest pen with a half-eaten banana in one hand. The doe inside the pen noses at the fence near his hand.

"What's she doing?" Jared asks, moving closer.

The older keeper smiles. "She's telling me to hurry my ass up and give her a treat." He pulls the banana out of the peel and tosses the peel over the fence. The doe snaps it up and munches it happily.

Jared raises an eyebrow. "She likes banana peels?"

"Can't get enough of 'em. Nobody really knows why. The rescue she came from thought she might've had to do some dumpster-diving," he replies. "They found her just up the road, not far from the hospital."

"What's her name?" Julie asks, too softly for the keeper to hear. Jared repeats the question for her.

"Venison," the keeper answers. At their appalled looks, he holds up a hand. "Misha named her. He has a rather... twisted sense of humor."

"That's so mean!" cries Julie. Jared whirls around to look at her, shocked that she spoke out. She blushes furiously and ducks her head.

"Yo, Welling!" Another green-shirted man emerges from the building to their right, which Jared realizes is the cafe. "Where the fuck are my bags?"

Tom digs into his backpack and produces two locked money bags. The man jogs over to accept them and Jared gets a look at his nametag, which is edged with blue and proclaims his name to be Michael. "Manners, Rosey. There are newbies listening."

"Unless one of them is Singer in disguise, I don't really give a shit." Michael glances at the entrance, as though he expects Bob Singer, the Foods brown tag in charge of Minetown and Comet Hollow, to have magically appeared in the last thirty seconds. Singer's a total dick--Jared saw him make a green tag cry once--so Jared doesn't blame Michael for being a little paranoid.

Tom looks at his watch. "Crap, it's later than I thought." He motions to Jared and Julie. "The classroom's right beside the shop."

They walk up the hill and Tom shows Jared where to leave his extra uniform pieces, then removes the chain from a staircase just outside the Admissions building marked "Education Only." Jared and Julie follow him down to a subterranean room which turns out to be surprisingly large, airy, and well-lit.

"They redesigned this room over the winter," Tom explains. The walls are plastered with posters and other displays and there are two large glass cases which house ceramic models of every kind of animal in the zoo. "Sam should be here any minute. She'll take you to the staff house to clock in and then she'll give you the standard tour. After that, you two will come up to Admissions and we'll go over your basic duties. You should be out of here no later than twelve-thirty."

Jared nods. That'll give him about an hour and half to kill before he can meet Chad for lunch. Chad's doing orientation today too, but unlike Jared, he's helping run it. Chad's a red tag in Rides; his official title is Foreman - Claw Group. How Chad got promoted in the first place, Jared has no idea--Chad isn't exactly responsible.

There's a small commotion outside. A minute later, two teenage boys--neither of whom can possibly be old enough to drive--stumble into the classroom, followed by a scowling blonde. "I should report you," she says, crossing her arms.

"I said I was sorry!" protests the shorter of the boys. His shirt isn't tucked in and his nametag is unpinned and hanging off his shirt.

"Your nametag's coming off," Jared points out as an attempt to defuse the situation.

"Oh, thanks," the kid replies. When he pins it back up, it's crooked, but Jared can read the name printed on it--Dustin.

"And you probably want to tuck your shirt in," Jared adds. "Some supervisors get bitchy about it."

The other boy frowns. "You've worked here before?"

"In Foods," Jared answers. "I switched departments 'cause it sucked."

'We're in Foods," says Dustin, eyes wide. "Is it really that bad?"

"It might not be over here," replies Jared. "I don't know."

The blonde girl still looks pissed. She doesn't have a nametag either. Jared smiles at her. "What's your name?"

"Katie," she answers, face softening just a bit. "I'm in Retail, thank God." She glares at Dustin again. "I did face-painting at Craftbarn, and then when they moved out of there, I got stuck at Stroller Rental." She makes a face. "You would not believe how gross those things were when they were returned. I told them if they didn't send me somewhere else, I'd quit."

Jared turns to Julie, determined to get her into the conversation. "Is this your first time working at the Park?" She nods slightly and looks down at the floor. Jared tries again. "How old are you?"

"Seventeen," she replies, barely audible. She glances up for a split second. "I used to be a camp counselor, but they closed the place I worked."

The door opens and in walks the woman Jared assumes must be their orientation leader. She's dressed in cargo shorts and boots like a keeper and she has one of the old-style blue name tags that are impossible to read from too far away. "Good morning, everybody. You're all here for orientation, correct?" They all nod silently. "And none of you are clocked in yet?"

"I can't clock in," says the other boy from Foods. "They didn't have my ID card ready."

"Did they give you your employee number?"

He digs in his pocket and pulls out a crumpled slip of paper. "Yeah."

"Okay, I'll get you squared away later." She turns back to the group. "My name is Sam Ferris and I'm the Education Coordinator for ZooAmerica. My job for today is to show you around the zoo and give you a little background on the zoo itself as well as the animals on exhibit. But first off, we need to take a trip up to the staff house to get you clocked in." She gestures to the open door. "Follow me."

She takes them back to the staff house, which is a real residential house converted into administrative offices and a break area. "In the early years of the zoo, the keeper actually lived here in this house," Sam explains. "Most of the upstairs rooms are used for storage, but we do keep one bedroom furnished for bad snowstorms. Last time anybody had to use it was '93."

Sam shows the total newbies how to clock in. There are directions posted right next to the clock and the only button white tags ever have to use is marked with a neon green sticker. Jared and Katie clock themselves in while Sam retrieves a schedule change sheet for the ID-less boy, whom Jared eventually learns is named Tristan.

Sam leads them through the zoo "backwards," as she puts it, because she wants to hit the otter exhibit at eleven for the public feeding. They run into Misha again at the mountain lion pen and they also see Jim, who turns out to be the man with the banana from earlier.

They're outside the peregrine falcon's hut when they hear rough growling and yipping from the wolves' pen. Sam grins and rushes them over to watch. The two male wolves, Dakota and Rocky, are wrestling on the ground, nipping at each other's snouts and pawing each other's ears. Sam grins. "They're showing off--fighting for dominance, proving who's strongest." She pauses a moment to watch.

"They're not hurting each other, right?" asks Katie. Julie's standing beside her, and Jared figures that it's probably Julie's question.

"Oh, no," Sam assures her. "They're just boys being boys. They're brothers and they've been raised together from birth. This is normal pack behavior." She turns back to the pen and points at the two wolves, one of whom is holding the other down on his back. "That's Dakota's victory stance. He's pack leader, so Rocky usually ends up deferring to him."

Another wolf, this one almost pure white, steps out from behind a rock. "That's Acadia. Right now she's our only female. We're looking to introduce a new pup or two in a few weeks. Acadia's fixed, so she can't have a litter of her own, and it can be tricky to convince non-breeding females to foster other mothers' pups."

"She's beautiful," Julie murmurs from behind Jared, and he nods in agreement.

Sam checks her watch. "Sorry guys, we've got to move on." She leads them across the bridge and back toward the entrance. They pass the porcupine, who's asleep on top of a tree.

"I didn't know they could climb trees," says Tristan. Honestly, Jared didn't either, but he's not going to admit that.

Next they go through the desert and glades buildings. Julie refuses to look at the snakes and isn't real crazy about the alligator or crocodiles either. She coos over the swift fox, Ruby, who's about the size of a Pekingese, and almost screams when the coati, a raccoon-looking critter named Bela, suddenly jumps out of its tree. Watching Julie is almost as interesting as watching the animals, which Sam explains are most active in the mornings.

Standing outside the bobcat pen is a keeper Jared hasn't yet met, who's deep in conversation with a guy about Jared's age in a henley and jeans. Jared suddenly recalls Tom saying something about a prospective intern.

"'Morning, Jeff," says Sam.

"Oh, hey, Sam," the keeper replies. "These the new victims--I mean recruits?"

She chuckles. "Indeed. I see you picked up a stray yourself."

"This is Jensen," says Jeff. "He's visiting from Texas A&M, looking at doing an internship with us this summer."

"What do you think of it so far?" Sam asks Jensen.

"It's great," Jensen answers, and the sincerity is absolute. "It's small enough that it seems like you can really get to know the animals, and a lot of the species here get short shrift at traditional zoos."

"Plus, it's not a hundred and five degrees in the shade here in August," Jared adds.

Jensen's eyes light up. "Don't tell me you're from Texas."

Jared grins. "San Antonio. We just moved here five years ago."

Sam motions toward the otter exhibit. "I think Misha's about to start." She hustles their group along, but Jensen catches Jared's eye, so Jared hangs back a little.

"We should talk," says Jensen quietly. "Since you know the area and all."

"Sure," Jared replies. "They said we should get out a little after noon."

"I'll meet you at the staff house." Jensen grins and it's a little blinding in the bright sunlight.

They walk over to the otter exhibit. Misha is crouched on the hill behind the pool with a small bucket of fish. "River otters in the wild actually eat mostly small crustaceans, amphibians, and non-game fish, but these two are a little spoiled." He grins and holds up a goldfish that must be about eight inches long. "We do release live prey into the water every Tuesday and Friday evening--hermit crabs, crayfish, goldfish, and occasionally shrimp. But otters in captivity need to be fed about three times a day due to their high metabolism and level of activity, so here we are." He whistles and both otters burst out of the water and scamper up the bank.

"What are their names?" calls Katie.

"This one on my left is Colt and the other is Winchester. They are both male," answers Misha as the otters chomp happily on the fish. He looks up. "And before you ask, I did not name them--Jim did."

Misha feeds them each a few more fish, then shows them the empty bucket. They slide back into the pond and bob about for a couple minutes, occasionally jumping over the other's back or poking a nose into the other's side. Julie and Katie stand transfixed, occasionally saying "awww" when they do something particularly cute.

"How long can they hold their breath?" asks Dustin.

"Up to eight minutes," says Misha. "And they can swim at speeds up to seven miles per hour. In comparison, Michael Phelps's top speed is about 5 miles per hour." He stands up. "That's it for me. Have a good day, guys."

Sam rounds them up and leads them back up the hill. Dustin and Tristan go into the cafe for their training and Jared, Julie, and Katie go on to the shop. Jared sees Tom standing behind the Admissions desk with a blonde woman. She smiles at them. "Welcome to Admissions! I'm Samantha, the Admissions supervisor. I'm going to give you an idea of what you can expect once the Park opens, and then I have a few things to go over with Julie." She gives the timid girl a soft smile and Julie returns it after a moment's hesitation.

Samantha tells them about the reciprocating zoo memberships and the children's educational programs before showing them a few transactions on the ticketing computer. She points out the brochure rack which they will have to stock throughout the day, the office, and the large supply closet where the rental strollers and wheelchairs are stored. After that she takes them up to the bridge and stamps each of their hands with the UV-reactive "invisible" ink so they can see the stamps under the black light affixed to the rail of the bridge. Bridge workers count everyone over a certain age who visits the zoo and write down the count every hour.

By the time Samantha finishes talking, Julie has lost the deer-caught-in-headlights expression and Jared is convinced that this will be the easiest job ever. He can hardly believe his good luck. Samantha gives them the direct numbers for Admissions and the office so they can call for their schedules and sends them on their way. Jared checks his watch. It's only five after twelve; he'll have plenty of time to talk to Jensen before he has to meet Chad.

When Jared gets to the staff house, he clocks out and then finds Jensen in the break room with Sam. She finishes the story she's telling--something about reindeer?--and then smiles at Jared. "So, how was your first day?"

"Well, I didn't have to spend five hours watching safety videos, so it was definitely better than my last 'first day'," Jared answers.

"Foods or Rides?" she replies.

"Foods." Jared shakes his head. "I didn't want to spend another summer inhaling fryer grease and wearing a hairnet. This place is great."

Sam grins. "I hear very few complaints." She turns back to Jensen. "It was very nice to meet you. I hope to see you again soon."

"I think that's up to Mr. Kripke, but thank you," says Jensen, giving her a self-deprecating smile. He stands up and grins at Jared. "You ready to get out of here?"

"Totally. No offense," he adds quickly.

Sam chuckles. "Enjoy the rest of your day, boys." She takes a bottle of water from the fridge and leaves.

"You have a car, right?" asks Jensen.

"Yeah, but it's in the employee lot," Jared answers. "Why?"

"I'm starving. I missed breakfast and I don't really like the looks of the kids in the cafe."

Jared laughs. "You don't know the half of it. Yeah, we can go somewhere else. There's a bunch of fast food places around."

"Wherever you want. I'm not picky." Jensen looks pointedly at his uniform shirt. "Are you gonna change?"

"Yeah, I have clothes up in the office," says Jared. "And we have to go up there anyway, my truck's in the employee lot behind the Park."

"Wouldn't I need a badge to get back there?" asks Jensen as they start walking up the hill.

"Nah, they won't really care since you're leaving, and they can always radio a keeper if they want to be stupid about it." They pass the cafe, where a slim redhead is wiping down the counters. She nods at Jared--he vaguely recognizes her, he probably worked with her once or twice last summer--but when she catches sight of Jensen her face lights up in an almost predatory grin. Jensen doesn't seem to notice her at all, so they just walk on up to the shop.

Jared retrieves his uniform and street clothes from the office but leaves the windbreaker and raincoat on a hook with several others. He wrote his employee number on the tags so he'll know which ones are his. "All right, we're good to go," he tells Jensen.

"I can't believe you can have a whole amusement park right in the middle of a town," says Jensen as they cross the bridge to the Park.

"I can't believe they can keep adding new rides every year and not run out of space," replies Jared. "They took out a ride I really liked to put a stupid wave pool in the water park."

Jensen raises an eyebrow. "There's a water park?"

"Well, sort of. It's not very big." Jared points to the Minetown Restaurant. "That's where I worked my last two summers, in the kitchen. It was hell. I couldn't eat pizza for three months afterwards and I'm still not real crazy about fries."

They cross the bridge by the dolphin show. "How big is this place?" asks Jensen.

"It's not as big as Six Flags, but there's so many hills that it almost feels that way." Jared points down the path to Founder's (formerly Carousel) Circle. "The entrance and the Arena are down that way."

"How old were you when you started working here?"

"Fifteen," Jared answers. "My parents told me if I wanted a car I'd have to pay for half of it myself, so I started working in Foods because it paid well. They would have promoted me last year, but I didn't turn eighteen until the middle of July. I wouldn't have wanted it anyway--I hated Foods."

"So you're in college, then?" Jared nods. "Where do you go?"

"Penn State." Jared waves to an old co-worker at the water cart. "It's about 2 hours away from here. I only came down for the day. I don't officially start till after finals."

"What's your major?"

Jared looks down. "I, uh...don't have one yet."

"That's okay," Jensen replies immediately. "It's better than spending three years studying something you really don't want to do and then having to take a whole extra year to finish."

Jared raises an eyebrow. "Speaking from experience?"

Jensen shakes his head. "Not mine. My brother's. My parents were pissed."

"So what are you studying?"

"Animal science, with a minor in tourism resource management," Jensen answers. "It's a good background to have if you want to work for a major commercial zoo."

"If that's what you want to do, then why are you here?" Jared tries to make the question sound more curious and less rude, but he's not sure he pulls it off.

"Jim's a friend of one of my professors. She posted the internship on the department website and I liked what I saw." Jensen shrugs. "I've spent my whole life in Texas. I wanted to see what else was out there."

"That's cool," Jared replies. "But I'm telling you, there's really nothing to do in this town. This is pretty much all we have." Jared points at the Midway employee gate. "There's the exit."

"Do you live in Hershey?" asks Jensen as Jared holds up his ID for the guard, who's about 70 and doesn't seem to give a shit about either of them.

"No, I live in Annville, which is even lamer than Hershey." Jared points to the manager's lot. "My brother gets to park in that lot. Privileges of being a blue tag."

"I noticed that your nametags have different colors," says Jensen. "What do they mean?"

"They show what level employee you are." They stop to let a Security truck pass. "The order is orange, yellow, red, green, blue, brown, gold. Orange and yellow used to be called 'white tags' and a lot of people still say that. Orange tags are minors, orange tags with the name underlined are under sixteen. Red is the first level of supervisor everywhere except Foods, which doesn't have red tags; brown tags are area managers; and gold tags are the department heads." Jared unlocks his truck and climbs in.

"Wow," says Jensen as they pull out of the parking lot. "Sounds like you should be a manager."

Jared shrugs. "I don't really care if I ever get promoted. I just don't want to hate my job."

McDonald's is crowded, but they manage to find a booth in the back. They eat in silence for a few minutes before Jared speaks up. "Why do you want to be a zookeeper?"

"I've always wanted to take care of animals, but I found out I wasn't cut out to be a vet." Jensen blushes slightly and looks down at his tray. "I got to shadow one and I passed out when they brought in a dog that got hit by a car. She was all bloody and you could see the bone sticking out of her leg... it was awful." He shudders at the memory. "That's when I decided I wanted to work with healthy animals, so being a zookeeper seemed like the best option."

Jared nods. "That makes sense." He takes a drink of his soda. "It seems like a cool job."

"I hope so," says Jensen. "I guess I'll find out."

"So do you think you'll take the internship if they offer it to you?"

Jensen grins. "Definitely."

Jared starts working at the zoo just two days after his last final. It's incredibly unfair, especially considering that he has to spend his one day of freedom unpacking and doing laundry. Plus, he has an opening shift on Saturday: 9:30 - 4:00. Sometimes, Jared's life sucks.

Saturday morning he decides to clock in at the staff house so he'll have an excuse to walk through the zoo. Samantha lets him in and out of the shop, and her cheery morning-person demeanor is almost too much to take. On his way down to the staff house he sees Jim feeding the bears and Misha feeding the porcupine. As he enters the staff house, he nearly runs into a tiny blonde girl on her way out.

"Oh, sorry," he says.

She looks up at him. "Jesus." He steps aside and lets her walk by him. "See you up there." Before he can ask her what she means, she's gone.

He swipes his card and punches in on the time clock. He turns to leave and comes face to face with Jensen. He grins. "You got the job!"

"I did," says Jensen, returning Jared's grin with one of his own. Jared hadn't noticed before, but Jensen's eyes are a bright, vibrant green. Standing this close to him, it's impossible not to notice. Jensen's face falls. "Jared?"

Jared shakes his head. "Sorry, just zoned out for a second." He looks at his watch. "I gotta get up to the shop, my shift starts in three minutes."

"What time are you off?"

"Four. Why?"

"That's when I'm off too. I thought maybe you could show me around the Park," replies Jensen. "I mean, if you're not doing anything..."

"Sure, sounds good," says Jared. He takes a step toward the door. "Sorry, I really gotta go, but I'll meet you back here at four."

Jensen smiles. "See you then."

When Jared walks into the shop, he's surprised to see the blonde girl from earlier behind the Admissions counter. He glances at her nametag. A red ring encircles her name--Alona. 
"'Morning," she says. "Samantha's at a meeting, so I'm going to be teaching you the ticket program."

"Okay." She seems nice enough.

By the time she releases him for his fifteen-minute break, he's sold sixty-four adult tickets, thirty-six child tickets, seven family memberships, two individual adult memberships, and accepted thirteen reciprocal memberships.

"Not bad for your first day," says Alona. "You didn't crash the computer or need any overrides. I think we'll keep you." She grins. "You might want to grab a bottle of water; you'll be up on the bridge when you get back."

Jared nods and heads out to the cafe. There's a girl standing by the glades building holding an owl and talking to several children. He guesses that she's one of the volunteers Sam mentioned. He goes on down the hill to the cafe and gets a bottle of water and a soda. He gets his wallet out to pay for them, but the girl behind the counter just smiles at him. "Don't worry about it."

"Hey, thanks," he says.

"Anytime." She leans forward, dark hair falling over her shoulders. She's only about as tall as Alona, but she doesn't seem as small, somehow. And she's beautiful, with deep-set brown eyes and a perfect smile. "Come back and see me again."

"Sure." He sits down on a bench on the small patio and drinks his soda. Five minutes later, the dark-haired girl comes out and sits down across from him. He looks at her nametag. It has a little silver star next to her name--Sandy.

"This seat taken?" she asks.

"It is now," he replies, smiling a bit uncertainly.

She beams and sips something red through a straw. "You're new here, aren't you?" she asks.

"Yeah, it's my first day," he answers.

"How do you like it so far?"

"It's awesome." He finishes the soda and sets it aside. "All my supervisors are really nice and the work's pretty easy."

"Yeah, everybody here is great," says Sandy. "Are you working Memorial Day weekend?"

Jared rolls his eyes. "I open Saturday and Sunday and close Monday."

"Well, we're all going to Pizza Hut after close on Sunday," she replies. "You should come. It's always so much fun."

"I'll be there." Jared grins and looks at his watch. "Crap, my break's over. But I'll see you around?"

She gives him a coy smirk. "Count on it."

The rest of his shift kind of drags. He's stuck on the bridge with Julie, who apparently came in while he was on break, and she still hasn't gotten the hang of talking. He tries to engage her in conversation a couple of times but she gives him mostly one-word answers. Every time a guest asks a question she turns to him with a panicked look on her face and he ends up answering it. He knows that it's because she's new and doesn't know anything about the Park and he knows more than some green tags, but he can't help resenting her a little. He wonders why she even applied for this job if she can't talk to strangers.

After about an hour, though, he realizes that she's really good with the kids. She barely looks at the parents, but she talks to all the kids. She asks them how old they are and what animals they want to see and she smiles and acts like a human being. She should be running kiddie rides, not working Guest Services. He would point this out to her if he didn't think it would make her cry.

At four o'clock, Alona comes up to the bridge to relieve him. "Enjoy the rest of your Saturday," she says, smiling.

When he gets to the staff house, he clocks out and looks around for Jensen. After a few minutes, Jensen comes down the stairs wearing a blue t-shirt and cargo shorts. "There's a bathroom upstairs for you to change in," says Jensen. "And I'm gonna take my car over to the service center lot if you want a ride."

"That'd be great," says Jared. He changes in the small bathroom and jogs downstairs.

Jensen is standing in the doorway of the break room, shotgunning a bottle of water. He pours what's left of it over his head and runs a hand through his hair, making it stand up in uneven spikes. Water drips down his face and soaks into his shirt, but Jensen doesn't seem to care. He tosses the bottle in the recycle bin and turns to Jared. "Goddamn desert building. It's like 90 degrees in there."

"Uh..." Jared can't think of a damn thing to say and he has no idea why. He looks past Jensen to the window in the break room. He can see the cocoa bean silos behind the factory. "You ready to go?"

"Yeah." Jensen pulls a set of keys out of one pocket and heads out the door. Jared follows him, hurrying to catch up.

"I'll drop you off at your truck if you tell me where it is," says Jensen as he slows to present his ID to the guard. Jared leads him through the rows and hops out. "Meet me at the gate," he adds as he drives off to the manager's lot. Apparently keepers are blue tags and interns are green tags, although they don't have to wear the physical nametags unless they're presenting to the public.

"So where to first?" Jensen asks after they sign in at the guard shack.

"Comet Hollow," Jared answers with no hesitation. "People who say the Comet is gay don't appreciate its historical value. It's the oldest coaster in the Park."

"And that's a good thing?"

Jared rolls his eyes. "They test it every day, it's perfectly safe. It's a great little coaster."

There's a small line at the Comet, but it only takes them about five minutes to go through it. "We're sitting in the very back," says Jared.

"Why?"

"You get a better ride that way on this type of coaster," Jared answers. "The back of the train feels faster than the front because the back has more g-force."

Jensen chuckles. "You're a coaster geek. Figures."

"What does that mean?" asks Jared as they buckle their seat belts.

Jensen shakes his head. "Nothing, never mind."

The Comet is just like Jared remembers it: creaky, bumpy, loud, and not that fast. Still, the old-fashioned coaster provides an exciting and fairly lengthy ride--the track is quite long for a wooden coaster, covering a lot of geographical area.

"See, that was pretty cool, right?" says Jared once they're back in the station.

"It was really bumpy," replies Jensen. "Kinda rattled my brain a little."

"It's a sixty-year-old wooden coaster, what do you expect?" Jared points at the SooperDooperLooper station. "Come on, time for another nostalgia trip."

There are five other people in line for the Looper. Jared can't help showing off more of his extensive Park knowledge. "This was the first looping coaster on the East Coast. It seems really dated now, but back in the day it was the shit."

"I'll have to take your word for that," says Jensen dryly.

Jared frowns. "Am I being too geeky?"

"Yeah, a little."

"Sorry." Jared climbs into the train. "It's just, all my friends work here too, so you're the only person I know who hasn't heard this stuff already."

The Looper ride isn't much faster than the Comet and, as usual, it feels like the train just barely makes it around the peak of the loop. It's pretty lame compared to the newer coasters, but Jared likes it for what it is.

"Man, I didn't think we'd get all the way around that loop," says Jensen, shaking his head. "Thought we were gonna fall right off the track."

Jared laughs. "That's part of its charm." He steers them toward the bridge to Minetown. "Come on, let's go ride a modern coaster."

"About time," Jensen replies, but he's smiling.

Jensen agrees with him that the Great Bear is "pretty awesome," and that the Sidewinder is "not really worth it." They go on Fahrenheit, the newest coaster, and Jensen absolutely loves it and insists they go again. Jared isn't crazy about it, but he goes anyway. After that Jared steers them to the Midway to ride the Wildcat and the Lightning Racer.

"More wooden ones?" asks Jensen, dismayed.

"These are much better than the Comet," Jared assures him. "They're a lot faster and the ride's smoother. You'll like them, I promise."

Jensen still looks skeptical, but he climbs aboard the Wildcat anyway. As they're approaching the top of the hill, Jared points out the Hotel across the road. Then he puts his hands up in classic thrillseeker fashion. Jensen shakes his head and the next thing Jared knows, he's grabbing Jensen's hand and holding it up. As they plunge down the massive first hill, Jared completely forgets that he's essentially holding Jensen's hand. He drops Jensen's hand as soon as they hit the bottom of the slope. He doesn't dare to look at Jensen the rest of the ride.

"You were right, that was much better," says Jensen after they climb out of the train, as though nothing happened. "And it was about twice as fast. I think I want to do that one again."

"You go ahead," says Jared. "I'm gonna... go get some water."

Jensen frowns a little. "You all right?"

"Fine!" Jared answers a little too quickly. "Just, you know, thirsty."

"Okay," Jensen replies, but he doesn't look convinced. "See you in three minutes."

Jared gets a bottle of water from the popcorn stand and sits down on a bench to watch the coaster. He sees Jensen sitting in the front this time and he has to grin at Jensen taking some of his geekiness to heart. But the grin quickly falls off his face when his mind goes back to what just happened. Okay, so he did something stupid. Not the first time, certainly won't be the last. But why didn't Jensen react at all? Jensen should have yanked his hand away, or smacked him, or at least done something to let Jared know that he was crossing the line.

But he didn't.

What does that mean?

Maybe Jensen's just a really good-natured guy who's not the least bit homophobic. Or maybe he's totally and completely oblivious and he didn't really notice.

Or maybe he was glad Jared did it.

That's the one Jared's having problems with.