I am not very comfortable in writing this real story happened to me but as there has to be some confession Box, I have planned to write it to Human Digest and express my fealings.

I am 30 years old strong and energetic handsome guy from HYDERABAD, I am a software engineer by profession working for an MNC. I am married 4 years ago and I am blesses with a kid. I keep going to mu mother in laws house every fortnight along with my wife and kid,

usually in the weekends. From the day 1 of my wedding I had a fantasy to fuck my mother in law as she shows me very keen interest in interacting and touching me for unknown reasons. I have noticed so many times that she is very keen in watching

me when I come out of bathroom after taking shower. Usually I come out on my lungi. She admires my muscles and takes pleasure in engaging her daughter and giving me all the reqquired materials from time to time.

One day or I wud say one night when my father in law was out of town, Usually me my wife will sleep toghter in a separate bedroom and my kid sleeps with my mother in law. That night I was too tired and told my wife that I want to sleep alone as I want to rest to the full.

She acepted and took my permission to sleep beside her mom in the other rromm. I accepted. I slept. Then in the midnight I woke to have a glass of water, incidentally the fridge was in the other room and the zero bulb was ON.

I went to inside the room and saw all the three sleeping. My mother in law, my kid and my wife. My kid was in the center. Before going to the fridge I went to the bed and kissed my kid. While kissing a part of my chest toucked my mother in laws boobs un intentionally.

And she woke up, I said nothing ....i was just kissing my kid. She gave a wild smile to me and said its ok. Then I went to the fridge drank water and went back to my room and was trying to sleep, but I was unable to sleep as I was thinking

what she might have thought about me and was thinking about the wild laugh. Suddenly I can see some shadow near the door and was doubting it to be my other in law. I just closed my eyes and was trying to know who it was.

Then she slowly entered into my room, switched off the zero bulb and came near me. Slowly I opened my eyes and found her in front of me. She was wearing a saree and her pallow was down. She has a dynamic 38+ breast.

I too gave a sexy smile ans asked her does she ned n e thing, she said nothing ...then I told her sit..she sat and started telling that she is not getting sleep as her husband is not there and there is no one to hold beside.

I understood what her intentions were....i told she can sleep with me. Very hesitantly she said yes...but then she was worried about her daughter in the other room. She told me what your wife wil think, I said close that door from outside and come back.

She aggredd and did the same. Now it only me and she on my bed. I slowly kept my hand on her waist and tried telling her she has a nice figure, then she said that is what has pulled her near me. I said sorry...she said u r musl\cular and

I am sure my daughtere must be enjoying you. I smiled and tld her yes we enjoy each other. Then she asiked y not today. Y she is sleeping with me. I told her that I wanted to get chance to fuck you.

Now she is aroused ...all smiling ...and now she started keeping her hand on my stomach... that's it......the war started.... She kept her hand inside myy lungi and was surprised to c my 7" long cock and told ooh maaa...so long I said its no that long naa.

she said ur uncles is not even half of that...I smiled and said then its ur property u enjoy it to the fulleset to night...she said only to night I said....YES only to night ...she smiled and said then let me ejnjoy it once for all....she started sucking it like never before I had that experience.

Then I started pressing her boobs. Then slowly she removed my lngi and I removed her saree, bra and lhanga....we both kissed each other for the fullest then the time came for actual war. I inserted my full erect penis in her vagina which good enough at the age of 47.

I fucked her hard for 25 log mnutes..she enoyed it to the fullest and finally I cumed inside her vagina. She said I wish ur father in law will be out of station every week. After that we ever we get a change we will not loose it.





