Cleaned 13

By timos111@hotmail.com


"Come in!" Janelle called from the sofa on the other
side of the room.

Susan entered and stood there stunned while Doug, in
naked glory but for his caged prick, secured the door.

He noted she was dressed conservatively, in floral-
pattern blouse and prim knee-length tailored skirt,
making her look almost like a schoolteacher.  She had
stockings on.  Her figure was best described as
"straight".

"Come take a seat!" Janelle welcomed.  "Want anything
to drink?  Beer, wine, juice?"

"Wine, thanks."

Doug glided off to do the honours.  He was conscious
of Susan looking at his butt as he went.

"Cute behind, isn't it" Janelle commented, but Susan
declined to hazard any opinion on it just now.

"Why's he got that ... thing, on his ... you-know-what?"

"Oh, he's been a bad boy.  I decided to not let him
cum for a week.  Tonight's the night he's going to be
let off the leash.  Though he isn't fully certain of
that yet" said Janelle quietly so Doug couldn't hear.

"What'd he do wrong?"

"We were busy gettin' it on, and things were going so
well, and then he asked me to suck his dick!"

"Oh, right.  I always hate it when Dave does that",
Susan replied in sympathetic tones.

Doug was back, and proffered a glass of ruby liquid.

"It bugs you too?" asked Janelle.

"Sure!  I mean, I wish he'd just let me set the pace!
I don't mind going down on him occasionally, so long
as I'm the one to think of it.  But I get so sick of
always being nagged to follow some script he's got
stuck in his head.  Watched too many porn movies, I
reckon!"

"You listenin', Doug?"

How could he help but listen?

They sat together on the sofa, while he sat nakedly in
an armchair opposite and nursed a beer.

"Does he often do wrong?" Susan enquired.

"No, mostly he's pretty good.  By far the easiest I've
yet taken in hand.  I think he's gonna be a keeper."

"Congratulations!"

"Thanks."

Doug was drinking in every word of this, though trying
not to be obvious about it.  This was the first he'd
ever heard of Janelle's long-term intentions for the
two of them.

But keep him for what?  Purely for physical
gratification?  Or would he come to mean more to her
than just an object for her urges?

"Anyway", Janelle annoyingly changed the subject,
"What did you think of the stuff I sent you?"

"Interesting ... very interesting.  I checked them out,
then did some surfing of my own."

"Did you find answers, or just more questions?"

"A bit of both."

"Do you still want to talk about it?"

"Of course!  There's so much I want to ask you!"

"Like what?"

"Like ... how you got started.  How you first KNEW this
was what you wanted."

"It began as childhood fantasy, I guess.  Right from
when I was a little girl I'd always pictured myself as
Cleopatra, or the Queen of Sheba, or Helen of Troy -
y'know, a face that can launch a thousand ships.  I
dreamt of being the inspiration for acts of courage,
feats of danger. It was girly fairy-tale stuff but
later, when I got sexually aware, these same fantasies
got to be sexual."

"Turning fantasy into reality is more risky for a
woman.  In fact I reckon most of us never get to.
How'd you work up the courage to go ahead with it?"

"I'd starting fucking quite young - practically all
the girls in my 'hood started young.  But it wasn't
that great.  Those stupid boys were more worried about
looking macho that giving us satisfaction.  The time I
first really saw the light was when me and the girls
pulled this kid's pants down and jerked him off until
he came.  He cried, and fought us every inch of the
way, but we could make him cum even against his will.
It was the first time I ever got really excited over a
sexual act."

"And nowadays?"

"Doug has a lot of courage.  He's really gone out on a
limb for me.  But it's early days yet - we're still
developing together.  He fucks up at times.  And I'm
not perfect, I've fucked up too in the past."

"What was your biggest fuck-up?"

"Hmmm ... that could be Classified Information," Janelle
responded, with a quick glance at Doug.  Then - "Oh,
what the heck!  If you must know, I lost my first
serious love slave by pushing him too far too fast."

"Pushed him, how?"

"I made him watch me get fucked by another man."

Doug's ears burned at this revelation.  Was this the
ultimate trick she had up her sleeve for him, too?
The prospect both fascinated and revolted him.  He had
no idea how he'd cope with a scenario like that.

Susan had let out a gasp, and her eyes were round.

"You never!  Why?"

"I knew he'd fantasized about it, that the idea turned
him on.  I tested him once by coming home and telling
him I'd been freshly fucked.  He went all ga-ga over
me.  Went into a kind of a trance, and worshipped me
down there for ages and ages.  Afterward I told him
I'd only been kidding."

"How'd he feel about that?"

"He didn't say much about it, just went all quiet on
me.  I'd loved his reactions at the time, so I decided
to do it for real.  But the reality of seeing it
happen was too much for him, he couldn't handle it.
It broke the spell I'd had him under.  I guess there
are some things better left as fantasy."

There was a pensive silence, during which Doug rose to
get the bottle and replenish their glasses.

"Enough of me," Janelle changed the subject again,
"How did you get to thinking along these lines?"

"Seeing the way you got Doug to lick the leather boots
you had on was a real eye-opener for me."

"Why?  You like leather?  You like to have a slave?"

"No, not that so much.  The leather was neither here
nor there, really. It was simply the fact that you
asked him to do something, and do it your way not his
way.  I could see he didn't really want to, but for
your sake he went ahead and he tried his best.  It
kinda awakened something in me."

"In your life, is there too much of doing things his
way?"

"Yeah.  Dave doesn't romance me like he used to.  He
can be a slob at times, and always takes it for
granted that if he's horny then I'll automatically be
horny too."

"Do you love him?"

"Yes.  Very much."

"Do you get horny a lot yourself?"

"A reasonable amount.  But there's times I can be
horny and he'll do something to put me off."

"Like - start whining for you to suck his dick?"

"Exactly."

"So you want to change the way the two of you make
love?"

"Not just making love.  Change the whole way he treats
me.  When we were first dating, I was his princess.  I
want to re-capture that."

"Tell me, does he seem to have any submissive
tendencies, or ever told you he fantasizes about you
dominating him?"

"No.  As far as I can tell, he's pretty straight and
macho."

"Okay.  Now we're getting somewhere."

"But - isn't that going to be a problem?"

"It has a solution - just needs a different strategy,
that's all.  Now that you've read the web stuff I sent
you, d'you see any of it as relevant to you?"

"Most of it wasn't.  The female superiority stuff was
laughable, 'cos it assumes all women are perfect when
in fact I happen to know some perfect bitches.  "Women
don't kill, women don't rape, women don't drop bombs"
blah blah blah."

"Okay, so that's not "you" - what a relief.  What
else?"

"A lot of the other sites are for wives whose husbands
say they want to be dominated, and are designed to
help the wives to find out if they're also into that
or not."

"And that's not "you" either?"

"No.  I'm creeping up on an unsuspecting target here."

"Believe me, follow my advice and by the time he
figures it all out he'll be liking it too much to want
to stop!"

"Gosh!  D'you think so?" Susan said dreamily.

"If you handle it right.  The key is for him to not
catch on until it's far too late."

Doug was listening to all this in fascinated silence.
He stealthily slid to the floor and reached out with
the wine bottle to give the two of them a top-up.

"But is it truly only romance you're seeking?" Janelle
continued. "What about our little scene in your store
last week? The leather, the obedience. Did none of
that do anything for you?"

"Maybe, a little."

"Don't lie, girl!  You were playing with your pussy
watching me dominating Doug!"

Susan's cheeks blushed red.  She had perhaps been
hoping to avoid Doug learning of this.

"Yeah okay, I liked the obedience" she answered
quietly.  "But how can I get Dave to go along with
this kind of thing?"

"That's why I asked you if he had any inclination to
being dominated.  Often guys want their partners to
take a dominating role, and want it regardless of
whether she's into that kind of thing or not.  It ends
up not being fun for us - it's just another sexual
expectation we have to fulfill."

"Too right.  In which case, what's a girl to do?"

"First, she has to figure out if being dominating will
be fun for her or not.  If it won't, then forget it!"

"And second?"

"Second, insist he agree that, if it's to be true
female domination, sex from now on has to be only for
her benefit and not his."

"How so?"

"Otherwise she'll just be an actor in the playing of
HIS fantasies - in true domination, it's only HER
fantasies that should count!"

"Okay, but I'm not in that situation.  Dave has no
idea of what's coming, and would mightily object if he
did."

"But you know you'd truly get off on taking a
dominating role with him?"

Susan giggled.

"Yeah.  You bet!"

"Then you have to re-train him.  Bit-by-bit you must
adjust his way of thinking."

"How, exactly?"

"Same way.  You bring him to understand that sex is
for your benefit, not his."

"But - jeepers!"

For a conservative girl like Susan, this expression of
disbelief was on a par with saying the f-word.

"No, truly!  The goal is still the same.  Only the
technique is different!"

"How the heck do I get a macho guy like Dave to
believe that sex is not for his benefit, without him
leaving me, or calling me a lezzie, or something?"

"Not being for his benefit is not the same as not
being fun for him.  Play your cards right, and he'll
end up preferring sex that isn't for his benefit!"

Susan's eyes widened as she wrestled with this
apparently contradictory concept.

"Lemme ask Doug what he thinks" Janelle added.  "Doug!
Do you enjoy having sex with me?"

"Yes."

"Better than what you had before with that bi - I
mean, your ex-wife?"

"Infinitely."

"Why?"

He had to think hard to put his finger on it.

"It's so - well, it's just so INTENSE!"

"There we are," Janelle said to Susan.  "A happy
camper!"

"Okay.  So how do I go about it with Dave if I can't
demand he do it my way, like I would with a guy who
wants to be dominated?"

"You just don't be obvious about it.  Use your powers
of seduction.  Snare him little by little.  Play him
like a fish and slowly reel him in."

"Some specifics, please."

"From now on, you mustn't have sex just because he
wants it.  Only have sex when YOU want it!"

"That won't be easy."

"Rome was not built in a day.  But try this.  If he
comes on to you, either have a headache totally, or
else let him have his way with you on sufferance.
He'll soon pick up on that vibe, and I guarantee that
any half-way decent husband won't very much enjoy sex
that you don't enjoy."

"Won't that just drive him to have an affair!"

"No it won't.  Because sex that YOU initiate will rank
among the hottest fucks he's ever had in all his born
days!  Get the picture?"

Susan nodded slowly with dawning realisation.  She was
getting the picture, all right.

"The other thing I'll tell you now is this.  When you
do initiate sex, let him know in advance you're going
to be in the mood with some sexy flirting, but also
let him know there's some chore to be done first.
After he's done the chore, take him to your boudoir
and fuck his brains out!"

"Your point being?"

"He'll come to realise that taking instructions from
you is an erotically-charged moment to be treasured,
rather than ignored as previously."

"That's like prostitution!  Are you saying I have to
be a whore to get him to take out the trash?"

"You want him to treat you like a princess, but you've
got ten thousand years of social conditioning to
reverse.  Luckily, you've got the power of the pussy
on your side.  Play to your strengths! After a while,
taking out the trash will give him a hard-on!"

Doug was marveling at the clarity of Janelle's
reasoning.  This girl from the projects was coming
across more like a professor in psychology right now.
How'd she figure out all this stuff?

"I'm going to set you these tasks for your homework,"
Janelle continued pedagogically.  "Only let him enjoy
sex that you initiate.  And get him started on
believing that taking orders is sexy.  Report back in
a few weeks and tell me if you've observed any changes
in him as a result."

"Okay, you got it," Susan said in grudging acceptance
of this strategy.

"Now, since you enjoy domination so much, I've got a
treat for you.  Doug made me mad last week, and I told
him I'd have to see him suffer before I can feel right
about him again."

Doug's ears had pricked up at this announcement.  He
thought he'd already been suffering, with this
contraption locked about his willy.  Was there to be
more suffering, before he was totally out of the
woods?  Her words filled him with dread.

She saw the foreboding in his face, and it made her
pulse race like it always did.  If anything could ever
trip her trigger, it was that startled "deer-in-the-
headlights" expression he got from knowing  something
was looming, but not knowing what.

"You want to cum, don't you," she said softly.

He nodded.

"How long has it been?"

"Six days and twenty hours", he said with precision.

"I will soon let you cum.  But I'm not going to make
it easy for you."

He waited, trying to puzzle this out.

"First, you need to be restrained."

Shit oh dear.

Not that he'd been expecting his regained freedom to
be immediately accompanied by a blow-job or anything.
No, he thought he'd simply be permitted to wank.  Most
likely while they watched him.  Clearly things were
not going to be quite so straightforward.

Janelle had the sports bag handy, and got out some
short webbing straps.

"Sit forward on the sofa, and hold your arms behind
your back."

He obliged.  Susan sat primly and watched, as if it
were just a tupperware party she was attending.

Janelle reached around and cuffed his wrists so his
arms were pinned behind him.  As she bent over him,
her mini-dress rode up at the back and afforded Susan
an excellent view of her sleek dark thighs.  "Nice
pins!" Susan thought approvingly.

Janelle then crouched and cuffed his ankles together
with the velcro straps.

"Okay, can you stand?"

He could, and tottered before her while she knelt with
a tiny key in her hand.  He gazed down longingly at
her bra-less cleavage while she unlocked the chastity
device and gently drew it away.  His cock swelled and
twitched its way to an almost full erection, ironing
out the striped indentations the device had left in
the skin of his sheath.

"Oh, one more thing.  Susan, I thought you might
appreciate some privacy."

They were both perplexed by this comment, but all
became clear when Janelle reached into the sports bag
and came up with an eye-shade of the type given out in
aeroplanes to passengers.  She slipped its elastic
over his head and adjusted the shade to make sure he
couldn't see out.

Then she pushed him off-balance, so that he fell back
and sprawled on the leather sofa.

"Okay, Doug.  If you want to cum, you gonna have to
fuck this sofa!"

"Wh-what?"

"Hump that leather, boy.  Hump it 'til you cum!"

Susan was still poker-faced, but somehow more
intensely poker-faced than previously.

Doug, meanwhile, really wanted to cum.  He had the
hard-on for it.  He had a whopping backlog of jizz in
his balls.  What he lacked was any means of
stimulation, other than the cool, smooth, chrome-
tanned leather of the sofa.

Jannelle sat opposite, next to Susan.  They sipped
their wine, and waited for the show to start.

He rolled onto his stomach and pressed his rigid dick
against the silken, billowy leather cushion.  It took
some care and some experimentation, but with the right
pelvic angle he could just get his foreskin rolling in
a way that caused a little of the necessary sensation
without too much painful friction.

But after a while his skin started heating up and
began to chafe.  He pulled away, bent his face to
where his crotch had been, and dribbled a pool of spit
onto the leather.  Then he resumed his now-lubricated
humping.

Janelle was amused by the sight.  And turned on.
There is something powerfully erotic about the
relentless coiling and uncoiling of a man's lower back
when fucking.  Even in the ridiculous scenario of
fucking a sofa.  He looked so lithe, so athletic.

So futile.

It didn't look as if he was going to get anywhere fast
by humping a leather cushion.  They allowed him to try
for another six or seven minutes.  Janelle glanced at
Susan and saw that she had a hand across her chest,
where it could surreptitiously flick a nipple through
her blouse.

But it was no go.

"Doug!  I thought you wanted to cum!"

"I do.  But it's not easy."

Janelle had to re-think things fast.

"D'ya think it'd work better with some warm skin to
rub against?" she enquired in honeyed tones.

"Uh, yeah" Doug answered hopefully.

"You can fuck my leg.  And sniff my crutch.  And if
that doesn't work, then tough!"

Janelle stood and moved to the sofa, pulling Doug by
his shoulders 'til he rolled onto the floor with a
bump.  She sat on the sofa with her legs out straight.
It took an effort with his hands tied behind his back,
but he managed to slither up her legs until his chest
was resting on her upper thighs, his face by her
pussy, and his cock pressed against her calves.

She steadied his torso with her hands on his ribs as
he resumed humping.  This time his prick was sliding
over supple warm skin, and with the gentle pressure of
being squeezed between her lower legs.  Soon his butt
was bouncing in earnest.

Susan pulled her skirt up, not too much but sufficient
to get one hand onto her panties.  She ignored
Janelle's gaze completely, focussing only on Doug's
hog-tied and pathetic fuck motions as she discreetly
began frigging herself.

"Is that better?" Janelle asked Doug.

"It's better" he grunted.

She hiked her short skirt up higher.  Then, with one
hand on the back of his head, she thrust his face hard
against her panty-clad mound.  His nostrils were hit
by the pungent odour of her sex, and he buried his
face as firmly against her pubic triangle as her
pressed-together thighs would allow.  The thrusting of
his hips assumed extra vigour.

"Will you be able to cum this way?"

"I think so - yes," he muttered distractedly.

"Then I better - STOP!"

So saying, Janelle rolled him off her and he tumbled
to the carpet.  He'd almost reached the point of
feeling the jizz rising up from his balls, and now -
frustration!

"I was just thinking, Susan ..."

"Thinking what?"  Susan had stopped playing with
herself momentarily.

"Just thinking, how good he'd look with a pair of
panties on."

"Oh yes!"  Susan was getting into the spirit.  "He'd
be pretty in panties!"

"Coming right up."

Janelle whisked her panties off - a shiny lemon-yellow
confection with very little of substance in the butt
department.

"Doug!  I'm going to untie your ankles.  No funny
business please!"  Janelle bent and removed the
straps.

"Stand up, and step into these!"

Doug blindly lifted each leg she guided his feet into
her knickers.  She slid them up his legs into
position, leaving his twitching cock poking past their
front panel.  She managed to brush her hands against
his cock several times while smoothing the panties
into place.  It felt to him like electric shocks each
time she did that.

The two of them admired him as he stood there
motionless, like a parody of Michaelangelo's David.

"Needs something extra," Janelle mused.

"Bra?" Susan suggested.

"It'll have to be yours.  I'm not wearing one."

Quick as a flash, Susan had done that womanly trick of
undoing her bra inside her blouse and pulling it out
through one armhole.  She handed it to Janelle, who
slid its strap adjusters to give maximum length.

"I'm untying your wrists for a moment" Janelle
announced as she freed his hands and pulled each one
through the bra loops.  She deftly re-tied him, then
pulled the bra into place and did it up.

In truth Susan didn't really need to wear a bra,
except to stop the bumps of her nipples showing
through her top.  The cups fit Doug's pecs just right,
although the straps were stretched pretty tight across
his shoulders.

"Whaddya think?"  Janelle enquired.

"He makes a cute sissy" Susan commented in reply.

Doug's cheeks burned.  No one had ever called him a
sissy before.  And though he couldn't see their
examination of him, he could feel it.  He'd never worn
women's lingerie in his entire life, and he was deeply
embarrassed to be dressed like this now.  Although the
panties weren't so bad - they had a cool smooth feel
to them that you just don't get with men's cotton
briefs.

He felt hands upon his chest, rubbing his nipples
through the bra.  It felt good.

"Nice tits!"  It was Janelle.  "But is that a big clit
I see, or just a small dick?" she taunted.

It twitched even harder and higher at the sound of
this remark.

"And what's it gonna take to make you shoot?  I'll
have to lock you up for another week if you don't get
a move-on."

He didn't answer, knowing full well it was a
rhetorical question.

"Could we have him serve us in some way first?"  Susan
wanted to know.

Janelle felt a tad suspicious about this - she wasn't
going to bend on her rule about Doug having sex with
other women.  But then again, Susan sounded pretty
committed to her Dave and unlikely to stray.

"What do you have in mind?"

"He could suck our toes.  If he does a good job, you
could allow him some extra stimulation."

"As long as it's only toes.  Would you like to
instruct him in the art of a good toe-job?"

"That's if you're alright about it ..."

"Go ahead."

"Doug!" Susan said quietly but firmly.  "Sit down in
front of me!"

Doug shuffled toward the sound of her voice and
lowered himself to the carpet.  Susan raised a
stockinged foot and nudged his hand with it, so he
could latch on and guide it up to his mouth.

"Lick my toes" Susan instructed.

He did.  It wasn't too bad, she didn't have smelly
feet or anything.  And basically, the sooner they both
got their jollies from this the sooner he might get to
shoot his wad.

"Suck my big toe, like a cock."

Again he complied.  It was erotic.  It was intimate.
It was part of another living, breathing human, one of
the female gender.  He wondered if Janelle would've
allowed this to continue if she knew he was enjoying
the contact so much, when in fact he was meant to be
humiliated by it.

Susan was enjoying it, too.  Throwing caution to the
winds she hiked her skirt up and boldly slid her hand
into her panties to cup her mound, never taking her
eyes off Doug's blindfolded face as he fellated her
toes, and never ceasing the delicate circling dance of
her fingers.

Janelle stood hands on hips and regarded them.  Susan
was as plain as a pikestaff figure-wise, but never-
the-less had a lovely alabaster complexion.  And from
the brief glimpses gained past Susan's busy hand,
Janelle could see she had a very pretty pussy.  Lovely
and pink, topped by a beautifully neat triangle of
delicate black pubic hair.

Janelle had done girls before, and wondered briefly
about doing this one sometime.  Certainly she wouldn't
mind in the least taking over the stroking of a pussy
as pretty as Susan's - it always feels better when
someone else does it!  And as for sucking at it, well ...

But now was neither the time nor the place for
even the gentlest of probes into Susan's potential for
latent homosexual inclinations. Not when she was
obviously on the verge of a very heterosexual,
domme-sub inspired orgasm.

Sure enough, Susan began whimpering slightly as her
pelvis squirmed.  She screwed her eyes tight shut.
For almost a minute, her body twitched rhythmically.
Apart from that, she was subtle about it.  It wasn't
until she pulled her foot away from Doug's slurping
mouth that he figured she was about done with him.

Janelle, meanwhile, hadn't even started with him.  But
she was in no mood to linger.  She needed attention,
and quick.

"Lie on your back!"

This was awkward with his arms pinned behind him, but
he rolled into position.  And immediately had both his
breathing passages cut off as Janelle straddled him
and mashed her panty-less sit-sack hard against his
face.

She rode him like a bronco, smothering his mouth with
her pussy and keeping his nose pressed against her
asshole.  Her mini-dress covered most of the action,
though Susan could see it pull up rhythmically to show
her fuzzy black pubes silhouetted against his pale
chin.

Taking a little pity on the poor guy now and feeling
he'd given a sterling performance so far tonight,
Janelle reached down to firmly encircle his dick,
bunching yellow panty material around it with thumb
and forefinger.

At last!  The feeling he'd been waiting for!  Despite
mild anoxia setting in, he could at last appreciate
his dick had a purchase on something that could
quickly bring the desired results.  God-dam, that felt
good!  Compared to a stupid leather cushion, this
hand-job felt as good as the tightest and wettest
pussy one could ever imagine.

The first squirt landed on her dress, while the rest
sprayed over his bra-clad hairy chest and belly.
Janelle had the good grace to not relinquish her grip
on him until he was done, mainly because she wasn't
really paying attention to him as her own orgasm
ripped through her insides.  Presently coming back
down off Cloud Nine, she saw it was by far the biggest
load she'd ever seen him shoot.  The stuff was just
everywhere.  Luckily, it was mostly everywhere on him.

Janelle unseated and stood up, smoothing her dress
back into place.

"Oops!  We better get your bra off of him and into the
wash!"

She rolled him over and released his hands.

"Any chance of it being dry again before I head for
home?" Susan asked, somewhat coy at the prospect of
returning home bra-less.

"Sure.  Doug!  Get that off, give it a good hand-wash,
and straight into the dryer!  And then, get some
coffee for us."

Later as she went to leave, Susan turned to them while
Doug held the door open for her.

"Thank you both very much for tonight. It was fun, and
I learned a lot."

"You're most welcome" Janelle spoke for them both.

In bed, Janelle snuggled up to Doug.

"You were fabulous tonight."

"Am I off the hook, then?"

'Totally.  But I hope you'll think twice in future
about expecting me to suck your dick."

"Come to think of it, that would be rather nice just
now, if its not too much trouble ..."

"Not funny.  You have been warned."

"Okay, okay.  Lighten up, will ya?"

"How did you feel about tonight"

"You mean, my "suffering" for you?"

"Yes."

"I can't say I much like being a performing seal for
your friends."

"But you did it anyway?"

"I knew you were getting a charge out of it.  And if
that's what it was gonna take to put things right
again between us, then it had to be done."

"Good boy."

And then, true to form, Janelle rolled over and went
straight to sleep.




