I Learned From My Sweet Maami

Her name is Aditi. She is my maami, wife of my mama. She has super
sexy looks and a very sexy smile on her face. She is always horny and
it looks her eyes always searching for some more and more. There is
some thirst or desire in her looks, body movement and one can read
this from her eyes which always shinning and moving in all directions
and lips always little open and she uses her tongue to lick her lips
in a demanding way.
She is medium height 5ft 4-inches, breasts are litter heavier and
waist is slim but her bottom is heavier then chest. I have not
measured these in inches nor have asked her what is her figure, as it
was useless exercise. I have always dream of sucking those lips full
of honey, her fully erect breast and fuck her from both sides.
Whenever I look at her my lund always take standing position and for
me, it become difficult to control my self as other family members
were always around us. But I can see in her eyes she is well aware,
that her presence has made effects on me, and surely know where are
my eyes sticking.
Initially she tried to pretend that she is not aware of my feeling,
but later she chases my eye and then try to cover her lovely shaped
breast with the dupata or pallu of her sari. But one thing I noticed
she tries to cover those but infact she tries to expose more and give
me signals that she knows where I am looking and tease me and
encourage me to keep looking. And after some time whenever I was
close to her, she tries to expose herself pretending innocent but she
was married & well experience, I was single having no sex experience.
One day it was 9:30 am when I went to my mama's house knowing he has
gone to his office and she must be at home. I rang the bell of her
house, there was no reply. I waited some time and then rang the bell
again, after 3-4 bells, she asked from inside who is there? I told
her its me, she recognized my voice and said wait a minute and after
couple of minutes waiting when I was about to turn back, she opened
the door and said why I am leaving and why I cannot wait. I entered
in the house and what a surprise was waiting for me, She was taking
bath and just come out from bathroom with wet hairs and all her body.
She was wearing Pink Kurta and white suti pajama without any dupata,
only a towel to dry her hairs. Her boobs were hanging from right to
left, up and down this was the first time as saw those marvelous,
round shape breast with dark black tips. Her skin was so creamy that
I could not stick my eyes to one point. She was saying some thing
which I was not listening as I was doing to look at her, I was
thinking, I am in a valet area and there are two beautiful mountains
waiting for me to explore and there was a thirst to climb them. The
she said loudly, "I am asking again, why you young people have not
some patience and why are in so much hurry?" and I was still out of
my mind and has lost some where in dreams. She shook my shoulder and
said, "come on, wake-up, where you have gone", I just could not
replied to these questions, trying to control my self, I told her I
have no idea she would be in the bathroom, I was thinking you might
be not at home. Only then she realized that she is all wet and her
clothes have stuck to her body and all her body shapes have fully
exposed to me and that is why I was stunningly looking at her body
and not replying. Still she did not feel any shame or shyness and
asked me, what I would like to have as she is going to make
breakfast. I said there is no hurry, breakfast could be later and let
us talk. She just looked straight into my eyes and ask what I am
upto. I said, nothing, your figure is so gorgeous and skin is so
silky and creamy what you do to maintain yourself, can I touch your
skin. She with a laugh said I use nothing extra, use normal diet and
normal body soap, this is by nature and if you wish to touch, you
can. This reply has encouraged me and feeling that I am the luckiest
person on the earth. I moved forward and she gave me her hand to
touch, I took her hand in my both hands and without any hesitation
kissed her on her hand. This made her little crazy and she said, I
allowed you to touch not to kiss. I said what is the harm, I adore
you and this is the respect I have for you.
She said ok. For some moments we did not said a word, she was
standing still and my eyes were searching her body like x-ray
machine, then I told her there is one button of her kurta which is
broken. She said it is not broken, it is open because of changes in
her body. I asked her what it means, is she having some sickness or
problem. She said it is normal for woman that there breast sizes
increase for 6-months or year or reduces, this never remain
constant. It was new information and I said this enlargement has
made herself more attractive and beautiful and I like this, she said
thank you and told me her husband has not noticed this, at least one
noticed and mentioned it. I said can I try to close that button, she
said it is ok, you can try but it will not work. I stand up and moved
closer to her and put my hands on the button but the kaaj has become
loose and she start laughing as I could not fix the button. I told
her remain still so that I can fix it, she keep on laughing and
saying " You could not fix one button what else You can do?" This
made me crazy and I gripped her and said, "how can I do if you keep
on moving, she said ok, I have 1-minute to try that is all she can
give me. I tried but could not fixed it, but in the period I have
touched her lovely breasts and this has increased my breathing. She
said this kurta needs to be repaired and I asked if she can bring
needle and thread I can do it. She said just forget it, but my eyes
were stuck at her breast and she asked why my eyes are still there
and there are other things to see. I told her one should see the best
thing and this pair of mountains is most beautiful scene for me to
look at. She then enquire what about other parts of her body, I said
at present this view is best, then she asked how you express your
admiration when you see some thing like this? I said, this is first
time I am seeing this and my feeling is to hold them in my hands and
kiss them. She said I can hold them but no kiss. I moved to her and
hold her breast in my hand but felt it is better to hold them from
back. I went to her back and then moved by hands under her arms and
it was the greatest feeling, those cones were on coming in my hands
and she said in laughing tone, I cannot hold thing in my hand
properly, what else I can do? This encouraged me and I started
pressing her breasts but they were so big that her tips were not in
my grip. I started pressing and moved my fingers to her tips, at this
moment she starting saying oh oh and ha ha and then said what I am
doing and what I am up to. I told her don't worry but my hands
movement made her breast more enlarged her tips were just become
erect and pointed and her sounds become louder, ooh ooh haa haa yes
yes no no ooh ooh ha haa. She said leave me as she cannot hold this
any further, I asked her does she like it or not, she said she is
feeling good but it is not good. By that time I have open all the
four buttons of her kurta and her bare breasts were in my hand, now
there was no cloth in between. Then I turned her and those bare
breast were in front of my eyes and I wasted no time and started
sucking the tips and what she was saying " please do it slowly, it
hurts, these are not going any where, I have to control myself". I
said that u know I am not much experienced. She said, I need some
lessons and then she said let us go to bed room and she will teach me
lessons. At that time I was not walking but in fact flying high in
the air. After entering in the bed room, she has taken off her Kurta
and was top less in front of me. Then I noticed she has some moles,
on her neck, on her breast, on her arm. This scene was very good
looking, her creamy white skin and these brown / blackish moles, what
a combination. I told her this is most beautiful scene I have ever
seen, she replied there are more scenes to come and after seeing all
I should comment, which is best. I moved closer to her and hold her
in my hands. She said, the first lesson, always hold a woman with
lightly, the grip should be firm but not so tight that it hurts. I
held both her hands in my hands, she then said move palms toward
shoulders but slowly, this is called caressing and this should be
gentle as much possible. This shows how much you respect and care
the women, any hardness or roughness will spoil the mood, I have
moved my hands as told by her and reaching shoulder moved backed to
her palms. She liked it and said I am a good student and learn
quickly. Then she asked me to put my lips and her shoulders and kiss
her there. I asked her, kissing means on lips, she said that is one
type and this is also called kiss. After 3-4 minutes, she turned her
back and said it should keep doing it on her back, I resisted, as now
I could not see her lovely, creamy breasts, she said, do as you are
told to do.
I obeyed her, as I did not want to annoy her and started kissing her
back from neck to the bottom of her back till the point where her
pajama was. She was very slowing telling me move to up, right, left
and down. She said a man should know which part of the body is more
sensitive and which excites woman more. My lips were on her back and
hands were on those fully erect breasts, she told me when ever I
kissed on her moles, this give her more pleasure and she enjoys more.
After been there for 5-6mintues her breaths become heavier and she
turn herself and moving her breasts closer to my lips and said now
kiss them. I had gone crazy and started sucking those beautiful
boobs, caressing one with my palms and sucking other one. She said I
should do this lightly and should not make any marks on her breast as
her husband could no notice them, I have to be more careful, I said
yes maami and started kissing and sucking softy and nicely. She said
this better, should told me another lesson, the pleasure should not
be for man only, good lovers do take care of women they love. If
woman is hurt or she feel pain, her orgasm will slow down or stopped
and then there will be no enjoyment or pleasure for her in this
situation. Love means care and it should be for both lover to
understand other partner's feeling, other wise the whole scene could
be spoiled. Then I asked her one question that she was aware of my
attraction and my feeling, she told me yes.
After her marriage to my mama, the first time when we met, she also
noted my feeling and where my eyes used to stop. She wanted to know
how long I can persist. But it was me who use to watch her and admire
her from the begining. She said feeling of being admired is such
feeling only woman can tell, Man can express his love and forgets, it
is woman who remember the words and the sentiments and keep them as
treasures. I was very impressed then I asked her what makes today as
special day. She said it is a secret and I repeated my question, she
said there are certain days in a month when woman is having periods
and man cannot make love to her. That period has just passed and she
taken a complete bath and for last 2-3 days her husband want to make
love and she stopped her for this reason and he was not happy. She
had quarrel, as he did not understand her position and said these are
lame excuses. He treated her badly and try to make love which was not
possible, he was just thinking of his enjoyment only. In the morning
before going to office he again had a quarrel. She wanted to tell him
that her period is now over and she is now clean. But she could not
as he has lost his temper and said I am going to office and might not
come in the evening, would go with some friends and will stay out in
the night. She asked, what she would do, his reply was go to hell etc

At this moment I change the topic and started kissing on her lips,
initially she was quite, no response but I continue kissing and my
hands were moving in circles at her breast. Then later on she
started replying my kisses and opened her mouth to let my tongue
inside and sucked my tongue. After 1-2 minutes she started aching me
how to kiss and how to suck. She told me the rhythm is most important
and it is key of good orgasm, which satisfies both at the same time.
All those lessons were good for me, but I want to go further, so I
moved my hands down wards to the lower part and moving my palms over
her white pajama. When I reached at her vagina, there was some
current passes in her and she said ooh ooh, please do not do it, do
not go there. I asked why at this stage you wanted to stop me and
then I started to move down her white pajama, she was little
confused, she was lying on the bed and she lifted her body, her
abdomen to allow me to take off her white pajama. But at the same
time, saying please stop, do not go any further. I continue to move
and at the same time close her mouth with kisses. When she was
completely naked, I looked at her chut and wow it was a watchful
scene, for few seconds I was astonished. I could not say a single
word, then I put my mouth at her naval and started kissing her
there. She asked me what I am doing and told her just tracking the
moles. She had a shaved chut and was light pink color and it was very
soft when I put one finger on her chut. There were moles on her
inner thighs and I put my lips over there and she sat up as some 440
volts current has passed in her body and asked me what I have done. I
my self was surprised by her movement and told her I have jut put my
lips on her inner thighs. At the same instant put my lips over there
looking at her eyes, they were wide opened and there was some shine
or spark in her eyes, her lips were fluttering and some very sounds
were coming from her throat, full of joy & excitement.
Then she said, my dear this is first time she had that feeling and I
should do it again. Then I moved the journey towards her white feet,
her skin was soft that my kisses were making marks. I moved from her
toes to upward crossing her vagina but not stopping. Then climbed
those creamy and silky mountains with blackish tips, then I reached
to her soft pinkish lips, she was thrumming, whirling and shivering.
She was a totally different lady and for 5-6 minutes I repeated this
and I was enjoying so much I could not describe it, the feeling that
up till now she was teaching me lesson and now I am leading her.
But this did not last long, soon she came out of that condition and
said to me, this was very good technique from where I learned it. I
said this is first time I have closed to some woman, it is you, your
beautiful body, your chut and silky skin has made me do so. I am
trying to fulfill your demands. Then with a smile on her face, she
said, if you wish to fulfill my demands, you have to do some thing
more. I was about to ask what, she started to unbuttoning my shirt
and after my shirts she moved to my pants zip and opened it and put
her left hand on my penis thru the underwear. With right hand she
removed the belt and started to remove my paint and underwear to make
me completely naked, saying that she has never done with her husband
but I have made her so much excited that she wanted to take full
pleasure today. Now she was holding my fully erect penis in her left
hand and rubbing it. Then she asked me to lie down on bed and she
came besides me still hold my penis, she asked me to suck her breast
and then started kissing me, forcing me to open my mouth and then
taking my tongue in her mouth and sucking it . I have never dreamed
about it and then pushed her so that I could ride on her and put my
penis inside her but she was more experienced than me. She pushed me
again on my back and said this is her time and she will ride on me
and do all the things she wishes. She asked me what is the length of
my penis, as I have never measured it, I told her I do not know. She
started measuring it by her fingers and told me it is around 6-1/2
inch and thickness is around 2-inches. This is the first time these
type of words I have heard from her, during this she came over me,
parted her legs around me and asked me to kiss her and suck her
dangling and swinging creamy silky breast. I sucked her breast as I
was taught but at stage she asked me to suck with full power. I told
her this will marks on her breasts, she said never mind, suck and
bite, put as many marks as I can on her whole body specially at front
of her body. At that point I did not understand but later she told me
that she wants to keep them as my souvenirs and these marks will
remind her the enjoyment and pleasure she had with me. While I was
doing the job she places her chut on top of my penis and came to me
with full thirst. She has crying and murmuring " AAJ TO MEIN MUR
JAOINGI ". My penis was fully inside her chut and I was also pushing
my penis from underneath. I asked her that is it paining more, if so
I will take little out. She replied no it is not the pain, nor my
lund is lengthy, it is the excitement, the pleasure of the whole
event, other wise she is use to penis of my mama which is longer and
thicker than me.
I felt embraced that my lund is small as compared to my mama, she
noticed that and told me, this is old story that bigger the lund the
more pleasure. The most important thing is the way of lovemaking.
What she is now enjoying, she never had this in her, it does not
matter my penis is 6-1/2 inches, she is fully satisfied and with this
she started moaning and said my dear janoo I am coming and with this
her chut become flooded with her juices. I my self was satisfied that
smaller penis is not a problem, this made me crazy and I turned her
down and took the riding position. Her creamy silk legs were on my
back crossing my waist and I was pushing hard. Just for a moment I
took my lund from her chut and she start begging, please do not take
it out, I want to feel you inside me and keep fucking me. This tone
and words from her mouth was very strange for me as she was other
wise very sober and always talk in good manner. When I was thrusting
with full force and my jerks become too speedy, I felt that I am
about to come and told her the same. She said to me with a typical
sound and smile on her face " do not take your lund out of my chut, I
want you to feel me with your fluid, cum inside me". That was the
height and I came inside her and empty my balls in her chut. We
remain in the bed in same position for 10-15 minutes.
She came to her sense first and told me to wake up, and just about
going to bathroom, I asked her lets have a bath together. She said
ok and we both went to the bathroom. There we got in the bath tub
and had a good bath. While bathing we both caressed each other's
body well. I again played with her big round boobs. Then we dried
each other well and came out. I took her in my arms and started
kissing her lips. I started caressing her boobs and asked her, what
we have done today is first time and did she enjoy it. She very
boldly said yes and waiting for more. Then I asked her she should be
confident the next experience will also be a great one, cause I also
enjoyed it very much. And I am very much exited as this is my first
time, and I am also looking for more. Then we kissed again and went
for our breakfast.
This was just the beginning, and we continued our love making further
more.



