My story happened about a year before. My name is Shakunthala*. I am 36 now & even now, I'm considered to be attractive and have always taken good care of myself. I'm proud to say most men find my pretty face attractive, but my large breasts (38d), bit fatty stomach, and especially my firm bottom and muscular thighs get the most attention, although I have to admit I've never really dressed to show them off. I'm not really old fashion but I normally used to be in the traditional south indian saree. My husband is a successful businessman so it hasn't really been necessary for me to work. He earns a lot so he has insisted that I will take care of the house. We have a daughter & a boy. They both were in the school.

It was that time only, I happened to meet Senthil. He is distant relative of my husband. He is related to my hubby's sis's. He might be around 27, highly energetic & masculine. When my hubby's sis came to India, she stayed at our house. That time, Senthil started to come to our house. He is a good looking person with good body and very charming face. He is very talkative by nature and cue some good jokes on the different topics. I was very much impressed with his personality.

As the time passed, his visit to our house became very regular, even after my hubby's sis's family left back abroad. He started to visit atleast once a week on weekend and used to stay the whole day with us. He got so much intimate with my family, that every one, even my husband started to accept Senthil as one among of our closed ones. Everyday, once my children went off to school and husband to the office, I would have a many hours alone at home. Now I had the company of Senthil. He used to come so frequently, as he was jobless, at that time. Senthil was always good to have around, helping me and keeping up some conversation. I seemed to be comfortable in talking with him & often Senthil used to mention that I had a good and warm voice. I seemed inquisitive and asked him about his daily routines, his time-passes & other details. This sort of conversation went on regularly for about a month, as almost once in two days, he used to come and apparently his sense of humor and frankness excited me. We used to have a wonderful conversation and he told me that he wanted to have a lady elder to him, as his girlfriend. I was surprised at his statement and I said that I too wanted a young man like him as my campanian, to share my desires & to make life more relaxed. And it became routine, for me to have Senthil at my house & I felt I miss him a lot at his absense.

It was after some days that I noticed that, while alone, Senthil started paying more than usual attention to my breasts. Being used to living alone, I was a little careless about my dress at home and on more than a few occasions, I found him peeping and staring at them. At first I thought, it must be only my imagination but when I observed and confirmed it, it excited me too in a strange way. In order to make sure that it was so, I sometimes intentionally let the pallu of my saree fall off while I bend to give him coffee or some cold drinks, so that he would have a good view. Invariably, his eyes would drop off and get fixed on them. I noticed that even while talking to me, his eyes made a regular stares on my succulent breasts. When he noticed me observing him staring like that, he would be embarrassed and then try not to look again. But again after some time, his eyes would repeatedly return to my boobs. After all, he is also a sex-starved young man, I thought and did not give it much thought. But since I fail to curtail those acts, it further encouraged him. Senthil became bold enough to give me that lustful look all the time when he was around with me... but I used to ignore his looks but still he would look longingly at my body and give me that "I want you looks". Senthil is only 9 years younger to me. He is fit, and shapely, not bad at all, he is about 6' tall, sexy, muscular, fair, has dark hair, and small little eyes....the first time I lay my eyes at him, I saw a deep lust and desire in his eyes for me, on many occasions I found him staring lustily at my tits.... Senthil's eyes were sending me those "I want you" messages for some time now, I was fully aware of the fact that my presence affect his cock tremendously that he is dying to fuck me, and that his dick gets erected each time I was in close proximity with him and he had eyes only for me, I saw his cock getting erected on many times when we were alone and how he tried to cover it with embarrassment. He would look admiringly at my body.....

I then realised that Senthil had hots for me.. .... I didn't give him much response, even though I cannot completely ignore him. The reason being, though my sex life is good, but as far as my view point is concern, I am not fully happy as my husband takes sex as a routine process. As my husband is in to the business of garment export, he frequently travels in and around India & abroad also. Because of that, the frequency of we both involving in sex had got reduced now-a-days. He is very rigid in his thinking and he is also very shy kind of person. He won't find sex as a pleasure of life and one has to enjoy it. He always do some kissing and then get roused and then he fucks me without doing any foreplay. When he discharged, he just go to bed. So I want some thing new in this routine life. I had lot of reading on Oral Sex and Anal sex and other aspect of different sex positions and other stuff like that. But due to our family and my husband, I was very much shy to talk about it with my hubby. I was always very much intrested on oral sex but he don't like it. Even I wanted to know some of the technique of self pleasure also. Any way, my sex life since my marriage, all these years, was without much excitement. But then, since Senthil's entry into my life, I find more thrilled deep in my heart, about his acts. But the fact that I am a married woman in a respectable family, has always prevented me from succumbing into his pressure. Finally I decided to make an end to this debacle. I don't want to continue still further, with lots of confusions & hesitations in my mind. So I asked Senthil to come the next day, as my husband would be away on a business trip & my children were already had gone to my mom's place for vacation. I told him that I needed to talk an important matter to him.

That day was a Thrusday, 10th May. I asked Senthil to come at around 11:00 in the morning. On that day, I wore a simple light blue printed saree with matching blouse. I wore one bangle, simple ear rings and a very thin and simple mangalsutra. I have decided to appeal more simpler before Senthil. And I ensured that our presence should be more private & alone. So, I had even send away the servant maid that day. Senthil came exactly at the time mentioned. He was wearing jeans and a shirt. We sat and made some polite conversation where we recounted some of the topics we had spoken about previously. But my body was wet to some extent, due to the sweating as well as due to the hesitation of how to start telling him. So I started asking him naughtily, "So, what do you think of me now?" Immediately Senthil replied, "You're more cute now than I saw you before." I got little embarrassed with his answer. But I smiled and slowly held his hand. I said, "I like your frankness.... I always see you as my close friend." I shook his hand and smiled. I thought this would be a better way to convey my thoughts. After a few seconds of silence, Senthil told me, "Its a pleasure to have a nice beautiful aunty like you, as my best friend" he smiled and gazed at me in a naughty look. After this exchange, silence again reigned. But he began to sneak peeks at me; I saw with my fine peripheral vision. Finally the point was reached. Atleast now, I should make my point clear. So with a determined thought, I asked him straightly, " Tell me- what do you want from me, why are you coming so often?". He didn't except a direct question like this from me. He paused for a while & looked at me. So I again asked him, "Come-on Senthil... Don't hesitate. You can come out frankly as no one is around. I need an honest answer from you..." I said. That sort of encouragement is enough for Senthil. And before I could stop myself, I found him saying " Nothing other than to be able to kiss u all over once.. You are a very beautiful woman and I think u should be loved the way you deserve, atleast once.."

I was shocked to hear this from Senthil. My breast were heaving up and down and in shock, a very light "oooooooohhhhhhhh" escaped from my lips. I asked him, "Only kiss.you promise you will not do anything else?", to which he said "I will not do anything that you do not want me to do, that's a promise." I don't know what to reply. So I told him "ok, we will see some other day."

Instinctively, Senthil stood up & leaned in front of me and asked me "why not right now Mami? Do you have an hour or so to spare?" I was speechless for a few seconds and then said "oh my god, this is so sudden, you should give me some time atleast to think about your proposal." To which Senthil came out directly & said "This is the right time Sakku mami... No one is around... I am ready for the test and we shall get inside the bedroom and start immediately, IF YOU WANT."

I couldn't make immediately any judgements. I couldn't believe that Senthil had so much guts to call me to the bedroom. But deep in my heart, I liked his guts. After a few more minutes of "oh no", "how can I." I somehow got convinced by him & he made me to start for the bed room. But I kept saying " I know I will not be able to stop with just kissing." over and over again. I knew what this may lead to but Senthil was quick enough to carry me over to the bedroom. Obviously, he didn't want to miss a chance like this. Once in the bed-room, Senthil switched on the AC and turned around me. I was trembling all over, my heart beatings racing up like anything......so he led me to the sofa and made me sit down. Then he offered me a glass of cold water from the refrigerator in the room. He then assured me he was a gentlemen and again said, "I will not do anything that you do not want me to do, that's a promise." I got bit relaxed by his statement. Slowly I came to the normal state. Then he gently began to stroke my hands. He took my palm into his hands & asked me, "Shall I kiss your beautiful palm?...." Now, the initiative was taken by him and believe it or not this time, there was no surprises for me and slowly accepted his offer. Senthil gave a gentle kiss on the back of my palm. This was the moment, the kiss on my palm send a current in my body and the heat was on, and the heat had percolated into my palms. Slowly I am getting ready for the eventuality. That moment, the phone bell ranged, which made us to come to our senses.

I stood up & went to pick up the phone but still I was rather unsteady and felt Senthil standing behind me to balance me when I took the phone hook. As I start to answer the call, Senthil gently rubbed the sides of my hips. I want to stop him doing that, so when I turned to tell him, the next thing I knew was his mouth was touching mine. The moment I turned around, Senthil grabbed me in a powerful embrace. His rock hard body was tight against mine and I couldn't help but be turned on by how well my breasts fit under his massive chest and above his rippling stomach. I couldn't talk, I was feeling this rush of sexual tension like I never felt in my life but at the same time knew it was wrong. But his powerful embrace held me tight as I couldn't escape his tight grasp. My whole body tensed as Senthil's warm lips touched mine. His lips were unlike those of my husbands, and even though I knew I shouldn't be doing this, I opened my mouth and we began kissing. Our lips melted together as if they were becoming one. He pushed his tongue into my mouth and pulled me close as he began to rub my bottom again. It felt sooo good. But I knew, I had to stop him. I tried to pull back but the empowering embrace made it impossible. I was beginning to lose control of my inner sexual power. I passionately licked his tongue back as we started to deeply kiss each other. I didn't think of my husband or anything else, as I was so turned on by this incredible sensation. We relentlessly ran our tongues across each other as we continued to be locked at the lips.

As we feverishly frenched, I could feel my inner thighs moisten as my angelic mound was gushing. Nothing else was on my mind but this powerful kiss. As he pulled his tongue from my lips, he started to lick my neck. His warm breath and wet tongue was triggering a deep sexual desire inside of me. Somehow I made it to break away from his kiss and muttered to him that I was married and we shouldn't do this and asked him to go out of the room. But Senthil, with his innocent face, whispered his apology in my ear and told me he was having trouble controlling himself because I looked so hot even in my simple dress, as I stood there before him. He said Uncle was a very lucky man to have a woman who looked and dressed like me and that he was sorry that I didn't want him, but he also understood. I felt sorry for him but he really knew what to say, and he was such a gentleman about it! And I was so horny!

I told him that it wasn't that I didn't want to, but I was married and had my own family. Senthil knew how I felt about him and he said that he fantasized me for a long time and don't want to miss such a lovely chance. He said that he will stop at any moment when I ask him & he said that altogether it would be a new experience for both of us. As good as it felt, I knew I couldn't let it go on much longer. But, at this point, I don't want to end this show so qiuckly. I don't know why but I said I will allow him to kiss me, as I don't want him to get disappointed. In my deep heart, I want to kiss him again. I opened my mouth to feel his tongue once more before he leaves. It was so long before I got encountered by my husband. I was just getting ready to break away again when he began to gently stroke my left breast through the soft material of my blouse. My Achilles heel. My breasts have always been very sensitive and my husband knows it's the quickest way to get me hot. It felt so good it made my knees weak. Just a few minutes longer and then I would stop him. I wasn't too worried because I knew I could just stop him anytime anyway, he wasn't being forceful at all but still a gentlemen. I convinced myself that it was just a little harmless petting, my husband would never know. Just a little harmless thrill.

It felt so good I had to let him continue. Senthil re-entered his tongue into my mouth as we started to kiss wildly again. I couldn't get enough of him as he again made his way down my neck. He began to grab intimately my succulent breast with his hands. His hands were on the buttons of my blouse. Already the pullu of my saree left my shoulders and were lying on the floor. I again tried to pull myself from this carnal spell but by this time he had unbuttoned my blouse and started kneading my boobs over the brasierre. Then he moved up the bottom of the brasierre, little exposing my nipples further as we kissed. He began to gently roll my nipples between his fingertips as I rubbed his muscular chest. This guy was gorgeous. Then he unclasped the strap of my bra, releasing my tight fun bags from my Black lase Bra . My ripe melons were beautiful and inviting. When he tried to lick and suck them, it startled me again. I started to pull him away so he increased his sucking to a point it felt to good to stop. I just couldn't beleive what I was doing and my mind was racing so fast. My knees started getting weak and I had to sit down on the edge of the bed. Senthil knelt down and took one of my inflated nipples into his mouth. His warm tongue licked across my swollen nipples, sending me into a sexual confusion. My cunt was so swollen and wet as he sucked my tits like they were his lifeline. Senthil sucked one by one. At this time, my body was so filled with passion, I became weak at the knees. Senthil had sucked my tits to the point of full erection. The blood rushed to this hot zone and filled my breasts. My ripe melons looked too huge in proportion to waist and expanded rib cage. Senthil licked my tits up and down and was starting to have his way with me.

Just a little longer I told myself, after all it had been months away from a masculine touch. For some reason it was such an exciting thrill to be this naughty with someone other than my husband, especially with a young, sex-starved hungry man. I felt like his pleasure piece of meat as he rested me on his couch. As I laid on my back, I could feel Senthi's hands begin to caress the silkiness of my inner thighs. When I didn't resist, his hand pulled the hem of my petty coat up and I could feel him softly begin massaging my pussy through the material. Direct contact, this is what I needed. I moaned. His hands pushed my legs farther apart and he gently cupped the soft moistness of my cunt through my pettycoat. I thought I would wet my pettycoat right there. It felt so good. I figured I would let him do this for a few minutes more and then I would have to make him stop. Senthil pulled the knot of my petticoat aside and he removed my Petty coat off, over my thighs. I felt like this was my last moment to stop this erotic heat. I also thought about the I may not get another situation to experience this young man. As passion continued to fill my hot zone, I couldn't help but wonder how it would feel to have another man taste my love and that thought sent my mind in a naughty fit of desire. By the time, his hand was now inside, with one of his fingers moving into the tight opening of my cunt. As my pussy got wetter and hotter, he just continued to insert more fingers. Finally I managed myself to moan, "Senthil, we have to stop, please!, I'm getting so hot, we shouldn't continue more!" Senthil responded by moving his mouth down my stomach and tried to mouth over my clit. My God! He was going to eat my pussy, something my husband has never done! When he began to press his mouth over my clit, I finally stopped him and told him we were getting carried away and I couldn't let that happen. Senthil said he understood and again promised me, he wouldn't do anything, I didn't want him to do and would stop when I said so. He promised me no one would know. I simply moaned that he shouldn't carry on further & should stop once for all, once he finished tasting my pussy. With that assurance, I lifted my hips to let him pull my petty coat, the rest of the way off. As Senthil took off my petty coat completely from me, the exotic feeling of being totally nude in front of another man sent a shiver up my spine as instinctively my legs spread open. The smell of my sex was thick in the air and my soaked pussy was looking for more. I just had to feel this sensation of his mouth on my opening.I lay back and Senthil began by slowly kissing the area around my labia before he began to lick my very wet cunt lips and clit. While he did this, he continued to pinch my nipples and move his fingers inside of me. I was in ecstasy as it was everything I imagined it would be. Senthil knew just what to do with a woman. Before long, I began to feel my orgasm build within me. He sucked and licked inside of me. I thought I was going to explode as Senthil took in all of what I had to offer. He licked me deeply as my pussy was on fire. My body was quivering and instinctively started to buck . Senthil was licking and sucking my g-spot and I was overcome by this sensual feeling erupting inside of me. I had never felt like this before. My tight little cunt was in spasm. He was sending my body into a sexual frenzy as his face was buried into my drenched pussy. I looked forward to the release that had been building for so long. My husband, very rarely makes me cum, so I was really looking forward to it and told myself I would stop afterwards. I needed it too bad. I was getting so hot now, I was moaning very loudly and didn't even notice him remove his pants and move up between my legs.

When I felt his lips touch mine, I opened my eyes to see Senthil above me and looked down to see him guiding his huge cock in between my quivering cunt lips. It was enormous and nearly twice the size of my husbands'. I trembled at the huge size, as he began to push the fat knob of the head into me. "Senthil no, stop, we can't..I'm not protected!", I screamed. His next response surprised me. He told me that he has two desires and the one desire was to feel his hard cock penetrate deep into my sweet married body. He passified me by saying, "Sakku mami, I promise I'll pull out..please...I have to feel inside of you for just a few moments, oh you, yes....feel...so gooood!", and he continued to piston a few more inches into me. I was horrified, He wasn't going to stop!!! He was going to fuck me! I protested again, "No, Senthil please!, don't please, please! I begged, "I can't.....I may get pregnant....... I'm ovuulatttingggg..ooohhhhhnnnoooo!". I felt bad for my husbands sake. I was his and his alone. Now, Oh God! Senthil's gigantic rod could do what it wished. I tried to squeeze my legs together, but I was too close, I was starting to cum already as he sank in further, stretching my cunt lips apart, already more than ever before. By this time, I couldn't control the passion I felt. My body was erupting, My tits were swollen, my love mound was panting and my inner core was begging for his dick to ram me. The thought of this gigantic cock inside of me, sent my body into a shiver. My body then betrayed me as my hips began to push and move against him with my building orgasm. I couldn't help it, I couldn't even speak. I could only moan. As Senthil's engorged head entered my shaft, I could feel my cunt stretch. I had never had another man break this plane. Till now, I was true to my husband and had never let another man enter my warm spread. I thought about the sanctity of marriage and how my husband's pleasure hole was being invaded. At this point, it didn't matter. As I thought briefly of my husband, I looked up at this finely tuned machine. His fully loaded love gun was gigantic and pulsating. I was so swollen and wet, he had to pull back and push forward a couple of times to stretch my tight cunt. My husbands custom fit hole was now being resized. He thrust in and out, sinking deeper into my pussy with every push until finally his entire shaft was into the hilt, filling me completly. His pubic bone ground flat against mine. I started to mouth a protest again when I felt his huge shaft push even deeper, until it touched my cervix at the opening of my womb. That did it. I exploded in my first real orgasm ever I thought I was going to pass out, as wave upon wave of pleasure went through my body. I screamed with ecstasy as Senthil pulsating ten inches easily past my husbands territory and slid deeper into its own. My legs were straight up in the air and my fingernails dug into Senthil's muscular arms as he landed all 10 inches of his rock hard sausage into my engorged cave.

When I finally recovered, I realized my pussy had adjusted to his huge size and his massive cock was sliding smoothly in and out of my wet slit. All thoughts of betraying my husband and my unprotectiveness were gone. I was in love with his huge cock. I had a fire inside my body that only a long, hard hose could extinguish. By now my innocence was gone and my once proud pussy took in his 10 inch pole like a pro. I needed it so bad. I bounced and bucked so hard, I thought this thick prick was going to rip me in half. My body finally had what it had been waiting for all days. I was moaning as Senthil slammed himself into me, bucking with the pure pleasure his cock was giving me. It was fantastic having such a large, powerful forbidden cock inside me. Tears of ecstasy raced down my face as I begged him to saw me in half. Confident my joy canal could take his wood, he slowly pulled it back and fourth to spread his wide load with my joy juice for lubrication. Senthil wasn't holding anything back and strongly ripped open my cunt with his rock solid wide 10 inch load. He pumped me fast and hard. I felt I was going in and out of conscience as he fucked me and I felt my second climax building up in my stomach very quickly. I was going to come again! Senthil's thrusting then got stronger and I realized he was about to cum too. I was somewhat disappointed because I knew he would have to pull out before I came again. I yelled him meakly, "Senthil, please pull before you cum...." But it was so close.

Then I felt it. The feeling that I've yearned for again every day since that moment. His whole body lurched forward and I felt the tip of his penis smash against my cervix. Senthil groaned loudly and shot the first spurt of his semen deep within me. My god, he wasn't pulling out! He was coming inside of me ! I was filled with both the feelings of ecstasy and terror. I tried to push him off , but it was too late. His hands were holding down mine and he was pushing into me with all the strength and intensity of his orgasm. What really surprised me is it felt so incredible! When my husband comes, it just dribbles out of him. But with Senthil, I could feel his hot sperm literaly shooting into me. At the same time my body also once again came, when Senthil filled me up with his pent-up passion juice. I came so hard I felt like someone let the air out of me. It fired with enough force and quantity, I could literally feel each forbidden jet hit my cervix and penetrate through my womb. "You said you..would pull out!", I gasped. Then I myself cried, "Oh...I..can feel it.. your coming...inside me...oh no.....oh no...not.now..oh,..feels..so good.. I'm comming..... ooohhhh.!", as my hips again involuntarily began to push hard against him. My cunt was pulsating as my body fought to ingest all of his love cream. The most intense orgasm I've ever had hit me as he continued to thrust and all I could do was grab his ass and pull him into me further. My entire conscience was focused on this pleasure between my legs now and I screamed with the greatest sexual experience of my life. Wave upon wave of ecstacy went through my body as I wrapped my legs around Senthil and pulled him into me deeper. It was wonderful. I could feel his seed pouring out of me and down the crack of my ass as he kept spurting. I couldn't believe there was so much of it. As the waves subsided, I could feel the hot warmth of his load spreading out into the depths of my body, searching for my eggs. I just lay there for a moment in a dreamlike state marveling at the feeling of what was happening inside of me.

When reality began to return, the fear of what I had done returned too. As I lay spread on the bed, this was a grudge fuck for Senthil and he won me. I looked down between my spread out legs to see the shiny coating of his seed, as it clung to the shaft of his cock still partially inside of me. What had I done. I began to cry. Senthil noticed and looked deeply into my eyes as he continued to slowly pump his now shrinking tool. As he did, I could feel more of his cum oozing out of my swollen pussy. "You said you would pull out......you promised! What if you got me pregnant, I will commit suicide, if my husband knows that you impregnant me...!", I whimpered. His response shocked me, "Sakku Mami I'm sorry, you looked and felt too good... I never imagined you would actually let me fuck you... its a dream come true for me... but mami...you didn't said you were fertile today....in that case, you shouldn't call me today... well... I just had to give you mine....Don't give way for negative thoughts.... even if you got pregnant, I shall take care to get it aborted!".

I paused and looked at him. It all became perfectly clear. Atleast, I shouldn't call him today... At that point it didn't matter anymore. It was done. I could never explain this to my husband. I got aroused and let this young man fuck me and shoot his sperm in me, directly at my unprotected eggs! I must anticipated before & should have made protections before. There are fair amout of chance, my eggs were probably being fertilized at that very moment. Senthil filled me with so much of his potent sperm, I knew I can be pregnant with his child.As I thought about how crazy all of this was, I realized my legs were still wrapped around him and Senthil was still gently thrusting his cock inside of me as he held me down. It really was a soothing feeling and even when he was soft, he was still larger than my husband. I looked up at him and realized my body was starting to respond again. He kissed me again very gently and began softly licking my nipples. To my surprise I could feel his member was beginning to get hard again. My husband had never been able to recover so fast. I knew I had to stop this time, just in case there was a chance it wasn't too late. I couldn't be so stupid to let him take me again! I let Senthil fuck me once and now he was starting to do it again. But as he continued, I realized I couldn't stop him. I was still very turned on by what I had done. It felt too good. I was getting exactly what I needed and didn't ever want it to stop. My hips again began to meet each of his thrusts. He released my hands and we began what turned out to be a very slow, even romantic fuck. We continued for a long time, as I blocked out all thought of everything except how wonderful his large cock felt pistoning in and out of my wet cunt. His big dick again filled me completely and was stretching my pussy to it's limits, something I knew that my husband will never be able to do. I had no idea sex with another man could feel so good. As we fucked, I had several smaller orgasms that seemed to just run together. I lifted my head up and began to suck the nipples on his chest. After a while Senthil panted, "I'm going to come again, should I pull out Shakunthala...?" My response still surprises me to this day. As another orgasm built up inside me, I begged, "No, come inside me Senthil, I want to to feel it...again..come inside of me...please!" He smiled, kissed me, and picked up his rhythm. Before long he stiffened, and again I felt him shoot an incredible load of his sperm into me, as I pushed my cunt up to meet each thrust. I could feel each jet hitting my cervix again which triggered another deep orgasm as it penetrated into my womb. When it hit me, I screamed and clawed at his back. It felt as if the whole world was whirling round; it was so wonderful. Even my nipples burned. God, it felt so wonderfully taboo to think I was letting another guy intentionally fuck me to his best. It was the ultimate betrayal of my husband and I had completely submitted to him in every way. I knew that this betrayal is what excited me and made my orgasm so intense.

When Senthil finally rolled off of me and pulled his long cock from my red and swollen pussy, I slowly sat up on my elbows and looked down at how totally fucked I looked. My dresses were bunched up around the bed and my soaked petty coat was hanging at a corner of the bed. My pussy was swollen and red and my pubic hair was matted and soaked with his cum. My breasts were red and covered with marks from his intense sucking. But what was really amazing, was the river of cum that was oozing from my stretched out opening and pooling on the bed beneath me. I grabbed a pillow and put it under my bottom to help elevate my womb. I wanted to keep it's warmth inside of me a little longer. I was so opened up as I lay there I wondered if I would ever be able to feel my husbands small cock inside of me again. Senthil laughed and assured me it would be our secret. After about 20 minutes, I staggered to my feet and the cum just ran down the insides of my thighs as I walked. I had never seen anything like it.

I knew I definitely need a break from this massive fucking session. So I jumped into the shower and cleaned up as well as I could. When I finished, I returned to see Senthil resting on the bed, with his wonderfully slimy cock lying peacefully across his stomach. I slipped on a nightgown that covered my red and swollen breasts, with no undies beneath it and came out of the room. I could feel Senthil's warm semen still leaking from my pussy. I kept asking myself how I could have let such a thing happen. I felt so naughty. I started fingering myself it made me so excited to think about it. I prepared some fresh juice passionately, so both of us will feel energetic. Still, Senthil was in the bed only. With excitement, I went back to my room. Senthil was sleeping with no fear, as if he was the master of the house. As I reach him, he finally woke up as we lay there in the darkness. He reached for me, took the juice and asked how I enjoyed the sex. I told him it was fine and now I don't feel anything bad at all in that. He seemed surprised and hugged me passionately and pressed me hard against his body & said, "Thanks mami.." He then just snuggled up next to me and rubbed my tummy saying we will try again for one more time.

As I sat up, I saw his massive cock, facing me, what now was bulging so hard that no fabric in the world was strong enough to hold it in. Senthil leaned in and whispered that his other desire was that my married mouth, around his mammoth pole. As the passion filled my body to the point of thrusting explosion, it urged me that if I were to suck Senthil's dick, I might be able to quench my thirst still further. I was looking up on a man whose muscular physique was complemented by the biggest dick I could ever imagine. I now saw his dick, more passionately and with more attention. It was a good ten inches long and had to be the size of a baseball bat wide. Senthil was fully erect and was waiting for my action. Up to this point, I never was very excited to go down but Senthil's massive meatpipe was very inviting. As I was gasping with erotic heat, I slowly moved in. I was out of control with my enlarged pussy screaming for action, I was totally turned on to this mammoth missile. My husband had nothing like this. So far, I haven't even sucked my husband's. So, like a magnate, I was being pulled in and the heat of my fiery passion that burned within, I couldn't stop. I leaned in and opened my mouth. Senthil inserted the swollen head of his shaft but it needed more room. I opened my mouth as far as I could and took in his head. Senthil moaned in delight, as I was fulfilling his every goal of conquest. I started to understand that I was becoming all that I despite but I couldn't control this primal need that I had. I needed to suck this dick so bad that I started to shiver. There was more than enough room for both of my hands, as I grasped this huge snake and relentlessly sucked. I bobbed my head back and fourth trying to mouth fuck this boy. I gave up on swallowing this massive unit since I hadn't had much experience in this area. I started to develop a rhythm of bobbing up and down then licking the side of this long cock.

I wanted to deep throat of Senthil but I didn't know how. Senthil sensed my inexperienced but pleading actions and grabbed my head and thrust. I felt this tremendous mount slide down my throat. As my gag reflexes kicked in, I retreated. Still holding his gigantic pole, I sat back and tasted this mixture of saliva and precum that filled my mouth. The taste of his love, the look of his love cannon and the sound of his approval, sent my body into a tidal wave of passion. I locked on to his rocket and sucked for all I was worth. As the feeling of his mighty sword sliding down my throat, I was shocked to see I only could take half of him. I began jamming my mouth on him as hard as I could. My mouth was opened as wide as possible, my lips were tight against that massive cock. I felt the huge head pass my tonsils and slide down my throat. His precum was lubricating my throat as I was determined to suck Senthil's dick. I wanted his dick any way I could take it. Senthil ordered me to suck his dick and I was obliging. This chauvinist pig was screaming for me to suck his huge cock and against all my normal thoughts I did, what I was told. I sucked his cock as fast and hard as I could. I knew my mouth could not do what my snatch could. The intense thoughts sent a rush through my body that I could not stop.As I continued to slid his huge mount in and out of my mouth, Senthil continued to tell me suck his dick. The thought of stopping didn't enter my mind as he had me under a spell. The feeling of my drenched cunt stretched to the max and sliding down on his pole was unbelievable. I took him in even fartherand was going down on his cock. I thrusted his big cock deep down my throat and sucking hard. I couldn't keep up anymore. The massive size of his cock was getting the best of me and I was slowing down. I thought Senthil's thick prick was going to come out of my mouth as he thrust his pelvis hard and pulled my twat down. I was so soggy that every thrust produces a splash and my entire body quivered with hot passion. Senthil sensed the urgency and pulled his monstrous crank from my mouth. Pre-cum dripped from my mouth as I cried for his cock. His eyes gleamed in delight while I begged for his cock. The excessive passion and draining fluids led me to the point of dehydration. He was close to shooting his wad as I left a sticky string of pre cum from the tip of his cock to my mouth. I had never tasted my husband yet I yearned for the salty fluid I drank from Senthil's mammoth staff. I gave him all I had and he was ready to set me loose. He then slid his thick prick deep inside my mouth, to where my husbands prick could only dream to get. At the same time my body came, Senthil filled me up with his pent-up passion juice. My cunt was pulsating as my body fought to ingest all of his love cream. I gulped all his love cream in my mouth. My mouth was filled with his cum and his cum was dripping from my lips down on to my breasts. Senthil then slowly kissed my lips with his cum on it and slowly bent down to kiss my breasts which was topped with his cum. He started to continued his operation downwards over my cunt and gave me a sizzling tounge fuck, until I climaxed again.

I caressed his face, ran my fingers in his hairs and pulled him up to lick my face. I was doing all this like an expert and was enjoying every bit of the proceedings. Then I whispered me not to disclose this to anyone, as that will ruin both our life totally. Senthil told me that he was not a fool and that if I will give him similar attentions in future, then he will be more than happy. I promised to do so and revealed that I had never enjoyed fucking of this standard ever before in my life and that I want to experience it again and again. We hugged and kissed each other, in a more relaxed mood and went off to sleep in each others arms. Surely, it's an experience for me of life time. Then we planed properly for the next visit & enjoyed seeking pleasure from each other. Whenever my husband & my children were away, I would call his moble & would ask me to come to my place. Senthil used to come to my house, directly in to my bed room and ready for action. His lessons were so great.

The next month I missed my periods. Yes I was pregnant. I was going to be a mother at the age of 36. I am sure Senthil will love this but I need to abort it. I can't keep his child in my womb. Already I am mother of two. Moreover my husband will surely come to know about our affair. So I decided to get it aborted. Senthil took me to a doctor and secretly aborted the foetus. But still, I am contining my sexual relationship with Senthil. This has happend last year and since then we have been meeting secretly. We did it again and again over the weekend as our lust appeared insatiable. Thereafter we started making love frequently. Our sexual encounter have become so wild that I have almost become his TOTAL SLUT. Both Senthil's family as well as my husband, does not know of our sexual relationship and I continue my intense sex life with him. We have tried many variations and of late Senthil enjoys fucking my anus. Once, Senthil had fucked me 6 times in a single day. It was really intense. I enjoy him with my full vigour. No body ever knew what is happening between us, and whenever we do get moments of privacy, we fully encash them by making love and we do still cherish our first intercourse.

