The Arena is actually miles outside of Las Vegas, nestled in the foothills of the mountains. There are no high walls around the perimeter, no electrified fences, but they’re hardly necessary with sheer rock face at the building's rear and a seemingly endless stretch of desert in the remaining three directions. It would take someone hours to walk out of here on foot—no running in the desert sun—and surely by then they’d be tracked and cornered. A car would help them make a fast getaway, but there’s only one road and Sam thinks that, in the end, it would be safest to fly.

He pulls at the collar of his tux and wonders if Bela has a helicopter pilot on call.

Bela lays a hand on his forearm. The bruises on her wrist are only partially concealed by the clunky monstrosity of a bracelet she’s wearing. “Remember, tonight is just reconnaissance,” she reminds him as the limousine inches closer to the front door, fourth in a line of luxury vehicles now.

“I remember,” Sam says shortly. He drops his hand and stares out the window at their destination. From the outside, the Arena looks like nothing more than a fancy estate, built in a sprawling ranch style with three or four horses milling around in an enclosure to one side.

Appearances can be deceiving, though, and Sam knows for certain that there’s more to this place than he can see because the cars ahead of them keep disappearing into a garage that looks barely big enough to hold two cars at the same time. The building isn’t flush with the mountain, so he can only figure that the real garage is underground. There’s probably a car lift inside that small building, specifically installed to lower the guests’ vehicles one by one into something more closely resembling a parking garage.

Looking at the house, Sam guesses that the actual fighting ring is probably subterranean as well. All the better to hide it if anyone official gets curious and comes out here for a peek.

“You’re going to see some things you aren’t going to like,” Bela warns.

Sam snorts and doesn’t reply.

“You need to keep your temper. You aren’t going to do Dean any good if you get us both shot.”

“I’ll be fine,” Sam says without looking at her. It’s a lie: he has no idea what he’s going to do when he finally sees Dean after all this time, but he’s pretty sure it won’t be very rational. He just has to hope that he’ll be able to cover any mistakes he makes.

Their limousine pulls up in front of the main doors and a man in a smart black uniform opens Sam’s door for him. Sam unfolds himself from the car and then extends a hand in for Bela. He doesn’t doubt he’ll see more upsetting things inside, but this right here is going to be the most disgusting part of the night hands down: playing Bela’s escort. Pretending that he actually likes her.

Bela takes his hand and lets him help her out, offering a gracious smile to the uniformed man still holding the door open. “Bela Talbot and guest,” she says, and the man nods.

“Right this way, madam.”

Sam does his best to project bored, rich asshole as he escorts Bela up the short row of steps and in through the front door. There aren’t any suspicious looks—nothing but a fawning servility that’s going to get on his nerves fast—so he figures he’s doing a good job. Long years of practice with his father and Dean allow him to hold that mask while scanning his surroundings for the information they’re going to need. So far, he’s only seen the foyer and he isn’t feeling very optimistic.

There’s something that’s either a metal detector or an x-ray machine imbedded in the front doorframe. It’s concealed enough by the wood-colored paint not to be readily noticeable, but Sam is looking and he catches the tiny glint of the red operating light. Bela’s insistence that neither of them come armed suddenly makes more sense.

There are three cameras that Sam can see, which means that there are probably at least two more than he can’t. They’re all aimed at different areas of the foyer, transmitting images of Vincent’s milling guests back to some distant central brain.

Most worrying, though, is the fact that while some of the men in the black uniforms don’t seem to be any more than hired help, there’s a significant peppering who hold themselves in a way that reminds Sam of his father, and Dean, and all of the other career hunters he’d ever met. Men who know how to handle themselves. Who know how to spot a potential problem and take it out. Sam can’t tell for sure if they’re armed or not, but men like that usually are.

He’s so busy noticing the pertinent details that the opulence of his surroundings goes pretty much unnoticed. He moves forward with Bela on his arm and the faint impression of gleaming wood and golden fixtures; of dark paneled walls and luxuriant potted plants and imposing statues and paintings hung in ornate, hand-carved wooden frames. The other guests are greeting each other in shiny, fake voices—kiss on the cheek, hand brushing lightly on an arm. There’s the scent of expensive perfume in the air and the sparkle of light on jeweled necks.

Bela guides him through it all, taking him unerringly to an unassuming section of wall where a dark-haired, broad-shouldered man stands at attention. His nose is bent in the middle, an obvious sign of having been broken and badly set, and from the bruising around his flat, grey eyes, it’s a recent injury.

Did Dean do that? Sam wonders as they draw up in front of the man. There’s no reason even to suspect it, but somehow Sam is certain he’s looking at his brother’s handiwork.

“Bela,” the man says. “Didn’t expect to see you for another month.” His eyes slip to Sam and narrow a little. “Who’s the muscle?”

The question wipes away the flash of Bela-flavored suspicion that the man's first words aroused. Sam hasn’t considered the fact that the professional men in Vincent’s employ would recognize him as easily as he does them. He tenses, worried that he’s blown their cover before they’ve had a chance to get anywhere, and Bela tightens her hold on his forearm.

“I’m here as a spectator tonight, Hank,” she says easily. “And this is Simon. I know he looks fierce, but he’s perfectly harmless.” She beams up at him. “I found him in Rome, of all places.”

“He don’t look Italian,” Hank observes sourly.

“I’m not,” Sam answers. “I was doing a semester abroad with Harvard.” Rolling his eyes over toward Bela, he asks with an annoyed sneer, “Is the help supposed to be talking to us this way?”

Hank bristles as Bela laughs. “Sorry about Simon, Hank: he’s a little temperamental.” Turning her attention up to Sam, she explains, “Hank isn’t help, darling: he’s a business associate.”

“What kind of business?” Sam asks. It’s only half in character. Now that he’s over his scare, his thoughts are returning to Hank’s greeting, and he wants to know what Bela was supposed to be doing here next month.

“None of yours,” Bela answers before Hank can say anything, and then gives him a kiss on the cheek. Sam supposes it’s supposed to mollify him, and he can’t really see any way that a spoiled rich kid would care one way or another, so he shrugs.

“Sorry,” he offers to Hank.

Hank eyes the width of Sam’s shoulders, the bulk underneath his tuxedo, the competent way he’s holding himself, and looks unconvinced. “You don’t look like some college boy,” he notes.

Sam’s mouth tilts up into a wry smile that’s unfaked because the truth of the matter is, he was a college boy. Maybe not right now, maybe not ever again, but he was. He sat in Stanford’s dining hall and brushed elbows with boys who lived the life that he pretends to tonight. One boy in particular he thinks of now: Alan Cross of Cross Athletics, the third largest athletic supplier in the country, and Sam’s partner in his Chemistry lab sophomore year. Alan, who was even bigger than Sam and into ultimate fighting. He didn’t look like a college boy either.

“Just because I have a brain doesn’t mean I don’t know how to take care of myself,” Sam says. He heard the same line coming from Alan’s mouth more times than he can count. Then, because the words sounded a little more threatening than he meant them to, he adds, “I box. Varsity.”

Like a flipped switch, the caution in Hank’s eyes shifts to scorn. “Varsity, huh?” he laughs. “You wanna go a few rounds, Harvard?”

“Play nice, boys,” Bela says, stepping between them. She has one hand on Sam’s chest, like that’s going to stop him from wiping the floor with this asshole if he wants to. Sam blinks as the force of his hate penetrates. There’s no reason those few words should have gotten to him like that: no reason for the open scorn to have ignited his rage.

But he’s spoiling for a fight: has been since he got into the car tonight. These fuckers have Dean, they’ve been forcing him to fight, to kill. Sam wants to light the house on fire and leave the bastards inside to burn. He wants to reach out and take the gun he can see outlined underneath Hank’s jacket and unload the entire clip into his smug, hateful face.

For a moment, the rage spins out of control inside of him, and then he goes blackly, icily cold. Because he’s getting Dean back, and he isn’t going to let his own, weak emotions get in the way of that.

“Sorry, Bela,” he says. Then, flicking his eyes back to Hank, he offers, “Some other time.” There’s no reason for ‘Simon’ to be polite to the man, after all. Besides, it’s nothing but the truth. He and Dean aren’t leaving here without taking these bastards apart.

You hurt him, Sam thinks, eyes dipping to Hank’s healing nose. There’s a vague sensation of something in his head turning over and the room … Bela … Sam himself … disappear. Hank is still there, but it’s a different place (when) and he’s standing over Sam’s brother.

Dean is chained, kneeling on the floor of a cramped room with his neck and hands and feet locked into position, and Hank is kicking him. Heavy, solid kicks to Dean’s ribs that drive the breath from Dean’s mouth, that push anything sane or rational from his eyes and send him snarling up from the floor, chains ripping free from the wall and floor where they were moored. Dean still doesn’t have full use of his arms and legs all the same, not enough range of motion when his wrists and ankles are chained together, but he manages to slam his forehead into the bridge of Hank’s noise.

There’s a brittle cracking sound and then the hallway—the now—floods back in. Whatever happened—vision, daydream, who the fuck knows—it doesn’t seem to have taken any time because no one is staring at Sam like he has two heads.

Hank is still wearing that superior little grin as he nods and says, “Sure,” and for a moment Sam thinks he won’t be able to hold himself back, he’s going to launch himself on this son of a bitch and it’ll all be over. But then the man turns around, offering Sam his back, and the rage subsides.

Hank slides open a small panel in the wall and Sam catches a glimpse of the keypad inside before the man’s shoulders block his view. There are five high-pitched beeps—a code—and then a larger portion of the wall slides back to reveal the interior of an elevator, golden sides polished and gleaming.

“Enjoy the show,” Hank says, and tips Sam a grin as Bela pulls him into the elevator. “I’m sure it’ll be more entertaining than anything you’ve seen at Harvard.”

“You’d be surprised what I’ve seen,” Sam says, and then the door slides shut.

Bela is on him immediately, pushing him up against the wall and biting at his jaw. Stunned, Sam just stands there and lets her maul him for a few seconds. He’s on the verge of shoving her away when he realizes that there’s the red light of a camera watching them and then Bela starts hissing at him under her breath.

“What the fuck was that?” she demands, licking at his throat. “You’re supposed to be part of the clientele, Sam, not some common street ruffian.”

Sam grips her arms and ducks his head down to nuzzle at her neck beneath the curtain of her hair. It makes him sick to have his mouth this close to her skin, but he shoves the nausea away to answer, “He was being an asshole. I channeled my inner Vanderbilt. Deal with it.”

“Fine,” Bela snaps back, giving him a vicious bite to his ear. “But you have to control your temper from now on, or you’re going to blow our cover and then Dean will spend the rest of his natural life—which I can assure you will be very, very long—as Vincent’s prize pet.” She turns her head, catching his lips in a bruising, angry kiss, and then steps back as the doors ding open.

Sam follows her out into a narrow hallway with his lips sore and his ear stinging where she bit him. He can taste her in his mouth, the waxy taint of her lipstick, and has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from spitting in disgust. When this is all over, he’s going to take a long, scalding shower and then curl up with Dean. And Dean can just suck it up and let Sam hold him for a few days because he fucking deserves it after what his brother has put him through.

Then Sam steps out into the Arena proper and all he can think is that, whatever he was expecting, it isn’t this.

At first glance, the Arena looks like some strange mating of opera house and oversized hamster ball. Then he realizes that, while the opera comparison isn’t that far off—the raised structure he’s standing on resembles nothing more than the balcony section, complete with rows of cushioned, red velvet seats—the hamster ball part is all wrong.

Because while the structure rising up into the center of the seats is rounded, it’s made of metal mesh, not plastic. And as Sam moves further into the room, he can see the white mat of the floor, almost twenty feet below and completely enclosed by the cage. He presses past Bela, moving right up to the edge of the balcony, and leans over. There are no seats below: only darkness and open space surrounding the lit circle of the cage. He thinks he can see the smear of bloodstains on the mat.

Some of that blood is his brother’s.

Someone touches his arm. Bela at his shoulder like the proverbial devil. “Sam,” she starts.

“I’m fine,” he interrupts, voice harsh. And he is. He feels colder—harder—than he has in months. Dean is here somewhere, Dean is close enough that Sam’s skin is prickling with the awareness of his brother’s presence, and if it is the last thing he does, Sam is going to pull him out of here and then burn the place to the ground. Salt the fucking ashes.

“Bela!” a voice calls from behind them.

Schooling his face, Sam glances over his shoulder to find a short, bearded man in a bright blue suit making his way toward them down one of the isles. There are already a few people here, sitting in their seats and sipping glasses of champagne, and more coming in through the front entrance, and this guy is nodding and waving cheerfully at all of them. He doesn’t stop on his path over, though, coming to a stop just out of reach.

“I was surprised to get your message,” he says. His eyes are the color of newly minted dollar bills, and he flicks them over Sam in an assessing manner. “There wasn’t a problem with the payment, was there?”

“No,” Bela assures him. “Everything’s fine. My new friend Simon has an interest in the sport, though, and naturally I thought of you.”

The man looks at Sam again, and this time his smile is a little warmer. “So, you’re Bela’s latest catch, eh?” he says, taking a step nearer and holding out his hand. “Vincent Camargo.”

Sam’s vision fogs over with red. He sees himself as if from a distance reach out and take the man’s hand. Shake it twice and then release.

“Simon Carver,” Sam says, and thinks, I’m going to kill you. He forces himself to smile, bottling all of the rage into compact, burning determination. “Nice set up you’ve got here. I’d love to get a closer look, if that’s allowed.”

Vincent laughs. “For a friend of Bela’s, I’m sure we can arrange a tour.” He rubs his hands together briskly and then says, “Well! You’ll be wanting your usual seat, yes?”

“Of course,” Bela agrees, and they follow Vincent around to a private box.

“We’ve got something special tonight,” Vincent announces as they sit down. “You’ll have to tell me what you think after.”

“Actually, I was hoping to arrange a private audience tonight—for Simon. I realize that you’re probably booked well in advance, but we’re only in town for a few days and I promised him a treat.”

Vincent’s mouth twitches. “And here I always thought you were the jealous type,” he says, whatever the fuck that’s supposed to mean. Then his eyes catch on something over their heads and Sam can feel his attention shift. “I’ll see what I can work out,” he promises, already striding away to speak with a tall, graying man who can’t seem to stop playing with his moustache.

“Thank God it worked,” Bela murmurs. “I thought for sure he’d recognize you: Protean charms aren’t terribly powerful, but I didn’t want to risk bringing anything stronger past Vincent’s wards.”

Sam stares at her blankly and she brushes the set of cuff links she gave him before they left the Bellagio. Or maybe she’s just indicating the tiny, clear stones the cuff links are set with. “Protean charms,” she tells him. “They subtly alter the way that the wearer is perceived. It isn’t much, but it should be enough that no one will recognize you.”

Of course. Sam doesn’t know why it didn’t occur to him before, but Vincent would surely know what Dean’s brother looked like. He considers being angry with himself for being too worked up over Dean to consider that—he could have blown their cover, could have screwed everything up—but anger isn’t going to solve anything. Besides, this is the end game, here on the other side of months alone and aching, and there’s no room inside of Sam for anything but the steel of determination.

He turns over the conversation with Vincent in his mind, looking for anything useful. He doesn’t know how Bela thought she could lie to him without him finding out eventually: everyone here obviously recognizes her, and she had to know that he’d notice that when she was lying about knowing what was happening to Dean. Which means that she really was just doing it for her own amusement—for the sake of enjoying his reaction when he found out. Twisted bitch.

Reaching over to her seat, Sam takes her hand like the besotted boy he’s pretending to be and then grips as hard as he can. Bela lets out a little gasp but doesn’t show any other sign that anything’s wrong. Smiling, Sam leans over and whispers, “Usual seat?”

“Breaking my hand isn’t going to get you answers, but it will make it more difficult to get Dean out,” Bela says.

“I’m not breaking anything,” Sam answers. “It hurts like hell, but you’ll still be able to move all your fingers. Now, you’re going to clear things up for me, and I don’t want to hear any more of your lies.”

“I didn’t lie to you, Sam.” Bela says tightly. “Vincent moves the Arena around every few months. Makes it more difficult to trace. Last month he was in Morocco. Two months before that, it was London. I had no way of knowing which location he was using now.”

“But you’ve been to one of his Arenas before,” Sam presses. “You went to see Dean.”

Bela gives him an unreadable look. “Your brother is a fascinating man.”

Sam opens his mouth to ask about the payment business, and whatever she’s supposed to be doing here in a month, and then the lights are lowering. Bela uses his momentary distraction to snatch her hand away, leaving him gripping air.

An excited murmur starts up around the balcony, filling the darkness. From below, there’s the grinding noise of a machine working—of metal sliding against metal—and it can’t be anything but the door to the cage opening. A moment of near-silence, interrupted only by the shuffling noises that fill any theater after lights down, follows and then the door clangs as it’s closed again. A spotlight flashes on abruptly, illuminating the cage.

There are three men on the center of the mat, none of them Dean. Only two of them look like fighters: clad in bright, lycra shorts and carrying short lengths of chain. The third man is wearing a suit and holding a microphone in one hand. Sam tunes out the booming introduction in favor of pursuing his line of questioning.

“What’s going on, Bela? Payment for what? What’s happening next month?”

“You don’t think that Dean’s the only thing I’ve procured for Vincent, do you?” Bela responds. Now that he isn’t hurting her, her voice is light again: carefree mask back in place. “I’m on a monthly retainer. Whatever supplies he needs that can’t be obtained through normal channels, I acquire for him. It’s a very simple business arrangement.”

“And you helping me get Dean back, that’s not going to screw this up for you?”

Bela gives him a patient look. “There are more things to life than money, Sam.”

Yeah, Sam knows that. He just doesn’t think Bela does.

But then a loud buzzer sounds and Sam’s attention is drawn down to the fight that’s beginning below them. It isn’t pretty: two men whipping chains at each other is never going to be pretty. There’s something even uglier about this, though: something about the entire thing that turns Sam’s stomach. The bellowed pain, the blood that flows out to dampen the mat, the anticipatory mutters of the audience. It feels dirty, and demeaning, and wrong. Sam has always tried to believe the best of people, but sitting here in the dark he can’t quite remember why that is.

When the fight is finally over, one of the men is down and cradling his right leg, which looks broken in two places. After a few moments when the victor whirls his chain through the air, four lights—a red and green shine that reminds Sam of Christmas—gleam out from the railing in front of Sam. He glances over at Bela and without looking at him she says, “Red for death. Green for life.”

Sam immediately reaches out and presses both of the green buttons. Bela’s mouth twitches. “What’s wrong? Don’t trust me, Sam?”

That goes without saying, so he doesn’t respond.

A moment later, the white light illuminating the arena floods green. Sam blinks, surprised, as the winner snaps his chain one final time before bowing to an appreciative round of applause. It’s the decorous restraint of the clapping more than the loser’s reprieve that startles him. Such a normal, civilized sound. Like these people weren’t just howling for blood like a raving mob.

Two men in black run out onto the mat and half-drag, half-carry the loser out of the cage. There’s a pause to mop up one or two slick spills of blood, and then the announcer comes back out, followed by two new fighters. There aren’t any weapons involved this time, but it isn’t any cleaner with just their fists. There aren’t any rules here, just winning.

As one of the fighters grabs his opponent's balls and squeezes, Sam averts his eyes and asks, “How many fights are there?”

“Three, normally,” Bela answers. “Two to work the audience up and then the main event.”

Dean, Sam thinks, glancing back at a particularly excited roar from the crowd. One of the fighters—the one who just had his balls crushed—has the other man’s head by the hair and is smashing his face into the side of the cage. There’s only so much of that kind of thing anyone can take, and when the fighter finally drops his opponent, the man crumples to the mat in a dazed heap.

Once again, four lights gleam in the darkness and after a few moments there’s another wash of green over the cage. Although he’s relieved to see the color, Sam can’t shake the feeling that the men and women around him are saving their hunger.

Saving it for Dean.

Vincent strolls out onto the mat as his men do a quick wipe-down around him, one of the black-clad men helping the dazed fighter out. There’s no microphone in his hand, but there must be one clipped to the lapel of his suit because when he speaks, his voice booms out through the darkness.

“Esteemed guests,” he greets. “Ladies … gentlemen …” His eyes lift up to the place where Sam and Bela sit and he inclines his head in a short nod. “ … colleagues …” Turning in a slow circle, he continues, “Welcome. Welcome to the Arena. You all know that I’m not much for showmanship—” He pauses while the room fills with polite laughter and then, grinning, continues, “—so I’ll get straight to the blood.”

Through the open door in the cage, three men tumble into the arena in an impressive display of acrobatics. They’re barefoot and bare-chested, wearing bright, loose-fitting pants and back scabbards. They’re alike enough in body and face that Sam suspects they’re related—cousins if not brothers—and the easiest way for him to tell them apart is by the color of their pants—yellow on the first, red on the second, and blue on the third. They take up positions in a triangle around Vincent, drawing swords—katanas—from their sheathes with easy familiarity.

“Let me introduce the Flying Dragons,” Vincent says, and swords twirl and gleam in the light. “They have studied their craft from boyhood, savants of sword and acrobatics, and today they are the highest paid assassins in the eastern hemisphere. They have heard of our marvel, and wish to test their blades against the power of night.”

He gestures to the cage door with a flourish and on his signal two men enter. They’re each carrying a lead of shining silver, trailing back from their hands to … Dean. His head is lowered, but his shoulders are held at a tense, defiant angle. He’s wearing the same loose, flowing pants as the Dragons and nothing else. The black fabric is startling against his pale skin, making him almost seem to shine in comparison. His hair is longer than Sam remembers it ever being: not down to his neck, not long enough to get into his eyes, but shaggy. Wolfish. He moves with a sharpness that Sam doesn’t remember, flinching edgily at the roar of approval from the crowd above, and he’s unmindful of the chains fettering his wrists. Of the collar banding his neck.

He isn’t wearing the amulet.

Sam’s chest clenches and he grabs at the arms of the chair in a reflexive attempt to keep himself from falling as the world drops out from under him. Months of searching and he hasn’t once let himself think about the amulet: about what it would mean to Dean if his abductors took it away from him. There’s a cold, calculating part of him that expected this, but it’s drowned out momentarily by the remnants of the boy he once was: the boy who ran to his big brother when he tripped on the sidewalk and scraped his knees. The boy who believed that Dean would always be there for him, larger than life and brighter than the sun.

As the handlers lead Dean to Vincent’s side and unchain him, Sam wonders whether there’s anything left of his brother to save.

“He comes to us from the farthest reaches of time and myth,” Vincent recites. “The soul and ferocity of a wolf chained to the body of a man. The Fenrir.”

Dean’s head comes up with a jerk to scan the balcony. The audience has to have seen this before—most of them, anyway—but there’s a collective gasp at the movement, and Sam can hear his own harsh exhalation among them.

Dean’s eyes—those beautiful, blazing eyes that Sam can’t quite picture in his memory anymore—aren’t green but amber. They flash in the lights: inhuman. Dean’s face looks leaner than Sam remembers, and his expression is intent. Hungry. His muscles bunch and he rolls his shoulders, restless, only to quiet at a touch from Vincent’s hand.

Vincent slides his hand up from Dean’s shoulder to the back of his head, pressing, and Dean sinks obediently to his knees. He leans forward on his hands, bowing his head and baring his neck to the room. There’s something inked between his shoulder blades in shocking, dark lines, and Sam shivers uncontrollably as he stares at it.

The tattoo has been done in a tribal style, all lines and jagged edges, but the wolf at the center is clear enough. Toothed, ebony threads surround the wolf in a cage of thorned vines, and Sam thinks there might be runes interwoven with the rest of the design. The whole thing reeks of ritual.

“I have caged his power with my mark, and he is mine to command,” Vincent boasts. He’s crouched beside Dean, his hand stroking over Dean’s head like he’s nothing more than a prized hunting dog. “I give him to your wishes on this night. I dedicate him to the lords of war.”

Taking his hand off of Dean, he stands again and pulls something out of his pocket. When he raises his hand to dangle the object high over his head, Sam squints and realizes that it’s a pair of black goggles.

“Tonight,” Vincent announces, moving to stand behind Dean. “The Fenrir fights blind.”

Sam is half out of his seat before Bela can pull him back down, but his shout of denial is drowned out by the crowd’s approving roar.

“You do this now and he’s stuck here,” she hisses, nails digging into his arm. Sam knows she’s right, and the thought of Dean living out the rest of his life like this is enough to cut through the surge of hateful rage choking out his reason.

Jerking his arm from Bela’s grip, he leans forward against the railing and looks back down into the cage in time to see Vincent exiting. As the door swings shut, Sam reminds himself that Dean is too valuable for Vincent to kill, no matter how overwhelming the odds look right now.

Dean is wearing the goggles, those gold eyes hooded, and he’s on his feet again, still in a way that only wild animals can manage. His head is cocked to one side, and Sam can practically feel his brother listening: all of his attention focused on the one useful sense left to him. Trying to mark out his opponents, surrounding him in a deadly triangle with their katanas raised.

There’s no buzzer to signal the beginning of the fight, only the sound of the door clanging shut and the sudden rush of the Dragons toward Dean.

Dean ducks Red’s swipe and catches Blue’s wrist with his right hand. Yellow swings his blade on a slanting arc and catches Dean across the chest in a shallow cut that draws a thin line of beading blood.

Dean’s lips draw back in a silent snarl and he steps back, out of the path of Yellow’s second swing, and as he moves he twists Blue’s wrist. The man makes a hurt cry and drops the sword. Dean whirls, rolling to one side as Red takes a swing at his head and shoving Blue into the path of the blade. The katana bites deeply into the side of the man’s neck and there’s a brilliant spray of red. Sam can tell from the force of the blood that the wound is fatal, but Dean’s hands fasten on the man’s head anyway, twisting it sharply to one side. The sound of breaking bone is lost amid the crowd’s hungry roar, and Yellow uses the cover of the noise to open Dean’s side.

Dean’s unbelievably fast, pulling away at the first sting in his flesh, but the damage is already done and he’s dripping a steady stream of red down onto the mat. Sam wants to scream at the crowd to shut up already, but there’s no need. After a moment, they realize that the sound of their enjoyment is hampering the show and they restrain themselves to a low, excited murmur.

Dean uses the near-silence to put some distance between himself and the two remaining Dragons, sprinting away from the center of the mat and putting his back against the wall of the cage. With one hand pressed against his side, he turns his head from side to side blindly, tracking the faint sounds of movement as the Dragons edge after him.

They’re more cautious this time, taking care to move silently and staying out of reach. They pepper him with thin cuts he can’t avoid, one of them feinting in and sending Dean dodging into the other’s sword. It isn’t long before they’ve forced Dean away from the safety of the wall.

Sam tenses as he realizes that they’re herding Dean toward the body. Dean’s hearing in uncanny, but even he can’t hear the dead, and in a few moments he’s going to trip over the body and Red and Yellow are going to cut him wide open. Sam’s about to yell a warning and fuck his cover when Dean turns sharply, ducking underneath a vicious swipe of Yellow’s blade, and jumps clean over the body. He lands in a low crouch on the other side and twists his head back to listen for pursuit.

For a few moments, Sam stares with his mouth hanging open. The audience has forgotten itself and broken out into thunderous applause again, but this time Dean is ready for it and he keeps well away from the pursuing Dragons despite the roar of sound. Sam watches his brother keep well out of range and wonders for the first time if this is faked.

There’s no way that Dean could have known that body was there: no way he could be keeping away from his opponents now. Not unless he can actually see through those goggles. Then Dean tilts his head up in eerie mimicry of a motion Sam has seen from Bobby’s dogs hundreds of times.

Holy hell, he’s tracking them by scent.

Dean smelled the body—the blood—and moved to avoid it. The same way he’s moving to avoid the remaining two Dragons now. That’s why he’s staying so far away from them: his sense of smell isn’t good enough to know where the katanas are—for that he needs to be able to hear.

It isn’t possible, what Dean’s doing. Not for anything human, anyway. Sam has never seen his brother like this, not even in those dark days after their father’s death, but he remembers talking with John while Dean was asleep in the bed behind them. Manning, Colorado, that was, and John’s eyes kept sliding over to Dean, wistful and longing for the very thing Dean was desperate not to give in to.

John told him then, everything that Dean hadn’t. Told him about the night in the woods with the goblins, and how goddamned perfect Dean had been: like a force of nature, a whirl of muscle and blade that the goblins hadn’t been able to touch, hadn’t been able to flee from. Told Sam how strong Dean would be if he accepted the gift he’d been offered instead of fighting it tooth and nail.

Sam listened because he was hungry for knowledge: wanted to know everything he could about those years apart, the ones Dean refused to talk about. He listened and then he said, coldly, ‘Nothing’s worth losing your humanity. Nothing.’

But watching Dean now he can understand how John might have fooled himself into believing that this was worth it. There’s something about the sheer impossibility of the way that Dean moves that draws him in. Something free and unfettered in the feral gleam of his teeth.

It makes the metal band circling Dean’s neck that much more horrible to look at. Sam’s suddenly overcome with the need to see his brother like this under the open sky, golden eyes glinting and muscles awash with silver moonlight. He’s blindsided by an image of Dean sprinting through the woods, bare chest dappled by the interwoven branches of the trees above: Dean moving like a whirlwind after anything foolish enough to threaten his territory. As beautiful and untouchable as the moon.

Then he thinks of Dean blowing bubbles in his Coke with a wicked gleam in his eyes because he knows it annoys the hell out of Sam, of Dean flicking cold French fries at him across the table, or unscrewing the top of the salt shaker a little before handing it over, and the wave of loss that washes over him is so strong that he can’t help from making a little, hurt noise that is lost amid the last, lowering remnants of the crowd’s roar.

Sam is still struggling to shove that pain aside when Red gets impatient and rushes his brother. The crowd has all but silenced itself by now, and Yellow yells a rebuke but it’s too late. There are well over a dozen small gashes on Dean’s torso, and the wound in his side is still bleeding sluggishly, but he moves like he hasn’t been touched, stepping to one side and grabbing the man as he goes past.

Dean’s hands slide down Red’s forearm, where he caught him, and find his wrist. He grips the pressure points Dad taught them would release all the muscles in a man’s hand and Red’s hand jerks open. This time, Dean darts forward and catches the falling blade in an unbelievable movement that has the audience on their feet and cheering again. Keeping one hand on Red’s wrist to mark the man’s location, Dean adjusts his grip on the blade and then swings it in a short arc.

The man’s stomach opens, spilling out his insides onto the mat. He’s screaming shrilly, audible even over the crowd, and Dean lifts his hand from the man’s wrist to feel blindly for his face. He pats his cheek twice in a hesitant, almost innocent gesture, and then swings the blade again. This time the katana opens the man’s throat, cutting deep enough that his head falls back and his spine stares up at the ceiling. His screams cut off immediately and his body falls to the mat, nothing more than a sac of meat.

Dean’s away from him just in time to avoid having his back split open by Yellow’s sword. As it is, he has another deep gash running through his right shoulder, and he has to switch his grip on the katana to his left hand before he drops the blade.

Sam expects the fight to be over quickly now that Dean only has one opponent to deal with, but half an hour later they’re still circling each other. Dean’s chest is covered with a slick sheen of sweat and blood, and his right pant leg is soaked from a lucky gash across his thigh that has him moving with a limping, rolling gait. Yellow hasn’t gone unmarked himself, of course: his left arm is all but useless at his side, and there’s a deep wound in his chest that caught him right across the collarbone and nearly missed opening his throat as well.

The problem is that the crowd seems content to scream itself hoarse now, and damn Dean’s ability to hear Yellow coming for him. Sam can tell that Dean is having difficulty tracking the man by scent as well: all of the blood that’s been spilled must be soaked over everything else in a blurring wash of iron. To make matters worse, Dean has lost too much blood to keep this up much longer, even with the wolf’s endurance, and Yellow seems to know it: is content to keep his distance and wait.

When Dean’s injured leg finally buckles and drops him to the floor, Sam can’t stop himself from shouting his brother’s name. The word is lost amidst the swell of the audience’s cry as Yellow darts forward, blade lifted for the kill. His sword is angled straight for Dean’s jugular, is going to rip open the vulnerable skin there and splash his life onto the mat.

Sam knows with a nauseating certainty that he’s come all this way just to watch his brother die.

Then Dean moves with a speed that makes everything else he’s done tonight seem slow by comparison, launching himself to his feet and swinging his sword in a wide, blind circle. His sword connects with Yellow’s, knocking it aside, and he adjusts immediately, twisting and shoving his blade forward.

Katanas are meant to be slashing weapons, edged on one side and blunt on the tip. It doesn’t matter. The combination of Yellow’s forward momentum and Dean’s strength drives the blade into the man’s stomach, impaling him all the way up to the hilt. Their bodies collide and Dean is driven back a few paces by the impact. They stand there in the utter, stunned silence of the crowd, close enough that they’re breathing each other’s air, and then Dean shrugs Yellow off of his blade.

As the man collapses back onto the mat, Dean pulls his goggles off with his free hand and squints into the light. His face is expressionless as he steps forward and, putting his weight firmly on his injured leg, rests his other foot on his final opponent’s throat. There’s no sign of the growing weakness his posture signaled a moment ago, and Sam realizes with a relief so strong it’s dizzying that Dean was shamming.

In the dark line of the railing, the red and green lights come on for the third and final time. Although Sam presses the green buttons again, he isn’t surprised by the sickly crimson light that floods the arena. The color makes all the blood look black, Dean’s body slick with oil.

He doesn’t bother with the sword in his left hand: just transfers his weight from one leg to the other and crushes the man’s throat. No hesitation. No sign that he gives a fuck.

It bothers Sam in a way that the other two deaths didn’t: that was self-defense, Dean fighting to stay alive. But the man lying dead beneath Dean’s foot wasn’t a threat to him anymore, too out of it to do more than hold his stomach and scream. He was killed because the rich, sick fucks in the audience wanted to see Dean murder someone.

How many nights has his brother had to do this? How many people have died at Dean’s hands out in the arena?

Maybe it’s a mercy that the wolf is in charge.

The room is silent for a long moment, and then Dean drops the katana and walks deliberately toward the cage’s exit.

Sam doesn’t know who starts it—a woman, he thinks—but suddenly the crowd is chanting, “Fenrir, Fenrir, FENRIR.” It’s deafening, and Sam thinks Dean’s shoulders hunch a little under the assault. Then the cage door slides open, and Dean darts through and is gone.