Dare Me - Halloween Sleepover Spectacular - Goosey's Gorgeous Gaggle
by neverdoubted

Dare Me - Halloween Sleepover Spectacular - Goosey's Gorgeous Gaggle - Part 3

Just when I thought the evening was winding down and my fun over, Lucy revved it back up. Of course, Katherine and Grace had never even heard of Blind Squirrel. That's because it was a game completely made up by one of our babysitters one night when we were younger. I'm not going to describe the whole evening again, but let's just say the game ended with one very naked little Lucy.

My heart beat faster as I watched the wheels turning in Lucy's mind. She still had half a dare to complete. And along the way, she was supposed to find ways to get Grace and Katherine to loosen up about their modesty. Considering they had just returned from trick-or-treating in transparent costumes; I'd say she was doing a pretty good job of that. But that wasn't the whole challenge. I was still holding out hope that she would figure out a way to convince each of them to let me see them naked before the end of the sleepover.

I didn't know exactly how, or even if she could do that, but Blind Squirrel was sure to factor in somehow. Lucy's genuine pre-excitement for the game was contagious, and soon Grace and Katherine were eager to find out more. She promised to explain everything but said they all should get ready for bed first and then they could play.

The two girls exchanged glances at that suggestion. Why get ready for bed if they weren’t going to bed? Why not just play the game first? But Grace had started itching the glittery places on her skin and conceded a shower wasn't a bad idea. Katherine, too, wanted to get out of her make-up and let her hair down. That settled, Lucy sent me outside to find some Seeds of Spring then left to, I guess, make sure the girls were properly prepped for the game and to get ready for bed herself.

Last time we had played, during phase 1 of Blind Squirrel, Lucy had been maneuvered out of her nightgown; forced to turn it into a sack to carry her acorns. She ended up participating in Phase 2 topless wearing only her panties. But she had been younger then and completely flat-chested. Katherine or Grace were further along in their maturation journey. If they were going to be put in a similar situation I was in for a much more titillating sight. My prick surged with excitement at the mere thought. But with some extra willpower, I suppressed my urges and stayed on my task.

A Seed of Spring was a special type of acorn necessary to play the game. It was supposed to be just like any other acorn, except pure white in color. Only I had discovered that they actually had little, microscopic grooves in them which had given me an unfair advantage last time around. It turns out Seeds of Spring were nowhere near as rare as I thought, and I found three good ones in pretty quick order.

I was leaving the particulars of the game up to Lucy this time around and didn’t know completely what she had planned. But she had specifically requested only three Seeds of Spring. Did that mean she only meant for the three girls to participate, and I wouldn’t be playing? Possibly, but I wasn't taking any chances. Just in case, I took some time to study the ones I had found. I felt around each one, carefully memorizing every crevasse. I even mixed them up with some regular acorns and practiced picking them out from among a little group until I was able to consistently pick out the Seeds of Spring with my eyes closed.

A few minutes after that, the girls joined me on the porch with Lucy in the lead. She was carrying a blindfold with her but had strangely also brought three belts. I tried think back. I knew the blindfold was for the blind squirrel to wear. I didn't remember using belts last time. Maybe she intended to make some tweaks to the rules. She had removed the tattered remains of her Halloween costume and taken a quick shower without washing her hair. She wore a white tank top that was nearly long enough to count as a nightgown. But I could still see the bottoms of her white panties poking out underneath. That wasn't the only thing poking out. It was obvious she was not wearing a bra and her nipples stood out proudly beneath her top. She was barefoot.

Katherine came behind her. She had taken a shower as well and removed her make-up. She hadn't washed her hair but had let it down so that it now framed her face. She looked younger without her sophisticated hairstyle and bright lipstick. She wore a pink pajama top with a loose, almost scoop-style neck. It came down so far on her chest that it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra, either.

Her pajama top flared out at the bottom and swished around her waist as she walked. Lucy must have instituted a "no pants" rule for this game. Because she wasn’t wearing the matching pajama pants that would have made it into a set. I couldn’t see her panties at first, but as soon as she turned away from me, I seized the opportunity to sneak a peek. I saw she had picked out pink panties with cute little ruffles on them that also swished when she walked.

I didn’t look away fast enough and she caught me staring at her cute little panty-clad bottom. As much as I had already seen of her body, she still had moments of bashfulness around me. She pulled her shirt down and stood like she had done upstairs with one foot on top of the other and her thighs squeezed at tightly as she could manage. It was adorable.

Grace won the prize for the most shocking pajama reveal of the night, though. Because she came through the door wearing one of my shirts! Lucy explained that Grace had only brought a fancy nighty to wear to the sleepover and didn't want to get it dirty playing outside. So, Lucy had generously volunteered provided my only dress shirt for her to wear instead. If you've ever seen a woman in a man's dress shirt, you can imagine what Grace looked like.

It was white, an appropriate color for an angel, and hung down just past her waist on the sides but went lower in the front and back. She wore no pants and her curvaceous legs stuck out beneath in a way that drove me wild. I would never be able to look at that shirt again without getting a boner. Up top, she had rolled up the sleeves and left most of the center buttons undone. The shirt sloped out over her more developed bust. The way her boobies flexed beneath the fabric made it apparent she wasn’t wearing her bra either. I couldn't see her panties at all; at least not at first, but she was barefoot like the other girls.

She had taken her shower to remove the glitter makeup. But she had additionally washed and dried her blonde hair which now fell straight to her shoulders. She saw me studying her every move and asked Lucy if she could borrow the hair tie around her wrist. On the surface, it was an innocent request. But when she moved to make a ponytail, my eyes nearly popped out of my head. The shirt, with most of its buttons undone, spread open as she raised her arms until there was a huge gap revealing almost all of her squeaky-clean chest. From a better angle, I would have been able to see directly in and gotten a complete view of one of her hanging mammaries. But since she was facing me directly, I could only see the space between them.

I stared agape at the inner bulge of Grace's little developing breasts silently begging the shirt to open just a little further and reveal her nipples. She fiddled innocently with her hair to make sure it was just right, perhaps taking a little longer than necessary. That's when I realized my little angel had been waiting for me to notice something else. I looked down her body and this time my eyes actually did pop out and my soul left my body. By keeping her arms above her head, Grace was giving me a peek at her panties.

I hadn't had the opportunity to appreciate Grace's bottom half thus far in the evening because her costume had come with a skirt. The girls both seemed to pay close attention to wherever my attention drifted. I sensed a competition forming. Maybe she had grown jealous of the looks I kept giving Katherine's ass and wanted to show me that she had plenty to offer in that department as well. Facing right at me, it was almost like she wanted me to notice that she, too, had a perfect little thigh gap between her legs.

Her hips, which had been concealed all evening beneath a cloud, did have more curve to them than I expected. I couldn't see much of her bottom, but it looked both ripe and firm. I later learned that came from years of gymnastics and ballet and that she was looking forward to trying out for the junior high cheerleading team next year. She was a shoe-in.

But the piece de resistance were her panties. Grace was wearing the tiniest pair of panties I had ever seen. They were sky blue with white lace trim and matched her eyes perfectly. A tiny stripe of material encircled her waist. And in front, a narrow blue triangle came down to embrace the mound around her pussy. The material was too thin to provide any support and simply followed the contours of her plump little pussy lips before disappearing into her thigh gap. If this was a matching part of her evening attire, I desperately wanted to see what the rest of her nighty looked like! Having accomplished her mission, she finished her hair and dropped her arms back down. The show was over...for now, but the competition was just beginning.

Lucy started describing the game's lore with the voice of a mysterious storyteller and explaining the rules of phase 1. As anticipated, and to my disappointment, she said I would not get to participate in the competition. My role would be to follow the girls around, keep time, and make sure everyone was following the rules; resolving any disputes that may arise. I was sent inside to retrieve the kitchen timer and when I got back, I saw she had instructed the girls to tie the belt around them. My suspicion was correct. She had added her own twist to the game. The belts were not tied around their waist, though. They sat much higher, on the girls' rib cages just beneath their chests.

I figured it out. Rather than make the girls fashion sacks from their clothing like we had done last time, Lucy was going to have them collect the acorns in their clothes while they were still wearing them. My hopes of seeing the girls running around topless gathering acorns were dashed. But my disappointment was short-lived when Katherine asked something, and Lucy's answer made everything better.

"What are we playing for again?" she asked. "I mean, what do I get when I win? Wait...how do you even win this game?"

Lucy smiled, then with a quick glance over at me, she pulled out the three special acorns and revealed the rest of the game.

"When phase 1 is over, each of you gets to divide your acorns however you want between your opponents. Then we will add one of these Seeds of Spring to each sack. Mikey is going to be the blind squirrel. He'll take turns picking acorns out of our sacks. As soon as he finds a Seed of Spring, that person is the winner. So, the more acorns you can add to your opponents' sacks, the better your chances will be."

"But what is the prize for winning?" Katherine asked.

"The winner can relax and gets to sleep in tomorrow. The loser has to get up early and bring Mikey breakfast in bed in their Halloween costume. Only, the winner gets to pick how much of it they get to wear!"

Grace blushed and Katherine's mouth dropped open for a moment. Lucy watched the reality sink into my face with a mischievous grin. The last time someone had served me breakfast in bed, it had been Lucy, and she had been completely naked. Could she possibly convince Katherine or Grace to do something like that?

My face burned with embarrassment as I pondered the possibilities but fortunately the girls didn't notice because they were looking at each other. Perhaps they were checking to see if the other one was going to chicken out. Then Katherine, the little devil, stuck her tongue out at Grace. Grace's eyes narrowed and I could tell from the look in her eyes that she wasn't going to back down. She was going to win and would savor sending Katherine into the lion's den.

I'm not sure if Lucy guessed I had figured out a foolproof method for picking the correct acorn every time. She had accused me of cheating last time we played this game. Perhaps she suspected I had a way of manipulating the game to make whomever I wanted the winner. If so, surely, I would work it out so Lucy won and Grace or Katherine lost. Or maybe she was just willing to take her chances. After all, she knew where to get a huge pile of acorns. Maybe she was just counting on that to carry her to victory.

I didn't really care. I had already decided I was going to let Lucy win. The real decision was between Grace or Katherine. The angel or the devil. Who did I want serving me breakfast in bed tomorrow?

But as I was pondering that dilemma, Grace made a critical observation. "Wait a minute. Won't there be two losers? How come second place gets to sleep in, too. That's not fair."

"Good point," Lucy replied, "in that case, both losers have to get up and help make breakfast. Then one can deliver the food to Mikey and the other will pick it up. The winner picks the costume for second place, and second place picks for third."

That really raised the stakes sky-high. Instead of a 33% chance of losing and being sent to my room in whatever the winner wanted them to wear (or not wear), the girls now had a 66% chance of losing. The girls clearly didn't like that new rule, but I was loving it. Now I didn't have to choose. I only had to make sure Lucy won and the rest would take care of itself!


Dare Me - Halloween Sleepover Spectacular - Goosey's Gorgeous Gaggle - Part 4

It was nearing midnight when the girls set out to collect their acorns. The trick-or-treaters were long gone, and We had the night to ourselves. Porch lights were all off and the moon added only a sliver of light; not much help to the three cute bare-legged squirrels desperately scavenging through the grass for acorns. Whenever someone found one, she would squeal with delight and drop it into her shirt for safe keeping. The belts cinched tightly just below their chests kept the acorns from falling out the bottom.

Despite some success, the pickings were slim. I saw Lucy surreptitiously distancing herself from the group and guessed she was following my playbook from last time. She wanted to make for the grove of old oak trees behind our neighborhood where the acorn could be found in real quantities. But the other girls, perhaps suspecting she was up to something, stayed close to her and prevented her from sneaking off.

Eventually, she gave up sneaking and suggested they all head to the grove together. I agreed but called a timeout to go get a flashlight. As their escort, it was my duty to keep them safe. Then the three girls set out down the sidewalk with me a few feet behind.

Trailing behind them, I had the opportunity to really study the way they walked. Katherine looked to be wrestling with the fact that she wasn't wearing pants. She started out with her arms straight holding down the hem of her top on each side. I could still see all the way to the tops of her legs, but her bottom was covered.

Her long legs carried her with confident strides. But it was an awkward way to walk because it didn't allow her to swing her arms. So, whenever she started to fall behind the other girls, she would give up and walk normally for a little while. Whenever she did that, I got to watch the ruffly hem of her top slowly creep up until the lower half of her muscular bottom was once again hanging out.

She had a little crease at the tops of her legs right where they met her bottom which would disappear on alternating strides. And her bottom curved out from there like a shelf. Her pink panties were pulled tight across her butt cheeks. Her bottom was so tight it didn't jiggle much when she walked. But the little ruffles across the seat made up for it, swishing adorably with every step.

Grace, with the benefit of shirt tails walked more freely. In fact, she pranced around like a young burgeoning cheerleader hopped up on Halloween candy. I tried to direct my flashlight around in a random pattern as if revealing the terrain ahead of the girls. But I think Katherine caught me shining it right at her backside because she would modestly pull her shirt down with a shy glance in my direction. I also frequently pointed it at Grace's backside in the hope of catching a particularly perky bounce. More than once, I was rewarded by a flash of her entire ripe bottom with its smooth creamy skin clad only in the tiniest pale blue triangle.

Lucy's backside got turns under the flashlight, too. Her tank top had been sinched up by the belt so that it no longer covered her bottom at all. But she wasn't fighting it like Katherine. She just let her panties hang out. It made a beautiful sight, but I must admit the novelty of seeing her two young friends flashing me their panties attracted most of my attention.

We made it to the grove where the girls had much better luck finding acorns. Pretty soon they all three had comical bulges in their shirts like they were playing dress-up and stuffing socks up top. They kept coming up to each other trying to compare and see who had the biggest chest. From the fits of laughter, I could tell they were genuinely having fun, but there was also an ominous undertone to the game. To lose focus could mean disaster for them. More than once I caught Lucy eyeing the storm drain. There was a huge cache of acorns down there, but she had to be smart about making her move to avoid giving it away.

I watched the timer dwindle and when I called out that there were 2 minutes remaining, Lucy was ready to act. But first she had to make a diversion. She started running in a feigned panic and "accidentally" let her belt come untied. She cried out in dismay as the acorns poured out from beneath her shirt, scattering across the ground and bouncing away from her in every direction. Grace and Katherine came running at the commotion.

"Don't touch those!" She warned when Grace went to pick up some of the dropped acorns. "Mikeeeey, my belt came untied! Please, I need a timeout. You have to pause the game so I can pick my acorns back up."

"That's not fair!" Grace shot back. "Any acorn on the ground should be free for anyone to pick up."

"Sorry, Goosey" I handed down my ruling, "squirrels don't get to call timeouts. It's survival of the fittest. And you better hurry if you're going to survive the winter. 1 minute left!"

Grace and Katherine excitedly jumped into action, ruthlessly scavenging over Lucy's lost haul. Those girls were out for blood! Lucy muttered "bitch" under her breath and stomped off as if to go pout by herself. But actually, she was headed right toward the storm drain where tons of acorns always collected in the grate. The other girls ignored her completely and let her go, and while they were greedily picking through her leftovers, Lucy was loading up. They were shocked when I called "time's up" and Lucy returned with a bigger haul than either of them. She looked like she had gotten breast implants.

We returned to our porch to prepare for phase 2. Each girl unloaded her haul into a pile. Grace and Katherine's were about the same size with Lucy's being a fair bit bigger. They clearly suspected some sort of foul play from Lucy and couldn't figure out how she had managed such a big haul in only 1 minute. Had this been a two-player game like last time, Lucy would be positioned well to win easily. But she had woefully miscalculated the dynamics of a three-player version of the game.

It was time for each girl to divide her pile and decide how much to give to each opponent. Lucy diplomatically divided her pile evenly between Grace and Katherine, scooping them up and pouring them back into their shirts. But Katherine, that scheming devil took her entire haul and poured it into Lucy's shirt. Grace followed suit and did the exact same thing.

"That's for calling me a 'bitch'." she said with an air of satisfaction.

Poor Lucy thought she had played smartly. But the entire thing backfired in her face. Her chances of winning seemed next to impossible with that many acorns to sift through. Lucky for her, she had a secret weapon on her side; a horny, and extraordinarily talented blind squirrel. One white acorn was added to each shirt and the girls were instructed to jump around until it was completely mixed in. I thoroughly enjoyed the sight of them giddily bouncing around me for a minute. They were so excited about the next phase; I think they completely forgot they were all flashing me their panties.

We had a small park bench on our porch. Lucy had me sit down and fastened the blindfold on me. As the world disappeared, a sudden realization struck me. As the blind squirrel, I was responsible for pulling acorns out of the girls' sacks. Only, they didn't have sacks. The acorns were inside their shirts! Lucy had set it up so that I was going to be reaching inside the girls' tops over and over until I found the right seed.

Suddenly my hands started sweating and my heart started pounding. It was decided that the girls would roll a die to determine the pick order each round to make things fair and random. As soon as a seed was found that person would be the winner. But the other two had to keep going to see who got second.

As my erection grew to full staff, I wished I had taken time to adjust my prick before sitting down. I couldn't tell for sure in my blindfold, but it felt like it was sticking straight out and tenting my shorts obscenely. And worse, it was kind of throbbing up and down with my heartbeat.

I think the first girl noticed, because when she knelt between my legs, she let out a little gasp followed by a suppressed giggle. I recognized Katherine's giggle which meant she had been selected to go first. But the other girls quickly shushed her. The order of play was supposed to be anonymous. Any future sounds could give the blind squirrel a clue who was next. Although, knowing the girl would in no way taint the integrity of the game, as far as they knew. I think it just gave them some comfort, with a boy about to start rummaging around inside their shirts, if they could remain anonymous to him.

Katherine had been instructed to lean forward and hold her shirt open for me. I could only imagine what a sight she was making. Seriously! With a blindfold on, I couldn't see it. I could only imagine. Anyway, I cautiously reached my hand out in front of me, unsure of how far away she was kneeling. Then suddenly my hand reached her. I had aimed too high and was touching her cheek. Slowly, I traced my hand down the side of her face and onto her neck. As I passed her collarbone, she sucked in her breath with a little gasp and held it.

I paused. I was in unfamiliar territory. I had never come this close to touching a girl anywhere private before, unless you count snuggling with Lucy on the couch ages ago. That had been fun, but this felt serious. Katherine was wearing a scoop neck shirt and was supposed to be holding it open for me. So, wherever I moved, I was likely to encounter more skin and flesh before I reached any acorns. Should I move left or right first? I was just inches from her beautiful breast cones and cute little nipples. She was practically offering her breasts up to be fondled, but I was too shy to go for it. Instead, I continued moving my hand down. My fingers traced down Katherine's breastbone and I could feel her own heart pounding in her chest.

Just then I grazed an acorn, and my fingers automatically grasped it. I had pulled it out before I knew what was happening. Of course, I wanted, to draw this game out to explore these girls' bodies as long as possible. Had I accidentally picked the Seed of Spring on my first attempt, Katherine would have won the game right there. I warned myself to be more careful in the future. But luckily this was a regular old acorn, and Katherine's part of the round was over.

The next girl positioned herself between my legs and held open her shirt. This time I aimed a little lower when I reached out. See? I can learn! The first thing I came in contact with was hair. A little strand brushed against the back of my hand. Immediately, I guessed I was dealing with Lucy because Grace had put her hair up in a ponytail and it wouldn't be hanging down in front of her like that. I took note, thinking I might be able to use that information in the future, and proceeded downward to grab an acorn. This time, I made extra sure there were no grooves before pulling it out.

The third girl got into position, and I reached out a little too fast. Also, I had forgotten that Grace was a little shorter than the other two. So, my fingers bumped right into her little puckered lips. Grace opened her mouth in surprise and my fingers slipped in between them for a second. The other girls couldn't help but giggle at that. But then, remembering the stakes, they went quiet again. This was serious business. I extracted my fingers from between Grace's lips and traced down her face noticing the differences. Going forward, it cheered me to see it was actually going to be pretty easy to tell each girl apart. Their features were distinct in ways my fingers were really good at picking up. I made sure Grace, too, produced a dud on her first round and it was time to roll the dice again.

This cycle repeated, round after round, with a random order each time. I was proud of the fact that I could soon tell with a simple brush of my fingers against a cheek or collarbone which girl was kneeling in front of me. After a few rounds, I grew bolder. Instead of just plucking the first acorn I came across on top, I started burrowing my hand deeper into the pile. I would carefully pick one out from the middle then dramatically pull it out with a flourish. I like to think the girls appreciated my pageantry. I'm sure anything to distract them from their impending likely defeat was welcome.

As the rounds continued, I could feel the piles dwindling. Even poor Lucy's mountainous treasure chest (see what I did there?) was starting to shrink. But she still had so far to go! That reminded me, I had to start thinking about my endgame. How was I going to make sure Lucy won? Could I really locate that one special acorn among so many? As I was pondering my conundrum, Katherine made an outburst.

"Hey, Grace is cheating!" she accused.

"I am not. I didn't do anything wrong." Grace replied.

"Yes! I saw you move your Seed of Spring to the top your pile just now."

"Well, it was all the way at the bottom. I was just moving it to the middle."

I really wanted to pull off my blindfold to see what was going on. It would have given me a better idea how many acorns each girl had left. But to maintain the integrity of the game I resisted the urge. I did interject, however, by ordering that no girl was allowed to move her acorns around. Instead, I said I, as a neutral party, would stir their piles every round before picking to make sure nothing was getting stuck at the bottom. I'd like you to think my new rule was purely altruistic and made in the interest of fairness. So please pretend that any ancillary benefit to me that followed was purely accidental.

As much fun as I was having, I sensed it was time to pick a winner and wrap up this game. I decided I was going to end it on the next round when Lucy came up. The new stir rule went into effect starting that round and Lucy happened to be up first. I plunged my hand into her still substantial stash and began stirring it around. If you've ever stirred acorns in a girl's blouse before, you probably already know what happened next. The palm of my hand incidentally brushed the outside curve of one of her boobs. As if on instinct, my hand moved that direction and formed into a cup. And in a flash, I found myself cradling Lucy's little boob in my hand.

I'm not sure I can accurately describe it. It was pliable and by far the softest thing ever. Lucy cleared her throat impatiently and I immediately let go. A blush formed on my cheeks and head was swimming. I had just felt up a girl for the first time. I wanted more! Fortunate for me, there were literally two other girls already lined up to go next! No way could I let the game end now! So, I abandoned my plan to locate the Seed of Spring within Lucy's shirt and eagerly pulled out a regular acorn instead so the next girl could step in line.

The next girl knelt between my legs and held her shirt open for me like she had already done so many times before; oblivious to what was about to happen. I nervously lowered my hand in and started stirring. It was Katherine. She gasped when the back of my hand cautiously grazed her boob for the first time. I let my hand linger for just a second, then politely moved away to pick an acorn.

Grace went last that round. She, too, gasped when the back of my hand brushed against her boob. The other girls, knowing what was about to happen, couldn't hold in their giggles. Now that I had officially touched three girls' boobies, I felt like I could die in peace. I didn't want to push my luck and risk being labeled a pervert. So, with some willpower, and before things got out of hand or Mikey Jr. started calling the shots, I resolved to end the game on the next round, no matter what.

The girls rolled for the next round and Katherine came up first. Everyone was silent as I stirred her acorns. Then, just before picking one, I dared to make contact with her little chest one last time. This time, I led with the front of my hand, making a larger than usual circle around the outside of the pile under the auspices of getting a really good stir in. Along the way, my fingers brushed all the way across the front of her chest, following the sloping contour of her cones. This time, her nipples were rock hard from all the stimulation and excitement. She sucked in her breath as those little pebbles gave way beneath my moving fingers. But her brief excitement quickly turned to disappointment as I pulled out a regular acorn.

Grace was next. I repeated the process with her. Only, my hand had further to travel across her more developed mounds. Her nipples felt a little smaller but were also rock hard and she couldn't help but gasp when my fingers grazed each one. Alas, her hopes were similarly dashed when I pulled a regular acorn from her shirt as well.

I would have enjoyed exploring Lucy's chest next like I had the other girls. Unfortunately, I had an important job to do. So, I went right to work feeling around for the correct acorn. I started to think there were just too many to sort through and maybe I had messed things up again. But then I felt it. The Seed of Spring! I tucked it into my palm, but before I withdrew my hand, I just couldn’t resist the urge to do something I had been wanting to try for a long time. I found one of Lucy's stiff little nipples and gave it a good pinch. She tensed up, jerking back a bit, probably from the pain, but didn't audibly react.

If she was mad at me for that, I think all was forgiven as I pulled out the white acorn to astonished gasps and one thrilling scream. Against all odds, and to the other girls' great dismay, Lucy had won! After that brief outburst of excitement, it was kind of downhill from there. It was well after 1:00am and I actually started to hear yawning. As much fun as I had been having blindly getting to know the girls' bosoms, the late hour was catching up to me, too. And my thoughts started to turn to what would happen in the morning.

It didn't really matter to me who was second and who was third. If everything went according to plan, they would both be sent to my room tomorrow wearing next to nothing. So, I let a couple rounds pass just to avoid any suspicion of foul play, then I let the dice decide. Whoever came up next would be second. Grace won the honors of second spot. She would be deciding on Katherine's attire, while Lucy would decide for her.

The sugar rush long since spent and the excitement now over, everyone trudged heavily inside and headed for bed. I was exhausted, but I took the time to straighten up my room, making sure it was presentable for morning guests. I even made my bed. Then I brushed my teeth and changed into my own pajamas to sleep. By this point, I had gone over 24 hours without masturbating. That must have been some kind of record for me at that age. But somehow, I was able to resist the urge in my loins. I wanted to see just how far I could push myself and kind of felt good.

At first, I tossed and turned fitfully and couldn't get comfortable. It was so hot in my room that I took off my shirt. My pants soon followed, and I decided to just sleep in my boxers. But I was still too hot and bothered. Finally, I cracked the window to let in some cool air and was able to relax. Overwhelmed by fatigue, sleep came quickly after that. I dreamt I was a farmer with an orchard full of all kinds of fruit trees. I spend my days picking the ripest fruits, from sugarplums to oranges, lemons to peaches. And every fruit I sampled had the absolute sweetest nectar!

It was a wonderful dream that ended too soon with a jarring sound of knocking at my bedroom door.


Dare Me - Halloween Sleepover Spectacular - Goosey's Gorgeous Gaggle - Part 5

I awoke with a start to the sound of a knock. I was disoriented at first and didn't respond. It was mid-morning and sunlight was streaming through the window. My first impression was shock at how cold it was in my room. I shouldn't have left the window open. It didn't help that my covers were all tangled up around me. I must have tossed and turned all night. So much for making my bed...

My second thought was of my morning wood. I was harder than I had ever been before and throbbing with need inside my boxers. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and was about to reach down there to give it a little pet. Just then there was another knock. Suddenly it all came rushing back. Katherine was at the door! How had I forgotten?

I quickly spread the blanket over my me as best I could then called out "come in". At least I tried to call out. For some reason my voice was not cooperating. I swallowed hard then tried a second time, this time just managing to wheeze it out.

The doorknob turned and slowly swung open. Katherine stepped into my room carrying a tray full of food. And while she wasn't technically naked, she might as well have been. Her hair had been put back up into a sophisticated style with her little serpent friends. And the red horns were back on her head. She also wore her bright red lipstick and the black choker with a deep red plastic ruby heart hanging upside-down from it. The strap of black cloth around her neck was the only piece of fabric on her entire body. She was completely naked from the neck down.

Her little sugar plums, that she had been teasing me with all the previous evening, that I had blindly touched ever so briefly, now jutted out proudly on her chest; no longer confined by black gauze. Her nipples were perky and as bright red as her lips. They jiggled slightly as she nervously stepped into the room.

She stood before me uncertain how to proceed. She had a nervous look on her face; perhaps worried that I would not approve of what I saw. I looked down her slender frame and noted the flawless skin of her torso was paler than her arms and legs. She was exposing the most intimate parts of her body to me, the parts that the sun never got to see. Her bald pussy mound was so cute. Her pussy lips were perhaps a bit less pronounced than Lucy's; the only other person I had to compare it to. Her two slender lips filled the gap between her thighs perfectly. They didn't come all the way together, either; parting slightly to reveal even more intimate and darker red body parts that I hadn't yet learned about.

With a deep breath, she finally sat the tray down on my nightstand then clasped her hands behind her back and said, "good morning". When she flashed me that bright smile of hers with adorable little dimples, her entire naked body perked up. My eyes moved constantly, roaming all over her body and devouring her naked beauty from head to toe.

I don't know what I expected to happen next. By delivering me breakfast without any clothes on, she had already completed her punishment for losing at Blind Squirrel. If this naked little devil wanted to stand there and let me stare at her, I was happy to oblige. I reached over and grabbed a piece of toast off the breakfast tray and asked "So, did you sleep well?"

"Yeah...I guess so" she answered. Her voice was shaky, like she was barely holding it together in front of me. Her head dropped and a strand of hair fell across her face. She reached up to tuck it behind her ear then moved her hand back behind her. Everything she did was so alluring; I couldn't help but stare. Then she shivered. It was the most adorable thing ever! She rubbed her bare arms and said "Whew, it's so cold in here."

Then I felt so bad. What kind of host was I being? Even huddled under my blanket, I was cold. How much colder must she feel standing there without a scrap of clothing to warm her while the crisp autumn air continued to flow in through the open window? It was enough to make a girl's nipples stiff. Katherine's nipples were certainly stiff, but I suspected they had been stiff before she entered. Without even thinking about the implications, I lifted the corner of my blanket and started to say "would you like to-"

She didn't even let me finish my sentence. Like a cat, she pounced into my bed in a flash and burrowed under the covers. She crawled up my body and under the blanket, then her face popped out and looked up at me with a Cheshire grin. I really hadn't thought this through. I was only wearing boxers and I could feel her bare skin touching me all over. She was laying not directly on top of me, but partly on my left side. Every nerve ending in my body was acutely attuned to the sensation of a naked girl’s body cuddling me. She uttered only two words.

"Warm me"

Automatically, I let the corner of the blanket fall over us and slid my hand down her body. And it stopped smack dab on her perfect little ass.

But don't think for a minute I was taking advantage of her! I assure you, I had absolutely no game at that age when it came to girls. It's not like I forced myself on her. You heard her! She asked me to warm her. You really think I could convince a 12-year-old girl to strip naked and crawl into my bed? No! It was all Lucy's doing. Ok, yes, I had given Lucy that dare. And maybe I had manipulated the game a little bit to make sure Katherine lost. But how could I have possibly expected it to play out this well?

I was super horny, but I didn't know what to do about it. The unit on sex-ed in my health class wasn't even scheduled until later in the semester. Believe me, if I had any idea what I was doing, I would have put the moves on her. But I was just as innocent and new at this as she was.

Her bottom fit into my hand perfectly. It was every bit as firm as it had looked, but it writhed like a trapped snake; flexing continually beneath my grip as Katherine couldn't seem to stop moving. She must have been really cold, because she kept trying to snuggle closer to me. Her pointy nipples moved up and down my side as she wrapped her arms around my bare chest. Her legs separated and entangled in mine until she was straddling my left leg completely.

She nestled her head in the crook of my neck with a contented sigh and closed her eyes for a bit, but never stopped moving. Her hair tickled my chest. I was just sort of lying there with a piece of naked devil ass in one and hand a piece of toast in the other. Other than my hand on her ass, I wasn't doing much to help her get warm. At least that's what I thought. She seemed to be doing all the work. Eventually, I noticed she had settled into a sort of a rhythm, grinding on my leg. It must have been pleasurable for her, because pretty soon she was cooing cutely.

I guess the hormones were really flowing through her body. Overwhelmed, her beautiful eyes fluttered open, and she looked up at me adoringly. She was clearly enjoying herself and desperate to show me affection, but uncertain quite how. To my utter surprise, she then started gently but urgently kissing my chest and neck all over. I could have laid there for the rest of eternity and been completely happy. If this was Hell, sign me up!

Her pace quickened and the cooing turned to whimpering. Unsure what was really happening, I just held on for dear life. But then suddenly, from far away, came the tinkling sound of a bell. Katherine froze and her face contorted into a frown. Lucy must have set a time limit (or a time requirement?) and that bell was some sort of signal.

Whatever it was, with that bell, the spell was broken. But before she untangled herself from me, she asked two questions.

"Do you have a girlfriend?"

I shook my head.

"Do you want me to be your girlfriend?"

I nodded.

With a happy smile, she straightened up and kissed me once more, this time on the cheek. Then she extracted herself from my bed and left my room. On the way out, she flashed her spectacular ass at me one last time then pulled the door closed. HOLY.....SHIT! I was in shock. What just happened? Did I just get my first girlfriend? Were we making out? Did I just have my first... There was so much to process, but the blood my brain needed in order to work was occupied elsewhere.

I reached into my boxers to adjust my raging hard-on. It only took a single touch. I erupted; cumming harder than I had ever done in my life. When I was done, I threw off my covers and looked around for something to clean it up. Fortunately, I had still been wearing my boxers; otherwise, it would have gone everywhere. I carefully peeled my boxers off and somehow managed to make it to the hamper without spilling anything. Then I shivered. Poor Katherine! Without any clothes on, it sure was cold in here.

I went to close the window, but then caught my reflection in the dresser mirror. Katherine's little kisses had left bright red lipstick all over my chest and neck, and one on my cheek. I tried to wipe it off with my hand, but it didn't budge. Then I tried using the napkin from breakfast. That wasn't much help either. What I really needed was some...water!

There was a glass of water on my breakfast tray that I could dip the napkin into. I started that way, then shivered again. I really needed to close that window first. So, I changed directions again, my stiffy swaying back and forth ahead of me as I walked. I was shocked to find my erection had not subsided at all but was still as turgid as before I came. It was so hard it was almost painful. I briefly wondered, had Katherine broken something inside me? Was this was having a girlfriend was like? A constant erection that never went down?

Just then I heard another, fervent knock at the door. My angel had arrived, and it sounded like she couldn't wait to come in!

