A collection of Siba's men worked their way into the south, each armed with a small black box filled with virulent toxins and poisons. As they approached the rich farmlands of the OZ's southern regions, rumors began regarding the region's protectors. Two of the Crown Princess DG's Advisors, Raw and Glitch, were present to patrol the borders of the farmland. But there were not many of the palace guards in place, the rumors said, and some doubts if they would be enough to stop Siba's men.

Each man knew that they were would-be assassins of innocent farmers. They slipped into the shadows between the palace guards. To a man, they each were stuck inside the shadows, unable to move. To their horror, they almost seemed to sink down into it, until they were knee-deep in the inky shadows.

And the shadows had teeth. And claws.

One man tried to open his box of horrors, but the contagion poured down onto his chest and started to consume him whole. His screams were terrible to hear.

Raw shuddered inside Oliver Chapin's farmhouse, putting his hands over his ears. "The box is open, he couldn't drown the shadows with it," he said, squeezing his eyes tight. "He's becoming the thing we feared most."

Glitch looked at Oliver, Ronsard and Raw. "I have an awful idea."

Oliver looked up from the pitchfork he had been repairing by the fire. Ronsard was in shadow form, and looked like a patch of shadow on the wall with eyes and fangs. "What is it, then?"

"What if we return the gift Siba would have left for us?" The others stilled, staring at Glitch in horror. "What if we give him the men he would have made you into?"

"That's an evil I don't want to contemplate," Oliver said, shuddering.

But Ronsard was grinning, fangs flashing in the firelight. "You are truly our General. We will do this thing for you. Our shadow forms cannot be corrupted by this toxin."

Oliver and Raw looked at Glitch as Ronsard left to discuss things with his men. "How could you condemn those men to that fate?" Oliver asked in horror.

"They know what they carry," Raw murmured, shaking his head. "They know they hurt innocent men for Lord Siba."

"They aren't innocent," Glitch said, voice sad. "Maybe they were innocent once, but they aren't close to it now. And maybe this would let Siba think twice before he attacks the innocent again," he added hopefully.

"You'd let those things loose on his innocent people," Oliver pointed out.

"Oh, I'm sure Ronsard's better than that. He can figure it out so that the army and navy and such will be getting the brunt of it," Glitch replied. "We can't let the innocents anywhere be hurt like this. That's the point of this war."

"War's just so the bigger folk can play chess with people," Oliver replied, standing. "I'm going out for air. I need to think on this a bit."

Glitch looked at Raw after he left. "Was it something I said?"
***
DG sat in bed beside Cain. They'd pretty much given up all pretense of having separate quarters in the palace, which scandalized her mother. Ahamo seemed to take it in stride, but he liked Cain and thought he was a good influence on DG. Cain was reading the reports of the palace guards and the various reports from Central City's defense. Frustrated, DG plucked them from his hands and put them onto the nightstand. He looked at her, brows furrowing. "I need to look those over. Someone named me a General, after all."

"Yes. But I think you need a break. Too much reading makes you all tense and tired," she said, leaning into him. She smiled her most charming smile, and he merely rolled his eyes at her in playful exasperation. "I have an idea."

"Should I be afraid of this idea?"

"Oh, I'm pretty sure you'll like it."

Eyes locked to his, she leaned forward and kissed him on the lips, gentle but sure. Cain laid a hand along her arm, rubbing it gently in a soothing motion. DG drew her fingers up to the juncture of his thighs, tracing the shape of his sex through his sleep pants. There was a slight hitch in his breathing that he tried to hide. Cain liked to keep himself so still and controlled that he was impossible to read sometimes. At other times, it seemed as if DG was fluent in the language of Wyatt Cain, and she used it to her advantage. She knelt over him, stroking his cock as she kissed him. When DG broke the kiss to look at him, lips quirked into a smile, he merely returned her gaze evenly. She could tell that he was trying to keep from laughing, trying to keep from simply thrusting up into her hand. He wanted to play her little game, and DG had every intention of obliging him.

DG leaned forward and kissed Cain's jaw, moving to drop fluttering kisses along his neck and chest. She slipped her hand beneath the waistband of his sleep pants to run her fingertips along his cock. His hand on her arm trailed down her body and pulled up the edge of her filmy nightgown. Cain couldn't help but smile as his fingers moved between her spread legs. He traced her folds gently, then came up to stroke her clit. Her breath caught and her hand tightened fractionally over him. He made a soft sound deep in his throat as her hand moved over him, and it emboldened her further. DG moved her hand along his length and kissed him full on the mouth. She touched her tongue to his lips, and he opened them. She slid her tongue into his mouth and touched his. Cain slid his tongue along hers, then a finger inside of her as his thumb worked her clit.

DG broke the kiss and buried her face in the crook of his neck when she came. Cain had one hand between her legs, the other at her back to help her keep her balance. DG gasped for breath, not sure she would get it back. He hadn't stopped his strokes against her clit, and turned his head to kiss her shoulder next to the nightgown strap. When she pulled back slightly, he leaned forward and took a breast into his mouth. He began to suckle it through the thin fabric, and if anything that seemed to make the touch of his tongue even more electric.

She came again with a strangled groan, her strokes along his cock erratic. Cain lifted his hips and dragged down the waistband to his sleep pants. DG pulled them off the rest of the way, then pulled her nightgown up and over her head. Both pieces of clothing were tossed somewhere behind her, and neither particularly cared to track where they fell. Cain positioned her over him, his cock just gracing her entrance. He looked up at her, a smile on his face. "You seem to have the best ways to relax, don't you, kid?" he asked, voice gruff with need.

"See? I'm full of fabulous ideas," she returned with a laugh.

Cain let out a sigh of pleasure as DG sank down along his length. Hands along her hips, he guided her as she rocked against him, as her eyes fell closed with the feel of him inside of her. She gasped, mouth open as she struggled to breathe. He felt so good inside of her, and knew she was mumbling about how he felt, how much she wanted him, how much she loved him. DG's eyes flew open at the feel of his hand moving between their bodies to touch her clit again, and she gasped. Cain moved his other hand to cup a breast, fingers pulling at her nipple. She leaned forward, her hands on his shoulders, eyes locked to his. Neither said a word as she came again, tight around his length. He moved his hands to her hips, pulling and pushing her against him until he came inside her wet heat with a groan.

"Definitely a good way to relax," he murmured as she fell against him.

"Good. Sleep now," she said with a yawn. "Strategize tomorrow."

He laughed and cradled her close. "Yes, Princess."

"Uh huh. And don't you forget it," DG replied with a laugh.
***
Ine'che stood on a random balcony, looking up at the nighttime moon. She could almost feel the moonlight as a tangible thing, could almost feel it prickle and burn as if it was fire. She wanted to shed the illusion of humanity and circle the land, to feel her wings stretch from her back and fly. But it would scare these innocent folk, would make them think their worst nightmares were coming true.

Perhaps this form in this land was no different a prison from the caverns she had inhabited in the Mirror Zone.

You seem pensive, came a voice to her right. Ine'che turned to look at Ataio, gliding in from a nighttime flight with Midnight. The young mobat chattered happily then flew off to return to DG. Ataio perched on the balcony railing. What troubles you?

She shrugged. I have exchanged one prison for another, it seems. This one is merely gilt around the edges, but still a prison.

Because you cannot be a wyvern as you would wish? Ataio leaned forward. They stare at you. They look and watch and know you are something different than they are. They know something is odd about you, Ybred Ine'che. Ataio leaned back and smiled, his little pointed teeth glittering in the dark. As they should.

Should they? I fought no wars, killed no souls. I was passive then, I am passive now.

Perhaps, Ataio allowed, still grinning at the wyvern. But these creatures hold such fear in them, such darkness. They are such wonderfully contradictory beings.

Ine'che turned away from Ataio. "Was there something you wanted?" she asked, tucking her hair behind her ears in a human gesture she had picked up from DG. She wrapped her arms around her middle at his delighted laughter. "I'm so glad I amuse you so."

Ataio shifted form so that he was humanoid in shape, looking almost like Della in a peasant's clothes. He slid an arm around Ine'che's waist, his lips hovering by her ear. "Come fly with me, Ybred Ine'che. You are a child of the sky and you yearn to fly. Fly with me."

She shivered at the sound of his gravelly voice, at the thought of flight. She had flown four times in this realm, all of it hidden from the general populace. It was like a dirty secret beneath her skin, though it was never any edict from DG or the Queen that kept her land bound. "I..."

Ataio began unhooking the buttons and catches on the dress Ine'che was wearing. "Fly with me, little one." His voice was low, almost endearing, almost tender. "Feel the sky against your skin, feel the wind move past you. Remember how it is to move in the way you were meant, remember the way of your kind."

Ine'che turned as he pulled the dress from her shoulders. "What do you want of me?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

His grin was predatory. "Flight, child. Give me something to chase worthy of me."

"Would you catch me?" she asked, stepping out of the dress. She was bare in the moonlight, but she wasn't human. There was no false sense of modesty about this form she was wearing.

"Would you let me?" Ataio challenged.

Ine'che let go of her magic, let go of the human form she had clung to. Her skin rippled, her body changing so that it was wyvern once more. I wish to fly, she told Ataio, her voice soft and almost mournful. I wish to remember the old times, before the Faerie war.

Ataio ran a hand along her back, caressing the shimmering scales. Then fly, child. We'll see if the wind lets me catch you.

Ine'che took off from the balcony, heading up toward the moon. She stretched out her wings, letting them catch a gust of wind. She cartwheeled and spun around in lazy circles, getting the feel for the currents of air in this strange land.

She saw Ataio's form shift and ripple, and he became a wyvern as well. He fell into place beside her. You didn't fly far.

If we race, I wish it to be fair.

I didn't want a race, he chided her, laughing gently. Chase. Let me chase you.

Why? she asked, troubled, remembering the hunts in the Mirror Zone.

Don't you remember hunting? Don't you remember the thrill of the chase? You can't reclaim only part of your heritage, little one. Now go!

Startled, Ine'che took off for the forest and the riverbank, flying over fields and towns full of sleepers. No one really noticed her shadow falling over the land. No one really looked up in any of these places. They all looked down, down, down, at their feet or the lands or where they thought they were going. No one looked up, no one saw the splendor in the skies.

It must have been hours, flying over the lands that made up the OZ. Ataio caught her easily, his claws not even breaking through her thick skin. I found you, he said, then released her wings. Ine'che tilted her wings and landed in the middle of a field somewhere far to the north of Central City. Ataio landed in front of her, head raised and eyes glittering with triumph. Oh, yes, child. It was a glorious flight.

It only occurred to Ine'che that flying figured heavily in wyvern courtship rituals. She stepped back, breath catching in her chest abruptly. She had a mate once, she had loved once, and the pain of it still lanced her heart. To play with her like this...

Ataio caught her easily and pushed her against the ground. Her wings were useless. Ine'che gnashed her teeth at him, struggling, not even aware of what she might have said to him as she sobbed. Without thinking about it, she changed to human form, scales falling away to create human skin. Ataio followed her change, and pinned her to the ground, his fingers entwined through hers. "Ine'che," he murmured, his human skin dark against hers. He was a creature of shadows and darkness, and it carried through in every form he took.

"It isn't right," she sobbed. "You can't play with creatures like this."

Ataio nudged her legs apart with his knees and met her gaze. "I'm not playing at anything."

Ine'che whimpered softly, shaking her head. "It's been too long, too long..." she protested. "I can't. I can't do this."

Ataio pulled her up to a sitting position, watching her as she trembled and wrapped her arms around herself. "You are very alone, Ine'che," he began slowly. "Yet it hasn't been of comfort to you. The span of your life hasn't been one you've enjoyed." He rested a hand on her shoulders and saw her flinch at the contact. "Why do you wear your pain so closely? Why do you hide behind it, when there is much to live for, still?"

"I'm a coward," she whispered, not meeting his gaze. "I'm the last because I'm a coward."

"A true coward would have killed herself before now. Try again."

Ine'che began to cry softly. "I still miss him. After all this time, I still miss him."

Ataio cupped her face in his hands and made her look up at him. "This happens." He brushed away her tears gently. "My mate had been mortal as these humans are mortal. She was very short lived, and I had but a single child by her. This happens."

Ine'che sniffled. "Do you think on her still? Do you mourn her?"

"And my daughter and granddaughter."

She wrapped a hand around Ataio's and pulled it from her face. "I don't know how to let go."

"I will never ask you to." He brushed his lips gently across hers. "Keep his memory. Hold it precious, still. I would never ask you to give that up."

Hesitantly, Ine'che kissed Ataio back. "Have you... After your mate, have you..."

"I've mated, but haven't taken a mate," Ataio returned, his distinction clear. "What this would be depends on you."

She shivered under his intense scrutiny. "I don't know."

"We are old things," Ataio murmured, sliding a hand down the length of her arm and guiding her onto her back. "There is no need to decide at this moment. This would be whatever you want it to be when you want it to be. And if you never decide, you never decide."

Trembling, Ine'che turned her head and exposed her neck to him, much in the way of wyverns even though she was still in human form. Ataio bent down, biting her neck gently. He held her hands down, much like wyverns did, and thrust deeply into her body. Ine'che made a pained noise, a low whine deep in her throat. He opened his mouth to release her neck and looked at her in shock. "But you had a mate before."

Ine'che whimpered as she held her eyes shut. "Yes."

"You did not join with him?"

"He could not," Ine'che whispered. "But I loved him still."

"This changes things," Ataio growled. Before she could ask him what he meant, Ataio grasped her head and tilted it back to him. He seized her mouth with his in an all-to-human kiss, his tongue sliding into her slack mouth. His other hand was at her breast, kneading it and rolling his thumb across her nipple. Ine'che made a soft noise of pleasure, a low mewling sound as she clung to his shoulders. Ataio worked at her flesh with his hands, moving his mouth to follow the trail his fingers set. He tasted this human skin, felt the tremors of her shivers on his tongue. His fingers spread her wide and stroked her, opening her body to be ready for his.

Wyverns didn't have the same physical characteristics as humans, so it wasn't that she had a hymen to break. But her inexperience meant that she didn't prepare herself during flight as she should have, and he had to ready her body for him. Flight was usually pleasurable, and chase during flight got the blood to singing. It should have been second nature to let her limbs loosen, to lose herself in sheer sensation rather than letting her body remain tightly bound. Ine'che did not know this; that meant that her mate could never outfly her. It meant she willingly bonded herself to someone inferior to her in skill, that he could never catch her or pin her and she kept that secret to protect him. That was a great love indeed.

She let out a wail of pleasure as he touched her, throwing her head back. She released his shoulders to lie back against the ground, limbs splayed. Now he put his teeth against her throat and pushed into her body. She was ready this time, and pulled him in closer as she gasped for breath. She could feel the outline of every tooth against her skin, the press of his hands against hers, the length of him buried inside her. She could feel, which she never thought she would ever do. Ine'che let out another incoherent wail, arching up against him, pressing her neck harder against his teeth. She was close to her release, whimpering in pleasure and need and want, pushing against him to ask for more. Ataio moved faster and harder, pushing deeper inside of her, nipping at her neck a little more roughly. It was enough, and Ine'che came with a sharp cry, startling the sleeping birds in the trees at the edge of the field.

Ataio pushed harder against her, feeling her body clamp down around his. He grit his teeth through the sensation as it built up within him and grunted when he found his own release.

He let go of her hands with some difficulty, letting his breathing slow. She looked up at him with luminous eyes, and for a moment he was reminded of Titania's mother, dead far longer than she had ever been alive.

Ine'che pressed a soft kiss against Ataio's lips quickly, as if she thought he would protest it, and pulled away from him. He caught her wrist in his and pulled her close, feeling oddly protective of her. "Ataio?"

"Maybe you'll fly with me again sometime."

She heard the question he didn't ask, and the vulnerable feeling in her chest dissolved. "Yes. I think I will."

They both smiled at each other, then shifted to wyvern form to fly back to the palace.
***
The skies above Green Harbor were thick with shadows and darkness. It was almost as if the suns had forgotten how to shine, as if the Sun Seeder had succeeded in blocking out the sky. The people worried, afraid for what Lord Siba was bringing to the land. There was a blockade to all ports, and their allies were also being blockaded. Siba's navy patrolled their harbors, but they were unable to go far from home.

When the inhuman screams started, the people barred their doors and refused to go outside. The screaming could be heard for miles, and it carried far from the harbors.

The shadows were thickest just outside of the port cities. Siba's navy had been one of his assets, and he had been sure that he could launch an attack to any part of the royalist lands.

But his boxes full of poison soon decimated his navy. Whoever didn't die outright started to mutate. Their mouths were full of jagged teeth, their hands like hooked claws. They stooped over, hair thin and straggly, eyes yellowed and rheumy. Their minds were twisted into dark caricatures of their former selves. The creatures born of the Sorceress's poisons were ravenous things, bent on devouring. They consumed the flesh of their fallen comrades, the misshapen corpses not even registering as something that had once been human. The creatures screamed with the pain of the transformation, but now screamed in frustration. The food was gone, there was nothing left to eat.

It was a small mercy that they no longer remembered how to steer the ships.

Lord Siba woke at the sound of the inhuman screaming from the harbor of his capital city. He dressed hurriedly and summoned his court into session. He wanted his magician, his advisors and his commanders. One of them had to know what the source of that sound was. One of them had to know why the shadows were so thick and ominous, blotting out the sun. One of them had to know how to stop it.

He looked out of the window across the bay. Green Harbor was his, and Ruby Gulch and Caronet were his in all but name. The darkness over the water seemed to be something terrible, something that made his insides run cold and his heart shrivel in his chest. It was a primal kind of fear, an irrational fear.

Something in the dark has teeth, he thought, then shook his head to clear it. A nightmare, that was all. He was simply remembering something out of a nightmare.

The screaming continued in waves. Just when Siba thought it would be quiet enough to fall asleep again, the screaming began again. Not one council member had any idea why there were screams across the harbor. Not one man could venture a guess regarding the nature of the shadows or how they could get the sun shining over Green Harbor again. They did know that Ruby Gulch and Caronet were also starting to fall under these same ominously dark skies, that they were just as troubled. But since they weren't lands known for farming, they weren't in as dire straits as Green Harbor would be if this continued. If the crops died, they would have to ration food. The people would starve, and it was harder to corral starving people against an otherwise benign royalty.

Something in the dark has teeth, he thought, looking out of his bedroom window after his impromptu meeting. He couldn't sleep with the eerie screaming, the dread feeling that this was his fault somehow, that this was only what he deserved.

But the feeling slid off of his skin, and he glared at the darkness. He wanted to scream right back, to tell the cacophony of voice that they had to stop now, that this was his land and his harbor. The screamers had no right to be there.

He wondered why his navy didn't quiet the voices, why the army scouting parties hadn't returned from investigating.

In the midst of all this, he could only pray that the voices didn't come any closer. He didn't want to meet their owners, didn't want to meet the creatures that created this noise. His skin was already crawling. Deep down, he had a feeling he would never survive the encounter, that these creatures wouldn't care about his titles or pretensions.

He didn't matter. That was the most terrifying piece of knowledge.
***
***