"Rise & shine, sleepy head," I heard my mom's voice call out. "You aren't going to sleep all summer, get your butt out of bed."
Fuck, I thought, I should have just stayed at school for the summer. I was home for the summer break between my freshman & sophomore year of college. I had come home because I needed some down time, no classes, no homework, no projects, nothing, just for a while. I thought coming home would provide me the quiet that I needed, unfortunately, my mom had other ideas.
"If you are going to be home, you need to find a job," she said.
"The only place in town to work at is the grocery store & that place is a shit hole," I replied.
"Watch your language young man," mom snapped, "It's better than nothing!!"
"Not really," I replied, feeling like this was a losing battle I was fighting.
"Well, I met an older lady at the post office the other day who is new to town," mom said, "We got to chatting & she said she could use someone to help her around her house, just to fix a few things up. She moved into the Fuller's old house, on 3rd Street. Why don't you go over there & see if you can lend her a hand?? Palmer is her last name."
"What am I, slave labor now??" I retorted, "Is she going to pay me???"
"Why don't you try not being such a little asshole," mom snapped back, "Now go, or go get a job, but get your butt out of bed."
"Fine," I said, grudgingly getting up & pulling on my shoes. "I'll go see what she needs."
I drove over to the Fuller's old house, cursing the entire way, trying to figure a way out of this mess. I pulled into the driveway & was pleasantly surprised to see an attractive looking older woman pulling weeds in the front flower bed. I parked the car & walked up to the house.
"Ms. Palmer??" I asked, "I'm Tommy, I believe you met my mother at the post office last week. She said you were looking for some help you around the house."
"Oh yes," she replied, "I'm glad you could make it. Please, call me Victoria."
As we stood there chatting, I took a good look at Victoria, she was definitely a MILF, I thought. She was older, probably mid 50's I'd say, with long silver hair & beautiful blue eyes. She was wearing a white tank top that was almost transparent due to being soaked from sweat. I could see her lacy, black bra peeking out from underneath, trying it's best to contain her large, plump breasts. She had on a pair of short pink gym shorts that did little to cover her shapely ass, her cheeks peeking out from under the hem when she bent over. She was toned, obviously keeping herself in good shape, & her skin was a golden brown from working outdoors. I felt my cock twitch a little in my pants while checking her out, I've always had a thing for older women & Victoria was definitely a fox.
"So, what do you need done??" I asked.
"Well, it's quite a lot actually," she replied, "This old house needs some TLC for sure. I was just weeding this front garden & I'd love some help if you're willing."
"Yes, ma'am," I replied.
We spent most of the day pulling weeds & cleaning up the flower beds around the house. We chit chatted while working to pass the time, she asked me about school, what I was studying, what I wanted to do when I graduated, that kind of stuff. She told me that she had bought the house from the Fuller's a few month's ago, she had always wanted to live in a small town to get away from the hustle & bustle of the big city, & was enjoying the quiet life. She told me that she didn't have any family but felt right at home here in our small town.
We finished up for the day & Victoria thanked me for my help. "I've got plenty more to do tomorrow," she said as I was leaving.
"Yes ma'am," I replied, "I'll see you tomorrow morning."
That night, I found myself thinking about Victoria, sucking on her big tits, her sucking my cock, bending her over & fucking her while she called out my name. Maybe this won't be such a terrible summer after all, I thought.
And so it went, for the next week or so, me going over in the morning to Victoria's house, helping her with her chores, sneaking peeks down her shirt at her tits or up her shorts at her cute little ass in the process. I'd go home in the evenings & jerk off thinking about her, wondering what it would be like to fuck a hot MILF like that. Before long, we had that old house looking pretty good.
One evening, after I had gone home & showered, I decided I would go back to Victoria's house & surprise her with dinner. I picked up two steaks & an order of mashed potatoes from the restaurant in town & headed over to her house.
I knocked on the door but didn't get any answer. The lights were on & I could hear the TV but I didn't see Victoria anywhere. The door was open so I let myself in, at this point I wanted to make sure she was OK & hadn't fallen or something. I walked through the kitchen & into the laundry room in the back but still no sign of her.
I walked upstairs to the bedroom, "Victoria," I called out, but got no response.
The light in her bedroom was on & the door was cracked so I peeked inside. I could hear the TV in her bedroom & I just figured she couldn't hear me over the noise. I nudged the door open just a hair & I saw Victoria standing there with her back to me.
What I saw froze me in my tracks.
She was topless, standing in front of a full-length mirror, looking at herself. From the door, I could see her reflection; however, the angle appeared to hide me from her view. Her breasts were enormous, D cups at least. They had a little sag but not bad for a woman of her age with large, dark nipples. I could feel my cock getting hard in my pants. I had fantasized many nights about this very moment, masturbating thinking about Victoria's tits & here they were, in all their glory, on display for me. She had on a pair of lacy, black bikini cut panties, that accentuated her ass nicely. As she stood there, she ran her hands down her body, across her breasts, over her flat, toned abs, & around to her hips.
At this point, I couldn't help myself, I took my cock out of my pants & started stroking it, watching Victoria admire herself in the mirror; she was beautiful.
Then she put her hand down the front of her panties, when she did, I let out an audible gasp. She spun around & saw me, crouched in the doorway, my cock in my hand, spying on her.
"Tommy!!" she screamed, grabbing her robe from the bed & covering herself up, "What are you doing??"
"I'm so sorry," I stammered, "You're just so beautiful & I...," I trailed off, not knowing what to do or say. Sheepishly, I hurriedly tucked my cock back into my pants.
"How long have you been standing there??" she asked.
"Not long," I said, "I brought us some dinner but then I couldn't find you."
Suddenly, her face softened, "You think I'm beautiful??" she asked, blushing slightly, "And you brought me dinner??"
"Yes ma'am," I replied, "I think you are very beautiful."
She slipped her robe over her shoulders & sat down on the bed. "Come in here Tommy," she said, & patted a spot next to her.
I slowly opened the door, walked in, & sat down next to her, ashamed to look at her.
"It's OK honey," she said, reassuringly, "It's natural for a young man your age to be curious about older women. Have you ever been with a woman Tommy??"
The truth is I hadn't. I had seen porn on the internet & had kissed a few girls; however, I was still a virgin. "No, ma'am," I replied, embarrassed.
"That's ok sweetie," she said, scooting closer to me, "maybe I can teach you a few things, how does that sound?? Look at me Tommy."
That sounds fucking great I thought!! I was very nervous but I sheepishly nodded & turned to look at Victoria. God she was beautiful. She had untied her robe & opened the top, exposing her beautiful breasts to me. Very tenderly, she took my hand & placed it on her tit.
"Just like this baby," she said, as she started moving my hand around her breast, "Nice & soft, women like to be touched like this Tommy. Take my nipple & twist it gently between your fingers."
I kneaded Victoria's huge knockers in my hand, pinching her nipples lightly, & they immediately started hardening in my hands. "Take my nipple in your mouth baby," she said, "Flick it with your tongue & suck on it lightly."
I leaned down & sucked her nipple into my mouth, rolling my tongue around it. I could hear Victoria moaning so I assumed that meant she was enjoying what I was doing. I continued sucking her tits, nursing like a new born baby, until I felt her guide my head back up to look at her face. She leaned forward & kissed me, and started massaging my erection through my pants. "Take these off," she said, "You won't need them for a while."
I stood up & took off my pants. My cock was hard as a rock & sprung out like it was tied to a string, standing straight up.
"You have a very nice cock Tommy," she said, "Touch yourself for me. Touch your cock while you look at my tits Tommy."
God, this was so hot, hearing Victoria tell me to touch my cock while looking at her tits, this was almost too much to take. I was pretty sure as soon as I started stroking my dick, I was going to cum all over the place.
"I think I'm gonna cum Victoria," I said.
"Go ahead baby," she replied, "Cum on my tits."
With that she kneeled down in front of me & pushed her giant tits up. I was furiously stroking my cock & after about three or four pulls, I erupted all over her tits. Spurt after spurt, it kept coming.
"That's it baby, cum for me," she cooed.
I painted her chest, cumming for what seemed like two or three minutes, finally drying out & collapsing down on the bed. Victoria lifted her tit to her mouth & sucked in a glob of my cum, paused to show it to me on her tongue, then swallowed it. She moved over next to me, took my softening cock in her hand & licked the head, extracting the last drop of cum from my dick.
"That was hot Tommy," she said, "Did you enjoy that??"
"Yes ma'am," I replied.
"Let me get a towel to clean this up," she said, getting up & walking towards the bathroom, "Don't go anywhere honey, I've got a lot more to show you."
As she disappeared into the bathroom, I lay back on her bed, replaying the events that just occurred. I had just sucked Victoria's tits, jerked off on them, she had tasted my cum, & she wants to do more!! Maybe she will suck my cock, I thought, maybe she'll let me fuck her!!
My thoughts were interrupted by Victoria returning from the bathroom, she had wiped my cum off her chest & was now standing in the doorway in a very sexy, floor length, black silk nightgown. The top was low cut & her cleavage showed prominently. It has slits up both sides & I could see her toned, tanned legs & her panties underneath.
"You like??" she said, as she sauntered over towards me.
"Very much," I replied, totally mesmerized by her.
I was sitting on the edge of the bed, Victoria now standing between my legs. She reached down & tugged my cock a few times, bringing it back to life.
"Oh, to be young again & so full of energy," she mused. Indeed, even though I just cum, my cock stood proudly up again, ready to go.
"Are you ready for your next lesson??" she asked.
I nodded my head affirmatively.
"This might be a little different than you are expecting," she said, "but just trust me baby & I'll make you feel good, I promise."
With that, Victoria opened her nightgown from one of the slits, exposing her black panties. She pushed her panties to the side & out popped her hard, throbbing cock. I looked up at her, confused.
"It's ok baby," she said, reassuringly, "You see, I'm a transsexual, I'm all woman except I have a cock."
I looked back at her cock. It was gorgeous, just like the rest of her. It was about 7", slim, & had a slight upward curve. Other than a small triangle patch of silver pubic hair above her shaft, she was completely shaved. I was very confused, this beautiful woman who I had been lusting after had a dick; on the other hand, it was a beautiful dick & I was still super turned on. I didn't know what to do so I decided to trust her & I opened my mouth.
Victoria, taking my cue, pushed her hips forward & slid her dick into my mouth. "Ohhhhhhhh," she purred, "It's been so long."
I had no idea what to do, so I looked up at Victoria, hoping for some direction. Sensing my uneasiness & lack of experience, she gently caressed my face.
"Just use your tongue baby," she said reassuringly, "lick it like a lollipop up & down and be careful not to use your teeth."
I did as I was told & licked the underside of her shaft. I flicked my tongue over her head, careful not to use my teeth. Victoria gently grabbed the back of my head & directed me into a bobbing motion.
"That's it baby," she cooed, "Back & forth now. Tighten your lips around & suck while you lick."
I was bobbing up down on her dick, tightening my lips around her beautiful tool & sucking. I reached my hand into her panties & started fondling her balls.
"That's perfect baby," she purred, "Such a quick learner."
I continued bobbing up & down on her cock & massaging her balls, when I felt her legs tense up & her cock twitch in my mouth.
"You're going to make me cum baby," she said.
Immediately I started to panic, not having any idea what to do next. Sensing this, Victoria reassured me again, "It's ok baby," she said, "Just relax your throat, take in as much as you can, & then swallow."
I felt her cock twitch again, & then my mouth was flooded with her cum. I tried to keep up, swallowing as much as I could, but I wasn't fast enough & it started to leak out the sides of my mouth. Victoria, seeing me struggle, slid her cock from my mouth & pointed it at my face.
"I'm going to finish cumming on your face baby," she panted, "just relax."
She continued to ejaculate, most of it landing on my face, as she drained her balls. I stuck out my tongue & she pointed her dick back at my mouth & rewarded me with another taste of her semen. It was tangy, not bad at all, I thought. When she was finished, she pushed her softening cock back into my mouth so I could take her last drops.
"Clean me off baby," she said. I did as I was told & licked the cum from her dick.
"Good boy, I see that you are ready again," she said, motioning at my still rock-hard dick, "Do you want to fuck me baby??"
God, did I!! "Absolutely!!" I replied, barely able to contain my excitement.
"How do you want me baby??" she asked, "Do you want to bend me over the bed or do you want me on my back??"
"On your back," I replied. I wanted to see her tits & her cock while I fucked her.
"Ok baby," she said, "Come & get me big boy!!"
She laid on the bed & spread her legs for me. She took a tube of lube from the side table & spread it on her ass. "Go easy now baby," she said, "It's been a while since I've taken a cock back there."
I rubbed the head of my dick against her asshole, gently probing, trying not to hurt her. I felt her relax her hole as I pushed my hips forward & my dick popped into her asshole.
"Oh God, that feels so good baby," she said, "Remember, take it slow at first."
I did as I was told & slowly started pumping my cock into Victoria's ass. She was so tight & felt so good on my dick I almost couldn't take it. Sensing how turned on she was, I reached down & took her cock in my hand. I started stroking her dick in time with my thrusts & she started hardening again.
"Ohhhhhhh," she purred, "That's it baby, stroke my cock, stroke my cock while you fuck me."
Feeling even bolder, I started pumping faster, thrusting my cock into Victoria harder & harder. My balls were slapping against hers as I fed her my dick. She was fully erect now & I stroked her cock, using it like a handle as I plowed into her ass.
"Fuck me Tommy," she cried out, "Fuck me baby, fuck my ass."
I knew I wouldn't last much longer. "I'm gonna cum Victoria!!" I cried out.
"Cum in me baby, give me your seed," she replied.
I pushed my cock as far into Victoria as I could & my dick exploded. Shot after shot, I painted her insides with my jizz.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!," I cried out, pumping Victoria's ass for all I was worth. I collapsed on top of her, my face buried in her tits, totally spent. I slipped my softening cock out of her ass & crawled up next to her in the bed.
"You did very well Tommy," she said.
"Thank you Victoria, you were amazing," I replied.
"Now, since I took your virginity by letting you fuck me, it's only fair that I get to take your anal virginity too, right??" she said.
I hadn't really thought about letting her fuck me; however, in the moment, there was no way I could say no.
"Yes ma'am," I replied.
"OK, bend over the side of the bed for me baby," she said.
I rolled over & bent down so I was leaning on my elbows on her bed. Victoria walked over behind me, stroking her cock, lubing herself up to take my virginity for the second time tonight.
"You ready baby??" she asked, "I'll be gentle, I promise."
"Yes," I replied, "Please fuck me."
I could feel her head pressing against my asshole. I tried to relax as best I could but to no avail. Sensing my reluctance, Victoria pressed her index finger into my ass, trying to get my muscles to relax. "Just relax baby," she said, "I promise you'll enjoy this."
She pulled her finger out & I felt her cock again, right at my entrance. I took a deep breath & I felt her push her dick forward, penetrating my hole & popping her head in.
"Ahhhhhhh, I'm in baby," she said, "Just relax & enjoy."
It wasn't a pain I was feeling, but I could definitely feel a pressure on my rectum. I could feel her sliding her length into me, inch my inch. The pressure started to subside & was replaced by an overwhelming pleasure causing my legs to wobble & buckle a little.
"That's your prostate," Victoria said, steadying me by grabbing me around the waist, "I'm going to massage it with my cock while I fuck you. Are you ready baby??"
"Yes," I replied, "Please fuck me Victoria"
She started slowly, sliding in & out of my ass, & gradually increased her pace until she was pounding me. I could feel her balls slapping against mine & the sound of her panting, my moaning, & our skin slapping against each other filled the room.
"Your ass is so tight baby," she purred, "You're going to make me cum soon. Do you want my cum baby, do you want me to fill your ass with my seed???"
"Yes," I cried out, "Give me your cum, fuck me Victoria!!"
She shoved her cock into my ass to the hilt & held me there, impaled on her dick. Her erection was throbbing against my prostate, driving me wild & my dick started leaking cum, like a broken faucet, all over the bed.
"I'm cumming, Tommy," she cried out, "Take my seed baby!!"
I felt her cock explode inside me, coating my insides, filling me with her semen. She started thrusting again, driving her dick deep inside of me, pumping me full of her cum. She came so much I could feel it running out my ass & down my legs. After she pumped what felt like a gallon of cum into my bowels, she stopped, totally spent from our fuck session & collapsed onto the bed. I laid down beside her & took her tit into my mouth, like a suckling child. I stroked her cock a few times, milking the last few drops of her cum from her softening dick, & brought it to my mouth to taste her again.
"Oh my God Tommy," she said, almost gasping for breath, "That was amazing baby."
"Thank you for being so gentle & loving with me," I said, "I couldn't imagine my first time being any more perfect."
"When do you go back to school??" she asked.
"Not for another month," I replied.
"Mmmmmmm," she said, licking her lips, "we've got plenty of time then for some more lessons."
It may be a pretty good summer after all, I thought.