Author: Tenyari
Title: Naked Girl - First Super Caper. (7596 Words)
Part: Chapter 3
Universe: Naked Supers
Keywords: F, exhib, voy, viol, Super, naked
Summary: Marya takes on the world as a uncostumed super. Is she
Hero or Villain?
Copyright: August 8, 2002 - all rights reversed.

THIS STORY IS INTENDED FOR ADULT READING ONLY

Feedback is desired but please be kind and constructive.

Archived at:
     http://www.asstr.org/~tenyari/
     ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/tenyari/
-----------------------------------------------------------------
     Even a Naked super girl has to go to school if she wants to
keep her secret identity. Marya certainly wasn't about to give up
the rest of her life just because she had powers. 'I may be a
mutant, but I'm also a woman with a chance at one of the best
schools in the country.'
     The first few days were fairly normal. It was like going to
high school, only bigger. Walking into a room with so many
students you had to watch the professor on a TV screen would take
getting used to. Not all her classes were like that, but
certainly the general courses ran big and impersonal. With no
major yet, her schedule was a bit eclectic: English 1A,
Introduction to Anthropology, Trigonometry, and Art: Figure
Drawing.
     Art class looked promising, a lot of nude models; which
would be fun. She thought of signing up to pose. If she had to be
nude anytime she went super, she might as well get used to it;
learn to like it. Second thoughts crept in on the third class,
when the model was a beautiful black girl who kept spreading her
snatch at the Asian guy next to Marya. Fortunately it was a day
for quick sketches, two minute contour line drawings; no looking
at the paper till you where done. Of course that meant she got
more than an eyeful of the girl's click just hang'n there wait'n
for a kiss. A sight she found disturbing yet beautiful. She
wondered why it made her wet, never having been one to look at
girls before.
     The rest of her schedule was a mad dash of department
attempts to get students to wash out. Ranging from a hundred to
several hundred students per class, with graduate students doing
the real teaching in afternoon seminars. Marya quickly decided
most of these professors couldn't teach to save their lives; they
were just here to get research grants. She wondered if Berkeley
had been the right choice, still it would be a good resume item
if she made it through. 'Am I eva gonna need it though? What
good's a degree for a job bustin up villains and mad scientists?'
Still, she would do her brother proud.
     The students were interesting. So out of her world -so many
rich kids, foreign kids, and hippies looking to catch a dream
over 30 years dead. Filtered through her jaded eyes they were
paragons of The Man, suburban kids born to a luxury she never
knew.
     She doubted any of them had to wear second hand clothes not
by choice of fashion, but from poverty. She doubted any of them
had ever been raped in the back of a high school bathroom. She
doubted any had seen their boyfriend's gunned down in a drive by.
She doubted any had ever seen a super turn a blind to her cries
for help cause she just didn't matter to his image.
     They were the rich kids from over the hill, the people
she'd grown up to hate. Now she was among them, cast out of her
element into a world she'd only dreamed of joining. Up close,
they didn't look so bad -when they didn't know what she was,
didn't know a hoodrat when they saw one- they seemed like normal
people. She thought she knew better, but found herself wondering
more and more every day.
     'If Daryl hadn't died, would I be one of them? Are they
really so different?' She knew better than to think it was about
color, after all, she wasn't even black. It was about class. It's
easy to learn hate -part of human nature- but it's hard to give
it up. Still, if she was going to make it here, she'd have to
learn to accept these people -figure out who they were.
     
     Those early days went by fast. Every night after school
Marya would fly up into the sky looking for trouble. That's what
heroes did wasn't it? It was getting rather expensive though -all
the burned away clothes. She started dressing minimal, started
looking for places to stash outfits. The campus rooftops would
soon become a pervert's wet dream; a scattered array of women's
clothing. That might get her dressed after the fact, but it still
didn't solve the initial problem.
     Day three she decided to try something new. Stepping out of
art class she went for a secluded set of trees and quickly
stripped. Marya put everything in her pack and thought of being
Super. The change moved through her, a little less blurry than on
the first day. She felt the sudden onslaught to her senses, the
growth of dampness between her thighs and the increase of weight
on her chest. As for her bag, she tried to put it on and made to
jump into the sky; but as soon as her arms were through, it was
ashes at her feet; her books and purse spilled out onto the dirt.
"Well shit! What am I supposed to do now?"
     She bent over to pick up her things, unaware of a group of
guys coming down the path with their lunches in hand.
     "Hey, check that cunt out!" the voice of a white male
called out from behind her.
     His black companion filled in "Damn! That's some fine yak
butter honey! Check that chassie."
     Which led to a chorus of voices joining in "Shiiee..."
     "Turn around bitch and give us the rest o' the Product."
     "Man she crackin'"
     "I'll take a piece o' that."
     Marya froze. 'Well, I'm going to have to deal with this
sooner or later.' Without looking back she straightened her legs
and spread apart a little further, improving the view
dramatically as she picked up her books. The boys where treated
with the sight of her spread pussy, wetness dripping down her
thighs and a click visible even from the 20 feet away where they
stood, transfixed. Between the lovely view her breasts hung down
and waved to and fro and she worked to gather her supplies, her
face still hidden by her activity.
     "Damn..." the chorus offered. It was about all their brains
could still handle.
     Marya rose slowly, turned around even slower. She was
turned on like crazy by the act. 'Now I feel like a Twirk. I'm
sooo fuck'n ready.' She looked over her audience, licking her
lips. 'I better lay some rules down fast, or I'll end up some
cheap ass benda, hitting it wit every guy I meet for the rest of
my days.'
     "You want it boyz?" Marya said as she ran a hand through
her slit. "Well come on over and get it..."
     As group, they advanced; some of them looking around to see
if anyone was watching. There were six of them in all, a mix of
black and white, but all dressed like wannabe gangstas.
     "If you can stand the heat." Marya finished, as she burst
into flames, a devilish look in her eyes.
     "Shit!"
     "What the fuck?!"
     "Da bitch's a super!"
     "No... fuck..."
     "I think I'm in love..."
     "Fuck! Ball out man!"
     They scattered and ran. Marya broke out into uncontrolled
laughter, still burning like a bright inferno, still clutching
her books to her breasts. She was too distracted to notice they
weren't burning, and too distracted to see her sister and Marissa
watching from a side path.
     Tisha had come late, just in time to see Marya straighten
her legs when bent over, but not soon enough to see who this girl
really was. "Marissa! It's her. Phat! She got game. Seein' that,
I could almost go for beatin' it with a bitch."
     Marissa edged a step away from Tisha at those words. Then
seeing Marya run her hand through her slit, took three steps into
Tisha, till their hips touched and the two shuddered
unconsciously.
     They stood in awed silence as the boys ran off.
     For her part, Marya was charged with sexual energy, feeling
like she could fuck an army and keep going. "Oh that was tight!
But god I feel ready..." She ran her hand through her snatch
again. "Oooh... This is gonna to drive me wild... I need a fuck."
     Hearing this, Tisha got the nerve to move forward. "Hey
girl..."
     Marya turned, that voice was too familiar. 'Shit! Not
Tisha, not now...'
     Marya looked over the girls she knew all too well. Her
sister and her high school peer. They were odd friends, having
shared the same man. 'Now I really gotta ball out.'
     Tisha saw her tense down, ready to jump. "Hey don't go..."
But it was too late; Marya was in the clouds.
     "Damn..." Marissa offered.
     "No shit. Wait'll Marya hears this. Her Art class is just
down here."
     Marissa looked at her watch. "She aught'ta be out by now.
We could get some pizza."
     The two friends continued on, looking for Marya; never
making the connection.
     
     Marya was frustrated. This nude thing was bad enough,
always loosing her clothes. But the turn on made it a living
nightmare. She'd gone solo so many times in the past few days she
was starting to worry her muscles would get uneven -worried she'd
end up with the right hand of a body builder.
     And she still hadn't found anything to bust up. 'Wasn't it
supposed to be easier to find crime?'
     
     It took a week to find it: a week of frustration, burned up
clothes, and sneaking into the house naked. A week of patrolling
the skies and avoiding being sighted as best she could. Not that
rumors hadn't begun to spread already.
     Saturday evening found a very naked Marya descending from
the sky to a liquor store in Richmond, looking to buy a soda.
'Hope they don't have a no shirt, no service policy; cause I'm
thirsty.' She'd taken to braiding a few bills into her hair -just
in case- for some reason jewelry didn't burn up with her clothes.
Anything that might make her look sexier, as long as it wasn't
clothing or lingerie; seemed to be able to survive the
transformation. 'Cosmic pervert indeed'. It was pure luck, her
choice of stop-n-rob...
     As she walked the aisles, aware of the shocked lusting
stare of the Pakistani clerk, two guys with Asian eyes dressed as
gangsta's came in, ski masks already in place. One of the men
pulled a pistol as he made his way in, aiming at the man behind
the counter.
     His partner tossed a bag on the counter and said "fill it
S.a.m., or ma patna bust's a cap in yo ass."
     The man behind the counter looked scared, but complied. His
hands opened the register as his eyes scanned the men, moved back
to Marya, and then to his task.
     The gaze was not lost on the thugs, and the one without a
gun turned and locked eyes with a startled Marya "Fuck'n Shit G,
check this out!"
     The other cast his gaze back briefly, just long enough for
the clerk to hit a panic button. "Shiiee, looks like we got us
some snatch. Yo bitch, getcha ass up here."
     "Yeah honey, you comin' wit us." The unarmed one said as he
moved towards Marya.
     "You boyz want a piece of this?" Marya smiled back with a
crazed look in her eyes. In her mind she was thinking 'I've been
looking all week for this, and all I had to do was go and buy a
soda...'
     "Don't play wit me bitch." The goon made to grab her arm as
Marya stepped back.
     "Miss, don't make any trouble..." the store clerk pleaded
as he stuffed the bag.
     "Yo, fuck you man!" The goon with the gun shoved it in the
clerk's direction for emphasis.
     "I think you boyz should leave." Marya said, a fire
starting in her eyes.
     The one goon looking at her said "What the fuck...?"
     The other just got pissed "Bitch you had yo chance." He
pulled his gun around and fired on her.
     This was when Marya realized she didn't know if she could
stop a bullet. Her hand went up, as if to block a punch, she
cringed back and thought 'No! Stop!' Black tendrils shot out of
her nipples and snatched the bullet out of the air passing it to
another tendril coming out of her pussy -a tendril with teeth. As
all four stood in shock it took the bullet and chewed it,
spitting it out like old tobacco into a wet mess on the floor.
Then the tendrils were gone. 'ew, gross.' Marya thought. The
men's thoughts were a lot less pleasant, staring at one of the
most beautiful women they could imagine, naked before them; they
shriveled up as each cringed with the possibilities of what
they'd witnessed.
     Marya straightened with confidence. 'That answers that
question...' She looked over her audience and lit up in flames.
"Drop the 9, blade."
     "A'ight" the stunned gangsta let out. He put the gun on the
counter. The dynamics of the encounter had changed. The two thugs
may have been fools, but they weren't stupid. You don't get into
a scrap with a super, naked or not.
     Well that was anti-climatic. 'Damn, when do I get to blast
some krunk?' Marya looked over the scene. "You two sit over
there." She put the thugs in clear view of the security camera.
"Take the gun S.a.m." She motioned to the clerk, who was standing
there with his hands half in the loot bag, his jaw scrapping the
floor.
     The goons sat in their corner like lost puppies, watching
her and waiting for a chance to ball out.
     "Damn... dis sheit is wack." The former shooter muttered.
     His partner was back to eyeing her up and down. "Check it
man, she so ready -drippin' out her snatch" he whispered.
     Marya heard their every word, wondering what to do next.
She could feel her juices making their way down her bare thighs.
'He's right; I'm soaked. If I don't get outa here soon I'm gonna
hav ta tear it up with them...' She gave him a hard look "Shut yo
mouth foo."
     The man behind the counter said: "Police are on their way."
     "Yeah..." Marya answered. 'Last thing I need; to be down at
the station for hours making statements.' She looked back to the
clerk holding the gun. "You got it covered?"
     He nodded, his eyes back to roaming her body.
     Marya went back and got a soda. "Here..." she pulled a
dollar out of her hair and dropped it on the counter. "It's been
real boyz..." she said as she made her way outside. She stood in
the night air looking around as a patrol car pulled up catching
her in its headlights. 'Time to fly.' As the cop stepped out she
took to the air.
     "What the hell was that?" The officer looked up in wonder,
then made his way into the store.
     The rest of the evening went uneventful and Marya
eventually snuck her way into the house. She didn't think about
it as she stepped from her room to the bathroom, back to her
normal body, but still nude. She came face to face with Keith,
Tisha's boyfriend, making his way out of her sister's room with
the same goal in mind.
     "Whoa. Marya, you're naked!" His eyes locked on her breasts
as they gave a soft bounce to her a sudden halt.
     Tisha popped her head out of her room "Girl you flash'n ma
man?"
     "Um..." Marya began; only now becoming self aware as a
blush filled her brown skin.
     "Keith, get yo ass back in here. Don' be check'n out ma
sista like dat."
     Keith had his own blush going, a few private fantasies
finally fulfilled. He gave Marya's body a once over and turned
around to look at Tisha; hoping the bulge in his jeans wasn't too
visible. In the back of his mind he was thinking 'they aren't
really sisters, so it wouldn't be incest...'
     Tisha looked from Keith to Marya. "Girl, you been run'n
round naked all week in the house. You feel'n fine?" Everything
looked damn fine from where Keith was standing.
     "Well..." Marya began.
     "That Naked super girl's gett'n to yo head..." Tisha
stated, unaware of just how true her words were.
     "Everybody's seen her but me..." Keith sadly stated.
     "Boy you don't need to see nut'n." Tisha finished.
     Marya quickly dodged into the bathroom. Tisha yelling out
behind her "Put some clothes on girl."
     In the bathroom Marya splashed her face with water and
looked into the mirror. 'What am I doing? Am I getting into it
even when I'm not super?' She had to be this way when super, but
if she was forgetting to dress up again after, what next? "I need
to figure this out. I need a plan." She said to herself as she
did her thing. Marya flushed and went back to her room. She heard
Keith move through the hallway again as she sat down to think
about her situation, still without clothes.
     
     She'd had her powers for almost a week. In that time she'd
burned up over ten outfits, plus her favorite nightgown and her
backpack. She'd only had one heroic moment with crime, and it had
been fairly anti climatic. It was nothing like the stuff on the
news or the super mags. She'd been horny as hell; constantly wet
both in and out of super form. With no man to please her, self
abuse had become a regular ritual. Just thinking about it was
bringing back the urge, but she fought it as best she could. She
didn't need to be squealing out with Keith in the other room.
     The biggest problem was clothing. Marya simply couldn't
afford to keep burning them up. 'So what do I do?' she pondered.
Stashing them in a backpack hadn't worked. She couldn't really do
a striptease out in public anyway. 'If this keeps up, normal me's
gonna have to move to a nudist colony.'
     She could go public. Get a rep and let world know who she
was. Then maybe they'd let her be naked all the time. 'Yeah
right, and risk somebody going after Mom and Tish to get even
with me...' No, she had to keep her identity a secret somehow.
She could give up her normal life, run away and be Naked Girl all
the time. 'Mom and Tish would never get over it, and I love them
too much to walk out.' She would just have to come up with some
kind of plan for discarding clothes where she could get them back
later.
     
     There was another problem, the time it took to find action
when on patrol. She'd had only one lame bust so far. 'How do the
supers do it? How do they seem to just know where to go?'
     Daryl had been like that, according to Nessy. He could walk
into a room and sniff out a rat. He seemed to follow clues no one
else could spot, like something was leading him on. He was always
there, where it was about to happen, or where it was going down.
Drawn to the moment, like the supers. But he wasn't one of them,
or was he? Would he have been if he'd lived longer? Marya
wondered about her brother. Fourteen years and she'd never
forgotten him, never forgotten his face, his voice, the way his
spirit moved through everyone in a room. She didn't remember much
else of being 4 years old, but she remembered him.
     If Daryl had it, maybe she did too. Maybe it was just
locked inside somewhere, one more power still waiting to come
out. Marya'd spent the whole week thinking 'find the crime, find
the villain'. That's how the powers worked, think about it and it
happened, but nothing came of it with this. Other than the powers
themselves, life was insisting on being as normal and mundane as
possible. Those thugs in the store had taken her completely by
surprise. She had finally stopped thinking about it, and there
they were.
     She had to figure it out, had to know how it worked. How do
you step up to that new reality? How do you enter a world where
the villains and heroes were around every corner, where you were
always there in the nick of time? That world was around her; she
saw it on the news, read about it in magazines. It was where the
other supers lived, good and bad. A world denied to the norms;
who only crossed paths with it in those strange unlucky moments.
     Marya racked her brains over the issue for hours, getting
nowhere. She knew about paradigms, she knew about archetypes,
she'd even read up on meme's in a philosophy class. But this was
something different, something bigger. Not just in the mind. It
was like there were two worlds, one layered over the other,
intersecting at critical points. Violent points, climatic points,
times when it mattered. She was in the middle; granted the
abilities of one world, but still rooted in the other.
     It was driving her wild, till she finally went to sleep on
it, forgetting Tisha, Keith, Nessy, dinner, her homework, all of
it.
     "Must be boy crazed" Tisha told Keith when they got to talk
about her sister. "Finally sweet on some cat."
     "Marya?" Keith questioned. "She never dates... Every guy in
school was after her."
     "Every guy..?" Tisha cut in.
     "Well, almost every guy." Keith defended. He gave Tisha a
look of devotion and added "-Second- finest girl in school, and
she skipped the prom."
     Tisha remembered going to that prom with Keith, had they
been together that long?
     
     Marya had another wild dream that night. Flying high again,
Coyote nipping at her heals; Raven at her side. Then it hit her;
they were wearing blindfolds. What did that mean? They seemed
sure of foot and wing, knowing where they were going. She felt
lost, scanning the clouds, scanning the hills, the wide open
plains, and the seas beyond.
     Raven stopped to land in a tree. Coyote sat down at the
base. They were looking out over a large open field. Beneath her
there were buffalo. There was something in there, running among
them. She couldn't see it when she looked; only when she turned
away did she know it was there.
     
     In the morning, when she woke, the dream was a haze. It was
Sunday so the family of three spent a lazy morning together,
Keith long gone the previous night. Ness might've given up her
daughter's virtue, but she wasn't about to let a boy sleep over.
     There was an interesting picture in the super's section of
the paper. Tisha found it. "Hey Mar, check it out: Naked Girl."
She passed the paper over.
     There was a grainy security camera image of the liquor
store from the night before. Marya could see her super self, back
to the camera, a blazing inferno standing in front of the two
hoodlums. Her ass bare to the world with a handy caption below:
"Naked Super Girl breaks up robbery! Who is she?" The article
gave a few brief stats on the robbery and a short interview with
the clerk. It Seemed focused on her good looks, thankfully not
mentioning the weird nature of her Chaos Energy. The writer had
clearly been forced to edit out a few interesting terms about her
anatomy.
     'Well that's my life now' Marya thought. 'A walking snatch,
the superhuman T&A show.' "Interesting..." was all she said as
she passed it back to Tisha, who then shared it with mom.
     
     Marya still didn't know what to do about the clothing
issue, last night's brainstorm had only produced more questions.
For now she figured it was time to start shopping at the second
hand stories again. Ness had stopped buying the girls cheap
outfits when they hit their teens. As a woman she knew she
couldn't put a teenage daughter through that kind of humiliation,
so she'd set aside every cent she could to keep them in the best
fashions possible. While the rich girls shopped in trendy second
hand stores to be cool, the poor kids shopped the mall to avoid
shame.
     Now Marya had no choice. Until she found a solution, she
simply couldn't afford any other option. She must've burned up
over a thousand in clothes with those ten outfits the past week.
She looked at her outfit -a simple nightgown she'd tossed on
after getting up- wondering if it would survive the day.
     A second step in her strategy would be to identify
convenient places to strip: nude beaches, local naturist clubs,
parks, that sort of thing. Marya figured she could get on that
after she got home.
     "So wat'cha doin' today?" Tisha asked over morning coffee.
     "Figured I'd get some new outfits."
     Tisha perked up, like any teenage girl, going clothes
shopping was an instant sell for a day's activity. "There's a
place in the City Marissa been talk'n bout. They got some phat
skirts..."
     "...I was thinking maybe the Goodwill, or Ross. Jus' stuff
for school." Marya countered, looking a little upset with
herself.
     "Oh... You feel'n ok? Run'n round da house naked, now you
talk'n bout wear'n dog-ass clothes..."
     "Yeah. I jus don't want to mess my good stuff." Marya
answered.
     Tisha shook her head and went back to the paper, not too
keen on the idea of being seen in a second hand store.
     When Marya left to prep Tisha looked over at her mom and
said "Well I thought she got a man, but that don't make no
sense."
     "Hmmm..." was all Ness said, her own mind trying to figure
a puzzle with obviously missing pieces.
     Marya was down minutes later. Cut off shorts, backless bare
tummy halter-top, cheap sandals, and a bikini bottom underneath.
No bra. She'd tied a small purse into a waist chain. She had a
plan; she was hoping the chain would work like jewelry and let
her keep the purse.
     "Yo bust'n out?" Tisha called as Marya opened the door.
     Marya nodded back, call'n back "Lata sis."
     When she was gone Tisha shook her head again and muttered
"Girl loos'n her game..."
     
     Marya hated what she was up to, but what choice was there?
'This shit is wack.' She thought as she got off the bus. She
would have made quite a spectacle bouncing in her halter-top; but
this was California and she was just one more pretty girl. There
was an Exchange on Telegraph, a place full of trendy college
girls, Goths, and Hippies. But it was used, so she tried it
first. A few nice dresses, some cool jeans, and all the combat
boots she might ever want -all way out of her budget.
     Two hours later and two trips to less fashionable spots had
her a hundred fifty short but restocked. It wasn't all that
bad... the clothes were descent, if worn. Some long cotton skirts
like the hippies wore, a few shorts, some simple T's, slip-on
shoes, and even a few halters. All stuffed into a new shoulder
bag. She went for easy to remove, hoping she could find a way to
save it. No underwear, it wouldn't last anyway. 'I hope I don't
start sagging...' B-Town was full of those old -burn the bra-
hippies from the sixties, the dangers of their choice were plain
to anyone passing by now.
     She took the bus uphill to Tilden Park. Lake Anza had a
small beach and a changing room. She wasn't there to sun, but it
was handy nevertheless. Marya put everything in a locker but the
bikini bottom and waist chain she wore as she left. The locker
key was attached to her chain. Not many women braved it, but the
beach was top free tolerant.
     Marya was greeted with "Whoa..." from a young man her age
as she walked along the water catching stares. She took a swim,
crossing the small lake and getting out on the other side. It was
easy to get lost into the trees, and when she felt secure from
prying eyes Marya dropped her bottom and thought of being super.
The change was instant now, a sudden flash across her eyes like a
scene wipe in a movie.
     Marya looked down with joy. Her chain was still there,
along with the key. 'Oh! Hadn't thought about that, could'a lost
my key.' Aloud she pumped her fist and whispered "yes!" She
grabbed her bikini bottom, flew up; and tied it into a treetop.
     
     Now she was free. She flew off for the coast, going for a
Sunday joyride as the wind rushed against her body. She stopped
over the Golden Gate to perch on the southern suspension and
watch the traffic below. The wind felt wonderful, the soft caress
of a gentle lover hitting all the right spots at once. Marya
smiled, glad to be alive. Unaware she'd been spotted. Unaware of
the man with the binoculars and the show she gave him as she
cupped her breasts, then ran her hands through her hair.
     Something was coming towards her. Fast. Moving in from the
high rises of downtown San Francisco. But she didn't see it, her
eyes catching the sight of pink forms on a beach to the
southwest. Marya flew down to get a better look. "Are they..."
she moved in closer to confirm. "They are! It's a nude beach!"
She'd found Baker Beach, along the north end a small cluster of
nude bodies awaited her arrival, her subjects awaiting an
unclaimed queen.
     As she dropped to the beach that something moving in from
the city lost her behind Fort Mason. It, or rather he, perched
atop the same spot on the bridge, looking down to the beach. His
cape flowed with the wind around his red and black hawk's
costume. "I could swear she was naked." He said to himself. Then
he took off, the call of justice pulling him north, though he
didn't know it yet.
     On the beach Marya made quite a site coming in from the
sky. A number of people stood to watch her, most of the men
quickly lost interest and went back to each other. A group of
mostly women went to her though, like pigeons going for crumbs.
     "Hey I saw you in the paper!"
     "So you're a naturist?"
     "What's it like to fly?"
     "Aren't you worried about getting arrested?"
     "Does it get cold up there?"
     "What are your powers?"
     "Is this your costume then?"
     Marya answered as best she could. "No, I'm not a naturist.
Flying is wonderful; you can feel everything on your skin." She
twirled around for emphasis. "Arrest me? Are you kidding? I'd
like to see them try." The look in her eyes made the women step
back, most people forgot it was legal for a super to be nude. "I
never thought about the cold, but no, it don't bother me. One of
my powers is fire, maybe that's why. Yeah, this is my costume I
guess."
     One woman, a middle aged blond, piped in "Why naked, even I
couldn't do that if I was a super. They've all got costumes..."
     Marya looked at her and asked, "can I have that scarf? I
won't be able to give it back..."
     "Uh... sure, why?"
     "Watch." Marya put the scarf over her head, tying it into a
nice little hat. Fire and then ashes, she was nude again.
     "Oh..."
     "Yeah." Marya said.
     "Well that explains the costume."
     Marya chuckled. "I guess it does, doesn't it?"
     "Well you should be proud. Body acceptance and the Naturist
lifestyle are wonderful things."
     "Textiles don't know what they're missing." Another woman
offered up.
     Marya worked to avoid rolling her eyes. "Yeah... guess
so..."
     "And anyway, look at you; one of the people, a Native
American princess. This is your land, you should do whatever you
want."
     Marya worked real hard to control her eyes... 'Shit...
Hippie nudists... next thing they'll have me doing a rain dance.'
     Hit by divine inspiration the woman offered; "You know any
rain dances? My spirit guide taught me a rain dance to
Grandmother Spider."
     'Where she get that from? Some punk ass fool juiced her up
good.' Aloud she said "No... I..." 'If I say my crib's in
Oaktown, they won't get it. If I say they're full of shit...'
"The elders didn't teach me any yet." She didn't know if she
wanted to bust out laughing or run away screaming.
     Marya suffered a few more minutes of patronization before
asking "Whassup with those guys?" as she gestured to a group of
men doing everything they could to ignore the women. "A nude
beach this close to the City... shouldn't there be guys gawking
or taking pictures or somth'n?"
     "Well... this is San Francisco..." A lone man in her crowd
offered.
     Marya looked confused for a minute, then she got it.
"Oooooh..."
     "Yeah." A woman sighed. "They're gawking, just not at us."
     The few men on the beach actually paying attention to women
were already in couples. The rest were laying the product out for
each other. Unless she could sing like Cher; the naked super girl
was not worthy of their notice.
     In a way it was actually nice to stand there and chat in
the nude. In her super form, Marya was in a constant state of
sexual arousal, nipples hard and damp below. Yet the women
politely ignored her obvious state. The one man in the group
looked her over with casual interest, somehow not getting hard in
a crowd of naked women. The constant chatter and his age allowed
her to conceal the glances she made of him, and her keen eyes
caught a few of the women stealing the same glances whenever he
wasn't looking.
     It was just too bad they were so full of idealism and
patronizing views of noble savages. In time the group sat down
and Marya relaxed under the sun for an hour. Rubbing borrowed
lotion into her nude skin was a strange experience. Touching her
breasts was a private matter, but none of them paid it any mind.
Strangely, the group never exchanged names. Perhaps they sensed
she didn't have a handle, a hero ID, and felt awkward giving
their names to someone who couldn't answer back.
     In time she got up, said her goodbyes, and flew off north
across the bay and up the coast, drawn to something.
     The pull wasn't strong enough though, and she stopped at
Stinson, thinking of a ranger she'd met last week.
     For his part Paul had never been able to get her out of his
mind. But he figured she must've forgotten him by now. What was
one ordinary guy to a naked super heroine?
     The knock on the door to his small park office was not a
major surprise, but the girl greeting him on the other side was.
     She was 5 foot 7, dark native skin, shoulder length raven
hair, naked with hard nipples on full breasts and an engorged
clit poking out between a thin black bush. She stood leaning one
hand against the door frame, the other raised to knock, and
smelling of sex.
     "Hi."
     "Hi..." Paul gulped.
     "You said drop by anytime..."
     "Yeah... um..." Paul looked about behind her then reached
forward to her waist. "Come on in." He pulled her in and shut the
door.
     Marya bounded over to his desk and sat up on it, spreading
her legs enough to drop her hands down to the edge of the desk
between her thighs. She kicked out his chair for him to sit down.
Paul sat hard, falling into his chair; his eyes locked on her
breasts as they were pushed up into an amazing presentation.
     He swallowed thick and Marya smiled at him. 'I so need to
fuck this guy...' she thought; but held back, afraid.
     "So how you been?" Paul asked.
     "It's been wonderful! Frustrating, but wonderful."
     "Oh?"
     "I keep burning up my clothes... And look at me..." She
cupped her breasts and spread her legs a bit for him. "I can't
stop thinking about sex... It's bug'n me out."
     Paul couldn't help himself. His eyes devoured her crotch in
sweet bliss. He found himself unconsciously taking a deep sniff.
     "Yeah... I smell it too." Marya stated. She'd almost grown
used to the constant smell of feminine arousal. Almost. "It just
don't go away."
     "Um..." Paul stammered out, not sure if he was about to be
luckiest man alive, not about to press his luck and blow it.
     "But otherwise it's been real. I'm still figuring it all
out." She resumed her former position; idly letting her legs kick
back and forth.
     "I saw you in the paper this morning." Paul glanced to a
newspaper on the desk. "I've been checking the super section
every day."
     Marya thought 'Wow... this guy -is- sweet on me...' "Oh?"
she said.
     "Yeah..."
     Marya sighed and looked around.
     "So..." Paul offered.
     "Hm?"
     "What brings you by?" Paul asked hopefully.
     "Passing through, figured I'd say hi." Marya waved a hand.
     "Oh..." Paul hid his disappointment by looking her over.
     Marya put her finger to her lip, chewing down on a nail.
She waited for Paul to finish, then catching his eyes came out
with "You want it don't you?"
     "..." Paul let out a deep breath as blush came over him. He
squirmed in his chair trying to get comfort from an uncomfortable
erection.
     "I ain't stupid boy. Sit'n here naked... God, I want it
to... but..." Marya let her finger go.
     "But..?" Paul looked back with lust in his eyes.
     "When I cum... it explodes out of me..." Marya blushed.
     "Lots of girls..." Paul began but Marya cut him off
     "No... not like that. I mean the Power."
     "Oh..."
     "I dunno if I can ever do it... you know... with someone."
Marya leaned back, looking up as she said this.
     Paul couldn't think of anything to say, so he just watched
her. He was thinking it must be pure torture, turned on like
that, and not able to do anything about it.
     For her part Marya was holding back a desire to jump the
boy. 'I don't want to hurt him...' She was hoping she could
control the growing urges. They were even starting to seep into
her in her normal body. Sitting here with this guy, who obviously
wanted her like she wanted him only made it worse.
     "Hey..." he pulled a card off his desk, from next to her
thigh, and gave it over. "Stop by sometime. We could..."
     Marya took the card, his address, email, and phone number.
She nodded, placing it into the little purse on her chain.
     Paul reached out to touch her leg and it was electric.
Marya shuddered at the light touch, feeling it through her legs
and straight to her sex. Her eyes shut and then looked back to
Paul. "Wow... too much, I need a dip in that ocean of yours." She
was thinking 'If I don't jet I'm gonna burst.'
     Paul pulled back, surprised that a simple touch could do so
much.
     "Gotta jet." Marya bounced off the table and made for the
door.
     "Hey will I..?" Paul began, but she was gone.
     
     Marya flew out of the building, making a beeline for the
ocean. She dove right in and came up seconds later a mile out.
"Oh god! What's got'n into me?" She was cool now, the moment
passed, but the frustration still sharp.
     She checked her purse; the card was wet, but readable. She
thought about going back to chat with Paul. Find out who he was,
talk about herself a bit. Let loose. But something called her
north.
     
     A hundred miles on she came down over Clear Lake. There was
a resort town around the lake, full of white trash in trailer
parks. It was a whole new kind of ghetto to Marya. She flittered
from tree top to tree top, with the occasional roof.
     Marya'd called this her day off, no searching for crime, no
searching for supers. Just a day to wander around, but something
was pulling at her, bringing her here.
     She hadn't been aware of it till the lake came into view.
Now the feeling was growing stronger, narrowing in as she circled
the town. It was that feeling you get when a drive by's about to
happen, or 5-0's around the corner.
     Staying high she kept out of view for the most part, but it
was a small town, and she didn't avoid all eyes. There were a few
pointing hands, a few "Ooo"s and "Aahh"s, and the odd camera
catching a fleeting moment. After an hour of wandering she
settled in a tree overlooking a row of trailer homes. Whatever it
was, it was down there. She didn't see the news van hanging back
watching, nor the figure in the shadows on the edge waiting to
make his move. Marya was new at this; she hadn't learned what to
look for.
     She also hadn't learned how to judge a situation...
     A woman stepped out of a trailer, looking around and
walking towards an old beat up chevy impala. 'A ghetto car,
that's funny...' Marya thought. The woman was dressed in torn
jeans and an old white blouse. She had long brown hair falling
around the face of poverty: hard lines, hard eyes, and sunken
skin. White, poor, maybe 35 to 40; Marya could paint her black
and she'd be right at home in Oaktown.
     There was a flash of motion from across the way, something
moving fast, very fast. Marya saw it and turned, so did the
woman, but the news van missed it. In a moment of impact the
woman was on the ground, blood pouring freely from a gash in her
belly. A dark figure in black with red stripes stood over her,
his cape flowing in a non-existent wind. "You won't get away this
time bitch," was all he said.
     Not that Marya was listening. "What the fuck..?" She jumped
from her perch on fire. Who the hell was that bastard and why did
he just gut an innocent woman? She was mad as hell. These weren't
her people, but an hour in the town had told her their story.
They were the same kind as her -the forgotten- ghetto trash. Race
didn't matter; it was all about class.
     "Hey asshole!" She yelled out. The figure turned around
just in time to catch a blast of black fire straight into the
chest. He flew back into the chevy impala, smashing in a foot
deep.
     Marya was a blazing, nude inferno. She moved to the woman
but stopped. The man embedded in the car was getting up. He stood
tall and imposing, shaking his head, then glaring at her. "So...
I did see a nude super on the bridge... You must be her new
partner..."
     "What?" Marya got out, before a blur of motion slammed into
her. She felt something hot cutting into her above the breasts as
she was pushed back into a tree. She looked down and saw three
scratches there, a faint line of blood forming in their place.
"Shit! Betta not scar..." Her power had saved her though, the
strike had been meant to kill.
     Marya looked up. The man stood a short distance away. It
was Red Hawk, a member of Guard, America's favorite super team.
She was in his freak'n fan club.
     
     The news van was getting it all. A live feed straight to
the network. Back at home Tisha was channel surfing when she saw
it. "Mom! Mom...!" Her eyes glued to the set as her sister fought
for her life on national television. "She a villain a'ight...
wait'll I tell Mar..."
     "Whoa... they can't show that on television!" Ness came out
of the kitchen to watch. Catching a close up of Marya's nude body
panting from exertion as fire burned in her eyes. Neither
recognized the girl in her changed form.
     Tisha rolled her eyes "Dey can wit supers. Eva sins Light
boy..."
     Ness blushed. She remembered Light boy, no woman in her
generation could ever forgot a man that well hung... Too bad his
powers didn't work on his costume... "Oh... yeah..."
     
     "You punk ass fuck!" Marya declared. "You could'a killed
her."
     Hawk wiped some blood from his lip and shrugged. "It takes
force to fight force."
     He put his claws at the ready but this time Marya saw him
coming and blasted him good; right back into the chevy. Then she
saw the news team. "Shit!" she looked straight into the camera.
"This isn't right!" she yelled out. 'I gotta get outa here...'
she looked down at the fallen woman, still breathing, but out
cold.
     Marya bolted, flying off into the sky.
     A moment later Hawk came to his senses and freed himself
from the wreck. He pulled a note from behind his cape and came
over to the fallen woman. "Mary J. Saunders, a.k.a. Blood Witch;
you're under arrest for the murders of Iron Jack and Blue Bonnet,
as well as..." he scanned the note "assorted robberies,
kidnappings, and... whatever... I'll let the boys downtown give
you the full list when you come to."
     Hawk looked into the sky "And you Naked Girl, you're next."
     
     
     
     Slang Terms:
     Where used I've tried to keep them clear by context. A lot
of dialog is also words misspelled to match the ghetto sound.
Sounding them out can help in understanding.
     
     5-0: Police
     9: handgun, as in 9mm
     A'ight: All Right
     Ball Out: Leave
     Beatin' it: Having sex
     Benda: Girl who loves to fuck anyone, with no standards.
     Blade: sucka, fool
     Boyz: gang friends
     Bust a cap: Shoot a gun
     Bust'n out: Taking off. Leaving
     Click: Clitoris
     Crib: Home
     Foo: Fool
     G: Friend
     Gangsta: Gangster
     Honey: Attractive Female
     Juice: Working a woman over for money rather than sexual
interest.
     Krunk: Stupid moron.
     Patna: Partner
     Phat: Cool
     Product: T&A
     S.a.m.: Sorry as man
     Tear it up: have sex
     Wack: Crazy, weird, bad in a negative way.
     Yak Butter: Pussy
     
