"Don't shake me, Jeremy, for god's sake!" says James, knocking Jeremy's hand away. "I won't be bullied!"

"Well, stop making me want to-- want to--" Jeremy stutters to a stop mid-sentence.

"What?"

This time when Jeremy speaks it's soft, almost frightened. "Stop making me want to kiss you."

"What?!" James is certain he hadn't heard that correctly. But Jeremy is gripping his collar again, looking desperate, eyes wild.

"It's not-- I shouldn't want--"

"Hey," says James, keeping his voice low and soothing. He brings one hand up tentatively to cup Jeremy's elbow. "Hey. It's all right. Jez. It's all right."

Jeremy is breathing hard like a spooked horse. "It isn't," he says. "It's not all right. James..."

James has no idea what to say. "Jezza--" he tries, and then that sounds wrong, too bloke-y, so he tries again with, "Jeremy," which seems somehow to get through. Jeremy takes a long, slow breath in, then lets it out.

"The prospect is that disgusting, eh?" James says, hoping for a laugh to ease them through this, but Jeremy just turns sad eyes on him.

"Not at all," Jeremy says, his hands dropping from their grip on James' collar to press briefly flat against James' chest before Jeremy pulls away. "It's only that," he says, stepping back to put a few feet of distance between them, "it's only that I don't think I can be that kind of man."

The sentence makes James briefly so angry that his vision fades to whiteness, but the rage passes quickly. You've had thirty something years to get used to the idea, he reminds himself. You can't blame him when he's never known any better.

"There isn't any 'kind of man,' Jez, you know that," he says, as close to patiently as he can manage. "It's not.. it doesn't have to mean wearing eyeliner and feather boas. It doesn't have to mean you're going to suddenly burst out into showtunes. All it has to mean is that you want to kiss me."

"Are you actually trying to talk me into it?" Jeremy asks.

That makes James angry all over again, and he shoves at Jeremy's shoulder. "That's what you want, isn't it?" James spits out. "You want me to convince you. You want it to be my fault, so that you don't have to accept any responsibility. Is that right?"

"I don't--" Jeremy says, twisting his fingers together, and then he lets out another strained breath. "Maybe I do." When he looks up at James his eyes are red. "Because if it's me that wants to, then I have to face the fact that everything I've known about myself is a lie. And I can't do that. I just can't, James."

James has no idea what he's supposed to do now, or even what he's supposed to feel.

"Jeremy, no," he says. "It doesn't have to be like that."

"But it is like that," Jeremy says simply. "I always thought I couldn't ever want... and then I met you, and I told myself it was just idle thinking. And then Francie left and suddenly it wasn't idle anymore. James..."

"Maybe you're just lonely," James says, but he doesn't want to believe it, and he knows that's coming through in his voice. Because he does want Jeremy, has for a long time. Not if it's going to make Jeremy look as sad as this, not if Jeremy's going to hate them both every inch of the way. But James can't help hoping that there's a chance of getting Jeremy past this, a chance that Jeremy really does want him and that they could be happy together.

"You do want to talk me into it," Jeremy says, astonished. "You do!"

"Not like this!" James says, slamming his hand back against the car. "Not if it's going to break you. For god's sake, Jeremy, I've tried not to want it as much as you have. But I can't tell you there's no chance of you wanting me when I've always hoped that you might. If you want me to be impartial here – it's too much to ask, Jez."

"James—" Jeremy says. He reaches out with one hand, then stops and rakes it through his hair instead of following through. James squeezes his eyes shut.

"Go and let Wilman talk you through your crisis, and then come back and tell me what you've decided, all right? Because you're telling me that you can't-- Well, I'm telling you that I can't. I can't pretend I don't have a-- have a vested interest in the answer, all right?"

When he opens his eyes again Jeremy is staring at him, looking even more terrified than before. Scared him off, I bet, James thinks, and he feels a sort of weird, vicious satisfaction. Wilman will tell him it's just mid-life crisis, and he'll believe it. I know he will. And then I'll go back to being a stupid old queen but at least I'll know it's hopeless then.

"I... I..." Jeremy says, and then he swallows. "James. Tell me again."

James blinks in surprise, because he'd expected Jeremy to be running for the hills by now. "Tell you what?"

"That I can have this. That I... that it doesn't matter if I've been in denial. That things can change."

For a beat James can't speak, bowed under the weight of the trust Jeremy is placing in him. Then, slowly, he reaches out to take one of Jeremy's trembling hands between both of his own.

"It can be anything you want it to be," he says quietly. "It can... if you want to pretend to everyone we're nothing but friends and then come to my bed in the night then I'd take it, Jez. If you just want to kiss me, let me suck you off and never do anything else, I'd take that, too. And if you wanted everything to change, if you wanted to tell the papers and shout it from the rooftops, god, I'd be terrified, but I'd do it. If you wanted. There's no rule that says you have to be who anyone else says you are." He laughs a little, helplessly. "If there were, I'd never drive above sixty, just be Captain Slow forever and ever."

"I've built myself up--" Jeremy says shakily, but James interrupts before he can get started down that path.

"Yes," he says, "but you did it on purpose, didn't you? You said, 'This is what I'm going to show the world,' and then you showed it, but you knew it was built."

"Sometimes I forget."

"I'll remind you," James says. "If you like."

Jeremy curls his fingers around James' palm, brings up his other hand so that now his hands and James' are clutching each other.

"James," he says. "I don't want to shout it from the rooftops."

"Okay," says James, throat dry, because that doesn't leave a lot of other options from the stupidly pessimistic list he'd given.

"I don't..." and now Jeremy's flushing, and James watches the color rise up over his neck and face with a sharp spike of arousal. "I don't want to pretend it's nothing, either."

James' breath leaves his lungs in a jagged burst. "Okay," he says again. He thinks maybe he's used up all his words and all he has left is that one.

"The rest, well." Jeremy swallows. "I don't know about the rest. But we could figure that out, couldn't we?" His thumb moves in a slow caress across the side of James' hand, and the skin under that touch tingles.

"Oh, yes," James says, and Jeremy flushes even harder. "Come back to mine tonight," James says.

Jeremy nods with an exaggerated shake of his head, and James grins, can't help himself. God, he thinks, I love this man. Jeremy grins back, shyly, and they stare at each other for a long moment, James mapping the contours of Jeremy's face as he's done so many times before, but this time finally not afraid to do it openly.

Before they can get carried away with anything else, Andy comes out of the station, and James gives Jeremy's hand a squeeze before letting go. Andy seems to sense that something's happened, though, coming to a halt beside them with a curious look on his face.

"All right, you two?"

"Yeah," Jeremy says. "We're good." James nods, smiling.

Andy looks between them, then smiles and shakes his head. "Okay. Hammond should be here any minute and then we can get on with it."

-----

Filming that day goes more smoothly than it has in a long time, and during one break, as James watches Andy and Jeremy discussing the next challenge, he suddenly understands that this thing between them must have been bothering Jeremy for quite a while. Because now he looks like a weight has been lifted from his shoulders, like he's finally breathing freely. James is overcome with a wash of remorse. God, I've been a crap friend, he thinks, and then, Things can be different now. I'll take care of him, I swear I will.

When the sun goes down the cameras pack in, and Andy sends them all off home. James catches Jeremy's eye as they're walking back to their cars, matches Jeremy's shy smile with one of his own.

"Still coming?" he asks quietly. Jeremy nods. James lets his smile go a little wider, his gaze a little more intense, and Jeremy shivers. James reaches over and rubs his hand down over Jeremy's arm. "Whatever you want," he says. "I promise you."

They're not actually that far from London, and the drive back to James' place takes less than an hour. When he turns up, Jeremy is already there, lounging insolently against the wall outside the front door with his patented smirk on his face. But now James can see the nervousness beneath it, and he aches to wipe away that faint uncertainty. He smiles at Jeremy again, trying to tell him without words that it's going to be okay, and opens the door.

"D'you want a drink?" James asks as Jeremy follows him inside.

"Yes," Jeremy says gratefully, and then, "No. No." James turns, cocking his head to one side. Jeremy gives out a puff of breath. "If I need a drink to do this," Jeremy says, low and swift, "then I shouldn't be doing it. James..."

James reaches out again, can't seem to help himself now that he has the chance to touch, and cups Jeremy's elbow through the fabric of his shirt. "Come and sit on the sofa?"

Jeremy nods, and James goes half-sideways down the hallway, checking behind him every few seconds to make sure Jeremy is following. They sit together on the sofa, Jeremy leaning against the arm and James with one knee up on the cushions so that they can face each other. James licks his lips.

"Tell me what you want," he says quietly. Jeremy takes a deep, shuddering breath.

"I want to kiss you."

James leans forward, moving slowly so as not to startle. Jeremy leans too, meets him half-way, and when their mouths come together James has to fight to keep himself from moaning at finally getting to do what he's wanted for so long. He keeps the kiss light, just a soft press of lips to lips, a faint caress, but then Jeremy leans further in, kisses him more deeply and forcefully. James can feel the scrape of Jeremy's stubbled jaw against his own, can see the way Jeremy's eyelashes flutter closed against his cheeks. He matches the intensity of Jeremy's kiss, moving their mouths together and bringing up his hand to cup Jeremy's face, to stroke over his cheek and down his neck to the V where his shirtfronts come together.

"Ah," Jeremy says against his mouth, and James takes the risk of teasing Jeremy's mouth open, kissing that gasp before slipping his tongue inside.

Jeremy groans, melting closer under James' kiss and touch. Fuck, James thinks. Fuck, he's so lovely. He deepens the kiss, tasting smoke and salt and vinegar crisps in Jeremy's mouth, and then beneath that, something that's distinctly Jeremy in a way that James can't describe but which he knows nonetheless. Jeremy's hands find their way into James' hair, cupping the nape of his neck and pulling him closer.

"Ohh," James moans, because that's one of his most sensitive spots. Jeremy's eyes fly open, and he pulls back a little, but only an inch or so, and then he's rubbing his fingers through the fine hairs on the back of James' neck, his eyes hot on James' face as James shudders.

"You like that," Jeremy says, and James moans again.

"Yes," James whispers, trying to keep control. "Oh, yes." Jeremy's thumbs stroke over the sides of his neck and then back up into his hair, and then he's leaning in to kiss James again, his mouth wet and a bit rougher and still so unutterably good.

Daringly, James strokes his fingers over Jeremy's collarbone, feeling the paper-thin skin stretched over bone, the rough curl of his chest hair. Jeremy sighs and shifts closer, and his tongue is like liquid in James' mouth, lapping against his teeth and the inside of his cheek, warm and slick. James kisses the corner of Jeremy's mouth, nuzzles it tenderly, and Jeremy groans then.

"James," he murmurs. "Will you... touch me?"

"I'd like that," James says simply. He runs his hands lightly down over Jeremy's chest, then up again between jumper and shirt, not touching skin just yet but feeling the shape of him. He tugs on the hem of the jumper lightly. "C'n you take this off?"

Jeremy nods, eyes wide, and pulls it off over his head, tossing it away to lie in a heap of fabric on the carpet. Without it he looks a little paler, a little more vulnerable, and James smooths his palm over Jeremy's cheek before moving to unfasten the buttons of his shirt. He makes the movements slow, deliberate, running the pads of his fingers over the skin as it's revealed. Once he finishes with the buttons he spreads the two sides of the shirt wide and presses both palms to Jeremy's chest, reveling in the warmth of him, the softness of his skin.

His fingers find a nipple and he teases it, gently at first and then harder as Jeremy's head rolls back, his mouth opening in a soundless O of pleasure. Seeing Jeremy lost in sensation is every bit as erotic as James had ever imagined, and his cock begins to throb as he touches Jeremy more firmly, scraping lightly with his fingernails over the sensitive places he discovers.

"James," Jeremy moans. "Oh, James, oh, oh, oh god."

James can't think what to do next, because he's been driven half-wild by the sounds Jeremy is making, by the feel of him wanton and writhing under James' hands. He wants to touch and lick and bite, wants to rub himself against that skin until the both of them come apart and fall into each other.

But before he can get carried away Jeremy suddenly twists away, panting, and the shock of it reminds James just exactly what he's supposed to be doing here. He's being careful, he's being gentle, and he is most definitely not scaring Jeremy away by being greedy. He snatches his hands back abruptly.

"All right?" James' heart is beating triple time in his chest, as if with each beat it's saying "please" and "please" and "please."

"Yeah," Jeremy says, looking surprised at how quickly James had stopped touching him. "Yeah, just... a little overwhelming. In a good way," he says hurriedly, "but... I didn't want to... I haven't even touched you yet." He gives James a shy smile, and James reaches out to touch the back of Jeremy's hand where it's resting on his leg.

"You want to?"

Jeremy looks at him like he's a complete idiot, and James is so relieved by the familiarity of it that he forgets to bristle. He strips his shirt off over his head, tossing it away and for once not caring where it lands. As always his hair fluffs up with static electricity, but when he goes to press it back down Jeremy's hands get there first, and James lowers his hands, more than content to be touched like this.

Jeremy smooths the top of James' head, tucks a lock of hair behind one ear and then moves his hands down, over James' now-bare shoulders.

"I think about touching your hair all the time," he mutters. "It's the first thing that made me think... y'know, that maybe I wanted..." As he speaks his fingers trail over James' chest, tracing the outlines of muscles and the curve of his belly. The touch is light, and James fears it will tickle, but then Jeremy begins to touch him more confidently, the rough pads of his fingers sending a jolt of sensation through James' stomach straight down to his cock. "Sometimes," Jeremy says, "you'd come into the office, all windswept and tousled from driving that stupid Boxster, and then you'd stand so close I could smell you, and I thought... thought I was going mad, to be honest."

His fingers brush a nipple now, and James groans because Jeremy's teasing him, little darting touches that leave him aching for more. James is biting his lip, trying not to say all the things he's thinking, like, "touch me properly you bastard" or "fuck, I need your mouth on me."

Instead he says, "You can... oh, please, Christ, Jeremy, please," and then when Jeremy takes mercy on him and pinches one nipple hard between thumb and forefinger, he arches, his whole body quivering like a piano string that's been thumped by a large hammer. "Ah!" Jeremy's other hand is curled around James' side, and James leans into it, shaking with reaction, his cock as hard as a rock in his jeans. "Please," he says again. "Jeremy, kiss me."

Jeremy leans in, eager by now, and James kisses him fiercely, licking deep into his mouth, scraping at Jeremy's lips with his teeth. Jeremy groans in surprise but doesn't pull back, just meets James' tongue thrust for thrust with his own, sucks on James' bottom lip and rubs his thumb over James' throbbing nipple until James is gasping into his mouth.

He pulls away from the kiss, trying to get some air, and buries his face into Jeremy's neck. "Sorry," he says, panting. "I'm trying not to... get carried away." He'd kept telling himself he could stay in control, could keep things light, but Jeremy's unexpected forcefulness has undone him, left him aching and desperate.

"Don't be a pillock," Jeremy says, his hands now moving in slow, comforting strokes over James' neck and shoulders. "I need to see you. Need to know I can make you as crazy as you make me."

"Oh, god, you do," James says fervently, lifting his head to meet Jeremy's gaze. "You make me wild, you make me think stupid, crazy thoughts about," and here he pauses, stroking Jeremy's chest again with shaking fingers, "what I'd do to be allowed to touch you like this." As soon as the words come out James flushes, drawing back, but Jeremy clings to him, and when James can make himself look up he finds that Jeremy's eyes are dark and intense.

"Just tell me what you want," Jeremy says. "James, I won't... I won't pretend I'm not a bit fucking terrified here, but I want you so much, and I trust you, and I want... I want to give you..." He stops, swallowing hard. "You're not the only one who has stupid, crazy thoughts, is all I'm saying."

"Jezza," whispers James, and his whole body has gone hot, like Jeremy is the summer sun. He touches Jeremy's face, then leans in and kisses him again, slow and deliberate and deep, using his lips and tongue to promise all the things he can't find words for. Jeremy moans, working his hands into James' hair again and kissing back with such sweet lewdness that James feels his chest tighten. He wants this from Jeremy, wants to be worthy of that generous, shameless desire and to make Jeremy feel as pleasure-soaked as he feels right now. "I've an idea," he murmurs against Jeremy's mouth. "I think you'll like this."

"Mmm?" Jeremy says.

James pulls back a little, reaching for the button and zip of his jeans. He works them open, still with Jeremy's hands running across his shoulders, and hitches up his hips to shove the fabric down just enough to expose his cock. Jeremy sucks in a breath, his eyes locked on the sight and his teeth worrying at his bottom lip.

"Ummm. James," he says. "That's... you look..." His voice is shaking but he's not running away, not deciding he's turned off and getting up to walk out the door.

"Okay?" James asks, stroking Jeremy's arms soothingly.

"Yeah," Jeremy says. "You're... I shouldn't say 'beautiful,' should I?"

James swallows. "You can say whatever you like. And that's... thank you." He's flushing even harder now, though he hadn't thought it possible.

"Well, you are, then," Jeremy says, sounding more like he's saying 'you're smelly' than giving a compliment. James kisses him again, grinning, then slides his hands down over Jeremy's chest, luxuriating in the feel of all that warm skin, until finally he reaches the button of Jeremy's jeans.

"All right?"

"Yes," Jeremy says breathlessly. James makes quick work of the fastenings, acutely aware of Jeremy's cock, hard under the fabric beneath his hand.

"Stand up a second?"

Jeremy lurches to his feet, and James darts in for a quick kiss to his belly before tugging at Jeremy's jeans and boxers, pulling them down until his cock springs free. James resists the urge to just suck Jeremy off right then and there, but he can't help licking his lips at the sight of it, can't help the surge of lust that overtakes him now that he can finally see what he's been imagining for years. As he licks his lips Jeremy makes a little whimpering noise, and James looks up to find Jeremy's eyes gone wide.

"You gonna...?"

James licks his lips again, regretfully. "Next time, if you'll let me. For now, though, come back down here?" He leans back, scooting downward and directing Jeremy with his hands to draw him down on top. It takes a little maneuvering but soon enough Jeremy gets the idea and they shift around together until they're both stretched out along the length of the sofa, with Jeremy on top and their chests and stomachs and cocks pressed together.

"Ohhhh," Jeremy says as skin comes into contact with skin. James strokes his hands over Jeremy's back.

"Feel me," he murmurs. "Feel how hard you make me."

Jeremy makes a little noise in the back of his throat. James slides his hands down to Jeremy's hips, grips him firmly and starts rocking their bodies together. It feels amazing, with Jeremy warm and strong above him, Jeremy's cock rubbing slick against his own. "Like this," he says, shifting his hips up to meet Jeremy's slow movements. "Feel how much I want you. It's so good just to... ngh, god, just to have you close."

"I-- James--" Jeremy says. His arms are braced on the cushions on either side of James' head, and his head is bowed so that his mouth rests just beside James' ear.

"Good?" James asks. He feels more in control now; the sensation of Jeremy's body against his own is still making him shiver, but it's not quite as overwhelming as Jeremy's earlier, deliberate touches. Still, he knows that if Jeremy were to ever get confident enough to just take him, James would have no ability to resist (nor, really, would he have any complaints). There's something about Jeremy taking charge that makes James wild, something about the way Jeremy gets when he knows what he wants that makes James go hot and aching.

Not that it isn't lovely in a different way to have Jeremy trusting him like this, looking at him so sweetly and taking everything James has to give him. "So good," Jeremy says wonderingly. He's thrusting more surely now, grinding their cocks together in a way that leaves James quite breathless. "This is... nngh, fuck, really... amazing." He kisses the side of James' face, and James shudders out a sigh. God, James thinks, I'll take him any way I can get him.

They rock together for long moments, trading moans and gasps and whispered exclamations. James cups the back of Jeremy's neck with one hand, drawing his mouth down for a slow, wet kiss, exploring and tasting until Jeremy is shuddering, grinding down against him with ecstatic abandon. With his other hand James reaches down to cup Jeremy's arse and squeeze. James has thought about this far too much, thought about Jeremy's weight holding him down, thought about that lush curve and the way Jeremy might arch under his hands. As his fingers dig into flesh Jeremy groans, and his hips jerk roughly in surprise.

"James, oh, god, James," Jeremy moans. "I didn't think... god, I didn't know it could be like this."

"There's so much I could show you," James promises, gasping.

"Tell me," Jeremy says, voice gone gravelly with lust, his body finding the rhythm of movement again. "Tell me what you'd show me."

James' face goes hot. "I'd... mmm, I'd put my mouth on you. Suck your cock. Taste you." He murmurs it against Jeremy's lips, lets his tongue flicker out to lick along the bottom one. "I bet you'd taste amazing, all musk and salt."

"God, I'd... I'd like that."

"And I'd want you to wank me," James says. "Want your hand on me. I think about your hands all the time, Jeremy, you have no idea."

"Ummm, James..." Jeremy's expression is dazed with desire.

"And I'd let you fuck me," James says, daringly. "Spread me open with your fingers first and then your cock, uhhh... fuck, Jez, let you fuck me any way you like. Slow, god, slow like this until I'm begging to come, or hard and fast and urgent and powerrrr." He growls the last bit. "I love it when you get like that."

"What-- what's it like, fucking a man?" Jeremy's grinding harder against him now, his breath coming in warm, wet pants against James' mouth, their denim-clad legs rubbing harshly together.

"Oh, god, Jez, you'd love it," James says. "Just imagine sinking into me, having me beneath you all shuddering and desperate. It's so hot. It's..." He gets derailed as Jeremy works a hand between them and pinches James' nipple again. "Fuck, yes, like that, please, Jez!"

"Tell me," Jeremy says again, fingers stilling just pressed against James' skin, teasing.

"It's..." James starts. Jeremy rewards him with another pinch and James gasps. "It's tight. I'd be so tight around you. I'd take you so deep."

Jeremy moans, and then he gets this delighted look on his face, the one that says he's just had a burst of inspiration, and then he twists his head down to James' neck and thrusts his hips down hard at the same time as he bites.

"Fuck, oh, fuck," says James, because this is possibly the hottest thing he's ever experienced, hotter than any of the things he's imagined, because Jeremy is real and here and wanting him and touching him and fucking biting him, and he can feel the orgasm start in his toes and roll all the way up and over him, and he comes in a series of jagged spurts, his hands clenching to hold Jeremy close.

"Oh, god," Jeremy says, deep and sincere and totally surprised, and then his body jerks, and dazedly James realizes that Jeremy is coming, too, his come mixing with James' to slick both of their stomachs.

"Fuck, yes, Jezza, I've got you," James says, and Jeremy makes a strange noise where his face is buried in James' neck. "I've got you," James says again, stroking his hands up and down Jeremy's back, his own cock still twitching with sensation.

Finally Jeremy stills, and the two of them just lie there for a moment, letting their breathing return to normal. James keeps his hands moving, up to touch Jeremy's neck and the edge of his hairline, then down again over broad shoulders and smooth skin to the divot just above his bottom. Jeremy lifts his head, and before he can speak James kisses him, stretching his neck up to bring their lips together in the hopes of heading off any impending freak-out. But Jeremy kisses him back without hesitation, teasing at James' tongue with his own.

When he breaks away, Jeremy says, "That was amazing." James feels slightly smug; he tries to stifle it, but a moment later Jeremy sticks out his tongue. "Yes, all right, don't go thinking this makes you some sort of sex god or anything. It just means you've set the bar high, so you'll have to do better next time."

James' smugness melts away into a feeling of utter happiness. "I do get a next time, then?" he asks.

"Oh, for-- yes. Yes." Jeremy's fondness shows through his exasperation. Then he turns serious. "James, I-- I won't promise there won't be things that scare me, that you won't have to be patient. But I don't want to deny that I want this anymore. I don't want to deny that I want... you." He takes a deep, shuddering breath, eyes fixed on the cushion just over James' left shoulder. "More than want, if I'm honest."

It takes James a second to process that, but when he does, he feels so happy that he just might float away. He draws Jeremy down again for another kiss, this one as sweet and tender as he can make it. "Anything," he says, peppering Jeremy's face with kisses. "Anything you want, Jeremy, you know that. My brave Jeremy." This last bit is perhaps more sentimental than he'd intended, but once he sees the way it makes Jeremy's eyes go bright he can't bring himself to regret it.

"Good," Jeremy says, his expression going mischievous. "Now. Let's go upstairs and get naked and try something else." He looks down at where their half-clothed legs are still twined together. "These jeans are beginning to chafe, and I know you don't want to damage my important bits."