Sam's Naked Adventures
by LeighKent

A young woman discovers her love of being naked in public.

Sam's Naked Adventures Ch. 01

Samantha Rushton grew up the youngest of four children in an affluent suburb of a mid sized city in the deep south. Following in her father's footsteps, after high school she went to Houston Texas to study architecture at one of the finest programs in the country.

In high school she competed on the women's cross country team. While she didn't compete in college she continued running to stay in shape. Sam, that's what everyone called her, stood 5'2" tall and weighed 105 pounds with shoulder length blonde hair, green eyes, 32D breasts a round firm bottom and, even though they were short, well toned legs.

Three weeks after her twentieth birthday and one week after returning home from her first year of college her parents left town for a long planned month long vacation in Europe. This was a chance for them to finally take a trip alone after raising four children. They were also going to visit Sam's sister Sarah who was two years older than Sam and studying psychiatry at the University of Munich. Sam was left at home house sitting. As her parents left for the airport her mother stopped to give her some final instructions.

"Don't have any wild parties, if you need anything call your grandmother and I've asked Carol next door to check on you from time to time." With that she hugged Sam, gave her a kiss on the cheek and was out the door.

The first couple of days passed by pretty routinely. Sam spent time swimming in the family pool, visiting with friends and running between five to ten miles each day. Friday night came and Sam was dreading the following week. Most of her friends were going to be out of town vacationing with their families and she didn't know how she was going to keep occupied. With nothing else to do she went to bed.

Awakening the following morning she went for a run. On her return home she showered, put on her bikini and took a dip in the family pool. Getting out of the pool Sam toweled off and reclined in a lounge chair to get some sun. She woke some time later and realized that she had not put on sunscreen. She wasn't burned yet but knew it would only be a matter of time. Getting up from the chair she went inside to find some tanning lotion. After looking in all the likely places with no success she went into her sister Sarah's bedroom.

Not finding any sunscreen in the attached bath she checked the closet. While feeling around on the shelf above the hanging clothes (it was too high for her to see what was up there) she touched what felt like a DVD case. Sam took it down and sure enough it was a case containing a single unlabeled DVD. Thinking this was odd because all the DVD's were usually kept in the entertainment room Sam was curious as to why this one was in her sisters closet. She took the DVD back to her bedroom and loaded it into the laptop. A large group of numbered icons appeared. Clicking on the first Sam was not expecting what she found.

There on the screen was her sister Sarah on one of the lounge chairs next to their backyard pool. She was smiling at the camera and was as naked as the day she was born. Eyes widening in surprise Sam couldn't believe what she was seeing. Her sister had always seemed so proper. Opening more of the icons revealed additional pictures of her sister either nude or in various states of undress. Sam also noticed that many of the pictures had not been taken at their home. There were pictures of her topless on a nearby golf course, at a tennis court and even her lifting her skirt and displaying a perfectly bald pussy in what appeared to be a local park.

Sam scrolled down to see just how many files were on the DVD and there appeared to be several hundred. There were also video files near the bottom. Clicking on the first one her sister was again naked by the pool. She was smiling and talking to someone behind the camera.

She was saying things like, "You really want to see me do this again don't you. You're so bad."

With that Sarah spread her legs and began slowly playing with her clit. Sam's eyes were glued to the screen as her sister became more vigorous finally reaching a climax and squirting all over the lounge chair.

When the video ended Sam's bikini bottoms were soaking wet and she was as aroused as she had ever been in her life. She immediately stripped off the wet bottoms, threw herself on the bed and began rubbing her clit furiously using her already flowing juices as lube. Sam came in less than a minute

As she lay on the bed catching her breath Sam tried to identify what it was that aroused her so. She concluded that it wasn't from any sexual desire for her sister but rather it was the fact that Sarah could be so uninhibited about her body. Wishing that she had as much confidence Sam began wondering whether she could be brave enough to try some of the things her sister had done.

Getting up from the bed Sam removed the bikini top then went into the bathroom and showered the sex from between her legs. After drying off she put on a long t-shirt that reached just below her bottom. Selecting a pair of panties she began to put them on then paused. Considering it for a moment she put the panties back in the drawer and headed to the kitchen for a bottle of water.

Standing in the kitchen sipping the water and looking out at the pool Sam had never really thought about how very secluded the backyard was. A high privacy fence and shrubs surrounded it making it impossible for anyone on the outside to see what was going on back there.

Taking a deep breath Sam stepped out the door. It was a warm sunny day with a gentle breeze blowing. Sam began to feel herself becoming wet again. She moved further into the backyard off the concrete surrounding the pool and into the grass. It felt cool and soft against her bare feet after the heat of the hard concrete. Taking a few more steps Sam sat down enjoying the feel of the grass against her bare bottom. She felt deliciously wicked and aroused.

After sitting for several minutes working up her nerve Sam's hands found the bottom of her shirt. She was trembling with excitement as she considered removing it. Afraid that if she didn't take it off now that she never would Sam quickly lifted it over her head and dropped it to the ground. It was like an electric charge passed through her body. She felt tingly all over, her nipples were hard as pebbles and her pussy felt like liquid fire.

Wanting to push herself further Sam stood. Leaving her shirt on the ground she began to wander naked around the back yard. It felt exhilarating and free. She also noticed that the farther away from her shirt she got the more her excitement grew.

After exploring the backyard for a while Sam was growing accustomed to being naked and the excitement was lessening. She realized that she would have to move outside the backyard to regain the intensity of the feeling. Sam gathered up her shirt and not bothering to put it back on went inside to plan her next adventure.

Sitting down at the computer Sam continued to look through her sisters pictures in an effort to gain some ideas of what to do next. While scrolling through the pictures she noticed that in none of them did her sister have any pubic hair. Sam had always kept hers neatly trimmed so it wouldn't show in a bikini but now she decided to take the next step and shave it bald. Never having done this before it took a little time but once finished she took a few minutes admiring her now clean shaven slit in the mirror. Running her fingers across her newly shaven mound she could resist no longer. She lay on her bed and brought herself to another orgasm drifting off to sleep afterward the late afternoon sun warming her still naked body through her bedroom window.

Sam awoke in darkness. According to the clock near her bed it was 11:45. The neighborhood in which she lived had few streetlights. The houses were built on larger than average lots and set well back from the road. The front yard had lots of shrubbery and landscaping so Sam decided her next adventure would be to explore the front yard as she had the back. She had been naked since her earlier backyard adventure but since it was now dark and she didn't want to injure her feet she decided to put on a pair of running shoes.

If anything the addition of the shoes made her even more excited since if she was seen it would be obvious that she was out nude on purpose. She also reasoned that the shoes would be helpful in the event she needed to make a quick escape. Leaving her room Sam went down the stairs through the kitchen and walked out the back door into the night. The cool of the evening instantly hardened her nipples as she walked past the pool to the side of the house.

Drawing near the gate to the privacy fence Sam again began to experience that wonderful fluttery feeling of excitement in her belly. Opening the gate slowly she peeked out at what she could see of the yard. Creeping forward she stayed close to the shrubbery planted beside the house. When she reached the corner of the house she paused to plan her next move.

A large oak tree was just off to her left about thirty feet in front of her. Sam made her way forward using the tree to conceal her from the street as much as possible. In the darkness it would have been almost impossible for anyone to see her but that didn't cross her mind as it was the first time she had ever done anything like this. Her excitement grew with each step she took.

Sam had decided that her goal for tonight would be to touch the mailbox at the street next to the one of the entrances of the "U" shaped driveway. To get there she had to cross in front of the house then work her way down the drive. There were bushes growing along the length of the road between the two entrances to the driveway and she felt that she could hide behind them if it became necessary.

Everything was going well until Sam reached the halfway point near the front door. Suddenly every exterior light on the house came on and she was standing fully illuminated for anyone who may have been looking. Sam froze for what seemed an eternity, although in truth is was only a few seconds, then dropped prone onto the asphalt parking pad in front of the house. Her mind was racing. Who was here that turned on the lights? Then it dawned on her. The lights had a motion sensor attached to them that activated when someone came within range. The worst part was that, once activated, they were programmed to stay on for ten minutes. That's when she heard the car approaching.

Sam lay there hearing the car drawing nearer and was unsure what to do. If the driver looked in her direction it would be hard to miss a naked girl spread eagle on the black asphalt of the parking pad under what felt like a million watts of illumination even with the shrubbery lining the road. At the last possible second she managed to get to her feet and raced back to the relative safety of the oak throwing herself behind it just a second before a police car came into view.

Sam lay on the ground behind the tree shaking and listened as the car continued down the street. As her heart rate began to slow she took stock of the situation. She was in shadow thanks to the tree but the lights would be on for almost ten more minutes. She also realized that her inner thighs and bottom were wet from the juices which were flowing from her pussy. A pussy which at the moment was practically throbbing.

There was no controlling it. No waiting. Sam lay in the shadow of the tree rubbing her clit with one hand while burying three fingers of the other deep in her soaking wet hole. When she came she felt fluid gush out of her like her sister did in the video. It was the first time she had ever squirted and it was the most amazing orgasm she had ever experienced.

She lay there panting trembling from the aftershocks of her orgasm. Eventually the lights went back off. On shaky legs Sam made her way back through the gate and inside the house. Not bothering to go upstairs to her room she kicked off her shoes and dropped naked onto the sofa. As she drifted off to sleep she realized that reaching the mailbox would have to wait until tomorrow night.

Sam woke the following morning naked on the living room couch. The events of the previous day came rushing back to her mind. She knew that she wanted to push herself further. She also knew that she needed to disable the motion sensor on the exterior lights before venturing into the front yard again.

Grabbing only the long t-shirt from the day before she put it on then retrieved a step ladder from the laundry room. Walking out the front door with the ladder knowing the shirt barely covered her bottom Sam was instantly aroused. She climbed the ladder but couldn't reach the sensor without her reaching over her head. Raising her arms caused the shirt to rise, exposing her bottom to anyone passing by. Sam almost came on the spot. Trembling with excitement she finally managed to remove the motion sensor then climb down the ladder.

That task accomplished, Sam went back inside removed the shirt and dropped it onto the couch as she passed. She returned the ladder to the laundry room then went out the back door for a dip in the pool.

After a quick swim Sam toweled off and returned to her bedroom to continue checking the files on the DVD. She was looking for more ideas of places to indulge her newfound desire to be naked once she had finished exploring the front yard. Her plan was to lay down late in the afternoon and continue her adventures after midnight.

After checking several pictures which were obviously taken in her sister's bedroom featuring her sister in nothing but a garter belt, stockings and heels Sam was again surprised. There was a picture of Sarah on her back, legs spread wide, feet in the air with a very large dark brown dildo shoved inside her pussy. Opening several following pictures Sam was able to get an idea of just how long and thick it was. Amazed at how much of it her sister seemed to be able to take she wanted to see it in person and hoped that it hadn't made the trip abroad with Sarah.

Returning to her sister's bedroom she searched for it's hiding place. After checking what she considered the likely places, nightstand, lingerie drawer, under the bed, etc. she went into the closet. At the back of the closet was the only suitcase that her sister hadn't taken to school in Munich. Sam took it back to her bedroom and opened it discovering that her sister had an even wilder side than she had ever imagined.

Inside the suitcase was a wide variety of sex toys including a wand with numerous attachments, restraints, assorted vibrators, butt plugs, several different sized dildos and of course the giant chocolate colored one from the pictures. Also present was a large bottle of lubricant. What shocked her the most however was a ten inch long strap-on dildo. Was her sister a lesbian? She had never thought of Sarah that way but she was quickly discovering that she didn't know her sister nearly as well as she once thought.

Sam had never used a sex toy before but that was about to change. Picking up the huge brown dildo she was surprised by both its weight and thickness. She could only get her hand about half way around it. There was no way that thing would fit inside her. Placing it back into the suitcase she selected a smaller dildo that felt more like human skin and was approximately the same size as her last boyfriend.

Sam lay on her bed and began to slowly rub the head of the dildo across her clit and up and down the length of her pussy. Once her juices were flowing enough to provide the needed lubrication she inserted the head of the dildo into her hungry slit. She began slowly moving it in and out going a bit deeper with each stroke until finally she was taking the entire length. While it wasn't as good as a human penis it was definitely better than her fingers.

She continued for several minutes pulling the dildo out until only the head remained inside her then pushing its full length back into herself. While she was enjoying the feeling she had never achieved an orgasm without clitoral stimulation. Sam paused, leaving the dildo fully inserted, and looked in the suitcase for some additional assistance. She located a smooth silver bullet shaped vibrator and turned the black knob at the base. It began to vibrate while making a buzzing noise.

Laying back, Sam continued to slowly fuck herself with the dildo but now placed the tip of the vibrator against her clit. Immediately Sam moaned as a feeling of pleasure more intense than she had ever experienced swept from her clit through her entire body. Unconsciously she began to pump the dildo more rapidly in and out of her now very wet pussy. In less than a minute Sam had a powerful orgasm. While not as powerful as she had the night before under the shadow of the oak it was still the second best she had ever experienced.

Turning off the vibe and removing the soaked dildo from her pussy Sam got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to sponge off. Returning to her bedroom she knew if she stayed in the house she would not be able to resist the temptation to masturbate the day away. While not the worst idea in the world she was afraid if she did it would lessen her desire to continue her nude exploration of the front yard later that night. She decided a run would be a good way to both pass the time and get her tired enough to go to sleep in the afternoon to be rested for her planned late night adventure.

Not bothering with panties she pulled on a pair of pink spandex running shorts and a pink and black sports bra. Socks and running shoes completed her attire. Quickly adjusting to being clothed she put her hair into a ponytail and headed out the door for a run.

When running from home Sam followed a series of walking trails that the City maintained in the community. They were not completely connected which required about two miles of the five mile total to be run on sidewalks or the road. Sam would begin from her home, run to one end of the trail then turn around and run to the other end of the trail then run back to her house making the total circuit ten miles give or take. Always before when running she had worn panties. About a half mile into the run Sam noticed the difference not wearing panties made. Her tight spandex running shorts had worked their way up and were perfectly outlining her pussy displaying an obvious camel toe.

Her first thought was panic but it was quickly replaced by a wicked feeling of excitement. She thought, "This could be my first chance to be in public and expose an intimate part of myself in a way that can be passed off as accidental." Thinking of people being able to clearly see the outline of her pussy made Sam become wet and her nipples harden. They weren't too noticeable as her running bra was designed to provide support for her 32D breasts but they would be visible to anyone that looked directly at her chest.

As she turned off the sidewalk onto the first trail she could see an older man walking a dog headed in her direction. When she was within twenty feet of him Sam saw his eyes go to her crotch where they remained until she passed. Sam was so turned on that it was all she could do not to turn off the trail into the woods and find a place to masturbate. Thankfully the spandex material didn't show how soaking wet her pussy had become.

A mile or so further down the trail a woman was jogging toward her. She looked to be in her thirties and very fit with short dark brown hair, small nicely shaped breasts and long firm legs. Sam had seen her on these trails many times before but they had never met. The woman had always seemed very focused and rarely made eye contact. As Sam drew near the woman looked her in the eye and smiled giving Sam a wink as they passed. Sam had never been with another woman or even had fantasies about doing so but at that moment all she wanted was for this woman to see her naked.



Sam received several more appreciative looks during her run and by the time she was back home she was so horny that she couldn't wait another second. Going to her room she stripped off her sweaty clothes, picked up the dildo and vibe she had used earlier and went into to the backyard to the lounge chair by the pool. Laying in the lounge chair naked in the sun she began working the vibe over her engorged clit and furiously fucking her soaking wet pussy with the dildo. She came again in short order.

After her orgasm she lay in the lounge chair for a bit recovering before eventually going inside for a shower. After drying off and wrapping her hair in a towel she went naked to the kitchen and fixed herself a salad. By now it was late afternoon. Setting an alarm for 12:00 am she went to bed and drifted off to sleep.

She woke tingling with excitement. Sam was determined that this time she would make it to the mailbox at the street. Donning her running shoes but otherwise naked she went downstairs to the front door. The house was dark and Sam stood at the window looking out into the night. Once satisfied that no one was about, she slipped out the front door onto the porch and paused, watching and listening for the sound of a vehicle. Her nipples stiffened which she began to pinch and lightly twist as she stood enjoying the feelings running through her body.

After several minutes she left the front porch and headed toward the driveway to her left. She could feel the juices from her pussy already beginning to seep down her inner thighs. She walked cautiously down the drive alert for the sound of an approaching car. None appeared.

Reaching the mailbox without incident Sam paused to decide what to do next, The street was quiet and all the houses were dark. To her right there were only three houses between her and where her street intersected with a thoroughfare that ran between the northern and southern sections of the city. Thinking that at this hour on a Sunday night it should be pretty quiet Sam decided to continue down the street to the intersection approximately 200 yards away.

Knowing that this would significantly raise her chances of being caught only fueled her excitement. Believing that the lateness of the hour would allow her to get away with it she set out for the corner. About one hundred yards away from her goal she heard a car quickly approaching on the thoroughfare. Sam froze looking for a place to hide but there was nothing in the immediate vicinity that would offer her any concealment. Headlights game into view moments before a car sped past the intersection and continued on its way without any indication that she had been seen.

Sam was horny as hell, the inside of both her thighs were wet to her knees, her juices beading down them like sweat. She wanted to get to the intersection no, she needed to get to that intersection. Listening closely for any more approaching cars she continued forward eventually reaching the street sign at the corner. She was happy, horny and knew she wasn't done for the evening.

Across the thoroughfare from the corner was a golf course attached to one of the two country clubs in the city. Sam had run on it many times in the late evening and was familiar with its layout. Quickly crossing the road and passing through the bushes that separated the golf course from the street she was feeling more confident. The golf course sat lower than the road so Sam had to make her way down a hill and through some trees to reach the fairway. The shrubs, trees and difference in elevation should prevent anyone driving by from seeing her on the course which was lit only by the quarter moon that had recently risen.

Sam's destination was going to be the halfway house between the ninth and tenth fairways which was about four hundred yards from where she entered the course. Making her way along the fairway she felt exhilarated in the knowledge that she was completely naked in a public place that in just a few hours would have hundreds of people crossing it.

Sam reached her destination at ten past one according to the clock above the entrance to the building. There was a dim light illuminating an area outside where sat concrete tables and benches. Climbing on top of one of the large tables she lay on her back looking up at the stars. Hands moving to her breasts she began gently squeezing and rolling her erect nipples. Sam felt safe here and wanted to take her time. After a couple of minutes her left hand continued with its nipple play as her right slowly began working its way down her body, fingertips tracing lightly against her skin. She shuddered as her fingers moved across her hip bone and eventually arrived at her clit. Briefly reaching lower she inserted the middle finger up to the knuckle into her wet pussy. Swirling it several times elicited a low moan from her lips.

Removing the now well lubricated finger Sam brought it to her clit where she began to make slow circles around and across it. Making herself go slowly to savor the experience she alternated between rubbing her clit and finger fucking her pussy. After about ten minutes Sam's body could no longer take the build up of sexual tension caused by her public nudity and the ministrations of her fingers.

Moaning loudly Sam's orgasm exploded through her body and she felt herself flooding the tabletop with cum. She continued rubbing her clit through the first orgasm rapidly climaxing a second then third time. Each brought more cum from her pussy but not nearly the amount as the first flood. Finally spent, she dropped her hands to her sides and lay there several seconds before pushing herself up to a sitting position to get a look at the wetness spread across the concrete table. That's when she saw the security guard.

He was standing about thirty feet away, just at the edge of the ring of light, and was rapidly pumping his very erect very large cock. Just as Sam saw him a huge rope of cum erupted from its head landing on the grass several feet in front of him followed rapidly by several more.

In a panic Sam began scooting off the table sliding through the puddle of her cum that was quickly seeping into the concrete. As her feet hit the dew covered ground she tried to run but lost her footing and fell in a heap knocking the breath from her lungs. Sam heard footsteps approaching and tried unsuccessfully to rise. The guard stopped still five feet from her and knelt down on the ground.

"Are you okay miss?" he asked.

Unable to speak Sam again tried to rise but once again her body betrayed her.

"I won't hurt you miss, I just want to help you. You're not going to be in any trouble. My names Jim," he said.

Still dazed she croaked out "Sam" without thinking that she had just given this stranger, who had just caught her masturbating naked on a public golf course, her name. After thirty seconds or so Sam's breathing began to return to normal though she was still quite winded. She moved into a sitting position feet on the ground and pulled up against her ass, knees up she wrapped her left arm around them and did her best to cover her breasts with the right acutely aware of how naked and vulnerable she was.

When Jim saw that she seemed to be recovering he stood and backed away a few feet making a calming motion with his hands. Jim's actions helped to calm Sam somewhat. As she sat recovering her breath Jim walked over to a golf cart sitting near the spot he had been standing when Sam first spotted him. He retrieved a raincoat and returned tossing it to the ground about two feet from her. He then turned his back and walked another ten feet away.

"Sam, you cover up with that if you want," Jim said.

Sam crawled across the ground retrieving the raincoat which she draped over herself like a blanket. Jim, his back still turned, was speaking again.

"I'm sorry I startled you. I really thought you was someone else. You see they's another lady that comes down here and puts on a show for me from time to time. When I saw someone down here I thought it was her. I got down here and saw you and assumed that she had told you about it and you come here to do the same."

Jim's manner and the fact he had given her the raincoat to cover up with helped to reassure Sam and his story of another woman masturbating in front of him on a somewhat regular basis intrigued her.

"Jim you can turn around now," said Sam.

Jim turned and Sam was able to get her first good look at the man. He stood around six feet tall, was powerfully built with broad shoulders and large biceps. He had a shaved head, thick mustache and dark brown skin. If Sam had to guess she would have put his age in his mid fifties. He leaned back against one of the concrete tables crossing his arms across his chest.

"So Sam," Jim began, "if that other lady didn't send you, what you doing down here? I don't see no clothes laying around."

Sam hesitated but could think of nothing to say other than the truth. She told Jim of her past two days omitting how near she lived and the fact that she was alone in the house for the next month.

When she finished Jim just chuckled and with a smile said, "Well Sam, I work Sunday through Thursday nights on this here course. Anytime you want to come down here and put on a show for old Jim you feel free. I promise not to touch you unless you was to ever ask me to. I can't promise not to touch myself though," he said with another grin.

Jim's manner had put Sam thoroughly at ease now and his last comment had caused her to begin to feel aroused once more.

"Tell me about the other woman that comes down here Jim. If you don't mind that is."

"Oh I don't mind," said Jim. "She older than you, not old but older. Pretty lady, probably in her thirties. Got darker hair, taller, not as nice a chest though," he said again flashing a huge smile.

"Are their any particular days she's here?" Sam asked.

"No," Jim replied. "She pretty random. Sometime she here twice a week, sometime I don't see her for a couple of weeks. She usually here about this time of night though."

Jim straightened from leaning against the table and said, "Well Sam, I got to go punch a time clock up at the office so they know I'm doing my rounds. Remember what I said bout visitin old Jim again. Oh and keep the raincoat, it may help you get back to wherever you come from." With that he flashed Sam another smile and returned to the golf cart, its electric motor carrying him silently into the night.

Sam stood and slipped into the rain coat. It was made for someone much taller than her 5'2" height which meant that a fair amount of it was on the ground and walking in it would be difficult. Removing it she folded it up and carried it with her in case she needed it before reaching home. Setting off naked once again erotic thoughts were flying around in her head. Jim jerking his massive cock while she masturbated was a huge turn on for her as was the thought that out there somewhere was another woman who, like her, enjoyed being naked where she shouldn't be. Sam's return home was made without further incident and by the time she entered through the front door she knew that she would be seeing Jim again. She had a raincoat to return after all.


Sam's Naked Adventures Ch. 02

Sam awoke a little after 10:00 am Monday morning having slept in after her adventure the night before. She got out of bed and after answering natures call walked naked downstairs to the kitchen. Her stomach was growling so she took a cup of strawberry yogurt from the fridge and sat down at the table to eat. After finishing her breakfast she went out to the pool to work on her tan and decide how to spend the rest of her day.

She took a quick dip in the pool then dried off returning to her favorite lounge chair. As she lay naked she remembered that she still didn't have any sunscreen and made a mental note to run to the store for some. She didn't want to burn any sensitive areas that were not yet used to being exposed to the sun.

Closing her eyes her mind drifted back to the events of the night before. Her being naked on the street, then on the golf course. The massive series of orgasms she had given herself on the table. Realizing Jim was watching her and seeing him stroking that big brown cock of his as it shot a huge load of cum onto the grass. Jim telling her of the other woman that came to the same spot to masturbate. All these thoughts aroused her and without conscience intent she parted her legs and began to slowly move her fingers across her clit while replaying the images in her mind.

Sam had been lying on the lounge chair with her eyes closed slowly masturbating for about ten minutes, She was enjoying the sensation of her fingers against her clit while the warm sun heated her body.

"So this is what you do all day when your parents are away huh?"

Sam's eyes flew open as she sat upright on the lounge. Sitting on another lounge chair near the end of the pool with a big smile on her face was her next door neighbor Carol Poole.

Since Sam's parents were going to be away for an extended period of time her mother had asked Carol to check on her. Carol was a successful author of romance novels who worked from home so it was no imposition. Thirty nine years old with two divorces behind her Carol stood 5'8" tall with blue eyes, long red hair, fair skin and a 36C-24-34 figure that turned heads wherever she went. Carol had knocked at the front door and when Sam didn't answer she had walked around back to the pool. That was when she saw the younger woman lying naked on a lounge chair masturbating. Carol had quietly sat down and unbeknownst to Sam had spent five minutes videoing her with her IPhone before putting it away and speaking.

Sam grabbed a towel from the ground next to her and attempted to cover herself. "I was just...just...," Sam stammered.

"I know exactly what you were doing," replied Carol still smiling.

Sam flushed bright red and dropped her eyes in embarrassment wishing she could disappear.

"Oh Sam stop," Carol said, "you are a beautiful young woman with a healthy sex drive in the privacy of your own back yard. There's nothing to be ashamed of. If I didn't burn so easily I'd strip down and join you, at least in the sunbathing that is," she said with a wink and another dazzling smile. "Besides Sam, it's not the first time this morning I've seen you naked although this view was much better than the ones I saw recorded on my security system."

Sam's eyes shot up from the ground on which she had been focused, her stomach twisting into knots. Carol was giving her a mischievous grin.

"You, you saw me.... last night?" Sam asked.

"Oh yes dear, twice in fact from the security camera I have mounted at the end of my driveway. First walking away, your fit young body highlighted by that perfect round ass of yours then later, on your return, your beautiful perfect breasts swaying above your smooth bare pussy. You looked as though you picked up a raincoat somewhere as well. I must say, even though my security camera is HD, it doesn't compare to seeing you in person. You're magnificent!"

Sam sat in a daze. "I'm fucked," was all she could think. Carol turned more serious.

"Listen Sam. I'm not here to judge. Since your mother did ask me to keep an eye on you I need to know what's going on. What are you up to wandering around the neighborhood at night naked?" Carol asked.

Sam sat silent for a few moments trying to come up with some sort of reasonable explanation for her actions. Finally, seeing no other way out, she told Carol everything. She told her about finding the DVD with the pictures of her sister. She told of her first halting attempts at trying to match her sister's uninhibited nature. Finally Sam told her of meeting Jim on the golf course. Carol listened to her story without comment. Sam finished talking and sat looking at Carol like a whipped puppy.

"You must think I'm perverted and awful," Sam said miserably.

Sam's words and the tone in which they were spoken shook Carol out of the erotic trance she had been in as she listened to the younger woman talk. She could feel the moisture between her own thighs and the cotton of her shirt against her nipples. Wanting to reassure Sam, Carol stood and quickly crossed the distance separating them. Sitting next to the younger woman she put her arm around her in a comforting manner and put a finger under Sam's chin lifting it so she could look into her eyes.

"I think you're anything but perverted and awful, I think you're sexy and exciting and adventurous," said Carol.

"Really?" Sam replied.

"Yes, in fact I'm going to help you push yourself farther."

Sam's eyes grew wide as she stammered, "What... what do you mean?"

Carol stood facing Sam. "Come to my house tonight at 11:00 in exactly what you were wearing last night," Carol instructed.

Sam began to protest but Carol immediately cut her off saying, "Now Sam, you wouldn't want me to have to reconsider all of this and decide that I need to inform your mom would you? See you at 11:00, don't be late. Oh, and bring your IPhone." With that Carol turned and walked out of the backyard leaving Sam with an odd mix of anxiety and sexual excitement churning through her.

Once Carol left, Sam put on a t-shirt and shorts and spent the remainder of the day pacing around the house alternating between fear and excitement. As the evening passed the fear lessened and the excitement began to build. Finally it was ten minutes until 11:00 and she knew she had to face whatever Carol had in store for her.

Sam, wearing only the running shoes from the previous night and carrying her phone slipped the two hundred feet through the wooded area dividing her home from Carols. Arriving on Carol's front porch at exactly 11:00 pm she rang the bell. Almost immediately the front door was opened and Carol ushered her inside. Carol was dressed in a light green tennis dress and quite obviously was not wearing a bra.

"I have to say I don't think I could ever get tired of seeing you naked," she said with her dazzling smile.

Feeling somewhat uncomfortable Sam replied, "I'm not a lesbian."

"Neither am I Sam, I just truly appreciate the female form."

"Okay," said Sam, "You want to tell me why I'm here?"

"That's simple Sam, you're here for me to help you explore your exhibitionist side. The price for both my help and my silence however is that you do exactly what I say. Don't worry though, I promise I won't make you do anything you won't enjoy. Deal?"

Sam considered her situation for a few moments before replying. On one hand she was concerned about the older woman having control over her and what actions she would have to perform. On the other hand she had to admit those same thoughts excited her. The excitement won.

"Okay, you win. What do I do first?"

"Follow me Sam, I guarantee you won't regret it. Unless you get caught that is." Flashing that dazzling smile again Carol walked out of the room with Sam following close behind.

Sam followed Carol through the large house eventually arriving in the garage where Carol told her to get in the back seat of an SUV while Carol took the drivers seat. "I'll explain your task as we drive."

While Sam was nervous she was somewhat comforted by the fact that the SUV had dark tinted windows. Carol drove through the darkened city explaining to Sam's disbelieving mind what she would have to do.

"I'm taking you to the back of the high school and letting you out at the athletic complex. Once you're out of the car you will have to work your way through the ball fields, around the back and side of the school, cross the parking lot and go to the tennis courts. Once there go into the ladies room and open the paper towel dispenser. Inside you will find one of my favorite toys. Take it onto one of the tennis courts and make a video of you using it to make yourself cum. Once you're finished send the video to me and I'll pick you up at the guard shack in front of the school. Simple right?"

Sam sat in stunned silence. Finally she managed to form some words.

"Are you insane? There's almost always one or two people using the track up there even in the middle of the night! Besides that I don't know that I want you to have a video of me masturbating."

Carol pulled the car over and stopped. Without speaking she removed her own cell phone, went to her videos and proceeded to play Sam the video she secretly took of her masturbating by the pool.

"Why should that bother you when I have one already?" Carol asked. "As far as people being at the track at night well doesn't that add to the naughtiness of all this?"

Sam sat silently considering her options, "What happens if I say no? Are you going to send that video to my parents?"

"Of course not dear. I'm going to upload it to a number of porn sites," Carol replied with her great smile.

Bowing her head in acceptance of her fate Sam answered, "Lets go to the fucking high school."

The rear entrance to the high school was located just off an interstate beltway that surrounded the southern part of the city. No businesses are located near immediately outside the entrance making it fairly secluded. Carol drove her SUV into the parking lot of the athletic complex and stopped near the walk leading to the concession area. No other vehicles were in view.

Sam exited the vehicle as Carol spoke, "Remember, you have to send me a video of yourself on the tennis court cumming with the toy I left for you before I will pick you up. Have fun dear!" With a flash of that smile she drove away leaving Sam in the parking lot wearing nothing but running shoes and holding her phone.

Quickly Sam moved up the concrete path into the athletic complex. Once out of the parking lot and in the relative safety of the area around the concession stand she paused to consider how to move forward. Now that she was here and alone the fear began to subside replaced by the excitement of being nude in a public place.

Reaching between her legs she confirmed it by feeling the moisture of her pussy. "Sam you've got to be crazy to be enjoying this," she spoke into the night. Moving slowly and stopping often to listen for sounds indicating anyone else was around, she crossed the remaining ball fields to a set of concrete stairs.

The stairs led up to the drive that separated the school from a soccer field and the athletic complex. Halfway up the fifty or so steps Sam froze. Was that music she was hearing? It was faint and when after several minutes it didn't seem to be getting any closer she slowly continued up the steps. Nearing the top she began to hear other noises, voices, and were those moans? Reaching the top of the steps she determined the noises were coming from her right. Moving slowly she peaked around the shrubbery that bordered the drive.

Fifty feet away a white Audi convertible sat parked in the middle of the drive facing away from her. About ten feet in front of it sat a Jeep. That, however wasn't the first thing she noticed. What Sam first noticed, bathed in the headlights of the Audi, was the bare ass of a young man, his pants around his ankles. He was fucking a young woman who was bent over holding on to the tire mounted on the back of the Jeep. He was apparently doing a good job by the sound of her moans. Sam immediately felt herself get even wetter than she already was. She was in the shadows and well hidden so she stayed where she was watching the scene. After several minutes the couple changed positions to the side of the Jeep. This allowed Sam a better view of them both.

She knew them. Zach and Elana had graduated with her but she hadn't been close to either of them. Zach had been on the high school soccer team. He was six feet tall with blonde hair, very fit and from what Sam could see now was very well endowed. Elana, a leggy brunette with a dancers body had, naturally, been on the school dance team. She was completely naked. Zach had lifted Elana up and pressing her ass against the side of Jeep was in the process of giving her a good pounding. Elana was obviously enjoying it if her moans were any indication. Feeling wicked Sam lifted her phone with her left hand and began to video them. Her right hand however moved between her legs and her fingers played with her clit. She watched the couple fuck having no idea that they had an audience enjoying the show.

After several more minutes Elana was getting louder, almost yelling, "YES, YES, YES, FUCK MEEEEE, I'M CUMMING!" Zach fucked her even harder as she came. As soon as her orgasm subsided Zach let her down and she dropped to her knees grabbing his large cock and pointing it at her face she began to furiously jerk him off saying, "Give it to me baby! I want that cum!"

That was all Sam could take as her orgasm hit. Somehow she managed to keep quiet as she came, squirting for the third time in her life. Zach held out under Elana's relentless attack for a minute longer then erupted covering Elana's face and breasts with his cum.

Zach immediately pulled up his pants while Elana remained naked. After several minutes spent catching their breath Elana reached into the car and retrieved a dress. She used it to wipe the cum from her face and body then put it on. Once done Elana got in the convertible and Zach in the Jeep. They drove away not knowing there was a third person they made cum that night.

After the cars left Sam stayed put for several minutes replaying the scene in her mind. Even though she recently had a huge orgasm she was still extremely horny. Hornier than she could ever remember being. All she wanted at that moment was to get fucked right then and right there. She realized a couple of other things as well. The first was she wanted someone to see her here, the second was that she was no longer angry with Carol for setting this whole thing up. She sent Carol a text that read: "You were right! I'm loving this! Here's a video but not of me yet. Enjoy this one for now and mine will follow a little later." With that she sent Carol the video of Zach and Elana.

Sam knew from experience that the most likely place to find someone this time of night was the track that circled the football field. Her initial plan had been to stay as far from it as possible. Plans change. Leaving the stairs she set off in the direction Elana and Zach had driven. Reaching the back corner of the school she carefully peaked around making sure the coast was clear to continue. She wanted to be seen but still had not decided how to go about it. Walking carefully down the slight hill beside the school she approached the track. Her heart began beating faster, there was a car parked in the space closest to the track entrance. She made it to the corner of the school. She was in the shadows where she stood but the track blazed with light. She couldn't see the far end of the track from where she was so she waited, hoping that the owner of the car was jogging. She didn't have to wait long.

He came into view within a minute, jogging easily. Shirtless, in running shorts and shoes, he appeared to be in his early thirties with dark hair and was muscular without being bulky. He was perfect for what she intended. Sam let him run past and waited to make sure no one else was using the track. She let him make two more laps and still no one else appeared. The next time he passed she made her move.

Letting him get in front of her by thirty yards or so she left the shadows and began jogging behind him on the track making sure to set a marginally quicker pace. Her 32D breasts bounced in time with her steps. As she closed the distance between them Sam thought to herself that there were two ways that this could end, one good and one bad. Sam got to within five yards of the other runner when he sensed someone behind him and glanced briefly over his shoulder. His head then quickly snapped back over his shoulder to make sure he saw what thought he saw. When he did he tripped, landing in a pile on the track.

"Oh my God are you okay?" Sam asked as she ran up to him kneeling down at his side.

Rolling onto his back he looked at her with eyes as big as saucers, "You're naked!" he said.

Sam giggled and replied, "Yeah, yeah I am."

"What are you doing here like this?"

Sam replied slowly stressing every word, "Are - You - Okay?"

The man shook his head side to side seeming to regain some composure, "I'm not hurt. I'm also not sure I'm awake. Are you real?"

Sam giggled again, "You're awake and yes I'm real, I'm Sam." ,she said holding out her hand.

"Gary." he replied taking Sam's outstretched hand.

Sam stood and helped Gary to his feet. He looked her up and down smiling and said, "Never in my wildest fantasies would I have ever imagined being lucky enough to run into someone like you here. What are you doing here like this?"

"I'll tell you the story but not right here, there's too big a chance someone else will show up. Will you walk over to the tennis courts with me? I'll explain as we go."

"Sure, absolutely!"

From the track entrance to the tennis courts was about two hundred yards straight across a dimly lit parking lot. Gary's eyes roamed up and down Sam's body the whole way. For her part Sam kept stealing looks at the impressive tent that had appeared in Gary's shorts. As they walked Sam offered as an explanation that she had lost a bet to a friend and had to make her way naked from the athletic complex behind the school to the tennis courts and then perform a task. She also told him about seeing the couple having sex behind the school.

"Those cars were leaving as I got here. So what is it you have to do once we get to the tennis court?" Gary asked.

"I have to make a video. That's where you come in. I want you to video me with my phone."

"Not that I mind one bit but couldn't you have just done that by yourself and made it out of here without me seeing you?"

"Well," said Sam, "I guess I could have but it would be more difficult. See the

video is going to be me making myself cum with a sex toy so my hands are going to be busy."

At that Gary stopped in his tracks eyes as big as saucers again. "No shit?" was all he could say.

"No shit," replied Sam, "Still willing to help?"

"Hell I wouldn't miss this for anything! Let's go!"

They arrived at the tennis courts a few moments later. Sam disappeared into the restroom and quickly located a black rabbit vibrating dildo in the paper towel dispenser. Returning to Gary she held up the rabbit.

"Well this is a first for me. I've never used one of these before. What am I saying, this whole night is a first for me," Sam laughed. She glanced down at Gary's obvious erection, "Listen Gary, you've been really great and I need to ask one more favor from you. I've been really horny ever since I saw that couple fucking earlier and I have to cum on this vibrator for the camera to settle my bet. The favor I'm asking is this. Would you fuck me and before you cum pull out and let me jerk you off on my face and tits? I think it will make the video of me with this toy even hotter if I'm covered with cum."



It took Gary all of two seconds before replying, "Oh hell yes!"

Sam took Gary's hand and led him to the net at the center of the first tennis court. Kneeling in front of him she grasped the top of his running shorts slowly pulling them down and freeing his cock. Once free of the elastic it sprung up revealing an eight inch long, thick circumcised cock. Sam's fingers couldn't completely close around it. Opening her mouth she took the head in swirling her tongue around as Gary moaned his approval. She could taste the saltiness of his sweat from his run. After thoroughly wetting it she stood, turned away from Gary and bent over grabbing the net.

"Please fuck me Gary. I really need it!" She didn't have to ask twice.

Gary positioned his cock against the wet opening of her pussy. Slowly he inserted the head.

"Oh Gary please don't be gentle, I need to be fucked!"

With that Gary grabbed her by the hips and began thrusting his cock deep into Sam's young wet hole. Over and over again, her wet pussy squeezing his shaft, he hammered into her as Sam offered encouragement.

"Yes Gary, like that, fuck me like that!"

Between her young hot body, tight pussy and verbal appreciation Gary knew he wasn't going to be able to last long. He managed to fuck Sam furiously for several minutes and he knew he was getting close to climax.

Pulling out he said, "I'm close Sam!"

Sam spun around, dropped to both knees and took his cock back into her mouth to the back of her throat tasting her juices on his shaft. Slowly she moved her head back sucking hard until the head came out of her mouth with a pop. Looking up into Gary's eyes she began vigorously jerking his cock with her right hand while playing with his balls with the left. In less than thirty seconds Gary let out a loud groan just as the first large spurt of cum hit Sam on her left cheek. The second was divided between Sam's open mouth and chin as she continued jerking the cock aiming it lower on her body. Five more spurts landed glistening on her breasts.

When Sam had emptied Gary's balls she made a show of swallowing then smiled and said, "Tasty, those balls were really loaded. Time for my show, get my phone ready."

Gary pulled up his shorts and did as Sam asked. Leaning back against the net with her legs spread wide the dildo easily slid inside Sam's well lubricated and slightly stretched pussy. Turning it on she was pleasantly surprised to feel the shaft rotating inside her and the vibrating rabbit ears hit her clit perfectly. Still very turned on from the hard fucking she had received shortly before, she was ready to cum within two minutes. She fucked herself through that orgasm and continued to a second five minutes later. The second causing her to squirt a flood onto the court. As she lay against the net recovering she smiled up at Gary and said, "Thanks, I needed that."

"Anytime." was all Gary could manage in reply.

Her task accomplished she bid goodbye to Gary not wanting him around when Carol picked her up. He went reluctantly and only after Sam told him if he didn't go she wouldn't pay him another visit in the future. The hope that she would show up for a surprise fuck down the road finally convinced him. With Gary gone Sam sent the video he had taken to Carol along with the message that she was ready to be picked up. Carrying the dripping wet dildo in one hand and her phone in the other she walked up to the guard shack to wait.

Carol arrived in less than three minutes. Sam approached the SUV and Carol motioned her into the front seat. Sam opened the door and the interior light revealed a naked Carol. Sam got in and closed the door.

Looking over at Carol she asked, "Is there any particular reason why you're naked?"

Reaching over Carol whipped a finger across Sam's face recovering a large glob of Gary's cum. "Looks like you made a friend." Carol said with a smile before sucking the cum off her finger. "I just love the taste of cum don't you?" she asked.

"I'm learning that I do," replied Sam. "Now why are you naked?"

Carol pulled the SUV into a parking space and replied, "I thought I'd join you for the ride home but first things first. Give me the dildo."

"It's still really wet, sorry," Sam replied handing over the toy.

"Good! I was hoping it would be," Carol replied as she scooted forward on the seat, spreading her legs and shoving the length of the still glistening wet dildo deep inside her pussy. She then opened Sam's video on her phone which was mounted on a holder on the dash, started the video and powered up the toy as Sam looked on in wonder.

Watching Carol pleasure herself to her video was one of the most erotic things Sam had ever seen. She watched as Carol's breathing began to get deeper, her fair C cup breasts with their bright pink nipples on the end rising and falling. The black dildo moved in and out of her pussy with it's neatly groomed red "racing stripe" of pubic hair above. Her deep blue eyes were fixed on the device as she watched Sam have her first orgasm on camera. The scene aroused feelings in Sam that she had never felt before. Suddenly the idea of having sex with this woman was all she wanted. She began to finger herself as she watched Carol's climax near. When Sam had her second on camera orgasm Carol climaxed also, her entire body shaking as she did.

Catching her breath she looked over at Sam who was rubbing her own clit, "May I borrow that toy again?" Sam asked.

Never taking her eyes off Sam, Carol slowly pulled the dildo from her pussy and handed it to the younger woman. Sam took it and slid it into her own drenched hole and began fucking herself as Carol put the SUV in drive and headed for home.

Sam had another orgasm just as the SUV turned onto their street. As Carol pulled into Sam's driveway to let her out Sam looked at her nervously and asked, "Would you like to come come in for a while?"

Carol flashed her winning smile and said, "I thought you weren't a lesbian." Then laughed and continued, "Sam, there's nothing I'd like more than to go inside with you and spend the night exploring every inch of each others bodies..... but I can't, not tonight anyway. I have to leave mid-morning and drive to Atlanta for a meeting with my editor so I have to get some sleep. I'll be back in a couple of days and, if you're still interested, then I'd like nothing better than picking up where we're leaving things off tonight. I'll call when I get home."

Sam got out of the SUV and stood naked watching Carol drive away. Turning she went into the house, up the stairs to her room, kicked off her shoes and crawled into bed. Falling asleep she was thinking of how good that black dildo looked sliding in and out of Carol's fair body.

