"We have NO choice!!" Elizabeth's voice rang off the conference room walls.

The rest of SGA1 sat tensely as they watched the leaders of Atlantis glare at each other, standing toe to toe, bodies tensed in touchless combat. The dark circles under their eyes spoke of too long scrambling desperately to survive; again.

Neither the Daedalus had been seen nor the SGC heard from for two months. An unfortunately timed overload had destroyed their ZPM and freak hurricanes had pounded the Athosian settlement, resulting in the residents fleeing to Atlantis to survive after the destruction of their crops and hunting grounds.

More hurricanes continued to threaten to come at the city every week since, and the city's food supply was getting very scarce; their allies all seemed to be either having bad crops or getting decimated by the Wraith. No one was foolish enough to say that at least the Wraith were leaving Atlantis alone, but it was in the air, thicker even, than the hunger; and the worry about what could have happened to Earth. Eyes were dark, belts tight and cheeks sunken.

And now to finally find allies willing to trade...

"Captain Neil said outright that that planet is a criminal hotbed with cutthroats at every corner!! There is NO WAY IN FUCKING **HELL** that you are setting foot there! You *can't* ask me to put you in danger like that!"

Teyla winced at John's shout, hearing the terror under the fury, yet knowing that it was both the wrong thing to say to Elizabeth, and that it was a waste of breath. She wondered if she and Ronon would have to intervene to keep their friends from going too far; from saying words that could not be taken back. She was glad to see Elizabeth stop before responding, taking a breath and tightening her jaw.

"John-" Elizabeth's voice was still a little too loud and she closed her eyes, forcing another breath through constricted muscles. For just an instant, she caught John's scent under the unwashed sweat they all reeked of -how much longer would the water systems be offline? She had to ask Zelenka-. She almost collapsed in the sudden anguish she felt. She was so tired, with the terror that the Wraith could appear at any moment, with Atlantis' shield utterly impossible to raise, with the hunger that left a nagging headache and threatened the survival of the weaker members of the Athosian community. So tired of scrambling for resources that just weren't there, watching the worry and suffering that people tried to hide under brave faces.

She forced her eyes open as she 'felt' the man standing just a few inches away from her settle back on his heels; felt the aggression he'd exuded suddenly revert to the worry she was more used to.

She could see the entreaty in his eyes. It shouldn't squeeze her heart to see that desperate wish for reality to change; it should annoy her for being childish. But it took a great deal for John to really annoy her; and anything stemming from his need to protect her made her want to hug him long before she thought of a reprimand.

Except that *she* so wanted to be held right now.. she stiffened herself to resist the need to fold; gripping her self-control with her fingernails, "John, they have a power source *and* food," she took a tight breath, watching John's shoulders hunch as he glared at his feet, "They're willing to trade. All we have to do..." Now her voice died away, her strength abandoning her before she could get it out. John's eyes lifted, exhausted and tormented; no, she couldn't deny that that was very much a variety of torment.

"Is send our leader."

Elizabeth's eyes slid to Ronon, seeing sympathy but also the realistic, firm strength of a survivor.

"And you're going to have to sleep with any guard who accompanies you." She turned back to John as he spoke harshly, only to see him also staring at the obvious warrior in their midst. Yes, her ever-watchful second in command didn't need to say any more out loud; the logical guards to accompany her on such a dangerous mission would be John, because his protectiveness wouldn't allow anything else, and Ronon for muscle backup.

The shameful, hungry shiver that had zapped through her when the captain had explained the cultural rules her team had had to follow to get through the political maze of Roklyx had been directly related to the dark-rimmed hazel eyes that had flown to hers across the meeting table at the time.

Now, standing even closer to John, and with yet another handsome man in a conversation about sex... Damn, Elizabeth bit back a snarl, she had no time for this nonsense, no matter how long it had been since she'd had anything more than fantasies to keep her warm or distract her from the snack-sized supper. And brunch.

Her people -*their* people!- were hungry and in danger damn it; concentrate Elizabeth!

####

John had a white-knuckled grip on his P-90, eyes trying to look everywhere at once in the all-too-busy market, terminally aware of the need to protect Elizabeth, walking a few inches behind him with her own P90 in hand and Ronon stalking along right at her back.

The moment they'd come in sight of the town, the ghostly war within him had gone on an utterly silent holiday. There was no attention to be spared on worrying if they would fail at these negotiating and die, or be escorted to *one* bedchamber as 'honoured' guests -complete with cameras and actually *spelled out* rules that guards 'performed' or were unworthy and therefore killed-. None of that would matter if they were killed in this damned murderer's haven before they even reached the palace.

Ronon tried not to remember the last time he'd been on this planet. Without an 'owner', he'd gotten to see the inside of their jails and had no wish for a second viewing. Nor to re-encounter the 'police' of this place. Which meant sticking close to Dr. Weir. *How* close he was going to have to get was something else again. She was a lovely woman whom he happened to admire, but the Satedan way was 'one man for one woman'; and not only did she already 'have' a man -however unofficially-, but he was one that Ronon called friend. One did not interfere with the courtship of friends.

Of course, all things had exceptions. Sheppard certainly couldn't protect her alone, and he needed the best as backup since one backup was all he'd be allowed at their destination. And knowing that everyone back on Atlantis felt the same hunger eating away at their ribs as he did.. Necessity and keeping your friends alive overruled any personal preferences.

####

After eight gruelling hours of *forceful* negotiations, the Atlantean delegation accompanied their first shipment of food to the gate. Elizabeth watched the skid flow out into the rippling blue yonder, still hyped up on the adrenaline that had given her the strength to stand up to the bullying tactics of their new 'allies'. She supposed she had to thank them for providing regular meals at least, which certainly helped her starved body support her; but still, it'd been a while since she'd put in this kind of day's work.

As the horizon dissipated, she was aware of John and Ronon standing literally at her elbows, tense and grumpy. She'd spent the day fighting; *they*'d spent the day *ready* to fight, straining to catch any coming threat while pretending not to, for fear of offering insult.

And now they had to return to the palace and 'perform'. She shied away from that part of it, deciding she needed to forget about the watchers; there was no way she would be able to.. No. Better to keep her focus on the here and now.

These people didn't seem to have a use for love or any other tender emotion. Sex was a physical fitness testament, not anything to do with two people connecting.. or three. But that didn't change how she and *her* people saw the act, damn it.

##

Walking into the room they had been issued, Elizabeth saw a tub through the door to the bathroom and couldn't help a sudden smile, glad to let herself be distracted and delay the inevitable; not to mention the very practical consideration that this would be much more pleasant if the three of them *didn't* stink. "I'm claiming dibs on that tub, gentlemen," she swept away with exaggerated grandness from her 'guards', standing uncomfortably in front of the recently closed door. Well yes, the idea of a bath after being grimy for so long *did* make her a little giddy, why did you ask...

##

Soaking in the hot water, Elizabeth forced the calm of meditation to settle in and neutralize some of the excess adrenaline running roughshod through her veins. Her people had food tonight, and her instincts said that the rest of the talks were going to be successful; tough, but successful. Without underestimating the amount of underhanded backstabbing that could happen, still, she really had learned to trust her instincts.

So for now, she trusted that her city and her people were saved. It was an unfortunate fact that she'd needed guards to get here safely and that the local definition of 'guard' was enforced on foreigners. Her eyes opened; the tension of the negotiations had allowed her to bury the reality of what the next phase of the 'talks' really entailed, but now the mental images became ascendant.

This was one of those rare occasions when Elizabeth's little inside voice wanted to cover its eyes and hide in a corner and ignore reality. And she wanted to listen to it! However, that wasn't who Elizabeth Weir was. She wouldn't have made it here if she'd hidden; wouldn't have kept her people alive through the years by denying problems. Alright. They needed these supplies, and the men on the other side of that door had had to kill three attackers on the way through town. And the condition for these negotiations to continue.. was to have sex. It was a severely limited godsend that the cameras were infra-red; all things considered, in a place like this, she wouldn't have been surprised if they required actual video footage to sell!

No. She'd already decided to forget the damned cameras were there, remember? Elizabeth took a deep breath, forcibly clearing her mind. Alright. Forget about the reasons and concentrate on the facts. She still couldn't believe that the Atlantis intranet had NOT gotten any threesome porn in it! She'd thought that doing a little last-minute research would simply be wise, only to discover that either her expedition was obsessively single-partnered or she needed to spruce-up her hacking skills.

Which left her with her imagination and that of John and Ronon. And left her with John and Ronon themselves. Her mind stilled, seeing them again as she'd turned away from the door earlier. As much as the Satedan dominated the room from sheer size, it was John's eyes that drew her, an automatic pull that had gotten tighter with every year they spent side by side. Her last reassurance after hard choices, her anchor when there were only problems and no solutions. And now... there had still been that reassurance, but tempered by hesitation.. and awareness. The recognition of that underlying attraction they'd danced around for the last three years.

Except that there was another man in the room; their friend or not, they would never have chosen to have him present for this. She had to get her mind onto a path that could accommodate what was about to happen. It wasn't giving in to the nagging need to touch John, to hold him and be held, to kiss him and *remember* it properly -damned body black boxes-. What this was, was one of those parts of a leader's job that they didn't teach you in school; and she had no idea how they were all going to work through it. Making love to John in front of cameras would be bad enough... making love to Ronon. At all, let along in front -with??- John... Dear God.

Food. Food and a power source. And two men that she *trusted*.

She could do this. Any number of people indulged in recreational sex, and she had two gorgeous men that she liked, in one way or another. Standing up in the tub, Elizabeth frowned for a second; how had Cadman put it? Oh yes, she grinned to herself, *eyecandy*. Yes, that was what she should concentrate on. Never mind wishing that she could simply put a collar on them to lay claim to them. Think of the eye candy Elizabeth. Because this wasn't about going through the motions; she, *they*, actually had to *participate*. Completely.

Good God, she refused to think when she'd last had an orgasm from a man; if she let herself feel it, she had to admit that her body had a complaint on permanent file. She could almost hear it whispering eagerly. Come on Elizabeth, it's just consensual, friendly sex. Please? Sex. Just pleasant sex. Right; everyone releases some tension and feels good. And the expedition and the Athosians all got to eat their fill for supper tonight, Elizabeth, and the shield might be up by tomorrow night.

Sex.

Right.

Get to work Elizabeth. There are women who would *kill* to have this job.

Now *that* thought made her smile; if only John wasn't... what he was to her. Maybe... But then again, no. No matter how she trusted Ronon, she wasn't sure what she would feel if John wasn't there, but 'safe' wasn't a good word for it. Where here.. yes, she did feel safe, not 'happy', but physically safe, and even emotionally, no more at risk that any other day.

She took her time wiping herself clean and even smoothing on a very little bit of lotion, trying to capture some feeling of anticipation, or sensuality. Dressing in the more casual loose shirt and slacks she pulled from her pack while making herself go over both men's 'attributes' indifferently. Repeatedly beating off the guilt at treating them like slabs of meat; and the feeling of being unfaithful when her body responded, ever so slightly, to the imagery.

Three equals.

Casual sex.

She took a last breath before opening the door, belatedly wondering what they'd done while she'd been in here.

John looked up when he heard the bathroom door finally open. Sitting on the edge of the bed undoing his boots, he met Elizabeth's eyes for a second before she tracked Ronon to where he lounged in the only chair in the room.

The flowing hemp shirt she'd put on made her look so different from the woman he worked with that he froze, simply watching as she stepped further into the room, dropping her pack next to the wall and hesitantly walking to him as Ronon stepped past her silently and closed the door behind himself. She looked almost carefree, casual and relaxed, though he could see the lie of that in the lines of tension around her eyes.

"Problem with your boots, colonel?" she grinned as she looked down at his still frozen fingers and he jerked back to himself.

Embarrassed heat crawled up his neck and he hurriedly looked down to finish the job, mumbling, "Oh, you know, tangled laces and all that." Considering everything else that was currently a tangled mess, the laces were just a nice distraction though.

After they'd taken off their vests and weapons in stilted silence, Ronon had abruptly asked him if he and Elizabeth had *ever* made love. As though they should have, as though it was inevitable. As though it was a topic of conversation by their people.

John had managed, up till then, to half-ignore what was about to happen, had focused on the danger and left the rest of this so vague in his thoughts that it didn't trigger any of the emotional mines he'd felt swelling when they'd first heard the news. But the words 'make love' had snuck the images into his mind. Had pulled out fantasies of Elizabeth that he was so used to denying and burying that for a minute he'd felt like the guy handling the nitro in some western; stiff and scared and jittery, with no idea how to stand or move.

And then seeing Ronon had forced him to further adjust the image into one that made him flinch in denial again, but then he'd grabbed himself by the scruff with a mental snarl. He couldn't afford to be childish right now, they needed to do this; *Elizabeth* needed him and he was damned if he'd fail her. So he'd taken a long breath and, rather than fumble an answer to the Satedan's impossible question, he'd shrugged and thrown down his own gauntlet, "You ever been in a threesome?"

John grinned now, the smirk hidden by his bent head, remembering the other man's half befuddled, half grimacing expression, "You mean to tell me this is a normal thing on Earth??"

"Hell, no," John had replied casually, "Does happen though. Don't ask me how often but-" He'd shrugged again.

"So... You know how..."

It wasn't often anyone got to see the self-confident warrior unnerved, and if John wasn't so damned unnerved himself, he'd be smirking happily at the turnaround. As it was, "No; sorry. I'm sure some of the boys I flew with when I was younger must have babbled about it over beers, but even if I'd paid enough attention, I don't think we'd want to give too much credence to them."

He'd sat on the bed, staring at the window looking out far above the the dark city, "I managed to get a couple hits off the network though," -by forcing himself to treat it like an academic curiosity- he frowned now in annoyance, "*Stories* of all things."

"Okay. So you *do* know what to do."

He'd tried to repeat what he remembered and they'd stiffly thrown around a couple hesitantly spoken ideas before falling silent. It was Ronon that had thrown the last thought out; that they needed to treat this as 'fun'. Casual.

Yeah.

Casual.

Sex.

With Elizabeth. Yeah, right.

With Ronon. Err, what??

And that was the last they'd said to each other, both reverting to silent and mutually and wordlessly agreeing to go with the flow, since planning wasn't working for either of them.

Now Elizabeth sat down a few inches besides him as he straightened, throwing his boots out of the way and turning, bending his knee up on the bed to face her. She'd brought both bare feet on the comforter and wrapped her arms round her raised knees, reinforcing the relaxed image. This was far from the closest they'd been to each other, but the fact that they were on a bed and that she wasn't wearing shoes momentarily distracted him, "I don't think I've ever seen you barefoot."

Elizabeth's grin from watching him struggle with his footwear faded at his quiet words. She followed his eyes down to the toes sticking out from her pant leg and wriggled them experimentally, looking back up to catch a soft grin on his face. "John?" When he looked up, still smiling, she felt yet more of that tension inside her settle, the gentleness and affection in his eyes were a much-needed reassurance right now. "Have either of you-" she waved a hand at the bed, themselves and the bathroom door, hoping he'd get the picture.

His grin faded too, replaced with an equally reassuring serious expression. "Participated in a threesome? No," he shook his head ruefully, "Of all things I thought I'd regret not going after when I was young and wild..."

Elizabeth choked on a laugh, "*When* you were young and wild? John Sheppard-" It was her turn to shake her head, trying to wrap her mind into associating the frequently un-leashable handsome man in front of her with someone who saw youth and wildness only in his *past*.

John grinned widely, feeling a swell of warmth at having made her relax and laugh. "We did talk a bit. About all we agreed was that the best course was to keep this.. relaxed. Fun. Casual." He shrugged, smile fading as every second brought him closer to the reality of trying to put those words into some kind of action they could all live with. When she nodded sober agreement before looking away and just sitting silently, he caught himself automatically looking away from the opening of her shirt. No, for once he actually *should* stare; at least a bit. Not for the encouragement; his body shivered with awareness any time he was *close* to Elizabeth, he wasn't remotely worried about being 'able'. But he did need to get used to looking, to letting himself look. And used to being caught.

He blushed as she turned her head, smirking at catching him staring at her breasts and automatically going to 'tease John' mode, "See something you like?"

If the teasing was a bit forced, he still appreciated the attempt. He grinned sheepishly, "Yeah, actually," He gave her a very slow, thorough once over, not really teasing and ended with a grin as he saw the bright red staining her cheeks, "Very much."

She shook her head at him before sobering, "John?" He quirked a brow at the uncertain edge to her voice, "Are we going to be okay?"

His breath wanted to stutter and he let it, knowing she needed to know she wasn't the only one unsure far more than he needed his pride in front of her. He cleared his throat, feeling the familiar pull of need to touch her, "Yeah, we will," he hesitated, seeing her continued worry, "I promise, Elizabeth. I'm not letting this hurt *us*." What 'us' *was*... was a question for when Atlantis was back in fighting shape and they were *alone*, but he meant every word. He knew he was going to be jealous, had known from the first instant, but no one deserved that feeling here, Elizabeth wasn't che- wasn't falling for another man. She was trying to keep their people alive by the only means she had.

She seemed to believe him, nodding with a small smile before looking away, he assumed to regain her relaxed humour.

There was something else they needed to get used to, though. Something he, for one, viscerally needed to be all their own.

"Elizabeth?" When she turned that falsely calm look back to him, John carefully brought a hand to her cheek, aware that she stiffened and was choking the instinct to pull back. He needed to do this, needed for the first time he kissed her to be just the two of them. To establish that baseline in both their minds. He had dreamed this moment for far too long, had accepted that it was safer for their relationship and for their jobs for it not to happen yet, but now... This was one first that they could *still* have.

They watched each other as they got closer, silently acknowledging what they meant to each other, and Elizabeth wondered how they'd survived so long with this power boxed up inside themselves. When their lips touched, it was with gentle tenderness, not trying to speak of sex, but of love. Of caring. Their eyes still open, her fingers curled into his shirt, shivering and searching for an anchor; feeling his wide, warm hands stroking her back lightly, each pass pulling her closer, laying claim to her, wrapping her senses in his touch and protection. All the time in the world to love each other; and then, naturally enough, lips parted and deeper exploration became necessary. The need arising to possess and give; to belong to each other *right now*.

Elizabeth's hands were buried in John's warm, lively hair; his hands under her shirt and pants, caressing and rippling her tight against him. Her tongue deep in his mouth, body simmering with heat and need when she felt different hands hesitatingly settle on her hips.

She pulled back in confusion, breathing hard, listening to John whine at the back of his throat at the interruption. But she also felt a bearded kiss on her nape; and then she remembered and looked behind her, meeting Ronon's teasing expression apologetically. As odd as it was, seeing the Satedan's face so close -so much stranger than staring into John's eyes as they kissed- and seeing the understanding in his eyes, reassured her. His teasing grin when he looked past her was something she again knew they would all need to survive this surreal night. Humour to make light of physical need, to soothe the primitive beasts that could all too easily rise.