Tommy opened the door to find a striking, black-haired beauty with glossy, pink lips in a white satin jacket. In her hands was a large square box, barely two inches high.
"But I didn't order a pizza."
"It's a gift from Mr. Belmont. You helped him a few weeks ago when he had car trouble in the middle of the night. It's his way of saying thank you."
"How nice of him, but he really didn't have to!"
"He says it's good cold, too."
"Wait. You delivered a cold pizza?"
"No, it's not cold. But it will be."
Tommy looked at her with a blank stare.
"That's because he has something else for you."
With those words, the girl slipped past him and entered the house. Tommy followed, closing the door behind him, and stood there with no idea what was happening. Then, in the middle of his living room, the girl teasingly pulled down the zipper on her jacket, gradually revealing more and more of her tender flesh, until the jacket pulled away. Underneath, Tommy could see that she wore only a red lace bra to hold up her large, perfectly rounded breasts. All he could do for the next minute was stare.
"Bu..but I'm married," Tommy blurted out.
She looked at him and softly said, "I know. But your wife is out of town."
"How did you know?"
"Mr. Belmont makes it his business to know these things, especially when he wants to return a favor."
With those words, she stepped toward him and began to pull down the zipper of her very short skirt.
"You should probably know the name of your gift. I'm Darci."
"I can't, I really can't. Like I said, I'm married." Tommy stepped back, stopping Darci mid-stride. The look in her eyes betrayed both her disappointment and her surprise. She had been looking forward to knowing Tommy better, and she was not accustomed to men saying no.
"Don't you like what you see, Tommy?" she said, holding open her jacket to give him a better look. "I'm all yours, and no one else will ever know what happens here."
"No, really, no. I can't, and you should probably leave."
"Well, if you can't touch me, there's no harm in just looking. Let me put on a little show for you. After all, Mr. Belmont would not be happy with me if I left so soon."
He started to object, but Darci interrupted. "You look at naked girls online, don't you? This is no different. It's just that instead of going online, the porn is coming to you."
Tommy did nothing to stop her as she walked to the center of the room. "Good. Now let me finish what I was doing a minute ago." With her back to him, Darci finished unzipping her skirt and slowly pulled it down her smooth and shapely legs. Bending over to lift one leg, then the other, out of her skirt, she gave him a clear view of her ass with a red thong disappearing between her cheeks. Looking over her shoulder, she saw there was now a smile on his face.
Good.
Keeping her gaze locked on him, Darci slowly turned to give him a look at the red thong from the front. Only the smallest piece of fabric covered her pussy, making it clear that she was bare−and smooth−down below.
"Won't you be a gentleman and help a girl out of her jacket?"
After stepping toward him, she turned back around and held her arms out behind her. Tommy hesitated for a moment, before pulling the jacket away. As he started to move away, she said, "And would you mind unfastening the bra for me? This one's a little tricky for me."
Tommy simply stared at the beautiful creature wearing only a red lace bra, matching thong, and black heels.
Darci took a step toward him to offer some encouragement.
"It's OK, Tommy. I'm not asking you to touch me, just to unhook a piece of clothing. I'm sure you've done that before."
Knowing the bra would soon be off, one way or another, he undid the hooks, letting his hands linger against her skin before letting go of the garment.
Darci removed the straps and let the bra drop to the floor. "Oops," she giggled, as she bent over to pick it up, pushing her ass into his crotch. "Someone's enjoying the show," she said, while slowly grinding into his clearly rigid cock. She smiled when she realized he wasn't stepping away.
The fun was just beginning.
She slowly stood up, tossed the bra off to the side, cupped her breasts with her hands, and faced Tommy.
"Would you like to see a little more of me?" She looked deep into his eyes, then added, "I think you do."
She moved her arms off to the side revealing two large, firm breasts topped with gumdrop nipples. Her hands returned to her chest and began caressing both tits.
"Do you like them? They're soft and smooth and warm, and they're fun to play with. I know you can't touch then, so you'll have to take my word for it." Darci let out a slight giggle, knowing full well she wasn't playing fair.
Taking him by the hand, she said, "Join me on the sofa."
There's something intimate and reassuring about holding hands. She squeezed his lightly, and he instinctively squeezed back.
"Don't worry, we'll sit at opposite ends," she said, leading him to the other side of the room. "You can see better this way, and I won't be so lonely."
The two of them removed their shoes and took their places on the sofa with their backs against the armrests and their feet on the cushions. Darci wasted no time picking up where she left off. Her hands moved over her body, caressing first her thighs, and then her belly and finally her tits. She moaned as her hands moved over the velvety skin, massaging and squeezing so that he could see her breasts start to jiggle. Tweaking each nipple between her fingers, Tommy watched as the flesh hardened. And she moaned all the more.
"I just love touching myself. I get so excited moving my hands across my soft skin."
One hand continued playing with her breasts, while the other found its way to her panties, rubbing over the thin fabric until it wedged between her pussy lips, giving him an up-close-and-personal view of the hottest cameltoe he'd ever seen.
Letting out a soft moan, Darci slipped a hand under her panties so that she could rub her pussy and push a finger inside.
Her moans got louder.
"Oh, Tommy, can you hear that? My pussy squishes every time I move my fingers in and out. That's how wet I am" She looked directly into his eyes as she said those words. But Tommy didn't look back, being mesmerized by the self-love taking place just a few feet away.
"Let me give you a better look," she said, quickly removing her panties before putting one finger, then two, back where they belonged. After massaging the inside of her cunt for a minute, she brought the fingers up to her face to take in her own sweet, musky fragrance.
"I smell so good−just like sex. Here, find out for yourself," she said, holding out her fingers for him.
Tommy licked his lips ever so slightly, but hesitated.
"I'm not asking you to touch me−just smell. I'm sure that's OK."
Darci saw a tiny smile cross Tommy's lips as he leaned forward to take in the fragrance of her pussy-soaked fingers. Not able to help herself, she touched him and started painting his lips with the juices from her cunt. Taking the next step, she gently pushed her fingers into his mouth.
"How do I taste, Tommy? Is it good?"
Darci didn't need to hear an answer. Watching him suck on her fingers was all she needed to know.
"I bet it's even better if you skip my fingers. You've already tasted me, Tommy. You might as well go to the source. Just one lick."
She could tell he didn't want to say no. She leaned back and raised her hips, offering up her pussy to the excited man in front of her. It was all he could take.
Her lowered himself between her thighs and slowly licked his way up her slit, savoring the fragrance and the feel of her moist cunt.
"Oh, that's a good boy," she cooed, gently placing her hands on his head, encouraging him to continue.
And that's exactly what he did−kissing and licking her pussy over and over before pushing his tongue past her lips. He probed her cunt and fucked it with his tongue before licking his way back up her slit so that his mouth could find her clit. He kissed it once, twice, three times as if it were a long-lost lover. Then his lips enveloped her hardened bud and he began to suck. He kept at it for a minute or longer, enjoying the taste, the fragrance, and the sound of her moans. Then he pulled back quickly, realizing exactly what he was doing.
"It's okay, Tommy, it really is."
She looked directly into his eyes and continued in a whisper. "If I left right now, you'd go into the bathroom to jerk off. One way or another, you're going to cum. It's only a question of how."
He looked back at her, trying to take in all that she was saying.
"It's not like your wife is in the room and you're choosing me over her. She's not here to take care of you, but I am."
In his state of excitement, it all started to make sense.
"We both know what's going to happen, Tommy. You're going to take out your very hard dick, put it in my warm, wet pussy, and fuck me hard. Isn't that right?"
Tommy slowly nodded.
"Now take out your cock and show me that's really what you want. Will you do that?"
As if in a trance, Tommy unbuckled his belt, unfastened his pants, pulled down his zipper, and pulled out his cock.
"That's a good boy, Tommy."
Darci had never had to work this hard to fuck someone before. In fact, she never had to work at it. But the act of seducing someone excited her more than she ever could have imagined. Her pussy was dripping wet with the knowledge that Tommy desperately wanted her.
The truth is, they wanted each other.
"It's beautiful, absolutely beautiful. Big and smooth, and the head is almost purple from being so excited. I did that, didn't I? And now I'm going to take care of it."
His eyes widened at her words, which she took as a clear sign to continue.
"Is it OK if I touch it? Once I do, there's no turning back."
Tommy nodded, knowing full well it was a done deal.
"It's so hard, Tommy," Darci said, caressing the full length of his cock with her hand. "And do you know what? I'm going to make it harder."
She bent down and gave his rigid dick a long, lingering kiss, something she had been aching to do since she started stripping for him. Licking her way up his shaft, she kissed the head and rubbed it all around her mouth and face before letting him watch it slowly disappear between her bright pink lips. Deeper and deeper the cock went until it touched the back of her mouth. Her lips hugged the shaft as she sucked and let her tongue caress his flesh. Before long, she opened her mouth and swallowed his dick into her throat until she was balls deep with the walls of her throat clenching around his rock hard cock, her moans matching his. It was clear he wanted her, but she wanted him just as badly−and sucking him wouldn't be enough.
After reluctantly letting his cock slide from her mouth, Darci looked him in the eyes saying, "I really want to taste your cum, but my pussy wants your cock even more."
Knowing full well what was coming next, Tommy slid further down the coach so that Darci could more easily mount him. She started by taking off his shoes, pants and underpants, followed by his shirt. She wanted him to be as naked as she was. Then straddling him, she positioned her cunt against his cock and slid her wet lips back and forth against his shaft, teasing both herself and the eager man beneath her. She let this go on for a couple of minutes before she raised her hips and used her hand to guide the head of his dick to the opening of her cunt. Ever so slowly, she eased him into her, then sat unmoving to savor the feeling of his cock filling her tight pussy.
It wasn't long before Tommy started moving his own hips in the hopes of encouraging Darci to take things to the next level. His desire had become almost unbearable, and he needed relief−badly. She relented and began gently rocking back and forth, allowing his dick to partially slide out and back in, again and again.
Reaching down, she took his hands and placed them on her soft, full tits. "Touch me, pinch me, Tommy. Whatever you see is yours."
He started kneading her tits and pinching her nipples, then leaned forward to kiss and lick her flesh, before taking her already-hard nipples between his lips, sucking with abandon and gently biting first one nipple, then the other.
"Yes, Tommy, just like that. Now spank me. Spank me hard."
His right hand smacked her ass cheek once, twice, three times−each slap becoming louder and harder. Tommy's attentions drove Darci to a new level, prompting her to move her hips faster and with more force. She felt the head of cock near the opening of her pussy, then thrust her hips downward. She did this again and again before pausing to wiggle her ass to massage the walls of her pussy with his hard dick. Darci smiled, watching him moan and squirm in frustration. He wanted−no, he needed−relief, but Darci was in full control and wanted his desire to reach fever pitch. Ultimately, she would make sure his climax was unlike anything he had ever−and would ever−experience.
Finally she raised her hips, then lowered them, till her ass rested on his pelvis. She did this a second time and a third and a fourth−increasing the speed with each of her thrusts until the sound of flesh slapping flesh filled the room.
Feeling a spark in her pussy, Darci knew it wouldn't be long and nearly screamed, "Tommy, I'm going to come. I want you to come in my pussy. Please, come with me."
Tommy grabbed her hips to help him drive harder and deeper into her, and she grasped him by the shoulders, digging her nails into his flesh. He held and she dug as the fire spread from her cunt to her chest, legs, arms, and face. At that moment, Tommy's cock throbbed and unleashed an eruption deep inside her. Stream after stream of warm cum filled her pulsating pussy as she bent down and locked her lips onto his, letting her tongue explore the inside of his mouth in a wild abandon. When their bodies stopped convulsing, she collapsed onto his chest, enjoying the final throbs of his cock.
Darci had one more treat in store for Tommy. Climbing off of his dick, she could feel their mixed cum dripping from her very wet cunt. Reaching down, she wiped the opening with her hand, then looked him in the eyes as she rubbed the warm stickiness over both of her breasts.
"Look at you. You're a mess, Tommy," she giggled. "And it's all my fault. I guess that means I should clean you up myself."
She took his cock in her hand and slowly licked up one side of his gooey shaft, then the other. Staring deeply into his eyes, she took him into her mouth, sucking and moaning while he looked at her in disbelief.
"That's much better, don't you think," she said, releasing his cock from her glistening lips. "Mr. Belmont wanted you to have a gift you'll never forget. I do hope I succeeded."
"Without a doubt," said Tommy. "Thank you, Darci, and please give my thanks to Mr. Belmont."
"I certainly will. And now I'd like something from you."
She paused to make sure she had his full attention.
"Make sure to think of me when you're alone, and make sure you think of me when you're jacking off, and please think of me when you fuck your wife. I'd like that, Tommy."
A smile crossed his face, and he nodded.
With that, she leaned over, kissed him on the cheek, and got up from the sofa. Tommy then watched as she put on her heels, skirt, and jacket−with bra and panties in hand−and made her way to the door before disappearing into the night−leaving Tommy alone with a pizza that was, indeed, quite cold, just as Darci had said.