                                       In The Park
                                    By Lisa & Lust 4 Life

This story is a sequel to Sweet Release. Lisa and Bob go for a walk and end up in a 
small park at dusk, near a busy intersection. Under the cover of darkness but otherwise in 
plain site, they enjoy a tryst as hundreds of commuters hurry by. This is a true story. M/F, 
exhib.

An Encounter in the Dark

Bob and Lisa met on an adult swingers site and after emailing a few times, jointly wrote 
the story Sweet Release about a possible first meeting in a bookstore. The bookstore 
meeting never actually occurred but instead one afternoon Bob called Lisa and asked, 
Weve been emailing and seemed to click. Do you want to meet in person sometime, 
talk a bit? I am ahead on work and could take some time off this afternoon. Lisa 
hesitated, Well, actually, I was just masturbating fantasizing about you from the pictures 
you sent. Sure, but I need to shower first. Bob continued, Alright, how about 3:30 at 
the little parking area by the bike path along the river? We could go for a walk along the 
bike path.

Having agreed, both Bob and Lisa were both excited about their up-coming first meeting, 
wondering what the other person would be like in person, wondering if they would do 
more than just walk and talk, and if so, where. Driving to the park, Bob rubbed his crotch 
repeatedly thinking about this wild, uninhibited woman he had met, thinking she was just 
crazy enough to do it outdoors, in public on their first meeting. Lisa showered, enjoying 
running her fingers along her slit and over her clit thinking some more about Bob, his 
sexy pictures, that big cock he sported in the pictures, and his obvious intellectual side 
which turned her on. Mm-m-m, I wonder if hes gonna be sliding that cock up inside me 
soon?

The park was really not much more than a parking lot with some picnic tables in the open 
area next to it. It was at the intersection of 2 major local roads and on the other side of the 
river from the bike trail. Access to the bike trail was via a wide, combined vehicle / 
pedestrian bridge with a couple of pedestrian overlooks.

They both arrived at about the same time, meeting in person for the first time. They gave 
each other a quick kiss and headed off for the bridge and the bike path. As they walked 
holding hands, conversation flowed amongst various topics, often returning to sex  some 
teasing and flirting, some serious. The afternoon waned toward dusk and as they walked 
back across the busy bridge over the river, to the parking lot, Bob took Lisa in his arms, 
looked her in the eyes, and said, I just want you to know, Id love to sink my hard cock 
into you and fuck you silly. Lisa pressed her body against Bob in reply, grinding her 
pubic mound against his crotch, her breasts against his chest as his hands pulled her ass 
toward him. Oh what a sexy man she thought, Willing to take control, tell me in no 
uncertain terms how much he lusts for me. Oh God Im getting wet for him. Ill bet hes 
just crazy enough to do me in public, back at the parking lot. But Lisa soon broke their 
embrace and they continued on.

By the time they had returned to the parking lot it was dusk. They moved to one of the 
picnic tables and were soon embracing, kissing passionately, in clear site of any of the 
hundreds of commuters passing on the nearby road. While they continued to kiss 
darkness closed in around them as Lisa begun humping her crotch on Bobs leg as his 
hands caressed her breasts. Bob sat back on one of the tables to better brace himself. 
Soon Bob slid his hands down Lisas pants, massaging her ass before sliding back up, 
under her blouse and undoing her bra. The excitement of making out in plain sight of all 
the commuters (of course they couldnt see Bob and Lisa in the dark but Lisa could see 
them) and the risk of getting caught, either by someone returning late from a walk or a 
park ranger was turning her on something incredible, not to mention Bobs hands on her 
ass and now sliding up and massaging her breasts. A wild feeling came over Lisa, being 
possessed by this strong, uninhibited man, getting off on him in such a public place. 
Before long she was shuddering in orgasm as she humped against Bobs leg.

Meanwhile Bob was delighting in getting this hot woman off, feeling her passion, 
enjoying the feel of her soft flesh under his hands. Now he stood up and turned her 
around so he could grind his crotch against her ass while sliding his hands up to cup her 
breasts and nuzzle her neck, whispering how much she turned him on. Soon he slid his 
hands down, unbuckled her pants and slid a hand down, inside her pants, until he came to 
her soft, wet pussy. He fingered her clit for a while bringing soft moans from Lisa before 
continuing further and slipping a finger inside her deliciously soft pussy until he found 
her G-spot. Oh my God! How is he doing that? thought Lisa. Its never felt that good 
when Ive done it myself. This man is incredible! Oh my God, Im gonna cum again! 
And with that, Lisa shuddered to a second orgasm on Bobs finger.

As she came down a bit from the incredible sensations pulsing through her pussy, Lisa 
wanted to give similar pleasure to Bob. She ran her hands down over his crotch, feeling 
the bulge of his penis, eager for her. Stepping back she unbuckled his pants and quickly 
shoved them down to his knees, once more pushing him back against the table. It was 
dark but she could make out his somewhat swollen penis with the sack of his testicles 
hanging behind. Reaching down she cupped them gently and then affectionately squeezed 
his penis.

Kneeling down she licked and then gently mouthed his balls, first one, then the other, 
bringing moans of pleasure from Bob as he felt her warm lips moving gently over his 
balls. Next Lisa slid her mouth down over his cock, feeling it expanding in her mouth. As 
she used one hand to guide his cock and run her fingers over his balls, she slid the other 
down to continue fingering herself as she bobbed her head on his cock. Lisa was feeling 
like quite the slut, blowing this guy in the wide open but was incredibly turned on by the 
knowledge that all these commuters were headed home from work, in plain sight but 
completely oblivious. Bob loved Lisas expert touch, possibly the best he had known, and 
loved the sight of her curly blonde haired head bobbing up and down on his manhood as 
he leaned against the picnic table and watched the traffic go by.

After enjoying her technique for a while, Bob finally pulled Lisa up to standing, kissed 
her passionately for a few moments, and then turned her around so she could lean her 
hands on the picnic table while he lowered her pants and prepared to enter her from 
behind. Lisa was on fire with desire to feel this strong male possessing her, taking her 
here in public, to give herself to him and feel his throbbing desire deep inside her. Hes 
really going to do it, right here in the open! This is so wicked! They both knew that until 
the blow job even though the were feeling each other up, they were fairly discrete with 
clothes covering the action so that even if someone did catch them, there wasnt really 
much to see, they could with some plausibility claim that they were just kissing. But now 
with both pairs of pants around their knees, it would be hard to deny having sex in public 
if caught. Of course the risk just added to their excitement.

Bob rubbed his hard shaft along Lisas slit from behind as he whispered in her ear, Im 
going to fuck you, right here, right now, in the open with all of those people in plain site. 
And then he was sliding his cock up inside her. Oh, she felt so good! Soon they were 
humping away, Lisa leaning on the table, Bob thrusting into her from behind while 
massaging her breasts and nibbling at her neck. You like this? You like getting fucked 
out in the open with all of these people around? he asked. Oh yes! Oh fuck me she 
answered. The feelings built rapidly in her pussy as his hard cock pistoned into her until 
she convulsed in yet another orgasm. Yes, cum for me. Cum on my cock Bob 
whispered as he continued fucking. Soon the he could feel his own orgasm building and 
Lisa could tell from his rhythm and tenseness that he was getting close, Oh get ready. 
Im getting close, Im gonna cum in you! Oh, yes, do it, let it go inside me Lisa 
answered. Bob could feel himself getting closer, harder, as he thrust hard into Lisa, Oh, 
Oh, AH! Im cumming in you he said as he felt his cum start to shoot through his cock 
and into her waiting pussy. Oh yes! Lisa replied, feeling the wonderful throbbing inside 
her as his cock pulsed, pumping his cum in her. She could feel the sudden warmth and 
wetness of his sperm in her pussy and she came again.

Bob held himself inside her while his cock gave a few final pulses and slowly softened. 
When it finally slid out he turned her around, kissed her passionately, then pulling his 
head back they looked each other in the eyes and suddenly broke out laughing. Wow! 
That was outrageous, but great! Bob said. Lisa readily agreed as they both rapidly pulled 
their pants up. Giggling they walked arm in arm to their cars. So was this a one time 
thing, or do you want to get together again sometime? Bob asked. Lisa just smirked, 
smiling at him and said, Well see before getting into her car and driving off.

