
THE MEASURE OF MAN

An Epic by Gil Gamesh

Chapter Thirty-Two

As for you, Gilgamesh, fill your belly with good things; day and night, night and day, dance and be merry, feast and rejoice. Let your clothes be fresh, bathe yourself in water, cherish the little child that holds your hand, and make your wife happy in your embrace; for this too is the measure of man.

<><><>

CAST OF CHARACTERS:
Kieran Stuart, 43; Siobhan Stuart, 42; Kavan Stuart, 16; Arial Stuart, 14 (and ); Kerry Stuart, 11 (almost 12)

Kathryn Jenssen, 17

Lauren Andersen, 51; Stuart Andersen, 28; Joanne Andersen,25; Paul Andersen, 3

Luke Bridges, 25, Rachael Bridges, 26, Adrianna Bridges, 3


TELLING THE STORY:
Kerry Stuart, Kieran Stuart

(KERRY) 

Kerry Lee Stuart, whats so funny?

I was trying not to laugh. Maybe I was trying not to giggle. It was bad enough my voice had been cracking lately. I never knew whether it would sound like a mans voice or a kids. Anyway, I didnt want to start giggling like a little kid or like a girl. I didnt know whether I would giggle or laugh if I let it out so I choked it off.

I was glad Arial and Luke got to use the upstairs bedroom for the night. It was the only one in the cabin that was really nice. The stairs going up connected to a walkway that went all the way across, like a balcony, over the big room downstairs. When you went in the door, the bedroom was against the inside wall and there was even room enough to walk around the bed on three sides. The bed was a king-size bed, a real one, with box springs and mattress. I had never slept in it but I had played in it for years. You could look out the sliding glass doors on the opposite wall to a little outside balcony. 

The six downstairs bedrooms were all the same size, maybe eight by ten, or eight by twelve if you counted the cupboard space on one end. No matter which one you went in, the cupboards were always on the left of the door as you went in. The bed was always on the right. The bed was always just a queen-size mattress down on the floor. The downstairs bedrooms were all under the legs of the A-frame and the ceiling sloped down so you couldnt stand up on one side. The inside wall was about twelve feel high and the outside wall only about four. I had bumped my head too many times on the ceiling and even had to have four stitches once from hitting it on a beam.

The bedroom Rachael had picked out must have been fixed up by somebody. The bed looked like it had new bed linens on it and there were about a dozen pillows scattered around. The ceiling fan above the bed on the tall side of the room was turning around real slowly. I had loved to play with the fan switch when I was a kid. The man who built the cabin, Paul Andersen, Laurens husband, had installed a rheostatically-controlled switch on the wall where you could reach it while laying on the mattress. I would lie there and play like I was flying an airplane. There were a couple of candles burning on shelves and the fan made the flames flicker and the shadows were dancing all around the room.

Rachael lay down on the bed while I was looking around.

I just think its funny the way everybody still wants to treat me like a little kid, I said.

Kerry, nobodys treating you like a little kid. Inviting you in heres not treating you that way. Little kids dont get to do what were going to do tonight.

I walked over to the center of the room and reached up to the roof trusses. I had always thought it was funny that the roof trusses were also the wall beams. I liked to stretch and see how far I could get toward the center of the room while holding onto the trusses. I was almost in the center now. I stood on tiptoes and stretched all the muscles on my legs and then on my body and arms. Sometimes if I stretched hard enough I could make my joints pop. It felt good.

I thought Dad was the one who assigned me to fill in for Luke. And he didnt have to say if I was up to it. Are you the one who invited me?

She patted the bed beside her. Kerry, dont be mad at me. I invited you because I wanted to I wanted you to be with me when Luke was with Arial.

I walked over on the bed and piled some pillows up in the corner where the room was highest. I sat down, leaned back, and spread my legs as far apart as I could. I stretched some more. I leaned over and touched my fingers to the toes on the opposite foot and then the other. I curled my toes up and flexed the muscles in my feet and legs. 

Yeah, well, first it was Lauren. I told Arial and Kavan we should all show her lots of love to help her feel better. First thing I know, Im the leadoff act in a threesome. Then next, Kathryn decides she wants me to perform with her while shes busy with Dad. Now you invited me because Lukes with Arial. Maybe Id just like to try to get somewhere by myself. Once in a while!

Im sorry, Kerry. I didnt think youd feel that way. I guess I was just thinking of what I wanted.

She wasnt smiling anymore. Maybe I hurt her feelings and I didnt want to do that. But I did feel like I wanted to decide what I wanted to do. I stretched some more in my pelvis and stomach and my dick started its wake-up routine. When I sat down it was hanging down over my balls. Now it decided to wake up like it does sometimes. It would sort of go surge, lift, rest, surge, lift, rest. Every time, it would get just a little harder. It didnt take long until it was standing up. I always thought, when I was watching it, that it looked like it was lifting up its head and looking around for something to get into. Rachael watched it go through its routine. 

Sure, I want the same thing, I guess, but I want it because I want it, I said, when it was finished. Does that make sense?

Yes, Kerry, it makes sense. Ive known you so long I guess I thought Id know what you wanted.
 
Id been a little mad when Dad made his announcement. I had tried not to let it show. I had even bowed to Rachael and tried to be a gentleman when we left the room. Sure, I wanted to do it with Rachael. Id been wanting to for a long time, especially since I started turning into a man. I didnt really want to be mad at her. She had always loved me and been nice to me.

I dont want to be mean to you, Rachael. I just wish everybody would treat me half-way like a grownup, not like a kid.

I wish I could sit like that, Kerry. I guess women arent supposed to be able to do it. It shows too much.

I looked down. It showed my dick and balls but I was always showing them when I was naked. I had a hard-on but I had lots of those and nobody said anything much except to kid me a little. Rachael had seen me with hard-ons most of my life, maybe not so much since Id started developing.

I crawled out of the corner and pushed her until she got in it. I got on the opposite corner of the bed and stretched out on my back supported on my elbows so I could look at her. She had her legs together and I used my feet to nudge them apart as far as possible.

She was right. It did show a lot. Even with candles for light, I could see her pussy sort of gaping a little. Id seen it lots of times, maybe not quite like this, but I still liked to look at it. I thought, if I didnt already have a hard-on, I would have got one from looking at her. Maybe my dick liked to look too because it felt like it got harder.

I cant tell youre pregnant, I said.

She looked down. Im just beginning to show. My pants and skirts are just beginning to get tight. The babys just a little peanut right now. Thats what Luke calls him - peanut.

I heard her say him. Do you already know hes a boy? I didnt think you could tell this early.

Youre right. We cant tell. Luke wants a boy and I want one for him. Well have to wait at least three more months or so to find out, if we decide to find out. 

Rachael, thats another reason Im not sure I should be in here with you. When I read all those books about sex, I mainly read the parts I wanted to know about. I just skimmed through most of the stuff about having babies. I dont want to do anything with you thatd hurt you or the baby.

Kerry, you cant do anything to hurt my baby.

Yeah, but what if my sperm gets mixed up with Lukes and you have a baby thats part mine and part his?

I watched her when I said it. I wondered if shed think I really believed what I said. She looked at me like I was the dumbest person shed ever known.

Kerry Lee Stuart, how can you be so super intelligent about some things and so absolutely stupid about others. Did you even read the chapters in the sex books about what happens when the baby is conceived and when it grows.

I skimmed over them, I admitted. I guess I shouldve read them better, huh? I dont ever want to do anything to hurt you.

I thought she would know I was pretending to be stupid about how babies were conceived and how they developed. When I first read about it, I thought it was so fascinating I had practically memorized the whole book. 

Youre just teasing me, arent you? she asked.

I looked her in the eyes and I couldnt help but smile. She knew I was just playing around with her. 

Yeah, everybody expects a kid my age to be stupid about sex. I just kind of go along with them and act that way some times.

She looked at me kind of funny and I didnt know why. Then she crawled over to me and kissed me. She held my face in both hands and kissed me on the lips. I guess she was kissing me like shed kiss a brother.

Kerry, youre still sweet to me, arent you? Ive known you since you were three and youve always been the same way with me. Its no wonder I love you. You dont have to pretend to be stupid with me. I know how smart you really are.

I smiled and didnt say anything. I couldnt remember how long I had known her. It seemed like I had known her and Luke all my life. I knew they werent really Mom and Dads children but we treated them like they were family. Except I knew they had done it with Mom and Dad and us kids never had. When she sat back, I leaned over and held her face this time and kissed her.

Maybe I shouldnt have done that. She stuck her tongue in my mouth and it went straight down to my dick. Well, at least thats what it felt like. My dick started thinking for me.

She sat back down in the corner and put her legs in the same position as before. She looked at me and I looked at her. She knew I wanted to do it and I knew she did too. She put one hand down between her legs and used two fingers to spread the lips to her pussy. She might have dark hair all around it but it was just as pink and red inside as Arials had been last night. I wondered if Rachael would like me to lick her and finger-fuck her like I did Arial.

What do you want to do tonight, Rachael? I asked.

No, Kerry, you just said you wanted to be treated more like a grownup. You tell me what you want to do with me.

Everything!

Everything?

Yeah, everything and I mean everything.

OK, but tell me specifically what you want. In the order you want to do them.

I want to lick your pussy and use my fingers to make you come. I think I know how to do that pretty good but I would like to practice with you.

And after that?

Gimme a blow-job?

I gave her my grin. If I could order from a Chinese menu I was going to include my favorite.

OK, and next?

I want my dick where you just showed me. I want to fuck you. Dad says I shouldnt use fuck for a verb to describe what a man and a woman do together. Right now, my dick thinks its a pretty good word.

OK. Is that all?

I was a little puzzled and I guess it showed. I tried to think of something else a guy could do with a woman.

I guess so. Unless we do some of it more than once.

Thats not quite all a man can do with a woman. Theres something else Luke and I have done a few times. Ill let you figure out what it is. Im not going to tell you.

I started to say something.

And dont ask me. If you cant figure it out, forget I ever said anything.

Well, if youre talking about kissing you and then me sucking on your tits, I guess I was just thinking of that as sort of getting warmed up.

Im pretty warm already, Kerry. From the looks of your dick, I think you are too. Youre not a little boy anymore, are you?

I looked at my dick. It was a nice size already. I guessed it was between five and a half and six inches because, believe it or not, I hadnt measured it lately. I knew it wasnt as big as Dads yet but he kept telling me to be patient and it probably would be, maybe even bigger.

She patted the pillow beside her so I crawled over and lay down with her. She was propped up a little higher than I was and she just looked at my face and kept looking. I dont know what she saw but she finally lowered her face to mine and kissed me. This wasnt the same sort of kiss shed always given me, a little smack on the cheek and sometimes on the lips. This was the real thing. I had my lips closed but I felt hers open and her tongue started probing between mine. I opened my lips and let her tongue in and started sucking on it. My dick liked that. After a little, I stuck my tongue in her mouth and she sucked on mine. My dick liked that even more. It felt so hard it was like it could break. I dont know why but I pressed up against her and started pushing it sort of against her stomach and legs. She reached down and held it in her hand and we kept kissing. 

I kept getting hotter and hotter and I wondered what I was supposed to do next. I knew I wanted to suck on her breasts so I slid down a little and then started doing that. She didnt let go of my dick. She started sliding her hand up and down on it real slow, like I do when Im jacking off, except that I do it faster. I started wishing shed stop because I didnt want to come, not yet, and I could feel it getting ready. I pushed her hand off and kept on sucking her breasts one after the other. I loved the way her nipples got so hard in my mouth. I didnt stop her when she put her hand back on my dick but I guess I should have. I felt like I was about to come. I stopped sucking on her breasts.

Stop, Rachael, Im about to come! Stop!

Stand up!

Huh?

I said stand up, damn it. Stand up!

I stood up. Shit! I hit my head on the ceiling or the wall, whichever it was. I knew it wasnt bad because I hit it on the planks between the beams and not on a beam itself. It distracted me though and the next thing I knew Rachael had the head of my dick in her mouth. She held me around the shaft with one hand and didnt try to move it, just held it. The other couple of inches she had in her mouth. She had the other hand under my balls holding them up. She didnt try to slide her mouth up and down on my dick. She just sucked on it. I mean really sucked. It was like I was a thick milkshake and she was trying to suck me up through a straw. I held onto the ceiling trusses and let her suck me. I shut my eyes and saw red and I didnt know whether it was because Id hit my head or because I was coming. Every time I spurted, I felt her suck and then swallow. It seemed like my balls were empty when I finally stopped coming. I guess Rachael wanted to make sure they were because she milked my dick down to get the last drop out and then licked it off.

I was a little dizzy from bumping my head so I dropped down on my knees. I grabbed Rachels shoulders and held on until I felt better. When I opened my eyes, Rachael was looking at my face and smiling at me. She backed up into the corner with the pillows and pulled me with her. She leaned back and pulled me against her, with my head on her breasts. She rubbed the back of my head where I bumped it and then kissed it a couple of times. It really did make it feel better.

Your hairs longer than Ive ever seen it, Kerry. It looks like you havent had a haircut all summer.

I havent. Gonna get it cut in a couple of weeks. Before I go back to school.

Youve got beautiful hair. Ive always thought it looked like spun gold. When I saw you yesterday, it was brushed and looked so good. It looked like somebodyd been helping you with it.

Yeah, Kathryn was sitting behind me in the van. She likes to fool with it.

Yours is just like Arials. Hers is so long. Its beautiful but I dont see why she wants it so long. Its got to be a lot of trouble.

Shes gonna get hers cut short before school too. She decided a couple of years ago she wasnt going to cut it until I wasnt sure I should tell her.

Until what?

I didnt think it would matter if I told her. She was one of the ones who had arranged for Luke and Arial to spend the night together. And she was the one who arranged for me to sleep with her.

Until something happened to her. You know, its whats happening upstairs in the bedroom right now. With Luke.

Oh.

Yeah.

She didnt say anything for a while and when she did she changed the subject.

I cant believe how much youve grown in the last few months. I think youre taller than me now. Your feet and hands already look like theyre twice as big as mine.

Dad says its a growth spurt. He says Ill probably grow like he did, that he would have a growing spell and then slow down and then have a growth spurt again.

Theres one part of you thats sure had a growth spurt. I cant get used to seeing you with pubic hair and everything so big. Are boys supposed to start developing so early? I thought it usually started when youre about thirteen or fourteen.

When it started, Arial and I did some research on it. I started about six months ago and Ill be twelve in a couple of months. The average age for boys is now about twelve. I guess Im a few months early but Dad says Im in the normal range. 

Do you jack off a lot, Kerry?

I guess. Maybe two or three times a day. Is that a lot?

All the time we were talking, she was playing with my dick. It had gone soft for a few minutes after I came but it got hard again while she was playing with it. I wanted to find out what itd be like to get it in her but I wanted to do something else first.

I slipped down a little lower and started kissing her just where her pubic hair started on her mound. She spread her legs a little so I got on my knees and got between them.

I pulled her legs so she slid down off the pillows and was on her back in front of me. I went back to kissing all around her pussy. I couldnt really get to it bent over on my knees while she was flat on her back. I grabbed a pillow and tried to stuff it under her butt. She lifted her hips up off the bed and helped me. I still couldnt get to it while I was on my knees so I stretched out on my stomach. That made it just right.

I lay there and looked at her first. She was sure different from Arial. Arials pussy was just a little slit between her legs. I couldnt even see the lips until I had teased it open and got her stirred up a little. Her pubic hair was real soft and light brown or blond like mine and she didnt have hardly any back between her legs. I knew Dad didnt either so I guessed I would be the same when I got more hair. Rachaels pussy wasnt a pussy; it was a cunt. Hers looked bigger and I guessed that was from having Adrianna. Her lips stuck out some so that they showed even before I started doing anything. Then she had that dark hair all over everything and I do mean everything. 

Dad and Kavan had told me how to do it and Id watched Dad a few times and Kavan lots of times. Being told how to do it and knowing how to do it are two different things. I didnt want a mouthful of hair so I used my thumbs to brush it back out of the way. After that, I just shut my eyes and started doing whatever I wanted to. She liked it when I sucked on the lips of her cunt and wiggled my finger around inside her. I knew where her clit was and I was going to get around to it but Rachael got in a hurry. She grabbed me by the ears  like I was a beagle puppy  and led me right to it. I guess that was what she wanted. She started grunting and whining and bumping her pussy up against my face. When she went limp and turned loose of my ears, I guessed shed had an orgasm. 

Dad had told me women werent like men when it came to orgasms. It always took me a while after Id had one before I could have another. He said when women have one, they can keep on going. So I moved up over Rachael and just slid my dick right in her. I was ready for another one whether she was or not so I started humping her. She didnt try to slow me down. She just put her hands on my butt and tried to pull me deeper in her every time I pushed my dick in. That was OK with me but I was already giving her everything I had.

I started feeling real hot like I do sometimes when Ive been jacking off for a long time. I hoped Rachael wouldnt worry if she saw me get sort of red like Ive got a rash on my chest and face. I knew Mom got that way and so did Dad but not as bad as Mom. I hadnt seen Arial get a rash but I hadnt seen her get fucked yet. I tried to slow down but it didnt work. I felt it coming so I just shoved it in and let it shoot. I felt it give a few squirts and it was so good I wanted to keep on doing it. I pulled back and shoved it in again a couple of times and it was too good and I knew I couldnt do it any more. 

I guess I almost went to sleep on top of Rachael because she shook me and pushed me off her. I knew Dad had told me not to just roll over and go to sleep after I came in a woman. He said women liked to be held afterwards and liked to talk. I dont know why. I didnt mind holding her. I liked the way it felt to have her butt back against me with my hand on her breast. I just didnt see why we had to talk. I kept trying but sometimes I couldnt think of anything to say so I just said Uh, huh.

Then she said something that made me wake up a little. I think she asked me if I was ready to go to sleep now that wed done almost everything. Almost? What else was there? I couldnt think of anything else so I asked her. She told me. Damn, I couldnt believe she and Luke did that! Id heard about it but I thought it was something queer guys did to each other. When I told her that, she started giggling.

Well, I dont see whats so funny. I dont see why a man would do that to a woman. Youre the third woman Ive done it with and youre all different but I dont see how any womans asshole can be better than her pussy.

I didnt say its better, Kerry. Its just different. Luke and I have done it a few times. I guess Ive learned to like it OK but it would never be my favorite. Do you want to see if you like it?

I had to think a while. I dont guess my dick had to think because it was already hard and it got harder thinking about it. But I didnt want to hurt Rachael and I didnt see how my dick would fit in her back there. So I asked her. She told me I had to make up my mind if I was through with her pussy for a while because I couldnt put it in there again after it was in her asshole. She said I had to wash my dick real good before I did anything else with it. I didnt want to go out in the big hall of the cabin to use the bathroom to wash so I knew I had to make up my mind. Maybe my dick had already made up its mind.

She got up and got the baby oil out of her suitcase and handed it to me. She held out her hands and I flipped the top and squirted some oil on them. She rubbed it all over my dick and then held out just one hand. I squirted oil on it and she reached about behind her back. I knew where she was putting it. 

I didnt know how I was supposed to do it so I waited for her to tell me. She didnt tell me. She showed me. She got down on her hands and knees and stuck her butt at me. The candles were on the other side of her and I couldnt see where I was supposed to put it.

Just rub your dick up and down in my crack and Ill tell you when to push.

I got behind her on my knees and did what she told me. I held my dick and rubbed the head up and down between her butt cheeks. It felt the same everywhere to me. I didnt feel a hole for it to go in.

Hold it right there, Kerry.

I stopped and held it still.

Just push real slow.

I pushed but nothing happened. I pushed a little more but nothing happened. She reached around with one hand and held my dick. I didnt know what to do with my hands so I just put them on her hips where I could hold on to her. She rubbed the head up and down a little and then stopped.

Push again. Just push and then back off and then push again.

I did what she told me. She knew where it was supposed to go. It worked. I held her hips and pushed and then pushed again. I could feel her opening up a little bit. I kept pushing and then she started pushing back. I felt it open a little more and then the head of my dick popped inside her. 

It was tight. It wasnt like a cunt. A cunt just stretched all around so it felt better than anything but it wasnt tight. At least the ones Id had my dick in hadnt been tight. This was so tight I wondered how she could take it without hurting.

I guess it didnt hurt her though because she started moving back and forth and every time she did, my dick ended up a little deeper in her. I watched it disappear and finally all I could see was my pubic hair up against her backside. It was tight and hot at the same time. I could see why Luke liked it. I knew I was going to like it too.

Kerry, can you just hold still for a little? Get your dick all the way in and then hold still. I want to show you something.

I did what she asked me. I didnt know what else she could show me but I wasnt in a hurry anymore. She reached back under her stomach with one arm and I felt her fingers on my balls. She played with them a little and then started doing something else with her hand. I couldnt tell what she was doing but I could just barely feel her doing something maybe with her pussy. 

Now fuck me, Kerry, real slow and easy.

I did what she asked, just sliding my dick out until nothing was left in her except the head and then sliding it back in. Damn, she was hot and it was so tight. It might be dirty but I still liked it. I could see why Luke liked it too.

Now, hard, Kerry. Give it to me hard.

I did what she asked again. I pulled out and shoved it in as hard as I could. Every time I did it, she grunted. I started grunting too. I wondered if anybody in the cabin could hear us but I decided I didnt give a shit if they could.

Stop, Kerry.

I stopped. What the hell was going on? It didnt take but a second to figure it out. I could feel her coming. That had to be what it was. Even if my dick wasnt in her pussy, I could still feel something in her clenching and unclenching. Damn, if that was what she wanted to show me, I liked it. 

I was ready so I held her by the hips and took over. I tried not to be rough with her but I just did what I wanted to do. I shut my eyes and let everything else go away. Id already come twice so I guess it took me a little longer. I didnt know if I was supposed to come inside her but I wasnt about to take it out. I just shot my load inside her. She must have felt it because she flopped down flat on her stomach and I fell with her, my dick still in her asshole. 

After a while she pushed back so we both rolled over on our sides. My dick was soft so it came out. She reached over beside the mattress and grabbed a towel somebody had put there. She wiped me off first and then stuck the towel between her legs. I sprawled out on my back and Rachael curled up against me with her head on my chest. We lay there, both of us real quiet, until my breathing and my heart slowed down to normal.

Kerry, we need to talk, she said.

About what?

About whats happening this week at the cabin. And about whats not going to happen any more after this week.

What do you mean?

Think about whats happened tonight with you and Arial. Your Mom and Lauren and I set it up because Arial wanted Luke to be her first. Id thought lots of times Id like to be your first. Since I was too late, I wanted you with me while Arial was with Luke.

I didnt know what to say so I just grunted and she kept talking.

One night while were here, Im going to invite you to spend the night with me again and Lukes going to invite Arial. The four of us can share the upstairs bedroom. Would you like that?

Yeah, I think that would be neat.

Even if thats your last time with me and its Arials last time with Luke?

I had to think about that for a while. Why? Is it because youre pregnant? Or is it because Im just a kid and you dont want to do it with me.

Its not because youre a kid, Kerry. It is partly because Im pregnant. Ive got to be very careful to take care of little Peanut. When hes born, Im going to have my hands full being wife and mother. Im going to have to put everything into my marriage with Luke. I just dont think it would be wise for us to keep on playing around with you and Arial.

She reached down and pulled my dick from between my legs and laid it on my stomach. She put her hand over it with her fingertips on my balls. Ive always liked that. I go to sleep with my hand on my dick and balls a lot of nights like that, been doing it for as long as I can remember. It felt better when it was her hand though.

But we can do it one more time, cant we? I asked.

Yes, one more. Theres something else too. You know Luke and I have sex with your Mom and Dad sometimes when we come to visit.

Yeah, I know. We all know it. Its OK with us.

Well, unless we do something with them this week, Luke and I wont do that anymore. Were going to stop that too.

Why?

Because your Dad told your Mom that he thought it would be best if we didnt do it with them anymore. He said the only woman he wants is your Mom.

How about Lauren? She slept with them last night. Ill bet they had sex if Dad could get it up after what we did. I started to say what we did with Kathryn but I thought maybe Rachael didnt know about it and I didnt want to be the one who told her.

After what you did with who?

With whom.

Come on, Kerry; dont show off your grammar skills. Just tell me.

Nope, Dad says a gentleman never talks about what he does in bed with a lady. You dont want me to tell everybody about what we just did, do you?

No, I guess not. And Laurens not going to have sex with them after this week either. Theres a man shes invited to come for a visit when we all go back home. She thinks she wants to get married again.

Her fingertips kept sort of pulling on my scrotum so my balls got lifted up a little and then dropped. I guess my dick liked that. It started to get pumped up again.

So Laurens not going to do it with me anymore either?

I didnt say that. She might, this week, here at the cabin. But after this week, I dont think she will. Youre going to have to start being a regular kid again, Kerry. Can you do that?

No, I cant. Not many boys my age have done what Ive done. If I have to Ill just warm up my right hand some more. Ive still got calluses on it and I dont have much hair in my palm. Maybe I can even start looking for my own girl friend.

She gave a big yawn. I think thats what everybody wants you to do, Kerry.

Yeah, like Im going to find a girl my age wholl let me fuck her.

We were both quiet for a while and then she asked me, What was that about having hair in your palm?

I giggled. Damn, I meant for it to be a laugh. If a kid jacks off too much itll make him grow hair in the palm of his hand.

She laughed. I guess she knew I wasnt stupid enough to believe that and she wasnt either.

What do girls get on the palm of their hand if they jill off too much? she asked.

Warts, I said. She laughed.

I dont guess she needed to talk anymore and I didnt either. I had a lot to think about though. She backed up against me like a crawfish, grabbed my hand and put it on her breast, took a couple of deep breaths, and seemed to relax. I dont know when I went to sleep but I woke up once during the night. I had a hard-on and it was sticking between Rachaels legs. I started to play around with her and I guess I woke her up. She knew what I wanted but she said I couldnt do anything else with her. She said I had to wash myself first. I tried to decide whether I wanted to go to the bathroom and wash or go back to sleep. I didnt want anybody to see me going to the bathroom with a hard-on. I decided Id better go back to sleep. I decided Id better remember not to fuck somebody in the ass until Id had almost enough of everything else.

<><><>

(KIERAN)

Siobhan and Lauren led me to the bedroom next to the one Rachael and Kerry had chosen. When we went in, Siobhan held one finger up to her lips. I knew she wanted us to be quiet so I stood for a minute just inside the door, next to the storage cupboards. I knew the bed in the other room was next to the wall behind the cupboard. I opened one of the cupboard doors and listened. Siobhan and Lauren were both smiling, shaking their heads. I could hear a faint murmur of voices but I couldnt tell what they were saying. I shut the cupboard door. I had two ladies waiting. I hoped I was up to it. I knew Kerry would be.

The kid never failed to amaze me. I wished I could have seen what was going on when Kathryn gave him a blowjob last night. All I could see was that cute little butt of his standing astraddle me. Why did Arial take over for a minute? It seemed like she was doing a demonstration or something. When I looked down, I saw Kathryns cunt stretched wide around my dick. She knew what she was doing. I loved that movement she had: up and down and then that little pelvic thrust when she hit bottom. When I looked up, I saw her hand on Kerrys balls and I could tell when he came. Then she kissed him first and me next and her mouth still tasted like semen. I sure as hell wasnt squirting like that at his age.

Then when I had all I could take and fucked her from the rear, he wanted to finish her off with one final fuck for the night, at least as far as I knew. He had his dick in her within a few seconds after mine came out. From the way she whined and carried on, she must have been coming the entire time he was fucking her.

Then what he did for Arial was really something. Just to think he loved her enough to give her a little relief with his tongue and finger. I wouldnt have been surprised if hed fucked her too and I probably wouldnt have stopped him. I just wish Id done it for her instead of him. Damn, hes quite a kid. He makes his old man proud. 

And then Siobhan and Lauren decided to gang up on me when we got in the Jacuzzi. At least they gave me about ten minutes to soak and relax. I didnt know what they wanted but I wasnt worried about it. Kavan had fucked Lauren pretty good. I knew Siobhan had come when I went down on her. I guess I didnt really care whether anybody got off again for the night.

They had other ideas. Siobhan made Lauren get on the end of the tub with me and she started kissing me. It was nice to lay back and let a woman do the kissing for a change. Then Siobhan got on her knees and grabbed my dick with one hand and my balls with the other. Id never have thought my dick would stick its head up so soon. Then they made me sit on the side of the tub and they took turns sucking me. No hurry. Just slow teasing, sucking, and licking from both of them. 

When we went to bed, Lauren didnt want me to go down on her, said she knew she still had Kavans load in her. I didnt care. It wouldnt be the first time Id tasted semen. The Jacuzzi had taken care of it where I was licking anyway. She was as fresh and clean as shed been the first time Id gone down on her almost three decades ago. Its funny how memory can pull up things like that. Siobhan was all warm and wet and clean too. It surprised me when Lauren pushed me to one side and started licking Siobhans pussy. But it surprised the hell out of me when Siobhan pushed Lauren down on her back and returned the favor. At least they let me have equal time. How could a man want for more? 

I knew what I wanted  a slow old-fashioned fuck. Lauren had already had a good one from Kavan. Siobhan hadnt had one. I wanted her. But then they started talking about who I should do it with. I should have known to keep my mouth shut. I knew I was a damn fool as soon as I said Id be glad to service both of them. It took me a couple of hours but I did it. Three times, three women, in one evening  Id never done that before. Variety sure as hell is a good aphrodisiac.

And now back with the two of them again tonight. I decided I wasnt going to worry about who did what with what to whom. Siobhan and Lauren seemed pretty good at making up their mind what they wanted me to do with them or what they wanted to do to me. Both of them were sprawled out on the mattress waiting for me. I was in no hurry. I just stood on one side of the mattress with my arms up, holding onto the beams slanting downward behind me. My dick was still hard, about the same as it had been for the last hour. Maybe I didnt have blue balls but I sure wanted some relief.

Siobhan and Lauren had their heads close together. They were whispering to each other like they were arguing, looking at me, and then giggling like schoolgirls.

What are you two girls arguing about?

Were going to give you a blow-job, little boy, Siobhan said. Were trying to decide who gets to swallow your load. Do you have any preference?

Id rather drop it in somebodys cunt. Do you two have a preference?

You dont have a choice, Kieran, Lauren said. After we leave the cabin, Im cutting you off. I told Siobhan Id like to see if you taste as good as you did when you were a kid.

After all those raw oysters he ate, Ill bet we could both get a load in our tummies, Siobhan teased, and he probably could still drop a couple of loads in our cunts. Do you think itll taste like oysters?

Shit, if somebody doesnt get busy, my dicks going to lose interest.

They crawled over in front of me and then, both on their knees, got busy. Siobhan started. She wrapped her hand around the shaft of my dick and started stroking me. My dick started drooling when she milked it down and she held it for Lauren. Lauren licked the clear drops off the end and then took it in her mouth. Blowjob, hell, it ought to be called a suck job; thats what she started doing. I just closed my eyes, held on to the beams, and let them have their way with me. 

I could hardly tell when they swapped. I looked down to confirm what I thought I felt and saw Siobhans red hair. They both knew what they were doing, just the right combination of stroking and licking and sucking. I shut my eyes again and let her have a turn.

Suddenly there was a loud thump from the room next door. It sounded like somebody had bumped into the wall next to our bedroom. I opened my eyes and looked in that direction. Siobhan and Lauren were both looking too. It was just one bump and then quiet. I shook my head and looked at them.

What the hell is that kid doing now? I asked.

Maybe he bumped his head again, Siobhan answered, with a big smile. Remember? Last year. Four stitches.

She and Lauren got back to what they had been doing and that was the last coherent thought I had for a while. With two mouths, four hands, I knew I wouldnt last much longer. I guess they knew it too because they started swapping more frequently. I opened my eyes and looked down to watch. Siobhan had her hand wrapped around my shaft and was stroking it. Lauren had her mouth on the head and was sucking. Somebody had a hand on my balls and they were drawn up tight at the base of my cock.

My dick chose, not me. Lauren got my load and I guess it was what she wanted. She held the head of my dick in her mouth through all of it, sucking and then swallowing, sucking and swallowing again. When the last spasm died away, she took her mouth off, Siobhan milked my dick down, one more glob came out, and Lauren licked it off. I was glad I was holding on to the beams with both hands.

Afterwards, I lay in the corner where the bed was against both walls, propped up on pillows, with Siobhan on one side and Lauren on the other. They were both still teasing me, and I was kissing them in turn. I think they were trying to see which one could suck my tongue out of my mouth. 

Does anybody know what Stuart and Joanne did last night? Lauren asked.

I heard Kavan ask Stuart and Joanne to do something downstairs with them, I said. I didnt understand whether he was inviting them down to sleep with him and Kathryn or just to shower together. I know I heard the word shower. And I saw Kavan and Stuart go down the stairs to the basement together.

I got up a little after midnight to pee and decided to check on little Paul, Siobhan said. He was sleeping on his stomach with his little butt up in the air. Kerry and Arial were both on one mat.  He was behind her, spooned up to her, with his face in her hair and his hand on her breast, just like me and Kieran. The door to Arials bedroom, where Stuart and Joann were supposed to sleep, was open and I could see the bed was empty. I dont know where they were.

The door was shut when I got up this morning, I said. Maybe they just showered and talked for a while. They didnt come out until almost nine this morning. 

Did you see the look on Stuarts face when Siobhan and I came to get you tonight? Lauren asked. I guess he couldnt believe his mother could still enjoy sex so much. And last night, when Kavan got into me in front of him  he kept peeking to see what Kavan was doing. I loved it when he did the same thing to Joanne.

Kavans like that, Siobhan said. Weve always told him he shouldnt be ashamed of anything he does about sex. The first time I walked in on him masturbating, all he said was Hi, Mom.

Well, we gave them another chance tonight, I said. If they cant make up their own fun and games, we cant do it for them.

I dont know whether Stuarts going to change up or not, Lauren said. Joanne and Ive done a lot of talking over the last couple of years. I know she feels a little lonely, like Stuarts got his nose in his books and research and computers too much instead of in her. She tells me hes OK in bed but hes not very imaginative.

Well, being around this bunch might help with that  if hell let it, Siobhan said. Is it still on for Rachael to invite them to share the king-size bed tomorrow night, after the kids presentation?

I talked with her today, Lauren answered. I wanted to be sure since Id never talked to her before except on the phone. She says she and Luke are OK with it. Shes a beautiful, sweet girl. Lukes lucky to have her.

What did you think of Luke? Siobhan asked.

He seems like a wonderful young man, Lauren answered. Hes got one of those perfect young bodies. I know Kieran runs and Kavan lifts weights and runs too. What does Luke do?

Hes a tennis player. And baseball. He loves anything where he has to run around a lot, I answered. He and Kerry practice pitching every time they come for a visit. He thinks Kerry might be a good pitcher with his long arms and legs, if he keeps on growing at the same rate.

Stuart and Joanne seem to have a lot in common with Luke and Rachael, Siobhan said. I wish Luke and Rachael could move back here. Theyre happy over on the coast but theyve said more than once they wish they could be closer to us and our kids. I think they could become good friends with Stuart and Joanne too.

I thought the same thing today, watching them and their kids, Lauren said. Did you see the way Adrianna led little Paul around the cabin showing him everything?

Kieran loves her just like his own grandchild, Siobhan said. Im glad he got a chance to know Stuart and Joanne and little Paul. Do you think theres a chance Andersen Security might be able to find a job for a bachelor of science in computer engineering, summa cum laude? And he has most of the courses on his masters.

It occurred to me, Lauren added, and looked at me. Ill ask my CEO to see what he can do the next time I talk to him.

She saw my big grim and knew what my answer would be. Mrs. Anderson, if you want to start off with a little nepotism in Andersen Security, its OK with me.

Mr. Stuart, is Luke your son?

No, not really, Mrs. Andersen.

Then its not really nepotism, is it? If theres a real job where he fits our needs, hire him. If not, dont. Its that simple, isnt it?

I guess I shouldnt have kissed the Chairman, that is Chairwoman, of the Board but it seemed like the thing to do. That led to a kiss for my wife. That led to other things and I ended up with my face down between the legs of the Chairwoman of the board and then between the legs of my wife. 

Kieran, do you remember eating stuffed pussy? You and Paul? Lauren asked.

I remembered. Paul was damned inventive when it came to sex. First and only time Id licked a pussy with a dick in it. She sure as hell enjoyed it. So did I. My tongue was busy but I managed to say Uh, huh.

I showed Kavan and Kathryn how to do it the other night.

I was puzzled. I was trying to image two guys, one with his dick in her and the other licking where they were joined. I looked up and Siobhan must have seen my expression of bewilderment.

Kieran, dont be a dummy, Siobhan said. Two women can do it too if theyve got one man.

You did Kathryn while she had Kavans cock in her? I asked Lauren.

Yes, Lauren answered, and then she did me. Women can give each other great orgasms by themselves. Its just lots better when weve got a big hard dick in our cunt. 

And you two want to do each other, while Im plugged in? I guess I couldnt conceal what I was thinking. I had a big smile on my face.

They both smiled and then pushed me down on my back, a pillow under my head, my legs spread wide. Siobhan went first. She straddled me, her beautiful ass turned toward me, held my dick up straight, and lowered herself down on it. She leaned forward with her hands on my knees, and moved her ass around on my dick in a circular motion. I knew she had every inch of it in her. I couldnt see anything separating us; I couldnt even see my own pubic hair. Round and round. I could feel the head pressed up against something inside her. I hoped I could keep it up long enough for both of them.

When she leaned back, she tried to find a place to rest her hands behind her. She knew I was ticklish in my ribs. She had one hand on each side of my chest with her fingers curved around my ribs. She gave me just a little goosie-goosie on each side. I couldnt help it. I almost bucked her off. Maybe thats what she wanted.

When I finally settled down, I saw Lauren move into position. Siobhan spread her legs out wide, wider than mine. I knew Id never understand women. My legs were spread-eagled as far as I was comfortable and hers were spread just outside mine. Ill never know how they do it. 

I felt Laurens hand on my balls and her tongue sliding up the underside of my dick and I knew she was using it on Siobhans vaginal lips and my dick at the same time. Up one side, then the other. I knew Siobhans clitoris stayed hidden until she was thoroughly aroused. Then it was a little red bump at the top of her lips. I loved to suck it out whenever I got the chance. Lauren must have been teasing it to come out because she just kept licking. I shut my eyes and relaxed, enjoying Siobhans cunt over most of my dick, Laurens tongue licking up from my balls on the exposed part. Siobhan leaned back farther, her hands pinning my arms down to the mattress, and I guessed she was opening herself up more to Laurens tongue.

I knew when Siobhan came. There was no mistaking it. I felt every contraction, a series of strong squeezes all around the buried part of my dick. Maybe Lauren knew too. She hung onto my balls and kept licking for a minute or so more before stopping.

Siobhan moved off me, over to Lauren, and held her face in both hands. She gave her a kiss on the lips and then a big hug. I heard whispering again but I couldnt hear what they were saying. Siobhan sprawled on the bed and gave out with a couple of big sighs.

I hadnt been conscious of anything outside of our room while Siobhan and Lauren were busy with me. But now, I heard somebody grunting. I lifted my head off the pillow and looked toward the source of the sound, the bedroom where Rachael and Kerry were. I could distinctly hear two different voices. Rachaels womans voice and Kerrys mans voice  it wasnt a boys voice. It didnt break like it had been doing lately. It was just a deep male grunt. Siobhan and Lauren heard it too; they both had big smiles on their faces.

Kieran, before Lauren gets her turn, I think you ought to noodle her a little, just to warm her up, Siobhan said.

Lauren gave her a puzzled look. Whats noodling?

Siobhan didnt tell her and neither did I. I showed her.

I got her down flat on her back on the mattress and then got over her. I lifted her left leg and then her right, bent them back, spread them wide, and locked them in place with my arms. I raised my body so that I was supported by my knees and arms, suspended above her. Except for my arms touching her legs, I was only touching her in one other place. I gave her a smile and a wink.

Put it in, I said.

She held it in place and I slid my dick in her just a couple of inches. I tried to flex it and it was hard enough so I felt it twitch. I drew it out until the head was just barely holding open the lips to her cunt. I slid it in again, just a couple of inches, and gave it another twitch.

This is one of Siobhans favorite ways to play, I said. She loves it when the ridge around the head of my dick pulls the lips of her cunt in and out. She says its probably one of the most erotic things shes ever felt. When I flex the muscles and jerk my dick, thats my little addition to noodling. Like it?

I could tell she was having a hard time keeping from laughing.

You can laugh if you want to but just remember, before the nights over youre going to get a real fuck. If this turns out to be one of my last times with you, Im going to enjoy it. I hope you do too.

I noodled her for a few more minutes until Siobhan stopped me. She pushed me down on my back and told Lauren that it was her turn to be the stuffed pussy. I spread my legs again, Lauren climbed aboard, and Siobhan started going lickety-split. She didnt stop until well after the contractions from Laurens orgasm faded.

Id had enough playing around. I knew I didnt dare to offer to do both of them tonight so I chose Lauren. I pushed her down, crawled on board, held my dick with one hand, and slid it all the way in one continuous motion. She grunted when I hit bottom. I reached back and tugged on her legs and she raised them and locked them around mine. I shut my eyes and found her mouth with mine. I felt her arms reach back and grab my ass. I was ready. I started giving her every inch I had as fast and as hard as I could. I might have lasted a couple of minutes before I started coming. I shoved it in one last time, maybe the last time, and gave her another load.

 Afterwards, I propped up on the pillows in the corner of the bed again with Siobhan on one side and Lauren on the other. They had their heads on my shoulders and I had an arm around each. For a few minutes, none of us seemed to have much to say. I was thinking about both Siobhan and Lauren.

We all agree then  after this week, we dont do this any more? I asked.

Yes, Lauren answered. Being with you and Siobhans been wonderful but, if Im going to see what sort of relationship I can find with Jack, I think wed better stop.

I dont think it would be wise for me to keep doing this if Im going to be the CEO of your company, I said. Weve got to put some distance between us.

Distance: that sounds like a cold word, Lauren said. At least we can be good friends, cant we?

Of course, Lauren, Siobhan said. Thats why I told you Id be your financial advisor for only six months. Once you get everything settled here, you can let somebody else do my job and Ill be just what I want to be  your friend. 

Its not just that I want some distance between us, Lauren, I added. Ive been thinking about Siobhan and how I feel about her. Shes the only woman I really want to love. I can be happy with just her for the rest of my life.

Oh, come on, Kieran, are you going to deprive all the other women of the pleasure of that big dick of yours? Lauren asked. Do you really think thats fair?

I guess not. I really feel bad about making them suffer but Siobhans the only one I want to love. Maybe shell let me lend my dick to one of the poor creatures on occasion.


TO BE CONTINUED:
