A Paintball Party
by DawnR

A young woman finds a paintball party a sexy experience.

"Waap!" I felt a paintball hit my thigh, it stung like hell, and I felt the tingle right through to my pussy. I had a brief image of that long oak table as I ducked and weaved through the trees to avoid further hits.

I almost fell down as the ground dropped into a small hollow. Below me I saw undergrowth on one side of a large fallen tree. Clearly the hollow was ground torn up by the roots of the tree when it fell. I went down gingerly and crouched behind the upright base of the tree. I could hear people moving around through the trees and talking quietly together.

"Did she go this way?"

"I'm not sure," answered another voice, "I'm pretty sure I got a hit."

"How about over there? There are lots of hawthorn bushes there, they make great cover," a third voice chimed in, and I heard them veer away.

As I sat there, the image of the oak table again entered my mind; only now knights in amour were seated on either side with their long lances upright between their knees. I shook my head and looked at my watch while I gathered my thoughts. I wasn't used to having visions in the middle of the day. What the hell was triggering them?

We had now been playing for about forty minutes and it seemed I specifically was being hunted or was that my imagination? Maybe my heightened awareness was because unlike most or all of them I had not played this game before. The trackers did not seem too concerned for their own safety. Surely my team weren't all captured already. If they were, lucky them. It was the second of June and the first real heatwave of summer had arrived yesterday. The coveralls were made of a waterproof material that did not breathe well, and I could feel the sweat run between my breasts. These togs were probably great on a cold day in March or November.

This was my first paintball experience and I had not really brought the right clothes. David had said he would pick me up at one thirty and had said to dress 'casual' and bring a change of clothes. However, I had wanted to dress nicely for him. This was only our third date, if this could be called a date. So, I was wearing designer jeans and a sparkly top. I had a skirt and another sparkly top together with a towel in my bag back at the clubhouse.

I'd realized I had made a mistake shortly after we first got there. The clubhouse was the one the boys used for their rugby games and was somewhat lacking in facilities. The front door opens on to the main clubroom. I saw a long table with ten upright chairs around it. If it ever has a polished finish, it was long gone, the surface was just smooth worn oak and just looking at it I felt a frisson of...what...excitement? Against the walls there were two sofas and a large sectional that could seat four or five in a squeeze. Apart from that the only furnishings were a bar counter at the far end and a dart board in the other corner.

Between the sofas a door on the right-hand wall opened into a changing area with benches and lockers and beyond that I could see four large showers. Two on either side. Only one had the remnants of a shower curtain. When I say large each had four overhead showerheads and there was a handheld shower at each end. I guess after rugby communal showering was the norm.

I walked past the showers to a door which I hoped led to the restrooms. It did in a manner of speaking. On one wall were six urinals with two of the guys standing using them. Just before I ducked back out, I noticed three stalls on the other side which I assumed were toilets, all-in-all, pretty basic. Glad I did not need to use one right now.

David introduced me to John, who was in the process of holding up a coverall against David and he handed it to him. He did the same with me. I'm a bit over five-nine so I do not need 'petite.' I liked John immediately, he had a really engaging smile and was at least six foot, taller and less boyish than David. I said, "Thank You!" and moved away carrying my coverall as the next person in line took my place.

The coveralls felt heavier than I expected as I took mine. There was one other girl already there. She was wearing a light cotton t-shirt, which came halfway down her bum. As I watched she turned her back on the boys and pulled off her jeans exposing a white cotton thong below her t-shirt. I saw one guy nudge another as they looked but nothing was said.

She folded the jeans and put them in her bag and pulled on a pair of light tan cotton shorts. As she turned back and sat on the bench, she said, "It's so hot I'm not putting on the damned coveralls until we are ready to start."

Several of the boys nodded. There were six of them including John and David. I had met three of them before, when I met David at the pub before our second date. Our two dates had gone well. We both clearly felt a mutual attraction. In the first date he walked me to the door of my apartment. I leaned in to give him a good night kiss, but that was quite a kiss and one thing led to another and by the time he left about two hours later...well let's just say we had consummated our new-found relationship...twice.

It's not something I had ever done on a first date before or had intended on this one, but there you are. You'll say I should know better. I'm thirty-one and David is what? Twenty-six, I think, so you'll say I'm cradle snatching, but as I say the chemistry was there and, in any case, it had been several months since my last time. I hoped like hell he wouldn't chalk it up as a one-night stand, but he called me in the morning even before I left for work to arrange a date the following weekend.

After we met his buds at the pub, we went back to my place again and he slept over. We spent the day together and he slept over again. He had been confident enough to bring a change of clothes. I wondered if he thought he was in love with me, that was not really what I was looking for. He borrowed my razor before he left for work on Monday. All of which brings us to this weekend.

As I was saying I had watched this girl who was clearly smarter than me get changed and now I was in a predicament. Was I going to take off my top and jeans and stand around in my sports bra and panties in front of everyone or just put on my coveralls? What made it worse was that my top only came down to my hips and the panties I was wearing weren't even sensible. They were hip hugging, lacey and almost transparent. I had put them on with this evening's activities in mind.

And now more and more people were arriving and most of them were the guys from the rugby team. I realized all of them were around David's age or younger, except John who might be a year or so older. What would they make of me? The fact was they did not even seem to notice. They were all busy changing into more suitable clothing. Most of the guys stripped to their underwear and one stripped naked before pulling on a jock and some shorts. The fact there were females present did not bother any of them.

In fact, I only counted two other girls apart from myself and the one who had already changed. One was wearing a light cotton summer dress which she removed to reveal a fairly minimal bikini. There were a few wolf-whistles as she caught the guys' attention and she twirled and smiled. It was clearly the reaction she was looking for. The other girl arrived in t-shirt and shorts, but she carried a bag which I imagined held a change of clothes for later.

When It was clear we were about to start those who had not already done so pulled on their coveralls and in a nervous funk I pulled mine over the clothes I was still wearing.

By the time we were ready to play it became clear we were divided into two opposing teams, the red team, and the blue team. It seemed everyone but me, even the other girls, knew everyone which was great for them as we were expected to remember who was on our team and who was on the opposing team. This was all the more difficult as we all had to wear face shields. In addition to the two teams there were two referees. One was John and the other was the girl I had seen wearing a bikini. They at least wore orange sashes over their coveralls.

All I knew was I was on red and David and the two other guys whose names I remembered were on the blue team. That meant they would be against me if we met. As a red team member my paint ball gun was loaded with red paint balls and the other team's paint balls were blue. The rules were pretty simple: if you were hit four times you were out and had to wait in the clubhouse.

I thought there would be a flag to be captured but it appeared the only goal was to eliminate every member of the opposing team. There was a time limit, however; at the end of ninety minutes the klaxon that would signal the start would sound again and the game would end. The team with the most survivors would win. In the event of a tie, they would tally the number of hits on the coveralls.

To start we were deployed to opposite ends of the wooded area that bordered the rugby field. This involved about a fifteen-minute walk for each team. Our team leader suggested the best strategy was to spread out and be as inconspicuous as possible while hunting the opposition. It sounded reasonable until I first encountered some of the opposing team.

I soon found the other team were moving in groups of three, which was intimidating. It now seemed to me we had a losing strategy because all the guns required to be cocked between shots. It was difficult for an individual to get off a series of shots when meeting multiple targets while the other team's groups of three could fire shots in series or simultaneously. Unless I could link up with other members of my team, I felt we would all ultimately be hunted down.

On the plus side, their team only had four groups of three whereas we were dispersed more widely. Also, they tended to make more noise and thanks to my yoga and martial arts experience I could move very quietly.

The game had been going for about twenty minutes since the starting klaxon, and I had been moving forward very slowly, already feeling unbearably sweaty in my coveralls. I felt most of my team must be ahead of me and I had heard occasional confrontations. Luckily the first group I encountered were talking and laughing, and I lay down and waited until they had passed by. Now they were behind me I had the idea to turn and attack from their rear. I saw another lone figure who I recognized as being one of my team on their far side and signalled my intention. He signalled back as he too saw the guys who were my targets. We moved silently and as we got closer, I knelt ready to fire. Then a twig snapped beneath my colleague's feet. The guys ahead paused, and I fired and dropped to the ground as they turned round.

I had just fired at the group but right away I knew I had hit one right in the bum. One shot, one hit! As they turned, they saw my companion who had also loosed off a couple of quick shots that both missed before taking off in the other direction. As they ran after him, I raised my head saw them manage to get off three or four shots, one of which hit him. His bad luck was that he ran right into another group of the blue team who saw him coming as he was looking over his shoulder. He was hit by three of their shots almost simultaneously which put him out of the game. I felt bad that my shot had left him exposed but he was the one who trod on a twig.

The two blue team groups met and talked for a moment. The first group I had encountered moved on, but the second group kept talking quietly. Clearly, they were debating whether it was worth searching where the first group had just been. Then they stood still and just listened. Absolute silence except my breathing and the pounding of my adrenal fueled heart, but they couldn't hear those. They must have just stood there for two or three minutes. Then they started whispering to each other. Further off there were faint noises, sounds of the game being played.

I waited, thinking they would follow the sounds, but they began to move in my approximate direction. I was sure they had neither seen nor heard me and were just deciding not to follow the first group. Now to avoid this new group, I crawled aside, got quietly to my feet, and paused behind a larger tree that afforded some cover. They were moving very cautiously and more quietly now. Finally, they passed by, and I thought I had been successful in getting by them when the one nearest me, it was one of the girls, looked back and spotted me as I started to move away.

Instead of shooting straight away she alerted the others, and I took the opportunity to score a hit on her before they began to chase me shooting as they went. Two shots, two hits!

Trying to hit a dodging and weaving target isn't easy with these single shot guns, because you have to watch your footing and re-cock your gun after each shot. All their first shots missed me. However, the girl I had hit was now out for blood. She was moving faster than the others and that's how she managed to hit me in the thigh, before stopping for her teammates. I kept running and that was when I found my hollow with the fallen tree.

No longer quiet, they were making a lot of noise as they resumed the chase. Then what I presumed were one or more of my team were firing at them and judging by the swearing scored some hits. I heard the girl whisper quite close to me, "Where did that woman go?" and then I heard more shots and the sound of two people scrambling away through the undergrowth. As I stayed hidden, I realized she had called me 'that woman.' I guess age matters.

Despite my growing sweaty discomfort, after ten minutes hiding it was time to get back in the game. I checked my watch. More than fifty minutes had passed since the game began. If the referees just caught you hiding and not participating for too long you were automatically deemed to have been hit four times and they would send you back to the clubhouse. You can hide but you must be participating, which means members of the other team must be close and threatening or at risk. By now a host of mosquitos and other bugs were starting to congregate around me and I came to the realization that if I were discovered I had no escape.

I poked my head up and saw no one. I slid over the rim on my belly and crawled until I reached some denser undergrowth and a wild hawthorn where I felt safe to get to my feet, although I stayed hunched over. Most of the dense hedgerow that skirted the rugby field were hawthorn bushes, but maybe a hundred yards away I saw a large, lone rhododendron tree. It looked like a possible safe haven if a little obvious.

Rhododendrons are an invasive species that have been long established here in the English Midlands. They often grow to twelve or fifteen feet or more in height and cover an area with a diameter of twenty feet or more. There is a movement to get rid of them as they outgrow native species, but they have beautiful red purple flowers, and this was a proud survivor.

It took me almost fifteen breath-holding minutes to make my way carefully towards it. As I moved forward, I saw a cluster of players standing in the trees fifty feet to my left. They must have been on opposing teams as they engaged and exchanged shots. Too occupied to notice me. Suddenly a guy charged out of the bushes right into my path and I shot him. I knew he was blue team by the three red paint splats on his coveralls.

"Shit!" he said, nodding at me as he began to walk to the clubhouse.

As I reached the rhododendron, I realized it was no more than sixty yards from the clubhouse, and I figured that it had probably already been searched more than once. I looked at my watch less than twenty minutes to go. Hidden within it I was emboldened to strip off my coverall and remove my sweat saturated clothes, everything but my impractical panties, which I felt I should keep on for hygienic reasons. Even my sports bra went on the little pile. In the end my panties went too, they were so wet they were practically falling off me. I hoped they washed the coveralls after every session. I mean they had to didn't they, to get rid of all the paint?

I pulled the coveralls back on and before I climbed into the top of the tree, I laid my pile of clothes on a branch just above head height. I found the sensation of being naked inside the coveralls rather arousing and thought back to seeing all those guys practically naked. The rough fabric was brushing across my nipples as I moved. When I began to climb into the tree, I could feel it rubbing my clit and pussy lips.

As I found a stable perch behind the main trunk, I had the vision of the oak table surrounded by knights again, but this time their armour was off. Some sat in leather jerkins or rough linen shirts, and some were bare-chested, and what each now held stiff and upright between his legs was not a lance. I could feel more than sweat now trickling between my legs. I really hope they wash these coveralls.

"Woah!" I thought, "Enough already. David is in for a good time tonight."

Five minutes later I heard voices, two people were approaching.

"We only just searched that," said one, and I heard David's voice say, "I need to pee, Jerry."

"OK, don't be long we'll look over there."

I wondered if David had spotted me, but no, he came in unzipped and let fly a healthy stream of piss. I saw he already had three red paint marks on him. Clearly, some of my teammates were finding targets. I waited until he zipped up and as he turned to go, I fired at him and ducked out of sight.

"Shit!" he said, as he felt the sting. He looked up but could not see me. "I'm out," he called to his teammates.

"Someone in there?"

"I guess so, but you're taking a risk. They are well hidden."

I heard the girl referee's voice.

"No talking, after you are out of the game," she reprimanded.

"Sorry," said David.

"There's only ten minutes left, and I've still got two lives." I did not know if he were talking to David or to himself.

I had already cocked my gun and my shot hit him the second he stepped in. He looked up as he heard me cock to reload. He couldn't see me and ducked down, but I still had a shot and did not wait.

"Fuck!" he said.

"I warned you, Jerry," I heard David say, "Let's go get a drink."

I looked at my watch and decided to wait where I was. It could only be another five minutes before I the klaxon would sound.

When it sounded, I climbed down and once again the fabric rubbed against my exposed skin. Too much of this and it might become painful but as the game was over there was little risk of that. I picked up my pile of clothes from the branch where I'd laid them. As I stepped into the open, I removed my mask and John came up beside me and said, "Congratulations Amy. I would not have picked you for a survivor. Come on, let's get over to the clubhouse I think everyone else is inside."

Aside from being mildly aroused, I was feeling rather pleased with myself as I walked the sixty yards to the clubhouse. The feeling of the rough material of the coverall was definitely making me feel sexy. Then just as I got to the clubhouse door, I realized I should have changed back into my clothes while hidden in the rhododendron. But now I was walking back with John; I thought, "What am I going to do now?"

As soon as I walked in someone put a bottle of beer in my hand and said, "Cheers!"

I put it down while I laid my pile of clothes on top of my bag. Then I picked it up again and took a drink. It was so cool and refreshing I finished it in three long gulps, and John handed me another one.

"Is anyone missing?" asked John. He paused.

"No, we're all good," said the girl, who had been the other referee. She was sitting in her bikini top with the bottom half of her coveralls still around her waist. There were about ten people standing around drinking beer, some still in coveralls, some in their street clothes. I could hear sounds from the changing room.

"Well, drink up, Amy. It won't take a minute to tally the results."

John conferred with the girl and moments later he called for those in the changing room to join us. Some were already dressed, some like David and Jerry had wet hair and towels wrapped around them. Once they were all in the club room John announced, "We don't need to do any complicated maths. Red team had four survivors at the end, Blue had two. I declare red team the winners." Apparently, our stealth strategy worked. Kudos to our team leader whoever he was.

He came out of the crowd as John lifted a trophy and handed it to him. "Thanks Team, and thanks to John and Kathy," he said. He was one of the many there I did not know. It was just one of those regular sports-shop trophies, not silver or crystal, but winning was just as important.

"Now to find the individual winner," said the bikini girl, I now knew was called Kathy, while John paused to take a drink of his beer. "Who among the survivors received less than three hits?"

Three of us put up our hands.

"Who received less than two hits?"

I put up my hand again and everyone started clapping.

"Well done," said Kathy, "It's Amy, isn't it?"

I nodded, as she reached around and handed me a bottle of Australian shiraz. I was gobsmacked.

"Thank you very much," I managed to stammer and took another healthy swig from my beer."

Some arsehole shouted out, "She probably just hid the whole time."

I nearly choked.

"Keep your mean thoughts to yourself, Bill," snapped John, and there was muttered agreement and quiet boos aimed at Bill. I assumed this wasn't the first time he'd behaved this way. What's more, even though his back was turned I recognized him.

"I shot you in the arse in the first fifteen minutes of the game," I said.

"That's right, she did," said a guy I recognized as the unfortunate twig stepper.

"She shot me too," said the girl who had spotted me, "but I got her and then she just vanished. We were looking when more reds started shooting at us."

"...and she finished me, fourth hit. I was trying to escape another guy and almost ran into her" chimed in the guy who was accurately describing our encounter.

While they were talking, I bent down and put the bottle of wine into my bag. I stood up.

"I also finished David and Jerry," I said, pleased with myself.

"That was you in the rhododendron?" queried David.

"Yes."

"I told you she was hiding," said arsehole Bill.

"...not in there for long," answered Jerry, "We'd searched it minutes earlier and it wasn't the first time it was searched during the game."

"I saw her sneak in there close to the end," said Kathy, "and David should never have told Jerry some one was in there after he was out."

There were some jovial "boos" aimed in David's direction.

"Well done," said John, "a worthy winner!" and he handed me another beer.

I stood drinking it while looking at him as he and Kathy put things away. He was a good-looking bugger. Then I realized almost everyone, except those already dressed, had moved through to the changing room. The door was open. Some of the guys were getting dressed, some were in the showers, and others were standing fully or partially naked drinking beer. I had never been in a situation with as much male nudity on display.

I bent down and took my towel from my bag. As I stepped into the changing room, I started unzipping my coverall. It wasn't until it fell round my ankles that I registered I was totally naked. Too late, I kicked them off as though I had never intended otherwise

"We need to be leaving soon," said David, looking at me anxiously. He was just pulling on his jeans.

"Of course, but I'll have to shower," I replied, chugging down the last third of my third beer.

I threw my coverall into a large basket full of other coveralls and walked over to an unoccupied shower. I could feel my nipples were standing erect and I hoped there weren't any signs of my earlier juices visible on my crotch. I was getting hot just thinking about it.

When I say 'unoccupied' I mean there were guys in the same shower stall, just not under this showerhead. Some of the guys looked astonished at what they were seeing and the look on two of the girls' faces was a picture. I guessed they had never showered there as there were guys present. I turned on the shower quickly as I realized with all the beer I was going to pee, and I hoped the shower would hide the flow. It did, and I began to soap myself.

"I'm assuming there isn't a ladies shower room," I said to the room at large, "in this heat I couldn't go home without showering." The two girls looked at each other and back at me.

Kathy also looked at me and grinned. She grabbed a towel and walked over as one of the guys stepped out of my shower stall. To my surprise, she stripped off her bikini and hung both parts on a peg before stepping in.

She said, "I came in the bikini and will probably go home in it, so I don't want it to get any wetter. I only have a light dress and a sweater in my bag."

By now some of the guys watching were clapping, and I said, "Out gentlemen! This is now the girls' shower." The two remaining guys sharing our shower stall nodded and left. They were done showering anyway.

With that one of the remaining two girls, I think the one who had shot me, also stripped, and joined us. The other girl just looked disgusted and pissed off. As I said earlier there was no shower curtain, so our naked bodies were fully on display and most of the guys took time to look. As most of them were naked I did not hesitate to return their stares. I noticed John and a couple of others were quite impressively hung. Another one had grown semi-hard, which earned him a push from his mate.

One guy said, "nice tattoo," and everyone cheered. Did I mention I have an embarrassing tattoo, a mistake from my early twenties? It's a snake which appears to be coming out of my vagina. It curls up my right thigh and its head is on my mons a few centimeters above my hooded monk. Its mouth is open and holding a skull with an apple stork sticking out of it.

Normally, I let my pubic bush grow thick to hide it. Not that many people have seen it, but David had enjoyed taking his razor to shave my lips clean and trim and shape my bush exposing the snake's head and affording glimpses of most of its body, especially near the tail as it appeared to emerge from the clean-shaven area below my clit. Quite artistic really, but not what I would have chosen if I had known I was going to be naked in front of quite so many people.

Kathy, I noticed, had a full Brazilian, and unless she had paid it special attention this morning, she had probably had laser hair removal there for it was impressively smooth and stubble free. She had quickly lathered up her tits which were noticeably larger than mine if not as upright and she handed me the bar of soap. I ran the soap over my hardened nipples as I faced the boys and then ran my hand down to my groin generating foam over what remained of my pubic thatch. What was I doing? I could not believe how turned on I was by this voyeuristic, exhibitionism.

David was fully dressed when he approached me and said, "I really have to go. John says he and Kathy will give you a lift home," and he left.

I had probably stood exposing myself for longer than I should have when I suddenly realized that the faces of some of the better-looking boys were those of the knights I had had in my vision. In that same moment, the vision came back in a series of flashes. I was being variously fucked on the long oak table by one after another of these bold knights as the onlookers cheered.

One guy had started to openly work his growing erection with his hand while looking at me, and I became aware my hand had wandered to my blossoming labia. As my wrist brushed my clit, I knew the monk was jutting from the shelter of his hood. I have quite a prominent a clit when it's this aroused. More guys were showing varying signs of arousal. I had an impulse to reach towards them and make wanking motions with my hand, but I didn't. By now the one guy was seriously pumping his cock in front of everyone.

As I turned my back on them and continued to lather my body, Kathy turned toward them and said, "Oh God, Bruce, that's disgusting!"

I looked round and saw creamy cum still spurting from the head of his cock. I turned away and couldn't help letting my hand wander back to my knobby clit. I was so juiced it only took a few fierce rubs for me to experience the intense sensations of a satisfactory release. As I clenched my thighs, I put my hand against the back wall of the shower to steady myself.

By the time I started to dry myself, Kathy and the other girl were both dry and getting changed. The forementioned Bruce had gone outside, along with most of the guys, and I heard them variously approving or disapproving his actions as they moved away from the building. Three guys came in and collected all the coveralls and carried them out in big linen sacks.

Of course, I had left my bag in the clubroom, and I tiptoed quietly in there with my wet towel wrapped around me. There were four of five of the guys including John in there, as were Kathy and the other girl. I took my bag back into the shower room and quickly put on my clothes. No more exhibitionism, no more visions, and definitely no group gangbang on any oak table.

Only John and Kathy were waiting when I came out a five minutes later. Were they shocked at my behaviour? It did not appear so.

"That was rather brave of you, Amy," said Kathy, "We girls have been going home hot and sweaty every time we've had one of these paintball games. However, I think we need to invest in some proper curtain rails and curtains, so we don't encourage perverts like Bruce."

"He did get a bit carried away," I said.

"We probably should have carried him away," said John, "Although the sight of you girls was rather arousing."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," I said laughing, as we walked to the car. I had noticed his sizable semi-stiffy.

We got in, put on our seat belts, and John started the car and pulled out of the parking lot. We drove in silence for a few minutes before Kathy asked, "So, are you and David an item?"

I thought before replying.

"We've had a couple of dates," I said, "But I was a bit surprised when he took off without me. I thought we'd be spending the evening together."

"I think I need to tell you, he's a bit of a dweeb. He apologized to me for the fact you won, which seemed pretty stupid. I think he was shocked by your behaviour."

"Well piss on him, then. I have to confess; in the moment I had forgotten that I was naked under my coverall, so I was probably more shocked at my instant nudity than anyone. I hadn't brought sensible clothes like everyone else and my dressy top and jeans just got too hot and unbearable. I stripped in the rhododendron. I was just lucky David and Jerry hadn't found me while I was naked."

"That is quite some tattoo you have," John now spoke.

"A mistake when I was twenty and had a tattoo artist for a boyfriend. It's quite large so I don't think it would be easily removed."

"Yes, David said he was shocked by it," said Kathy.

"The bloody hypocrite! He was the one who shaved my bush into that revealing shape. I just had to remove the stubble this morning."

Kathy and John both laughed.

"He said you live on the east side, Meadowfield Avenue," said John, "I'll drop Kathy off first and then take you home."

"You don't need to, I'm sure I can catch a bus. You don't have to do an extra trip."

Kathy broke out laughing, "I'm his sister, not his girlfriend. We don't live together."

"Oops!" I said.

"No, I live out your way," said John.

We dropped off Kathy. I got out and we hugged.

"See you," she said, and I nodded.

After we drove off, John said, "Do you feel like something to eat?"

I looked at my watch. It was a quarter to six.

"That's kind, but I'd really like to get out of these stupid clothes first...I mean I need to change."

"OK, but then."

"Maybe."

We got to my place before six.

"If you don't mind waiting while I change," I said, "You can come up and wait."

"Sure!" he locked the car and followed me. He even carried my bag.

As we went in, I said, "I have a couple of steaks I could cook, but I don't have any...yes, I do, I have a bottle of wine in my bag." I had just remembered the shiraz. I had bought the steaks for David and me to enjoy but that wasn't going to happen.

So, John and I had a nice dinner and one thing led to another. We were both naked on the couch just before eight when my doorbell rang and a voice in the speakerphone said. "It's me, David. Sorry I abandoned you. I was stupid. I brought some wine."

I got up and went over to the wall unit, "I'm sorry too, David. I've already eaten and anyway something else has come up," I looked over at John's fully erect and very impressive penis.

"Sorry, I'll see you around, David. Thanks for a fun day. Good night!"

I turned around and saw my knight gently stroke his sturdy lance.

"I'm going to lick from that serpent's head right down to its tail and explore the cave where it lives with my tongue," said John, and I knew this was going to be a very good night with my very good knight.

THE END
