Hermione lay comfortably sprawled across Draco’s bed, practically swimming in Egyptian cotton and silk. She had never quite been rich enough to justify expensive bedding, nor was Ron - coming from a family of seven children, Hermione wasn’t much surprised that Ron was used to getting hand-me-downs and sharing everything else. They were practically character foils, when she stopped to think about it; there was nothing in common to attract her to tell her precisely what her type was, because they were so different in so many ways.

It had been probably a couple weeks since her last phone call from Ron. Certainly, she’d been keeping them up to date on everything, but that was largely through an untraceable email account, perpetually changing to keep anyone from catching onto what she was doing. It was one of the most base skills she’d been taught, back when she was still officially learning: everyone had to know how to hide their tracks from even the most skilled of hackers. She wasn’t the best, but Hermione could certainly hold her own. One might be hard-pressed to gain hard proof of any sort of affiliations she held.

She rolled onto her stomach, burying her face into the pillows that smelled like her boss. Yet another stark difference: where Ron smelled like soap and dirt - an odd combination, perhaps - Draco smelled like designer cologne. It was never that type that made you sneeze in elevators, but the soft undertones that tickled your nostrils and made you want to know precisely which bloke was taking care of himself to that extent.

He was in the other room at that moment. Running a bath, by the sounds of it, for if it had been a shower, Hermione knew he wouldn’t have taken so long. She didn’t let it bother her; not much could bother her right then, in that moment of post-coital bliss. Perhaps there was something to sleeping with one’s boss that people didn’t realise until they did it. After all, there had to be perks to such an objectively poor decision. Hermione thought she could see flickering glimpses of him moving back and forth from where she lay, particularly if she stretched her neck and craned over half a foot. Not that she couldn’t imagine every inch of him if she closed her eyes; his image was already starting to replace that of Ron - she felt bad about that - but she refused to continue dealing with his juvenile behaviour, no matter how many times he apologised.

“Hermione, darling.” She was snapped from thought suddenly, shifting to pull the sheets around her body as if to hide its nudity from the one who knew it better than most. Draco poked his head past the doorjamb then, brows arched beckoningly; it only took him a moment to crack a smirk, leaning against the frame with his full self on display. Hermione couldn’t help from flushing slightly, a silly schoolgirl notion she never quite lost, as she gave him an involuntary glance-over.

“Going to stare all day, or are you going to join me?” She resisted the urge to steal from the bed to his side, and merely shot him a coy smile before drawing herself out slowly. It was only after he disappeared from sight, gone back into the bathroom to turn the water off, that she padded quietly after him, lingering momentarily in the doorway to watch him kneel by the tub, the lean line of his body contorted into a pleasing curve.

He didn’t glance up when she entered, merely motioned her over. “Is this water to your liking?” As if she could possibly have any complaints about the temperature.

Hermione bent down to run her fingertips over the top of the water, letting the temperature hit her slowly; she glanced up to give him a nod and a smile, her eyes catching his momentarily. Draco’s hand found its way to cup and caress the back of her neck, his thumb passing over wavy locks as he looked her over affectionately.

“Sorry, darling. Has to be done,” he drawled softly, smile never wavering. Before she even had the time to frown, her head was under the water, held there by a lithe hand that was much stronger than it looked. Her arms flailed, scrambling to grab for anything she could reach; her mouth opened to let out a scream, inhaling only water. She moved to kick out, feeling her lungs burning already. Draco merely shifted, pinning her legs beneath one of his, clicking his tongue disapprovingly. Hermione could barely hear him through the roar of water in her ears when he spoke next, “After all, you just had to be one of them, didn’t you? I admit, you had me going for a while, but how long did you think it would go on?”

She almost wished she could reply, wished she could give more than a whimpering burble. Her hands still couldn’t find anything, her shoulders wrenched back at such an awkward angle by the edge of the clawfoot that there was no point in restraining her anymore. Every time she felt as though her head might break the surface, Draco had another burst of strength, forcing her down yet again. More than once, her nose hit the porcelain; she was sure it was ready to crack at any moment. Trickles of blood already stemmed up through the churning water, floating from her broken and bitten lip - she had bitten clean through not moments ago, the pain barely stinging in comparison to the air being denied her - and bruised nasal cartilage.

“And you’d have thought common sense would come into play - you worked for the blood government, yet you don’t check your phone for taps? It’s not hard to see, Miss Whisp, how you got yourself in this situation.” Trying to draw her attention away from the tightness of her chest, trying to keep her eyes focused before she blacked out for good, Hermione listened intently to the sound of his voice, wondering how many people you had to kill before you could monologue without any hint of emotion. It was the same sort of tone Hermione had heard him use when chastising Crabbe or Goyle, or even greeting Zabini in the mornings. How little she must have meant to him.

Draco held her beneath the water for just a few moments longer; he could feel precisely as she grew weaker, air fully removed from her lungs, forcing her to run for those few last minutes on adrenalin alone. Her struggles began to slow, and he removed his weight from her legs, shifting to massage the blood back into them with his free hand, lest they bruise and show signs of a pre-mortem struggle. It was only when the last dregs of life left her that he let go, rising up to hoist her into the tub. Her body sunk slowly, her limbs floating gently; if not for the eyes staring glassily at the ceiling, the blood in the corners of her mouth, she could have passed easily for gently resting. He smirked at his own thought, running his fingers through the water to brush a loose lock of her hair away from her face so he could admire it one last time. Of course, it might proof slightly difficult to create a cover-up, but Hermione had always proven a solitary creature - she didn’t seem to have any friends beyond those in the agency.

It would merely be getting past Riddle’s questions that would prove hardest, but Draco knew precisely how to spin a web of lies thick enough to ensnare even the most devious of interrogators.

---

“Harry, I haven’t heard from her,” Ron announced, barely managing to shuck his coat in his hasty nervousness. One arm got caught, and he bent around awkwardly in an attempt to grab the offending sleeve and pull his arm out; Harry raised his eyebrows and stifled a snort of amusement - the moment was far too sober for this comical display. “Harry, are you listening to me? I haven’t heard from Hermione.”

“I heard you, mate. I haven’t heard from her either.” Harry shrugged one shoulder, drawing his eyes back to the portable in his lap; two fingers allowed him to scroll through pages upon pages of news - no news was never good news in their line of business. “But we can’t let ourselves freak out. Hermione’d have your head if you did, you know that. She’s always been telling to keep a level head in the face of danger. Well, here’s your possibility of danger, and here is you not keeping a level head.”

“Sod off, Harry,” Ron replied, voice rising in a growing fit of hysteria. “You know as well as I do that she said she’d ring us tonight.”

“After your last call with her, I wouldn’t be surprised if that ‘us’ was just ‘me’.”

Ron gaped at his friend, brows pulling into the centre of his forehead. Harry glanced up, immediately regretting the words; it wasn’t that he was jealous, except that that’s precisely what he was: he was jealous of everything Ron had in Hermione, and all that he seemed to fuck up time and again. Harry pulled his mouth into a tight, apologetic line, shaking his head slightly.

“I’m sorry, mate. That was unnecessary.”

“Bloody right it was,” Ron snapped, storming across the room in what reminded Harry all too closely of Ron’s own little sister; appropriate, considering how many times he’d driven her to that same conclusion. Green eyes trailed back down to the laptop, half-watching Ron’s form above the edge for fear he might get something thrown at his head if he weren’t watching closely enough. The redhead was moving about the kitchen - presumably getting some kind of decaffeinated beverage, whether that struck him as coffee or tea at the moment - muttering angrily to himself. A few times, his hand flew to his cell, pulling it out of his pocket just enough to check the time and missed messages. Harry caught the look on his face: still nothing.

Harry opened his mouth to say something, only to realise almost immediately that there was nothing he possibly could have said. Hermione had always been an incredibly stickler for punctuation, and to have her call even fifteen minutes late was a miracle; to have her not call at all? That was reason for worry. He continued scanning the online papers to no avail - his head was elsewhere, suddenly dragged away from thoughts of Hermione’s well-being to thoughts of his own well-being. Though he passed it off as the result of shock and a good pistol-whipping, there were no two ways about it: he had at least one screw loose somewhere. He couldn’t possibly fathom any other reason why he’d dream of a man that he undeniably figured to be Draco Malfoy.

Somewhere in the kitchen - or maybe elsewhere in the house, Harry couldn’t tell - Ron threw something out of sheer frustration. Whereas some frustrations were easily solved, Harry knew this wasn’t one of them; it was better to stay out of the fiery redhead’s way when he was like this. His own mind drifted again, feather-light phantom touches running over his body through his clothing; he bit back a gasp, snapping himself back to reality. When did his affections become so easily attainable?

Resisting the urge to palm himself right then and there, Harry shoved his portable aside, snatching for a scrap sheet of paper and a small envelope. His writing was hastily scrawled, his heart thumping in his chest to drown out the sounds of Ron’s muffled sobs in the other room; he signed the note with only his last initial - the recipient would know precisely who he was.

A quickly placed call, his voice dropped and demanding, leaving no room for other options, secured Harry an informant to bring the note to Draco without fail or reveal of anything important. It was amazing what a favour or two could do. Harry let his phone drop from his ear, falling into his open lap, and let himself finally relax back into the chair, as if melting into it like a clock off a tree.

He’d get to the bottom of this if his life depended on it.

---

Draco had only been marginally shocked when he’d found a note tucked under the front door of the Manor. His mother was only God knew where, though anywhere that wasn’t stashed away at home and away from everyone was fine by him; the blond was more than grateful for the fact that he virtually lived alone, save only the late-night supper he tended to take alongside Narcissa. After all, it provided him ample opportunity to court whom he pleased, and to kill them off when they stepped out of line. Something Narcissa never would have approved of.

Of course, she had it coming, Draco thought, wiping his hands clean of the blood stains that he had begun to ignore after a time with a cloth. The cloth had since been abandoned, replaced with the chicken-scratch letter that asked him to meet at a dock that evening. It was like something out of a bad film: a cop calling for a meeting on some kind of equal ground, making some kind of demands as per the villain’s surrender. It was obvious from the first moment that it was one of the agents from MI-6 that sent it; Draco wasn’t an idiot. He knew Hermione was likely meant to check in with the pair of them at some point. It was purely luck on his part that that time had already come and passed.

As such, he showed up at the set time and place no more than five minutes early - let them see that he wasn’t some monstrous creature without manners or a watch. He glanced over his shoulder upon arrival, scanning the horizon for some sign of no one in particular. Hands tucked in his pockets, he lightly scuffed the heel of one designer shoe against the aged wood of the dock; most people could call it a risky move, keeping himself absolutely in sight that way, but Draco had faith that he’d be fine. Times like then, he wittily thought to himself that perhaps an appropriate name for the piece his father left to him so recently might be Faith.

Harry Potter showed up not moments after the blond stifled a snigger at his own wit, looking common and far too serious. He hadn’t even bothered to hide the federal badge at his hip, nor the shoulder holster poking from beneath his jacket.

“Well, well. Look who it is,” Draco drawled in greeting, only bothering to offer Harry a sideways glance. The brunet’s mouth tightened, as if he were trying to keep himself professional. In all likelihood, Draco wouldn’t have put it past Potter to have forgotten himself after one wrong word, and merely lunged at Draco; it wouldn’t have ended well, likely with Harry in the river. “If it isn’t the less hasty of the agents. Where’s the other one? Had to put him to sleep for bad behaviour?”

Harry took a deep breath, changing the subject. “I came alone.” A lie, Draco figured. No agent worth his salt would have come alone. “I wanted to talk to you.”

“About what?” Draco feigned innocence. The entire encounter really was like something out of a poorly written film. If it were, he’d be the one to earn the award - there was no way someone as poor an actor as Potter could win. The blond finally turned, grey eyes sliding from Harry to scan the horizon from which the other man came. He could see the roof rack of a nondescript van just off to the side, hidden close - but not too close. The entire complex was abandoned for the time being, Draco thought; the workers had left their warehouses and storage facilities, the sailors had either left or gone home, waiting for yet another sunrise.

“What we can do to get you to stop.”

A poor statement at best. As if there was anything MI-6 could possibly offer Draco Malfoy to sate his appetite for violence. He had to stifle his own amusement, tipping his head to one side as a smile curved his lips. “Oh, Potter. And what could you possibly have to offer me that I don’t already have?”

“A life,” Harry replied, green eyes twinkling dangerously - not with amusement, but with some deadly serious intensity, as if he had something completely different in mind. “Last time I checked, all you had left was your mother, isn’t that right?”

“Better than you, Potter. Isn’t your mother dead?”

Harry couldn’t help his surprise at the idle comment, blinking widely behind his glasses. Draco merely offered a quaint smile, as if they were discussing nothing more than the weather. “Am I wrong?” He prompted.

“H-...how would you know anything about my family?” Harry demanded, tightening his mouth into a line. The tables were turning, and if Harry wanted them on even footing, he likely should have looked into things a bit deeper than just the surface.

“I know more than you think about you and Mr Weasley. I know that he has six siblings, and...oh, didn’t you date one of them?” Harry’s mouth tightened almost into nonexistence at that comment, and Draco knew he’d struck a nerve.

“Who told you? Hermione?”

“Miss Whisp? Never in so many words, but I assure you, she played her part.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Harry’s facade was cracking; Draco could see it. If he slowed it down enough, he could almost see the slow shifts, like tectonic plates, of emotion across the brunet’s face as he tried - and failed - to control his growing anger.

“That means precisely how it sounds, Potter.”

Harry’s fingers twitched, as if he wanted nothing more than to lunge at Draco, throwing him down to the dock and pummeling him into absolute submission. The gesture didn’t go unnoticed; Draco responded only with a growing smirk, and Harry’s voice dropped: “What did you do to her?”

“Obviously, I killed her,” he admittedly casually, shrugging. “She knew too much, and because of it, you knew too much. Besides, what better way to fuck with the pair of you, hm?”

This time, Harry was unable to keep himself from launching. Draco dodged but barely, grabbing Harry’s wrist and planting his other hand on the brunet’s shoulder blade, shoving him into an awkward contortion. A car door slammed, footsteps signaling Ron’s arrival on site.

“I knew your little friend couldn’t be too far,” Draco smirked, making sure to keep just out of Harry’s flailing reach. Ron paused just at the opposite end of the dock, hand twitching towards his gun as if he was weighing the pros and cons of merely whipping it out and shooting Draco right then and there. His hand clenched into a fist finally, and he stood his ground.

“Let Harry go.”

“Oh, did you hear my little admission? I’m so sorry for your loss,” the blond drawled, sarcasm dripping from his every word like ink from an overloaded brush.

“I know you heard me the first time, so don’t make me say it again, Malfoy,” Ron spat, not keeping his temper nearly so well as Harry had. Draco merely wrenched Harry around in his arms, effectively pinning his other arm with the one he still had in his grasp. Harry groaned, grunting with the effort of struggling, and continued to do so. He was held too closely to Draco’s body, though, to do much damage with any sort of limbless flailing. The back of his mind noted that Draco smelled even better in person than he did in any sort of delusion-based dream.

“I don’t think I will. In fact,” Draco paused, shifting only enough to draw his own gun and place its barrel contentedly at Harry’s temple. “I think you’re actually going to move for me, darling. I know I’m not that large, but I do appreciate at least five feet of space.”

Ron seethed, standing his ground until Draco raised his brows, clicking the safety off the weapon. Over Ron’s shoulder, the blond could see Goyle and Zabini sliding into position, and a small smile curved his mouth again. Harry’s brows went up, and he opened his mouth to shout some warning; it was cut short by Draco’s elbow to his ribs.

“Stuff it, Potter. You utter one word, and you’ll find it’s the last word you ever speak.” Harry was silent after that.

Draco slowly began to walk, nudging the back of Harry’s calves to get him moving at the same rate. Ron glowered at the blond, Harry merely offering the world an apologetic expression, as if he were sorry for absolutely everything that had brought them up to that moment. In all likelihood, he was; the knot tightening in Harry’s throat told him that this was all his fault, from Hermione going to work for Malfoy to the events that followed to even that meeting right then. Every little thing had been prompted by Harry, put into motion by him, and finally executed to a negative end. Hermione was dead, and he had a gun pressed to his head.

An engine revved as Draco drew closer to the main road coursing through the complex, and Ron whipped around; Harry bit his tongue, holding back guilty words as Goyle came into sight as driver of Ron’s neglected van, whooping ridiculously as he four-wheeled it over a grassy abutment and towards the edge of a secondary dock. Draco merely made a face, disapproving of virtually everything about their methods, and caught Blaise’s eye; a getaway car was parked nearby, put into gear, and ready for their imminent arrival.

As Ron stared in horror, Goyle leapt from the vehicle, letting it plummet on its own down the dock and into the water, taking the hundreds of dollars worth of equipment and weaponry with it. Draco had already dragged Potter to the car, stuffing him into the backseat and promptly following; Goyle raced back towards the car at Draco’s barked order, and before Ron could even fathom what had happened, they were gone and he was alone. Fully and completely alone.

“Fuck!”