I was as stunned as everyone else was when Kiki came into the comic shop.
Oh sure we had girls come in but we never had a girl as gorgeous as Kiki come into the shop and she was tall and had the most stylish red hair just kissed with blonde that tumbled down in these long waves and she was in this tiny little dress that was held up by these two tiny straps that fought with her huge breasts and like no bra.
A thin waist and wide hips and a stunning butt and legs for days she came in on her expensive looking pumps and she got a Monster energy drink and she opened it and she was looking around.
There were these three really big buff really tough looking guys with her that must have been bodyguards. They didn't like sneer at us at all if anything they were sort of disinterested but still looking around.
She came up drinking her energy drink and she had a stack of comics with her all sort of the girl comics like Wonder Woman, Batwoman, Spider Gwen and Jem plus all of out copies of Rat Queens.
"Hi Teddy I'll take these."
"Uhm sure...please don't get mad but do I know you?"
She giggled and she bounced when he did so which was very, very distracting.
"Uhm Duh we're like best friends!"
She giggled and bounced again.
"I'd remember if I ever met someone like you..."
"Oh! Oh like I'm Kiki now. Kiki Taylor."
I'm staring at her and trying to place her and she shows me her hand and there's this long scar over her palm. One that matches mine from my best friend all throughout high school Adam Scott.
She smiles and she giggle bounces. "Hey Teddy, I told you that I wouldn't forget you, that I wouldn't leave you behind."
I...
"Ad..." I stop myself before outing her.
"Uhm Kiki? Can we talk out back?"
She giggled again. "Absolutely. I was like hoping we could."
She did literally the okay sign to her guys and I took her out back.
I turned and was going to say something and Kiki kissed me.
And pressed her whole body into me.
Then she shrugged and her dress fell off her shoulders pooling around her feet revealing the biggest, fullest most amazing tits I've ever seen.
"Kiki..."
She giggled as she kissed me and reached down taking my hands and put them on those tits.
Wow...
"Adam..."
She giggled again. "Used to be!"
She felt my crotch. "Ooooh boner!"
"Adam...Kiki what happened?"
"I got an offer I couldn't like refuse and now I'm Kiki!"
"But what the heck you're a girl."
She kissed me again. "Tranny girl but yeppers!"
"What!?"
"Just a sec." Kiki slipped down, no crouched in her heels and undid my pants and pulled down my boxers and she pulled my cock out. "Yummers,,,I love cock!"
I just watched as this wildly hot looking girl with the same deep car on her hand as my childhood best friend swallowed my cock all the way to the base and started sucking my cock with her hot wet mouth.
I've never had a blowjob before and I lasted about twelve seconds.
Kiki showed me my spunk in her mouth then she swallowed it.
She stood and she pressed those tits in my hands again.
"Teddy I told you, I like promised you if I made it good I'd come back for you."
"I don't understand?"
Kiki giggled. "You like don't have to, not like here. Come to The Royal Hotel and we can fuck and like stuff and I'll tell you about it."
"Fuck?"
Kiki giggled. "Fuck...you can shove that cute cock in my bum and bang me all night if you want."
"Adam...I mean Kiki you're gay?"
She shrugged. "I guess, I just really, really love cock now."
"This has to be fake..."
She showed me her scar again. "Nope, can't fake that or the fact you're still my like bestie."
She reached down and pulled up her dress and slipped back on.
"Mmm such a cute dick too."
Then she swayed back out and I dressed and followed my mind still blown by what happened.
She got rang up and then she left with her bodyguards one carrying her bag from the store.
I was shocked and stunned for hours.
Adam...that scar wasn't fake.
I seen it, felt it.
And he was Kiki now?
Spinny acting, drop dead gorgeous Kiki?
I finished my shift and walked home and called Adam's parents.
"Hello?"
"Mrs, Scott hi it's Ted Stevens, do you know someone called Kiki?"
"...Yes, Kiki...Kiki is Adam."
"So it's true?"
"Yes, you seen her?"
"She just stopped by."
"Oh..."
"What happened?"
"Kiki became an adult entertainer."
"Why, Adam wasn't like that?"
"I don't know...But Kiki...she's really different now and..."
"And?"
"She's sweet Ted, she...I don't get why she became Kiki or why she loves it but she...she's taken care of stuff Ted, paid a lot of bills, stuff her sibs couldn't do for decades."
"What?"
"Our house, he sisters, her brothers...she paid off all the mortgages and things...and we couldn't accept Kiki at first but she didn't go away and she never gave up on us...don't do the same."
I wasn't planning on it but I never said that.
"So it went hard?"
"For almost two years."
"Okay, I just wanted to confirm things."
"Ted, she's a good girl even if she's doing stuff I'd rather not talk about."
Well yeah considering Kiki had my cock in her mouth I think there might be a lot of things you might not want to talk about.
"Okay I think I'm going to hang out with her, see what's going on with her for myself."
"Thank you Teddy, just give her a chance."
I hang up and get to my shitty little apartment and I look Kiki up online.
She is a tranny she still has her dick even though it's super small.
There's a few iffy small films and then her current work for Sweet Diablo Productions where she's in a reality show that's her dating and living in Bora Bora and travelling but it's sort of her life in these different cities and all this mundane stuff but still enthralling sort of and the dating often leads to sex.
And some of the guys are pretty normal too.
Some even flip out which is why she has her security guys.
She doesn't seem to have non spinny moments too.
Kiki is kind of a bimbo.
But she is sweet and she is charming and even with her little dick she's smoking as hell.
Something happened to change her.
And Adam and I were best friends, we grew up pretty poor and he took off after teachers college to teach overseas and yeah he's still my best friend but like most of my childhood and high school friends life happens and we aren't in touch really except a few of them on Facebook.
Kiki's still fucking hot and the thoughts of the sex she offered and my own curiosity had me get showered dressed in some date clothes and headed over by cab to The Royal Hotel.
Yeah she had money definitely it's the biggest swankiest hotel in town.
One of her guys was waiting for me on his phone and nodded and took me to the penthouse.
Heck by the look of the bags and boxes she was moved into the whole floor.
Kiki bounced out into the hall to meet me and pressed that stunning body to me and kissed me.
"You came!"
"Yeah you tasted it." I joked.
Kiki burst into giggles and laughter. "Dude that was fucking awesome!"
Yeah he, she's still the same person?
"Yeah about that why go and do that? I mean we could have just talked?"
Kiki looks at me. "Uhm duh because I like cock and you're my best friend so I was dreaming of us meeting and me sucking your dick for like weeks."
"Weeks?"
"Yeah since the boss okayed Trixie."
"Trixie?"
She kissed me. "You."
"Me...Kiki what the hell?"
"My boss saw some pictures of us in the old days and we talked and she offered me to offer you the same chance that I had."
"And that is?"
"Tranny porn star."
"What!? Are you serious? Me?"
"You're my best friend so like sure!"
"Why would you think I'd ever be into that?"
She kissed me and she was so beautiful and curvy and soft i didn't stop her.
"Same as me. Two million dollars to sign and be changed and like free medical for all the surgeries and my family."
"Two million dollars?"
"Plus medical just to sign and I make like a lot of money."
"To be a trans porn star?"
"Yeppers it's actually pretty awesome."
"And you're good with it?"
"I love being me Teddy."
"Why?"
"I'm like beautiful and I have fun, I can like go places and I get all the cock I want."
"You were gay?"
"Oh heck Teddy everyone's a little gay, I learned that cock can be fun, that dick can be life changing and it only got better."
"Well you seem happy."
Kiki giggle bounced. "You mean I'm a bimbo right?"
I blush. "You seem like one...sort of?"
Kiki giggled and she kissed me. "Because I am, I don't mind either, i'm not stupid either just like kinda y'know me. I'm happy and stuff. Being like serious and smart is way fucking overrated."
"Really?" I know I sounded skeptical.
"Yeah I'm nicer now Teddy, I'm nicer to people and I don't feel like an asshole like ever."
"You weren't an asshole before either."
"Awwww that's sweet!"
Kiki led me into the bedroom the whole time and it's really nice and she drops her dress like before and tosses it into a chair and she's just in sexy panties and heels and she sways to the bar.
"Drink?"
"Oh heck yeah...god they did a hell of a job on you. You look amazing."
"I know right! I love it too!"
"You do?"
"Fuck yeah I'm hot that opens a lot of doors and even more zippers."
"Zippers?"
"Dude I love cock."
"You keep saying that."
I go over to the bar and she gives me a martini? I've never had one before. It's good, really good vodka as far as I can tell and something else and a lemon twist of peeling.
She makes one herself and she's actually a pretty skilled bartender.
"You're good at that."
"I like took a class, we take classes all the time."
"Really?"
"Uh-huh! Bartending, dancing, stripping, cooking, languages I like know all sorts of stuff I'd never like been able to afford to before."
"And you want me in on this?"
"Uh-huh! You're my best friend Teddy, I want you to do this because I like miss having a real best friend and we promised to take care of each other."
"I could just be your boyfriend."
"And that would be okay but I would cheat on you. I like dick too much to like stay with just one."
"And you want that for me too? Loving dick?"
"Uh-huh! Seriously it'll change everything."
She takes out some tins with pills and some very high end joints. You know the ones rolled in the sweet cigar paper. I'm not a stoner but I always have smoked a little pot now and then.
It's good weed too, best I've smoked in awhile.
"Wow that's good."
She giggle bounced again and I couldn't help stare at her tits.
"You like?"
"They're awesome Kiki I'll have to admit."
"Yeppers and they're like three times better owning them. I love having breasts."
She took a pinkish pill and offered me one. "Molly."
"That's like E right?"
"Pretty much with a little more pop but less loopy."
I take one and pop it and she passes my a tin with blue pills which are viagra. It literally says it right on the pills.
"Really?"
She nods. "Like really I want to suck your cock and have your cock as much as I can tonight."
"You're really blunt."
She does a toke and giggles while holding her breath. "No...this is a blunt."
She cough giggles and I'm laughing.
For all she's fucking hot that was still Adam sort of.
We finish the joint and I'm starting to fly and we have another drink each and I'm just super lit.
Then she comes around the bar and we kiss for awhile as i play with her huge perfect tits, they're sensitive too with her nipples hardening and she moans and groans and she slips me tongue as we kiss and then she slips down taking off my pants and boxers and she smiles. "Mmmm...cock."
I'm really new to this, seriously until now I've unfortunately been a virgin.
But even I can get that she loves sucking cock.
I still don't last long.
And she swallows my cum licking her lips.
She takes my hand. "C'mon Trixie let's go take a shower and get you ready."
"Uhm...okay." That's so weird.
She takes me to this super spa bathroom and she slips out of her panties exposing her little cock just dangling there and juxtaposed versus her super sexy body it's kinda hot.
And the viagra is kicking in too as I'm getting hard again watching her and she grins and she goes through a bunch of things and gets some lube and lubes up my cock and her ass and bends over.
"C'mon Trixie fuck me baby."
I've never done this but I know what to do next.
I groan as I sink into her amazing perfect ass and she's so tight.
I've never fuck anyone before and it's amazing and I'm cum enough now that I actually am doing good. Kiki moans and giggles. "Mmmm...fuck yeah, og fuck yeah cock, oh cock is so fucking good."
Which got me feeling pretty damned fantastic,
And Kiki gasps. "There, there... keep fucking me there, fuck my joyspot, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"
She shivers and her ass pulses around my cock and I lose control and cum really hard.
I'm panting and breathing and it's so hot as Kiki has her hand down between her legs and is rubbing her tiny cock like with her hand massaging it? She cums this little dribble but she cries out loudly again.
I pull out and my cock is clean?
"Weird I thought it'd be dirty."
She kisses me. "Dirty sex is fine, shitty sex isn't sweetie."
She leads me into my first four head shower and we're kissing and soaping and the Molly is doing that loved to be touched thing.
She uses this shower stuff that takes off the hair off of my body and I don't object either since the sensations are amazing.
And when I get hard again from the viagra Kiki has my inside of her again.
It was even better this time and this time I tried to find that spot inside her ass and I knew I did when Kiki cooed.
"Oh, oh baby, there right there...so good, so good, fuck me baby, fuck me Trixie fuck me."
It's weird her calling me that but it doesn't bother me too much because I'm still really lit and stoned and I'm fucking this sexy beautiful creature that feels so good around my cock.
It gets hotter as Kiki gets me to soap her breasts and literally repeatedly wash them and feel them up, running sud covered hands over them and those nipples as she cries out.
"Fuck me Trixie, fuck me Trixie, soap my titties, soap my titties, soap my titties."
And she cums again like that way, that girly way and her hips pump and push as her insides clench and she makes me cum.
I love the way she sounds cumming.
I love the way that she looks at me.
"Come on it gets better."
"Better?"
"Much better baby."
She led me to the toilet from the shower and she hooked a hose get up to the sink and turned the water to the temperature she wanted and put a weird looking tip on it and lubed it.
Kiki kissed me. "Relax...relax..."
Then she pushed the tip in my ass.
I'd never.
Then she started filling my ass with water.
I moaned. "Kiki, Kiki this is weird."
"It gets normal, it makes it better, suck on my titties baby, suck on my titties."
I cup her boobs and such on those perfect nipples making her moan.
"Sit, sit, then let it out."
All sorts of stuff came out of me, making me shake.
Then we did it again and again.
Then she showed me the bidet.
And I got cleaned up and she kissed me.
"You okay?"
"I thought this was going to get better?"
"Here, this will be better."
She lubed her fingers, she lubed my hole.
"Kiki..."
She kissed me and sank her middle two fingers in.
I gasped.
She moved them inside me slow and gentle and then she touched something inside my ass that pinged with pleasure.
"Oh..."
She kissed me again smiling. "Oh...there, right there."
She was rubbing there, rubbing and it felt good, so good, so good...it felt like.
"More Kiki, more..."
She pulled her fingers out and turned me around and said. "Hold the sink Trixie."
Kiki pressed her tits to my back and slid her fingers inside of me and started fingering my spot again.
It felt like when cum would build at the base of my balls but behind it, inside me, inside me like her fingers, like her fingers, like her fingers.
Then it happened.
I came without my cock, I had an orgasm inside of myself.
I cried out and my legs felt weak and my hips bucked like hers pushing back on her fingers instead of thrusting with my cock and my inside clenching around her fingers.
She stopped kissing my neck.
"Better?"
I nod. "Better..."
"You did that to me twice. I'm going to show you how much better your life will be Trixie."
She turned me around and we started kissing and we walked all wobbly legged to her big bed. There were things there too for sex and we sort of ignored them and started kissing some more and touching and feeling each others skin and after awhile she lubed my hole again and sank her fingers into me again and fingered me to another orgasm.
Then she gave me a viberator and she had one and she showed me this intense beyond intense session where she vibed my bum and I vibed her while we lay there face to face kissing and foreplay while looking in each others eyes.
She made me cum like her twice more and me the same before we passed out and fell asleep in each others arms.
I wake up with Kiki's mouth on my cock as she's swallowing my cum making Mmmm sounds and she's vibing my bum and right after I have that cum I have the other one.
I gasp. "Oh, oh, oh fuck Kiki..."
She comes up kissing me and she slips me the tongue and breaks the kiss to look me in the eyes.
"Better?"
I nod. "Better...is it like this all the time?"
"Nope, it still gets better."
"Even better?"
She looks me in the eyes. "I love being me. Love it."
"Show me more?"
Kiki smiles. "I'd love to, I'm going to fuck you back now."
"What were we doing?"
"Fingering, vibing, getting fucked is better."
I swallow. "I think I need a drink."
Kiki giggles. "That's such a good idea! Another joint too."
She rolls off the bed it's that big and she helps pull me up and off the bed too and we hold hands going to the bar and she is humming and turns on some music and it's some sort of Enya kind of stuff and she makes us some more drinks this time these orange creamsicle martinis and they're dangerously good and we have three of them while kissing a lot and sharing two joints and a smoke.
Buzzed again we dance and kiss back to the bed and she kisses me and fingers me teasing me this time taking me to the edge of getting off like she does.
Something she calls a sissygasm.
Kiki wears a strap on and it's vivid pink and six inches long. She has others there too and she slides up between my legs kissing me. "This is a jelly it's like the easiest to start with baby."
She lubes it and me some more and then kisses me again as she sinks it in.
After the fingering I like it.
I groan.
"It feels good, it feels good Kiki."
"Good girl."
Kiki moves in and out of my bum going for my joyspot making me moan and shiver and then as I'm getting closer she sinks deeper, all the way in and the full feeling of deep real strokes feels really good.
"Oh god Kiki, oh god!"
"Cum for me Trixie, cum baby, cum!"
I have a sissygasm and she sinks in as I shiver through it.
"Feel that, feel that inside of you, feel your inside gripping it and love it."
"Y..yes...fuck me, fuck me Kiki!"
She's right it does get better, it becomes so much better I can't literally think of why I've never had a cock inside me before.
My third? My third and she switches out dildoes going bigger and I cry out.
"Yes! Oh god baby yes!"
Kiki gets my legs up over her shoulders and she bends me over and she really fucks me long and hard with this intense beautiful look on her face and those huge perfect titties bouncing and then passionate kisses.  
I lose track of how long she fucks the guy out of me and the girl inside of me.
We're exhausted by the time we're done and fall asleep more than just a nap this time.
Kiki's arms wrap around me in this hug and she presses into me.
"I missed you. I missed you, please say yes."