Title: The Fashion Show
By: Jaybruin

   I was sitting in my office, finishing out my workweek on a
Friday. All of a sudden, my wife appeared through the doorway,
dressed in a black, see-through, chemise and jacket.  

   "Happy birthday, baby!" she exclaimed. "Why don't you come
upstairs, 'cause I have a surprise for you". Not being one to say
"no" to my half-naked wife, I followed her up the stairs.

   There was a raging fire going in the fireplace, as well as
several scented candles strategically placed around the room.
"Now just make yourself comfortable there on the couch," she said
mysteriously. "I have a little 'Fashion Show' planned for your
pleasure...and then a little bit of you pleasuring me after the
show". With that, she disappeared down the hallway. 

  I found a freshly poured glass of Merlot on the coffee table,
so I put my feet up and took a sip, waiting to see what was
coming next. A few moments pass and I heard her footsteps coming
up the hallway. It was all that I could do to keep from turning
my head and seeing her entrance. Instead, I wait for her to step
into the living room. 

   A vision in white lace enters the room, as she has on the
white bustier I bought for her long ago. Her legs are covered
with white nylon, up to her thighs, where a thin strip of elastic
garter holds the tops. As she turns a slow pirouette, the elastic
garter stretches over the round globes of her ass, down to the
stocking tops. Another strip of elastic divides the globes of her
bottom, obviously holding the thin triangle of fabric that covers
you in the front. Her breasts are trapped in the lace fabric of
the bustier, and they appear to be ready to burst out of the top
of the bodice.

   After showing me all 360 degrees of her body, my temperature
has begun to rise quickly. Slowly she slides a finger inside the
triangle of her G-string, and pulls it to the side, revealing
that she has shaved all of her pubic hair for this occasion. I
can see the moisture of her arousal forming like dewdrops on the
lips of her vagina, as she runs the same finger that revealed her
surprise shave, along her slit, collecting the drops on her
fingertip. 

   As she presents her finger to my lips, I lightly suckle on its
tip, running my tongue around it in slow circles, feeding on her
nectar. Simultaneously, I reach to touch her and collect another
sample, but she quickly pulls away, "Not yet", she whispered
breathlessly. She raises her foot and rests it on the coffee
table, opening her moist, hairless slit to my eyes. My breath
rasps as I feast upon her lascivious position, and dream of
dipping my tongue into her depths. 

   Knowing that she is driving me crazy, she closes your eyes and
opens herself with both hands, "mmm...." Is all that escapes her
lips. She takes a single finger and slowly begins to insert it
into her depths, as her eyes roll slightly back into her head.
Her mouth opens, and she runs her tongue slowly over her upper
lip, moistening it...tasting it. Just about when I think she has
begun to weaken and will allow me to touch her, she says, "I'll
be right back", and walks out of the room.

   "Arrgh", is all I can mutter as my frustration and arousal
grow. In anticipation of things to come, I quickly shed my shoes
and shirt, not wanting to waste time once she returns.

   My cock had just returned to a semi-rigid state when I heard
her coming back up the hall. This time I snuck a peek over my
shoulder, trying to anticipate her next move. Now all that had
been white has turned to black, with a leather corset squeezing
her breasts upward, and the attached garters holding up opaque
black stockings. The lower hem of the corset, stocking tops, and
garters framed her uncovered pussy, as she came into the living
room and turned for me to see the entire view of her body. 

   "Wow", was all I could say, as I nearly drooled onto my chin.
The black garters, stretched over the milky white skin of her
butt were too much to behold, causing my cock to leap upward
towards the source of its torment. 

   "I'm so glad that you like it", she smiled, knowing that the
torturous dance that she had begun was having its desired
effect.

    As I reach to touch her, again, she says, "unh huh, not yet
my Love". She sits on the table, just inches from my eyes, and
spread her thighs wide, giving me a full view of her womanhood.
Her juices are beginning to flow along her cunt lips, perhaps
stating without speaking that her resolve may not be as strong as
her words indicate. She closes her eyes and reaches between her
breasts, inside the corset, her hand returns with a small purple
vibrator. Twisting at the base of the cylinder, the low-pitched
buzzing is echoed by her moan, "mmm, yes", as she aims the
pointed tip towards her moist lower lips.

    She places the vibe along the full length of her vagina,
slowly spinning it, and transferring the lubrication from her
body to the pulsating rod. Once she is satisfied that the device
was fully coated with her juices, she tentatively begins to
insert the tip into her open folds. Slowly,
millimeter-by-millimeter, the throbbing tube disappears into her
chasm, and she holds it in place with her fingertips. Her eyes,
closed tightly now, belie the resolve that she seems to show each
time I attempt to reach for her body. 

   "Ah, yes", she lets the "hiss" escape her lips, and the purple
tube begins to reappear from inside it's sheath. Just before the
conical head fully releases from her lips, the journey begins
anew, slowly plunging back into her body. This time, as the
fingers holding the base touch the soft folds of her labia, her
free hand gravitates to the little nub at the top of her slit,
tentatively rubbing back and forth. 

   "Oh, fuck,  yes....that's so good", she swears as I begin to
think that I am simply an appendage to her dance. Am I here to
provide an audience for her performance? Or am I the director
that will conduct the final throes of her climax? 

   As I kneel to get a close up look at the altar between her
thighs, it awakens her defenses. "No, not yet", she breathed. "I
have planned this all for your pleasure and you will have to be
patient with the script". I stand and undo my belt, dropping my
pants and shorts to the floor. My now bulging dick springs free
from encumbrance, pointing up at the ceiling. As my eyes return
to her hands, I find that she has resumed the thrumming of her
clit, as well as plunging the vibe back into her depths.

  Obviously not content with the angle of insertion, she lays
back onto the table, without losing a beat with the vibrator or
her finger. For the next few minutes, I am captivated with her
pussy, opening up to accept the vibrator and the growing redness
of her engorged clit. Suddenly, a loud moan escapes her
lips,"mmphmm", and she pulls the humming purple stick from her
cunt. 

   "I'll be right back", she whispers as she rises, yet again,
from her repose. 

  At this point my hand has firmly grasped my bulging rod, in a
vain attempt to gain relief from the teasing it has endured. An
electric shock comes up from my groin as I feel her touch, saying
"No, love. Just be patient and you will be glad that you did".
She firmly twisted the base of the vibe, shutting off it's
continued burring, and heads, once again, back to our bedroom. 

   What was probably a couple of minutes seemed like half an
hour, as I pondered my predicament. My engorged cock was
throbbing, as it took all my resolve to keep from stroking myself
to release. But, in my mind, the visions that remained of her
performance just made my appendage even harder. I lay my head
back against the couch cushions, trying to work out
mathematically exactly how many pieces of lingerie that she has
in her collection, thus attempting to understand that there is
some finite number of times that she can retreat to the bedroom,
leaving me unfulfilled. 

   Just when I began to think that there might be one or two more
outfits that she could possibly appear in, she is standing in
front of me, wearing a G-string, with a half-cup bra.
Conventional as that outfit seems, she had a chain hanging from
her breasts, with a small clamp attached to each of her nipples.
The clamps surrounded the nipple, causing it to redden and stand
out like pencil erasers.

  This was all becoming just too intense for my libido, as I
reached to pull her body towards mine, opening my mouth in
anticipation of lightly biting one of those engorged nipples.
Instead of feeling the hard pebble on my lips, I feel her hands
pushing me away. "I've told you that you would have to wait", she
said sternly. "Now I will have to force you to behave".

   Before I could begin to break into a smile at the thought of
being forced to behave, she grabbed my wrist and propelled me
toward our dining table. Shoving me into one of the chairs, she
quickly wrapped a plastic tie around my wrist, and like a rodeo
bulldogger had my hand fastened to the chair, with another tie.
In a second, the other wrist had been similarly bound, and I
before I even thought to resist, I found myself tied, hand and
foot, to one of our wooden dining room chairs. 

   "OK, OK," I said laughing. "I'll behave."

  "Now I know that you will," she said firmly. She walked out of
the room, returning with a huge, veined vibrator in her hand. I
noticed that she had changed outfits again, now wearing a pale
yellow baby doll nighty, nipples, and jewelry, were left exposed,
but held up by the half-cups of the built-in bra. The hem of the
dress barely covered her ass, so, as she sat on the edge of the
dining table, it placed her pussy about a foot away from my
gaping mouth. She then leaned back, laying on the table, lifted
her knees and placed her feet on the table edge. Helplessly bound
to the chair, I was a front row spectator to her open pussy.

   "What do you think of my nipple jewelry, my love?" she asked,
with a sly smile. "I love the way it makes my nipples tingle all
the way down to my clit. Especially if I give a small tug on the
chain...like this." Her eyes closed, as she ran her fingers
lightly across the span where the chain connected her nipples.
"Mmm...that's good. It feels like you are nibbling on both of my
nipples at the same time, Hon."

   "Something I would love to be doing right now!", I said
longingly.

  "Soon, baby", she replied in a low voice, as she continued to
lightly tug on the chain. "Soon you can do whatever you want to
me. Fuck me, suck my clit. Mmm, just thinking about it makes me
want to untie you and let you have your way. But....no. You need
to just wait and see what I've planned for you." I moaned in
argument. 

   Reaching beside the table, she found a bottle of lubricating
oil, (obviously placed there earlier), and twisted open the cap.
Aiming the bottle toward her cunt, her other hand caught the
droplets, and massaged them over the folds of her flower. When
her pussy had become sufficiently oiled, she set the bottle aside
and rubbed the remaining oil on her hand onto the new vibrator
she had brought. Her hand barely made it completely around the
shaft. 

   Then, with a twist at its base, she turned the vibrator on and
began running its length down her slit. The vibrator was about 10
inches long, and 2 inches in diameter, with thick latex "veins"
down its length. The lips of her vagina spread to invite this
intruding toy. Almost gripping the sides as she moved the tip
towards her ass. Suddenly, she rotated her wrist, aiming the huge
cock-shaped vibe right at its target, and, with a side-to-side
motion, attempted to insert it into her cunt. 

   Despite the lubrication and her efforts, she couldn't get the
tip of the vibe past her labia. After several minutes of trying,
she moaned in frustration. "Mmm....ungh", as she tried, once more
to insert the tool into its intended sheath. 

   She sat up, wild-eyed, and immediately came to another
solution. Reaching over for the lubricant, she poured some into
her hand, and reached over to my rigid pole. Bathing my dick in
oil, she ran her hand from the base to the tip, making sure that
every inch was covered. The veins on my cock were beginning to
stand out as much as the ones on the vibrator, as it throbbed at
the attention she was giving it. 

   When my rod was lubricated to her satisfaction, grasping the
back of my chair and straddling my legs, she began to lower
herself onto my lap. Bound as I was, I could do nothing to help
her. But moving one hand to lift the hem of the nighty , and one
hand on the base of my cock, she lowered her pussy, enveloping
the head of my dick. 





   "Oh yesss...." she hissed, as she rotated her hips and tried
to position her body to take more of my cock inside. "I'm gonna
fuck you, baby...right on this chair", she whispered, as she
slowly impaled herself on my cock. As she grasped the back of the
chair again and extended her arms, she began to grind her pelvic
area onto my lap. Since I was tied at the wrists and ankles, all
I could do was attempt to levitate my ass off the chair seat,
something that I was not too successful doing. 

   However, she seemed to be having a great time, rising and
falling on my lap, as she controlled the angle of insertion,
speed and depth of each stroke. 

  "Oh, baby, yes," I moaned, still trying to lift up from the
chair and meet your downward strokes. 

  "Mmm, yes." She hummed, "I love riding your big cock." When all
of a sudden she stopped and slid off me. 

  "Let's try this way", she smiled, as she turned around, showing
me the globes of her ass. Grasping my cock again, she lowered
herself onto my pole once again, leaning forward on the table,
while slamming her butt down on my lap. 

  "Oh my Gawd," she exhaled. "I think you are going all the way
up into my throat", as she pressed her  butt down onto me harder,
trying to shove my dick as deep as it would go. I could feel her
fingers on the top of my cock, as she rubbed over her clit,
trying to increase the internal pressure that was building within
her body. Just as my balls were beginning to boil, she lifted off
of me, turning and smiling, "Uh oh! I don't want you cumming too
soon, lover. We need to slow down a bit." 

   "Ohhh, nooo!", I cried. "C'mon, baby...just a little bit more"
I pleaded, knowing that it was in vain.  She was in complete
control and enjoying every minute of it. I was left humping into
the air, as she looked at my waving rod without pity. 

   "No," she scolded, "you need to watch a little bit more, my
love." She obviously had choreographed this performance down to
the last detail, and enjoyed my helpless attempts to pull out of
my bondage. She knelt on the table in front of my face, with her
ass facing me. As she spread her thighs apart, she placed the
veined vibrator upright on the table, lowering her pussy to its
tip. This time, there was no hesitation or working the large vibe
into position. This time she lowered her ass like a pile driver,
impaling her pussy about halfway down the 10-inch rod. 

   "Oomph," she expelled, as she grabbed the base of the vibe,
holding it vertical against the tabletop. She lifted her ass up a
couple of inches, before driving it downward, again, this time
ramming nearly the entire 10 inches into her body. 

   "Oh...shit" she moaned, sitting still on the pulsating latex
tower. Then slowly, while still holding the base of the vibe flat
on the table, she began to lift, and then lower, her body.
Fucking herself deeply as the vibrator hummed away. "Oh
fuck...this thing IS going all the way up to my tonsils" she
exclaimed, looking over her shoulder at me. "Are you enjoying the
view?"

  "Very much", I murmured. "I love the way that your pussy lips
are all stretched and red as you fuck that dong." 

  "I know," she grinned, "I can feel every little ridge as it
goes into me. And when it goes all the way in, it stretches my
cervix and feels so good!" She lowers herself to complete
fullness, and stops, as she pulls the yellow chemise over her
head, then resume fucking the upright vibrator. 

   "I know you love watching my ass, baby," she said. "That's why
you always want to take me from behind, when we fuck. I hope that
you are loving this view."

   "Oh, yes," I agreed. "I love watching the rosebud of your
asshole pucker up every time you bottom out on that vibe." 

  With a twinkle in her eye, she reaches over to the lubricant,
inverting the bottle and leaving a couple of drops on her
fingertip. Without missing a stroke on the vibe, she places the
lubricated finger on her asshole, and massages the oil around it.
My cock pulsed every time she depressed the tiny bud with her
finger, since this was a part of her body that had always been
taboo. My cock throbbed anew when she tentatively dipped her
finger into her ass.

   After that brief exploratory plunge, she reached again, for
the lubricant bottle, inverting it to apply a bit more to her
finger. "Oh, shit", she swore, as the bottle gushed about a
teaspoon full into her hand. Still, she reached her overflowing
hand back to the crack of her ass to continue her massage. Her
crack glistened as I watched her slowly insert her middle finger,
up to the first knuckle, still not missing a stroke as she
lowered her hips back down onto the vibrator. 

   "Oh, I can feel every ridge on the vibrator through the
membrane between my ass and pussy," she exclaimed, as she had
inserted the finger up to the second knuckle. Her virgin ass was
so coated with the lubricant; she had no trouble starting to fuck
her finger in and out of her as, as she bobbed up and down on the
pole in her cunt. 

   Her breathing began to deepen, in a way that usually precedes
her climax. "Easy, babe," I cautioned, "you're s'posed to wait
for me". I wanted into that rear entry so bad that I could taste
it. In fact, I intended to taste it before I plunged my cock into
her ass. Of course, in my current state, all I could do was
watch, while stretching the ties that attached me to the chair.

   "Don't worry, my love," she moaned, "I am getting ready for
you, but we still have a ways to go before it is your turn", she
smiled slyly.

    "Ohhh, " I moaned in agony, as I watched her slide up off of
the vibrator. She turned to face me, while staying on the table.
Taking the small purple vibe she had discarded earlier, she held
it vertically on the table. Rising up on her knees, she sat on
the vibe, ramming it up her ass.

   "Umm...I love this vibe going up my asshole...and can't wait
to feel your cock going there, lover", she sighed. "That would be
your birthday fantasy, wouldn't it? To ram your hard cock right
up my virgin ass!"

   "Oh, babe", I pleaded. "I'm gonna come just watching you work
that vibrator up there."

   She suddenly pulled the vibe from her butt, and sat on the
edge of the table. "Now we can't have you coming all over
yourself. I guess I'm going to have to slow down a bit and let
you get control of yourself", she said, mockingly. My jaw fell as
she collected the vibrators and pranced down the hall without a
word.

   Minutes seemed like hours, while I sat there attached to the
chair and she did whatever she was doing back in the bedroom.
Needless to say, my rod slowly began to shrink back to normal
dimensions, without the visual stimulation I had been getting for
the past hour. I wondered what was taking her so long, since I
couldn't think of any other lingerie she had left to model.  

  A few more minutes passed before I heard her footsteps coming
back up the hall. Stopping behind me, she said, wistfully, "Oh,
baby, that big cock has gone down. I guess I'll have to rev up
your engines a bit to rejuvenate you."

   I heard a mild "humming" as she stepped around the chair. She
was totally naked now, except for a pair of scissors in her hand,
and some elastic straps fastened around her waist. 

   "What is that?", I asked.

  "It's called a Scorpion", she replied. "Want to see it?", as
she jumped up on the table and lifted her legs. It looked like a
huge Gummi Bear, shaped like a scorpion. The pinchers surrounded
her clit, while the body of the arachnid lay in between her
vaginal folds. The interesting part was the "stinger/tail", which
was poked up inside her asshole. The whole thing vibrated away,
as I began to feel my cock come back to life.

   She slid off the table and knelt at my feet, placing her lips
on my growing cock. "You'd better leave that alone for awhile," I
warned. "It could go off at any time, considering the pressure
its been under for the past hour." 

   Grasping my rod at the base and kissing the tip, she said,
"I'll take my chances while I get him re-stimulated". She pumped
the shaft with her hand as she engulfed the tip in her mouth. And
swirled her tongue around it.



  "Oh, baby", I moaned, as my cock sprang back to full attention.
Apparently, that was her cue to cut the ties that had been
holding me in the chair. First, she freed my ankles, and, while
deeply kissing me, she cut loose my hands. As she snipped the
final tie, she turned away from me, bending and resting her
forearms on the table, offering me a full view of her rounded
butt. As I removed the Scorpion from her body, I held her hips,
steadying her so I could take aim. 

  "I want you in my pussy, first", she said softly, as if she
thought I would just slam my cock right into her ass. I stepped
up behind her, and aimed the swollen tip right into her open
vagina. With a slow steady push, I entered her.

   "Ohhh....yesss", she sighed. "Fuck me slowly, baby. Let me
feel every inch of that hard cock going into my pussy." As I hit
bottom, I held still for a few seconds, then slowly began to back
out of her. "Mmm...I love it", she said. I began to fuck her with
a little more vigor, but kept it under control knowing that I was
working with a very short fuse after all of the foreplay. After
all, the object here was to get to my wife's virgin butt, not
just to spray come all over her before I get there.

   After a couple of minutes of steady stroking, she was
beginning to moan and thrust her butt back at me with each
stroke. I placed my hands on her hips, stopping her movement, and
said, "Slow down there, babe. I have to get you completely ready
for what's coming up". 

  "Oh", she squealed, "That's not fair. This is my show and I
need to get fucked...right now!"

  "Oh, but we must be patient", I teased her as I pulled my cock
from her depths with a "plop". "Don't move a muscle," I ordered
her. "I'll be right back." And this time I headed up the hall. 

  Getting into the box where we keep our love toys, I found a toy
that I purchased some time ago, but had never had the chance to
try. It was a thin anal penetrator that fit over the base of my
cock and allowed me to fuck my wife's pussy, while fucking her
ass with the thin, flexible attachment. I figured that this would
give her a chance to let her sphincter relax before I put my cock
into her. It also would give me a chance to apply some anal lube,
so there wouldn't be any pain associated with popping her anal
cherry. I didn't want this to be the one-and-only opportunity to
fuck her beautiful ass, so I was going to take great care to go
easy.

   Walking back down the hall, I saw that she had remained bent
over the table, the round globes of her ass raised in the air. 

   "OK, my love", I said softly. "I am going to claim my Birthday
present shortly. But first..."

  "Ohhh, don't wait lover", she moaned. "I'm ready for you now"

  I knelt behind her quietly, and ran my tongue directly into her
pussy.

  "Mmm", she purred. "Yesss!"

  Flicking the tip of my tongue over her swollen clit, I pushed
my thumb into her pussy, while rubbing her clit with my finger.
Not letting my tongue leave her body, I slowly ran it from her
cunt and licked her rosebud. 

  "Oh baby", she moaned. "Yesss...right there. I'm ready for you
lover."

  "Not just yet", I whispered. "You had your fun getting this
far. I'm going to have some of my own as we climb the mountain
together."

   While massaging her pussy with my hand, I bring my tongue to a
rigid point, pushing right at her asshole. It resists my entrance
for a moment, and then I pry it open as I fuck her with my
tongue. 

   "Oh yesss..." she hissed. "Lick my ass baby. Fuck me with that
tongue. It's so good." 

   I back away to take a breath, "This is just the warm-up,
lover." 

  After lathering her with my saliva, I stand up behind her and
point my raging cock at her pussy. I rub the tip up and down her
slit to spread her natural lubrication around, before plunging
into her. 

 "Ungh...oh yeah", she grunted. "Fuck me hard, baby. Shove it in
me all the way". 

  I did. Repeatedly. Once she was pounding back at my rhythm, I
reached over and opened the jar of anal lube I had brought from
the bedroom. I dipped my finger into the jelly-like lube. While I
continued to plough into her pussy, I rubbed the lube around her
asshole, round and round.

   "Yeah, baby", she urged. Put it in me. Shove it in my ass and
double fuck me".

  "Oh, baby", I hummed. "You are gonna get double fucked here in
a minute." I'm not sure she understood what I meant, or just
didn't care, but she was wantonly ramming her ass back into me,
begging me to fuck her harder. I dipped for another daub of
lubricant as I held her hips still. Positioning my fingertip in
the center of her rosebud, I softly pressed it into her. 

  "Unh...yesss", she begged. "Fuck me twice, baby." As I began to
work my finger in and out of her ass, alternating the strokes
with my dick in her pussy. "Ram that finger up my ass...deeper",
she ordered, and I increased the speed of my cock and my finger.
With my free hand, I grabbed at the anal penetrator that I had
pulled out of our love toy box. I dipped its tip into the
lubricating jelly, and rubbed it down its full length. The
penetrator was slightly wider than my finger, but about 6 inches
long, so I was about to comply with her request for "deeper".

   "Oh noooo...", she wailed as I pulled out of both of her
orifices simultaneously. "Don't stop", she begged.

   "Just be patient", I mimicked her earlier comments, as I
slipped the base ring of the penetrator over my rigid tool.
Holding the rubber dong upright, I reinserted my cock into her
pussy, slowly parting her lips, and then firmly driving into her.
I began to get back up to speed, feeling her press back against
me, when I held her still, again.

   Before she had a chance to complain, I had the penetrator
pushed against her flower, parting the petals and centering the
dong on her opening. 

   "Mmmm...", she questioned. "What's that?"

   "Just stay still for a second and you will feel it", I
answered, as I pressed my cock back into her, it also pressed the
dong into her ass about an inch.

  "Oh yesss...", she moaned. "I'm getting double fucked. Fill me
up, baby. Fuck me harder"

  It took a couple of strokes to push the dong fully into her
ass, but once it had gone all the way in, I was able to fuck her
hard, with long strokes, pounding into her ass. Her ass cheeks
were slapping onto my thighs as she rocked back against me with
each stroke, trying to insert both intruding rods deeper into her
body. 

  "Oh my Gaaawwwddd", she yelled breathlessly. "It's so good.
Fuck me. Soooo gooood". She was in the beginnings of her climax
as I slammed into her to the hilt and buried both rods as deep as
they would go. 

  "I'm CUMMING", she screamed, and began to pulsate underneath my
body, still pressing back into me to drive the twin intruding
rods deeper into her cunt and ass. "Oh yesss....cumming", she
sobbed and began to collapse underneath me. I went with her body,
so that my cock wouldn't be yanked out of her pussy, and let her
enjoy the high she was experiencing. 

   As her breath came back to normal, I lifted her hips to get
her back on her knees. I slowly pulled my cock, and the
penetrator out of her cunt, as I kissed her back and neck,
soothing her during her post-orgasmic recovery. Still, she
realized that I had not cum yet, because she reached back and
grabbed my cock, rubbing it at her asshole. "Finish in my ass,
love", she whispered. 

  I took a swipe at the lubricant, massaging the tip of my dick
with the jelly. She was back up on her hands and knees, as I
placed the tip at her opening. 

  "Push back against me", I instructed. "It's easier if you put
pressure backwards, rather than me pushing in." She followed the
directions, gasping as the head of my cock slipped into her ass.


  "Slowly", I said. "I'm in you now, but you need to take it easy
and get used to my width." She was so anxious that she was
slightly bouncing back against me, pressing my cock into her
millimeter-by-millimeter. With each bounce, I was inserted into
her ass just a bit deeper, until, with a grunt, she slammed back
into me, impaling herself onto my rigid pole.

   "Fuck me, lover", she begged. "Fuck my virgin ass, like you
have wanted to for years. "Fuck me hard and the let me feel your
hot cum up my asshole, baby"

   I didn't have to be told twice as I began to pound away at her
behind. Pulling out until only the head of my cock was still
inserted, then pounding all the way back in. All the while, she
was urging me to do it "Harder", "Faster", "Shove it in there"
and a hundred other words that were synonymous with getting
fucked. 

  "Oh my gawd..", she chanted. I'm cumming again. Cum with me
baby. Shoot that hot cum up my ass." As she began to climax, she
tightened down on my cock like a vise. The boiling hot cum began
to rise from my balls, while she screamed in her orgasmic bliss.


  "Oh, Fuck", I yelled. Fuuuhhhgggin' ahh". I kept pumping into
her, as my balls spasmed again and again. 

   Finally the frayed nerve endings on my cock couldn't take
anymore of the friction, and I stopped fucking my wanton bride. I
ran my fingers lightly over her back, causing the goose bumps to
rise as she gave me a contented sigh. "Oh baby, that was better
than wonderful. Probably the best cum I've ever had."

   "Probably!", I laughed. "I thought my balls were gonna turn
inside out." 

   Eventually, her sphincter pushed my cock out of her with a
soft "plop", and we lay on the floor in each other's arms,
beginning an afternoon nap.


