It's been a while for Sir and Princess... The world seems to have lost their minds and the chaos is just sad. It's time to find some piece for Sir and Princess again...
I reached out to Sir and asked for a getaway. I have been so isolated and have missed him desperately. Sir and I meet at the town and restaurant that we agreed we would spend the weekend. Sir made all the arrangements. I was to bring a weekend bag, but not to expect to leave the bedroom for the weekend. I chuckled, but packed as he had instructed. We met in the pretty peaceful town in the mountains. Sir knows how much I love the mountains and this one is quite beautiful. We had a nice relaxing dinner and it was so nice to be able to get out and about again. It felt strange, but so good to feel just a bit of normalcy again. After dinner, I followed Sir to the hotel. It was a short drive up the mountain. We park and Sir leads me up to our room with my bags.
He inserts a special key into a special elevator at the end of the hall and we ascend. The doors open and we walk into a big open room. It's amazing. I feel like we just stepped into a mountain cabin. It's elegantly appointed, but with that rustic mountain house feel. Warm rich tones and oversized furniture in front of a huge stone fireplace and windows that open to the mountains across the valley. High two-story ceilings with windows that look out over the mountain valley. It's truly spectacular. I would never have thought that a place like this existed in this hotel. The kitchen is well appointed too with a large island and comfortable barstools.
We wander and I get the feel for the place. It's large and yet comfortable too. Sir leads me to the bedroom. The huge bed is in the center of the wall and framed in heavy rich wood. There is a small sofa in front of another fireplace giving another sitting area with an oversized chair and ottoman. The windows are huge and open and overlook the mountain valleys below. Sir stands and watches as I take in the room. There is an electricity in the air that is energizing. I take my time wandering at first. Looking at the high dresser with multiple drawers. I turn and look to Sir with question in my eyes because I know that this is a play room and yet we are in a hotel. I'm confused and Sir sees that. He just grins, but makes no attempt to explain how this hotel room exists or how he knew about it. There are floor length mirrors set into the elegant wood walls in various areas around the room. The bed itself is massive with manacles at various points along the heavy wooden headboard. I can only assume that there are manacles all around the bedframe at intervals as well. I look up and realize that the decor all has multiple purposes for various forms of bondage, yet it is elegant mountain decor. This is a very high-end hotel room. This is not some cheap dungeon space and the pride in Sir's demeanor is apparent in that he intended to impress me tonight. Wow did he impress me.
Without a word he motions to the ottoman. It's about 2 feet wide, slightly longer than 2 feet and sits on 4 sturdy wooden legs. At the top of the legs are straps with a sturdy metal ring and my neoprene and velcro cuffs are resting in the middle of the ottoman. The leather of the ottoman is cool and soft to touch as I slowly walk around it. It's obviously a heavy piece because when I bump into it while rounding the piece, it barely budges. Every time I am with Sir, I never know what to expect. I never know what he has planned for me. It is one of the wonderous things that I have grown to treasure about our relationship. In a world where so much is expected of me, so many responsibilities and stressors, Sir gives me the opportunity to tune it all out. To simply escape into our world.
"Are you nervous, Princess?"
"No, I'm excited, Sir. I love that you always keep me guessing. It seems simple really, but I know that it will be anything but simple with you."
"You are very perceptive, my love. Yes, I will be challenging you tonight. I am not feeling very gentle at the moment. That may change as the night goes on, but for now, we will use or number system."
"Yes Sir."
"Strip, Princess. This is the last time that you will have clothes on for the weekend."
"Yes Sir."
I remove my clothes, folding each one and handing them to Sir. It's a little chilly but I don't care. This is when I begin to hand over all the control to Sir. With each piece of clothing that comes off, I am surrendering to Sir. This is the transition from friends to Sir and Princess. Oh, how I have missed this...
Sir leads me to the ottoman and I am instructed to hold out my hands. Sir attaches the cuffs to my wrists and ankles firm but not tight. They will not slip off in any way. Not that I would want them too either. I stand still and allow the transition to happen. Sir then places a padded leather collar around my neck and buckles it into place at the back of my neck. It's snug, but not choking me. As he finishes, Sir yanks my hair back hard and kisses me deeply, passionately. It's hard and hungry. I can taste the liquor that Sir had after dinner. I taste his hunger, his lust. So much is put into this kiss. So much more than just a simple kiss. This is a kiss of ownership. His grip on my hair is not gentle and I relish in the tingle of my scalp.
"Mine!!" Sir growls in my ear.
"Yours" I say panting for breath.
"Please me Princess." Sir commands.
I drop to my knees in an instant. Hungry for Sir's cock. I immediately open his belt and pull it from the loops of his pants. As it comes free, Sir takes it from my hands and I look up into his eyes and see that glint in his eyes. I have a feeling this belt is going to be used.
"Keep going Princess. I didn't tell you to stop." Sir commands again.
"Yes Sir."
I open his fly and immediately free his already thickening cock from the confines of his pants. Sir is in his element and I know I am in for a rough night. Which of course makes me grin in delight.
"I think you are optimistic about the events of tonight, my Princess" Sir says with a hint of that half playful banter and half commanding ominous promise.
"Oh yes Sir. I think that I will be having a hard time sitting for a while."
"You may be very correct in that statement. Keep going Princess."
I slowly lick my Sir from base to tip. Over and over again. Feeling him grow and thicken with each pass of my tongue. I take my time. It is important to me that I fully worship my Sir. His cock is magnificent and I love the feel in my hands, on my tongue and in my mouth. I crouch down low to be able to take his balls softly into my mouth. He inhales deeply as I run my tongue down to his taint while my mouth gently rolls his balls. I'm good about not swallowing back my saliva. We both like when I drool. Sloppy and wet. They pop out of mouth with a sloppy pop. I look up at him and take his cock deep into my mouth. Not breaking eye contact. Fighting the urge to gag, but I fail and I gag hard. It's been a while. We haven't been able to play since the pandemic started and I am disappointed in myself. Sir immediately sees this on my face as the tears form in my eyes. Sir pulls me off him gently. The next thing I know I am being pulled up and he is kissing me passionately as he moves us back to the chair. He only breaks the kiss long enough to situate us on the chair with me in his lap. I'm curled into him and he has looking in my eyes.
"I want you to listen to me Princess. You never disappoint me. There will be no tears at the thought that you are out of practice for any of our tasks this weekend. Do you understand me?"
"But Sir, I ... we... we worked so hard to help me get past my gag reflex and I was so proud of that. I tried to keep training while we were apart, but..." Barely keeping my tears at bay. Shame filling my eyes.
"Princess, that's enough." Sir says sternly. "Baby girl, it has nothing to do with practicing. We have both had so much going on. We are here to reconnect. To reacquaint ourselves with each other's bodies again. That is not going to happen immediately. It's been quite a while since we were last able to play properly. I will not have you thinking that I expect perfect technique. I expect MY Princess. I expect YOU. Not some fictitious porn star."
"Yes Sir. I know but..."
I am cut short as Sir flips me over his knees and SMACK... SMACK... SMACK...
I yelp in surprise. It was so fast that I didn't even have time to react. The pain it sharp, but not bad. He rubs my ass cheeks to spread the heat.
SMACK, SMACK, SMACK alternating between my ass cheeks.
"Now, let's try this again. Who is in control?" His hand resting on my ass.
"Yoouuu..." I say stuttering
SMACK, SMACK, SMACK ... even harder this time
"Who?" as his hand is poised, ready for another round.
"You, Sir" I say loudly
"That's much better. Now when I tell you that I am happy with you and that you are not to doubt that, what are you expected to say?" as he smooths my skin.
"Yes Sir."
"Good girl. And when I tell you that we are going to work on the basics again. You are going to listen to me. Do you understand?"
"Yes Sir"
"Good girl. Now let's start this again."
Sir gently raises me from his lap and leads me back to the area in front of the ottoman.
"Remove my pants baby girl."
"Yes Sir."
I kneel down again and begin to take his shoes and socks off. Then I lower his pants and remove his pants, but not his boxers. I look up expectantly awaiting his next instructions.
"Good girl. Now the rest of my clothing."
I stand and begin to unbutton his shirt. I can still feel the burn in my ass cheeks as I move. My skin is hot and I'm breathing heavily. I am solely focused on the task at hand though. Sir understands me so well. He knows that I need to be centered again. It is very difficult for me to completely clear my mind. He knows that these basic commands help put me in the proper headspace.
"I am sorry baby girl."
I look up in surprise. "But why?"
"Because I should have anticipated what you would have done right away. I should have given better instructions."
"No Sir, I should not have tried to push myself so quickly without warming up better."
Sir takes my chin into his hands and he touches his nose to mine and looks lovingly into my eyes.
"Princess, we have both been so starved for each other. As much as I want to ravish you immediately, we very much need to take our time. We have all weekend to play."
He kisses me deeply again.
"How about we both agree that we are getting ahead of ourselves and we get back to just exploring each other again?"
"Yes Sir. I would like that very much" I say and exhale into his body.
Sir takes me into his arms and cradles me with his strong arms. I simply breath him in. He breathes in my hair. He takes a deep breath and holds me back out at arm's length to look at me again.
"Let me put some lotion on your bum Princess. I need to pamper my baby girl for a bit."
I woke up to a beautiful sun rise in the wee hours of the early morning. I'm all curled into Sir and it feels so warm and wonderful. I can still feel the slight heat on my bum from last night, but all it does is make me smile. Sir left the curtains open and I'm so glad that he did. The view of the sun cresting the mountain tops is quite beautiful from where we are laying. Sir is possessively holding me snuggly as he breathes in deeply. God, I love this man. He's still asleep and yet he refuses to let me go. The only dilemma with this is that I have to pee... LOL... And leave it to him to not let me up to pee.
"I'll be right back, I promise" I whisper into his ear.
He grunts his unhappiness, but he relents and lets me up.
I scoot out of bed and meander to the bathroom. I take care of myself and grab a quick drink of water. Then peddle back to the bed and snuggle in again. Sir is sleepy, but awake and navigates us so that we are spooned and watching out the windows at the beautiful sun rise. It really is spectacular.
"How did you find this place" I inquire.
"A friend of mine told me about it. It's a hidden gem and is a private hotel. They don't advertise and you have to be recommended to be able to book a room here."
"Oh, wow, that's incredible. It really is beautiful. The room, the views, everything."
"Yes, it is and the membership was well worth it. We can see the sunrise from the bedroom and the sunset from the balcony off the kitchen side. No one will bother us all weekend. I have you all to myself finally."
"I think it is all amazing." I say as my tummy rumbles a bit.
"Is my Princess hungry?"
"Yes Sir, but can we please wait to get up until the sunrise is up?"
"Of course, sweetie."
I can feel Sir's morning sunrise poking into my back and I rub my bum against it and giggle. He growls in my ear and laughs too.
"You're proud of that aren't you Princess?" he says with a chuckle.
"Yep" I say laughing again.
Sir quickly flips us around so that I am on my belly and facing the open windows. Without any prep he rams into me and I gasp at the sudden entry and fullness. I yelp and there is a slight burn from the friction of not being fully lubricated and ready for him and I love it. Sir eases back a bit and then rams into me hard again. I instantly start to lubricate his rock-hard cock. I lift up on my elbows and cross my ankles to make the fit even tighter.
"Oh, that's my good girl."
Sir begins to pull in and out. I love the feeling of his weight on my back and I arch into him. The connection as he pumps me hard and deep is exquisite. I can feel his thick hard cock sliding through my ass cheeks and then bottom out inside me. His hips slap against my ass with each connection and his hair rubs against the sensitive skin of ass. It's still very sensitive from my spanking, but I love that feeling. It makes me feel alive and the heat of my ass just adds to the sensations running through me.
His pace is fast and hard and yet it is so intimate. His breathe in my ear calling me his angle, his good baby girl. His arm slides around my neck and he applies just a touch of pressure to my throat and I get even hotter and wetter for him instantly. His cock is moving freely in and out and his pace is growing faster. I roll my head back against his shoulder and close my eyes as I relish the sensations running through me.
"Watch that beautiful sunrise Princess. Don't you dare stop watching that sunrise." He demands
"Yes Sir" I stutter out as my eyes fly open again.
"That's my good girl. Take what I have to give you."
"Yes Sir, Please Sir..."
"Please what? Princess"
"I need..."
"What do you need Princess?"
"I need..."
"I know what you need Princess and don't worry, I plan to give it you"
Sir's pace is almost frenzied now. He is slamming into me so hard that our bodies are bouncing on the bed. Sir now has his arm around my throat and his other hand is pulling my hair back hard. I am going to cum so hard and I am grunting with every slam into me. It's brutal and raw and in complete contrast to the quiet beautiful sunrise in front of us. I can feel his body start to tense and I know that he is so close. I'm not there yet, but I don't care. I want this for Sir. I want him to take what he needs from me this morning. He was so sweet with me last night. I need to give him this. I need to feel his raw carnal feast of my body. To make me feel owned. Possessed. I can sense that he is trying to hold back so that I cum with him.
"Sir don't stop!! Don't hold anything back!! Please Sir!! Take this for you!!" I beg him.
He roars his frustration and pounds me even harder. I feel like I am being driven into the bed so hard that I will become part of it. That's when I feel it. His entire body goes rigid. The sweat is dripping off of him and he plows into me one last time hard and deep. I scream out as he hits the deepest depths of me and my entire body loses control. I no longer see the sunrise. All I can see are bright dots of light as my orgasm hits harder than I can ever remember. My body is twitching and spasming into his. He collapses onto my back and we both lay there panting trying to catch our breath again.
Sir rolls over and gathers me in his arms. I am shaking still and the warmth of his body fills me with a peace that I can feel to the depths of my soul. His heart is beating so hard and mine feels like it is in sync with his. The connection that we share has always been strong and deep. Two souls that seem destined to hold onto each other. Sometimes when the world around me becomes too much, I take my mind back to this place. The place where we are one. Our breaths, our hearts, our souls. After every savage moment that we share, it is always balanced out with the gentle tenderness that binds us together.
With so much going wrong in this crazy world, this is right. Maybe not to the rest of the outside world, but for us it is exactly what we each need.