On the Beach at Night
by Emi Tsuruta

Hi again. It's me, Emi. Sorry it's been so long since I've written, but I kind of had a busy summer, and then it was back to school. Things have settled down a bit now, so maybe I can start to bring you up to date.

So much has happened I hardly know where to start. I guess I should go in order. There's one story I haven't told you about last winter, before I left for Japan. I guess how it started was one of my friends had suggested that if Ryosuke and I wanted to be alone together, we should go to the beach at night. Good idea. I mean, I don't usually go out at night all that much. The buses to my house stop pretty early, and I worry about waking up my host family, but, anyway, at least if it was at night there probably wouldn't be anyone around, so we wouldn't have to worry about being seen. Or that's what I thought at first, anyway. I told Ryosuke and we made a date to try it.

After school, I came home, and ate supper with my host family. I told them I had to go out, and meet a friend to work on an assignment for school. I know that you're not supposed to lie and stuff, but my host mom has met Ryosuke, and I didn't want her to worry about me.

I waited for a while, and once it started to get dark, I phoned Ryosuke, and we arranged to meet in front of this 24 hour convenience store not far from the beach. Before I left, I had a shower, and changed into some fresh clothes. It gets a little bit windy out at night especially on the beach, so I decided to dress warm. Over my underwear, I put on these black tights and then my blue jeans, a white blouse and a big red sweater. Maybe it wasn't that cold, but I decided to take along my long white coat too. I know Ryosuke doesn't like it when I wear jeans (he prefers mini-skirts), but anyway, with any luck, tonight, we would finally get a chance to be alone together so I thought he wouldn't mind too much.

Because I knew I wouldn't be able to take a bus back, I decided to bike down to the beach. I was a bit worried about my coat getting caught on a pedal, so I folded it up, and wrapped it around my waist, but it was pretty warm, so I ended up taking it off and putting it in my bag. There was a bit of a breeze blowing, but it felt nice biking along through the quiet streets.

It's downhill most of the way to the beach, so I got there pretty quickly. I don't usually go to the beach in the winter, but I managed to find the convenience store soon enough. I looked around, but Ryosuke wasn't here yet, so I chained my bike up to the railing by the road, found a place to sit down, and looked out at the ocean. I started thinking about how this was the same Pacific that I had seen in Japan, and wondered how people back home were doing.

Every once in a while a car would drive by, but otherwise, it was pretty quiet. I began to wonder if this was the right place, but before I went to phone, Ryosuke showed up.

"Sorry. I had a bit of trouble getting away." According to him, his host family are pretty friendly, so I imagined that they'd been talking together.

"That's OK. It's good to see you," I smiled, giving him a kiss. The wind had started to pick up a bit, so I took out my coat again, and put it on, while Ryosuke chained up his bike. After he was done, he kind of looked me up and down. He looked a bit disappointed that I was wearing jeans, but he didn't say anything about it.

"Here let's get something to drink." We went into the convenience store. I got a mineral water, and he bought a ginger ale. I noticed a few other customers in the store. I wonder if they are headed to the beach too.

After we'd got our drinks, we went outside, crossed the street, and started walking along the beach.

"Here. Let's check out down this way."

This is the biggest and most popular beach in Oceanview, so it has, like, a boardwalk and washrooms and little hot dog stands that are open in the summer. The beach season is much longer here than in Japan, but it was still officially winter, so everything was closed up. The wind was pretty strong but warm.

We kept on walking along the boardwalk until a line of trees on the left started blocking the view from the road. I was kind of hoping to find a place that you couldn't see from the road or the beach, but the tree line was pretty straight, and inside the woods, there were too many bushes for us to sit down there.

I was almost ready to give up, when Ryosuke pointed out this place where some of the trees were a bit further back from the others. It still seemed quite out in the open to me, but I couldn't really see anyone else on the beach. There were these dark shapes here and there, but they didn't seem to be moving, so I guessed that they were not people, maybe pieces of wood or something. I wanted to go over, and take a look, but it was kind of scary in the dark, so I stayed with Ryosuke.

Meanwhile, he had taken out a plastic sheet and a couple of beach towels, and spread them out on the sand. I kept standing nervously looking back along the beach to see if anyone was coming this way. The moon was out, and so it was still pretty bright. Ryosuke sat down on the one of the towels, and motioned for me to do the same. I had this nagging feeling that we were being watched, but not wanting to spoil the mood, I finally sat down next to him. He wrapped his arm around me.

We just kind of sat there for a while looking out at the ocean, listening to the waves lap up on the shore. It was pretty romantic. Still, I couldn't help worrying, and I kept looking back the way we had come. Ryosuke pulled me to closer, trying to comfort me, but my heart was still beating pretty fast. He looked into my eyes and said,

"You look so beautiful in the moonlight," and then kissed me gently. He does have soft lips. I took a deep breath, and relaxed a little. He gently lowered me till my back was on the towel. He kissed me more and more, and then started undoing the buttons on my coat. I tensed, but he told me not to worry, that it would be alright.

I relaxed again, but I could still hear my heart beating loudly in my chest. He popped open the button on my blue jeans, and pulled down the zipper. I looked up at the stars, and tried to relax.

"It'll be OK. It'll be OK," I kept repeating as if that would keep people from coming. I felt his hands slip in under the waistband of my panties, and felt the air rush in as he pulled them down, my jeans and tights with them. They were pretty tight, so it was a bit of a struggle. I lifted my bottom up a little, and felt a kind of thrill as my mound, thighs, knees and calves were exposed to the night air. Rather than take off my shoes, he left my jeans tangled around my ankles. I wanted to reach down, and pull them back up, but I couldn't get a foothold to sit up. For a second, I had this vision that he might tie up my arms too, but he didn't.

Ryosuke kissed me softly again, and then reached up under my blouse and bra, and gently touched my breasts. My nipples are very sensitive, and I could feel them getting harder from his touch. I tried to sit up again, but I couldn't. It was like I was under a magic spell. I just lay back, and shivered as he found exactly the right places to touch me.

I felt his hands slide down the sides of my body and then out from under my clothes. I could tell he was trying to bring his mouth close to my secret place. I tried to spread my legs, but they were caught in the jeans. He motioned for me to roll over. I did, and then he put his hands on my waist, and lifted till I was on all fours. He flipped my coat up on to my back.

I felt so obscene, like an animal with my bare bottom sticking up in the cool night air. He began flicking at my private place with his tongue. I thought of my host family fast asleep back at the house, and I felt even more embarrassed. My hips started moving back and forth all on their own as his tongue circled round and round.

Just when I was starting to feel this pleasure welling up inside of me, he pulled away, and started rummaging through his bag. Panting, I lowered my head onto the towel, my behind still high in the air. I wanted him. I wanted him inside me. He had that wild look too, but suddenly he said,

"Emi. I hate to tell you this, but I forgot to bring the condoms."

At first, I was so far gone that I didn't really understand what he was talking about. I felt cold "down there", so I reached down between my legs, and started stroking myself while he watched (I don't normally do things like this, but for some reason, I just couldn't help myself).

"Did you hear me? I said I don't have any condoms." He looked very serious. "Listen, I think that they sell some at that convenience store. Let's go get some."

I rolled over on my back, and finally managed to sit up with my jeans still twisted around my ankles.

"OK." I was slowly starting to come back to earth. I reached down for my underwear and tights, and started to pull them up, but Ryosuke kneeled down next to me and said,

"I've got a better idea."

At first, I wasn't sure what he was up to, but he undid my shoes, and took them off. Then he grabbed the waist band of my panties, tights and jeans, and pulled them right off. He put my shoes back on, tucking my other clothes away in his bag.

"You can go like that."

I looked down in disbelief at the tuft of my black pubic hair sticking out from under my sweater. At the bottom, my hair was pretty wet.

"No, I can't. Everyone will see me."

He pulled me to my feet, and then started doing up the buttons on my coat.

"No one will be able to tell. C'mon. It'll be fun."

I looked down at my coat. It covered most of my thighs, but there was a slit in the back and an opening in the front. I just sort of stood there in shock for a minute while he hid our stuff in the trees.

"C'mon. Let's go."

As I started walking, I could feel the sea breeze blowing on my legs and bottom and my most sensitive place. It tickled, and was getting me pretty excited.

"Uh Ryosuke, this feels... uh... kind of weird."

"That's the fun of it. Just enjoy."

I was still pretty high from Ryosuke's caresses, and now here I was walking along with only a flimsy coat covering my naked hips. I was shivering not so much from fear as from the tickling feeling 'down there.' As we came within sight of the road, I straightened the front of my coat, so people wouldn't be able to see my legs (or worse). I didn't have any socks on, so my ankles and calves were exposed. I sure hope they can't see much higher.

As we neared the road, a car drove by, and my coat tails fluttered up in the wind.

"Kyaa!" I pushed the coat back down, and held it. "Uh Ryosuke, I don't think this is such a good idea."

He took my hand, and led me across the road. The two halves of the front of the coat fell to the side exposing my thighs. I was feeling more and more strange with the warm breeze blowing between my legs, tickling my most sensitive place.

Ryosuke led me into the store, let go of my hand, and went off to look for condoms. I straightened up my coat again, and walked to the back of the store to try to hide. There were still a few customers walking around. I ended up standing right at the end of one of the high shelves out of view of the cashier, but in view of the street through the large front window. There didn't seem to be anyone outside, but it was dark out, so it was hard to tell.

I looked at my reflection in the glass. I looked kind of strange in my coat with no socks, but other than that I looked OK I guess. Ryosuke came up, and hugged me from behind.

"I found some." he said obviously happy. He just kind of stood there holding me like that till the other customers all left. A man walked right past us on the other side of the window, but then it became quiet again. There was a radio or something playing at the front of the store, but we couldn't see nor hear the cashier. Maybe he was taking a break.

Ryosuke started looking at my reflection in the glass.

"I feel silly," I said.

"You look great." He glanced toward the front and then started fumbling with the buttons on my coat. I slapped his hand, but he just ignored me, and started to undo them.

"Ryosuke! What are you doing?"

"I just want to see how you look."

At first, I thought he was just joking, but when he got the second button undone, I started to freak. I tried to break free, but he still had his arms around me. The last button popped, and he opened my coat exposing my bush directly towards the large window facing the street. I almost cried out, but he muffled my mouth with his hand. I made like I was going to bite his hand, but he pulled the coat further back, and spanked my bare bottom.

"Now you are asking for it."

I finally broke away, but as I did, he grabbed a hold of my coat. My arms got pulled back. I was panicking because I was now naked from the waist down in the brightly lit store. I looked back begging him with my eyes to let go, but he pulled my coat right off. I looked down in shock quickly covering my bush and backside with either hand. Ryosuke backed off a step or two, and folded the coat over his arm.

"Oh c'mon, Ryosuke. Give that back." Afraid that someone might see me, I moved away from the window and into the center aisle. I could see the front counter but not the cashier. "Hurry, before someone comes."

"You almost bit me."

"You took my coat."

"That's no reason to bite me."

I looked anxiously back at the counter. Still no sign of the cashier.

"Listen Ryosuke, we don't have time for this. Just give me back the coat, OK?"

"If you are nice to me, I will."

I was becoming more and more afraid with each passing second. I could feel with my fingers that my pussy was getting wet.

"OK, OK, I'll be nice. Just give me back my coat."

Ryosuke darted down the aisle, picked up a box of condoms, and handed them to me.

"I'll give it back if you buy these for me."

I pulled the hand from my bottom, and took them. He handed me a ten dollar bill.

"Oh, c'mon. You're kidding, right?"

He walked towards the front. Not sure what else I could do, I slowly followed. Still no sign of the cashier.

"Excuse me. We'd like to buy something here," Ryosuke called out towards the back room. The cashier came rushing out.

"Yes," he said looking at Ryosuke. "What would you like?" His eyes drifted down noticing I guess that I was naked. I stepped right up to the counter trying to hide my lower body behind it.

"We'll take these."

I put the box and the money down on the counter. The cashier's eyes widened when he realized what they were. Ryosuke came up next to me at least shielding me from the door. He flashed the cashier a big smile, and patted me on my bare behind. I was starting to feel faint. At that point, I'd never really done anything like this before in my life. Finally, Ryosuke unfolded my coat, and wrapped it around my shoulders.

The cashier handed him the change while I put my arms through the sleeves. We quickly hurried out of the store with the cashier staring after us. Ryosuke laughed out loud.

"Man, that was such a rush, don't you think?"

In the cool air, I started to come out of my haze. I quickly did up all the buttons on my coat, and crossed the street.

"Do you think he'll follow us?"

We both looked back, but he wasn't moving. I looked at Ryosuke seriously.

"Promise me you'll never do anything like that again."

The grin disappeared from his face.

"OK, I'm sorry ... but don't bite me, you hear?"

I nodded. We both went silent, and then all of a sudden I broke out laughing.

"I have never been so embarrassed in my whole life."

He started laughing too.

"You looked so sexy standing there naked like that. You are such a babe, Emi."

Once we were out of sight of the store, we stopped. Ryosuke looked into my eyes, and gave me a kiss. We were still pretty far from our stuff, but obviously, he wanted to fool around some more. He took a hold of my top button, and then hesitated as if asking permission. I smiled shyly, and looked down. He undid the buttons, and gently pulled my coat off again.

"You really do look better this way. You ought to try it more often."

Having been in the bright store bottomless, the dark beach didn't feel quite so bad. The dark shapes were still there but no sign of people. He started to pull my sweater up. I felt the fear returning, but also a different feeling. I actually wanted to be free of my clothes, to see what it was like to stand naked on the beach. If something happens, he'll protect me. I know it.

He pulled the sweater off over my head, and began to undo my blouse. Off to the left, back toward the store, I caught a glimpse of car headlights going by. He got my blouse off and then my bra. I was naked except for my shoes.

"You are so beautiful." He began kissing my breasts, bobbing his tongue against the nipples. I started shaking again from the fear and excitement. He knelt down, and put his tongue between my legs.

"Oh Ryosuke, don't." It felt so good though. My knees were getting weak. I almost fell over, but he picked me up in his arms, and carried me. I looked around, and realized he was heading back towards the convenience store. I hit him on the chest.

"OK, OK." He stopped, and set me down on the sand within view of the store but still some distance away. He pulled down his own pants, showing me his manhood. "Here stick your ass up in the air again," he instructed as he ripped open a condom packet.

I have to say I had mixed feelings. I was excited sure, but this was way out in the open. I was shaking as I gazed over at the store praying that the cashier couldn't see us in the dark. Ryosuke insisted though, and got me to turn over, so he could touch my pussy from behind. He ran his fingers along my slit, slathering my love juices all around. I covered my mouth trying to keep from crying out. He got me to get up on all fours, and then I felt his manhood knocking at my gates of heaven, trying to get in. I kind of squirmed trying to get my footing, but soon, he found the spot, and I felt his penis easing in. He felt so big. I had to brace my arms and knees against the sand to keep from sliding forward. It was such a weird feeling having sex way out here in the open, not so far from the road and store. I tried to keep silent, but when he started rocking back and forth plunging in deeper, I squealed. He leaned forward cupping my breasts, playing with my nipples. His hands felt so warm and soft. It felt so good I was going crazy with desire. I started to gasp like some kind of animal. I lifted my head to see a car drive by, but I didn't care. I just wanted more.

Ryosuke started pushing his legs which were between mine outwards causing me to spread wider and wider. I could feel the air tickling me, his penis rubbing up against my g-spot. As I spread, he managed to push deeper and deeper inside of me. It felt wonderful. He kept thrusting in as I gasped over and over. Unable to take it anymore, my whole body rocked as I felt the first wave of orgasm hit me. I thought that that would finish him too, but he was still going. As I slowly came down again, I dug my knees into the sand, and started squeezing him with my box to help him along.

"Oh, Emi, don't don't " but it was too late. His gun went off. I could feel my box filling up with his love juice. Finally, he started to pull out his weapon. It felt good as it slid out. To tell you the truth, I didn't want to stop so soon. I turned over, and sat down on the sand, my legs spread wide apart.

"Sorry, I uh, was just trying to help," I offered shyly. He pulled out some wet tissues (do they have those here?) from his pocket, and handed me one for me to clean myself off. I wiped off my pussy, carefully because it was still quite sensitive. I had sand all over my hands and knees and now on my bottom. I got up on my knees, but suddenly realized I was buck naked in the middle of the public beach. It was still pretty dark out, but I began to feel more and more afraid someone might come along, and find us.

Ryosuke helped me brush off the sand, but then he got up, and ran towards where our stuff was.

"Just wait right here for a sec. I'll be right back."

"Where are you going?"

"To get my camera."

As he walked further and further away, I began to feel frightened again. I slowly stood up, feeling so weird being naked out in the open like this. I ran over to where my coat was, and squatted down to pick it up. I pulled it on, and then picked up my bra, blouse and sweater piling them in a bundle. Another car drove by, so I quickly scurried back to where Ryosuke was.

He had fished out his camera, and was trying to get it set up. I finally found my backpack among the trees, and pulled it out. I dug out my undies, and was about to put them on when Ryosuke came back.

"Here I want to take some pictures."

Of course I knew exactly what he meant, but I was beginning to feel more and more afraid that we would be discovered.

"It'll give us something to remember this night by, a memento of our love."

I knew he was saying this to get me to strip for him, but it was kind of a romantic idea. I set my undies back down on my bag, and let him lead me out of our hiding place toward the sea. We both looked nervously up and down the beach to make sure no one was there.

"Here give me your coat."

I froze up, my sense of modesty having returned.

"C'mon. C'mon. It'll just take a minute."

I walked back into the shadow of the trees, and hesitantly started undoing the buttons. We'd already had sex in view of the convenience store. Wasn't that enough?

Ryosuke came around behind me, and eased my coat off my shoulders.

"OK, just for a few seconds," I finally agreed. He set my coat down on top of my bag, and motioned for me to walk out into the middle of the beach. I peeked out from around the trees looking to see if someone had come. It was still pretty quiet. I was shivering again from the feeling of being naked outdoors. I looked back at Ryosuke, and he nodded for me to go ahead, so I very cautiously stepped out onto the beach. What would my classmates think if they caught me like this? I put my hand between my legs, and realized I was getting wet again. OK. Anyway, I'd better get this over with.

As I stepped forward the flash went off behind me lighting up the whole beach.

"What are you doing?" I softly yelled back at him.

"Sorry. I love the way your ass looks."

I blushed a bit.

"Anyway, hurry up." I walked out into the middle of the beach my hair standing up on end from the feeling of being naked. He took a couple more shots of my backside, the flash lighting up the darkness.

"This is crazy," I said glancing nervously back towards the store. "Someone will notice for sure."

He took one shot of me standing facing him and then said,

"Get down."

Not sure what he meant, I looked at him.

"On all fours."

I felt really embarrassed, but I did as he said. He came really close, and patted my head like I was a dog or something. He walked around taking pictures from all angles, but stopped at my rear, and ran his finger up my slit.

"Jesus, you're soaked."

I looked back at him embarrassed, but he just kneeled down and started feeling for my clit.

"Hey!" I squealed, but he'd already found it. I grew weak, as he skillfully started fingering me. He leaned forward, and licked my butt cheek. I was starting to feel horny again. I spread my legs, and raised my bottom up high as he licked me. I glanced nervously down the beach, but I could feel another orgasm building up inside of me. He unzipped his pants, and pulled out another condom, as I looked back at him all in a rush to do it again.

He grabbed my hips, and slid it right in. I was still high from the time before, and it wouldn't take much to push me over the edge. I motioned for him to sit down and then I squatted on top of him, letting him see as I pulled his penis up between my pussy lips, and then slid back down pushing him deep inside of me. I kind of wanted to have the two of us go off at the same time, but as I found just the right angle for me I forgot about him, and started bouncing up and down like wild. I could tell he was close, so I got down on my knees, and tried to find just the right rhythm. My body was so hot I was sweating, but I could feel this cool liquid running down the inside of my legs. He went off first, but kept on thrusting long enough to push me over too.

After we'd finished I stayed on top of him, and started playfully tilting my body bending his penis this way and that. He had this pained look on his face, so finally I easef up, and got off of him. I love the feeling when it is sliding out. He looked completely done in, but I was still pretty excited, ready to try again. Slowly I came back down to earth, and went and got dressed. That was the first time I guess we ever did it twice in one day. I don't know if anyone saw us, but I did kind of kick myself for going so far. I really should be more careful.

Anyway, that's all for now. I'll try to write again soon. Best wishes,

Emi Tsuruta
