I got home from work late and exhausted; too tired to eat I headed straight for the bedroom. Eve lay on top of the spread with her back against the headboard, reading a magazine. She was naked except for a tiny pair of panties that I didn't remember ever seeing before. Her smallish breasts stood out firm as always and her nipples were erect and hard as the finger of one hand was almost absentmindedly caressing one. She looked up to me then smiled and tired or not I could feel a tingling in my cock.

As I took off my clothes, I asked her about the new panties,
"Yes, they're new, I'll have to tell you about them, but first I have to confess, your wife has been naughty today."
Eve being 'naughty' is a role-play game we play where she tells me a story about either letting men peek up her skirt or maybe meeting her boss at a motel for lunch. Her tales are so realistic, she knows how turned on I get, and it turns her on as well. 
"Eve is daddy going to have to give you a spanking tonight?"
Of course, I never give her a real spanking that is just part of our role-play. Now naked I cuddled up next to her with my erection pressing against her thighs.
"OK, I'm ready to hear how naughty you were today..."
"No Roger it wasn't my fault, that mean Mr. Roberson forced himself on me, I mean he was so insistent that I just let him. Do you believe he actually tore my panties taking them off me?"
By now I was actually panting and rutting her leg like some horny dog,
"Wait start at the beginning tell me all about it."
"Just before quitting time he called me into his office and told me I had to work overtime. I said I had to use the restroom first and excused myself. When I came out of the stall in the ladies room Mr. Roberson was standing there leaning against the sink. I was so embarrassed, I know he heard me tinkle and then he told me he saw my panties around my ankles. I think he liked that he'd embarrassed me, then when I began washing my hands, he picked up my dress, and he said he wanted to see how they looked wrapped around my butt. My hands were wet so I couldn't even pull my dress down. He told me to come to his office when I was done and walked out, leaving me with my dressed hiked up."

She picked up my hard-on, and then leaned over to look at it resting in her hand.
"You know, you're a lot smaller than Mr. Roberson."
"What, where did that come from, how do you know?"
"Well, when I went back into his office he was sitting in his chair with his thingy out and he was stroking it. He looked so strong and sexy I guess I couldn't stop staring at it, I mean him. When he ordered me to come hold it for him I had to do it. Oh god Roger, he was so big I could put both of my hands around it."
This made me look down and I noticed she was stroking me with just two fingers. My cock was throbbing so I asked her what happened next,
"He reached under my dress and began to rub me through my panties. He told me I was a hot bitch and that my cunt was wet, Roger you know how much I hate that word but when he said it, I got even wetter. He tore my panties off and pulled me over his lap and before I knew what, he was inside me. I just went crazy, I don't even know how many times I came, and when he came he was so far up me I could feel it shooting up inside me."
I was so turned on I wanted her right that instant and I asked her to climb on top of me. She did as I asked except instead of my dick she sat on my face.
"Honey, I'm just too sore right now, could you be a sweetie and just lick me softly like you do so well."
I began to jack off as I ate her pussy,
"You know you are licking your wife right where her boss used her, can you taste any of his juice, go ahead stick your tongue way up there."
I hesitated, did she taste different, she certainly was wet enough, I just couldn't tell for sure. All this excited me so much; I came all over my belly.
"Roger that feels so good, keep doing it, right there. You know honey it's not my fault I let my boss fuck me, he is just so domineering I couldn't help myself I got so excited I let him use me."
After she came, she cuddled up next to me and as she held my head to her breast, she stroked her hand through my hair as my cum dried on my stomach. 
"Gee honey I didn't know you like to be dominated, would you like me to do that to you?"
"Roger, now you're just being silly."  
 I told her this was the best role-play ever; she just smiled and said that we would be playing this game a lot more in the future. Oh and for the new panties, she told me her boss took her to Victoria's Secret and bought them for her. One other thing, she asked me if I knew what a cuckold was, I told her I had heard of it but wasn't sure what it meant. I asked her where she had heard it and she said her boss mentioned it. I made a mental note to look it up latter.





