Title: Taking Care Of The Boys - Chapter 3
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: Housemistresses keep all the family men happy. A new helper joins The Group (sharing, incest)
*****************************************************************

Thomas answered the door on Saturday evening. He stepped back in surprise and the six foot, broad shouldered woman in the doorway grinned. Her white teeth and sparkling green eyes were very noticeable in her beautiful dark chocolate face. Abundant black wavy hair cascaded off her shoulders to complete the effect. She was used to that first impression from people who had not met her before. Thomas recovered his manners and ushered her into the living room where Rita was laughing quietly as she watched the twins and Dan react to the impressive ebony woman.

Rita served drinks and then dinner. Leti was on a soccer scholarship from South Africa and met Rita in nursing classes. Her family was poor and the scholarship was just barely enough for direct college expenses. Rita piped up, "Leti and I have agreed on her pay if she works as my substitute. I will pay the taxes and gift her the money since it is a paperwork pain in the ass for her to be hired in this country. That is easier for everyone."

Leti spoke up, "Rita tells me that your household custom is no clothes. I like that too so could we get comfortable?" Everyone quickly complied. Leti's sense of humor bubbled up, "Great! Nothing to hide in this interview, right?" She stood up and slowly turned around. As Rita, in her very brief description of the candidate had mentioned, her tits and ass were amply rounded in proportion to her solid, soccer player body. They moved nicely as she showed off her firm full figure. She, in turn, was checking out the white meat jutting skyward because of her show and licked her lips suggestively. Sitting down with her legs spread, the men could see the pink pleasure doorway peeking out below a bare mons. They made sure she had a clear view of their parts.

Rita asked, "Tell them how you feel about sex." The dark woman leaned forward, making her tits jut proudly out, "In my culture we start having sex when we are interested and ready. It is a natural part of our life. I am 21 now but started when I was eleven since I matured early. I am not promiscuous. I must have good feelings and trust before I will even let someone touch me. Some boys and men have gotten hurt because they didn't respect that. The men I have met here were not very mature and looked at me as a trophy or a black whore. Rita and I have had many talks so I understand how you are here and that appeals to me a lot. I want to give and receive good caring sex. Having more than one man as a regular partner has happened to me at home and I loved it. I'm quite horny so when does the fun part of the interview start?"

Thomas quickly spoke up, "As the patriarch I am claiming first rights!" Leti stood up smiling and took his hand, "Lead the way kind sir." A half hour later Thomas returned to the others, his cock shrivelled, and said to the twins, "She wants you both next!" Forty five minutes after that the three returned together. Since this interview was for the family, Dan had not particpated. Thomas said, "From the smiles on everyone involved I think that Leti is approved. Any comments or questions?" Leti told them she was eager to start anytime and she had her recent medical report for them. She didn't like condoms very much either. It was agreed that she would be there weekdays mid afternoon into the evening to do household duties and dinner. If she wished to stay later or visit on weekends on her own time that was quite ok. Rita gave her a big tits-to-tits hug, more or less, since she was so much shorter. She watched Dan enjoy a rather long full body contact hug as his erection was trapped between their bellies. Seeing the big dark body up against the pale ones was very interesting.

The twins were VERY eager to get back from class on Monday. Their schedules were different enough that Leti had a leisurely screw with each of them before dinner. She expected/hoped to spend more time in bed than the kitchen the first few days so had some quick simple meals planned. Not knowing that everyone was used to "sloppy seconds", she rinsed her vagina after each partner. When she bedded Thomas, he remarked that she wasn't very slippery...had sex with the boys gone ok? She was very pleased that she could keep the semen inside her. The hormones and other components made her feel better long after the cock was gone. She snuggled with the older man and told him how happy she was. He kissed her and gently caressed her magnificent boobs as they fell asleep. She hadn't planned on staying over but was glad she did though she had to hustle the next morning for class after their morning fuck.

When their paths crossed, Rita worked with the new house-mistress to get things running smoothly. Leti was smart and capable so it went well and Friday night dinner was celebratory. With no school tomorrow the two women and four men were in the mood for partying. The back yard was private so lights and music were turned on and drinks and dancing were the number one priority. It was warm enough that clothes could stay off. Rita had barely managed to fuck Dan during the week so she missed her other guys and was enjoying stimulating them every way she could. Dan was facinated by Leti's big dark body and watched her every move. Dancing with her resulted in his long dick between her thighs rubbing on the shaved vulva. A few drinks down the road, the irrepressable Rita told the group, "Dan has never had black pussy...it is about time to broaden his horizons. Leti, do you think you can handle my stud?" Leti was having a great time and her twat had been well stimulated so she took Dan to the nearest lounger, pushed him on his back and lowered herself slowly on his erection. As she slowly rose and fell he sucked and fondled her magnificent tits. Rita hugged her from behind, running her hands over the dark buns, tits and thighs, and played where Leti's pussy joined with her man's hardness. She whispered "I want to feel him shoot his cum in you." As Dan came, Rita held his balls while he filled Leti with his sperm. The totally aroused Rita went to another chaise, spread her legs and called out, "Anyone want white pussy?" Three hardons answered her question. Dan had plenty of time for another piece of Leti before Rita had a vacant hole. After all that action it was late. Thomas graciously offered Leti his bed instead of going back to her shared apartment...she delightedly accepted.

The next morning the women were enjoying coffee on the porch while the guys slept. They were thinking about lst night when Leti turned to Rita and said, "Girl, you sure have got something good here. Thanks you for sharing it with me...I really needed it." Then she planted a deep wet kiss on the redhead. Her big hand easily cupped Rita's whole breast. Rita reached lower and got some fingers wet from the dark slit. The kiss went on for awhile then Rita put her fingers to her mouth, "Tastes like Thomas...I'm going to get some of that for breakfast. I'd bet Dan would like more of your 'black magic'!"  

Christmas holidays were still six weeks away but everyone who was on the sexsational vacation last summer wanted to know what was going to happen next. The Group, as they called their loosely combined families, had grown from three women and seven men to four women and ten men. The logistics were getting complicated but the screwing potential was terrific. Anna took charge as usual but needed ideas and help from the others. The best suggestion was a seven day clothing optional adult cruise. With nearby and sometimes adjoining cabins the partnering arrangements would be easier. Thomas got a big suite as the common or party room and six smaller rooms took care of the rest. The newest members of The Group were Dan and Leti. It was customary to give priority to new connections on vacations. Dan had fucked all four women but Leti had six new white cocks to try out. Rita's youngest brother had not been at the last vacation and he had not yet enjoyed Anna or Leti. 

The nude cruise was a great success. It was an eye-opener for Dan to see how much fun the women had with an open schedule and plenty of choices. Whenever he was ready for some crotch time he knew it would be ready and slippery. Of course Leti, being young fresh pussy, got lots of attention on deck and in bed. There were few people of color on the cruise and she was very noticeable. She sometimes used a tampon to keep the cum from running down her legs and to limit how much she got hit on by other cruise passengers. Some of the guys' equipment looked real interesting though. With ten men in The Group, getting laid whenever she wanted was never an issue. 

The four couples, with Myra pairing up with Rob for the cruise, would usually fuck others during the day and then compare notes while enjoying each other at bedtime. Rita succeeded in her plan to have a threesome with Dan and each of the other males so he could see and feel all of her lovers put cum in her cunt. The young and unattached boys found some teenage girls who were looking for fun so they got strange pussy, with condoms required,  in addition to their usual sex partners. Everyone looked forward to the next summer, hopefully at the beach house again.

Just as with Rita, it made sense for Leti to move in with the family when her rented room came up for renewal. She was spending most of her free time and many nights there anyway. She took over the custom of banging the boys after dates that Rita had started. It didn't happen often anymore because they were now finding girlfriends who appreciated good sex. If the girls didn't know how to do it well, the twins were excellent teachers. They occasionally swapped girlfriends to further their education without the girls sometimes realizing it. Of course they used condoms with outside partners which made them enjoy the bareback sex at home even more.

Every Monday the three house-mistresses would get together. Rita asked Leti why she had been so quiet lately. Leti started crying and said, "My periods are often late when I am training but this was unusual. The test strips and the college doctor say I'm pregnant! I don't know what to do!" After hugging and consoling the distraught young woman, Anna brought Thomas to the kitchen for his advice. Leti said she had been using IUDs for much of her sex life. "With as much sperm as I get now I've probably conceived every month but this time the IUD missed it. Of course I can't tell who the father is. Thomas has a vasectomy but I was ovulating during the cruise so that makes nine possible fathers. It doesn't really matter to me. I do not want an abortion either. Babies are always welcome in my culture no matter what. My biggest concern is that my scholarship and student visa will be messed up and I'll never get my degree." She resumed crying.

Thomas spoke softly but firmly, "We are living together like husband and wife. Let's just make it official. That takes care of the visa and I think you want to stay here permanently anyway. Looking at the bright side, I'll save on payroll." If he wasn't grinning Rita and Anna would both have hit him. Rita said, "Leti, I know that you have strong feelings for Thomas but what about the age difference?" Leti replied, "In my country marrying a prosperous older man is a great honor. How could I possibly say no." She kissed him very passionately and took him back to their bedroom.

Rita's nursing program was nearing graduation. She started looking further ahead. Living with Dan, and sharing even her sex with other men with him, had matured their feelings immensely. In the style typical for the free-spirited redhead, she made a special anouncement at the end of a Saturday night family "sex-in", which others might just call an orgy. She was seated on Dan's lap with his erection deep inside pushing out the cum of four other men. "Listen up guys, that was the last bareback pussy you will get from me for a while. I'm going off the pill tomorrow and nobody but Dan and Thomas can put cum in me until I'm pregnant. I've been getting maternal urgings for a while and Leti's pregnancy was the tipping point. She and I will support each other. Oh yeah, Dan and I are getting married as soon as we can arrange it."

The double wedding for the pregnant brides was enjoyed by all. A large cabin with two big beds was booked for the honeymoon cruise and a good time was had by all. 


