It wasn't that they were fucking on the kitchen table -- he was used to it, had participated in it himself on occasion, though he still had a screaming attack of Lysol use afterward. It was the particular configuration of limbs, so unprecedented that for a moment it wouldn't sort itself out into two people in Elijah's head. It was just arms and legs and a couple of asses, and he had known this, yeah -- because Dom had told him the first night -- but he'd never seen it.

Never seen Dom bent over Billy's back, never seen the shift and flex of Dom's ass as he was pushing into Billy, never seen the hard, tight lines of Billy's arms, fingers wrapped firmly around the edges of the table, and for a moment it was too unexpected, too unreal to resolve itself in his brain.

They shouldn't still be able to undo me like this, he thought distantly, though they had both proved again and again, that they could. His feet shuffled forward on their own, bringing him around them so that he could see it (them) at another angle, and take in the curve of Billy's back and the line of his throat, exposed and flushed, his head thrown back, his features twisted into a grimace of something that Elijah really doubted was pain. Dom had one arm around Billy's waist, his hand out of Elijah's sight, and the other was splayed on the tabletop, fingertips curled slightly, as if attempting to gouge into the wood to steady himself. Dom's face was twisted, too, deeply red and creased into an almost desperate expression of restraint.

Wow, he thought, and his strongest urge was to move up behind Dom, run his fingers down Dom's sweaty back, fit his hips up against Dom's ass and grind. He stayed where he was instead, unwilling to break the tableau, the perfect, almost gentle juxtaposition of their bodies.

Dom's hips were moving, an unhurried, rhythmic rocking, and Elijah could see the muscles of his forearm moving under the skin, equally slowly, as he stroked Billy. For a moment Elijah was tempted to drop to his knees, just to see it, to see Billy's blood-flushed cock and Dom's long-fingered, competent hand at work on it, but the impulse fled almost as soon as it was born. He wasn't willing to interrupt them, didn't want to distract them.

He just wanted to see this, see them, so obviously lost in each other that they weren't even aware of him there. Another time it might've prickled at him, but for the moment he was entirely without envy for either of them. He was enamored of the lines of their bodies, their faces, the slick, soft smack of skin moving against skin, and the deep, harsh sound of Billy breathing. Dom seemed not to be breathing much at all, and Elijah watched his head fall back, lips open and slick, eyes clenched shut as though in pain, and listened to Dom's breath rush out, watched his chest hitch as he sucked in another breath and held it.

Billy let out a soft sound, a breathy moan, and Dom's brows contracted for a moment, eyes squeezing shut more tightly, and then he breathed again, once, deep, and held it.

He was listening, Elijah realized, to Billy. Dom was listening, and he didn't want to miss anything.

It took him a moment to realize that he wasn't breathing either, that he was doing the same thing, and when he did, his breath escaped him in a rush, abruptly loud.

He wasn't surprised when they turned toward him. They were both very observant; the surprise lay in the fact that they hadn't heard him come in and shut the door. That might have bothered Elijah, once, the idea that the two of them had, even for just a little while, been more or less oblivious to his existence. He was mostly past that now; he'd been alone with each of them, and he knew how easy it was, how very easy, to completely lose yourself.

Dom's hips didn't slow or stutter their rhythm; his eyes were dark with lust, but his lips curled for a moment, a passing smile of greeting. Billy's eyes were bright and aware, and less different from usual than Elijah thought they ought to look, considering.

"Hello," Elijah said hoarsely. "I can go," he offered.

Unsurprisingly, it was Billy who answered for both of them. "Only if you want to," he said, and then hissed, his eyes dropping closed, as Dom's rhythmic rocking pushed his dick home.

"Fuck," Elijah said, and knew there was no way he was leaving, not if they didn't care if he stayed, and he found himself groping with the hand that should be holding a cup of coffee, groping until he found the back of one of the chairs, and curled his fingers around it, just for something steady to anchor him.

"Mmm," Dom agreed, lips curving upward again, but his head was tipped back, and he was smiling up at the ceiling with his brows still contracted with concentration.

Elijah had to reach into his jeans and adjust himself; he was so hard that he thought it was possible his dick would break off if he left it hanging down his fucking leg.

"Dom," Billy said, hoarse but strong, and Dom's brows twisted, his eyes clenching, and the tiny smile fell away from his face. Elijah saw the muscles in his arm -- the one wrapped around Billy's waist, hand hidden from Elijah's sight -- ripple and spasm, and Billy made a choked, snarling sound as Dom's hips stuttered forward as well, his careful rhythm broken. "Dom," Billy repeated, and Elijah had no idea what it was that was happening between them, though he didn't doubt for a second that they both did. And watching them together was amazing, watching Billy coax Dom into soft compliance, watching Dom goad Billy into fiercely controlled retaliation, just watching them was, God, so good, but this was another thing altogether.

Every time Elijah thought there was nothing else, nothing that could flash white heat into his mind and body the way that it had the first time the three of them had been together or the first time Billy had finally (finally) fucked him or the first time he had been the one chained to the headboard rather than Dom, something like this happened. It was like an endless progression of first times, and intellectually he was sure they had to run out of things like this sooner or later, somewhere deeper, somewhere in his gut, he thought that would never happen. They were both so fucking creative, so fucking willing to do the things Elijah occasionally thought about but never spoke of, that some part of him was sure it would never end. They would always be able to steer him into that singular state, that anticipatory uncertainty that first times were always steeped in.

"Please," Dom breathed. "Please, Bills." It was less pleading than it was a sincere expression of desire, a kind of raw honesty that Dom excelled at, delivered in that tone that said he would do whatever Billy wanted, whatever Billy demanded, and to please take that into consideration before denying him.

"Shh, Dommie," Billy murmured gently, but his eyes never left Elijah's. Nevertheless, Dom subsided, his movements becoming steady and even again. "Are you joining us?" Billy asked, and Elijah saw that Billy's lips were wet and his eyes were odd, slightly glazed maybe. Clearly he wasn't as unaffected by Dom fucking him as he'd like them to believe.

"Am I invited," Elijah asked, his voice coming thick and throaty, desire twisting hotly at the root of his belly that was fueled by a spark of something fierce.

"You're always invited," Billy said simply, and warmth bloomed in Elijah's chest to match that in his belly. Perhaps, by now, he shouldn't need to be told. But. It was sure nice, anyway. "Get undressed."

It wasn't quite a command, but Elijah didn't waste time in complying to ponder what it was. When he bent to shove his jeans down, he glanced up and saw Billy's hand close over Dom's, wrapped around Billy's dick, and squeeze gently before pulling Dom's hand away.

Billy's dick was deeply red, the head slick and gleaming where it emerged from its foreskin. Predictably, Elijah's mouth watered, and he felt his cheeks heat with something twisty and confused that seemed comprised of equal parts lust and mortification. He realized somewhat belatedly that he'd frozen, half bent-over, staring at Billy's dick. He hastily shoved his jeans the rest of the way off and straightened.

Dom, now having a free hand, was drawing a side of his thumb lingeringly down the line of Billy's spine; it slid easily along, lubricated with a visible sheen of sweat, and Dom seemed captivated by it. Billy's eyes were closed, and he was making a quiet sound more closely related to a croon than Elijah would have guessed him capable of, quite frankly.

Elijah opened his mouth and murmured, "I want to fuck you," without any actual premeditation, but he wasn't really surprised to hear it, either. In his mind, at least, that statement held the equivalent of a mathematical given. Of course he wanted to fuck Billy. Only monks and very old ladies didn't want to fuck Billy.

And Elijah wasn't too sure about the monks. Or the little old ladies, come to think of it.

Billy's eyes fluttered for a moment -- Elijah felt his dick twitch in response -- and his lips curled into a smile. He looked, for a moment, like Dom sometimes looked when Billy fucked him, flushed and mussed and completely content. And God, how it suited Billy. Elijah hadn't ever seen it and might not have believed it had he been told, but it was undeniable.

The hard knot of want in Elijah's belly was a sharp thing, something with edges that Elijah had so far only released on Dom, and yeah, oh yeah, he wanted Billy under him and looking like that, wet mouth and beaded sweat on his upper lip. God, did he ever.

"Come on," Billy said, and Elijah tugged his gaze away from Billy's lush mouth and saw that Billy had opened his eyes and was watching Elijah.

"I want to fuck you," Elijah repeated more fiercely this time, voice skirting on the edge of demand.

Billy smiled -- not a smirk, nothing so familiar, but not a very open expression either -- and said, "Another time. C'mere."

"Now," Elijah insisted, but his feet were shuffling forward and he didn't try to stop them. Billy's gaze went sharp and dark, his lips thinned, and Elijah decided to rephrase that. "Why not now?"

Billy arched a brow, but didn't comment on the pseudo-retreat. "Because Dom is fucking me now," he said reasonably, and uncurled one hand from the edge of the table to curl his fingers around Elijah's naked hip instead. He felt the edge of Billy's thumb slide-scraping along his hipbone and his chin wanted to lift at the frission of it, his spine wanted to soften, and he couldn't suppress a shudder. "And I want you under me," Billy added, voice going deep and rough. Elijah's dick jumped in agreement. "On your back," Billy directed, drawing Elijah close with nothing but the slight pressure of his fingertips. "On the table." He shifted, and Dom went still behind him, his hand stilling, fingers splayed across Billy's lower back. Billy levered himself upward with one arm, muscles shifting and moving under slick and sweaty skin, and guided Elijah closer.

Elijah noticed he wasn't resisting and wasn't surprised, even though the darkling hunger in his gut hadn't entirely retreated. It was a bit of an exercise to bend backward and slide under Billy's body without disengaging Dom, but it was worth it. Billy was drenched with sweat -- the windows faced east, and the sun was streaming hotly directly onto the table, making Elijah wonder why there, why not someplace more comfortable -- and his skin slid and skidded warmly against Elijah's. "Want to fuck you," Elijah muttered, and Billy laughed and kissed him, just brushed his lips lightly along Elijah's lips, then his brow, his temple, his jaw.

"Another time," he promised, and shifted languidly against Elijah's chest, hips retreating for a moment, and then arching back into heated contact, this time with Billy's dick wedged between them, tucked right up beside Elijah's own. "Another time," he repeated, voice mellow and almost dreamy, and Elijah couldn't look away from Billy's face. He'd been wrong to think Billy wasn't different like this.

He wasn't subbing. It wasn't that particular kind of open, the flushed and mindless eagerness that both Dom and Elijah had been known to succumb to. But he was different.

"Want your skin," he breathed, but it wasn't sharp, there was no demand. His face reflected a kind of relaxed and softened pleasure that wasn't at all like his normal keen and cutting desire. He dipped his head down and licked a path from Elijah's chest to his neck, humming quietly, and Elijah's dick jolted and twitched between them. "Your skin," Billy breathed into the indentation between Elijah's collarbones, right at the base of his throat. He said it as though Elijah's skin was something exotic and coveted, and Elijah's hips arched upward, increasing the pressure of their bellies on his dick. He hissed slightly from between clenched teeth, Billy's hips flexed in response, and Elijah felt it when Dom started moving again, the motion translated into pressure, friction, though it was slow and rhythmic and gentle. Billy hummed again, chest vibrating against Elijah's, and Elijah felt the sweat prickling on his neck and face and back and belly, and wondered again about their choice of location, but distantly this time, and without much interest.

"You could fuck me," Elijah invited, and squirmed involuntarily at the idea of Billy fucking him while Dom fucked Billy, but Billy just laughed and slid his elbow upward, bracing it to support his weight, and slid his fingers into Elijah's hair.

"Just your skin," Billy murmured, and pushed his dick against the dip of Elijah's belly. Billy's eyelids fluttered closed and he sighed, his fingers tightening in Elijah's hair, but not painful. "You have beautiful skin, so warm, 'Lijah, so good…"

Elijah's breath stuttered and caught, which seemed faintly ridiculous considering the simplicity and relative innocence of Billy's words (as compared to the kind of things Billy usually said, anyway). He managed to say, "Okay," and he meant it completely. The hungry burn in his belly was finally unclenching, and the drugged heat that was taking it's place was entirely familiar.

"And your hands," Billy whispered. "Touch me, Elijah," and Dom groaned softly even as Elijah's hands, lying open on the tabletop, twitched in response.

No one had to tell him how rare this kind of open invitation was from Billy, and he slid his hands along Billy's hips deliberately, tugging him down into firmer contact at the seemingly crucial place where their bodies touched. Billy's lips curled faintly up and his lashes threw shadows across his cheekbones. Elijah watched his face, absolutely enthralled, until Billy buried his face in Elijah's neck, tugging Elijah's head gently to one side to expose it, tongue darting out to taste briefly, then returning to lave at Elijah's skin at a leisurely pace. Elijah slid his hands up along Billy's ribs, feeling the ridges of them under the smooth skin beneath his fingertips, and it was weird feeling Billy shift and sigh, move into Elijah's touch, weird but fucking good, almost intoxicating.

It was easy to become absorbed in it, the muscles moving under the skin of Billy's back, the indentations along either side of his spine, the angles of his shoulder blades and the faintly curling tendrils of damp hair at the nape of Billy's neck. "Your skin," Billy mouthed almost soundlessly against Elijah's throat, and then drew upward to kiss him, not once but again and again, quiet kisses, the slick slide of wet lips and darting tongues that nevertheless were deep but brief and almost ephemeral, soft and sweet and meltingly hot. "Your skin," Billy said again, this time with his mouth sliding against Elijah's, his voice a languid slur, "so beautiful, so fine, you know I want to mark it up."

Elijah swallowed something that wanted to be a moan and just said, "I know," instead, their lips never leaving contact entirely. Billy's cheeks were flushed, his eyes half-closed, and even saying those words, words that would've have fit better, maybe, in another situation, he sounded unfocused somehow, lacked the edges that Elijah was so used to. He thought it should have bothered him, somehow, or maybe made things less heated and irresistible, but it did not. Nothing of the kind, actually.

Elijah's hips found the combination of Billy's voice (drugged, that was it, he sounded almost drugged, like Dom sometimes sounded) and the idea that (in spite of Billy's present lack of urgency) Billy wanted to mark him, impossible to resist, and he was grinding upward, not exactly roughly, but with his hands firmly pulling Billy down and against him hard enough to make his breath hitch and catch.

"Bill," Dom whispered hoarsely, and Elijah clearly felt Billy shudder, felt him react to Dom's voice as Elijah himself might have done, and suddenly he was grinding up harder, this time with intent behind it. Billy's response was to mirror Elijah's, and abruptly they were tense and writhing, cocks and hipbones colliding, glancing off slick skin, and then shoved back together, and Dom moaned in apparent approval. "Want you to come with my cock inside you, Billy," Dom said, low and tight. "Please, Billy, want to feel that."

Billy moaned quietly, and Elijah moaned at Billy moaning rather more loudly, and Billy hissed, "Yesss," a long susurration of sound, his eyes fluttering the rest of the way closed, while his hips flexed and twisted, downward pressure that Elijah found himself matching fiercely.

"God, Bill," Dom choked out, and Billy shuddered again, his breath hot and erratic against Elijah's lips. One of Dom's hands closed over one of Elijah's, dragging Billy backward, away, and Elijah jerked him back, fought to retain the slick pressure of Billy's hips jammed up against his own.

"Yess," Billy breathed again, and Elijah saw that his eyes were open again, but Billy was absent. For a moment there was nothing, a fine green ring around depthless black pools, and then Billy's hips rolled forward and he made a sound, low and unfamiliar, a tiny mewl of sound that was distinctly un-Billy, yet fundamentally sexy, guttural and needy, helpless. He felt Billy go stiff and shuddery, his eyes first sagged closed and then clenched tight. He let out a long, low moan and his head dropped forward, brow against Elijah's, and a moment later there was slickness and warmth between them, and Elijah came silently, without warning, the easiest, calmest orgasm of his life, perfectly matched with the slow burn of the encounter.

Dom, conversely, fucking exploded, a stream of reverent and indecipherable babble punctuated by vicious jabs of his hips which Elijah could feel as Billy's hipbones smashing uncomfortably into his own, discordant jolts of pain that penetrated his pleasant post-orgasmic haze, but weren't bad enough to make him move away. "Oh, God, ohfuck, the way you feel," Dom groaned, and then he was shuddering, his body bowed over Billy's back, face jammed up against Billy's shoulder blade. His hand clenched and grasped around Elijah's, another sliver of pain that Elijah couldn't bring himself to object to, and when he stilled, finally, his breathing harsh and loud, his weight on them was heavy but perfect.

"Jesus," Elijah whispered shakily, and Billy's eyes opened less than an inch away from Elijah's. He blinked blearily, and then smiled crookedly. Elijah's arms went up and around Billy without thought, and he kissed Billy's jaw, his chin, and finally his mouth.

Billy kissed him back with an easy, unhurried acceptance that wasn't true submission, but was as close as Elijah had ever seen him, close enough that Elijah wanted to taste it, keep it as long as he could, and Billy accepted it, making no objection to Elijah's hands holding his face. It turned out that Billy was willing to allow it for quite a while, long and lovely minutes that only ended when Elijah's kisses turned to heated little bites, and even then Billy pulled away slowly, almost reluctantly.

Billy hissed quietly when Dom pulled back, out of him and away from both of them, and Elijah watched, fascinated, as Billy withdrew, his face shifting and settling into a more familiar aspect and tension seeped into muscles that had been lax and yielding.

He wondered if Dom had known, and then dismissed the uncertainty. Of course Dom had, had probably felt it long before Elijah had seen it, and Dom being what he was, had complied.

Elijah wasn't sure he would have done the same. He wasn't sure he could have Billy there, so close to being beneath him, and then just let it go. Billy probably knew that. Elijah wasn't like Dom; he neither needed as deeply nor gave as completely. He thought it was pretty likely that that was why Dom got to fuck Billy, and so far, Elijah had not.

He wasn't sure how he felt about that, but when Billy straightened gingerly and offered Elijah his hand while he turned his body to allow Dom to lean, shivering, against his chest, Elijah was content to put it aside for the moment.