Sri Lankan window cleaners mess up my wife's pussy
Bu Bhuralund@gmail.com

Whenever I remember that incident, my cock stirs up in pants like a hissing snake ready to strike its creamy thick venom inside a moist wet pink-folded hole surrounding by wispy, curly hair. If you hear my tale, your snake will rise up too. And you will have to open the window of your zipped up pants to let it breathe fresh air and feel some hot friction of your sweaty palms till it vomits white sperm all over you.

Oh the hot humid day. Yes, it was indeed very hot and humid in Colombo when my wife and I decided to take a summer break a few months ago. Sri Lanka is very humid and when we visited it was no exception. The worse part was the mosquitoes. They were everywhere we went - restaurants, cafes, attractions, zoo, temples...you name it. So I was actually not surprised when the second evening, my wife complained of body aches and fever. The strike of malaria! Jeez, I thought, there went all my hopes of a good fuck. Anyway, the first night we were too tired to fuck and the second night, well, my wife fell sick.

We were staying in a nice colonial hotel and the resident doctor quickly subscribed some medicine for my wife. Since she had a very severe body pain, he gave her some heavy sedatives too and told her to rest for at least two days. "If your husband is bothering you," he joked lightheartedly, "Take two pills and sleep like a horse." I glared at the doctor.

Next day, I woke up to see the sight of my wife taking two pills and complaining, "I guess better take this opportunity to rest. I am always so tired at work so at least I can sleep here. Don't bother about me and go and enjoy a sighseeing tour." She finished eating a light breakfast and fell asleep, sedated by the two pills. I got up and went for a walk wearing my khakhi shorts and sandals and a t-shirt. From the garden, I looked up and saw three men cleaning windows. They were about four rooms away from our room and were really going to work with pails of water and dusters. I realized I had left the curtains open and hurried back to close them.

On the way, I haltered. "Hey," I thought, "Why not let the wretched men enjoy views of some lush black grass!" Then hurrying up I entered our room. I called out my wife's name but as expected there was no response. Not even when I pinched her nipples hard. Then I pulled the covers to one side and repositioned her so that she was laying there with one leg bent and one leg straight. She was only wearing a night dress and I helped her cause by removing her thin white panties completely. Then I pulled the dress up till her waist, leaving her entire pussy and creamy thighs naked. I smeared some butter from the breakfast tray on her pussy lips and they looked so delicious that I had to control myself from eating her hairy cunt right there. I also turned the air-conditioner slightly up so that she wouldn't be cold.

Then, I moved to the balcony and peeked at the three men. They were at the room next to ours. All three were local workers, wearing only sarongs, folded up halfway and tied at their waists. Their shiny blue black bodies were glistening with free flowing sweat and each time they raised their arms, I could see thick bushes of armpit hair, completely wet with their sweat. Two were about 45 years old and one, the oldest, must have definitely been more than 70. Why did they even allow him to do such a dangerous chore?

Anyway, I pulled the curtains off completely and went inside the walk-in closet which was conveniently located between the bathroom and the king size bed. The closet opened from both sides so it would have been easy for me to sneak out in case my wife woke up. Then I waited.

Our room was the last on this floor and within ten minutes (oh the long, agonizing 10 minutes) I heard the chattering of the men. One of the young men came in first and then helped the older man to cross over. The third man passed all their equipment to the first one and then all three were there. It must have been the glare of the sun that they couldn't see inside immediately. After two of the four French windows were wiped clean, one of them cupped his hands together and peeped in. The other two continued chatting and the one looking inside sushed them to be quiet. This got their attention and now all three swarthy men were peeking in.

At first they were a bit nervous, thinking that my wife could wake up any moment. But just then, the oldest one leaned too much on the window and the door flung open with a startling noise. The old man fell inwards. Fear was writ large on all three natives' faces as they must have assumed that my wife would get up because of the loud noise and create a scene. But even after some time, when they noticed that there was no reaction, they calmed and started inspecting her from close quarters. All three black natives were hunched together over my wife's buttered but extremely hairy pussy. I had not thought about them entering the room. I just wanted them to enjoy the view and perhaps go back to their rooms and masturbate to the fond memories of my wife's buttery pussy. Now I was torn between going out and sending them off or staying put and watching what would happen.

Surprisingly my seven-inch cock was rock hard in my shorts and I could feel a drop of precum seep out of its spongy foreskin-covered head. Then the oldest man, who had probably not touched a pussy - and such fine pussy at that - for a long time, extended a thick bony finger and touched my pretty drugged wife's cunt lips. The contrast of his blue black old hand against my wife's young and firm flesh - her pussy - send a rivulet of precum leaking from my cock and I decided to stay and watch.

The old man tentatively rubbed my wife's hairy pussy lips up and down and slowly, uncertain of his new found treasure, inserted it inside. My wife moved in her drugged sleep and opened her legs wider, giving him easy access. Emboldened, the old man plunged his entire finger inside and slowly finger fucked my wife just a few feet away from me as my cock leaked precum like a faulty faucet. Encouraged by their older colleague, the other two got up and started feeling my wife's ample breast first by putting their hands inside her dress and then by pulling the dress off completely.

Then suddenly, one of the younger man pulled off his sarong. I was amused to see that he was not wearing any underwear and his black cock - almost same length as my seven inches but almost double the thickness - was shiny with sweat and precum. His pubic hair was long and matted and his big egg-sized balls were extremely hairy. He rubbed his uncut native black cock on my wife's half parted mouth. He waited to see her reaction and when none appeared, he squeezed the base of his fat cock and dribbled a long never ending string of clear salty precum inside her mouth. I saw fascinatedly as this stranger, a blue collar native window cleaner dripped precum from his dirty black monster cock into my hygiene-freak wife's unaware mouth. 
My cock expanded some more.

Now, he forced the head of his black cock in my sleeping wife's mouth. Slowly inch by inch he pushed inside, till all seven inches were embedded inside. I could see the shape of his cock head clearly from her throat and wondered if she would wake up. But my wife is an expert cocksucker and loves to deep throat me. And even in her dazed sleep, she was controlling her breathing to let him fuck her mouth. Seeing this happen the window cleaner started fucking her mouth earnestly.

The old man had also revealed his cock. To start with it looked rather ugly - it was not black like the rest of his body but a dirty gray colour and the patches of white public hair made it look like a miniature of the old man himself. But its sight was compensated (did I say compensated?) by its immense size. It was almost a foot long and about five inches thick. Once he pulled his foreskin back, the ridges around his cock head - also a dirty gray colour with some white patches - extended like a giant mushroom. He was half hard and started pulling his cock with his bony hands to firm it up. In few minutes, his gigantic cock was shining with his spit and precum and he was squatting above my wife - both his legs on either side of my wife's body. Slowly he descended on her and scraped his spatula of a cock on her tender pussy lips. Since his cock was still not rock hard, he squeezed the fat base of his cock to make the cock head hard and then entered my sweet wife's sick pussy.

There was a weird sound. The old man had let out an involuntary and loud fart (probably exerting too much pressure), the other two laughed at him but didn't stop the mauling of my wife's mouth with one cock and her breast with two hands. Old man didn't react at all. He concentrated in pushing his cock inside my wife's pussy slowly and within minutes, he was all in. I was surprised that my wife, who often complained that my seven-incher was painful, had taken his cock without a flinch.

Then started a fuck-a-marathon. The three men started playing musical chairs - to my amusement and my cock's recreation - one would fuck her pussy for a few minutes and one would pound her mouth and the third one would maul her boobs (the old man only rubbed his slimy cock on her breasts leaving trails of his slimy precum.

Then, the three of them stopped dead in their tracks. After a few seconds I heard it too. Someone was shouting loudly from the ground floor, shouting in Singhalese and calling out three names one after other. The old man said something to one of them who went out, peeked down and said something which stopped the shouting. But when he came back, they looked like in a hurry. The old man stopped everything else and started fucking my wife's pussy like a man in frenzy. He dumped almost a gallon of sperm inside her and gave way to the other two, who too added their bountiful Sri Lankan cum to their older friend and within two minutes they were out of our room and then balcony - leaving my wife in a terrible and spermy mess.

I came out, my cock painful from such a long hard-on. Then I lay down between my wife's legs and sniffed at the present that the three native black Sri Lankans had left for me. Hopefully none of their sperms was mating with my wife's egg at that very moment. The thought crazed me to somehow stop the sperm and egg mating and all I could think was to suck their combined man juice out of her pussy and then I dived head long and slurped all their tasty cum out with my mouth. 