It had been hard to “play” lately, with all that was lingering on Tina’s mind, regarding her relationship with Mike and how it was affecting her life. Mike had noticed this, of course, but it took him days to finally ask. “Miss Tina, are you alright?” he asked her softly, when she arrived home from school one afternoon. “I couldn’t help notice that things have been, um, quiet lately.”

Tina had to giggle at this, a little. “Is someone horny Mike?” she asked gently, leaning forward and gripping his cheek, giving him a gentle kiss.

He blushed instantly, and god, he had the cutest blush in the world. “No, I just…”

“It’s okay,” she said softly. “I’ve just had a lot on my mind. I actually got you a present today, you know that?”

He looked curious at that. She had indeed bought a present for Mike that weekend, when she was out, but had been too depressed to play with it. Ever since the moment Mike had entered her life, Tina was learning what gave her pleasure in bed and what pleased Mike. She found out that Mike was a bit of a masochist and liked pain and sensation; she had found that he liked being dominated and that anal play was very, very good. As for herself, Tina found out that she liked dominating, she liked leaving marks and one she hadn’t tried yet – she had a clothing fetish and she wanted to dress Mike up in her clothes.

She opened up her dresser drawer and took out the outfit, a black corset with soft purple lace designs and matching panties. Tina, being Tina, she had paired it up with a black cross necklace and pretty cuffs with purple lace bows. Mike raised an eyebrow at her as she showed it off. “What?” she asked, chuckling. “Don’t you think you’d make a lovely little girl? I do. You liked being my little girl in bed the other day, letting me fuck you.”

She mumbled the last words low, watching Mike. Oh yes, he wanted it.

“Go get changed,” she said in as much of a husky, sexy voice as she could muster. “I have to finish up some homework.”

She then went to finish her homework, leaving Mike to do his best.

Tina sat down at her desk, doing her algebra, but she could not think on it too much. Instead she started sketching words along the margins of her paper.

Mike.
My girl.
Mine.

She was definitely not going to focus. “Mike, how are you doing?” she called, giggling and finally giving up. She had to see.

Mike was the cutest thing in the whole wide world. He was staring at himself in the mirror, wearing the corset and panties and working at lacing it up, leaning up on the bathroom counter. Tina could not resist. She batted his hands away and finished up the laces herself, smirking softly. She picked up the necklace and put it around his neck, smiling.

“Perfect,” she said adoringly. She then fastened on the cuffs. “You are adorable. I want to do your makeup.”

Okay, so maybe getting the dominant feeling of owning her boy would have to wait.

She reached below the sink to pull out an elaborate makeup box, and pushed Mike down to sit on the toilet seat. He did so quickly, obediently. He was such a good boy. Tina brushed his hair back, out of his face and then picked out dark colored eyeliner that had never been used. She applied it carefully and Mike didn’t move an inch. “Okay now close your eyes for a second,” she said, finishing and then adding a purple colored eye shadow.

“Open.”

He did. It was perfect. “Brings out your eyes, they’re pretty,” Tina said.

She did his lip gloss then, a soft, clear gloss.

Mike was giving her a look that said, “Will you just get me off already?” and it made her laugh. He was so cute that she couldn’t resist him. “Be patient,” she said, before turning him to look directly into the mirror. “Look at the pretty.”

Mike looked at himself in the mirror. He didn’t look like a girl or anything, he was all man, but he looked like a hot drag queen, at least. She ran her hand over his fabric covered abs, laughing. “This is just so freaking hot,” she said.

“Now, please?” he asked.

"Fine," she said.

Carefully, Tina led Mike back to the bedroom. He was walking very delicately, slowly. He seemed to be getting into the persona of his clothes. “You know,” she admitted, running a hand down his chest, “that when I was a little girl, I used to play dress up a lot. I never imagined I would have such a beautiful dollie to play with when I got older. Do we want to use the strap-on again tonight?”

Yes, she was asking Mike. She got off on dominance, but she wanted to honestly know what pleased him, since he did something so nice for her. She liked it better when she had the upper hand but he was human too.

“Yes please,” he said, and the please was so raw and convincing that Tina could only oblige him with that one.

"Such a pretty girl I can't deny," she said.

It was completely playful and Tina could not help lean down and pull Mike into a desperate kiss. She went off to the drawer to get her favorite toy, and then went to the bathroom to put it on. She left Mike standing there, vulnerable and looking very much confused.

It was so freaking hot.

Tina came back with the thing under her clothes, feeling it would add to the genuine nature of what they were doing. She looked Mike over, and laughed. “C’mere,” she said, before pushing Mike into a deep, slow kiss. He kissed her back eagerly, deepening it the best that he could. She ran her hand across his cheek and then dragged him back to the bed, laying him down and spreading his legs.

She groped him through the panties, feeling his arousal, tracing the outline of his erection through the soft fabric. “God, I think I may have bought the panties too small,” she chuckled, slipping them down just a little bit, so she could feel him, and then all the way down to his thighs.

“Ooh, you’re a little bound up there,” she said, leaning against him and kissing him.

She took off her skirt, revealing the black dildo hanging between her thighs. Mike glanced at it, but only for a second, then his eyes were on hers again. She slipped the panties down lower, because she needed to spread his legs all the way. He kicked them off, expertly. She loved the way he moved, gracefully, naturally.

She grabbed the bottle of lube and took no time whatsoever in preparing him this time. She wasn't as nervous this time, now that she knew what it felt like to be buried in Mike. She stroked him while she fingered him, the simultaneous actions making him thrash around.

"Don't you dare come," she warned. "Not until I'm inside of you."

She pressed the tip of the dildo against his opening, other hand on his hip. She stroked the boy's hipbone lightly. "Legs around me," she said softly and instantly, Mike put his legs around her.

"Good boy," she said moving in, slowly.

It took a minute for him to take it, but he breathed deep and slowly, she moved inside of him.

"My girl," she breathed, giggling, the crossdressing really getting to her. "My girl, you are so perfect..."

She thrust slowly, rocking experimentally as the edge of the strap on stimulated her as well. Not that she wasn't already turned on to the extreme, a cross-dressed Mike underneath her.

He moaned and groaned, gasping.

The small gasps were masculine and feminine at the same time. She wanted more. She stroked him off while she thrust into him. She kept her eyes open, despite the friction that was making them slip closed. She wanted to see him come.

He came hard, body rocking and spurting between them. He messed the clothes she bought, but she couldn't care less.

"I love you," she mumbled desperately and oh fuck, she meant it.