This story contains mature content and is intended for the exclusive use of consenting ADULTS ONLY. If you can be offended by pornographic descriptions, or if you are a minor,Under the age of 18, it is illegal and forbidden to view, download, access or acquire this file by any means.
                           Please go do something else.
This material is Copyright, 2009  by cookiesncream925.  All rights reserved.  I specifically grant the right of downloading and keeping ONE electronic copy for your personal, non commercial use and reading so long as this notice is included.  Reposting requires previous permission and is only allowed IN ITS ENTIRETY, including this copyright notice. Any other use is illegal without the prior written consent of the author.

All persons here depicted, except public figures depicted as public figures in the background, are figments of my imagination and any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

Halloween Treats

Chapter 2

I entered the maze and followed it around just as I was about to turn the last corner, I got a glimpse of her from the fluorescent glow of the decoration,  she was still bent over and strapped in, but now a male figure loomed over her and was pumping his cock in and out of her mouth.  As I moved closer to get a better look, I felt the first drop of dew on my own cleft.  Here she was, bent and restrained and not exactly my favorite person, being fed a cock that most certainly wasn't her husband's and there was little she could do but just take it.  "Served the frigid bitch right", I thought to myself.
I was just a step away when I heard her say "help me" before he jammed his cock back down her throat.  Then I saw what I'm sure had been the cause of her earlier pleadings.  Sasquatch had both of his arms extended through the plastic and was holding her by the hips as he drove his cock into her from behind. I reached out to fondle the balls of the guy in her mouth and was shocked to see who was in her mouth.  He simply said "bout time someone teaches the wench and few things, don't you agree?".  I was frozen, here was an old friend, frigid or otherwise, getting fed probably more cock than she had ever had, by one of her husband's best friends.  Yeah she deserved it, I thought.  Wondering, I looked over at what seemed to be sasquatch plowing away at her when I saw his cock, or didn't see his cock.  This thing was huge, easily 14 or 16"" long and nearly as thick as a soda can. It looked like a strap-on or extension.  He was going after her cunt like the pistons on a locomotive.  
Feeling a little faint of heart as well as realizing that while standing there I had started rubbing myself, I exited the maze and went to confront sasquatch.  I was pissed, how dare he come into my house especially, when it was full of kids and the fuck one of my friends.  As I got to where he was standing, I drew up my fist to really let him have it.  I pulled back the plastic and just before I hit him, I realized that it wasn't sasquatch, it was her pathetic little-dicked husband driving into her with that strap-on. As I connected with his ear, he screamed pulled away, fell and passed out on the floor.
In the commotion, her oral friend came running out as he zipped himself up. I went back around unstrapped her and helped her to her wobbly feet.  I asked her if she was alright and she said that short of being a little sore, it was the best sex she had had in years.
I asked her what she wanted to do and before I could finish, I saw the revenge in her eyes as she said "lets put him on the rack and see how he likes it!"  I was confused for a moment but then understood her underlying depravity.  
Her oral friend helped us pick him up, carry him in and strap him into the rack.  What really surprised us both is when he went around and stripped her husband's body to his ankles.  She took her wenches wig off, stuck it on his head and in the minimal light he looked like a little "girly-boy".  None the wiser we left him there and went back to the party.
