


*****************************************************************

Title:       The Visitor, Part 4
Story Codes: MF, rom, magic
Author:      Christian Alan
Summary:     A young man's summer vacation is unexpectedly
	     transformed into a weird and wonderful encounter
	     with the supernatural. 	

*****************************************************************


Part Four: Unexpected Guests


It was nearly dark by the time they got back home. Chaz
dismounted and quickly caught Kehanee in his arms as she began to
fall from the horse. She was still unconscious, her skin hot and
dry. He took a worried glace at her face and started for the
front door, intent on finding some way to help her.

Except the door wasn't where it was supposed to be. It was lying
out in the front yard, its hinges splintered and torn from the
wood. Chaz looked apprehensively at the darkened house. A lick of
lightning briefly illuminated the scene, revealing rows of ragged
scratches around the vacant door frame. They looked disturbingly
like claw marks.

Lightning flashed again and Chaz shuddered. He had a bad feeling
about this. In the stormy half-light his uncle's house suddenly
looked like something right out of a horror movie.

"Fuck that." Chaz immediately turned to carry his precious burden
to the barn instead, but he stopped as a new thought entered his
head. Suppose whatever it was had broken out, not in? What if it
was still wandering around out here? He stood frozen for a moment
in the deepening gloom, feeling horribly exposed as he imagined
some hidden threat lurking in every shadow. Where the hell was
his uncle? Kehanee was getting heavy in his arms and he knew he
had to do something before she burned up.

"I'm already looking back on this and regretting it," Chaz
muttered as he started back to the house.

The interior was nearly pitch dark and he set Kehanee down on the
living room couch just long enough to flip the light switch.
Nothing happened. The power was out. Chaz slumped heavily against
the wall, raised his head and mouthed a plaintive why before
taking her up again and heading upstairs.

The hallway was a mess. Someone--or something--had had knocked
down all the picture frames and smashed them, scratching deep
gouges in the walls as it did. He carried Kehanee into the
bathroom and set her down in the tub before hastily shutting and
locking the door. At least the bathroom seemed to have escaped
destruction.

Chaz turned the cold water tap and watched as the tub began to
fill. It was almost too dark to see; the only source of light was
the deep gray gloom coming in through the narrow window above. He
fumbled around in the darkness until he found a washcloth, and
after wetting it in the cool water he laid it gently over
Kehanee's forehead. A board creaked somewhere in the house and he
started, nearly falling into the tub himself. He didn't want to
leave her alone, but he also didn't think he could keep it
together without some kind of light.

He opened the bathroom door and peeked cautiously out into the
hall. It looked clear. Then a dim flash of lightning illuminated
the floor and showed him something he'd rather not have seen.
Leading out from his room and down the hall were a set of damp
footprints. They definitely weren't human--at least no human
being he knew had hooks or claws instead of toes. Apparently
something else had fallen through the spirit portal over his bed.
And ohshitohshitohshit, what if it was invisible too? Chaz
shivered in helpless terror. An invisible girl he could handle.
An invisible monster was asking way too much.

Chaz shut the door again and listened, his pulse jack-hammering
away in his ears. There was a low rumble of thunder, followed by
silence. He returned to the tub and shut off the tap. Kehanee was
half covered in cool water, her head resting safely up against
the back of the tub. Her skin didn't feel as hot and her
breathing seemed to have slowed a little.

Encouraged, he took a deep breath of his own and slipped out the
door. Instead of creeping around slowly and waiting to be killed
like people do in horror movies, Chaz ran with all the speed his
adrenalin-pumping body could muster, barreling blindly into his
room and tearing open the dresser drawer that held his
flashlight. Activating it, he searched out some candles and
matches and ran back to the bathroom, slamming and locking the
door behind him.

Elapsed time: fifteen seconds. And he was still alive.

Flushed with success, he lit a few candles and sat on the edge of
the tub, staring at the newly visible beauty who lay within.
Everything about her was breathtaking, from her long black
eyelashes and full, sensuous lips right down to her perfect
little toes. The fact that he'd actually had sex with her on
several occasions now seemed unreal, like a dream. He began to
absently rub her bare feet, deciding that he wouldn't mind just
sitting and looking at her forever.

Then with a low groan her eyes fluttered open. Kehanee sat up
blinking, and as her soft brown eyes focused on him she broke
into such a broad smile that Chaz felt like he was going to
explode from sheer joy. Then her eyes flicked to something over
his shoulder, and just as quickly her expression changed to one
of complete horror.

The skin on his back started to crawl. I'm not gonna look, he
told himself with surprising calmness. That's always the worst
thing to do. Instead he tightened up and swung around fiercely,
hooking an elbow as hard as he could into whatever might be
lurking behind him.

He hit something, something he couldn't see. There was a
surprised hiss, then an inhuman shriek. The candles spilled to
the floor and went out. With a shriek of his own, Chaz jumped
into the tub and slammed the shower door shut.

It must have followed me in when I went to my room, he thought as
the doors began to shudder and rattle violently against his
hands. Either that or it was in here the whole time...

Chaz was suddenly glad that he was standing in water. That way if
he wet himself he could pretend he'd just gotten splashed. Then
terror and the screeching of claws on glass drowned out all
rational thought. He held tight to his door; Kehanee was holding
the other, looking wide-eyed and just as frightened as he was.
The shower doors rattled and jumped as the thing tried to get in.
Thankfully his uncle had installed a solid brass frame instead of
a cheap aluminum one, but he knew that it wouldn't keep the thing
out for long. They were pretty much screwed.

Then the loud blaring honk of a car horn sounded from outside.
His uncle! Finally! Chaz wanted to scream with elation as the
battering abruptly ceased. There was a chittering growl and the
bathroom door flew open, followed by the hasty scratching sounds
of footsteps going down the stairs.

Chaz went to the window and shouted a warning.

"Watch out!" He called "There's something in here! An invisible
monster! It's heading downstairs!"

"Chaz?" His uncle's voice shouted back. "Stay there!"

He heard voices speaking quickly below, and he prayed that his
uncle had brought reinforcements. Chaz suddenly felt a pair of
damp arms slip around him and hold on tightly. He took Kehanee's
hand and kissed it nervously before going to brace the bathroom
door with his body in case the thing came back. Then he heard
shouting from downstairs and the loud report of a gunshot. A
moment later his uncle's voice sounded from the stairs.

"Come down! It's safe enough, at least for the moment."

Chaz came out, guiding Kehanee by the hand out of pure habit.
They arrived downstairs just as his uncle finished lighting a
lamp. He looked over just as Kehanee stepped down, and Chaz
thought it was all almost worth it to see a look of surprise on
his uncle's face for once.

"Well well," his uncle said, quickly falling back into his usual
calm demeanor. "It seems a lot happened while I was away." He
went up to Kehanee and extended his hand. "Hello again, my dear!
At least now we can be introduced face to face."

Kehanee smiled shyly and shook his hand. "Hel-lo," she said,
almost perfectly.

Then it was Chaz's turn to by surprised as a huge Native American
man loomed up behind his uncle, resting an equally large shotgun
over one massive shoulder. He was wearing jeans and a leather
vest and didn't look too much older than Chaz, though he was a
full head taller and probably outweighed him by a hundred pounds.
The man looked at Chaz appraisingly for a moment, then grunted.

"Ah," his uncle began. "And this is Jonas Little Bear. His family
and ours have quite a history, going all the way back to your
great-grandfather."

"Howdy," the big man said, nodding.

"Hi," Chaz and Kehanee echoed almost simultaneously.

Little Bear studied Kehanee for a moment, rubbing his chin
thoughtfully. "Looks like one problem got fixed already. But now
there's a worse problem running around, huh?"

Chaz told him everything that happened, including the fact that
Kehanee seemed able to see the thing when he couldn't. Little
Bear grunted in acknowledgment and turned to her.

"Eketa ano he?" He asked.

Kehanee brightened and answered him in a quick rattle of words
that Chaz couldn't even begin to follow. But from the emphatic
way she kept miming huge teeth and claws, it didn't look too
encouraging. When she finished, Little Bear spoke.

"She is still of the other world and can see its people as
shadows. She says what she saw is a Caocoro, the Beast Of Many
Faces. It is like our skinwalker...like a werewolf, but it can
appear as a combination of many animals or it can pose as a
single kind. A really bad dude."

"What does it want?" Chaz asked, not really sure he wanted to
know.

"Food, and sport. It probably won't go too far...should expect it
to come back sooner or later."

"Well, shit." Chaz sighed. His uncle hurried off to his room and
returned with a rifle. Chaz had half expected him to come out
dressed like a samurai, complete with swords.

Little Bear nodded. "We should get started on fixing the door and
making this place more safe. But first a quick look at her." He
went up to Kehanee and felt her forehead and hands, even looked
in her mouth. Kehanee seemed to trust him completely. Little Bear
said something to Chaz's uncle and nodded again.

"She'll be fine, Chaz," his uncle assured. "She may turn
invisible again, but another dose of lightning should fix it."

Chaz stared at him, questioning his sanity. "More lightning? She
almost died!"

His uncle only smiled. "Back where she comes from her people play
with it like a toy. Remember the legend of the storm spirits? I
think what hurt her was the shock of being brought further into
our world."

Chaz still had doubts, but he remained silent. There were more
pressing things to worry about at the moment, like being a snack
for invisible shape-changing monsters.

He started tidying up while his uncle and Little Bear repaired
and reinforced the front door, lining it with various charms and
symbols while Kehanee stood watch at the window. Chaz found it
hard not to stare at her. Once she caught him looking and smiled
warmly as she smoothed a strand of dark hair away from her face.
Chaz blushed and felt suddenly braver. Her smile was worth all
the monsters and insanity in the world.

* * *

A few hours later they were all sitting around the fireplace.
Little Bear stayed near the door, his gun leaning beside his
chair as he gazed into the flames. Chaz and Kehanee rested close
together on the couch with their hands entwined while Uncle Rob
sat quietly smoking his pipe. The only sounds were the occasional
pop and crack of the burning logs and the occasional distant boom
of thunder.

Chaz was exhausted. It had been a long day. The doors and windows
were about as secure as they were going to get, and both his
uncle and Little Bear had promised to stand watch all night in
case the thing came back. At his request they'd also temporarily
boarded up the door to his room. The storm wasn't over yet, and
Chaz didn't want to take the chance of something else coming
through the trap or portal or whatever and getting loose in the
house. His life was exciting enough as it was.

Kehanee snuggled up against him and their eyes met. Chaz smiled.
Kehanee returned it and hugged his arm tighter. He just couldn't
get over how damn cool it was being able to finally see her, but
at the same time it made him feel strangely shy.

He played with her hair for a moment while he gathered up the
courage to move in for a kiss. She met him halfway, with both of
them seeming hesitant and awkward as they came together. It was
almost like they were starting over. Chaz kept his eyes open and
at first so did she, her soft brown eyes slowly closing as the
kiss became more certain, more heated, her lips sealing over his
as their their tongues slowly met and circled.

The moment was broken as Uncle Rob suddenly cleared his throat.
They broke apart, both of them blushing. Things had gotten so
intense that for a moment Chaz forgot that they weren't alone. He
grinned sheepishly at his uncle, who only rolled his eyes and
returned to smoking his pipe. Little Bear was still staring
fixedly into the fire like he was in some kind of trance.

Chaz gave Kehanee another quick kiss and reclined on the couch,
her head immediately coming to rest on his shoulder as she
nestled in against him. He pulled a blanket over them, put his
arms around her and soon drifted off to sleep, hoping that
tomorrow everything would start getting back to normal. Or
relatively normal, anyway.

The morning arrived with no further calamities. The sky was blue
and clear, and the terrors of the previous night seemed far away.
Chaz spent the morning with his uncle and Little Bear, searching
the area for any signs of the Caocoro. They discovered tracks
which led off through the fields toward the same hill where he
Kehanee had been the day before. The tracks vanished among the
rocks and Chaz wondered if it too had become visible or possibly
even returned to wherever it'd come from.

The trail cold, they returned to the house. Kehanee greeted him
with a firm hug.

"Mahu na," she said smiling warmly as she looked into his eyes.
"Sen oh hatu na." Chaz felt his own face warming as she gave him
another squeeze and slowly let go. Well, seeing her definitely
wasn't a problem anymore. Now if he could only understand her
better...

He felt like an idiot as he suddenly remembered that there was an
interpreter standing not ten feet away. He turned to Little Bear
and grinned foolishly.

"She says she's very pleased you came back." The big man
explained.

"Oh," Chaz responded. "How do I say 'thank you'?"

"Enuho ah."

Chaz turned back to Kehanee and repeated it. She giggled and
touched her fingers to his lips. Something about the gesture
reminded him of the words she'd said the previous day just before
they'd made love on the hill.

She mimed washing herself off and headed upstairs, presumably to
the shower. Chaz resisted the urge to follow and instead went
over to where Little Bear was checking the sturdiness of the
rebuilt front door.

"She said something else to me yesterday right before she, uh,
became visible," Chaz began, feeling suddenly embarrassed to even
be asking. What if it was something highly personal, or even
dirty?

Little Bear watched him impassively until he finally made up his
mind.

"It was Hakah-something, hakah oh na, maybe? Does that make any
sense?"

The big Native American merely grunted and resumed his inspection
of the door. "It means two things, 'I belong to you,' and 'you
belong to me.' Very strong, like love."

Chaz looked upstairs, his grin returning. He suddenly felt
lightheaded. She loved him? If so, that was the best news he'd
gotten in... well, his entire life. He was just starting up the
steps with exciting thoughts of joining her in the shower when
his uncle called for him.

"Chaz, check on the horses, will you? They had quite a scare last
night too, you know."

Reluctantly he obeyed, forcing the thoughts of Kehanee's naked,
wet body out of his mind as he headed outside to the barn. The
horses were still a little skittish, but they seemed to relax
somewhat as Chaz fed and watered them.

He was just finishing up when he heard a quiet creak from the
loft above. The horses whinnied nervously and Chaz was suddenly
afraid. Then to his relief he saw Kehanee's head poke down, her
long black hair dangling as she grinned and beckoned him to come
up. Wondering what she was doing there, he climbed the ladder and
joined her.

The loft was strewn with old hay bales and illuminated by streams
of sunlight that filtered in through gaps in the roof. Kehanee
was laying stretched out on a pile of hay, waiting for him,
wearing nothing but a seductive smile. Chaz swallowed hard. Damn,
she was gorgeous. He went over and sat beside her, suddenly
feeling awkward. Kehanee apparently felt no such shyness,
however, as she quickly grabbed him and pulled his mouth to hers,
sucking on his lips and even biting them in a fierce, almost
ravenous kiss. He returned the kiss as best he could, wondering
what had gotten into her. She'd been aggressive before, but never
quite like this. Then he decided that he didn't care as she
pushed him over and climbed on top of him, rubbing her soft, firm
tits in his face as she fumbled with his pants.

He opened his mouth and one of her nipples popped in between his
lips, round and stiff. Chaz suckled on it distractedly as she
almost ripped his fly open to get at his dick. Her skin felt
unusually warm under his hands as he grabbed her by the hips and
pulled her in tighter. He hoped she wasn't getting sick again,
but they could worry about that later. Right now he was too
turned on to care much about anything.

At last Kehanee freed his cock and immediately sat back on it,
taking it roughly into her tight, yielding pussy as Chaz groaned
underneath her. The heat of her fleshy tunnel closed in around
him, her insides almost burning him as he slid further and
further in. Finally she came to rest with her ass pressed firmly
against his balls, his cock deeply buried. Then her pussy seemed
to quiver around his cock as she gave a hissing gasp and began
shuddering in what looked to him like a rather strong, rather
sudden orgasm.

Chaz smiled, feeling like a total stud. The feeling quickly
vanished when he heard a familiar voice calling up from below.

"Chas?" It sounded like Kehanee. But that wasn't possible...

The next thing he knew there was a hand over his mouth. Looking
more angry than scared, Kehanee leaned over him and pressed a
finger to her lips, indicating that he be quiet. Confused, Chaz
nodded. He had a growing sense that something was terribly,
terribly wrong.

The feeling intensified as Kehanee began to move her hips,
raising and then dropping herself on his cock with slow, steady
movements as she continued to cover his mouth with her hand. It
felt good. Really good. But things just weren't adding up.

Gathering his resolve, Chaz gave a quick, sudden heave, pushing
Kehanee--or whatever it was--off him. The naked girl rolled in
the hay and came up in a crouch, hissing, her eyes flashing green
like a cat's. She looked almost feral.

Oh hell.

"Kehanee!" He shouted, taking a step back. "I'm up here!"

A moment later she appeared on the ladder, her smile melting when
she saw who else was up there with him. Chaz glanced between
them, seeing one Kehanee clothed in a slightly baggy yellow dress
and sun hat that had probably belonged to his grandmother, and
the other who still crouched in the hay, naked, her skin
glistening with sex sweat. Except for the glittering eyes, they
looked identical. Chaz felt like he was losing his mind.

Kehanee--the one wearing clothes--quickly grabbed him by the arm
and started pulling him back down the ladder.

"Caocoro!" She shouted angrily. Chaz didn't know if it was
directed at him or the creature. "Bad!"

The naked thing growled and crouched lower like it was getting
ready to spring, but instead it only grinned wolfishly and blew
him a kiss. He shuddered as he followed Kehanee down the ladder.
They hurried outside, with Chaz starting off toward the house
with the vague idea of getting help. He felt faint. He'd just
fucked, or rather, been fucked by some kind of shape-shifting
monster, maybe only been seconds away from being torn apart and
eaten. Why hadn't anyone told him that it could turn into people?
He felt slimy and in need of a very hot, very long shower.

He hadn't gotten far when his forward progress was halted by an
insistent hand on his arm. Kehanee pulled him around to face her,
looking rather upset as she pointed to his rumpled clothes and
undone fly. Chaz buttoned everything back up, unsure of how to
explain himself.

"Sorry," he muttered, feeling miserable. "I... I thought she was
you." Even if Kehanee didn't understand all the words, she
definitely understood his tone. He saw the hurt in her eyes and
reached for her hand, but she yanked it away and turned her back
to him. Then Chaz watched in disbelief as Kehanee grabbed a loose
board, took off her sun hat, and headed back toward the barn
seeming intent on violence.

"Kehanee!" He started after her but retreated when the board
swished through the air only a few inches from his head. Okay,
she was pissed. Understandable. But that didn't mean she should
go get herself hurt, or even killed.

He'd seen the way the thing had torn up the house and ripped the
door right off its hinges. It was strong, and from everything
that Little Bear had said, dangerous. For some reason it hadn't
outright attacked him, but that didn't make Chaz feel any better.

"Kehanee! Stop!" He went for her again, ducking and tackling her
when she raised the board to swing.

"No!" She cried angrily as he wrestled the board away and hauled
her up across his shoulders. "No like!"

"I don't like it either," Chaz responded, feeling shitty as he
carried her back to the house. After a few moments she stopped
struggling and hugged her arms around him instead.

Once at the house Chaz told his uncle and Little Bear a PG-13
version of what had just happened. Alarmed, they set off at once
to inspect the barn, leaving Chaz to hold the fort until they
came back. Kehanee had calmed down but she still wasn't speaking
to him. He could understand why she was mad. Hell, he'd probably
feel much the same way if the situation was reversed. But it
wasn't entirely his fault. He'd basically been date-raped by a
supernatural creature posing as her. How could you really defend
against something like that?

And the morning had started off so good, too.

* * *

The two searchers returned a short time later to report that the
Caocoro was nowhere to be found.

"At least we know its visible," his uncle said, looking grim.
"But unfortunately that doesn't help us much. It can disguise
itself as anything or anyone. We must be especially careful now,
and never go off alone."

Chaz almost jumped as his uncle came up and unexpectedly put a
hand on his shoulder.

"I shouldn't have sent you out by yourself. That was foolish of
me. I'm just glad the Caocoro didn't hurt you."

There was a knowing look in his uncle's eyes that made Chaz
uncomfortable. The man was far from clueless and it probably
wasn't too hard to guess the parts of the story that Chaz had
left out, especially with Kehanee now giving him the cold
shoulder.

"W-well," he stammered, eager to change the subject. "What should
we do now?"

"We should wait. It came back once, it will likely do so again."
His uncle answered.

"And we should arm ourselves," Little Bear added, hefting his
shotgun meaningfully. "All of us."

* * *

Chaz watched as Kehanee drew and took aim, then sent a steel
hunting arrow thudding nearly dead center into the straw target.
He couldn't help but wince at the thought that she would likely
prefer using him for target practice after the unfortunate events
of earlier that day. Still, he was impressed by her skill. She'd
refused the guns his uncle had offered her, seeming to like
nothing about them. Then he'd procured an old hunting bow from
somewhere and Kehanee's face had lit up for the first time since
that morning.

Another arrow twanged and thunked. Chaz sighed. At least she was
working out her aggressions on the target and not on him. He'd
had about all the excitement he could handle for one day. Or one
lifetime. Besides his mental scars, his shoulder still ached from
practicing with the old lever-action rifle his uncle had
provided. Besides kicking like a mule and looking like something
right out of an old western, Chaz had discovered that he wasn't a
very good shot. He could likely hit the broad side of a barn if
properly inspired, but he hoped he'd never have to.

The sun was starting to set so they packed up and headed back to
the house. Chaz retreated into the downstairs bathroom to shower
as Kehanee headed upstairs for the same reason. She still wasn't
talking to him. He stuck his head under the spray and wondered
what he could do to fix things.

Surprisingly it was gruff, laconic Little Bear who came to his
rescue, pulling Chaz aside just before dinner and handing him a
few sheets of notebook paper before leaving without a word. Chaz
quickly saw that the pages were full of translations, a sort of
primer on how to speak Kehanee-ese. Jubilant, Chaz immediately
began to practice, even skipping dinner with the excuse of an
upset stomach so he would have more time.

A few hours later he was standing in the hall outside Kehanee's
room...or at least the guest room that she was staying in while
his was still boarded up. Chaz raised his hand to knock on the
door, then hesitated. He felt as nervous as he'd been on his
first date. He really, really wanted this to work. Kehanee had
very literally fallen into his life for a reason. It was weird.
It was magical. And he loved her more than he could fully
express, in any language.

He knocked, wondering if she would even answer.

"Ekah?" Came the muffled voice from the other side of the door.

"Its Chaz," he responded. "I want to talk." He closed his eyes
and thought hard. What was the word for talk? "Keho na," he added
haltingly, hoping that he had it right.

There was a short pause, then the door opened. Kehanee stood
there, looking tired but beautiful in a set of deep blue silk
pajamas that were at least three sizes too big for her.

"Can I come in?"

She nodded and stepped aside, closing the door as soon as he was
through. She looked puzzled as Chaz immediately got down on his
knees in front of her.

"Sen ah oh nakah," he began. You are everything. "Na kah hu
ah..." I want only you...

There was more, but Kehanee stopped him by touching first her
fingers to his lips, and then her mouth, kissing him deeply and
tenderly as she knelt down and joined him. He pulled her close,
savoring her scent and the soft warmth of her body.

They kissed for a long time. Finally Kehanee broke it, resting
her forehead against his.

"Sen oh ah nakah," she corrected gently.

"Sen oh ah nakah." Chaz repeated, rising and pulling her to her
feet. Her oversized pj top had slid down somewhat and he began
kissing at the exposed skin, starting at her neck then moving
down along her shoulder to her upper chest just above the gentle
swell of her left breast. Kehanee leaned into him, responding to
his touch as she slipped her fingers behind his head and ran them
lightly through his hair.

"Kah na vona ah," Chaz said between kisses, looking up at her
face. I want to make love to you. She smiled shyly, her eyes
sparkling as the color on her cheeks rose. It seemed he'd gotten
that part right, at least.

A moment later he was lowering her onto the bed. He kissed her
forehead, her eyelids, her cheeks, her nose. Her warm lips met
his, the tip of her tongue gently seeking his mouth. Chaz lay
partly on top of her, his stiff erection brushing her thigh as
they kissed soulfully, their arms and bodies entwined.

Chaz began undressing her slowly, relishing the sight of her. The
real her. Kehanee's skin was flushed and flawless. Her chest rose
and fell with her breathing, her round tits seeming to push
themselves at his hands as he slowly caressed them, feeling her
nipples quickly harden into firm points. He traced his fingers
down over her smooth stomach and over the flaring curve of her
hip, seeming unable to keep his hands off her.

Kehanee gasped as his fingertips brushed through the soft, sparse
patch of hair between her legs, then moaned quietly as his hand
slipped down to cup her mound, gently exploring the delicate,
petal-like lips that were already swollen and wet. Unable to
control himself any longer, Chaz dove down and buried his face in
her dark pubes, kissing her all over. Her scent was maddening.
Enticing. Irresistible.

He moved downward, mouthing the dewy, salty-sweet lips of her
pussy as she gasped and clutched at the bedsheets. He devoured
her, drawing his tongue over her warm, slick folds, licking long
and slow as her body shuddered and her hips rose, pushing herself
at his mouth. Her responses thrilled him beyond belief. Chaz
would have happily spent all night licking and sucking her, but
his relentlessly throbbing dick had other ideas.

Chaz sat up and hurriedly began taking off of his shirt and
pants. Kehanee sat up with him, her hands encircling his waist as
she began raining kisses all over his exposed chest. He gently
took her chin in his hand and pulled her to his mouth, sucking
heatedly on her velvety lips and nimble tongue as he lowered her
once more to the bed.

They broke the kiss and looked down, both of them watching
anxiously as he brought his cock to her glistening pussy and
pushed in with one slow, smooth thrust. Kehanee groaned sharply
and clutched at his shoulders. He could feel her tensing up
around him, her muscles gradually relaxing and opening as he slid
deeper in. Finally he hit bottom, his entire length firmly
embedded in the squeezing clutches of her tight little pussy.

Oh God. It felt too perfect for words. They looked each other in
the eye as Chaz began to move, thrusting with an ever increasing
tempo. Kehanee swung her legs out wide as if wanting him even
deeper, and he caught her ankles and pushed them upward until she
was bent almost double with her calves resting on his shoulders.
He kissed her, fucked her, made love to her. He watched her
beautiful face as her body contorted in pleasure, her lips
parting in breathy gasps and moans.

Chaz drank in every detail, savoring every moment so that he
could remember it forever. He never wanted the moment to end, but
as their bodies came together faster and faster he felt the
rushing surge of his orgasm and surrendered to it, cumming deep
inside her with a groan of sheer ecstasy. At the same moment
Kehanee's fingers dug into his upper arms, gripping him tightly
as she responded with a violent, shuddering climax of her own.

He collapsed on top of her, breathless. His mind was literally
blown. Best. Sex. Ever. Kehanee lay limply underneath him,
gasping, her body still quaking with tiny orgasmic aftershocks
that he could feel all along the length of his slowly softening
cock. Finally they curled up together and drifted off to sleep,
with Chaz feeling happier than he ever had in his life.

It seemed he was forgiven. He guessed he owed Little Bear. Big
time.




*****************************************************************

Comments Welcome.

christian562@gmail.com

More at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Christian_Alan/www/

*****************************************************************




