Doctor Helga Hyde: The Humiliation Doctor
by Humilatron 

Doctor Hyde - Chapter 1

Doctor Helga Helen Hyde. Better known as Doctor Hyde. She graduated from Harvard and was praised as one of the best doctors in the country. But little did people know the horrifying things that went into her office when she decided to privatize her company.

Helga is not so evil though because she provides all her patients with completely free health care… in exchange… for humiliation hidden deep in the contracts they so willingly sign. Of course, most don’t know what they’re getting into. But they’re sworn to secrecy or else… secrets might come flying out and Helga does not believe in HIPAA by any means.

All you have to do is register and book your appointment and then, Helga will do everything else. So come on down to Dr Hyde’s Private Practices and find out what happens to all of her victims.

Helga smiled as she looked over the new patient’s information, taking in all of the information.

Nessa Jones, Age 21

She smiled. “Nessa,” she read out loud. Not Vanessa. Probably someone trying to pretend to be cool, but in reality seemed to be a childish name. “Hmm, I think that’s all I need. Yes… Nessa… 21… blonde hair… 5’3”… hmmm yes, she will be perfect.”

Helga hit the button to speak to her loyal receptionist, Hayden. “Hayden, please have Nessa come to my office. Do make sure the hidden cameras and microphones are set up,” Helga said.

“Right away, Dr Hyde,” Hayden replied.

Helga smiled as she waited. Most doctors would probably lounge and make their patients wait, but Helga didn’t believe in wasting such time.

She smiled as she saw the door open as a mouse blonde girl entered the room. Her boobs were not small at all. And her butt looked rather plump. “Hello, Nessa,” Helga said. “Please come here and lay down on the table. We will begin prepping you for your exam.”

Nessa nodded as she did as she was asked.

Helga smiled as she grabbed Nessa’s shirt and pulled it up over her head not bothering to ask if she could. Nessa’s face turned bright red as her padded bra was exposed stuffed with cheap padding. “Oh…” Helga said. “What do we have here?”

“I… I just want my boobs to s-seem bigger,” Nessa stammered.

“Oh? Is there a problem with their natural size?” Helga asked as she slowly reached for the clasp on Nessa’s bra.

Nessa gasped as she felt Helga reach and unclasp her bra, peeling it off, her padding falling out. “Oh…” Helga said as she smiled. “I see…”

Nessa squirmed as she tried to hide her small ant hills on her chest. “P-please,” Nessa said. “I… I don’t want people to know about my chest.”

“What’s wrong with your chest?” Helga asked.

“I-it’s sm-small,” Nessa cried.

“Oh come on now, tell me the problem in detail,” Helga said. “I can only help you if you’re honest with me.”

“T-they’re flat little ant sized b-breasts,” Nessa said. “T-they’re basically non existent.”

“I see…” Helga said. “So you’re ashamed that they’re too small?”

Nessa nodded. “I…I am…”

Helga made a note with her pen. Nessa’s eyes watched her as she smiled and put her pen down. “Okay, well maybe we can work on… your problem. Let’s see the rest.”

Helga reached for Nessa’s pants and tugged them down her legs. Nessa closed her eyes, knowing what Helga would see…

Helga smiled wide as she tugged Nessa’s pants down to see more padding in her underwear. “Now, Nessa,” Helga said. “You’ve padded your butt too?”

Nessa turned bright red and nodded. “I… I did…”

“Turn over. Onto your stomach,” Helga said.

Nessa did, her padded underwear sticking up in the air. Helga smiled as it gave the hidden cameras a perfect image as she grabbed hold of Nessa’s underwear and pulled it down fast. Nessa’s butt pads popped out as the camera was greeted with her bare butt cheeks that were as flat as a deflated basketball. On top of that was something even more humiliating…


Doctor Hyde - Chapter 2

As Helga flipped Nessa back onto her back she discovered yet another lie. “You are quite the liar,” Helga said as she brushed her hand through the untamed brown hairs.

Nessa tried to close her legs, but Helga put them into stirrups. Nessa’s lip quivered as Helga grabbed her hands and pinned them above her head in some arm restraints. Which flattened her small bare chest even more. “Now let’s see…” Helga said. “Where to start… so many choices…”

Helga reached for her stethoscope which she made sure was always ice cold. When she put the metal onto Nessa’s little nipples, she heard a small shriek. She grinned from ear to ear as she listened to Nessa’s beating heart. She then made her way down, putting the stethoscope all over even on Nessa’s hairy crotch. She heard the whimpers as the stethoscope definitely didn’t get warmer.

She looked at Nessa’s nipples which were standing up straight and with her fingers reached over and touched her, tweaking them, seeing their sensitivity. Nessa squirmed, her nipples twitching.

“Now,” Helga said. “I think there is one cure to this problem of yours.”

Helga reached into a drawer and pulled out a couple creams, a razor, and a pair of scissors. She rubbed the shaving cream into Nessa’s brunette crotch and then with the scissors cut the hairs. After getting rid of the excess hairs, Helga grabbed the shaving cream again, rubbed it in and then with the razor went up and down.

Nessa didn’t dare move as she watched Dr Hyde erase her hairs. After Nessa was completely bald, Dr Hyde used the other cream and rubbed that into Nessa’s crotch and then waited. Nessa was surprised to see the hair particles fall out leaving her completely bare. “Perfect,” Helga said and then reached for a pair of latex gloves, snapping them onto her hands causing Nessa to squirm again.


Doctor Hyde - Chapter 3

Helga smiled as she moved her gloved finger to Nessa’s bare vagina. She slowly slid her index finger into the tight hole. Nessa blushed as she laid there, completely exposed having her first vaginal exam. She didn’t know what to expect at all as Helga began to twitch her finger, moving it in and out, tickling her clit. “D-doctor is that… is that really needed?” Nessa asked as her pussy moistened.

“Of course,” Helga said. “We need to make sure you’re very healthy.”

Helga rubbed and rubbed, not removing her finger from inside.

Helga slipped the latex glove off of her free hand and rested it on Nessa’s bare nipple toying with it as she did.

As Nessa squirmed while Dr Hyde rubbed her clit going in and out of her pussy, she bit her bottom lip in efforts to resist moaning. It didn’t work much to her embarrassment but Dr Hyde smiled and removed her hands placing her latex glove on once again on her unused hand while rubbing the vaginal juices onto Nessa’s bare stomach so that she could see it with her own eyes bringing a feeling of shame. “Now, we should really get a closer look at this little pussy of yours,” Helga said as she reached into a drawer and pulled out a speculum.

“W-wait,” Nessa said. “Is that necessary?”

“Of course it is,” Helga said as she rubbed lube on. The cold metal and then slowly inserted it into her vaginal canal.

Nessa squeaked as she felt her pussy lips spread wide open. “D-doctor, please. This is so embarrassing,” Nessa cried as her nude body laid on complete display.

Doctor Hyde gazed into her bare open pussy and noticed the hymen still intact. As she inserted her finger once more rubbing around her cervix. “You are embarrassed? Is it because of your little ant sized chest? Your completely bald pussy? Or even your obviously virgin pussy?” Doctor Hyde asked.

Doctor Hyde continued to rub her finger around Nessa’s sensitive areas hoping that it would stimulate her. “I…” Nessa squirmed. “Mmmm. Please doctor. Is this necessary?”

“Now, Nessa,” Doctor Hyde said. “Of course this is necessary. Did you not read your contract? Or were you too quick in signing the free price? Oh and I should probably tell you… everyone is going to see you naked…”

“NOOOO!” Nessa cried as Doctor Hyde rubbed faster.

Nessa jerked her hips forward as she orgasmed. “Yes,” Doctor Hyde said, as she smiled again. “Everyone’s going to know what a liar you are. Tell me Nessa, have you ever… have you ever bullied anyone for being too small? I bet you have because that’s exactly the kind of thing that you fake girls do. You bully others to hide your own insecurities. Well, now it’s your turn.”

Finally Doctor Hyde released Nessa’s wrists which she used to quickly cover her body. “Now go,” Doctor Hyde said. “And do come back in about 5 weeks for a follow up. Here’s a prescription.”

Doctor Hyde handed Nessa medical note which said. “I have to be naked?!” Nessa cried.

“It’s the only cure to your insecurities,” Helga said. “And trust me, I will know if you don’t cooperate. And if you don’t cooperate, I’ll have no choice but to upload this session onto the HPP website where everyone will be able to see.”

Nessa cried as she ran out of the office desperately covering her body as she did.


