Copyright (C) 2007 M Saint

Danielle's Awakening




I'm Danielle, and I'm 19. but what I am about to tell you happened last year. 

I felt hornier than I have ever felt as I laid on an old couch resting up after a breakup with my boyfriend. He was such a jerk. The pains were lost suddenly, and the pleasures of ditching his ass have really turned me on. I let my hands run up and down my stomach slowly, just enough to keep me going. My fingers beginning to push inside my pants, and slowly on the outside of my panties. I was so hot. So FUCKING hot. I could feel my hot juices thickening around the mound of my pussy, and I pulled one hand out and licked on my fingers. The sweet intoxicating smell drove me wild, and I craved more. More of myself maybe? Or another girl? So, I weighed my thoughts back and forth. I had never been with another girl before. Guys and cock was what I knew. Not to say I was a slut or anything, but I was told I gave the best head. I'm kind of proud of that in a weird way. I continued to lay back and stick a finger or two inside my now dripping cunt. I was boiling under pressure. My body felt like a time bomb ready to explode. A few more fingers. The feeling was intense. With one hand still massaging my sopping wet hole, my other slowly took off my clothes. Nobody was home, and won't be until later tonight. I lie completely naked except for my socks. I had no intentions of taking them off. My mind focused on my body. My left hand rubbed my nipples and cupped my small but perky tits. I need to be fucked BAD! Oh God! I could feel it. My right hand fingered my pussy faster and harder...the pressure was building. I must have screamed out so many different things, I didn't know for sure. I'm coming, I'M COMING!

Suddenly, my best friend Kimmy opened the front door, and said "I didn't even knock." Then she turned around and saw me laying on my back naked, with my hands inside me. "Oh my gosh," was all she could utter out of her mouth.

"Kimmy, I didn't know you was coming over today"

Kimmy stood in a trance gazing at my nakedness. I thought maybe I saw her even lick her lips, but I was unsure. She walked over to me, and I felt my body tingle. Kimmy began to take her clothes off. I knew what she wanted. I was prepared to give it to her.

"It's okay, Kimmy," I said to her, "You can have me if you want me." I bit my lower lip as she stood before me naked. Her tits slightly bigger than mine, and standing out to perfection. Her mound completely shaved and inviting. I licked my lips.

"I've been wanting this for so long." She said in a low voice. She walked towards me and I grabbed her waist to lay her on top of me. Our faces met each others slits and we began to lick each other slow, plunging our tongues into our creamy centers. The taste was sweet, and I licked her faster as she flicked her tongue against my clitoris. The feeling was too much and I had an orgasm. My pussy became slippery as Kimmy fought to lick it all up. Our bodies rubbed against one another and I rubbed her pussy lips with my fingers before diving in for more. It was her turn to orgasm as a thick cream seeped from her hole. It truly tasted sweeter than apple pie. I giggled as I slurped and drank it down, licking my lips in thanks.

We got up from the couch and I pulled her arm. I opened the patio doors, and jumped into the pool. Kimmy followed. Our naked bodies glistened in the sun as water embraced us warmly. It felt so right. Kimmy swam towards me, kissing my lips and then down my neck. I backed up, teasing her a bit as I hopped onto the side of the pool wall. She took the hint and slid in between my legs to lick my pink slit. Her head lifted up and down as she wiggled her tongue faster and deeper. I almost slid off the wall and fell into the water. Luckily, I didn't, as I held on. The magic of her mouth fulfilling my desires. My cunt burst with another mess of sticky fluids. She smiled, cleaning me up and pulling me back into the water. We swam naked for minutes, before heading back inside to lay with one another. We have since became lovers and I am now a lesbian. I couldn't ask for a better partner than my Kimmy.





[End]