Old Song.
How much is that doggy in the window?  
bark,  bark
The one with the waggley tail?  
bark,  bark
How much is that doggy in the window?  
bark, bark
I do hope that doggy's for sale.  
bark, bark

A Puppy for Christmas

By SafeWord

She sat at the small table in their breakfast nook, idly leafing though advertising flyers. The pile this week, exceptionally thick, Christmas being, just around the corner. It didn't really seem much like Christmas to her. Looking out the window far down onto the warm sands of Miami Beach below, she could just see small groups of bathers trying to keep cool on this ever so hot day. She smiled to herself, imaging people, back in New England, out bathing in late November, a chilling thought. But she sighed also, she missed  snow though. Snow and Christmas were intertwined, in her mind.

Returning to her search, she picked up another glossy flyer. A grocery store ad this one, pictures of fat turkeys, legs spread in obscene display, stuffed with dressing. She made a mental note to pick up a small one for the two of them.  She set aside the flyer and selected another. She was looking for a gift for her  husband. It was their first Christmas, she wanted to give him something, really special. Unfortunately, she had no idea at all, what he wanted. He didn't seem to need anything, he had lots of clothes and a nice car and the apartment needed nothing.

A pot lid on the stove  rattled and she looked over, watching, making sure the potatoes weren't boiling over.  He liked mashed potatoes, but they were still  hard, too hard  to mash. That worried her, he was coming home today and he liked his dinner  ready,  insisted on it.

Turning the pages she noticed that  the arm of her dress had a dangling thread. Twirling it on her finger she tucked it up her sleeve.  She really should change. It was her favorite old house dress. A cool, light, almost see though, wisp of cloth, that she had been wearing  all day. Fussing around, cleaning, straightening  the apartment. She wanted everything spotless and perfect, for him.

A pet store ad, caught her eye. A sad looking little puppy  with long floppy ears and big brown eyes, stared at her. He was adorable, she wondered if her husband would like one?
An image passed though her mind of her husband coming home and their puppy running up to greet him. Dashing madly  round and round his legs, yapping and yipping in  feverous excitement. Then  piddling all over  the floor!
Well, she thought,  maybe not, perhaps a Cocker Spaniel, a quieter breed, might be better?

She glanced up at the wall clock, darn,  4:30 already, he'd be home soon, she  had to hurry, freshen up, slip on something really sexy. She'd missed him a lot this week, like every week. He was only able to get home on the weekends, his crew was rebuilding a bridge, way down the Florida Keys, much too far to commute.

But  time, running faster than her thoughts, foiled her.  The apartment door opened as her husband entered. Seeing him, as always, her heart paused in mid beat. He was so tall, so blond and so dammed handsome. Tossing  his battered hard hat into the closet, he gave her that smirky little smile, she loved so much.

She stood  and turned, watching  as he crossed the room. His tee shirt was strained tight on his wide chest. Across it a dark ban of moisture ran from nipple to nipple and down to his flat tummy. His arms were grey, the hair on them coated with fine concrete dust. A working man was her husband, hard and strong, her man. She lifted her arms  to embrace him, she wanted to touch him, feel his heat, taste his sweet manly perspiration, her own personal salt lick.  

But smiling down at her, he gently held her away, leaning over, to  kiss her forehead.  

"I need a shower, honey, I'll be right out."
"Dinners  ready." 
"In a sec, shower first."
"There's cold beer in the fridge, shall I . . ." . 
"Later, hon, later." 

She watched  as he strode down the hall. His huge arms working to strip the wet shirt over his head, off him. His broad back muscles, glistened with moisture, rippled with power.  Her eyes slid down to his tight backside but as he entered the bathroom, her strip treat, ended.

Disappointed, she turned  to the stove, hurrying now, quickly setting the table, frantically searching though drawers for that darn  potato masher. 
She was still searching, when a whiff of steam seemed to cross her nose. Turning her head,  he was standing in the doorway,  a fluffy towel draped over his shoulders, nothing else. That big smirky smile was on his face, and a much bigger erection, revealed his thoughts. He stood posing for her, his manhood,  in full display, a rearing King Cobra, desire manifest. Her knees weakened.

"But supper is . . ."
"It can wait."

Slowly motioning his head in the direction of their bedroom, he turned and walked down the hallway. His bare feet slapping down on the hardwood  floor, leaving big wet footprints, a trail, for her to follow.
She checked that the burners were off  and covered the pots, she started  to hide the flyers also but his impatient voice called out.

"Hon?"
"Coming." 

She pushed the pet store ad into the pile and hurried down the hallway. Her plans for the evening, her thoughts, all in disarray. Worrying about his wet footprint's staining  the floor, worrying about his supper getting cold, worrying that the landlord would not allow them to have a dog, worrying that she hadn't had time to freshen up. 

Entering the bedroom, by the bed, he waited  for her, still exhibiting his arousal. She started to protest that she needed a moment to . . . some time to . . .  but, with a kiss, he shushed her protests. Turning her body to face the bed, his fingers skipped down her spine, dress buttons flying open in their wake. Slipping her dress down off her shoulders to her waist, he reached around her, cupping her now naked, exposed breasts in his huge warm hands. Her nipples rose in erection as  his hands gentled and stroked,  her breasts, her flanks, her tummy. Easing her distress, easing her mind and with ease, lifting her up and  setting her down, on all fours, on their bed.
Close behind her, he flipped her dress up, unto her back, his hand, a finger tip, blushed lightly over her mound, thru her groove, thrilling her. Her panties were pulled, slid down to her knees and off. His springy hardness bluntly, blindly, poked at her and she waited for his entry but no, not yet. 

She was not quite, as he wished her. Reaching over with both arms, he drew  her wrists back, behind her, securing them with gently, but firmly with her dress belt.  Her face now pressed to the bedspread she smiled at the betrayal by her favorite cloth, at the mental image  of her, a trussed turkey ready for ceremonial Christmas sacrifice, at the game. This, their little game. He often wanted her this way, took her this way, seeming reluctant, seemingly protesting. Until she was tamed, quieted and lightly  bound. Docile and dependent on him for blissful release of any kind. She shivered in helpless anticipation.  

Anticipation quickly rewarded, his hot hands  grasped her hips firmly and  he pushed his penis forcefully in her softness. Still not fully moist enough to receive him easily, his size stretched her. Tiny sparkles of pain brought a silent gasp into her mouth. But her husband's  lust quickly inflamed hers and by his third plunge. He  slid  easily, deep within her, touching  her womb. 

She closed her eyes, in  mindless enjoyment of  sensation, his organ, sliding  into and out of, her little center of love and life.
Her arms, the bindings, awoke thoughts, wicked fantasies. Scenes of being naked, tied, helpless, as a large stranger plunged into her, used her. While others stood  around, watching, laughing, awaiting their turn at her. 
Her husband thrusts became quicker more violent, increasing her excitement.
Panting, her breath quickened,  matching his pace. 
Her thoughts of him, only of him, his hardness, his filling of her, of all, of her.

Inspiration and ecstasy flashed in her brain, she knew now, what to get him, what he would want, not a puppy. 

Oh No, not a puppy . . . just the leash, and a collar. She wanted him to place it, wanted to feel it, a collar, his collar around her neck. 
Images of wearing one, as she was being taken, caused her to climax and she whimpered out in heaven sent waves of pleasure.


Above her, her husband heard her gentle cries and knowingly smiled. 
As her spasming womb milked  him of his seed, his blissful spending, he marveled that they always came, simultaneously, in this position. 
Their favorite position, doggy style.


SafeWord 2003 
Copyrite by the writer.