Writing a good story is an art, which every one can't and similarly
to write erotic story is also an art. These stories include the human
relations, which are taboo and written explicit. The relations which
are not talked about openly are exaggerated like a cartoon to look
more interesting. They are interesting as they are against the norm
of the civilized society. Nobody writes about the relations between
husbands and wives as they are very common and thus no more interest
the people.

A number of times we read the erotica, which are not explicit, but
still they are very good. Some of the recent types are wam bam thank
you madam type but I assume that authors are learning to write and
the people read as they are leaning to read.

I am not a writer myself but I enjoy good stories. Here I am sending
one of such stories, which I have collected from the net. The
original I have lost but I wrote the story in my own words, which may
not be as original as the author. If you get the original sent it to
me. I hope you will enjoy.

It happened when we were living in Colombo.

My name is Maya and my husbands name is Ramesh. I Was working in a
government office my husband was having a small business. Though it
was not a big one but it was sufficient to give us a comfortable
leaving. We had a beautiful two-storied bungalow with a small lawn
in the front. We both of us were having our own cars. I had to go
to office early in the morning but I use to come back early while my
husband came a bit late, he had his own business, but we had time of
early dinner and long long nights of love and enjoyment. I was
satisfied with my husband and it was our love marriage. My husband
believed in variety of positions when we had sex and most of the time
I use to have multiple orgasms with him. Though his cock was not
very big but it was thick and long enough to reach my inner depths
and touch me at the sensitive spot, which, I came to know, was called
G-spot. Once in a while we use to have anal sex also for which my
husbands cock was very suitable, neither very big nor very small but
long enough to go deep in my depths. I am telling all this to show
that I never craved for any extra marital sex.

We had family friends, which were from our old neibourhood. We knew
both husband and wife, Asish and Pushpa, for a long time and Pushpa
was my schoolmate also. Pushpa was a beautiful lady, though not as
tall as me. A bit slight in the boobs and butts department when mine
were big, a 38b, and were suitable for my large frame. We both were
fair and good in features. I was familiar for the men to look twice
at my boobs and bum, whenever they see me, and my husband use to joke
about it as well. We, my husband and me, both openly discus about
sex and we use to tease other when we feel the people attracted to me.

Now about our family friends, Ashish and Pushpa, both use to stay
with us whenever they visited Colombo. This was, at least once in a
year and sometimes twice also. Ashish had a crush on me and we both,
Ramesh and me knew about it and once in a while Ramesh use to joke
about it. Though I was pleased but never thought about cheating on
my husband my friend Pushpa. Ashis was also a decent guy, medium
height, fair with pleasant features and he called me Maya Rani when
we use to be alone and called me Bhabi when we had company. Number
of times I saw him looking at my boobs and me when he knew nobody was
looking at him but I knew about his glances and his cravings. Though
I never encouraged him but I enjoyed his attention and smiled
whenever he called me Pushpa Rani. He was soft spoken and pleasant in
manner, and I like him and his flirtations but never encouraged him
or thought about him in a sexual manner.

One day while working in the office on Internet I accidentally
visited an adult site showing big cocks and verity of cocks in
action. They were so many and stuffing their female partners in all
the positions and all the possible holes. I got horny and a craving
for a cock, any cock, to stuff me then and there. I was unable to
control and took leave from the office stating not feeling well. I
went to my husbands business, which was on my way to home. When he
saw me he immediately recognized the symptoms and took to his private
office. He fucked me to an orgasm with his fingers and promised to be
at home as early as possible. He had some very important meeting in
the afternoon, which he was unable to miss. Even though I got a
relief but it was not enough and still I had the cravings for the
real one and the fingers never satisfied me. I was still hot and
flushed.

When I reached home Ashis was at home and Pushpa was out doing some
shopping. Ashish had a bush shirt on his pajamas. A little bit of
his crotch was visible showing his hidden treasures. I glanced at it
at the same time feeling guilty about it. He asked me the reason of
coming back early. I lied to him stating I was not feeling well and
need some rest. I washed my face and laid down on the bed changing
to our favorite nighty which was sheer and very short. I was
expecting my husband to be home early seeing me in that condition. My
husband came to action whenever he saw me in that nighty.

I opened the front buttons and started rubbing my boobs and my pussy.
Oh God how much I wanted a cock to play with. I heard a knock and I
covered my self with the comforter and said, " Come in."
It was Ashis and he was concerned about my health.

H e said " I brought you some aspirin and water. Please take it and
have some rest. Shall I press your head if your having headache."
I felt guilty about deceiving him and said ," No I am ok" but I had
to force myself with tablet and the glass of water. When I got half
up, on the bed, comforter came down and I never realized that my
boobs were hanging out with very erect nipples. I took the pills and
drank the water slowly and thanked him. It was too late to realize my
naked condition and that my big boobs were showing.

I realized it when I saw the look on his face and suddenly laid down
covering myself. But he was a gentleman and averted his face and
turned around when I was decent again. He sat on my bed pressing my
head and talking pleasantly. I was unable to refuse his gesture and
got relaxed enjoying his small talk. I liked his anecdotes and small
laughs. He was a pleasant person. While pressing my head and
talking to me he kissed my eyes, which were close. It was a very
short peck and he lifted his lips before my protest. He did it again
and again. Next time he kissed my lips and that too very lightly and
for a very very brief period, just an affectionate peck. I did not
have will to say no to him. He did it for a few times kissing my
eyelids and lips in the same manner. Then he took hold of my face
and kissed me forcing my mouth open. Immediately I pushed him away
protesting, "Ashish what are you up to, this is wrong and I don't
like it."

He got up immediately with a very sad face telling, " I thought You
like me. See me please what you did to me." He started removing his
pajama I closed my eyes and did not know what to do and what to say.

I knew he will not force himself on me and he will do nothing against
my will, he was a perfect gentleman. I felt very sad about him and
his pleading. He was still pleading, ` Please just look at me and
see how much I love you. Please just see what you did to me."

He was very near to the bed standing naked. I had my eyes closed and
was very ashamed to open them. Then he took my hand and put it on his
erect cock telling " Please just touch it and will not do anything to
you."

I touched his cock and it was hot, hard and very huge. It was just
like a trunk of small tree same thickness from head to the base. Its
thickness was just the thickness of my wrist and I was unable to
close my fingers around it. I had to open my eyes. It was humongous.
Even though I was a virgin at the time of my marriage and I never
cheated my husband but I have seen and felt a few cocks during my
college days. None of them can match it. Even my husband's was quite
adequate but was a tapered one thinner at the head and thicker at the
base and that also was not that much thick and of that shape. I
simply can't contain my self, being in the stage of so much arousal.
Simply I had to have that cock in my wet hole and the hole was really
wet and flowing like Niagara Falls. I started rubbing it and pulling
it and after that there was no pulling back.

When Ashish realized that I got hooked he removed his shirt and
undershirt. He climbed over the bed pulling my comforter down and
madly kissing me. My nighty was already open and my huge boobs were
hot and throbbing with very erect nipples.

He diverted his attention to them kissing and sucking them one after
another cooing. "They are so huge so sweet. I like them and I was in
love with them from the day I saw you. Oh my god I want to play and
suck them so much. I was in love with you for a long time and I was
afraid this has to happen. I thank you so much."

I too responded pulling his cock and rubbing it on my body my boobs
my nipple and I pushed it slowly down showing where I want it
actually. When Ashish realized it he lifted both my legs pushing
them back and opening then. I knew, by instinct, that he was not a
cunt sucking man. My husband liked my cunt; its smell, its taste and
use to suck it lick it and eat it for hours together. My lover gave
it a few lick opening the lips and checking its readiness and
wetness. Rubbed his cock head on it for some time to make it wet for
ease of entrance.

By that time I was out of control kissing him lifting my torso up
asking him to just stuff that beautiful huge cock of his in. I was
begging him saying ` "Please.. Please give it to me. Please fuck me
and I want your sweet beauty, your huge cock, in me all the way."

He teased me some more then he pushed it in slowly inch-by-inch. He
pulled and pushed it to accommodate it in my tight hot wet tunnel and
finally entered me all the way.

Wave after crashing wave of ecstasy rushed over me as he sunk his
cock into my tight pussy, my legs closed around his back, my hands
wrapped around his chest as I pulled him down even tighter to my
trembling body, I sobbed with pleasure as he began to move, his cock
sliding deliciously in my grasping pussy.
Slowly, tenderly he slid his cock in and out of my responsive body, I
gasped and cried out as an orgasm washed through me, yet his
movements kept pace with mine, it was an amazing experience feeling
his respond to my every movement as though it had been choreographed
and his grunts ringing in my ears only added to my pleasure. He was a
tremendous lover quite different from my husbands who use to change
my position after every orgasm I had. Ramesh kept pounding in me
relentlessly, in the same position, like a machine stroke after
stroke. Like a trip hammer pulling back all the way then tripping
back with full force and intensity.
Gradually our movements became faster, I was writhing beneath him as
orgasm after orgasm hit me, my pussy clenching and rippling on his
monster of a cock as it slid in and out, in and out like a piston, my
nails raked his back and all I felt was the bliss that his cock was
giving me then I felt his bliss swelling and exploding. With a final
deep thrust he groaned as his hot seed burst inside my pussy, I cried
out and pushed up tight to him, my body trembling and shuddering as a
final orgasm hit me like a solid blow, our lips locked together in a
kiss so passionate that the room should have burst into flames. Then
my peak faded, he kept moving his cock in my pussy I could feel it
was still hard after the release.
At last he removed it from me and he rolled off my trembling body to
lie gasping at my side. My god his huge cock was covered with both
our juices and pointing to the sky looking so huge and hard.
"God," I breathed some minutes later, "I've never felt so good
before!"
"Me neither," he sighed then laughed softly, "See what you did to me.
It is still hard and wants you even after releasing so much. I've
never had this with my wife before."
"Then why now?" I said in surprise, sitting up and looking at him.
"I know you're going to laugh," he sighed, "but I've really had the
hots for you from the day I first saw you."
He was right I did laugh, but not at his words, at the irony of the
whole situation. I wanted him some more and itching in my cunt
started again seeing his erection.
This time I climbed over him sinking on him slowly. It was easier
with the mixture of our juices in me and on him. He went deeper in
me, far far in, and touched lot more places where no one went before.
I rubbed my clit my cunt lips and whole of my cunt on the rough base
of his cock. I rotated on him moved this way and that way rising and
falling on him and he watched me, lying there, with an amused look in
his eyes and a huge smile on his face. He never expected me so hot
and me also never expected to have so many itches in my cunt, itches
of a lifetime.
I came numerous time, countless time, and still I wanted to go on. I
offered him my boobs, one after other, and some times both. H e
sucked on them with both the nipples in his mouth, licked on them
holding them like a baby. He continued to fuck me from below in the
same pace as he fucking me from above with so much of my weight on
him. My God will he never get tired! I never saw such stamina in my
husband.
Finally I got tired pushed myself up from his, still erect, humongous
monster of a cock. I moved further planting myself squarely on his
face. Turned around took hold of his cock with my mouth and offered
him my open juicy cunt. He never hesitated and opened my cunt lips,
with his fingers, further to bury his face his tongue deep in me. He
lubed one of his fingers, in our mixed juices, and pushed it all the
way in my annus. Again my God what a sensation and I thought I could
never come again. I swallowed his cock, stuffed myself, gorged myself
and continued to suck him trying to pull him from his roots.
He remained hard and did not come again till I shifted to doggy
style. He understood my need; my diamond of a lover, and this time
fucked me roughly, without any mercy, holding my huge buttocks with
both the hands. I remained in that position, doing nothing, simply
enjoying his rough treatment. I started sucking him, milking him with
my cunt muscles asking him to fill me again.
He pulled his cock till only the head remained. Opened my butt and
started licking my ass hole. Then shifted some of my mixed juices
with a finger to the pink hole. He lubricated it by pushing one then
two and finally three of his finger shifting the juices continevously.
He shifted , his huge cock replacing the fingers. My husband before
had fucked me in my annus but my lover's was hunk of a meet and I was
not sure if I will be able to accommodate him. He went after it very
slowly while continue to fuck my cunt with his fingers to keep me
high. His thick head popped in and his trunk, slowly, also allowing
me to adjust his pole. He continued his slow in and out movement in
both of my holes till his big balls touched my, now hanging out cunt
lips. He kept it like that for some time. I felt like stuffed to my
stomach. Then he removed his fingers held my cheeks with both of
hands and started his movement first slow and then fast all in and
all out movement. I came again and again He did fill me, deep inside,
flooded me till I thought it would come out from my every pour of my
body. I simply flopped on my stomach and he pulled out and flopped
beside me.
We laughed at the whole situation, holding each other in an embrace
that was both exciting and loving at the same time, in my mind there
was no doubt any more, I loved my lover with everything I had but in
a different way than my husband and I still loved my husband.

It never happened again but I always cherish th