The market was extremely busy. As well as the usual throng of local traders and farmers, there was a circle of carts Merlin didn't recognise as regulars in Camelot. Dressed in vibrant red and green silk, each cart spilled out exotic goods: rich spices; bolts of sheer fabric in shades and textures that Merlin had never see anyone but Morgana wear; coloured glass and odd-shaped pots and some weird objects Merlin didn't recognise at all. At the furthest reach of the circle from where they entered was a set of makeshift shelves and tables crowded with books and scrolls. There was no doubt that this was Geoffrey's quarry: he moved at a speed Merlin would never have dreamed him capable of, eyes bright and fixed firmly on the treasures ahead.

His enthusiasm was infectious, and Merlin approached the stall eagerly at Geoffrey's side. There were books everywhere, of all sizes and shapes of bindings, some simple, some elaborate, all looking incredibly expensive.

The pedlar greeted Geoffrey warmly and immediately took him to a corner where a pile of books waited under a dark velvet cloth. Geoffrey began to exclaim happily about whatever he found there, and Merlin couldn't help but smile. While Geoffrey and the pedlar (who apparently was called Henry and was every bit as ancient as Geoffrey himself) talked about old languages and illuminated texts and scribes and ink qualities, Merlin drifted around the stall and wallowed in the smell of parchment and dust. He couldn't resist touching, running his fingers across smooth hide and metal clasps, tracing the outline of a title carved deep in leather. He wandered the crooked shelves and piles, until he found himself right at the back of the stall, where the books were old and dusty and scroll-cases teetered, heaped in shaky pyramids.

Merlin's spine tingled and he realised, with a shock, what he was looking at something magical.

"Ah," came a voice from behind Merlin, just to his left. "You have an expert eye."

Merlin thrummed with fear; there was a recognition in that voice that he didn't want to hear. "Not really. Just looking."

He dared to look over his shoulder, fixing a smile on his face, and met the gaze of the young man - no more than a boy, really, several years Merlin's junior - standing behind him. He was leaning against one of the big wooden posts that held up the awning over the books; he looked supremely confident and self-assured, dressed in snug suede breeches and a shirt of fine cream linen caught at his hips by a wide leather belt. A silk scarf tied around his head kept unruly curls of dark, glossy hair out of his face. He made Merlin feel somehow untidy.

"I can always tell," the boy said.

"Tell what?" Merlin kept his expression soft and pleasant and as neutral as he could, despite the fact that his heart was pounding and his legs all but twitched with the desire to just run.

"A gentleman's interests."

Merlin laughed. "Oh, I'm not a gentleman."

The boy raised an eyebrow.

To his dismay, Merlin felt heat across his cheeks as he realised what that eyebrow meant. "No! I mean, I'm not... I'm just a servant." But he couldn't resist adding, with more pride than he'd care to admit to, "Prince Arthur's servant, actually."

"Yes. I think you might find the scrolls to the left of the large tome right in front of you of particular interest. The ones in the cases with the black caps."

"Seriously, I don't think so. I haven't got any money anyway."

"Money isn't always necessary."

Merlin swallowed. "I should be going. I'm supposed to be helping...." he pointed roughly in Geoffrey's direction.

The boy nodded once, slowly, and smiled a smile that came more from cunning than kindness, eyes slanted to give him the appearance of a stalking cat. As much as Merlin wanted to run far, far away, he couldn't help but be fascinated. "Please, sir, feel free to browse as you wish. If you need any help, I'll be around the back."

Merlin nodded and smiled, trying very, very hard not to look at the scrolls, just the books, hands clasped safely behind his back. He started to count to fifty, after which he thought it would probably be a respectable time to leave without it looking quite so certainly like he was running away.

But no sooner had the boy begun to walk away than he turned back, giving Merlin another of those penetrating looks. "By the way, do you know Gaius? The physician?"

"Yes," Merlin said. "Everyone knows Gaius."

"Please send him my regards. My name is Aloysius. I've done business with him on many occasions. We share a special interest in the healing arts."

There was no doubting the innuendo in the boy's tone. Magic. Healing magic.

Merlin wavered, caught as ever between fear, excitement and intense curiosity. His gaze flickered inevitably to the scrolls. He could all but see them sparkle: fascinating, forbidden objects.

"I do have a bit of an interest in, um, medicine," Merlin said, as neutrally as he could manage.

"Ah! I thought so, and I'm never wrong. If I could suggest..." He was at Merlin's side in an instant, rapidly plucking a selection of scroll cases from the shelf. "We discovered these just last year, in the Western Isles. Please, take a look. If there's anything you'd like I'd be very pleased to discuss terms."

"No, I, I couldn't, really, I have no-"

It was too late: the scrolls were in Merlin's arms and he was reading the markings on the cases. Ancient markings that were in a language most people didn't understand, nearly all of Camelot feared and Uther would kill him just for being able to read. But you can't not read words right under your nose just because they’re forbidden, and this was a language that Merlin had known since the minute he picked up the spell book Gaius gave him, without even understanding how he'd learned it. The letters and words gleamed in front of his eyes and made perfect, unutterable sense.

~ Treatment for magical impairments ~ Antidotes for Evil Curses ~ and then the blue one, the one he'd most been drawn to....

~Common injuries inflicted by dragonnes and their cure. ~

Merlin dropped the scrolls to the ground as if burnt. Aloysius laughed, and knelt to pick them up.

"Who are you?" said Merlin, stepping back in horror.

"Just a pedlar's son," Aloysius said. "Just like you are just a servant."

"Prince Arthur's servant," Merlin whispered. "I could have you hanged."

"Yes, but I don't believe you will," said Aloysius, with absolute conviction. "I think you want these, or one of them in any case." He picked out the blue scroll-case and tapped its black end with two long fingers. "Surely it's not wrong, to want to heal the sick?"

Merlin looked at Aloysius for a long, long moment. He couldn't trust him. He couldn't trust anyone. He knew this. And yet....

"How much?" he said.

He didn't miss the sparkle in Aloysius's eyes. Showing he'd won.

"Money is meaningless when it comes to this kind of thing."

"Well, that's good, because I don't have any."

"But you have your own value, Servant-to-the-Prince."

"I won't let anyone hurt Arthur."

Aloysius laughed. "I'm not interested in Arthur."

Another thought occurred to Merlin and he couldn't stop himself from blushing again. "I don't.... not for, I mean- I like girls."

Merlin chewed on his lower lip and hoped that Aloysius wasn't one of those people who procured young boys for rich ladies, even as he squashed down guilt at the silent betrayal inherent in his lie. Because as much as he did like girls, he remembered all too well the fleeting stupid times he'd thought that he and Arthur, (wanted him and Arthur) and he knew exactly what that made him.

"You're a complicated one, aren't you?" Aloysius said. He almost sounded sympathetic. "Don't worry, I'm not after your body. I'm sure it's very nice, but all I want is a bit of extra luck."

"Luck?"

"See that tent over there?"

Merlin followed the direction of Aloysius's pointing finger to see a colourful pavilion tent, a green and red diamond-patterned flag flying from its peak. "What of it?"

"There is a game due to take place in there at the top of the hour, yielding prizes beyond your wildest dreams."

"A game?"

"A game of chance."

"Ah, no. I'm no good at that kind of thing. I'm so rubbish at dice Will gave up playing me, said it was too boring to win all the time."

"I don't want you to play. I want you to help me play."

The not-nice smile said it all.

"You want me to help you cheat?"

"Well, not exactly how I'd put it but… yes."

"At dice?"

"It's a bit more elaborate than you're probably used to, but… yes, I suppose that's the nub of it. You help me win a nice jackpot and the scrolls are yours."

"You must think I'm insane," Merlin said. "You want me to… help, in full view of half of Camelot? And that's assuming a lot about how well I might be able to, um, help, or even that I-"

Aloysius held up his hand and shook his head. "Forgive me, Merlin. Forget I ever asked. I should have guessed that the servant to a Prince wouldn't want to get involved in anything so shady. Not even if it might help him to save lives. There's a proper way to do things, I understand that, I really do. I'm quite embarrassed even to have asked. Please, accept my most heartfelt apologies. I'll bid you farewell and steal no more of your precious afternoon."

He'd gone before Merlin could even frame a sentence in reply. And Merlin should have been relieved, really he should.

He should.

*

Geoffrey had assembled a teetering pile of books at his side already, and he was showing no signs of having finished. Merlin felt odd, sort of dirty, and went for a walk around the other stalls to take his mind off Aloysius and the unexpected temptation he'd put in Merlin's way. He was looking at some very oddly-shaped dried vegetables with weird pictures carved into them when he heard a familiar voice.

"Hello, Merlin! Are you looking for a gift for Arthur too?"

"Sir Leon." Merlin managed an approximation of the sort of bow people usually gave Arthur's Knights. If nothing else it hid the fact that he found it hard to look the man in the eye, afraid of what he might betray if he did so. "You want to buy Arthur a gift?"

"It is his birthday next week. It's traditional, I believe." Leon smiled kindly.

"I'm not sure it's something servants do," Merlin said, trying to remember if Arthur had been offended last year, as Merlin certainly didn't recall giving him anything. Then again, he had spent most of his birthday out on a hunt and there had been a lot of wine… and the year before there had been his coronation.

"Of course not, forgive me," Leon said. "I forget sometimes that yours isn't a relationship of equals, you and Arthur are so…"

"Professional?" Merlin suggested optimistically.

"I was going to say-" Leon began, but before he could finish his sentence he started to cough. It was a rough, hacking cough the likes of which Merlin hadn't heard before, and the pain it caused was plain on Leon's face. And the worst thing was, once it had started, Leon didn't seem to be able to stop. He coughed and coughed, bent double with it, red in the face, tears streaming down his cheeks, and Merlin could do nothing but put a kindly arm around Leon's shoulders and help him fumble the small potion bottle from his pocket. Leon's hands were shaking so it was Merlin who popped the stopper from the bottle and held the vial to Leon's lips. He waited for a tiny pause in Leon's coughing and tipped a slosh of medicine into Leon's mouth. Leon swallowed and managed a hoarse "Thank you, Merlin, you're so kind," before he started to cough again.

It eased in a few moments, leaving Leon to slump on the ground, forehead resting on his knees, wheezing. Merlin re-stoppered the medicine bottle and put it back in Leon's pocket, swiftly rubbing the back of his hand over his own eyes while his face was hidden in the shadow of Leon's long red cloak.

He could hear Leon's breathing, harsh and forced, every breath a struggle. Merlin rubbed his back and sniffed, as quietly as he could, choking back what threatened to become big fat tears. "I'm so sorry," Merlin whispered.

"It's hardly your fault, Merlin."

"You'll get better."

Leon shook his head. "Gaius says perhaps not. Certainly not well enough to take up my duties again. But that's not so bad, Merlin. I can serve my King in other ways."

That was when Merlin made the mistake of looking at Leon's face, and seeing the lie he'd just told as plain as day. It shot through Merlin's heart like a dagger and twisted, hard, when Leon said in a tight, breathless voice, "It's my duty to protect Camelot. I'm glad I did it when I had the chance. I would gladly have paid with my life, if it had come to that. I know you feel the same."

Merlin couldn't trust himself to speak. He nodded, keeping his lips in a tight, straight line, and held back the tears by sheer force of will.

"Help me up?" Leon said, one hand outstretched. Merlin clasped it firmly and tugged him to his feet; Leon coughed again, but it was looser, kinder than before.

"I think I might look over there," Leon said. "Thank you, Merlin."

Merlin forced himself to smile, and watched Leon cross the circle to another stall, where there were cages and pens, and an exotic-looking bird could be heard squawking in a rhythm almost like human speech.

Leon moved more slowly than he used to. Before he got half way across the circle, Merlin was back at the book stall, ducking around to the back shelves without Geoffrey noticing.

Aloysius was waiting for him.

*

The gaming tent was intensely crowded and smelt of stale beer and damp, stifled grass. Merlin recognised faces, mostly men he'd seen on the rare occasions he'd been to the Rising Sun. Some were ordinary townspeople, some of the less reputable variety. One or two he recognised as guards or servants. He suspected that the man hiding in a dark corner, shielding his face with a hand, had a lot to lose from being seen somewhere like this - probably a nobleman or maybe even a knight. Merlin made sure not to find out who he was. Some stones were better left unturned, however curious he might be.

He followed Aloysius through the throng to the centre of the tent, where there was a table, with half a dozen men stationed around it. A woman stood at the head of the table, rattling a shaker in one hand. Merlin found himself staring: she was very pretty. Red hair tumbled to her shoulders; her green velvet dress hugged her ample curves and a green pendant quivered at her bosom. Her dress was cut very low, revealing a good deal of creamy, pale skin. Merlin could barely drag his eyes away.

The man nearest to her tossed a few coins onto the table. Merlin noticed then that it was covered in a smooth sheet of canvas, and on the canvas were painted a series of numbered squares. Some had piles of money on.

"The Lady plays sevens, eleven and double six," the woman called. Her voice was velvety-smooth and bore an accent that Merlin couldn't quite place. She shook the dice one last time and tossed them onto the table. "Two threes," she pronounced. "The Lady wins."

"That's Lady Margaret," Aloysius whispered. "It's her house."

Merlin blinked at him

Aloysius rolled his eyes at Merlin's ignorance. "That means she runs the tables."

"Oh," said Merlin.

The losing gamblers at the table groaned and one of them swore under his breath, but all three of them got fresh coins from their purses to place on the board.

"Room for two more?" Aloysius asked with a polite bow at Lady Margaret.

"The Lady welcomes all to her table. Place your wager, gentlemen, and good luck."

"You'll need it," muttered the man at Aloysius's right as they took their seats.

Merlin fiddled nervously with the small bag of pennies Aloysius had given him. There were a lot of people around, and while some were focused on action in other corners of the tent, the Lady Margaret's dice had caught a sizeable crowd.

"Lucky seven," said the man sitting opposite Merlin, and tipped a handful of coins on the seven square.

"Double four," muttered the one next to Aloysius.

"Two," said the other.

"I'll take eight," Aloysius said.

Everyone looked expectantly at Merlin.

"Um," he said. "Er, I don't know, I've never played-"

"Just pick a number," hissed Aloysius.

Merlin took out a couple of pennies, and placed them neatly on the twelve-square.

"Double six," Margaret said, "plays lucky seven, double four, two and eight. The Lady rolls."

She tossed the dice from her shaker across the table to land just in front of Merlin. Six dots on each upturned side.

Merlin grinned.

"Double six wins, the Lady loses," Lady Margaret said. "Take your gains, the game continues."

Merlin scooped up the pennies he'd put down, and it was only when Aloysius kicked him under the table that it sank in he'd done more than saved his stake. He felt very stupid as Aloysius shoved the rest of the money on the table towards him.

Aloysius was giving him an amused sort of look. Merlin didn't know how to tell him he hadn't started cheating yet without arousing suspicion, so he avoided the boy, fixing his gaze back on the Lady Margaret instead.

"Choose your numbers, gentlemen. Sweet doubles this round only."

"Sweet doubles?" Merlin whispered to Aloysius.

"If you win with a double the house doubles your winnings."

"Really?" said Merlin.

"Double five," Aloysius said, piling coins on the board.

The rest of the table followed suit, leaving Merlin to be last again. He hesitated for a few seconds, then put a handful of pennies on seven.

"The Lady plays double ones, threes, fives, sixes and an old fashioned seven. Rolling sweet doubles."

Merlin got a measure of the dice as soon as they left the cup. He kept his head down and his eyes mostly-shut and with the softest push from his mind he kept the dice turning, six, four, two….

"Come on, sweet luck," Aloysius whispered to the dice.

…five and five.

"Double five wins sweet doubles, Lady pays," Lady Margaret proclaimed. If she was suspicious she didn't show it. Merlin relaxed a little; she seemed quite nice and he didn't want to start trouble with anyone here, of all places.

Slowly and cautiously Merlin picked his opportunities, treading a fine line between growing Aloysius's winnings as they'd agreed and avoiding suspicion. He rationed his magic to occasional rounds, leaving the dice to fall naturally at other times. Once he even changed the dice so that the man at the Lady's left would win instead of himself. Merlin seemed to have brought a dose of beginner's luck to the table, and nice as it was to win, he was under no illusion as to what would happen if he and Aloysius completely monopolised the winnings between them.

Twenty throws later and there were another three men at the table and a growing crowd watching. Merlin kept a careful eye on the Lady Margaret but she seemed as indifferent as ever to the outcome of each round, simply throwing the dice and calling the numbers. Although once she caught Merlin gazing at her and winked at him. Merlin smiled back at her, and got a dig in the ribs from Aloysius's elbow for his trouble.

Chance was an odd thing, Merlin realised. It was scrupulously unfair, even without magic intervention, but it gave the illusion of beneficence from time to time, just enough to raise hopes among the desperate. Even a brief run of luck for one person was enough to tighten the atmosphere, making everyone alert and keen even as they put on their masks of perfect indifference. If the same person won twice in a row, three times, others became reckless in their bets, driven by the hope that surely next time it must be them.

This kind of luck was fickle and frightening, Merlin decided, and could be as much of a curse as a blessing. It also meant that the likelihood of anyone discovering his magic was slight; so long as he varied the outcomes people were far too caught up in their own dreams of winning to truly notice anything amiss, and irregularities were easily passed off as flukes or strokes of luck.

Just as Merlin was relaxing into his new job, there was an almighty clatter as a pile of Aloysius's fast-growing collection of coins fell to ground. Aloysius dived under the table, tugging on Merlin's arm until he smiled apologetically at the rest of the players (and the Lady of course) and joined him.

"Be careful," Aloysius whispered. "I think the Lady's on to you."

"Lady Margaret? How?"

"Haven't you noticed how much you're winning?"

"I'm being really careful! I haven't won for myself on purpose once!"

"That's not the point!"

Aloysius bobbed his head up above the table for a moment. "Carry on, we'll rejoin you next round! Sorry!"

"What d'you mean, that's not the point?" said Merlin urgently, as Aloysius bobbed back.

"Haven't you counted your winnings lately?"

"No, I just thought… why does that mean she's on to me? Couldn't it just be luck?"

"You really haven't done this before, have you?"

"No," Merlin said.

"Give me strength," Aloysius muttered under his breath. "Okay, then, try this. Don't interfere with the game at all for the next five rounds and see what happens. Now, pick this lot up. And don't miss any."

Merlin wondered what it was about him that made other people think he'd take their orders when he'd only known them for an hour. But he picked the coins up just the same.

Back at the table Merlin did as Aloysius had suggested, and let the game take its course for the next five rounds.

He won every single time.

Merlin was confused at first. He was pretty certain Lady Margaret wasn't using magic, and the dice looked perfectly even, as did the table. She tossed them in the same place on the board each time, using the exact same flick of her delicate wrists. Every time Merlin picked a different number: two, ten, eleven, three, five - and every time it came up.

Merlin gripped the edge of the table, canvas rough under his fingers, and thought fast. If the Lady was cheating - and he was sure she must be, somehow - she'd know right away that something was wrong if he used magic. If he didn't use magic, he'd keep winning until the other gamblers got suspicious.

If only he knew how she was cheating.

The next time the Lady picked up the dice, Merlin slowed time.

She turned the dice in her hand before she tossed it into the shaker; nothing suspicious about that except that she looked at it. She was choosing the upmost number before she slid first one die and then the other into the shaker, the precision of her movements disguised by pure speed and sleight of hand. The dice were shaken but they didn't roll, not until they tumbled out onto the table.

Second by second, Merlin watched the dice roll across the canvas. They weren't moving evenly. They lurched as if some weight were tugging at them, some force pulling them off balance.

He could feel no magic, but something about the way the dice finally settled, as if suddenly and forcefully glued to the table, reminded him of one of Gaius's experiments with lodestones. Merlin scanned the canvas carefully; the patch where the dice fell was perfectly flat and smooth.

Merlin let time fall back into place, and in the hubbub that followed his latest win he leaned in close to Aloysius and whispered, his lips barely moving, "I'm betting on twelve. Put all your money on the same."

"Are you sure?"

"Course I am," said Merlin, thankfully sounding a great deal more confident than he felt. "Don't listen to anything I say after you bet, just go through with it, and then that's it, no more after this one. Whatever happens, we're done."

Aloysius gave Merlin a discreet nod.

Merlin went back to being pleased and astonished at winning again, carefully not meeting the Lady's eye.

"Place your bets, gentlemen, for another round. The Lady plays sweet doubles! How far can beginners' luck really go? Perhaps this time we'll see."

Merlin plucked a modest handful of pennies from his winnings and piled them on the twelve square. "Easy does it," he said to the crowd in general. "I'm bound to start losing any time now!"

The Lady smiled an inscrutable smile.

"Well, I think you're my lucky charm, my friend," said Aloysius, and pushed all of his money onto the square alongside Merlin's. "Haven't seen luck like this in a long while."

"No, don't!" Merlin protested, so vehemently that Aloysius looked genuinely startled. "It can't last, please, it doesn't mean anything, I'm bound to lose and-"

"Too late, my friend," said the man opposite, who'd piled his coins on number seven. "The Lady called."

The Lady nodded, a hint of apology in her eyes and suddenly Merlin realised what was going on. This was what she'd been waiting for. She wasn't going to accuse him of cheating. She'd been building false confidence, trying to make him - and the others - trust in his luck. She judged the perfect moment, when she had the most to gain, and that's when she would snatch it all away and make her profit.

The dice rolled, and Merlin slowed time.

It made the Lady's smile seem bolder, her slowed expression more knowing as the dice tumbled along the board, one side on each pulling towards the table in an unnatural way, bound eventually to land on a four and a three.

Merlin pulled harder.

The dice jumped one last time and landed neatly as a pair of sixes.

The Lady's smile vanished.

*

"You don't have to stay in this stupid castle," Aloysius said, as they walked back to the book stall. "Come with me. We could make a fortune."

"Thanks, but no. I'm not interested in money." Merlin had left the tent feeling distinctly grubby and couldn't wait to get back to his chambers and into a hot bath. He really wasn't cut out to be a gambler.

"Don't you ever get suffocated,here? You have all this talent, why not use it?"

Suffocated? Suffocated wasn't the half of it. "I do use it. I've got things to do here."

"In a repressed kingdom run by a tyrant, living with an ancient apothecary and servant to a spoiled brat of a prince? I find that hard to believe, my friend."

"You'd be surprised."

Back at the stall Merlin was relieved to see Geoffrey still poring over books and parchments, although to his dismay the pile of things to be carried back to the archives looked bigger and heavier than ever. Merlin was beginning to regret not bringing a cart.

"You could borrow a cart. We have one behind the wagon."

Merlin jumped, startled. He gave Aloysius a suspicious look. "Can you read minds?"

"A little. Yours is particularly easy, actually, you should watch out for that. Most of it's on your face, perfectly obvious for anyone who wants to look closely enough."

"Then why did you need me to win the money? You knew she was cheating, you could have just plucked the numbers out of her head every time."

"I can't read her," Aloysius admitted. "I've played her tables many times but I couldn't even be sure she was cheating, she's that good. But I knew I'd beat her one day."

"So that's why you needed me? To get some kind of revenge for losing?"

Aloysius clapped Merlin on the shoulder. "You're a very fast learner, my friend!"

"That's what I keep telling people," said Merlin.

They'd reached the shelves where the scrolls lay. Aloysius pulled the blue one with the black cap from the shelf and handed it to Merlin. "Thanks," he said. "You did me a big favour today."

"You won't need to go back any more now," Merlin said. "That's a lot of money."

"Yes," Aloysius said, but there was a glint in his eye that made Merlin's heart sink. This wasn't the end of it for Aloysius. Merlin had heard of gamblers in Camelot, people who lived for the thrill and the hope of winning and gave up their lives and families to the despair of losing in the process.

"You could do things with the money," Merlin said. "Good things."

But Aloysius just shook his head. "This is where we part ways, my friend. Help yourself to the cart."

With a friendly wave, Aloysius sauntered away, leaving Merlin with an armful of magic and a sinking feeling that all of this might have been a very bad mistake, and had not helped anyone at all.

The gold lettering on the topmost scroll glinted in the late afternoon sun.

Except Leon, he thought.

That would be more than enough.

*

Merlin fetched the cart, which was at the rear of the wagon just as Aloysius had promised, wrapped the scroll carefully in his neckerchief and covered it with his jacket for good measure before rolling the cart around to the front of the stall where Geoffrey was practically dwarfed by the mountain of books he'd chosen.

"Is it okay to borrow this?" Merlin asked Henry the bookseller. "Your assistant said he thought-"

"Yes, yes, of course," said Henry. "Now, Geoffrey, I have one last purchase you might be interested in. It's a slim volume, but of great interest to any military tactician. I'm sure Uther might find it useful."

"Uther rarely consults books on matters of military strategy," Geoffrey replied. "He trusts only his instincts and experience." There was a slight lift to Geoffrey's eyebrows that hinted his disapproval at Uther's attitude. Merlin rather enjoyed that; it wasn't often Geoffrey was ever anything other than strictly proper.

"But this is the counsel of Vegetius himself! Most renowned of Roman military minds."

The book was small, compared with the rest of Geoffrey's pile, in a plain but sturdy leather binding with a little silvered clasp. Henry offered it for Geoffrey's scrutiny, but Geoffrey shook his head and waved it away. "I'm sure he has something similar already. It collects dust, for the most part. I'll leave this one for someone with a more open mind."

"May I have a look?" said Merlin.

Geoffrey looked astonished, but Henry passed it to Merlin without comment. Merlin flipped through the pages; the words were neatly drawn in deep brown ink and there were illustrations in vivid blues and reds. It looked beautiful, despite the fact that phrases like 'enemy', 'discipline' and 'attack' were sprinkled evenly through the text.

Merlin kept hold of the book until Geoffrey was thoroughly absorbed in another pile of treasures, and then he quietly said to Henry, "How much do you want for this?"

Henry smiled kindly. "I'm afraid even to a member of the royal household I'd still have to ask for three hundred silver."

Merlin's winnings from the gambling table were a hefty weight in his pocket.

"Alright. Could you wrap it?"

Henry looked as if he were about to laugh, until Merlin dragged the fat pouch full of coins from his pocket. "This should be enough," he said, and poured the money into Henry's quickly-outstretched hand.

"But you-"

"I've been saving up," Merlin said, firmly. "For a really long time."

"But-"

"Is there a problem?" asked Merlin. "I don't mind buying something somewhere else if there is."

Henry shoved the coins into the pocket of his big leather apron and shook his head firmly. "No, sir, not at all. Wrapped, you said?"

"Yes please," said Merlin. "It's a present."

An hour later, when Merlin was finally dragging Geoffrey's cartful of books back to the castle, he saw Leon again, sitting on the steps with a group of knights. He was smiling and joking with them, just like the old days, except that when he laughed it turned to coughing, and he coughed hard and painfully and couldn't stop, tears streaming down his face. Merlin could hear the concerned murmurs of his friends, watched as someone produced a water skin for him to drink from.

Merlin's fingers tightened on the handles of the cart, and he strode so quickly cross the courtyard that it was all Geoffrey could to to keep up.

*