The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

The Librarian

She looked up from her work and noticed him sitting there. Every day 
at the same time he came into the library, picked a book off the shelf 
and sat down in the same place. He was a handsome man, 6' 4' and well 
built, with a shock of blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. She 
wondered what he was like. What his voice sounded like. What his 
thoughts were like. What he looked like naked. That last thought made 
her blush. She tried very hard not to think of the library patrons in 
a sexual way but with this man it was very hard. She could imagine his 
firm, naked body above her, his eyes gazing into hers as he thrust 
into her.

"Excuse me"

Her fantasies were swept away as she noticed the form before her. Mrs. 
Ford held an armful of books and looked at her with a knowing smile. 
She placed the books on the counter so that Tanya could check them out 
for her. As she stamped the books the elderly woman leaned towards her 
and said, "Why don't you ask him to fuck your brains out."

Tanya was shocked. "Excuse me?" she stammered.

"I said why don't you ask him out."

"Oh I couldn't possibly. I'm sure he wouldn't be interested in someone 
like me."

"Of course he would dear. You're a very attractive young lady. Why if 
I was fifty years younger I would make a play for you myself." She 
dropped the startled young librarian a wink. "You didn't know that 
about me did you? Why do you think I never got married? But I am 
digressing. Ask him out dear. What do you have to lose?"

My life when I die of embarrassment after he says no she thought.
Mrs. Ford gathered her books and headed for the front door. As she 
stepped out she turned back and said, "Looks like a nasty storm 
brewing dear. Maybe you should close up early today." She disappeared 
down the front steps.

What a great idea. I could close early and go home to an empty house. 
What fun. Sometimes Tanya got depressed about her life. She wondered 
why she could never attract a man. Well Ok, why couldn't she attract 
the right man. Men were always asking her out, but they were all such 
sleazes. She wished that just once a nice man would ask her out. Like 
the man that was sitting not twenty feet from her right now. God he 
was so sexy. Once again she started to fantasise about him. About his 
strong hands roaming over her body, his tongue gently flicking her.
A crash of thunder brought her out of her reverie. She walked over to 
the front doors of the library and looked out. The storm had arrived 
and driving rain was now washing the streets. Not a soul stirred out 
there and with only an hour till closing time it was obvious that she 
would have no more customers today. Thunder crashed again and this 
time the lights flickered. Oh my she thought. I better get the candles 
out. I don't think the power is going to last long. She walked to the 
small room behind the front counter and went to the storage cabinet. 
She grabbed two thick candles just as the lights went out. The library 
was cast into darkness. Dammit she thought. I will never find the 
matches now. She slowly backed out of the room, careful not to bump 
into anything. She sat down on her stool and wondered what to do. 
Lightning flashed, briefly illuminating the room before her. With a 
gasp she remembered she was not alone. He was sitting there at his 
usual spot, the book now closed before him. 
"Your still here" she said into the darkness.

"Yes" came the reply.

God she thought, even his voice is sexy.

"I don't suppose you have some matches there." She felt more confident 
speaking to him in the dark.

"Will a lighter do?" he asked.

"Yes. I have some candles here, could you come over here and light 
them for me?"

"Of course. Anything for you." A burst of flame erupted from his hand 
and he used the light to find his way over to her. He reached down and 
touched the flame to the wick of one of her candles. 

"Your hand is trembling," He said, so close now that she could see the 
light from the candle reflected in his eyes.

"I'm sorry. I guess I'm a little nervous."

"Don't worry, you have nothing to fear from me."

"I'm not afraid" she replied. "I'm just not used to being this close 
to a man like you."

"Like me? How do you mean?"

"Well you're so handsome and I am so..."

"You are beautiful" came the reply from the figure before her. 

"Really?" she asked. She had been told that before but had never 
believed it. But coming from this man she felt that he was speaking 
the truth.

"Really" he said, reaching out to touch her hand. She felt a small 
spark of static electricity as their hands touched.

"I guess I am just shy" she said.

"So am I" he replied.

"You? Shy? But how could someone like you be shy?"

"I usually try to hide it by pretending to be someone else"

"Oh I don't think I could ever do that."

"Sure you can." He took her hand and led her out from behind the 
counter. "It's easy to be someone else in the dark"

"What's you name?" she breathed. Her heart was thumping so hard she 
was sure he could hear it.

"David." He whispered. 

Their faces were so close that she could feel his breath on her lips. 
His hands were on her shoulders now and she could feel that they were 
as strong as they looked. Without another word she leaned forward and 
pressed her lips against his. He pulled her close, pressing her 
breasts against his chest. They kissed deeply, passionately. She felt 
his tongue brush against hers and pushed her own into his mouth. His 
hands slipped down and rested on her breasts, squeezing gently. Fire 
raced through her body as it responded to his touches. She moved her 
hand down and felt that he was very hard down there. 
Omigod she thought, I did that to him. The thought thrilled her. She 
found the zipper and eased it down. She slid her hand inside his pants 
and stroked her hand over his cock. It jumped under her touch. She ran 
her hand along the length of it, stroking him through his boxers. She 
felt her blouse open and her bra start to slip off her shoulders. She 
broke from him and stepped back. They gazed at each other like hungry 
animals. In silence they started to strip off their clothes. In a 
matter of seconds they stood naked before each other. She could feel 
his eyes running over her body. It was a feeling she welcomed. They 
embraced again, naked flesh melded together. She could feel him 
pressing against her down there. Once again her hand found it's way 
down and this time she could grab him properly. She started to stroke 
him again. 
Then an idea struck her. She had heard about it and she had read about 
it. Her friend had even told her how it was done. She knelt down 
before him, taking him in both hands now. She leaned forward and 
lightly flicked her tongue across the tip of his cock. It moved under 
her touch and she smiled. She opened her mouth wide and encircled him. 
Slowly taking him in, sliding her lips down the length of his shaft. 
She heard him moan as she started to move her head backwards and 
forwards. She sucked on his cock as she moved, quickly making it slick 
her own saliva. She stroked him with one hand as she used the other to 
gently massage his balls. She could feel him start to thrust his hips 
toward her and she was careful not to let him thrust to deep into her 
mouth. She could hear his breathing become ragged as his balls started 
to draw up in her hand. With a shout he came in her mouth, thick ropes 
of cum shooting down her throat. She swallowed hungrily and continued 
to suck him, trying to get every drop she could from him. At last he 
finished and reached down to lift her to her feet.

"That was great" he said and kissed her deeply.

"I'm glad you liked it" she replied, "it was my first."

"You're a natural. Now I have to return the favour." 

He lifted her up and placed her onto the counter, his body between her 
legs.
Kissing her deeply he ran his hands over her body. He cupped her 
breasts and squeezed them tightly, and then released them. He took one 
breast and squeezed it again, this time placing his mouth over the 
nipple and sucked. Tanya shivered with delight as David's mouth went 
to work on her now erect nipple. His free hand slid further down to 
her pussy. She was very wet now and he easily slid two fingers into 
her. He worked them in and out, slowly pushing them in as far as he 
could. Tanya let out a low moan as David's fingers began to pick up 
speed. He looked into her eyes and slid three fingers in, thrusting 
faster and harder with every stroke. She tried to return his gaze but 
the pleasure that was rushing over her was too much.

"Oh God yes! Finger fuck me. Fuck me hard!"

His response was immediate, his speed increasing, the palm of his hand 
slamming into her swollen clit with every stroke.
Tanya threw back her head and yelled as her orgasm shook her body. 
Again and again waves of pleasure crashed over her body, her hips 
involuntary humping David's now soaking wet hand.
At last she lay back on the counter, her body glowing in the 
candlelight.
David leaned down and kissed her lightly on the lips.

"That was great," she said. "I've never had a man do that to me 
before."

"Well it's not over yet. We have a long way to go."

She smiled as lightning flashed outside. "I was hoping there was more. 
What do we do next?"

He took her hand and guided it down to his flaccid penis. "Well first 
we have to wake this up."

Tanya took her cue and started to stroke him, feeling his cock come to 
life under her ministrations. She sat up and slid off the counter. 
They kissed again and she could feel him pressing against her belly. 
She knew what she wanted him to do right now. She wanted him inside 
her, wanted to wrap her legs around him. 
His hands slid down her back to her arse, grabbing and squeezing her 
cheeks. She lifted one leg up and wrapped it around his waist, trying 
to position herself so he could penetrate her. David knew what she was 
trying to do and used his hands to support her thighs. With a deft 
movement she had both legs up and wrapped around him. She could feel 
his cock pressing against the lips of her pussy. The feeling of being 
so close yet so far was maddening.

"Please" she begged, "stick it in me."

David lifted her thighs then lowered her onto him. She sighed as he 
slid into her. They started to rock gently, their bodies melting into 
each other. David carried Tanya over the nearest wall and pressed her 
back against it. She responded by squeezing her legs tightly around 
his hips. Their movements began to be more rapid, more primal. David 
pushed harder, pressing Tanya harder and harder against he wall. He 
grunted with every thrust. Tanya too grunted each time that he pressed 
into her. She felt like an animal in heat. She drew her nails down his 
back, drawing fine lines of blood. David felt the nails dig into his 
flesh and pounded into her. They were animals now, fucking with a 
passion as hot as the sun. With a shriek Tanya orgasmed again, a fire 
in the centre of her being that threatened to consume her. She grabbed 
David's head and pulled it into her breasts as climaxed. Her yells 
echoed through the empty stacks of the library.
The orgasm was tremendous; the best that she had ever had but it did 
not satisfy her. She wanted more, she needed more. She pulled his head 
up and looked him in the eye.

"Did you cum?" she asked.

"Not yet." His breathing was laboured but he had a hungry look in his 
eyes.

"Good" she said. "Because I want you to do something."

"What?" he asked.

"I want you to fuck my ass."

He smiled at her. She could tell that the idea appealed to him. He let 
her down and she walked to the centre of the room. With her back to 
him she got down on all fours and waggled her butt at him. David 
walked over to her, stroking his cock. It was slick with juices. Tanya 
knew that it would slide into her ass with ease. The though filled her 
with desire. She looked back at him and smiled. David knelt down 
behind her and placed his hands on her hips. He placed the head of his 
cock at the entrance to her ass.
He pushed forward, slowly sliding it into her. 
Tanya gasped as the head passed through the entrance. It stung a 
little at first but the pain quickly faded. In its place was a desire 
greater than anything she had ever felt.

"Fuck me! Fuck me now!" she snarled at him.

David did as he was told. He thrust all the way into her, burying 
himself up to the hilt.

"Oh God" she moaned. "Do me hard baby."

He thrust harder, faster. His balls making a slapping sound as they 
bounced off her still wet pussy. Tanya's fingers dug into the carpet, 
an involuntary grunt escaping her lips with every thrust.

"Fuck this is so tight" groaned David. "I don't think I can hold out 
much longer."

Tanya could feel another orgasm swelling in her body. "Yes baby, cum 
with me, cum in my ass."

"Oh God I'm cuming" yelled David. His thrusts were pounding into 
Tanya, pushing her into the floor. He grabbed her hips tightly as he 
came, spurting jets of cum deep into her.
Tanya felt the swelling of his cock in her ass and the sensation 
pushed her over the edge. She dropped her head onto the floor and 
screamed, her orgasm pushing all reasonable thought from her mind.
They collapsed together onto the floor in the middle of the library; 
their bodies still joined. David reached around and held Tonya close.

"That was incredible," she said. Her voice was heavy, drained. 

"Sshh" he whispered to her. "Sleep now. We can continue in the 
morning."

"Yes" she said as she fell asleep, "in the morning"

They slept.

