Dean’s in a mood; Sam can smell it from a mile away.

Not that he has to, since his mate has been glued to his side practically since the sun came up.

It’s distracting, that tangy scent—almost like vinegar—and Sam keeps suggesting Dean go lie down, or run the perimeter, or even check how Bonnie’s doing with the kids, but it only makes Dean glower and stick closer than ever. Which makes it really, really difficult to teach the new recruits hand-to-hand combat.

Finally, Sam gives in to the inevitable and uses Dean as a sparring partner to illustrate the moves they’re going over. It works for a couple of minutes, and then Dean starts speeding up, which makes Sam hurry his own motions to match his mate’s, which in turn sends Dean’s reflexes racing, and pretty soon all the recruits are seeing is a blur.

Sam steps back as soon as he realizes what’s happened, pulling out of the match, and then finds himself crashing into a tree halfway across the farmhouse when Dean is a little too slow in pulling his last punch. Although from the unconcerned way his mate is jogging over to him, it wasn’t exactly a mistake.

“What the hell, dude?” Sam mutters under his breath as Dean hauls him up. It’s the first time they’ve both been far enough from an audience to chance the question. He isn’t sure Dean will answer even now, of course, but it’s worth a shot.

But Dean only growls, “Ditch the puppies and follow me,” before loping off toward the farmhouse.

Sam has half a mind to make his mate wait—Dean’s behaving like an asshole—but the cougar reminds Sam that things have been hard for Dean lately, and that Sam hasn’t exactly been paying as much attention to him as he should, what with all of the new recruits running around and demanding his attention, and he ends up running after his mate without even bothering to dismiss the would-be hunters.

They’ve been here long enough that Dean’s scent coats the very earth—mingled with Sam’s: makes the farm smell like home—but it isn’t difficult to follow the most recent trail because it’s overlaid with that same bitter, vinegar scent. Sam traces his mate up to the room they share—wide windows, to let in as much of the sun and the moon as possible, to give Dean that extra reassurance that he isn’t getting shut up anywhere ever again—and finds himself shoved against the wall as soon as he steps inside. Dean’s mouth is on his in the next instant, hungry and demanding, and Sam would be all for it if his mate weren’t still giving off that smell.

Turning his head to the side, he gasps, “And I repeat, what the hell?”

“Shut up,” Dean rumbles, already diving back in for another kiss.

This one is fierce enough to draw blood, and Sam winces when his mate pulls away. Dean looks at him steadily, questioning and intent all at once, and for a moment Sam’s too distracted by how beautiful his mate is to figure out what Dean’s asking. Then he realizes that his mate’s scent has changed, shedding that vinegar tang and deepening into something musky and thick.

They don’t do this often—Sam thinks mostly because Dean still thinks he has something to prove to himself—but it isn’t exactly unheard of, and Sam is in no way averse to letting his mate drive. Neither is the cougar, which has begun to purr with contentment inside of him.

Sam isn’t sure which of them tilts his head up, but Dean takes the movement for the assent it is and darts in to bite hungry bruises into his throat. Sam has a moment to remember he should have taken his shirt off before giving the high sign and then the cotton is being torn from his body as Dean drags him toward the bed. His pants are shredded too, which is even more annoying because Sam liked those jeans, damn it.

He supposes he should be happy that they’re at least using the bed—the last time his mate got into this mood, Sam ended up getting fucked against a tree in broad daylight. Sam ran past the place a couple of days ago on perimeter patrol and there are still furrows gouged into the trunk from Dean’s fingers—or maybe that was both of them: Sam’s not really sure what he was doing with his hands at the time.

“Ours,” Dean growls now, and Sam can hear Geri in the word as well, just as hungrily possessive as his other half.

But no matter how driven Dean is when he gets like this, he still takes his time prepping Sam, shoving his head between Sam’s legs and using tongue and lips and fingers. It’s shocking, blissful intensity, and before long Sam is panting and sweat-drenched. His muscles are tight, his hands clutching the metal slats in the headboard. They had the thing handmade by a smith, but Sam can feel the metal warping beneath his hands and forces himself to ease up.

Dean lifts his head then, responding to some kind of inner clock only he and Geri are aware of, and lunges up Sam’s body to reclaim his mouth. Sam spreads his legs to make more room between them and kisses back until Dean decides he’s had enough and breaks the kiss.

“Tell us,” Dean demands, Geri still riding strong within him. Sam can almost see the twinned soul in his mate’s eyes.

Even in his distracted state, he knows what’s expected of him—Dean won’t do this without verbal, crystal clear permission—and he immediately answers, “Fuck me.”

It’s nothing but rutting then, both of them breathing hard and leaving claiming fingerprints and mouth-shaped bruises and both trying to outfuck the other. Sam gets one leg up over Dean’s hip, which has Dean hitting him just right inside, and then concentrates on tightening up so that Dean makes guttural, startled noises and loses his rhythm.

“Mate,” Sam breathes, wrapping one hand in Dean’s hair, and Dean’s eyes squeeze shut as he shudders and comes. Sam rolls them before his mate has finished climaxing, easing off of Dean’s twitching cock and then pushing in himself.

Dean is lax with his orgasm, and they spent most of last night in bed, but he’s still blissfully tight and Sam only manages a couple of thrusts before finishing himself. He collapses on top of his mate without pulling out and lies there, waiting for his heart to stop racing. Inside of Sam, the cougar stretches out with a blissful, contented purr and is still.

Sam gives them all a couple of minutes and then asks, “Wanna tell me what that was all about?”

Dean shifts beneath him, looking evasive and a little embarrassed. “What, like we need a reason now?”

“You smelled like vinegar,” Sam points out, nuzzling at his mate’s cheek.

“Yeah, well, you’re no bouquet of roses yourself, sweetheart.”

The words are all joke and bravado—lying by evasion—and Sam fixes him with a stern look. “That isn’t what I meant, and you know it.”

Dean grimaces at that, glancing away. “Can’t you just accept the fact that we had some pretty fantastic sex and drop it?”

“Is that all it was?”

Sam doesn’t think Dean’s going to give him a straight answer at all, despite the fact that they agreed not to lie to each other (the thing with Gleipnir and Lilith totally doesn’t count, that’s for Dean’s own good), but then Dean’s face twists into a petulant expression that can only come from one place.

“Saw with stupid red bitch,” Geri answers. “Touched you. Not hers. Ours.”

Dean blinks and the wolf is gone, buried again. With a grimace of mingled embarrassment and annoyance, he grumbles, “Way to maintain a unified front, fur butt.”

“You were jealous?” Sam says, surprised. “Of Helen? Helen with the husband and the third trimester pregnancy? That Helen?”

The sulky lines around Dean’s mouth deepen. “Shut up,” he mutters. “You do it all the time.”

“Do not!”

“Oh, please,” Dean scoffs. “Like I can’t smell it on you. And let me tell you, Sammy: it smells a heck of a lot worse than vinegar.”

Sam flushes a little at that, wondering just how much stronger his own possessive streak is, and then the cougar noses its way forward and licks along Dean’s jaw.

“To Ragnarok’s Door and beyond,” it breathes. “We will love you. Even when you smell of wet dog.”

Sam laughs silently inside his head as Dean blinks, looking more like owl than canine.

“Was that supposed to be a joke?” Dean asks when he has recovered.

With a husky little laugh, the cougar slinks back down.

“Because we didn’t think that was very funny,” Dean continues. “I mean, we’ve got a ton of cat jokes, but you don’t see us using them, do you?”

Sam’s expression apparently isn’t contrite enough because Dean’s eyes narrow and he says, “Okay, fine. You want to play dirty, let’s go. Why don’t cats play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs. What do you call a cat that swallowed a duck? A duck-filled-fatty-puss. Why did the cat run from the tree? Because it was afraid of the ba—”

Still laughing, Sam kisses his mate and shuts him up.