Hello everyone. This is pankaj from Mumbai. I m 28 years old, from Mumbai. I am a great fan of this site & just love the versatile content available on this site .

The woman in story is my neighbor . Her name is Prabha . She's mother of two, 36 yrs of age & a body that is dream of every man. Though she lives in our neighborhood, I was never inclined towards her. She was frank and friendly by nature and I used to share an open relation with her. One day I saw her husband making love to her.

That day I couldn't take my mind of her & masturbated 3 times thinking about her. From that day my desire to get her aroused. All day & night I kept thinking about her. Her long black hair, rosy lips, large boobs, heavy round ass & smooth milky skin. All of sudden she appeared to me as the sexiest woman on this earth. The sight of her naked boobs refused to escape my mind. I wanted to squeeze, kiss, lick & eat those melons. Finally overcome by desire, I decided to go for the kill. Her husband was out of city & it was a perfect opportunity. I wanted to cash it to maximum. I went to her house. The door was open & as usual I went inside. She was standing in the kitchen with her ass towards me. I scanned her body through my eyes, admiring her heavy ass & curvalous body. She was wearing the same gown she had worn other day. I went behind her, placed my palms on her boobs while pressing my crotch on her ass. She turned back sharply. On seeing me she said in anger what is it ? What the hell is this. But my senses were completely overtaken by passion. I ignored her words & at the same time my eyes fell on her large boobs. They were concealed in white bra which was visible under her transparent gown. What are you looking at? Get out. She said. My cock was erect & I was in no mood to listen to her.

I told her that I want to fuck her to my heart's content. She said that it was wrong I argued that if she can make love to her son then she can also make love to me. She just put her eyes down. I moved forward, raising her chin & embracing her in my arms. I know you want it. With that I placed my lips on her lips & started sucking her mouth. The feel of her soft red rosy lips was mind blowing. It made me really hot & I started sucking her lips. Her response indicated that she too was getting excited. She held me through my waist. We both came closer & our bodies glued together. My monster was trying to come out & pain was unbearable. It was pressing against her belly. Our tongues were rolling mutually. It was an awesome feeling. We were kissing hard pausing in between to get our breath. I moved down kissing her neck & licking her ear lobes. My hands untied knot of her gown & then slided it of her shoulders. Now woman of my dreams was only in her bra & panty. Her boobs were looking larger in her bra. I started feeling her nude back. Massaging my way through her soft flesh I unhooked her bra. Her swollen monsters were loosened. They were simply gorgeous. Big, round, milky white with brown aureoles & dark brown nipples. I started squeezing them, trying to feel their roundness. She cooperated by pressuring my hands on her boobs. I took her right nipple in mouth while twitching the left one. She started moaning ohhhhh!!!!! Dear pls suck them ohhhhh!!! I never felt so good keep on doing it honeys. Her words encouraged me. I mouthed her other nipple & twitched the previous one. I kept playing with her boobs for 20-25 odd minutes. All through she kept her moaning high. I bend down as I kiss her belly area. Reaching her navel, I made circle around it with my tongue. Her hands fondled my hair. I moved down to her panty, kissed her mound over it. Was about to slide it down, when she stopped me. I looked at her in surprise. She said lets move to bedroom. I agreed & picked her in my arms. I placed her on the bed & removed her panty. Her beautiful cunt was exposed. It was clean shaven with pink outer lips surrounding red clit. It was first time I saw woman's cunt. I kept staring it at the same time exploring it through my fingers. Seeing me staring at it she said don't you think you should insert something into it? I said I would but first I wanted to enjoy her cunt. With that I ran my tongue along the length of her cunt. I started licking her cunt. At the moments inserting my tongue & biting her clit. Her juices were flowing & I could feel the smell as well as the wetness of her juices. The taste was also great. She was moaning hard.

Her one hand was pushing my face in her cunt while the other was pinching her nipples. I continued sucking her cunt. Soon, she cummed, wetting my face with her delicious juices. I swept my face as she placed her lips on mine & we started kissing. While kissing she removed my shirt & vest. Now she laid me down & climbed on top of me. She started kissing me all over my chest, my nipples & my abdomen. Then she pulled my briefs down. My 8inch monster emerged out. She looked at it admiringly & said wow! I never knew you have such a beautiful tool. With that she swallowed my cock & started sucking it like a lollypop. She continued to do it. I kept enjoying it feeling the warmness of her mouth around my cock. Soon I told her that I was about to cum but she didn't stopped. I exploded in her mouth. I could see the cum choking from her mouth. She licked my dick for any left over drops of cum. Then we lay in each-other arms. She was caressing my dick while I was fondling her boobs. My dick rose again. I told her that I wanted to enter her cunt. She said that she was waiting for this moment only. I made her sit in doggy position. Placing a pillow below her stomach, I took my dick & placed it at the opening of her hole. I started stroking it gently but after few initial strokes I pushed it hard. My entire dick disappeared in her cunt within one go. She left out a large scream & pleaded me to go slow. But I didn't listen & instead starting giving her long powerful strokes. She yelled for few moments but then started moaning. Her cunt was tight. I was feeling the pain but excitement of my first fuck was enough to keep me going. She was pushing her cunt back in rhythm while my cock was moving in & out. I held her butts for support. She had clinched the pillow tightly while her face was pressing into bed sheet. I continued stroking her cunt. The lava inside my balls was building up. I asked her was it safe to cum in her cunt. She said that it was a long time since she got this pleasure so she wanted to enjoy it to fullest. Gaining confidence from her words, I increased the pace of strokes. My cock was completely gripped by her cunt muscles. Finally I came huge, splashing my cum all over into her cunt. Soon after, she also came, lubricating my cock with her juices. I collapsed on her with my cock still in her cunt. We stayed like that for few moments & then she went to bathroom to get fresh up.

