"Harry…" Hermione began carefully. She wasn't at all happy with what she'd just been accused of. Honestly, as if she'd ever cheat on Ron, and with Draco Malfoy, no less, who was hardly her type and didn't even like girls to begin with. She didn't think it would do any good to yell at her best friend, however. He'd only become more unreasonable—provided such a thing were still possible at this point. So it was in a calm, collected tone of voice that she asked him, "Why are you still so angry at Malfoy anyway, Harry? You know very well that he didn't kill Dumbledore; you were there. You also know he had no choice, that they'd threatened his mum and…"

"That's not the bloody point!" he snapped, rudely cutting her off.

"All right. Then please tell me what is. I'm your friend, Harry, and I'd really like to read what's going through your mind right now. I mean, I understand why you might feel sad and frustrated about the people you couldn't save. I empathise with your fury at the Death Eaters the Wizengamot had to let go because there supposedly wasn't enough evidence to keep them locked up. All of that, I can understand perfectly, but as far as Draco's concerned…"

"Oh, it's Draco all of a sudden, is it?!"

Hermione decided to ignore that. "You should have seen him last night," she went on. "He really wasn't well. And he looks even thinner now than he did last year. He picks at his food like a bird. Haven't you noticed, Harry? It's quite disconcerting."

Harry let out an exasperated sigh. "Please don't tell me you're actually buying into his crap. I felt sorry for him too, you know, last year when Snape took him away, and even a little before that. I thought he was innocent. I was practically convinced he'd been forced into it by his father." He shook his head angrily. "But they found him in Voldemort's lair, Hermione, and he wouldn't tell any of the Aurors what had happened—not a word. He just struck a deal with the authorities in the end. He conveniently handed them Bellatrix on a platter and in exchange, they let him off scot-free, no questions asked."

"Yes, I know, but..."

"Oh, please! Even now, he refuses to talk about last summer. Would someone innocent behave that way?"

"Maybe," she muttered, mostly to herself, "if they were ashamed."

Harry frowned. "Ashamed of what, exactly?"

She took a deep breath. She didn't have the answer to that question, not yet. But she was starting to suspect terrible things had been done to Draco Malfoy, things he hated himself for, things he didn't want the world to know about...

"I don't know," she finally said.

"Right. There you go. Don't be taken in by him, Hermione. I almost was; I actually considered helping him last year, but I'm glad I didn't. It wouldn't have been worth the effort. At the end of the day, he's still a cunning, cold-hearted snake."

Hermione frowned, but she decided to let the matter rest; at least for now, until she had gathered all the facts.

Tom shook his head. It was already the middle of the afternoon and Malfoy was still in bed; he hadn't said two words since this morning and he seemed just as distressed as last night, if not even more so.

"I'm going to have a word with Snape," Tom announced. "Will you be all right by yourself? Can I trust you not to do anything stupid?"

"Yes," Draco said softly and pulled the covers more tightly around him. "Yes, of course."

Determinedly, Tom made his way down to the dungeons, nodding at a few Slytherins along the way. He was relieved when most of them nodded back.

He took a deep breath and knocked at the office door.

"Yes?" Snape called out.

Tom straightened his shoulders and went in.

Snape looked up from the papers he was grading. "Ah, Mister Riddle."

"Sorry to just show up out of the blue, Sir," he said politely, "but I was wondering if I might have a word?"

"If you must. And do take a seat."

"Thank you, Sir." Tom sat down on the chair in front of him. "It concerns Draco Malfoy. Forgive my bluntness, but what happened to him, exactly?"

Snape raised a quizzical eyebrow. "Pardon me?"

"Well. Surely, you've noticed, Sir? He's skittish, rarely eats, and sometimes even refuses to speak. Did something bad happen to him during the war?"

"Bad things happen to everyone during the course of a war," Snape stated sardonically. "That's partly the point."

Tom smirked. "In other words, no one around here plans to tell me a damned thing, do they... Sir?"

"It wouldn't be wise to provide you with foresight into what's still the future where you come from, Mister Riddle. I assume you possess the intelligence to grasp the reasoning behind this..."

"I'm not looking for answers about my future," Tom pointed out. "I'm merely hoping to find a way to help Draco Malfoy, Sir."

Snape smirked. "How very humanitarian of you, Mister Riddle. However, I don't think it would be wise to strike up a…." He gave Tom a meaningful look "...friendship with any of the other students. Such a thing would only lead to tears when you are sent back to your own time which, with any luck, should be happening soon."

Tom blinked. "How soon?" he couldn't help but ask.

"Three weeks from now, according to my contact. So don't start feeling too much at home, Mister Riddle. And I would also appreciate…" The sarcasm had left his voice now. "… if you would refrain from giving Mister Malfoy any false hope. He's had a little too much of that in recent years."

Tom frowned. He wished he knew what the man was referring to and he suddenly regretted not being more skilled at Legilimency.

A little unsteady on his feet, Draco headed down the stairs. He was on his way to the gardens. He'd been up in his room all day and thought he could do with a bit of fresh air.

Times like this, he missed his mother terribly. She would always make him feel better, no matter how hopeless things looked. Another reason why he couldn't understand why she had done what she did. Certainly, after her sacrifice, he'd made it through the war safely, more or less, but maybe he'd have been much better off just taking his chances as a Death Eater. Maybe then he'd wouldn't have lost her.

"All alone, Malfoy?" a mocking voice cut through his thoughts, as though out of nowhere. "Your new friend left you already, has he? And where are Goyle and Crabbe, I wonder? Ah yes, that's right. One's shagging a Ravenclaw and the other must be half-eaten by worms by now; luckily for them, there's quite a bit of him to go around... Such a shame for you, though. There's no one left to protect the precious Malfoy Heir."

Draco turned around slowly to face the speaker.

Harry Potter had his arms crossed and wore a murderous expression.

"That Ravenclaw used to be your friend," Draco pointed out. He was determined not to let this boy get the better of him.

"True enough, unfortunately," Harry said with a sneer. "Of course that was before she started spreading her legs for Slytherins…"

Draco shook his head in bewilderment. "I have no idea what happened to you, Potter," he retorted with as much venom as he could still muster, "and I can't say I'm terribly inclined to care, either, but I'm starting to think you'd be better off checking yourself into St. Mungo's. And then perhaps, if they ever let you out again, you and I can resume this conversation in a more civilised manner..."

Draco turned to leave, but Harry grabbed his arm. "You never used to be such a coward, Malfoy, to simply walk away from a fight. You used to have so much more nerve than this. What happened? Your pride died along with Daddy Dearest, did it?"

Draco swallowed hard. Why, he wondered, hadn't he taken Tonks' advice and gone to Durmstrang this year, or opted for private tutoring? Why had he insisted on returning to Hogwarts, albeit only for appearances' sake? If only his pride had died with Lucius, he thought bitterly, then maybe he wouldn't be in this position right now, about to get hexed into another dimension by someone who had probably dreamed of this opportunity for years.

Draco found he lacked the strength to fight back. He was fast running out of cutting remarks, too. But perhaps, he reasoned, it wouldn't be so bad for all this to finally be over: no more nightmares, no more paralysing guilt, no more pointless pining after the very person who loathed him the most.

No more. No more. No more.

"Do your worst, Potter," Draco finally said. "What'll it be? A nice dose of Cruciatus, perhaps, or another round of Sectumsempra? I'm all yours."

"Or I could just beat the crap out of you," Harry suggested flatly.

Draco braced himself and said nothing. Then he heard an incantation. He didn't catch which one it was, but he instantly found himself on the floor, unable to move. He opened his mouth to speak, but no words would come.

Slowly, menacingly, Harry moved closer. "All mine, huh, Malfoy?" He sneered. "Now there's an interesting idea..."

Draco swallowed hard.

"Just a shame, isn't it…" Harry delivered the boy on the floor a hard kick to the ribs. "… that I'd rather be buggered senseless by a rabid Hippogriff than touch you like that?"

Draco felt the tears prickle in his eyes. He couldn't decide what hurt the most, the sudden onslaught of physical pain or the emotional impact of those harsh words.

"And don't look so surprised, Malfoy," Harry added mockingly. "Everyone knows how much of a pouf you are. Probably took it up the arse from Voldemort too, didn't you? That was why you had such a pretty, private room upstairs, wasn't it? You were his little toy boy."

Draco felt the bile rise in his throat. Potter couldn't possibly know, he reminded himself, and it wasn't as if he'd let it happen willingly, either. Draco gritted his teeth and silently begged any deity that might have been listening: "Please, let him finish me off this time, and if it all possible, make it quick."

Harry raised his leg again, ready to deliver another blow, but he was suddenly interrupted by a loud voice in the corridor. "What in the seven hells of Hades do you think you're doing, Scarboy?"

Harry spun around, startled, and found himself standing face to face with a furious Tom Riddle.

"Release Malfoy this instant!" Tom said—no, commanded.

"You're in no position to give me orders, Riddle," Harry shot back. "Nor will you ever be."

"Is that so?" Tom mockingly looked his opponent up and down. "Fine. Have it your way, then."

The next thing Harry knew, he was magically flung across the room, until he finally landed against the wall, banging his head hard in the process.

Riddle gave a satisfied smirk. Taking slow, confident steps, he sauntered over.

Despite the throbbing pain at the back of his skull, Harry quickly reached for his wand, ready to cast the first curse, anyone that might come to mind.

Tom shook his head in amusement. "I think not, Scarboy." He snapped his fingers and effortlessly, Harry's wand flew into his hand. "A little out of your league, aren't you? Ever heard of the expression choose your battles wisely?"

Harry gulped. Riddle wasn't supposed to be this powerful. How was this even possible?

"So," Tom went on, "I repeat: Release Malfoy. Or do I actually have to kill you in order to break your spell?" He twirled Harry's wand between his fingers. "You'd only have to say..."

"Finite Incantatem," Harry croaked out, and the spell worked, even wandlessly.

"Are you all right over there, Malfoy?" Tom asked over his shoulder.

"Yeah," came the strained response. "I-I think so."

Draco stood up quietly, afraid to look at Harry, afraid to look anywhere but at the floor, lest he fell to pieces, there and then.

"Good."

Tom turned his attention back to Harry. He took another step closer to him, roughly pulled him up by the shoulders and forcefully shoved him against the wall.

"Just so you won't forget," Tom hissed and then he slapped Harry hard across the face, leaving a red imprint of his hand on Harry's cheek and sending Harry's glasses flying to the floor where they instantly shattered.

"Don't ever mess with my friend again," Tom spat viciously, before he finally let go and turned around.

He made a point of ignoring the sobbing, whimpering pile on the floor behind him, while he carefully led a shaking Draco back to their room.