The Dirty Girl
by Pixie (ppixie@bk.ru)

The first few days after my gang rape by Gary and his gang went surprisingly normal. When I had dragged myself home at the end of the big day, I retreated to my room and just said "I don't feel well, and I didn't come out all the rest of the day, my family left me alone, except my mother who looked in on me once in the late evening, but all I could tell her was the best thing she could do for me was to just let me sleep. She suspected menstrual pain, and I let her believing that.

The next morning I could almost walk normally again, even though the redness and swelling of my vulva and the burning pain in my vagina accompanied me for a few days. I heeded Gary's warning not to tell anyone about the incident but only for my cousin Martin's sake, who had unintentionally gotten me into the whole trouble, so I kept everything private.

The physical pain was forgotten after a week. However, the processing in my mind of what my soul had gone through was of course far from over, perhaps it is not over even now. But I remember that it began to dawn on me at that time, that everything in the world has its pros and cons. Despite all the humiliation that had been done to me, I felt something like pride, to have passed the "test" and after all, no longer to be among those nice, virgin girls in my class who knew as much about fucking and giving head as the man in the moon. I noticed how the incident had made me secretly more confident, both with my classmates and friends as well as in situations where boys tried to hitting on me.

The compulsion and humiliation were not forgotten, but I tried to suppress all the negative aspects as far as possible by fooling myself, imaging that most girls would come sometime in their lives in situations where they have to have sex with men with whom they do not want to have sex with, and that the true art of living was to make the best of it and find some element of it to enjoy it, if at all possible. The experience was something that gave me an insight, not least into myself, gang rape wasn't an everyday occurrence for a girl like me - and no one could make me responsible for causing it, at least I assumed at that time. Well, maybe I could really be accuse because I had let myself be persuaded to go along to the factory with the other girls knowing that there would be boys there, but even my parents would probably have not absolutely forbidden me to go with the three friends to a meeting place, where they often spent their lunch breaks.

I tried very hard not to see myself as the pitiful victim, the one whose life had been totally destroyed by the actions of others but three weeks later, when I realised that I hadn't had my period things did change a little. Martin came with me to get a pregnancy testing kit, it was a bit of a case of 'Great Expectations' on my part, I kind of expected a positive test result.

What could I do? - I had to tell my parents, and that was very difficult for me. I already guessed that that my parents would see my pregnancy as an even greater catastrophe for them than it was for me. After the violent horror that caused my pregnancy, I felt nevertheless that my parents would rally round me, something like: "Together we will cope with it all." But during the weeks and months after I told them, things gradually changed for the worse, especially when 'things started to become visible'. Thank God I could stop my parents from their original idea of going to the police to make a complaint. Gary Mason was of course a frighteningly well-known name to them as well as to everyone else in the area.

My tummy grew very large, very quickly it seemed to me. The holidays were just over, it was a warm late summer, and like most young girls I dressed for the heat, much to the chagrin of my parents, they expected me to dress like a nun, but, as in most things I always did it my own way. I really wasn't worried about showing my midriff. I felt comfortable wearing crop-tops and shorts in the summer heat, but I have to say that I was glad that the morning sickness of the first trimester had subsided before the heat of the summer came

At the start of my fourth month a neighbour, not a friend but a woman that I would usually pass with a greeting of some kind every time and she me but suddenly she asked me straight out, "Are you pregnant?" I really had no time to think, should I tell the truth or lie about it, I chose to tell the truth. The bomb was bound to drop in the neighbourhood eventually, so at least it was me that dropped it!

That neighbour began to gossip the news immediately, and it took less than a day, until my mother was asked on the street about the 'shame' that had befallen our family. That was the turning point in the relationship with my parents. It was initially only dumb allegations, carried by certain looks, gestures or just by the absence of those little favours that one member of a family usually does for another as a matter of course - soon it was also verbal attacks hitting me, increasing in frequency and severity because my parents felt the pressure of shame from all of their oldest friends and neighbours.

The consensus of opinion around the older population of our area was that a man could never penetrate a girl who was defending herself resolutely enough. I must have invented everything that I had told my parents just as an excuse to cover up that I had given myself to a boy. It would be better if I just finally admit everything and give them his name. The story of my rape could not possibly be true, because otherwise I would have told them instantly all about it and not only after I had missed my period. - It got worse from day to day. I wished I could have found a place to go until after I'd given birth, wished I could have run away somewhere. But how could I take care of myself? I was pregnant and I wasn't old enough to support myself.

My age also made it impossible to me to elope with a guy, I didn't have a boyfriend and there was no chance of finding a man that would be willing to take on a girl who was pregnant with another man's baby. I couldn't even contemplate an abortion now either because I had passed the magic twenty-six week mark. When I first told my parents that I was pregnant their religious beliefs stopped them insisting on an abortion but now that the pressure had bult up so much they would have agreed if it hadn't been too late. I just had to bare the consequences of my pregnancy as well as my parent's disapproval.

During the first week of the new term news of my pregnancy ran around the school like a wild-fire. As the days went on the rumours got wilder and wilder, at one point the father of my unborn child was one of the teachers and within a day, the name of every male teacher was linked with me and my unborn baby. I was ridiculed and denigrated by my classmates and teachers alike, I'd had all of the sex education classes, I should have known better than to have had unprotected sex. One teacher even went further, while handing out English homework, he passed me by, he said, "I'd better not give Isabella any homework or she might not have time to service the twenty men who want to sleep with her this evening." I refrained from comment; I saw no English homework as a very positive result.

I think it was all of the comments and accusations that brought out the defiant streak in me. I brooded over the comments that people were making about me and the more people called me a slut the more I said to myself, "Well, if they think I'm a slut, perhaps, just perhaps I should actually behave like one." I also began to wonder exactly what it would be like to have sex, not as a violent act by others but as an act that I was in charge of, my choice of time, place and partner. Even though the rape in the factory had been meant as a punishment, an act of violence, the first few times I was fucked had given me an element of pleasure, I began to wonder if, under different circumstances, would I have enjoyed fucking with all of those guys. Thinking about it, Sarah, Jayne and Brittany went to the factory every lunch break and spent almost ninety minutes fucking with the boys and probably a few men as well, they must enjoy going there to do it so often.

I wished I could have talked to Sarah, Jayne or Brittany about what they got out of their meetings every lunch break but naturally, after luring me into the trap none of them would so much as give me the time of day after the rape. I could never have talked to my family about sexual matters, for one thing, my one afternoon in the derelict factory had given me more sexual experience than both my mother and father put together and I couldn't possibly ask Martin, he was a boy and besides that, he still felt incredibly guilty about being the cause of the punishment in the first place and he was finding it increasingly difficult to talk to me the fatter I got.

One day, I had picked up a small parcel at the post office for my parents after school and was on the way home, I stopped in front of the window of an electronics shop, there was a crowd of people watching a computer monitor. A camera had been mounted on top of the monitor but instead of just filming the people passing by, the image was being processed through a program that added different backgrounds into the scene. A snow covered landscape, a mountain field, a psychedelic swirling scheme of colours and swirls and finally it began to stretch the people widthways and then their height too, I found that the funniest picture of all.

Suddenly I felt someone standing behind me, reaching around my waist and stroking his hand over my stomach. Startled, I turned around and froze on the spot, quite literally: The hand belonged to none other than Gary Mason! He grinned at me and didn't make any attempt to take the hand off my stomach, he asked me quietly: "Do you feel our baby kicking already"? Amazingly, I relaxed instantly, "Sometimes?" I accepted his touch it, felt pleasant. I had met 'HIM' at last, the man who had determined my destiny, and 'HE', the king of all of the local criminal thugs, the one who was feared by so many people, 'He' was caressing my tummy and he was, apart from Martin, the first man for a long while who did not want to blame me for my predicament.

I could barely feel the pressure of his hand on my belly, I leaned back a bit against his body, his chest, and he opened two buttons of my short jeans to caress the lower part of my pregnant belly, but his hand soon slipped deeper down, and I did not resist him; his fingers ran through my pussy hair, it felt very pleasant to me, it was the first time anyone had touched me there with soft, almost loving fingers. I closed my eyes and enjoyed it, even when his rough forefinger stroked my clit, and I gasped with pleasure when he inserted it or the middle finger or both in my vagina, so quietly so gently, so tenderly, right there in the street with a camera filming everything and relaying it for me to watch on the monitor.

The fact that he was touching me in such an erotic way, in such a public place and the fact that the other people watching on the monitor, men were smiling at what they saw and women were gasping wasn't the real turn on for me, it was more that the coolest man in the neighbourhood wanted to touch me so much that he didn't care if others were watching us, mind you, he had already fucked me while all of his friends had been watching us proved to me that he didn't have a shy bone in his body. Gary Mason must be the most self assured, confident man in the world as far as I could see. Gary made me feel so special and safe that if he had wanted to strip me naked in front of all of those good citizens of our town I wouldn't have resisted. It suddenly felt as if the rape had never happened, as if I had, even back then, willingly taken part in the sex act for Gary and his friends.

I had been embarrassed for a fleeting moment but all thought of those people watching us left my mind as Gary brought me close to my orgasm, his finger felt like a cock inside my cunt, then he introduced a second finger into the mix and I finally gave way to the gasping orgasm that I so desperately needed. I imagined that the finger in my cunt was a cock, 'HIS' cock and when the second finger joined the first, I imagined two cocks in me, loving cocks, up to that point in time, the only cocks I had felt in my body had been violators, intruders, violent and raping, could a cock ever feel as loving as those fingers felt at that moment, I doubted it but that was from my very jaundiced view of cocks to that date.

Gary pulled his fingers out of my vagina and brought them to my mouth, he whispered, "Suck them!" Into my ear, it wasn't as if the taste of my own bodily juice was new to me, I had experimented with finger fucking myself and also experimented with my own taste. I sucked his index finger first and then his middle finger, I cleaned both of them individually and then he pushed both into my mouth, "How far can you take them, could you deep throate a long cock like mine?"

I felt very stupid, very young all of a sudden, it could have been the fact that Gary had brought me to an orgasm in the street or it could have been just the fact that he was the first person in weeks that hadn't turned his back on me, shunned me for being pregnant when I wasn't married but I really wanted to show Gary that I could love him despite everything so I turned to face him, I looked him in the eye and said, "Do you have a car? Take me for a drive and I can try, I can show you how willing I am!"

I knew that there was a car park behind the row of shops, there were houses backing onto the car park as well but I still took Gary by the hand and led him down the drive and into the car park where I assumed that he had a car parked, he didn't point out a car as I expected so, to his great surprise, I led him to the very back area of the car park and I dropped down onto my knees. As I pulled down the zipper of his fly, I looked all around, I had his cock out in my hand before I spotted the CCTV cameras, the whole act could be watched by some pimply faced security guard or even have been recorded but I took his cock into my mouth and tried as hard as I could to give him the best oral sex of his life. I tried far too hard, my lack of experience showed especially when I had to pull my head away and vomit because I had allowed him to push too hard to get into my throat.

I was just getting into my stride when the owner of the car that was closest to us returned with his shopping bags and spotted what we were doing, "Why can't you get a room?" He mumbled in disgust, he was obviously new to our area or he would never have dared to say anything.

Gary put up with a lot of my little accidents as I tried hard to teach myself how to suck his dick, how to please him with my hand and mouth. Gary gradually gave me more help and hints and slowly taught me how to suck him off properly, "You're a smarter girl, than I had thought", I almost beamed with pride at his words, I was totally comfortable with his cock in my mouth and could even take it in my throat for a few seconds at a time. Gary seemed in no hurry to fill my mouth with his seed, instead he bent down slightly and pulled my top up, catching my bra as he exposed my breasts and pulled both top and bra off over my head. The feeling of the cool wind telling me that my breasts were totally exposed and I suddenly felt freedom for the first time in ages.

The driver of the car that had just pulled out of the car park must have reported us to the owner of one of the shops because a man old enough to be my grandfather came over and just stood there watching us, Gary looked at him, he sneered and said, "Well, do you have a problem with what we're doing?"

"No Mr Mason, I was just curious."

I had thought that I would be shy, the shopkeeper actually knew me and my parents quite well, my inner voice kept telling me to get up, to cover my body from the shopkeeper's view but another, much stronger voice told me to just keep sucking, compared to Mason the shopkeeper was just a fly-speck on the windscreen of life, I knew that he wouldn't willingly do anything that might upset Gary.

"Would you like my girlfriend to suck your cock after she's finished sucking me off?"

"Well, of course I would but I can't afford to give you much money for her."

Gary smiled at him, "That's okay, my little bitch here is in training, she isn't worth paying at the moment but I think she shows promise and she will improve, the next time you use her it may cost you quite a bit so make the most of her now while she's free."

The shopkeeper waited patiently, he even pushed his hand down the front of his trousers and was rubbing himself a little as I finished sucking Gary. I got a jet of thin, bitter liquid fired into my mouth, then Gary started gasping and he twisted my hair in his fist and pulled my head harder against his abdomen, I felt the much thicker jet of semen fire into my mouth under great pressure and I began to swallow as quickly as I could, the act of swallowing, the slipperiness of the semen and the pressure that Gary was applying to my head meant that his cock slipped right into my throat before the rest of his semen flooded out into my body.

When I was finally released and pulled my head away from Gary's cock and was allowed to breathe freely I remembered the taste of semen I had been forced to take in the factory a few months earlier. It could have been that I took Gary's semen willingly but it didn't taste half as bad as I could remember semen tasting back then. the shopkeeper was leaning against a car, not his own car, just a punyters car that had been left there while the owner was shopping.

Gary pushed me over to the other man, "Get on with it, and make it quick!"

The shopkeeper was actually too frightened to open his own trousers, I knew that Gary was serious, he wanted me to do it and to do it fast so I had to uncage the shopkeepers minster from his trousers. The monster was a bit of a disappointment though, it was short and very fat, a little like the man himself, not a bit like Gary, the shopkeeper's beer-belly made it difficult for him to actually see what I was doing to him, much less see my semi-naked body as I knelt in front of him sucking his cock. His pubic hair was so long and black that it almost totally hid his cock from view even when he was fully hard. It wasn't overly hot but the man was sweating and he smelled of body odour and his cock smelled even worse. I would rather have just used my hand to get the guy off, he would have been perfectly happy with that but I knew that Gary wouldn't, I had been told to suck him off so that was what Gary expected me to do. Fortunately the elderly man was a 'quick study' and he fired off very quickly. My taste buds must have been desensitised by Gary's semen because the old guy's spunk didn't taste too badly at all.

I swallowed reluctantly and as soon as he finished spewing his thick slime I pulled my mouth off of his cock, I turned to Gary for praise and opened my mouth to show Gary the thick wad of semen as it slipped down my throat. Gary patted my head and told me that I'd done a very good job. Then he looked at the other man, "Well, I guess she was probably worth about ten pence this time, she will cost you next time though."

Gary gave the guy his card, it had his mobile number as well as his email address, "If you liked it and want to have another go at her, all you have to do is give me a call amd I'll fix up a date and a price."

Gary thought about it a minute or two as the man wiped his knob-end with a tissue before pushing his cock back into his trousers. "Hey, you're in retail, I'll make you a deal, discount for bulk, think about it and give me a call if you want her again. Remember, she'll go a lot further than your wife ever will."

I was lifted to my feet and Gary looked at my body, "Your breasts have already started to change, getting ready to be my little bastard's dinner stand."

He lifted my breast, felt the weight and smiled, then, while still holding the weight he pinched and rolled my nipples and then he looked a little disappointed, "I had hoped that I could encourage your milk to start flowing, I guess it's still too soon but I'll keep trying, I love to milk my cows, I do it to the mothers of all of my bastards."

I don't know if I looked shocked, I didn't feel shocked, the feeling of having my breasts fondled in that way was probably the most pleasant feeling that I'd had in years, second only to the little climax that Gary had given me a few minutes earlier. The look that Gary had seen was probably a slight fear that even more people would see me almost naked in the car park that was often used by my neighbours; even my parents used it occasionally.

"I can help you to have a little fun, introduce you to a few of my friends but you have to be good to them, I have a reputation to uphold in the area and I'm the only one who knows all the men who want to fuck stupid little fifteen year old sluts like you and I know all the men who are into fucking pregnant little cows. You could have a little fun and lets face it, you can't get anymore pregnant than you already are, can you?"

Gary's words hurt me a little but his hands were giving me a very different feeling, his hands were massaging love into my tits, I guess his words were meant to show me that I was worthless without him; there wasn't another single person in the whole town that showed me the slightest friendship or compassion. Gary made me feel safe; he made me feel wanted for the first time since I discovered I was pregnant.

Over the past few months I had come to detest being pregnant, if I could have got rid of the problem I would have in a heartbeat but bumping into Gary had changed that feeling for a moment, he seemed to be suggesting that I could have fun, I could turn my pregnancy into some kind of advantage, I just had to look at things differently, then my parents came back into my mind.

"I don't think my mother would allow me to have fun, I'm only out here now because I had to collect a package for her from the post office at the other end of the shopping precinct. Usually I have to go straight to school and then straight home again after school."

Gary looked a little disappointed in me, "You're a woman now, my baby growing in your body has turned you from a stupid little school girl and into a stupid little baby making cash dispenser, why the hell are you still living at home anyway?"

"I don't want to be at home but I don't have any money and I'm too young to work so I'm forced to live with my parents, I have thought often over the past few weeks of running away from home, believe me!"

Gary hugged me, pulling my naked breasts into his chest; I could feel his body heat through his thin cotton t-shirt warming deep into my soul. "I can help you, if you become one of my girls no one will ever dare to criticise you for being pregnant, no one will ever dare treat you badly ever again, well, not unless they've paid me to treat you badly. All you have to do in return is to be a good girl, do everything that you're asked to do, never say no to my friends and I'll look after you. I knew that first day in the factory that you were a very special little girl, a little shy but I can train that out of you, my friends who fucked you after I did still ask me when they can have you again, you're that special!"

I totally understood what Gary was telling me, I may just be fifteen years old but I worked out that Gary was offering to look after me if I worked for him as a prostitute. I had spent so long being the hated dog of the town to be beaten by anyone who wanted to feel superior, if I went with Gary, at least a few people would love me and those who wanted to beat me wouldn't dare if they knew that I was under Gary's protection.

Gary had been responsible for getting me into the state that had turned me into the most hated girl in the town and now he was offering to be the one to turn those misfortunes around. It didn't take much thought really, I could remain at home and never have any fun for the rest of my life or I could take up Gary's offer and have a little fun but I did realise that I would have to change, I'd have to forget the fairy tale 'love and marriage' thing, no knight in shining armour was going to ride up to me on a white charger and take me to live in his castle as his lady. I was going to have to change, get over my 'young girls shyness' and become a woman overnight.

Thinking time was over, "If I come with you I want to be treated better than you treat Sarah, Jayne and Brittany and I'm not a prostitute, if I do other men it will be because you want me to, not for the money they are paying."

I knew that what I had said was totally naive, Gary was the kind of man that I would be willing to walk over hot coal for and if he asked me to go and stand on a street corner and show my breasts to passing men to try and interest them in paying me for sex all he would have to do would be to ask and I would comply in an instance. I just wanted to start out on a footing that I could live with more easily. I looked into Gary's eyes, he could be the most violent and merciless man on the planet, his expression was dark for a moment and then he smiled.

"Tell yourself whatever you need to get by, just remember, do as I tell you, whenever I tell you to do it. I don't care if you have a headache, I don't care if your belly hurts, I don't care if you're frightened that what I want you to do will harm our baby, all you have to remember is to smile and do everything as soon as you're asked to do it and do it the best that you possibly can."

We were still standing in the car park and Gary began to push my jeans down, it was broad daylight and the last thing that I really wanted was to be caught totally naked in a public car park but I knew that it was a test, Gary wanted to prove to himself that he owned me, totally, body and soul and that I would do just exactly as he told me too, even in such a public place. He roughly forced three fingers up into my cunt, to my surprise I was flooding his hand totally, my brain might have been telling me that doing this in such a public place was wrong but my cunt was saying, 'Bring it on baby!'

Gary brought me to a very violent orgasm and my excitement was making me bellow out loud and clear, anyone passing would have no doubt that I was taking the greatest pleasure in the world from Gary's fingers in that public place. Gary was giving me so much pleasure and making me so happy that I would have gladly fucked with every man in the world if he asked me to.

"It was a pity that I had to use you to punish that prick of a cousin of yours, most men would break after just four or five men had raped their family member, and then the girl would only have to suffer being raped by ten men in total, your cousin Martin actually seemed to be getting off watching you being raped but that was partly your own fault, you didn't even start to cry until after ten men had fucked you, Martin didn't seem to give a dam until I'd put you under twenty men, that was his breaking point and even though you had passed out after thirty men had fucked you, the rules are the rules and I had to get another ten men to fuck you after you'd passed out so that everyone would see that the full punishment had been delivered."

I'd never been told just how the whole gang punishment thing worked and even thought Martin had been forced to watch the whole event, he had never mentioned just how many men had fucked me and he had never mentioned that they carried on fucking me long after I had passed out. I was a little surprised though that Gary thought that my cousin was getting off on my being raped in the beginning and that he hadn't cared one little bit until I began to scream in pain as the twentieth man forced his cock into my body. That was news to me, I thought that I had begun screaming after the fourth or fifth man had taken me.

"Every girl that loses her virginity suffers pain and most suffer the pain and the sex is a great disappointment to them, the pain never put a girl off sex, but the disappointment often does, at least you weren't disappointed when you lost your virginity, I made sure that you got a good orgasm when I busted through your cherry, I loved doing that, I could tell from the way that you danced on my cock as I broke you in that you would turn out to be a very special fuck."

I was coming back down to earth from my climax, Gary had kept me high with his fingers as he delivered his monologue that in my befuddled state I had taken as an apology from him for using me to punish my cousin. Gary pulled his fingers out of my cunt and once again he offered his hand to my mouth to clean my juice, this time, I had to suck three fingers clean as well as lick his whole hand clean as well, and as I cleaned his hand he said, "I'll give you twenty-four hours to think about things, you can go on living a sex free life at home with your mother and father or you can come to me as a willing whore but I won't accept any preconditions to our deal, you have to come to me as a slave and accept that I am your master or you can rot in hell as far as I'm concerned."

Gary took my home telephone number and walked off without looking back at me, he left me almost totally naked in the car park, I was fifteen years old, pregnant and just stood there, watching him walk away quickly, talking on his mobile phone, my cunt was dripping wet, I didn't move a muscle until Gary was out of sight, I had the taste of two men's spunk in my mouth and I wished that the fingers that had brought me off had been a cock instead, Gary's cock or just any man's cock, any man at all would have helped me to get over the feeling of emptiness that I felt deep inside my body.

I knew that people wouldn't understand, Gary had been the man who had me raped when I had just turned fifteen years old, from a virgin to a fuck toy that had been used by forty men in one afternoon in a stinking factory and it hadn't been done for any other reason than to teach my cousin not to sell drugs on Gary's patch. I should have hated him but instead I was deeply in love with him.

I dressed slowly, running over in my head what Gary had said about Martin getting off watching me being fucked by so many men, no wonder Martin couldn't look me in the eye, as I started to walk down the drive from the car park I knew that I still needed to feel a cock in my cunt, I also knew that I'd find difficulty in finding a man who would fuck a pregnant fifteen year old girl without Gary's help, 'Martin seemed to get off watching you being raped!' ran through my head again. I changed directions, I was already going to be in trouble from my parents for being so late in getting home but I still had my own needs and I'd just have to go and blackmail Martin into looking after my needs for today. Tomorrow, I'd just let Gary look after my needs, I'd call myself a whore if that's what Gary wanted me to do.