Dressed to Please
by Emma

Dressed to Please Part 1

I managed to skip off work early last Friday, away from work by lunch time. I’d put in some really long hours in an effort to make my recent promotion a success, and felt I deserved a small reward for the progress I’d made so far in my attempts to improve the performance of the department. As if all the stress of the new job wasn’t enough, I’d also had a rough time in my personal life. My boyfriend, frustrated by the amount of time I was spending at work and a little jealous (in my opinion) of my success, had dumped me.. Apparently our two happy years together counting for nothing. Worse still, within two weeks he started seeing one of my close friends. Talk about rubbing my nose in it!

My best friend Kaz decided I needed cheering up and as a surprise booked us tickets to see a matinee performance in Bournemouth, plus a meal at a fancy restaurant afterwards. She’d also insisted on dragging me round all the poshest frock shops in Bath until I found that ‘killer’ dress to wear. She did such a good job that she persuaded me buy a dress I’d never have bought if I’d been left to my own devices. I’d loved it as soon as I put it on, the way the smooth fabric seemed to flow against my skin like warm water made me feel so good, but it was rather more revealing than the dresses I usually wore.
I had my reservations, but Kaz kept saying how wonderful I looked in it, wearing me down, until eventually I relented and bought it.

Now, standing in front of the mirror after showering and slipping into my new dress, I started to wonder again if I’d been a little hasty in buying it. I still loved the feel of the dress, but in the cold light of day the backless blue gown, only held in place by a thin cord tied behind my neck , looked even more revealing. It clung to my every curve, and left my sides bare all the way down to my hips, the thin fabric nearly reaching my knees and gently caressing my body. Turning sideways I realised that moving my arm away from my side would reveal most of the slope of the side of one of my breasts… and maybe more. I was actually contemplating changing into something more modest when I heard the blast of a horn from the street… Kaz announcing her arrival. I just grabbed my purse, slipped into my heels and hurried out to the car.

‘WOW!’ Was Kaz’s comment when she saw me.
‘Hun, you look fantastic… soooo hot…. I could almost fancy you myself!’
I slid into the passenger seat, the slit in the side of the dress parting to reveal the full length of my bare legs, all the way up to the top of my thigh.
‘Ems, I was so right about that dress, it was made for you hun.’
Kaz certainly knew how to make me feel good.

It took us close to two hours to drive down to Bournemouth, longer than we expected due to major road works near Salisbury, but thanks to me leaving work early we still had plenty of time to park at Durley Chine and walk along the seafront to the venue. Exiting the car elegantly in a busy car park proved to be a challenge… without thinking I opened the door and slid my leg out, immediately attracting a whole host of male attention as the slit in the dress parted revealing me nearly to the crotch! I quickly pressed my thighs together and tried again, though I’m not quite sure that I succeeded in preserving my modesty! I’d certainly attracted an audience…….
I thoroughly enjoyed the show and the meal was even better, probably helped by how attentive the young waiter was. Nothing was too much trouble, and it was as if he pounced on any small excuse to come over and see how we were doing. I was beginning to see that the dress was a great investment! Kaz was driving so was limited to just a small alcoholic drink, but I, unconstrained by such responsibilities, was able to consume a more liberal amount of wine. I wouldn’t say I was drunk when we wandered back to the car, more a case of ’pleasantly merry’! Even at 7pm the city centre was fairly busy and my dress captured the imagination of more than a few early evening revellers, clinging as it did to every curve. Kaz asked me what exactly I was wearing under it, shaking her head and laughing when I replied
‘Just me!’
About half way back along the seafront I remembered why heels like the ones I was wearing were also called killer heels.. They were certainly killing my feet! I asked Kaz to hang on for a second (actually it was me who had to hang on to her!) while I slipped them off, before stepping down onto the beach. The cool sand felt good between my toes and after a little gentle persuasion I got Kaz to join me and we both walked barefoot back to the car, carrying our shoes in our hands.

Kaz decided to avoid the road works on the way home by taking a different route. It was still sunny but I was tired and a little tipsy and soon drifted off to sleep. I’m not sure what woke me, but I quickly realised that Kaz had slowed right down and the car seemed to be making a strange noise.
‘What’s wrong’
‘I think we’ve got a puncture, but I can’t just stop here in the middle of the road… I’m pretty sure there’s a big lay-by along here somewhere where I can pull in safely and check out the damage.’
Kaz nursed the car along for about half a mile, the noise from the wheel getting louder with every passing yard, until finally she was able to turn off the road into a deserted parking area. We got out of the car, Kaz having to wait for me while I tried to get out of the car without displaying all my wares.
‘Ems!!!! For goodness sake! Who on earth is likely to be watching here?’
‘Don’t know’ I shrugged,
‘Someone might see me from a passing car’
It didn’t take as long to find the source of our problem. The front passenger side tyre was flat, and worse still, pretty much shredded because Kaz had driven it while flat.
‘You got a spare’ I asked.
‘Yes, I think it’s ok, I haven’t checked it in ages, but I’ve never changed a tyre, not sure I can’
‘No worries, I’ve changed a few, just so long as you’ve got the tools’
Thankfully the spare looked fine and Kaz did have a jack and wrench in the boot. I really didn’t want my brand new dress getting dirty so Kaz got the spare out while I laid one of the car mats on the floor so I could kneel down and jack up the car. I jacked it up just fine, but removing the wheel was a different matter. I just couldn’t budge the nuts. I was still doing my best to move them when I heard the roar of motorbikes on the road behind me. Instead of passing by I heard them slow down, then get nearer and nearer until they pulled up beside the car. Still on my knees, I twisted round to look at the three new arrivals, just in time to see them dismounting and wandering over to me.


Dressed to Please Part 2

These were no Sunday afternoon bikers, they looked the real deal, full leathers, tattoos and the look of guys who thought they owned the road.
‘Got ourselves a problem, have we ladies?’
Kaz was explaining what had happened but all three pairs of eyes were glued on me. I knew I looked good in this dress, but was still surprised to be the centre of attention. Then I realised why. Except for the tie behind my neck I couldn’t feel the top of my dress touching me anywhere. It was obviously hanging well away from my front, giving the bikers a great view of my bare left side all the way down to my hip. Not only my left side, but the whole of my left breast too, including one very erect nipple. I blushed crimson as I quickly scrambled to my feet, ending the free show.
The bikers did their best to change the wheel, but even they couldn’t move the bolts… seems it wasn’t down to my weakness after all! It appeared that driving the car while the tyre was flat had somehow damaged the bolts and the car would need specialist attention. Kaz tried calling the recovery people but couldn’t get a signal on her phone , so the ever helpful bikers offered us a lift to the nearest phone.
I wasn’t really dressed to ride a bike, even lifting my leg to sit astride it caused the slit in my dress to open far enough to expose all my leg plus a hint of the curve of my bum. Sitting astride the bike was even worse… both legs felt totally exposed, bare ass cheeks directly on the leather seat, with my pussy open and wet, the vibration of the engine arousing me as much as any of my vibrators. It was a potent mixture, the cold air, the throb of the engine and a wide open pussy.

I felt a mixture of sadness and relief when we finally stopped. I missed the vibration, but was glad that I hadn’t cum on the bike! Dismounting the bike involved another bout of ass flashing to an appreciative audience and more embarrassment on my part. We stopped outside a low building surrounded by dozens of bikes, brightly lit with loud music blaring out… obviously their clubhouse.. And certainly somewhere I didn’t want to be entering dressed like this.
Kaz looked equally worried and insisted on phoning the breakdown people from in the car park, where it wasn’t so noisy.
‘Fine, come on in when you’ve finished, we’ll be waiting for you. I’m sure your friend can keep us entertained while we’re waiting’
My protests were brushed aside as I was ‘escorted’ inside, my heart sinking as I heard one biker saying that she’d never get a signal out there. The door slammed shut behind me and the music turned down as everyone in the room turned to look at me.

I was ushered through the crowd and taken up onto a small stage at the front, and made to stand facing the room packed with bikers.
‘This here young lady and her friend were rescued by us earlier and was quite happy to display her considerable charms to us. I’m sure she’ll be more than happy to repay our help with a similar display for you, maybe after first telling us a little bit about herself’
OMG! I realised they wanted me to strip! Strip there on stage in front of everyone! Please God… no…. I couldn’t… I had to delay them for a bit and just hope against hope that Kaz could come to my rescue.
‘What do you want to know about me’ I asked, trying to buy myself some time.
‘Just your name, a bit about yourself’ the biker who had given me the lift replied.
‘Well, I’m Emma, Ems to my friends… (Damn! I realised as soon as I spoke I should have given a false name!).. ‘
As I started to speak I felt the biker move behind me, slipping his hands through the open sides of my dress and gently cupping my breasts, caressing them and gently nibbling my neck. I was struggling to speak, muttering ‘Stop that’ to him, almost under my breath.
‘Are you sure’ he asked, circling my nipples with his thumbs, then sliding one hand down from my breast, down my ribs and belly, and pressing it between my legs.
I gasped, now totally unable to trust myself to speak. I felt his finger slide into me as his other hand squeezed my left breast hard. I writhed against him, grinding my pussy hard onto his finger. Hell! He’d penetrated me on stage! In front of everyone… and they KNEW I’d loved it! I felt so ashamed, my body had betrayed me…… I almost sighed with disappointment when he removed his finger.

He started rubbing my shoulders in a slow deliberate way, before sliding them across to my neck and pulling slowly on the tied cords. I felt the cords come loose and the front of the gown fell down, leaving me bare to the waist. My boobs were now fully displayed to everyone, my nipples swollen and erect, the dress just about clinging to my hips, needing the tiniest of tugs to send it sliding to my feet. He gave it that tug, and to cheers from the audience it slid down to my ankles, pooling at my feet. My sex was bare to the room, my moist pink slit gleaming in the lights, my arousal obvious to every single biker there. I realised now that they hadn’t planned for me to strip on stage… they’d planned to ... me on stage.

To my utter shame I stepped out of my gown and knelt in front of the biker on the stage. It was the second time I’d been on my knees in front of him, but this time no part of me was hidden by my gown, I was naked as nature intended, my bare ass presented to the audience. To cheers from the bikers I unzipped him and took his cock in my mouth, sucking him, running my tongue along his rigid length. He grabbed my hair and pulled me harder onto his cock, pushing it deeper into my throat, while at the same time I felt my pussy lips being parted as I was taken from behind simultaneously to even louder cheers. Is it possible to feel aroused, excited and totally consumed by the need for sex at the same time as feeling humiliated, ashamed and disgusted by your actions? Before this I’d have said no, but now I know you can. I’d never felt so degraded in my whole life as I did then, performing what amounted to a sex show in front of an appreciative audience, but I’ve never felt so aroused, so alive either……

They both came in me, one flooding my mouth, the other my puss. It was the end of my performance on the stage, but not the end of the sex. Unknown hands lifted me off the stage and into the crowd, where I was touched, pulled, prodded, pinched and penetrated in all three of my holes until everyone had had their fill of me and I was lying in a cum splattered heap on the floor. I was exhausted, aching everywhere, sticky in places I didn’t know it was possible to be sticky in, leaking cum from all my holes. Kaz helped me to my feet, grinning at the mess I was in, asking if I was ok. I was naked now, even my shoes lost in the melee of sex . Kaz managed to find my dress, still up on the stage where it had fallen, but my shoes were nowhere to be seen. She half carried me outside and the driver of the recovery truck helped me up into his cab, enjoying the view of my bare bum, and most probably my swollen sex, as he did. I was pretty much past caring who saw me! It was far too late to be shy!

While he was loading her car onto the truck I asked Kaz how she’d managed to get a signal, had she had to walk far to get one?
‘No, I got one straight away actually. Lucky really, as I was able to watch all your performance through a window!
‘WHAT??? You didn’t think to ring for help?
Hell no, you were enjoying yourself far too much, and anyway, I’d have had to stop filming to do that….


