Author reserves all copyrights.  No part of this story may appear in form
at any operation which requires payment to access it.



   THE ENCLAVE

   Part Four

   The next morning, Ann arose early, allowing Ruth to sleep in, knowing
how exhausted she must be.  She went to her girls' room and awoke Andy,
removing his chastity gloves, but leaving the rest of his garments in
place. She gently awakened her two daughters, then went with Andy to the
kitchen to begin preparing breakfast.  Missy and Amanda joined them in a
few minutes, sleepily.  Together, they helped prepare the breakfast, a
little sleepily, talking quietly so as not to wake thier houseguests.

   "What do you girls think about our new friends?" Ruth asked.

   Missy answered.  "I like them.  Kim's a little young to be my new best
friend, but I like her a lot.  And Dee is soooo funny!" Amanda nodded her
agreement with her older sister's conclusions.

   "And Miss Ann?"

   "She seems really nice." Amanda chimed in.

   Missy added, "She reminds me a lot of Miss Rebecca when she first came
here."

   "How so?" asked Ann?

   "I don't know.  Like she'd been a little beat-up in the old world."

   "No wonder she wanted to come here." the younger sister clucked
empatheticly.

   The mother continued, "Yes.  She has a lot of anger and frustration
still...just like Miss Rebecca had.  But we have to help her get past all
that, just like we did with Rebecca.  It doesn't do any good just to
release anger and vent frustration about the old ways.  That just keeps you
tied to them.."

   Her daughters seemed to understand.  Niether of them had much real
memory of the old world.  Amanda had been a toddler when they first came,
and Missy about the same age as little Dee.  They had essentially grown up
in this Sisterhood and were true believers, young as they were, of the
mission of THE ENCLAVE.

   "Why don't you girls wake Kim and Dee and bring the boy out here.  Keep
him dressed for now."

   The girls went to awaken thier new friends and came back with Danny,
leading him by his elbow.

   "Every morning, you'll say "Good Morning" to each of the women and girls
as you see them, Danny.  Do you remember how?"

   Danny, sleep in his eyes, didn't answer directly, but managed a quiet
good morning to Misses Amanda and Missy and Mistress Ann.

   "Very good." Ann said flatly.  "Sit on that stool over by the wall."

   Danny walked to it and, with a little difficulty, managed to perch
himself atop it and watch as the family went about thier familiar breakfast
routine.  In a few minutes, his sisters entered the kitchen, yawning and
smoothing down thier nightshirts.  Ruth looked at the sullen boy and
reminded him with a soft "Danny?"

   "Good morning Miss Kim, Miss Dee." he said softly.

   His sisters looked at him oddly.  All this was still so new to them. 
But compared to the usual manner in which Danny had always greeted them
with a grunt or a swat, it seemed very pleasant, if perplexing.

   "And good morning to you, Mr.  Danny." Dee finally said, which made all
the other girls and Ann giggle.

   "Is momma up?" asked Kim.

   "Not yet.  Why don't we let her sleep in a bit this morning?" Ann
answered.

   With breakfast ready, the girls sat at the table, eating and planning
their day.

   "Don't forget you have an appointment with the Principal today after
lunch." Ann reminded the new girls.  "Amanda and Missy will go with you. 
It's nothing to be worried about.  She will just explain things a little
better as far as the school goes and get you registered for your classes.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask, OK?"

   The four girls engaged in small talk and plotted out an impossibly full
schedule of fun activites for before and after the meeting.  Danny was
silent, and even though he never really like hanging out with girls, he
felt very much left out.

   Breakfast finished, Ann said, "OK...time for a girl shower!" She pushed
the four of them away from the kitchen to the back yard.  "I hope you two
aren't shy!" she laughed, patting Ruth's girls playfully on the bottom to
move them along.

   The four girls went into the yard where a small shower house was
located. It was made of hard-woods, varnished for water-proofness and had
two over-head nozzles.  Missy and Amanda made short work of stripping
naked, then entered the shower and started the flow of warm spring water.
Little Dee was not the least bit shy, and quickly shed her nightshirt and
panties to join the other girls, giggling and soaping.  Kim was a bit more
apprehensive, quickly comparing her own body with that of her new friends.
She too had tiny bee-sting titties like Amanda, although a bit larger with
darker and rounder little nipples.  A brief glance at Missy's cleft
revealed a slender strip of light, downy fuzz beginning to peek out around
her otherwise bare pussy.  Another fleeting glance at the young teen's
high-riding, firm little budding breasts made the 11-year-old a bit
embarassed by her own totally hairless girl-sex and barely budding
breasts.. She looked away, then gathered up her courage and stripped bare
before joining the other three in the doorless room.

   Ann went over to Danny's stool and removed his chastity gloves, then led
him to sit with Andy at the table to eat.  Danny could hear the girls in
the shower, but a corner of the porch and the way the shower room was
situated, he couldn't see them except breifly the top of the older girls'
heads.

   When the boys had finished eating, Andy spoke up.  "May I use your
toilet, Mother Ann?"

   "Of course, Dear." She answered.  She touched Danny on the shoulder
motioning him to rise.  Then she walked with both boys out to the shower
area.  As Danny realized where she was taking him, he became embarassed but
also a little thrilled..  She stood him up in front of the doorless room
and asked the girl's to keep an eye on him.  Kim squealed briefly and tried
to cover herself.  Even in his silence and embarassment, Danny felt a
little joy at her predicament.  The other girls, even including Dee, paid
no attention to him, merely acquiesced to thier mother's request, and Kim
suddenly became oddly embarassed.

   As Ann left with Andy, Danny was torn between wanting to look at these
four naked girls soaping and rinsing just a few feet away from him, and
remembering the humiliation and pain they had brought on him the night
before.

   Ann returned with Andy, who was out of his sleep clothes and again
wearing his robe, then took Danny by the arm and led him to the bathroom.
As embarrased as Kim had been with her brother seeing her naked, she was
all the more so with this strange new boy standing in plain sight.  He was
very cute, she thought, and she had a strange feeling for him, but found
herself crouching in the corner of the shower trying hard to be invisible
while also not wanting to the other girls (and Andy) to recognize her
embarassment.

   Ann followed Danny into the restroom and his heart sunk again.  She
deftly began to undo and remove his chastity wear and asked him if he had
to go #1 or #2.  Unexpectedly, Danny sobbed once, then answered that he had
to do both.

   Ann looked at his face briefly as she bared him naked, then said, "OK. I
know you are new here and shy still.  So I'm going to help you." She
reached into a drawer in the small bureau and removed two pieces of soft
nylon rope.

   "Give me your hands." Danny presented his hands to the kneeling woman
and she tied one end of each piece of rope to his slender wrists, then he
watched horrified as she sat him on the toilet and began to tie the other
ends to nearby bathroom fixtures.

   "OK...there.  I'm going to be just around the corner getting myself
ready.  You do your business, and when you're done you tell me. 
Understand?"

   "Y-yes ma'am." Danny choked a bit as Ann stepped almost out of sight. 
He could still see her back as she brushed her teeth at the sink.  He
glanced down at his own plumbing, realizing quickly that if he took his
piss seated with things at this angle, he would miss the bowl and spray the
floor.  With some difficulty, he jostled himself enough to allow his little
member to point more downward, then waited for his urge to rise and his
embarassment to subside.

   Finally relaxed and ultimately relieved, he spoke up.  "I'm finished,
Mistress Ann.", then immediately began to worry about how he was going to
clean up.

   Ann took a few minutes, then came to him and untied his wrists,
replacing the rope in the drawer.  "Flush." she said flatly, and he did.

   She instructed to him remove a little toilet paper from the roll, then
wipe the seat and deposit the paper in the wastebasket.  He knew he needed
to clean his backside, but was too embarassed to ask, fearing some new rule
which would have her humiliatingly wiping it for him.

   As if by magic, she said there was no need to wipe, and she took him by
the wrist and began to lead him out of the bathroom.  Still naked, he
resisted for a moment, but she tightened her grip and looked at him
sharply, so he allowed himself to be led naked out of the bath and into the
back yard.

   The girls had finished thier shower and had dried off enough to be
wrapping up with towels when Ann and Danny appeared.  "Girls, hose this one
off, please.  Andy will get his bath later." before going back inside with
Andy.  Totally bewlidered, Danny froze in place, naked and covering
himself.

   Missy grabbed up the hose, then began spraying the boy down, having him
turn this way and that so that she could clean his little naked body.

   Amanda had no real interest in watching, having done the same routine
with Andy countless times, but Danny's sisters couldn't help but stand and
watch.

   Missy ordered him to turn away, bend over and spread his cheeks.  Danny
hesitated, hate beginning to grow in him again.  Missy aimed the spray at
his little package and thumbed the water down to a harder stream.

   "Do what I told you." she said calmly.

   ""No!  I'll do it!" he sputtered and made a grab for the hose.  Missy
snatched it away from his grasp, then flung herself at him, knocking him to
the ground.

   "Stupid boy!" she straddled his belly and slapped his face.  "Do you
think I like cleaning your smelly little ass?" Danny squirmed under her and
in the tussle, her towel came undone, leaving her naked atop him.

   "Then let me do it!  Danny cried.

   Ann heard the commotion and came to the door.  She started to jump in
the middle, but stopped herself in order to let Missy continue.  Even
Amanda was suddenly interested again.

   Missy let her full weight down on the smaller boy and muttered.  "It's
not about who does it, boy.  It's about you obeying me!"

   "Stop it!" Danny finally yelled.

   Missy laughed, then said to the other girls, "Could you please give me a
hand?"

   The tension broken, the other girls came and, following Missy's
instructions, took Danny's young legs and folded them back towards his
head. Missy put the hose near his upturned, opened little asshole and
thumbed the stream down hard, pelting his little prick and balls at the
same time.  Danny never stopped squirming and fighting, but it was useless.

   Finished, she got off of the boy and draped her wet towel over her
shoulders.  She looked at her mother as if to ask, "what next?" and Ann
came and took Danny hard by the wrist and led him through the house and
onto the front porch.

   "Get the collars, Andy." she smiled as she wrestled Danny into place. 
Andy came, with the girls behind him, and handed Ann three leather collars
with small chain leads.  Ann attached the large one to Danny's neck and two
smaller ones to his wrists.  Danny squirmed harder, almost pulling out of
her grasp, knowing he was defeated but determined to reassert some control.
Missy came to her mother's aide and helped hold the little boy in place as
Ann snapped the end of lead coming from his neck to an eyescrew attached to
the porch ceiling, then she snapped the ends of his wrist leads to each
other, securing his hands behind his back

   At just the moment she snapped the last lead in place, Ruth appeared. 
She stopped a moment, sleep still in her eyes and a tear rolled own her
cheek.  When Danny saw her, he stopped struggling.  He looked at her
pleadingly.

   There was a long silence as everybody waited for Ruth.  Finally, she
said, "You are caught, little boy.  You are not to make a sound.  Do you
understand?"

   Tears rolled freely down Danny's cheeks.  He opened his mouth to say,
"Yes, Mother Ruth." but Ruth swatted him hard on his naked little ass and
repeated, more calmly, "You are not to make a sound." Danny gulped hard,
then nodded.

   The rest of them went back inside, leaving the little boy trussed
upright, his hands chastely fastened behind him, naked and blubbering.

   The girls retired to thier rooms to dress, Ruth's daughters in some kind
of awe at thier mother's change in demeanor.  Ruth and Ann, with Andy, went
to the dining area for coffee.

   Ann smiled.  "So much for letting you sleep."

   Ruth smiled back.  Then a softer expression came over her attractive
face as she said, "You know, I heard the commotion...and I knew that Danny
was in the middle of it.  But I've lived with that for so long now, that I
forgot where I was and just hoped it would pass."

   "It never passed before, though...did it?"

   Ruth smiled ruefully.  "It just reached a point that I gave up.  I never
could make him mind."

   "It just felt like that.  You always could, but you just didn't."

   Ruth looked up.  "Yes...I suppose that's the truth."

   "Well...now you can." Ann soothed, taking Ruth's hand.
   
