Miss Sanders Sex-Ed Class
by Hollow_Eyes

Lesson 1: Female Anatomy

The school bell rang and all the students finally came back to life and grabbed their bags to rush out of the door. "Remember, to get your permission slips signed by your parents to participate in sex education classes!" Miss Sanders told her students before they all rushed out.

Miss Monica Sanders enjoyed teaching her senior class, especially come time for sex-ed. She enjoyed watching the students snicker, get wide-eyed, and even shocked by some of the stuff they learn. Unlike any other class they had before. She felt they listened to her better since she is only twenty-five and not much older than most of them. Most were all eighteen, if not, nineteen. A young teacher who can relate on a better level than if a more mature teacher tried.

Taking her hair down from her hairpins, the charcoal black hair falling gracefully down to her shoulders. Taking off her glasses and putting them in her teacher bag. Miss Sanders took off to the teacher's lounge before calling it a day and going home to prepare for tomorrow's classes.

******

After roll call was given, Miss Sanders asked for all the students to pass in their permission slips so she can have down who will or won't be in the class after lunch. Couple of students hung out around her desk before school started, she enjoyed interacting with her students, being their friend and also their mentor in life. She's glad to know they can come to her if anything ever came up that they might need to confide in someone with or have a chat.

Some of the boys, yes, had crushes on her and she knew it, and could sometimes even feel their eyes just stare at her round butt pushing out against her skirts or tight khakis. Or try and look between the button spaces to catch glimpses of her breasts or bra, she often chuckled to herself of how determine some of them get of trying to catch a view or two. Sometimes, some of the guys would accidentally rub against her trying to get to his seat, she should probably of said something about it, but boys will be boys and it never gets out of hand or to the point of feeling uncomfortable.

This morning, Gary went through the doorway and bumped into her, rubbing the back of his palm over her butt, she had on a black skirt with a light pink blouse. She felt his hand and she shuddered from the touch, before going back to her desk to get the morning classes situated and in order.

"Good," she exclaimed. "Everyone will be attending sex-ed class this afternoon!"

Lunch finally came and went, and Miss Sanders was finishing up her lunch at her desk grading papers from last week, she fell a little behind in grading and making up for it during her lunches. She heard the final bell ring and all twenty-two of her students came pouring back in, hyper and full of life after their lunch.

"Ok, all, everyone have a good lunch?" She asked, standing up walking in front of the class.

"Yes." The class all chimed in together.

Feeling a little nervous like always before the first sex-ed class, Miss Sanders closed the door and went to her chalkboard and wrote sex-ed in big letters on top in the middle board. "Ok, everyone has their permission slips signed and it will take up three days, all afternoon after lunch until school lets out." Informing the class of their new schedule for the remainder of the week.

"To start off, I will be happy to answer any questions you may have regarding anything of this subject." She smiled at her class, looking at the boys sort of blush and the girls too, something about open talk of sex always brings out giggling and red faces, she chuckled silently at her students.

"I have one," Marie raised her hand.

"Yes?" Leaning on her desk, noticing some of the boys checking her huge tits pushing out against her tight fitting sweater.

"I hear it hurts the very first time a girl has sex, if so, how much and how long will it hurt?" She asked catching Miss Sanders off guard by the question, normally they ask little questions in the beginning, she thought to herself. Surprised at how fast the subject of actual sex came up.

"Yes, it does, but not real long or hurts as bad as you may think, it is the pleasurable kind of hurt. Just make sure you are wet and ready though for penetration. If you are dry it holds the possibility of causing some problems and not only that, but a lot of hurting, too." She tried to answer as well informed as she could, getting a little turned on, knowing Marie is still a virgin and just told the whole class. Oh, how the boys will be after you now, she thought. "Any others?"

"Here," Ben motioned towards him.

"Yes, Ben?"

"Does size really matter?" He asked her quietly and nonchalantly.

"Why? You small?" Holden, spoke out loud and caused a laugh in the class.

"No! I'm just wondering!" Ben fired back fast.

"Holden." She gave him a stern look. "Well, Ben, some women would say it does and others it doesn't matter. I can't really say in a whole, but if you found the right woman, size shouldn't really matter." She was thinking if his cock really was small or huge and if he just wanted to know if it was true about the size of a dick. She admits to herself, she loves sex-ed, open talk about this with a group of naïve and inexperienced students, it turned her on and really gets her hot. Feeling her pussy starting to come to life with heat.

"Question." Tina looked at Miss Sanders.

"Yes?"

"Does it matter to you?"

"Excuse me?" Thrown back by the blunt question, and from a female nonetheless.

"Size? Does it matter to you?"

"Umm. . ., well," She stammered over her words, this is the first class she ever had this open and willing to talk about the subject. And so fast it came up, too. "Sometimes." Shyly she answered.

"Miss Sanders?" Kelly spoke up.

"Question?" Knowingly it was, but asked anyways.

"What is a blowjob? I mean, I think I know, but I don't know for sure." She asked getting embarrassed about her question, feeling she should know what one is in front of her peers and about asking such a blunt question, too.

Miss Sanders couldn't believe this, they were so straightforward, not holding back on anything. She was getting turned on by explaining some of the questions, she started softly sliding her butt slowly along the edge of her desk, wanting to get the basics first, and later on let them ask these questions. "Kelly, all that will be explained later on in class, for now let us focus on the basics and we will have question time towards the end."

Miss Sanders moved in front of the chalkboard and wrote female and male on each side and created a column. Looking back at her students she caught some of the boys eyes move faster than lightning at what she was writing and not what she was wearing. Turning back around, smiling at the attention she was getting, she faced her students. "Who can name off differences men and women have from one another? Feel free to just answer, but do it in a orderly fashion and not all at once." Turning around, slightly moving her hips back in forth while doing so.

"Penis,"

"Vagina."

"Periods."

"Breasts."

"Pregnancy."

The students kept on, and Miss Sanders was writing as fast she could to keep up with the answers being given. Shaking her upper body, letting the boys imagine her breasts wobble back in forth under her pink blouse as if she was facing them. After a minute of letting the students call out the differences, she called it to a stop and turned around to look at her class. "Well done! There are a lot you all called out. Some I didn't think you'd all know, but you all seem to be familiar with a lot."

Moving back in front of the class, Miss Sanders tried to hold her anxiousness down and maintain herself. Looking at all of her students, well behaved and attentive, she couldn't be prouder, some of them even cute too, twelve boys and eleven girls, all inexperienced it seems and willing to learn. Pushing herself up on her desk, Miss Sanders brushed her black hair, she left down for today, out of her glasses and crossed her legs slowly.

"Who wants to be my first volunteer?" She asked, sounding a little dry in her voice.

Immediately hands flew up in the air and she picked Kelly, "Since I didn't answer your question, Kelly, you can be apart of this." She smiled at her student.

Kelly worked her way up through the isle, stepping over book bags, books, and the occasional foot. She stood in front of Miss Sanders, noticing a look in her eyes, but passed it off as awkward feelings about teaching the class. Miss Sanders placed her hands on Kelly's shoulder and looked back at the other students. Kelly was a average looking student, long, dark brown hair, done up in a ponytail today and she had on tight hip-hugger jeans with a green shirt that had a heart in the middle of it. Her breasts just budding out and looking bigger than they are because of her shirt fitting tight around her chest.

"Class, you have to promise me something now." She said seriously, looking at the accepting faces of her students, silently saying 'they promise.' "What we do in this class, stays in the class and will not be spoken of at all to anyone. You understand me?" She said, putting on her friendly, but, 'if you cross me you will find out what Hell looks like' look.

"Yes." All the students said, Kelly's voice ringing sweetly in Monica's ear.

"Ok, since there seems to be more differences for females and not males. We will start with a female."

Kelly looking at her teacher quizzically. Wondering what she is talking about and leading up to. Miss Sanders looked at Kelly and smiled, rubbing her shoulder now with her hand, comforting her for what she is about to do.

"Kelly, I am going to show the class what maturing girl's body looks like. Ok?" She said looking in Kelly's eyes, at first Kelly was about to object, but looking in her teacher's soft green eyes, she knew everything would be ok, and that she was in good hands. Nodding in approval, she stood there like a mannequin allowing her teacher to do whatever she wanted to.

Miss Sanders first lifted her shirt up past her breasts and bared her covered maturing breasts to the class, the class was taken back by what was happening. Never in their wildest dreams did they ever expect this to be happening, but they made a promise and they were loyal to their teacher. She was nice and she was only teaching them. Better a responsible adult teach them and not learn in other ways, some students thought. Other's had their mouths wide open or gasping at what was happening, some guys were about to hoot until they saw Miss Sanders' look and decided to stay quiet, some girls were shocked by it, but found it ok for the most part.

Monica cupped one of Kelly's breasts underneath and pointed at her white, silky bra. "This is a bra, I am sure most of you know this by now." She looked at the class, who some are still trying to get over the intial shock of what is happening, but still taking in what she is teaching. Pulling her bra down now, exposing Kelly's little breasts and soft nipples, she cupped the same one again and pointed out to the class the names of what each area is called and their purpose. Some of the guys of course were only paying attention to her exposed breasts, even some girls too, and others were just watching. Silently.

Miss Sanders began to lightly rub Kelly's breast and play with her nipples by pinching and rolling it between her fingers. "As you can see, they are highly sensitive and her nipples will grow hard."

Kelly started breathing heavier, slowly taking in her teacher's voice and letting her fingers play with her breasts in front of the class to see. Her hand naturally went down to her pussy, and she started rubbing it over her jeans.

"Now, you can see where she is reacting to my touching," Miss Sanders explained to her class, who was watching very much, some of them getting turned on, but trying to not show it. "For a woman, touching down there is the same for when a male would touch himself down there. It just works differently."

Miss Sanders stopped fondling her student's breast and told her to take her shirt and bra off completely. Without a moment hesitation, Kelly slid her shirt off with ease and unhooked her bra and let it slide down her arms to the ground, it was so silent, you could actually hear it hit the floor. Standing in front of the class, she felt her nipples harden even more. Her young teenage pussy wetting up and heating her body up with sensations she never really felt as strong before. Miss Sanders picked her bra up and looked at it.

"Oh, you're a B cup." She read aloud for the class to hear her. "Please unbutton your jeans and let them fall down so the class can see your whole front. Leave your panties on." Smiling at Kelly, Miss Sanders looking at her class, who are being very well behaved and actually learning, despite some of them getting turned on, but they will never forget what they will learn during this class.

Rubbing Kelly's cotton panties, Miss Sanders went on to explain those panties are one of many types of undergarments that can be worn and telling the class to make a mental note of the wet spot she has in the front, mainly between her legs. She told the class, mainly for the boys to learn, it was excitement. As a male grows hard, a woman grows wet and hot. Having Kelly turn around, she showed the class the back of her panties, too. "Ok, you may turn back around, Kelly," she instructed her. "You are doing very well, Kelly."

Stepping behind her student, Monica reached her arms around to her front and hooked her thumbs inside her panties and pulled them down. Kelly didn't resist at all, she was excited, breathing hard and really wanting to touch herself now. She was being a good student and was glad she was picked to do this for Miss Sanders. Feeling special in her own way. Letting her panties drop down to her ankles above her crumpled jeans, Kelly stood there now in front of the whole class, feeling the air hit her nude body, she lightly shuddered.

Miss Sanders stepped back beside Kelly and looked at her in all of her natural young, nubile beauty. Looking at her slender shoulders, thin body frame that matches well with her budding breasts and slim stomach. Eyeing her down below, she saw her brown pubic hair, Kelly kept her legs slightly open and looking straight at her one could make out her pussy lips. Legs that are athletic due to her volleyball and basketball playing for the school team.

Running her fingers through Kelly's brown, soft pubic hair, Miss Sanders looked at her student's eyes glued right at her crotch. "This is pubic hair, everyone has it, though some shave it off, but it is whatever you feel like you want to do." Informing her students, getting even more turned on running her fingers through her soft, virgin pubic hair. "Now to show you the rest, Kelly will you please turn around and place your elbows on my desk?"

Doing as she was told bending over placing her elbows on the desk and looking back at her teacher's face, smiling at her. Miss Sanders took both palms and rested them on each side of Kelly's butt cheeks and opened them up. The class was now looking at her pussy and puckered asshole, some guys starting to slightly rub their jeans and girls staring in awe, and some even slightly getting turned on at the sight. "Kelly, please hold your left side open so I can point out to the class female parts."

Kelly reached around with her left arm and held her butt open, feeling the cold desk warm up from her intense body heat. Looking forward now at the chalkboard where it shows the differences between males and females, jumping real quick when she felt a finger slide over her asshole down to her pussy. She never had that happen before, well, by anyone else at least. She did masturbate often and loved sliding her fingers in and out of her pussy until she came. This is new to her, though, feeling her teacher now opening her pussy lips up, sharing to the class what her pink lips and wet hole looks like.

"The outer lips is the labia majora, they are different from each girl, some can be puffy, others plump, symmetrical or asymmetrical, it all depends, there are many looks." Pushing in on her soft, plump pussy lips. Feeling her own pussy continue to become sopping wet, by touching her young student and showing her off for the class. Spreading them open and showing her pink lips and dripping, wet pussy hole. She looked at the class, "These inner lips are called labia minora, but I know for nature's reasons you won't remember the last parts of those two names. Instead, pussy lips and pink lips, I believe is how you kids would say nowadays, yeah?"

A little chuckle let out in the classroom, along with Kelly, who looked back at her classmates who are staring at her open sex on display for them all. Miss Sanders' fingers were wet from Kelly getting so excited from all of this and is surprised her student had made it this far not cumming or getting a orgasm. Moving from her pussy, Miss Sanders moved her fingers from her student's pussy to her little asshole, "And this students, is the anus, I am sure we are all familiar with this part of our bodies, we all have one." She smiled at her class, watching and taking in the education not making a peep. "Kelly, please turn around and stand for us."

Obeying her teacher, Kelly turned around to face her friends and peers, smiling now and looking at them in their eyes. She stood naked in front of all of them, not worried or nervous anymore, she let her legs slightly part, though a little constricted due to her jeans and panties still at her ankles. Miss Sanders saw this and knew they would get in the way of furthering educating her students about female anatomy. Asking her to remove all of her clothes, but can leave her socks on since the floor being cold, she happily did as she was told, kicking off her shoes and sliding her jeans and panties off to the ground near her bra. "If you will, please, hop up here on my desk so the students can have a better view." Smiling at her student, looking at her cute hair done up and her brown eyes staring back at her, happily doing what she is told during the class time.

Sitting at the edge of her desk, it was slightly cold against her bare rump, but she knew it would warm up soon. Being told to open her legs as wide as she can, Miss Sanders found a problem where she couldn't teach her students properly because of her desk being too wide and not being able to get behind Kelly right to show the class rest of a vagina. Getting Kelly's empty desk, she told Kelly to get on that instead for better situating. Sitting again on a cold surface, Kelly rubbed her soft butt around trying to warm the cold desk surface. Miss Sanders asked her again to spread her legs open wide and kept them open, she walked behind her and wrapped her arms around her waist again, lowering her hands down to her young students teenage pussy. Opening her pussy lips with her one hand and looking over Kelly's shoulder, "Ok, now this is the inside of the labia majora." She held her pussy open with two fingers feeling them getting wet again from her young student's excitement.

Jumping up from the desk, Kelly felt her teacher's finger push and rub slowly over her clit hood, going back and forth with her forefinger. "This is the clitoral hood, and inside if you," she pulled back and let her clit show to the class, "is the clitoris, or clit, for short. Kelly do you have your hymen?"

"N-no," She said softly, feeling her clit being rubbed on. "I lost it playing. . . out. . . back." She manage to say between breaths and soft moans.

"Oh, ok that is fine." She said, smiling still rubbing her wet clit. "That can happen sometimes, the hymen is delicate and can break easily in some cases."

Kelly kept rocking back and forth from Miss Sanders rubbing her, her eyes opened up fast when she felt her push two fingers inside her pussy. Miss Sanders explained this is where everything happens and where the men put their penis and when pregnant where the woman has her baby. Sliding her fingers in and out of her dripping pussy hole, she pulled out both of her fingers leaving Kelly in a state of lust and pleasure.

"Thank you, Kelly. Don't forget your desk and clothes." Miss Sanders told her student in a proud voice. "Leave your clothes off, too. I hope you all took notes or remembered all of this. There will be a quiz about what you learned in the female anatomy tomorrow. Now I need someone with their hymen still. Any volunteers?"

Few girls raised their hands, willing to stand naked in front of the class for their teacher. Out of lust, being turned on and wanting to please their teacher. Marie was one that had her hand up, Hillary had hers up and Lisa, too. All pretty girls, one you could tell was a cheerleader, long blonde hair, skinny, nice size breasts and long legs to go with her soft, light skin. Marie had black hair that stopped in the middle of her back, it was beautiful, she was very voluptuous and filled out in all the right places and looked like a nice handful, her big breasts pushing out of her sweater and jeans fitting nicely around her hips and legs. And Lisa was a short hair brunette who was thin and had shorts on and a jersey, quite the tomboy who wasn't afraid to show off her womanly parts for the class.

"Oh, this is tough," Miss Sanders looked at her volunteers. "Oh, all three of you come up here and bring your desks."

All three girls went in front of the class, some of the boys were losing it, their hard dicks straining against their jeans or shorts, especially the ones around Kelly, sitting at her desk naked looking up at the three girls about to show their hymens and bare bodies to the whole class just as she did. She was getting wet by this and felt her hand go under her desk to her drench pussy and start rubbing a little bit around her slit. One of the boys behind her reached out and touched the middle of her back, she lightly moaned by it, still horny as hell from Miss Sanders' finger teasing. Running his finger down her back to the top of her butt and lightly traced down her crack under the seat. She lifted up allowing him to slide his hand under her butt to sit on and let him do whatever. His free hand rubbing his cock over his jeans, he felt her hot, wet pussy and wriggled his fingers around the best he could with them being sat on. Leaning forward in her desk, Kelly gave him better access to her pussy.

"Ok, girls, if you will please, strip down and get on your desks and open your legs." She said dryly. She was beyond turned on now, she was horny and wanted to so badly dive between the legs of one of these girls and let one of the boys just shove one of their dicks straight up her wet, drenched pussy.

All three girls were up on their desks with their legs spread open, smiling and giggling a little with showing off their young bodies to the whole class. Miss Sanders looked around her classroom, looking at her students, some of them have started to fondle Kelly, she was enjoying it very much, she wouldn't interfere unless it looked like it would get out of hand or she didn't want it to happen. Gary behind her had his hand under her rump, probably fingering her to heaven, she thought. And Ben next to her reached over to fondle one of her breasts and she was shocked at her right side, Kate had reached over and started rolling Kelly's nipple between her fingers, smiling at her while rubbing her own pussy inside her unbuttoned jeans. "Ok, class, let's pay attention up here real quick."

Moving behind Hillary first, she reached her arms around her waist and opening her pussy up and allowing all to see inside her pink, wet hole. "If you all see closely, feel free to come up and take a look, you can see a membrane wall, that is the hymen and it will have a hole or maybe even a few too, take note of that. Girls if you will, open your labia majora's wide and let them look too, since we can't all look at the same hymen." Smiling at her volunteers.

With the three girls sitting on top their desks, the class has gathered around the front to see up close a virginal pussy. Some of the boys at first were hesitant with standing up due to their hard dicks, but didn't care when they noticed some bolted right up to the front without a second thought of their hard ons. The girls were looking too, even though some of them had a hymen themselves, they didn't want to volunteer for it. Miss Sanders leaving Hillary to open her own pussy, she moved to Lisa who was sitting next to her and reached around and opened her pussy up for the viewers to see, and after awhile, moved on to Maria, who she personally liked the most. Maria had fat pussy lips and loved how they felt when she pushed her fingers in the soft flesh to open her lips up for the gathering crowd. All the girls were getting excited and started to drip juices from their pussies onto their desks.

Miss Sanders noticed one of the boys growing bold and pulled his penis out and started stroking it while looking at Lisa's hymen. Not wanting things to get out of control. "Ok all, let's get back to our desks and move on."

After everyone was in their desks, Miss Sanders returned to the front of hers and leaned against it, looking at her students, four girls naked and sitting in their desks as if they were dressed and all of her students horny as can be

"Any questions?" Before moving on, she asked her students.

"What about you?" Gary spoke up.

"What of me?"

"What does a fully matured woman look like?" Asking her hoping for her reaction to be what he has in mind.

"Oh, you don't want to see me, I am your old teacher." She answered blushing now.

"Yes I- we do." He replied back. The class agreed with him of wanting to see her naked.

"Well," She thought. "Here. If you all do well in this class and pass all your quizzes and tests, the last day, I will show you a mature woman's body completely bared and teach naked. Deal?" Handing out a worksheet.

The class cheered and returned back to their work on their sheets, some excited about the last day now without even knowing what is on the agenda for tomorrow and the day after before she strips for them. Miss Sanders continued on with the rest of the class with questions and gave them a little off the record quiz about what they learned in class before class was nearly over. Few minutes before the bell rang, she had the girls get dressed and once again reminded the students about their promise of not telling a soul about how they are educated in this subject.


Miss Sanders Sex-Ed Class - Final

The last day of sex-ed class.

Crawling out of her soft, warm bed, Monica Sanders let out a long yawn, stretching her arms high up causing her firm breasts to rise with under her silk nightie. Picking up her glasses off the nightstand and letting out another yawn before getting up and heading to her dresser getting clothes out and underclothes. Picking a white sweater to go over her undershirt and bra and a pair of black khaki pants over her white cotton panties. Sliding her nightie off and heading to her bathroom to get ready, she hung the nightie on the doorknob and went to pee and get herself ready for the Friday ahead of her.

She got to the school twenty minutes before the classes started and went over her schedule for the last day of her sex-ed classes before grading the last remaining quizzes from yesterday over male and female anatomy. She thought back to yesterday's events and felt her pussy grow with heat and anticipation of today's events. She knew she would be getting naked in front of her class and almost couldn't wait. This was the first year she ever done anything like this, hell, she thought, this is the first year she ever had students bold enough to ask about her.

Yesterday involved Ben getting up in front of the class and shedding his clothes as he stood naked with his six inch hard cock standing up, as she kept a firm hold on it. She lightly stroked it and when she reached his hips, she would rub the tip of her fingernails against his balls. He was nervous, but excited at the same time with a goofy smile sometimes and almost never blinking, just staring out in front of him. Some of the girls were shifting around in their seats a lot, keeping their legs crossed or rubbing their thighs together in slow, hard motions.

Some of the males were a little turned on at first, but grew excited watching her rub her hand slowly up and down Ben's cock. Most likely thinking of their own cocks getting the same attention. She went on to discuss the Male anatomy, reproductive system, and differences between a female body and a male body. She remembered one part, where she talked about a male's urethra and rubbed her forefinger over his little peehole and he let out a weird noise, groan of some sort. She felt so turned on at holding his young, hard cock, but also, how innocent he was and reacted towards his student modeling. Monica had him turn around to show the backside of a male, and she went on to discuss how different the buttocks and backs were compared to a female, keeping her hand on his dick rubbing it softly and slowly and guiding him by his dick to turn around.

Rubbing it more and more, she knew she couldn't send him back to his desk in the condition he was. She held a little tighter and picked up speed stroking his young cock. Her pussy getting wetter and hotter, her nipples hard against her button up dress shirt. She wanted so badly to bend over her desk and let him slide his inexperienced cock deep inside her and teach him and show her students how to fuck and suck. The girls moving more and more, rubbing their thighs faster and some even going as far to rub their tiny breasts over their shirts. Monica kept stroking him and she felt his body stiffen up and he gave her a quick glance, reaching out fast, she held her bare palm in front of his dick. Letting him shoot his cum into her hand, he did a pretty good load considering he is only eighteen, the youngest out of the class.

Monica felt the warm, white cum against her palm and it's driving her over the edge of lust and ecstasy. Ben felt dizzy and she guided him back to the edge of her desk to lean on and with his sperm still in her hand. Getting back up to the front of the class, she asked if anyone wanted to see the sperm and touch it, most the girls raised their hands as suspected, the guys were already familiar with it, anyways. She went up to the front of each girl's desk and held her hand out letting them feel it and look at it. Kelly looked up innocently at her and back down to her hand, putting her finger in it and stirring it around against her teacher's soft, gooey palm. Pulling away she noticed some left on her finger and shyly put her finger in her mouth.

After seeing that everyone had a chance to see it. She went back to her desk and took some tissues from a box on her desk to clean her hand off. It was a shame, she thought, letting all that young cum go to waste like that. She told Ben to get on her desk and keep his legs open and allowed anyone who wanted to see up close the male anatomy can do so for the next few minutes. She noticed a couple of the girls were brave enough to touch and hold his cock and balls, while the others were scooting closely to his, once again, hard cock. A lot of the boys kept at their desks, she laughed inside at their pride and humility they hold in front of their peers. After her hand was cleaned and another minute went by, Miss Sanders told everyone to go back to their desks and she took a stack of quizzes and passed them out once everyone was seated.

Yesterday was a good day, she thought to herself, grading the last quiz. They all passed with hundreds, she looked at the stack of quizzes with a grin and naughty thoughts. Her pussy becoming wetter and on fire. Looking up at the clock, brushing her hair out of her face to behind her ears. Five minutes till the first bell rings, she looked out every now and again at her door and noticed a couple of her kids were loitering in the hallway talking and getting last minute last night details in with each other. A couple already came in, tired, but also excited for today's events and knowing she is going to get naked after lunch.

The final bell rang and all of her students came flooding in through the tiny doorway to their seats. Checking attendance, she noticed them with a anxiousness boiling about the afternoon events that may or may not take place.

"So, I am sure you all are waiting to hear back about the test results." She said to her students with a grin. They smiled and awaited for her answer about what she was going to be doing after lunch. "Well, it isn't the time for sex-ed, that is this afternoon." She said with a teasing voice, following groans and slumping students.

"Can't you just give us a hint?" Mike asked out loud.

"Sorry. You will all find out this afternoon during sex-ed."

The day went by slow and hard for the students, especially the males, Monica was feeling anxious, too. She wanted to be naked and stared at by her young, innocent students. Their eyes roaming over her body, staring at her developed breasts, her stomach and hips leading down to her pussy with a little bit of fanned out pubic hair growing above her plump pussy lips. Looking back up to the clock for what seemed to be the millionth time today, lunch was almost over and soon she would have a full class again and she will be teaching in the nude.

The bell finally rang and her students came pouring in fast, usually it takes the second bell before they come in, and slow on top of that. A few students were still coming back, but they made it before the second bell, Holden and Billy came in, with grins, and now class can now get started. Walking in front of her desk, Miss Sanders took her glasses off and leaned up against her desk looking at her eager students. "Ok, I am going to take a wild shot in the dark here and guess what is on your minds." She teases even more with prolonging the event to come, looking at both her female and male students wide eyes of anticipation. "You all did very well! All hundreds, surprisingly." She told them. An eruption of cheers came out and wide smiles ear to ear.

"A deal is a deal." She told them.

The guys at the edge of their seats and girls even excited, wanting this moment since she proposed the agreement with them about their good grades for her nudity. Door closed with a 'do not disturb' sign out as usual with her afternoon classes during sex-ed. Being asked by the other teachers who teach sex-ed to their classes about how she gets her class to get all hundreds in the three day course, she simply replies with a smile and she knows how to get her class to pay attention and do as they are instructed.

"Are you sure you want to see your teacher naked?" She asked with a grin, knowing full well what they want and their eagerness getting the better of them.

"Yes!" Almost the whole class chimed in.

Knowing there was no going back, not that she really wanted to, but she was wondering if any had their doubts. Nope. There is no dissuading them about this. Feeling her throbbing pussy, wetting her panties now, her stomach doing flips and smiling at her students. Setting her glasses on the table, she left her hair down for this taking place so she didn't have to undo it. She took a hold of the bottom part of her thin sweater and lifting up exposing her white undershirt and slipping it off over her head. Her breasts high and firm under the tight undershirt, they aren't all that big, though, just a B-cup. It was so quiet now in the classroom just over the first garment being taken off, she looked at her students with a sly look and reached for her undershirt.

She pulled it up slowly, revealing her bare stomach and stopped under her breasts and looked at the class. Monica felt the air hit her stomach and her nipples hardened even more from it, eyes all over the room burning in her bare flesh. Slipping it past her bra covered tits, she heard inaudible noises as the top of her body is exposed in all of its glory with the exception of her bra. Turning around and showing off her lean back with her curves and shapes, she slid her arms out of her bra straps and kept her breasts covered, sliding it completely around where the cups were showing to the class over her back and the strap rubbing against her stiff nipples. Her mind racing and pussy soaking wet and needing attention fast.

Couple of the guys were frozen from staring at the bare back of their teacher, some females looked on with admiration and lust, too. Couple of the guys rubbing their jean covered dicks already, while others were too amazed by the show in front of them their minds turned to jelly. Dry mouths and aroused students all waited for her next move.

Oh my god, she thought, I am actually doing this, she unhooked the clasp across her breasts and let the bra fall to the ground. One, two, three, she counted down silently in her mind. Turning around she showed her breasts to her class and their jaws dropped, couple let out hoots and cheers, others reached under their desks or rubbing their thighs at the wonderful sight. "Here are my breasts, a fully developed set of breasts." She told the class, feeling so turned on and almost as mindless as her students. A rush of euphoria hitting her every second she stood there with her breasts being exposed and on display.

Reaching down for her khakis, she undid the button and slid the zipper down slowly. Letting out a seductive smile at her students who all had their eyes glued on her. She started to shake a little from the feeling of nervousness and first time stripping in front of her group of young students. Sliding her khakis down, wriggling her hips getting them to slide down the rest of her legs and letting them fall to her feet. Panties now remain before she is completely naked for her class and all that remains is her dress shoes, following her stepping out of her khakis and sliding her undies off.

Some of the boys were frozen at the sight, girls were staring in awe and lust, as well. Still not believing their teacher is getting completely naked in front of them. Her tits looked great, they were medium sized with soft looking pink nipples and her stomach was soft and firm looking. Some of the boys in the class were rubbing a little faster, others had stopped from the shock of lust and admiration. The girls were all thinking that is what they wish their bodies will look like when they develop and mature, along with getting turned on at the beautiful sight.

Lifting her leg up and sliding her shoes off and slipping her foot out of the khakis following the other one. Now standing in front of her class in nothing but cotton underwear and ankle socks. Monica hooked her thumbs on each side of her underwear and pulled them from her, sliding her thumbs to the front, she saw the look of anticipation and anxiousness burning in her students' eyes. Pulling the front down a little bit with her thumbs she let go and they all heard the waistband snap back against her soft skin.

"You are all sure you want to see me naked now, right?" She asked again, teasing her classroom.

"Y-yes." A few students said loudly, some muttered, others groaned something incoherently. She blushed a little from all this attention and lust geared towards her. She looked at Kelly, Marie, Ben, Holden, and Hillary. All of her students eyes on her and either secretly pleasuring themselves, frozen from excitement, or just plain admiring her. She loved it all.

Turning around with a shake of her hips, she heard some noises and she slid her ands around her hips and dipped them in the back of her underwear, feeling her bare butt on her palms and soft cotton on the back of her hands. This drove most all the guys crazy and a few girls, too. Sliding them back up and placing her thumbs on the outside of the waistband Miss Sanders pulled the back of her underwear down and slid her hands to the sides of her hips, exposing her bare, soft, round butt to all of her students. Sliding her hands to the front now and pulling her underwear down to her thighs, she continued slowly sliding them down her legs bending over in front of all of her students keeping her legs slightly parted. Some of the middle rows of desks could see her pussy lips between her legs, and all let out little gasps and moans. The stroking and rubbing of thighs increasing now.

Sliding her undies off of her foot and letting them drop to the ground next to her pile of clothes. She kept her back facing her students, as they admired her completely bare backside. Her round tushy and slender, curvy back with her long incredible legs and cute little feet. Opening her legs up a little bit, Monica took a quick breath, feeling the air against her wet pussy giving her a cool sensation making her all the more turned on. Turning slowly, she finally faced her class for the very first time being completely nude with the exception of her socks. She saw every pair of eyes open wide and mouths drop even lower than when she showed her bare breasts.

"Well, was it worth the wait?" She asked them all with a knowing answer.

There was silence in the classroom, admiration and lust surrounded her and she felt a hundred times more turned on that she ever thought she would doing this.

"You are hot!" Billy broke the silence among the students. A quiet chatter of agreement went across the row of desks.

"Oh stop! You're just saying that because I'm your teacher." She said with a blushing face. Her arms naturally in front of her covering when she wasn't thinking about keeping them to her side.

Her black hair down, breasts firm and nipples stiff, stomach shining against the fluorescent ceiling lights with her smooth legs having a shine. Her pussy hair fine and soft looking, fanned out and kept neatly trimmed with the hint of her showing pussy lips between her legs. She felt warm and nervous all over her body and couldn't believe she actually did this and now standing naked in front of twenty-two students.

Miss Sanders' charcoal black hair making the rest of her body look lighter than it really it causing a sexy contrast. After a minute of the students soaking it all in, they began to give compliments and admiration towards her naked body. Moving on with class, Monica scooted back some to lean against her desk, causing her to shift a bit from feeling the cold edge against her rump.

"Ok, let us review of what all you have learned the past two days in this class." She went on asking random questions about female and male anatomy, reproduction, sex, and differences and similarities.

A minute of this went on before one of the guys finally asked what the whole class was wanting to ask and know. That question students always wonder when they have a hot teacher, especially a young one.

"How often do you have sex?" Shane asked after she finished answering a question from the first day for Kelly about what a blowjob was.

"Umm, I. . .," she was thrown off a little by the question and boldness of it. "Well. It has been a while, teachers don't have much of a personal life after we finish grading papers, projects, and scheduling the classes for the week on weekends." She just acknowledged the fact she told her class she has almost a next to nothing sex life, let alone a personal life at that.

"Do you like it?" Marie asked with a hint of curiosity, looking at her face and natural breasts as she was answered.

"Well, of course." She answered with honesty.

In fact, she loves it, but ever since she started teaching she has had no time to meet any new guys or potential boyfriends. Sometimes the occasional guy friend of hers would come over to visit and it might end with a friendly fuck, but nothing relationship wise, though. Maybe one day, she thought to herself looking at her students who still had their eyes glued to her bare body. The guys looked at her pussy with extreme lust while the girls admired her full and natural breasts, most likely wishing that their breasts will be this beautiful when they are her age.

Hopping on her desk, Miss Sanders thought she would give her students a little bit of a view. Sitting on the cold desk Monica opened her legs and sat in front of her students as all of their eyes went straight between her legs to see her wet pussy lips. This caused a wave of pleasure to come over her, it feels so unreal, she thought.

The whole class now have a complete view of her pussy and became even more aroused. The guys kept stroking slowly and all the girls feeling their panties become wet and their thighs rubbing hard up and down in slow motions. Some even dipping their hands between their legs and rubbing over their pants. What came next would cause a open gate of pleasure and arousal.

"Are there anymore questions?" She asked, raising her right leg on the desk and resting her foot at the edge. Her wet pussy lips slightly opening and showing off the inner pink lips, glistening from being sopping wet and under the lights.

"Could you show us a fully developed mature vagina?" Billy asked her with shyness, afraid she might say no and put an end to this for asking her to do something like that.

"You all are just really wanting to learn, huh?" She asked them with a teasing, low voice. Brushing her hair back behind her ears and raising her other leg up and showing her whole pussy to the class sitting at the edge of her desk.

They all looked with lust at her pussy, wet and even wetter inner lips peeking out of her plush folds. She reached down with her hand and used two fingers to open them up completely to show off her whole pussy. Most all looked at her open pussy hole and how sopping wet and shiny it was and the others saw her clit peeking out. It was so wet and pink, most the guys lost it and stroked even more now and the girls opened their legs and rubbed their pussies or their thighs still.

"Given the circumstances of today. If you feel the need to masturbate, go on ahead and do so. Just keep in mind our little agreement about this subject's rules." She gave permission for the class to openly masturbate in front of her. She knew what kind of condition they would be in when they leave for the day and didn't want any of them taking chances and her whole sex-ed syllabus is ruined for future years with her teaching career, as well.

With that said, most the guys whipped their dicks out and began stroking full lengths with lust while looking straight at her open pussy. Some girls undid their jeans and slipped their hands into their panties and rubbed their little to no hair covered pussies, running their finger up and down between their lips, getting all the more wetter. Looking at some of the guys stroking their cocks, Monica was overwhelmed with lust and pleasure to the point she stopped holding her pussy lips open and started rubbing her own pussy. Using her forefinger to rub her clit all around she rocked slowly back and forth on her desk feeling her pussy juices run down to between her cheeks and the desk, causing her butt to become wet and slide a little faster on the wooden desk. All of her students kept their eyes on her rubbing and within moments of her touching herself, she slid her finger inside of her pussy hole and watched her finger fuck herself on the desk in front of her class.

It only took a minute of fingering her pussy with one finger until she came and soaked the edge of her desk and butt in the process. Coming to a slow stop, she pulled her finger out of her pussy and still kept her eyes closed, thinking about all of her students masturbating in front of her, giving her a huge orgasm. Coming all over her desk, she slid off and coated her butt cheeks with her juices. She couldn't believe she just did that, with having her lust and strong emotions settling down after coming, she felt a little weird and guilty doing so in front of her students, but was still turned on, especially watching them masturbate, the feeling didn't last long.

Stepping closer towards her masturbating students, Miss Sanders went to the end of one row of desks and was standing in front of Ben's desk. She opened her legs and showed him her pussy up close and used her fingers to open up her pussy and she pointed out the different parts of a vagina as he kept stroking. She slid a finger inside of herself and explained this is the birth canal for pregnant women and where a man puts his penis at for sexual intercourse. He came in his hand shortly after she stuck her finger up inside her pussy.

Walking to the other side of the room in front of Marie's desk she turned around and showed Marie her soft, ample butt and reached around opening her cheeks up. Displaying her tight pink butt hole and pussy lips between her thighs. Looking back behind her at Marie, she noticed her hand going up and down even faster now as she stared at her puckered little hole and wet lips. Miss Sanders went on to inform her again of the female anatomy regarding the buttocks and backside. Rubbing her finger all around her asshole before sliding it down to her pussy lips and sliding between them going back up to her tight hole with a wet finger leaving a trail of pussy juice. Marie instinctively reached out and placed her cold hand on her hip with nervousness, Miss Sanders jumped at the touch at first. But felt her hand slowly warm up as she kept it on her hip, she was frozen with nervousness and touching another naked body, a woman at that, for the very first time.

Straightening out and walking away from Marie's hand, she went in front of Hillary and all the time she moved around the class all the students kept their eyes on her, never leaving her nude body for one second. She leaned over on Hillary's desk and had her breasts inches away from her face, close enough to feel her breathing heavy on them from rubbing her finger over her pussy lips inside her hip jeans. Monica was so turned on beyond rational thinking any of the students could have done anything they wanted and she would have allowed it. But none did, they kept their hands to themselves and only looked, afraid she might get upset and put an end to the show.

Hillary kept her eyes on her teacher's stiff nipples and how beautiful her breasts looked. Miss Sanders looked down at Hillary's hand inside her jeans moving up and down really fast. Hillary opened her jeans up wider and pulled her panties out with her free hand to show Miss Sanders her pussy being rubbed. Letting out a groan of approval, Monica stood up and went to another random desk. Being Holden's desk.

She looked down at him stroking his cock, it looked to be about five and a half inches, but pretty thick. He kept stroking it and looking at his teacher up close now. She opened her legs and rubbed her pussy on the edge of his desk, leaving wet trails as she pulled back. He looked at the fine pubic hair fanned out and her lips moving open and closing as she rubbed her pussy on his desk. His teacher letting out soft moans as she kept her rubbing up. Her finger trailing down her stomach, past her soft pussy hair and touching her clit. Rubbing it in tiny circles and pinching it in front of her student, without warning Holden shot a little load of cum, again, not too bad for his age, she thought as she looked down opening her eyes after she heard a grunt.

His cum shot in the palm of his hand too, luckily, or else it'd of hit his shirt and leave a huge wet spot. Holden reached over slowly and touched the wet corner of his desk and tasted his teacher's juices. Couple the guys sitting around him reached over as well and rubbed their fingers on the corner. She took the time to get her senses together and went to Lisa's desk. Lisa looked especially cute today, Miss Sanders thought as she looked down at her student. And seeing her jeans around her ankles and hand stuffed inside her panties made her all the more prettier, she thought, smiling at her.

Lisa pulled her hands out of her panties and showed Miss Sanders her wet fingers and smiled gleefully at her, as if she was looking for approval of how wet she could get her fingers. Dipping her own hand between her legs and rubbing her pussy, getting her fingers wet. Miss Sanders reached over and touched Lisa's wet fingers with her own wet fingers and gently rubbed her pussy juices onto her student's juiced fingers. Lisa shuddered at the skin contact and licked her fingers clean before stuffing them back down her panties and rubbing more, now with a furious motion.

Looking around at her class, she noticed Billy behind her was admiring her bare butt as he stroked himself and soon came in his hand when she opened her butt for him to view her tight, puckered hole. Smiling at him and looking at the load he shot in his hand and little on his desk, she reached up and bunched her tits together and rubbed them together in front of his face only inches away.

She continued this for the remainder of class, not even bothering with information about the female body. All of her students were too much involved in masturbating to listen any. All of her students successfully came, couple girls, however, did not. But they kept rubbing their pussies, anyways. She went back up to her desk and gathered her clothes up, bending over in front of her students, giving them one last view of her butt and pussy before she dressed back up. Monica felt so turned on it drove her absolutely crazy, she knew tonight she would get a visit and not worry about anything at all this weekend, except getting full and concluding her lesson of sex-ed with a friend or two.
