Mall Strut
	I can't believe that I am really doing this.  Walking in the mall, wearing slutty black pumps, a black silk mini-skirt with a tiny lace thong underneath, and a flimsy white silk blouse with just a thin lace bra underneath.   The nervousness that I feel is causing tiny little beads of sweat to form and trickle down my blouse.  I had a bet with my husband, over a stupid basketball game, with the loser having to do whatever the other wanted for a full day.  I had his day all planned out, painting and doing all kinds of stuff around the house.  I was sure that I was going to win, but here I am, in the mall looking like a prostitute.  If I had known what he wanted me to do, I never would have taken the bet.
	I  feel like a slut and I know that I look like one too, but somehow, a part of me is enjoying this.  All of the men staring at me is really doing something to me. I can feel the moistness between my legs and an urge to show more of myself off.  When I first started out today, I was very self conscious and kept my arms in front of my chest, but realizing that this just brought more attention to myself, I forced myself to act naturally; and soon I realized that I enjoyed their eyes undressing me.  I have even found myself trying to catch men looking at me, watching their faces as their eyes wander all over my over-exposed body.  Earlier I caught a teenage boy staring at me, and without even realizing what I was doing, I stretched my arms up, pressing my breasts against the blouse and enjoying the look on his face as he stared at my breasts straining the fabric of the blouse.  I am supposed to meet my husband in the food court for some new instructions and I can only imagine what he has planned for me next. 
	 I think that those three guys are following me.  As I stop and pretend to be interested in a window display, I notice that they are stopped also.  As I continue on, I see that they are right behind me.  I have to admit that as nervous as I am, I am also very turned on by this.  Oops, I just dropped my purse.  As I bend over to pick it up, I can feel this tiny silk skirt ride up my behind and my nearly naked ass  is exposed to them and whoever else is looking in my direction.  Knowing that these men can see so much of me me is making me even hotter. I can't believe how turned on I am, I never realized that acting like a slut would feel so sexy, so confident, so powerful .  I am not sure anymore if the reason that I am sweating is  nervousness or lust.  I steal a quick glance at my followers and I see that they are stopped, and if I wasn't so turned on I would have to laugh, they are staring at me with their mouths wide open.  I give them a quick smile and I continue walking knowing that they are watching my butt as I wiggle away.
	I notice that they are getting closer and not trying to hide themselves anymore.   I am almost to the food court and my appointment with my husband. I step onto the escalator with my little following right behind me, and I know that they can look right up my skirt.  Knowing that they can probably see how wet my knickers are makes me even hotter.  I am tempted to really give them a show by putting my hand inside my knickers and my finger inside my dripping slit, but I fight that temptation off.  I am on the verge of an orgasm  and I feel my legs wobble as I reach the top of the escalator and step off.
	I see my husband Chuck at a table near the McDonalds, as I start to walk toward him, he smiles at me and walks away.  I see an envelope on the table, and I go take his place.  On the envelope I see Chuck's writing and his instructions for me to go to the ladies room and open the envelope.   I know that he is watching me and I remember our deal, that if I didn't follow his instructions, no matter how stupid, exactly as I was told, that we would repeat the whole day next weekend.  I hastily grab the envelope and just as I start to stand, the three strangers walk by, one of them starts to say something to me, but as I make my way to the ladies room, I just ignore him.
	Sitting here in the empty lounge, I open up the envelope, and I almost emit a gasp as I comprehend the next part of my day.  I am to remove my bra and my knickers, put them in my purse, and continue to walk until I get to a bench in front of a lingerie store, on the other side of the mall.  I sit and make a decision that I am not going to do this, and walk out of this mall right now, that not only the bet is off but that Chuck was really going to hear me out about this,  but as I stand, instead of leaving, I find myself entering an empty stall.  I close the door and I quickly remove my blouse and my bra, and while putting on the blouse I can only help but see how my large, dark nipples stick out of this flimsy little silk blouse.  As I remove my knickers, I am surprised by how moist and warm that they are.  I put everything inside of my purse, but I am so horny that I have to touch myself for just a second.  I sit, pull my skirt up, closing my eyes I start to play with myself.  Rubbing my clit feels so good. I imagine that I am doing this in front of a crowd urging me on.  I am surprised again by how quickly, how powerfully I am overcome by pure lust.  Oh my God, I didn't mean to actually go this far but here it comes, Ohhh My God.  As I am overcome by an orgasm, I hear myself moan, I try to stay silent but I know that I some sounds have escaped my lips.  
	Now that I have my composure back, I realize just how turned on I am  by showing off my body to total strangers.  I straighten out my clothes and as I walk by the mirror, I can see exactly what I look like.  My blouse is not hiding anything, my 36c chest is, well, I almost would be better off without a blouse, and as I walk, I can feel how they are bouncing around  I look at my skirt and see that the bottom of the skirt is just below my butt, just the slightest breeze will let everybody see how naked I am under this tiny skirt.  Since nobody is in here, I bend over to see how much of me shows when I do that.  Oh, this skirt rides up so high, I better not do that if I don't want to get arrested now. As I pull down on my skirt, I hear a sound from one of the stalls, I give a quick look and notice that one of the stalls is occupied, with the door open a crack, and I can hear somebody in there, it sounds like she is masturbating.  My curiosity gets the best of me, so I go closer to the stall, and ask, "Are you OK?"  I hear her say yes but it comes out almost as a moan.  I fight off the urge to open th door, but my curiosity gets the best of me, and I decide to wait and see this woman,  I start to stall, freshening up up my makeup, and after s short while, I see her get out of the stall, I realize that she has been sweating, with a look of satisfaction on her face. I guess that she is about my age, mid twenties with  blonde hair as opposed to my dark brown, but physically we are pretty similar, about the same height of 5'4", same build, although I might be a bit bustier, and a tiny little waist, although I must admit that she is thinner than me.  I look her in the eye and she greets me with a playful smile as I notice her beautiful green eyes.  
	She quickly explains to me that she had been following me because... I ask her to repeat the last part because I didn't quite hear it.  I can't believe it, she just told me that she was following me because she wants to make love to me.  When I stopped to pick up my purse earlier, she decided that she had to have me, and has been following me since.  Somehow I didn't notice her. I have no idea what to say.  As I stand in front of her, open mouthed, she quickly explains to me that she is bisexual and often comes to the mall to pick up bored housewives.   When she walked into the ladies room after me, she heard me moaning and had to go and play herself, but when I was looking at myself in front of the mirror, that brought her over the edge.  I have always been sort of curious about what it felt like to be with another woman, but I have never had a chance to find out, and now this beautiful woman is trying to pick me up, I have no idea how to react. She explains to me that many women come to the mall looking to for a lover, and she can tell when a women wants another woman without even realizing it. She continues that I may not realize it, but I would enjoy myself so much if I came with her.  I quickly start to protest, but she quiets me with a too passionate kiss that I can't help but return.  She somehow can see the nervous and confused state that I am in, and she reaches in her purse and pulls out a business card, writes on it, and tells me to call her soon.  I watch her leave and look down at the card and see her name, work number, pager number and beeper number.
	I better get going, Chuck is going to be waiting for me.  I walk out of the bathroom and look around for my little group of followers, but they are nowhere to be found.  Suddenly I feel self conscious and lost, I am in the middle of a huge mall nearly naked.  As hot as I felt before, suddenly all of that sexual arrousement that I is gone, replaced by embarrassment and humiliation.  I better get going and get this over with before I get arrested for solicitation.
	I am almost to my next rendezvous with Chuck when I notice that I have regained my group of admirers.  I can feel myself getting more confident and at ease as I find myself with somebody familiar, even if they are strangers.  Feeling daring again, I stop at the fountain and open my purse for some change and toss a quarter into the fountain.  I can't see them, but I can somehow feel their eyes run up and down my body, but I can sense somebody coming closer to me.  A part of me wants to escape and get out of here, and I actually decide to continue on, but just as I turn around I see one of the trio standing next to me.  As I look over to him, he gives me a sexy little smile.  Up close I can see that he is quite handsome with very muscular body and an appealing bulge between under his jeans.  I smile at him and with that he moves closer to me.  I want to move away but I am nearly frozen in place, not by terror, but something else.  I need to see what will happen next .  Without even saying anything, he takes hold of my hand and places it on his penis.  I really can't believe that I am doing this, but I give it a little squeeze just to tease him and I am filled with a lustfulness, all I want at that moment is to have his cock inside of me.  Somehow I get the strength to take my hand away, and I feel as if a spell has been broken.  I look at him and smile but turn to leave.  I hear him say, "You can go if you want, at least let me get a good look at you." I turn toward him, and I feel so embarrassed yet so sexy.  I can see his eyes go over my entire body, undressing me with his eyes, they start at my ankles and slowly move up the entire length of me, pausing at my breasts, when he gets to my eyes I hear him say, "Now turn around and bend over."
	I am shocked by his request and reply, "What do you think I am, some sort of plaything?"  
	"No, but you know that you want to, so do it"

	Without the will to fight the urge to let this strange man look at my naked body, I do as he says and as I bend over, I can feel the cool air over my naked wet pussy.
	"Now open your legs so I can get a good look the rest of you."
	Without even looking around to see if anybody can see me, I follow his command not able to stop myself even if I wanted to.  I can feel his eyes almost fucking my exposed slit with his stare.  
	"Now finger yourself faster."
	I then realize that my hand has moved between my legs and that I am actually fucking myself with my finger as he watches me.  Realizing that I am masturbating in public, I start to moan and again I feel the flushness of an orgasm overtake me.
	After what seems like forever, I compose myself and turn to look at my admirer.  I find him next to me, he grabs me and I feel his hands on my bare flesh, his lips reaching toward mine and finding my eager lips searching for his. I know what I am doing is wrong, but  I can't stop.  Soon his tongue is inside of my mouth and somehow my hand is grabbing at his cock, feeling the size of him and wanting to feel his bare flesh.  I can feel his fingers sliding into me.  my mind is telling me to stop, that I can't do this.  I am thinking that I am a married woman, and this is wrong....  but it feels so good.  He ends the kiss but keeps his fingers inside of me. 
	At this moment, I realized what we are doing and where we are at, and pull away from him.  I tell him that I have to go, and as I turn to leave, I  hear him telling me that if I want to leave with him and his buddies, that they will wait for me for a half an hour right here by the fountain.
	I have never wanted anything more than to stay and go with them wherever they want, do whatever they want, but somehow I find the strength to leave.  I turn the corner and I see my husband waiting for me smiling.  I sit with him on the bench and in disbelief I hear him say what a show I put on back at the fountain.  From where he was watching he could see everything.  He watched as I showed myself off to the stranger, watched as I masturbated and orgasmed in front of everybody, watched as I put my hand on this strange man's cock, his fingers enter my wet pussy, our wet kiss.  I never intended for Chuck to see this, but at the moment he was the last thing on my mind, I was overcome by a powerful sexual force.  He asks me what the man told me, I quickly tell him and start to apologize, but he quiets me and tells me the next part of his plan for me.  He wants me to return to the fountain and go with them.  I can't believe it, what does he think I am, then he reminds me of what I owe him and I realize that I have to go, not for Chuck, but for me.

	
	Walking toward the fountain, I see them sitting next to it.  I didn't really take the time to look at them before, but now I can see that all three are built like athletes, They are all dressed similarly, in shorts and sport shirts. The one that kissed me is about 6'1 and built like a football player, all muscles, the one next to him is about the same height but a little smaller but with a sweet innocent face, and the third is just a bit taller and even though he isn't as muscular as the others, he really is the best looking one of the bunch, he has the body of a dancer.
	They finally see me approaching them, the football player gets up first to meet me and without saying a word, grabs me and kisses me.  I have never been so hot in my life.  He releases the kiss, takes my hand and wordlessly I follow him with the others right behind.  We walk out of the mall and into the parking lot.  We approach a convertible, and he motions me to get into the back seat.  This feels so dangerous, I don't even know their names or even if I will be safe, but it is too late to turn back now.  I climb into the backseat, half heartedly trying to keep my skirt down, but knowing that it is useless to even try and not even caring anymore. The football player and the dancer climb into the back with me and the other one gets into the car and starts it up.  Before I can even think about asking out, we are off.
end part 1

"Mall Strut" part 2

At this moment, I feel so many different things, embarrassment, terror, but most of all a sexual energy inside of me that I have never felt before.  I feel a hand on my thigh and for the first time I speak.  "I don't even know any of your names."
	The dancer looks at me and smiles and tells me that his name is Anthony, the football player is Randy and the driver is David.  I smile back at him and introduce myself as Maria.  This is followed by a period of uncomfortable silence, tired of waiting I decide that I will take the initiative.  I put my hands on Randy's and Anthony's thighs, and slowly start to move my hands up toward their manhood.  Finally Randy turns me to kiss him, and I remove my hand from his thigh and my other hand moves up Anthony's leg and I find his hard cock.  I break my lips from Randy's, and I start to kiss Anthony, the whole time feeling how large and how hard he is.  While I am kissing him, I feel Randy start to massage my breast and then start to unbutton it.  Soon I feel the cool wind on my bare breasts and I feel Randy's mouth take my nipple into his mouth.  I break Anthony's kiss, and push his mouth down to my other breast.  I have never had both of my nipples sucked at the same time before and it really feels so good.  I open my eyes for just a second and I see David smiling at me in the rear view mirror.  I have to remember that we are still outside and that anybody driving by us will be able to see me.  Somehow this thought, instead of slowing me down, has made me feel even hotter.  I start to open up Randy's zipper, but he smiles at me and tells me to wait until we get to our destination.  Randy asks me if I want to keep going with them  or if I want to go home.  I quickly answer that I want to go with them.  They both let go of me and Anthony finishes taking off my blouse, telling me that until we reach his house I am to give them a show.
	I close my eyes and I start to massage my naked breasts, pulling one nipple to my mouth and gently licking it with my tongue  I feel my skirt being raised and my other hand goes to my pussy, and I start to put one finger inside of my drenched cunt. I let it rub against my clitoris, feeling the pleasure of my own touch.  I am so turned on that this slight touch brings me to the brink of another orgasm.  I start rubbing my wet hot pussy and I can hear my screams of pleasure over the sound of the wind rushing by. 
	Stopped at a stoplight I feel somebody looking at me, I open my eyes to see a man in a pickup looking straight down at me.  Embarrassment is overcome by the exhibitionist in me, and I just smile at him and push my breasts together with my arms, as the light changes, we take off with all the three men with me laughing at the astonishment on the guys face, but I am still in the rush of my orgasm and I feel shudder run down my body leaving me with a tingling between my legs.
	We pull up to a gated entrance, and as the gate opens it  dawns on me what I am about to do.  As I get out, David stops me, and kisses me and starts to run his hands all over me.  I feel another set of hands unzipping the skirt and pulling it down.  I step out of it and I realize that I am standing outside completely naked with three men ready to fuck me.  I am so hot right now that I barely feel myself being picked up and carried into the house.
	Entering the house we go through a living room and past a couple of doors into a room with a large waterbed.  Randy puts me down on the bed and explains to me that this is going to be a night that I will never forget.  I smile at him and unzip his zipper, finally getting my hands and my mouth on a cock.  I have never been so hungry for one in my entire life.  Normally I don't like to give blow jobs, but right now all I want to feel is his cock inside of my mouth and his his hot cum going down my throat.  As I am sucking him to the best of my ability, I feel another set of hands on me, and soon I feel somebody's mouth kissing my back.  I stop my blow job and lay on my back, motioning for Randy to bring his cock back to my mouth.  Soon it is back in and I start devouring him again.  I look down and I can see David kissing my legs and moving his way up.  Soon his tongue is licking my pussy and nothing has ever felt so good to me in my entire life.  I quickly have a powerful orgasm, screaming about how good it feels.  As I am cumming, David removes his mouth and puts his cock inside of me, as good as I felt before, I feel even better now, I don't even know if it is the same orgasm or another but I am soon in exctasy again. As I feel David cum inside of me, I soon settle down and compose myself by concentrating on Randy's cock inside of my mouth.  When I see Anthony's hands grab my leg right leg and David grab my left leg, I am too lost in lust to realize what they are doing.  Too absorbed in Randy's cock,  I don't even realize what is happening and I soon find my legs handcuffed to the bed.  As soon as I realize what they are doing, I free my mouth and start to say something, but I am cut off by Anthony telling me to be quiet and to trust them.  I soon feel my hands being handcuffed to the bed and I feel so helpless but yet so turned on.  Then I fell all of their hands start to touch and caress me, and any apprehensibly that I felt is now gone.  I close my eyes so I can lose myself in their touch, barely noticing that a pair of hands has left.  I can feel the hands run up and down my entire body, momentarily pausing at my breasts and between my open legs.  I feel the other pair of hands push up my head, and I feel something being put around my head, covering my eyes.  Not caring and not able to stop it if I wanted to, I let myself be blindfolded.
	Soon all I can feel is the touch of their hands on me, I feel a cock, I have no idea whose it is, start to enter my wet pussy, and at the same time I feel one near my mouth and I instinctively move my hands toward them but find them restrained, I open my mouth and feel it fill my mouth, not really able to suck on it, I feel it start to fuck me.  I have never been with anybody but my husband, and both of these are larger than my husbands penis, and I have never had one so far in my throat before, trying not to gag I soon find that if I relax that I can handle it.  
	The cock that is fucking my pussy starts to pump faster and harder and I can feel him start to moan and hear him say that he going to cum.  I feel him pull out of me and feel empty, but soon I feel his hot sperm start to land all over my stomach and my breasts.  Then I hear the other one start to say that he is cumming, and as he starts to cum, I realize that he is going to cum inside of my mouth, I soon feel his hot cum fill up my mouth and my throat, and I hungrily start to swallow all of it.  I can feel it drip past my lips but as hard as I try I can't swallow it all.
	I feel another cock, this one shorter but wider than the others enter my pussy.  I am so close to cumming again that I start to push myself against him, trying to get all of it in me and trying to get him to pump faster.  between moans and screams I hear myself saying things that I had never before thought of saying, "fuck me harder.",  "faster faster" "  Soon I am cumming with a force that I had never felt before.  I feel myself start to black out and...
	I wake up in the same bed alone.  I sit up, realizing that I am now free to move.  Even though I am naked, I don't feel ashamed about, I have never felt so calm and relaxed.  I stand on shaky legs and look around, I open the door and I hear music and familiar voices down the hall, I walk to them and enter the room.  The guys smile at me and whistle, I start to move to the rhythm of the music, feeling my bare breasts bounce and their eyes all over me.  They wave for me to to come closer, and as I dance toward them I feel so free, so liberated, so sexually awake.  
	I get to them, and with a little smile on my face, I start to bend down, unzipping David's zipper, letting his cock loose, I get on my knees, with my ass sticking out and start to lick his cock, soon I have the entire thing inside of my mouth, and I feel a cock enter my pussy.  Not even looking back, I start to get into a rhythm with the music and the fucking.  Soon I feel the cock pull out of my pussy, and I look over to see Anthony lying on the couch, his long hard cock pointing straight up.  I go over to him, sit over his cock, and slowly let myself down, feeling his entire shaft enter me.
	I feel Anthony pull my head toward his, and our mouths meet in a wet eager kiss, then I feel something start to lubricate my asshole, and a finger start to enter it.. Feeling this, I stop pumping the cock that is filling my we pussy, but feeling this finger probing an area of me that had never been touched and wanting it to fill me, but feeling afraid of the pain, I tell him to stop, but my body  defies my wishes and continues to push against the finger, soon it is completely inside of me, then in an instant I hear it pop out of me.  Soon I feel something wider and bigger press against it..  Knowing what was coming next didn't prepare me for the rush of pain as the head of a cock filled my ass, but since the cock was entering me slowly, soon the pain was not replaced, but overwhelmed by the urge to have it all inside of me.  Slowly I could feel it fill my hole, feeling the two cocks inside of me start to move is a feeling that I cannot describe.  I can feel them almost rubbing against one another, soon they start pumping me faster and faster, I open my eyes and I see Randy in front of me, masturbating, I smile at him and lick my lips and as he moves closer I am in exctasy as I put my lips around his cock.  At first there is an awkward moment of un-coordination, but we quickly develop a rhythm and I am  completely lost in my lust as these three cocks fill all three of my holes.  
	I feel myself almost immediately start to orgasm, but not wanting this feeling to end, I keep my composure and I can feel many almost mini-orgasms start to come over me in waves.  Lost in all of the moaning I can instinctively feel that all three are about to cum almost at the same time.  First Anthony starts to cum inside of my pussy, feeling his cum spurt inside of me brings me completely over the edge.  Soon I feel Randy start to unload inside of my mouth, I hungrily try to swallow it all but again I feel it start to drip all over me.  At the same time I feel David let loose his orgasm inside of my asshole.  The three of them filling me with their hot cum brings on a orgasm like the one I had before, and as I hear myself moan and scream on the verge of another mind-blowing orgasm, I remember that the French call an orgasm "the little death" and I black out again.
	I wake up to an empty house, with my clothes laid out beside me with a note...
	"Thank you Maria, I am  sorry that I couldn't be with you right now but I would love to keep in touch (and more than touch) with you.  Feel free to help yourself to the shower, the sauna, whatever. Here are the keys to my car in the garage, feel free to use it but just return it to me in the next couple of days.  Looking forward to seeing you again, David"
	I relax for a while on what has happened to me today, and I realize that my life has just changed.  A side of me has been awakened and I will never be able to ignore it anymore, suddenly I realize that my relationship with my husband has changed, but I know (hope) that he will understand.  But then again, maybe not.  After all, it's not every man that has to put up with a wife changing from a demure suburban housewife to a nymphomaniac with a burning need for sex.  But then again, it was his idea...
	I find the bathroom and look at myself in the mirror.  I no longer see a bored suburban housewife, I see an awaken sexual animal.  I hop in the shower and bring myself to another orgasm with the handheld shower massage.  Before today, I always felt a tinge of embarrassment and guilt whenever I masturbated, but not anymore.  I walk back to the bedroom and lie on the bed listening to the radio as I put on my clothes.  I hear the time and I realize that I have been in this house for six hours.  I find the nearest telephone and I frantically call my house.  Chuck calmly answers the phone and asks me how I a doing.  I answer seductively it was even better than I ever imagined, beyond even his wildest dreams.
	He then reminds me that I am still his for the day, but asks me if I have anything that I would like to do.  I remember the woman that I met at the mall, and I slyly tell him about my encounter with her.  He laughs and tells me that I would never do anything like that.  I tell him that I will, but he still doesn't believe me.  We come to an agreement on another bet.  Same as this one, the loser is the others for a day.  I quickly agree and tell him I will be home soon, but not too soon.
	I open my purse and pull the business card out.  I dial her home phone and when I hear her answer, I almost hang up, but I quickly introduce myself, and she laughs, saying that she was waiting for me to call.  She gives me her address and soon I am out the door on the way to her place.
	In the garage I realize that the car that is left for me to borrow is the same black convertible that I arrived in.  I leave the house, leaving my blouse open at the waist, reveling in the feeling of the wind blowing across my naked breasts, making my nipples hard.  A couple of guys in trucks honk at me but I barely bother to acknowledge their stares.  Soon I find myself at the address that she gave me, and as get out of the car I suddenly hear a voice inside of my head telling me that this is all wrong and I should just go home.  I quickly put that thought out of my mind as I reach her door and ring the bell.
	She opens the door, and I see that she is dressed in tiny denim shorts and an orange bikini top.  I enter her house and close the door behind me.  The next thing that I realize is that I have grabbed her and started to kiss her on the lips.  She kisses me back, softly yet hungrily, like I have never been kissed before, then breaks my kiss.  I try to pull her back to me but she is stronger than I am, and laughs at me saying that she knew I would come to her.  I try to get closer to her again, wanting to feel her touch, her lips pressed against mine, but she again tells me to do as I say.  I try to force the issue again and soon I find myself laying on her floor, forcefully pushed back by her. She is sitting on top of me not laughing at me, but smiling at me.
	She pulls her bikini top up and looks at me saying, "Is this what you want?"
She leans down and lets her nipple linger near my lips, as I start to lick it she pulls it away from me.  I can see her nipple glistening with my saliva as she looks down at me, smiles and removes the bikini top, and lets her breast come to my mouth, moaning in pleasure as I suckle on it.  She pulls it away again and it is replaced by her lips.  We softly kiss and my aggressiveness is soon overcome by her firm but gentle kiss.  I soon realize that this will be very different from the animal sex that I had with David, Anthony and Randy.
	As she moves so we are side to side, I feel her hands start to gently caress my skin.  Making tiny circles on my stomach, slowly moving up and circling each breast, making more tiny circles around my nipples.  Th whole tome she is doing this we are still kissing, probing each others mouths with our tongues.  I find my hands gently massaging her soft skin, moving down past her taut stomach and past her cutoffs, to her the bare skin of her thighs.  As animalistic as I felt before, I feel the calmness of sex this time, and I gently massage her opening thighs.  My fingers find their way to the buttons of her shorts, and I unbutton them one by one, never removing my lips from hers.  Too soon she breaks our kiss. and she stands and motions for me to follow her.
	I do and soon we reach her bedroom, and she removes the rest of her clothes and walks to me and removes what little clothes that I still have on.  She softly hugs me and pulls me to her mouth for another kiss, this one even softer and gentler than the one before.  I start to feel the hunger inside of me and I start to kiss her harder, but she pulls back, telling me to relax and to let her teach me how different it is with another woman.  She lays me back on the bed, and lays on top of me, first kissing me again on my lips, but then slowly works down and starts to nibble on my ears and my neck.  I can feel the goose bumps all over my body at this familiar yet different sensation overcomes me.  After what feels like forever she moves her lips to my breasts, and starts to playfully lick them and suck on them gently.  I have always had sensitive nipples but for the first time I actually start to orgasm  from  her touch on my nipples.  This orgasm  is so different than what I have been feeling all day, so calm, so relaxed, yet still intense.  She hears me moan and gently continues to massage and suckle on my breasts.  The orgasm ends as gently as it came, and I feel her mouth start to move down my body again.  Slowly kissing my stomach, working her way down to my sweet wet pussy.  She soon gets there and starts to kiss and lick me in a manner that I had never imagined before.  I feel another orgasm coming, and she slowly inserts her finger inside of me, not forcefully like others have done to me before, but softly, rapidly putting a part of it in and pulling it out.  Never inserting it all the way but enough that I can feel it go in and out.  I am soon lost in exctasy again and I can hear myself moan as another orgasm rips my body.  
	I open my eyes and I see her standing up, she then sits on top of me, straddling my stomach.  I close my eyes as she starts to massage my upper body, starting at my chest but working her way to my shoulders, moving her body up at the same time.  I can feel the wetness of her as her pussy rubs against my body.  I open my eyes and I see her vagina in front of my face.  As it gets close enough to me, I start to lick her, trying to duplicate what she did to me.  Even though I have never done this before, I must be doing it right because I can hear her start to moan as she moves her body against my tongue and mouth.  Soon she is screaming from an orgasm taking over her body.  She collapses next to me and she hugs me as I cuddle against her and I find myself drifting off to sleep.
	When I awake, I feel her body against mine.  I slowly stand trying not to wake her, but she feels me stirring and as she awakens, she smiles at me and beckons me to kiss her. As I do I tell her that I have to go.  She smiles again at me and tells me that she understands.  I quickly find my clothes and then I realize that I need something to prove to Chuck that I won the bet.  I notice a Polaroid camera sitting on her dresser, and I smile at her and ask her to pose for me.  I quickly take the snapshot of her nude body.  She stands and kisses me, opening my blouse and starts to caress my breasts.  She takes the camera, sets it on the dresser, and as she kisses me again, I see the flash of the camera catching us, freezing this moment forever.  She moves away and gives me the pictures and kisses me for the last time as she shows me to the door.
	On the way home I reflect on the day.  I vow never to let the sexual animal inside of me stay caged, I just hope that Chuck will understand, after all, it is his fault that I have undergone this sexual awakening.  And since I won the bet, I hope that he can handle the plans that I have for him, and I don't plan on him doing household chores anymore.