Escapades With Salma Slut (Part I).

1-Adventures at the Bachelors night.  By Jeevan
jeevan80@hotmail.com

Hi readers I am glad to tell you that SALMA AND MY
SELF have established THE 'SLUT CLUB' for all the
SLUTS and THEIR MASTERS. For details contact me with
your details at jeevan80@hotmail.com.

My friend Harish was getting married on 10 Th. FEB
2000 and so we decided to celebrate bachelor's party
at his residence a day before, 9 Th Feb. He lives
alone in PUNE and has a nice big bungalow in Salisbury
Park and he is top executive in a private concern. So
the party was to start at 9 00Pm and he had invited
many of his friends and colleagues, no ladies for this
kind of party were invited. The married friends too
came alone This was an occasion I would never miss to
introduce my SALMA SLUT and get her sexual appetites
and mine sated. So I asked my friend Harish for his
consent to bring with me my SLUT on that day. He
gladly agreed for this.  After going home I contacted
my SALMA SLUT and told her of the party and also told
her to dress for the occasion. She asked me to come
over to her house and dress her and collect her for
the party.

So on that day I went to her house and selected a nice
Lemon Yellow colored Punjabi Dress for her to wear.
She wore it and my god she looked real sexy in that
bright coloured dress. And yes no BRA or PANTIES to be
worn. I asked her to put heavy make up and dark red
lipstick and told her that I wanted her to look like a
real slut, attracting all the males there. She gladly
did what I told. And as we were leaving I told her to
take her favorite 12-inch dildo just in case I needed
to use it on her. She took the dildo in her handbag
and we reached Harishe's house exactly at 900 p.m.
Harish welcomed her and could not remove his eyes from
Salma. He kept staring at her 38" Boobs and 36" ASS,
which were very prominent due to the tight dress she
was wearing. She had left her long brown hair free and
they made her look real foxy. She had put high heel
sandals and walked with a grace, moving her buttocks,
rolling them and making her boobs heave with her walk.
I coughed and Harish looked at me feeling ashamed of
him. I introduced him with Salma and told him that he
will come to know about her later as the party
progresses. There were about 20 friends, I knew some
and others were introduced by Harish. I won't go into
their names in detail here. The party started with
enthusiasm and every body seemed to be cheerful with
the presence of Salma there. Every body would talk to
her and tried to attract her attention. I was
observing this all from a couch sipping my third peg
of whisky. I saw Salma looking at each crotch to judge
the size of the cock inside. This is a habit of my
slut readers and she sees crotches more than a face on
man. Everybody was drinking and getting boozed up.
Salma was on her second peg of Gin and was freer than
before. The Indian party had begun taking shape.

It was now time for all of us to enjoy the party and
so I called Harish and told him to announce me, and
that I had a big surprise for all. So Harish called me
and announced the same. I stood and said, " Friends, I
have brought a surprise for you all on this occasion.
And I am going to introduce you to my lovely, loving,
sexy PERSONAL SLUT SLAVE SALMA! Please welcome her!"
every body was now looking at Salma and clapped for
her. I asked Salma to come to me in the center of the
hall. I took the yellow Ddupatta (thin cloth to be
worn on Punjabi Dress) and pulled it from her body.
"Look at these beautiful breasts of my Slut Salma.
Look how her nipples have become hard, you can see
them over this dress." With this I held her breasts
and showed them to all. I also pinched her nipples and
made them more prominent. Then I patted her ass and
told all to look at the slutty ass and think of
ramming into it. I then held the kamiz from below and
pulled it off her body, making her hard boobs free for
all, and threw it to the crowd. Somebody caught it and
sniffed it and passed it on for others to smell. I
pulled the draw cord of her salwar and unknotting it
pulled the silky fabric down the hips, exposing her
perfect round and solid 36" ass. Salma looked at me in
protest and shyness, but could not say a thing. As she
tried to cover her naked body, I shouted at her, "hey
SLUT Nakhare maat dikha! Ssali Mere dosto se sharmaati
hai! Randi kahi ki! Sali dekh mere dost kaise teri
Randi jaisee gand aur boobs ko ghoor ghoor kar dekh
rahe hai! Randy aapni gand aur choot dikha chal!"
(Don't make any pretence slut, u feel shame in front
of my friends! See how they are staring at ur ass and
boobs, show them your slut ass and boobs come on SLUT)
with this I slapped her on her tender cheeks and she
stumbled, trying to retain her balance. I made her
stand and told Salma Slut to behave herself and do as
I tell. Salma said that she was sorry and will obey me
and do anything I tell her. I wanted to abuse her Slut
body and so I decided to give nice slut show to the
audience. By this time many of the friends were in
different state of undressing in anticipation of the
things to come. Some had just taken their cocks out
and some had removed their pants showing their hard
cocks. There were cocks of all sizes and shapes and
now the SLUT Salma was looking for the biggest amongst
them. And she did see a few of them matching her
choice but she had to wait. I announced that I will be
giving this party a big show and tease my slut Salma
some more.

I took Salma's handbag and took out her favorite 12
inch DILDO and showed it to all. The folks were really
stunned at the hugeness of the fake cock. It was 12
inches alright and 2.5 inches wide, with huge cock
head and large veins running all around the surface. I
gave it to Salma and told it to suck on it. Now Salma
had opened up and she grabbed it and caressed the
dildo  as if she was handling real cock. She moaned
sluttishly, "OHH Jeevan! Muze Lund de do! Dekho sale
kitne lund hai! 20 lund! OOH I want al cocks to fuck
me! oHhh! Dalo chodo! Ye dildo meri choot me dalo!
Phado meri choot ko!" (I want cocks. 20 cocks are
here. I want them all. NOW fuck me with this dildo
FUFKFUCK). With this she took the cock in her mouth
and sucked on the huge cock head, moving her ass as if
she was fucking another cock. Her breasts jiggled and
the nipples were hard now. I went to her and held her
boobs, weighing them with my hands and told all to
feel the hardness and pull on the SLUT boobs with all
the strength they have. Salma spread her legs and
lowered her ass, pushing the huge dildo in her choot,
in front of all those men. She took m ore than half of
it and holding it with both her hands fucked it in and
out of her cunt. All were looking at this terrific
show and now all had removed the clothes and were
really nude, caressing their own cocks while watching.
" See friends how my Salma is fucking the 12"dildo!.
See her ass moving and boobs hardening watch my SALMA
SLUT." I had too undressed and went behind the slut
and spanked her on the ass. She moaned loudly and
fucked with more vigour. She had taken the entire
dildo inside now and was really fucking it. Suddenly
three of the men came forward and jacked off in front
of Salma showing her their cocks. They were about to
come and I asked Salma to take the come they were
offering my slut. So with the dildo still buried in
her pussy Salma took two cocks in her hand and asked
the third to rub it on her ass. No sooner did she did
this the three of them came depositing their come in
each of Salma's hand and on her ASS, shouting her name
'Take our come Salma, Jeevan's SLUT and our slut of
the day come on drink the first come of this party.'
Salma's hands were full of come and the Slut did not
waste a single drop and drank it all. I had to rub the
come all over the ass of Salma and in the crack too. A
few drops fell from my Sluts hand on the carpet so I
slapped her and asked her to lick it like a bitch on
all fours. She did it and while doing so I asked our
host Harish to devour the body of Salma SLUT any way
he liked. He removed the dildo from the cunt of Salma
slut and licked her pussy lying below her kneeling
body. I could see his mouth covered with huge cunt
juice of Salma. Oh one thing, my Salma Slut pours cunt
juice when she is really at the job and its great.
Harish lay down and pulled Salma over her. The Slut
sat right on his cock and took the entire 7 inch in
her cunt. She rode Harish pushing her ass hard on his
cock and rubbing her clitty on his pubic hair. All
looked in awe and gathered round my SLUT to watch
closely. I could see each buddy rubbing his cock
intently and now one got behind Salma and caressed her
ass cheeks. Another came to her mouth and pushed his
cock in the mouth of my Salma slut. She immediately
wrapped her RED lips around it and sucked on it. The
one at her ass spat on it and said, Jeevan I spit on
your SLUT Salma, she is a whore and a bitch. Her body
is to be abused. Such a fucking slut." He spat on her
ass more and then rolled his cock into the spit and
spread her ass cheeks. He then pushed his cock
mercilessly inside the tight shit hole of my slut.
Salma jerked her body at the intrusion and relaxing
her spinchter swallowed the cock in her ass hole.
Harish felt the cock in her ass too and fucked Salma
fast and hard from below. "COME on boys give the cock.
More cock. All the cock to this Salma SLUT of Jeevan.
I love cock cock big cock OH yes fuck my ass u
bastards mother fucking studs fuck fuck!" my Salma was
in full of her SLUT form and I could tell you this was
just the beginning. Now the cock in Salma's mouth
exploded giving her huge globs of comes right into the
oral cavity. The Slut could not swallow it all and
some tickled down from sides of her mouth. I went and
smeared it on her face, making it shiny with the come.
Salma jerked her body more taking the two cocks more
in her pussy and ass. "OOH Bastards give me the come
in my pussy and ass you mother fuckers fuck and
commeee! COME Oh yes fuck me!" now Harish and the stud
in Salma's ass both came and deposited the come deep
inside the two holes. Salma's body spasmed and she too
came with the heavenly sensation of hot come spraying
her both the holes.  My Salma SLUT made 6 cocks come
within 20 minutes! Now remaining friends too wanted to
fuck my SLUT SALMA. Now I wanted Salma to be crushed
below heap of the men. I selected five of them and
asked one with big cock to lie on his back. I asked
Salma to mount him and take his cock right in her ass,
facing opposite to him. Salma immediately sat on his
cock with her back to him, and took that big 8 incher
in her ass in one single stroke. I then asked her to
lie back on the friend below and invited the second
cock to fuck her cunt. This position was wonderful and
now Salma's mouth and boobs were very easily
accessible. I invited third one to fuck her mouth and
I asked another two to stand on either side of my
Salma SLUT. Salma took the cocks in both her hands as
if on instinct and immediately started to jack them
off. I asked the sixth friend to rub his cock on her
breasts and to breast fuck her. He could not hold her
boobs together while boob-fucking her, so I went to
his help and squeezed my slut's boobs around his cock.
OOOGGhhh My Salma SLUT was devouring six cocks
together! What a sight! Now the team of this six had
no time, each was absorbed in his own fucking motion
and my slut was moving her body on the two cocks in
her ass and pussy and jacking off a pair of cocks and
at the same time sucking off yet another. Others were
very much excited with the show of my slut Salma and
some were rubbing their cocks on her thighs, toes
hair, and even the ear lobes. THE SLUT WAS REALLY
ENJOYING ALL THE COCKS ATTENTION. I said, "come on
cocks fuck her, fuck my Salma Slut fuck her all holes,
fuck her body anywhere you like fiuuuccllllclcllc.
Spit on my slut, abuse her body. See the whore slut
fucking six cocks. The dirty slut. Fucking cocks.
Oohhh come on boys fuck her as if she is your wife,
yes she is the wife of all of us friends enjoy her all
the holes. MY LOVING SALMA SLUT, HEY I LOVE THIS SLUT
OF MINE! FUCK HER!" all were so exited that they
started to come. The cocks in Salma's hands exploded
spraying come all over her face and sides of her
chest. The cock fucking her boobs came, depositing his
come on the hard round boobs and looked like some
icing on the cake. The cock in her mouth too deposited
come and she spat it on her boobs, not drinking it.
The men rubbing the cock on her thighs, hair and toes
too came bathing the part of her body on which they
rubbed their cocks. He two cocks in her ass and cunt
too came and I could see my SLUT Salma come with all
the cocks exploding near her.

Everybody disengaged and only Salma was lying on the
carpet. Her body was covered with come all over .
There were thick globs of come in her long brown hair
and some of it had entered her ear too. Her face and
nose were too had huge globs of the sperm and it had
started thinning and flowing down. Her ass hole still
looked expanded and come was dribbling out of the
abused shit hole. Her pussy was overflowing with the
come deposited by Harish and other cock and her pussy
lips were swollen with all the rubbing they had. Here
was my come covered Salma SLUT lying on the carpet
totally abused.

There were still six cocks that had not come. So I
jerked Salma up and made her bend with one cock near
her mouth and one up her come filled cunt. The slut
fucked like she had no cock for days and showed the
cocks all the skill she had and soon they came in her
mouth and pussy. Next two cocks she took in her mouth
and ass in the same position, and similarly she
finished the six cocks in 30 minutes. The slut had
taken 20 loads of come on her body and in her every
hole. I had massaged all the come on her body and now
it was dry. Her body had coating of dried come on the
skin and she looked like a real slut. Harish had an
idea and told everybody to jerk off in a glass,
looking and touching the abused body of my Salma Slut.
So I took a glass and watched all of the cocks jacking
off over my slut's body. I caught all the come each
cock had emitted in the glass. Finally I had collected
more than half of the glass full of come. Harish
poured some whisky in a big jar and emptied the glass
in it and mixed it thoroughly adding some ice cubes in
the mixture. He asked everybody to drink this as
Prashad (Offering to God) for the goddess of LOVE, my
SLUT SALMA. I was proud of this and proud of my loving
SALMA SLUT. And we all drank it. Readers, this is very
intoxicating drink and believe me it has twice the
effect of ordinary whisky. This is the   "cocktail" in
the real sense of it. So try it all.  After this I
told Harish that we had just fucked my SLUT and came
in and on her body but had not abused her body and I
wanted all his friends to abuse my SLUT SALMA. So I
made my SLUT lie on the floor, removing the carpet
away. Then I asked each one of my friends to piss on
my shameless SLUT. And I told my SLUT that she should
lie quietly and spread the piss all over the body. I
then proceeded to put my cock in the mouth of my SLUT
and asked her to suck me off since I had to come
badly. She started sucking off my cock and everybody
came and pissed on the body of my Salma Slut. It was
ssooo exciting to watch her body abused and used as a
toilet. I came in Salma's mouth and then started to
piss. She swallowed my piss as much as she could and
then it started to tickle from her mouth and onto the
floor. Now her entire body was covered with piss and
she smelled like a urinal. Oohh it was so exciting!
Salma suddenly got up holding her pussy lips apart and
urged me to allow her to piss urgently. She was
squirming badly and her beautiful face looked
strained. I wanted her to suffer and show my friends
that she was MY SALMA SLUT. So I told her not to piss
and asked her to rub her pussy for all. She started to
rub her pussy still very much tense. Salma begged to
me, "OHH Jeevan! Please allow your slut to piss! My
bladder is bursting with the pressure. PLEASE Ohhh My
MASTER! I will do anything! I will eat your ass! I
will eat everybody's ass! Oh Please!
JJJJeeeevvvaaaannn!pleasseeeee! oohh Gooodddddd
pleassee!" I waited and watched. Everybody looked
tense and with pity at my Slave Salma. Harish
requested me to allow her to piss but I refused. I
wanted her to suffer before all these people. I
slapped her and told her to keep still and wait for my
command. She shook her ass in frustration and moved
her head from one side to another, leaving shrill
cries from her slut mouth. I kicked her on her ass and
she lost her balance, but managed to gain it again and
stand. She then started to jump in frustration,
showing us her boobs moving up and down. I went near
her and spreading her legs put my cock in her cunt in
standing position. I felt her pussy tight with all the
sensation of piss in her mind. I fucked her pussy and
she could hold it no longer and cried for mercy. I
could see tears rolling from her beautiful eyes. " SEE
friends how my slut Salma obeys me! Her bladder is
full of piss and she is fucking my cock. Come on
anybody! Fuck her in the ass! Come Harish its your
right today on this party day.Fuck her and lets make
her suffer." Harish hurriedly got behind her and
pushed his nice sized cock in her ass. Salma cried
loudly and begged me more and more. The two cocks in
her pussy and ass really pressed hard against the
fully distended bladder inside her body and she
suffered more but not a single drop of piss escaped
out of her body. Harish now fucked her ass hard and I
her pussy. "OH Jeevan! Fuck your SLUT SALMA! Fuck her
while she is suffering to piss! Come on Harish fuck my
ass! Fuck the bladder inside! Oh  I Am suffering like
HELLL! FUCK FUCK OOOhhhh God! I am conmingggggg !"
with this the SLUT came and her body went limp. I had
to hold her from falling. I could feel all her muscles
relax and shouted at her " come on bitch! Piss now!
Piss on my cock while its in your SLUT PUSSY. PISS!"
Oh it was as if the dam had bursted, and Salma pissed
with thick hot piss coming out in stream from her piss
hole. It hit my cock and tickled it. She cried, "Ohhh!
Thanks Jeevan! It feels so nice after a long suffering
to piss freely. OH my I am coming with the sensation
ohh ccoomingg!" and she really came hard and made both
of us come squeezing our cocks in the spasms I never
before felt. Harish came with me and we flooded her
pussy and ass as every body in there looked in awe.

When I came to my senses I could see all that piss on
the floor and laughed loudly like a mad. Oh my SLUT
had created mess for Harish to clean up. We stayed
there all night and fucked and sucked more.

So readers want to join our SLUT CLUB? Anybody want to
know more about my SLUT? Write to me. Will give all
the info about it. Write to me. Send you
feedback/suggestions to Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>
 
Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex!