Dirty Girls
By s19000
Chapter 2

Allison stood in front of the mirror in the hotel 
room, looking at her figure in her blue bikini. I'm so 
skinny. I love it. Don't you?"

Her friend Sara stepped up beside her. She was wearing 
a bikini too, but purple. "Yeah. Look, you can see 
your hipbones."

"I know," said Allison. "I like it when men look at 
me. I know they want to fuck me and it excites them 
because they think I'm so young."

"We are young, stupid. Fourteen is young."

"Yeah, but they see how thin I am and how I almost 
look like a boy, and they think I'm about twelve. 
Isn't that hot? Men want to fuck me because they think 
I'm twelve."

"You like men looking at your little girl body, don't 
you?" Sara unhooked the top of Allison's bikini and 
slowly slipped it off, exposing Allison's flat chest 
and her nipples. "Does this make you hot?"

"Oh, yes," said Allison. I like to look."

"You like to look and play," said Sara. "Play with 
them."

Allison reached up and fingered both her nipples at 
the same time.

"Harder. Do it harder."

Allison pinched, watching herself squirm. When she let 
go, her nipples stood out from her chest.

"You like it, don't you?"

"God yes. I like being a little flat-chested girl who 
plays with herself. I hope I never grow tits."

"You're excited right now, aren't you? Just from 
looking at yourself in the mirror?"

"Yes. It feels good."

"I want to see the rest of you." Sara knelt behind 
Allison. She looked around Allison's hip so she could 
see them both in the mirror and slowly slid Allison's 
bikini bottom down. "Look at your shaved pussy," said 
Sara. "That really makes you look like you're twelve." 
Sara let go of the bikini, and it fell to the floor. 
She reached between Allison's legs and placed her hand 
on Allison's pussy. "Watch yourself while I play with 
you."

"Oh, yes, rub it," said Allison. "I need it."

Sara slid her hand up and down Allison's pussy, and 
her middle finger pressed into Allison. "What do you 
need?"

"I need to cum. I always need to cum. Do me."

"You're a dirty girl, aren't you? Most girls don't 
want to cum all the time."

"I do. Tell me I'm dirty. You know I love it when you 
tell me."

"You want me to tell you what a dirty girl you are?"

"Oh, yes, and make me cum while you do it." Allison 
watched the reflection of Sara's hand on her pussy.

Sara continued to finger Allison. "Allison's a 
fourteen-year old slut. She just came on the beach, 
and she already wants to cum again. Only sluts act 
like that. Look at this." Sara spread the lips of 
Allison's pussy with her hand. "Look at it. Do you see 
this between your legs?"

"Yes, oh yes."

"You shaved it. Tell me why, Allison the slut." Sara 
pushed a finger inside Allison.

"Aaah. Because I look younger without hair on my 
pussy."

"Why would you want to look younger?"

"Because I always want to play with it, and it's 
dirtier when it's bare."

"How would you know it's dirtier? Do you watch 
yourself when you do it?"

"Oh, yes! I love to watch myself doing it. I watch 
myself all the time."

"Do you imagine other people watching you?"

"God, yes! I imagine men sitting around the room 
watching me do it."

"Is that why you shave your pussy, for the men?"

"Yes, I want them to watch me and think that I'm a 
twelve-year old girl who plays with herself all the 
time, even when people are watching. That makes me so 
hot."

"Play with yourself now. Make yourself cum while I 
watch." Sara moved her hand away from Allison's pussy 
and wrapped her arm around Allison's thigh. She rested 
her cheek against Allison's hip and watched Allison's 
hand slide down her stomach and between her legs.

Allison's fingers began to move. "I'm doing it. See? 
I'm playing with myself for you."

"Why? Why are you rubbing your pussy while I watch?"

Allison's fingers moved faster. "Because I like it 
when you watch me."

"You like it?"

"Oh, yes, and I need it. I need to cum. I'm cumming 
right now. I'm cumming for you. I love it!" Allison 
squeezed her pussy with her hand as she came, then she 
turned and pressed her pussy into Sara's face. "That 
was so good."

Sara wrapped her arms around Allison's slender hips 
and began giving Allison's pussy open mouthed kisses. 
She worked Allison's pussy with her tongue, pressing 
it inside and licking. She she rubbed her face all 
over Allison's crotch.

Allison pressed Sara's face against her. "You're going 
to make me cum again! Oh, do it!" Allison came on 
Sara's face, and they collapsed together on the floor.

Allison lay on the floor with her legs apart. "Oh god, 
that was so great."

Sara kissed and licked at the insides of Allison's 
thighs. "You're so hot. I love the way you have no 
tits and no hips, just like a little girl. The whole 
time we were at the beach I just wanted to put my 
hands between your legs." She slid up and licked 
Allison's mouth. "It's not just that I love looking at 
you and touching you. It's your imagination. When you 
were talking about how you would hump that guy, I 
couldn't stand it. I wish I could just make you cum, 
all the time, every day."

 
 
 
 
