A Match Made in Torchwood

Within the next week, Ianto successfully completed Jack’s preliminary weapons training. The Smith & Wesson M&P40 suited Jack, and he could hit the target ten times out of ten, even if it was not a killing shot. It was good enough, Ianto decided, for him to add field agent to Jack’s official duties.

The Rift Alarm sounded. Ianto, as ever, bounded down the stairs from his office to Gwen’s workstation.

“Looks like Weevils. Gwen, Jack, you’re with me.”

The SUV sped through the streets of Cardiff, heading for Bute Park. Ianto abandoned it on the pavement beside the park’s gates.

Entering the park, cautiously, Ianto checked the Weevils’ co-ordinates with Owen. Too late, he realised one was heading straight for them. It lashed out, catching Gwen. She went down heavily, blood pouring from her wounds. Ianto dropped to his knees at Gwen’s side. Jack fired two shots, stopping the Weevil in its tracks, before joining Ianto.

“How can I help, sir?” Jack enquired.

“Bag and tag the Weevil, then help me get Gwen into the SUV.” Ianto paused. “You’ll need to drive.”

Thirty minutes later, Ianto laid Gwen on the autopsy table, stepping back to allow Tosh to do her job.

Tosh pulled back the field dressing to examine Gwen’s wounds. Three deep gashes scoured across her abdomen. The gashed had been thoroughly cleaned by Ianto, before he had dressed them. Tosh nodded approvingly.

“You probably saved her live. Thank you Ianto.”

“Just finish the job, Tosh,” Ianto replied softly, squeezing the doctor’s shoulder before returning to his office.

As Ianto returned to his office, he noticed Jack, leaning on the rail, watching Tosh work.

“My office, Jack,” Ianto stated in passing.

Sitting behind his desk Ianto cast a critical eye over Jack as he entered. The man was shaken but, otherwise, uninjured.

“Gwen’s out of commission at the moment. Can you have a report on the incident on my desk within the hour.”

“Yes, sir,” Jack turned to leave.

“Oh, and Jack,” Ianto called after him. Jack turned back to Ianto. “You did well today, but if you keep calling me sir I’m going to throw you in the vaults!”

“Sorry, s..., Ianto.” Both men smiled. Electricity shot through them, before Jack hastily returned to his desk.

Paperwork filled Ianto’s next hour, before he decided to check on Gwen. He approached the autopsy bay, slowing when he heard murmured voices. Glancing down, he saw that Gwen was sitting up now. Smiling, he left.

Gwen was sitting on the autopsy table, freshly stitched and looking pale. Tosh stood between Gwen’s legs, her hands on Gwen’s waist. Their foreheads touched.

“I thought I’d lost you,” Tosh murmured softly. Gwen pulled her closer, trying not to flinch or burst her stitches.

“I thought you’d lost me, too.”

“Ianto saved you. I just patched you up.”

“I’d better go and thank him then.”

Tosh prevented Gwen from standing. Lust darkened eyes met. Leaning down, Tosh placed a chaste kiss on Gwen’s lips.

“Not yet,” she kissed again. “You’re still my patient.”

Gwen smiled against Tosh’s lips. They broke for air, Tosh leaning her forehead against Gwen’s.

“I hope you don’t treat all you patients like this, Dr. Sato.” Gwen pulled Tosh into a searing kiss.

“I don’t know what I’d do without you, Gwen,” Tosh hesitated, before continuing. “When Ianto brought you here, I thought... I really thought I was going to lose you. And... and... Gwen, will you marry me?”

Gwen looked stunned. Had Tosh really just asked her to marry her? Recovering from her initial shock, Gwen’s face broke into a broad smile.

“Yes. Of course I’ll marry you.” They hugged as tightly as Gwen’s injuries would allow. She eased herself off the table, smiling. “We’d better go and tell Ianto.”

Ianto was completing his paperwork. He seemed to have a never-ending supply of it! Jack’s report had been filed on time, and Ianto had just signed it off when there was a knock on his office door. He looked up, smiling when he saw Gwen was back on her feet.

“Tosh, Gwen, what can I do for you?” Ianto did not fail to notice the look that passed between them. “Come on. It can’t be that bad, can it?”

“We’re getting married,” Gwen blurted out.

Ianto looked from Gwen to Tosh and back again, before rising to his feet. He hugged both ladies, kissing them both on the cheek, before taking a step back.

He smiled, leaning back on his desk. “About time too!”