TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c MAY 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, 
AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE 
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE 
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR 
BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE 
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

AUTHOR'S NOTE:  To my readers, consider this story an 
appetizer to the wedding story I'm writing for release in 
late June 1999.  Thanks for the many comments which lead to 
this story and the wedding story.

STORY TITLE: The Second Reception
Author: C.D.E.

CAST:
Husband-Benny
Wife-Betty
Husband's Aunt-Betsy
Husband's Mother-Barbara

	My wife, Betty, and I will celebrate our fourteenth 
anniversary next month.
	I think about our wedding quite often, and wonder if I 
was as lucky as my family and friends said I was then, and 
now also for that matter.  My family and others tell me how 
wonderful the relationship is that Betty and I have.  We 
have 5 wholesome kids, two daughters and three sons.  Also 
she is currently pregnant.
	True to her plan, my wife she has had a baby almost 
every two years, since our first, which was born within our 
first year of marriage.  
	I wanted her to stop at four kids but she was 
persistent and so now we have the five I mentioned, with 
the sixth in the oven.
	Yes, I'll be the first to admit that, like any couple, 
we've had our rough spots here and there, but I guess 
they're overall minor and over the years we have arrived at 
a stable marriage, putting up with each other's 
idiosyncrasies.  We do love each other very much.
	One of the things I joke with her about is the kids. 
That is, that none of them look anything like me.
	"Well darling, maybe the next one will" is her usual 
answer.
	I was a virgin when we got married.  Betty lead me to 
believe she was technically a virgin also, but more about 
that later.
	We dated steady for three months and were engaged for 
a year after that.
	My Aunt Betsy lived about two hours drive away from my 
home town.  She introduced me to Betty when I stayed with 
her during a summer break, at the end of my junior year at 
the university.
	Betty was one of the prettiest girls I'd ever laid 
eyes on.  She was brunette, well proportioned and well 
endowed with her size 38 bustline.  Her hips had a very 
seductive and rhythmic sway as she walked.  To say she was 
a knockout was an understatement.  Her legs were quite 
shapely, like those of a model.
	Betty seem to take a keen interest in me at our first 
meeting.  I was totally surprised.	 I'd never had any luck 
with girls and especially knock outs like Betty.  Before I 
knew it, Betty and I agreed to our first date.
	"Well Benny, you did real well for someone who your 
mom says has trouble with the girls."  My aunt said as 
Betty drove away from my aunt's front door.
	"Well Aunt Betsy, I'm as surprised as you are.  You 
didn't set this up did you?  Why would any girl that 
beautiful want to even meet me, let along go out with me?  
She's awesome."
	"Well Benny, for one thing she's told me that she 
knows she can't seem to find men that see her for more than 
a sex object.  So when I told her you were going to be 
staying here for the summer, it was her idea to come by.  I 
of course played up your intellectual side.  You two seem 
to hit it off well."
	My aunt was a widow, so I was pretty busy helping her 
do things around the house for the short time I was in the 
small town where she lived.  When I wasn't doing chores for 
her, Betty and I would go on dates.  It was funny but Betty 
would prefer we go over to a neighboring city 40 miles 
away.  Her logic was that there wasn't much to do in her 
home town.  I had to agree, even though there was two movie 
theatres and several pizza parlors.
Whenever she and I were seen together locally in her home 
town, heads would turn and it seemed people were taking an 
unusual interest in us.  However, I dismissed this as 
"small townism" and never thought more about it anymore 
until after the wedding.

WEDDING PLANS

	Betty and I continued to keep in contact while I was 
back in college and occasionally visited me on campus.  All 
my buddies were more than envious of me for have such a 
beautiful babe.  Every opportunity I got I visited her.  
Soon we were engaged and set the wedding for about a year 
later.  This would give me time to graduate and get started 
on a job and get some cash in the bank in preparation for 
being married.
	She wanted a June wedding, so we set the date 
accordingly.
	Mother, Aunt Betsy, Betty, and Betty's Mom laid out 
the wedding plans.
	During the practice rehearsal, there was some mention 
of testimonials at a second reception.  When I asked about 
this second reception, I was told it was a surprise and 
that I shouldn't bring it up again.  I didn't.  I just 
concentrated on having the gorgeous Betty becoming my wife 
and being able to exercise my conjugal rights as her 
husband.
	You see, Betty never let me have regular sex with her 
doing the entire time of our pre-marriage relationship. 
	She claimed she took her own virginity when she was 
young. She said she never had a man's penis in her so she 
technically a virgin too, just without a hymen.
	I accepted that.
 She coerced out of me that I was also a virgin, which 
she later let me know that she knew from talking to my Aunt 
Betsy.
She wanted us both to come to our wedding bed virgins.
	Prior to about six months before the wedding all she 
would let me do was kiss and do heavy petting.  In the six 
months before the wedding she jerked me off and let me lick 
and suck her luscious cunt.
	Another thing that Betty surfaced that boosted my ego 
was her wanting a prenuptial agreement.  This threw me for 
a loop until she explained her reason for desiring it.
	"Benny, you mean so much to me.  I'm so afraid you'll 
tire of me or fall out of love with me once you know the 
real me.  That's why I want you to not only say you love me 
but to contractually commit your self to me."
	I was flattered by such a gorgeous woman wanting me so 
badly that she wanted me to commit to her in writing.  I 
was overwhelmed by her request. 
	"Betty darling, you make me feel so wonderful.  I'll 
gladly commit to you with a contract to love and cherish."  
I replied.
	"Oh Benny honey, thank you so much.  I already went to 
see a lawyer on drafting it up.  Here's a draft copy.  If 
you are okay with it, we can go over and sign it together 
this afternoon."  She said so sweetly and a slight bit of 
urgency.
	I was thrilled as I read the legalistic document and 
impressed that she'd gone so far as to ensure that I really 
loved her.  I was not use to being the one worried about 
that.  This all made my head swell with flattery and 
esteem.
The prenuptial agreement basically only asked that I: 
1) promise to love my wife; 2)respect her; 3) wait at least 
ten years before asking for or considering a divorce; 
4)consummate the marriage sexually to my wife's 
satisfaction; 5) and accept all children born into the 
marriage as legally my own, without question.
	I was so thrilled at her desiring such assurance of my 
love for her.  I quickly agreed to sign the document of 
love.
	
GETTING READY FOR THE WEDDING

	"Yes Benny, your virginity is a precious and we have 
come up with a way of signifying it in the ceremony."  My 
mother told me as she looked at the selection of tuxes.
	"What!"  I cried out.  I let my mother know that the 
meaning of the white on the Bride's dress was to signify 
that for the woman and that there was no need for me to 
reflect it for me.  "In fact it's almost an insult for a 
man to even admit that he's a virgin, let alone advertise 
the way you're talking about."  I blurted out angrily.
	"Betty's mom, your aunt and I think it's an excellent 
idea, so you don't have any say so.  You will be proud of 
being a virgin and that's final. There'll be no further 
discussion."  Mother said as she signed the order for the 
white lace covered tux, which covered both the white jacket 
and trousers.  It looked too feminine even for Liberache, 
for those of you who remember the famous flamboyant 
pianist.  I was fuming, but shut my mouth, knowing my 
mother would not tolerate much more of an outburst from me.  
Also my Dad, signaled for me to be quiet.  I'm sure he 
figured that mom would probably punish me if I continued to 
debate the issue, especially after hearing her say the "F" 
word, that is for "final".
	"Oh ma'am!  I almost forgot this.  The special item 
you ordered."  The sales clerk shouted at mother as we 
three turned to walk away.
	Mother walked back to speak to her.  The lady opened a 
box and held up something that was a very bright pink, 
almost a fluorescent pink.  It was such  a loud color.  I 
only caught a brief glimpse of the "accessory", from the 
distance where I was standing.
	"Thank you, we certainly mustn't forget this."  Mother 
said with a big smile after putting the small pink box in 
her shopping bag.
	On the way home, I forgot about the item, since I was 
still fuming about the tux.  Later it was to come back and 
haunt me almost as much as the wedding has all these years.
	At home, when we had a chance to talk later, mother 
hugged me and let me know that I may be upset but that she 
wanted everyone to know that I was pure.  Betty was very 
desirous of her doing so. 
	I was surprised upon hearing this and contacted Betty.
	"Yes darling, I told your mom it'd make me so very 
happy to have you wear that lacy tux symbolizing your 
virginity."
	I again stressed that she could help matters by not 
letting me stay a virgin, but again for the countless time, 
she stressed she wanted us both coming to our wedding bed  
virgins.

THE WEDDING
	The wedding went pretty flawless as well as the 
reception.  After the reception, I was anxious for Betty 
and I to be by ourselves so I could better enjoy my new 
bride.  But as we were driving away in the limo and I 
sought to be more amorous with my new wife, she kissed me 
somewhat coolly and told me to control myself.  She let me 
know that a few of her friends were having a special 
reception for us and that she wanted to look presentable 
for them.  She gave me light consoling kisses so as not to 
muss her makeup.
	"I can tell you're anxious to make love to me darling 
and I to you, but this second reception is going to be 
important to our marriage as well as proof of your love for 
me."  She spoke in a strange manner that was a blend of 
being half serious and with a wistful expression I'd never 
seen in her before.

THE SECOND RECEPTION.

	The second reception was some 15 miles away at a 
secluded retreat that was owned by the town for convention 
purposes.  Betty let me know that one of her girlfriends 
who worked for the city was able to get it for a very 
minimal charge.
	This place was definitely out in the boonies. There 
were about two dozen cars on the lot when we drove up. 
However, the interior was very decorative and exhibited a 
typical convention style structure.  
Mother, Aunt Betsy, and Betty's Mom joined us and we 
began the formal march into the reception area, which could 
easily accommodate 400 people. 
As we entered the room, the crowd of about 30 burst 
out with a chorus of "For She's A Jolly Good Gal" as we 
walked through a planned opening in the crowd toward a 
predetermined location in the room.
	I smiled as I walked and thought it rather odd that 
such a song would be sung for newlyweds.  Then as I focused 
more on the crowd, I also noticed there were far more men 
than women.
	I was mystified.  In addition, as I was sizing up the 
crowd, several of the people we walked pass, hugged and 
kissed my new bride.  The women pecked her on the cheek and 
embraced her.  I had to do a double take as several of the 
men touched her low cut bodice, rubbed her shapely rear in 
the revealing wedding dress she was still wearing.  It was 
also obvious that Betty was eagerly returning their sloppy, 
lingering, tongue in mouth kisses, as she passed from one 
man to the next.
	To say I was shocked was an understatement, especially 
since she didn't let me do her that way in the car coming 
over.
	One big handsome black guy, who looked to be over 6 
feet and a hulk of pure muscle, wrapped his arms around 
her, almost picking her up and gave her a very passionate 
kiss.  My bride returned the passion of the embrace as they 
hugged each other tightly as if they were the newlyweds.
	As I started to interrupt what I perceived as crossing 
the line of decency, mother held one of my arms and Aunt 
Betsy the other.  I was so surprised at their strong grips.  
I thought they were stronger than me, but the way they held 
on to me, there was no doubt.
	"it's okay dear, it's just some of her old friends 
greeting her and wishing her the best."  Aunt Betsy 
whispered.  I looked at her and at mother with a bewildered 
look.  There was a low roar of snickering and giggles from 
the crowd.
	It took us five minutes to walk 50 feet, with most of 
that time being devoted to repeated acts of passionate 
kissing and well wishing embraces, mostly by men on the 
edges of the crowd.  That was the longest five minutes of 
my life.
	I was beet red in the face and so was Betty, albeit 
for totally different reasons.  In addition, the many 
touches and feels on her bodice was apparent from the 
reddened images of handprints on the part of her breasts 
that were exposed.
	I was livid and almost too shocked to say anything.  
I'm sure my bewilderment and public humiliation was obvious 
to the smiling smirking snickering crowd.
	Mother and Aunt Betsy were holding me tightly as they 
gripped my shoulders and literally held me motionless.  I 
tried to find out what was going on, but was told 
repeatedly to be quiet.  I spotted my father in the crowd, 
and he too signaled me to be quiet.
	We finally made it to our table.
	A chum girlfriend of Betty's stepped out of somewhere 
up to the nearby mike.
	"To the newlyweds, our best wishes.  We are gathered 
at this special private reception so that many of Betty's 
closet and intimate acquaintances can wish her well and 
also congratulate her new husband on the catch he's made.  
We will have testimonials from a host of people in the 
audience.  We asked that they be no more than a few minute 
each.  Thank you."
	A line formed around the wall toward the mike.  There 
must've been about  twenty people in the line to give 
testimonials.
	I'd never heard of such a thing at a wedding 
reception, so I didn't know what to expect.  What came out 
of their mouths was like a series of bomb blasts, each 
hitting ground zero.

TESTMONIALS 

	I don't remember exactly what the first man said, but 
the theme was repeated over and over again for almost a 
straight half hour as each person in the crowd took their 
turn at the mike to offer their testimonial.  There were a 
few women, the others mostly men.  What follows is just a 
sample of what I remembered when I wasn't feeling faint.
	One man:	"Yeah, my dick was so hard it felt like it 
was going to break.  That night when I couldn't find nobody 
to give me some, I finally called Betty and once more she 
came through.  She told me to come on over and that it 
might be a short wait, but she was sure she could work me 
in.  When I got there I was number six in line, but as 
usual it was worth the wait.  Even though tired after 
having helped out 13 fellows before me, she gave me a great 
fuck and got all the cum out of my dick.  Benny, you've got 
a great gal there.  She's a great piece of ass, I can tell 
you that."
	Another man testified.
	"I had just come back from being on the road for two 
weeks and had a throbbing boner.  I meant it needed some 
serious fucking to cool it off.  I though about seeing one 
of the whores at the truck stop, but then I remembered 
Betty, who was always free and whose hobby was making hard 
dicks soft.  Whether by sucking or fucking, she's a mighty 
fine lay you lucky fellow.  The man said looking directly 
at me as I stood still not believing what was going on.
	Another testimonial.
	"She always parted her legs for me and always got me 
off real good too.  I could always count on soaking my dick 
in her juicy snatch until I was satisfied.  You truly are a 
lucky stiff Benny."
	And another man: "One of the best sluts I ever been 
with.  She's got one juicy hot good pussy."
	A woman came forward next: "Betty I think back to that 
homecoming game when you and I let both football teams pull 
a train on us.  I'll never forget how we worked until we 
got every one of the dicks soft." The woman was apparently  
a slut chum of my new wife.
	And then another black man: "Betty, we're really gonna 
miss you down at the pool hall, where you'd just dropped by 
and would give us some ass or blowjobs, just for the 
asking."
	As the testimonials were in process, I had at least at 
two stiff drinks.  While not accustomed to hard whiskey, 
these were rather welcomed. 
	Mother and aunt were by my side and making sure I 
stayed in place.  My new bride, all aglow in her ornate 
lacey white wedding gown, sat across from me.  She reveled 
in the testimonials she was receiving and occasionally 
glanced in my direction, especially as each man, who'd 
previously given his testimony came by where we five
- mother, dad, Aunt Betsy, Betty and I - were sitting.  The 
various men  each gave her some of the juiciest French 
kisses I'd ever seen.  Kisses far more passionate than she 
and I had ever done together.
	To add total insult to injury, she sometimes winked at 
me while she and the men exchanged their sloppy kisses.
	No matter what excuse I came up with or how much I 
squirmed, my aunt and mother wouldn't lessen their grips on 
my poor shoulders or let me depart.  I sat their stewing in 
my own perspiration and shame.  The burning of the many 
pairs of eyes on me didn't help matters in the least.  
Helpless, I resigned myself to be a prisoner of my 
predicament.  
My mind was totally distraught.  Surely my family 
couldn't expect me to stay married to Betty now.  My father 
sat quietly, with a fake smile on his face, but doing 
nothing to aid me.  In fact, he repeatedly whispered for me 
to "Settle down son.  It'll all work out".
Finally the testimonials were over.  I was hoping to 
leave as soon as possible.  Surely, there was nothing else 
to be done.  I was in no mood to mingle with these well 
wishers, not even with my new "technically a virgin" bride.  
`What a fool I've been'  I mentally sighed to myself 
as I sat there.  I also wondered what was the next step for 
me, especially since I truly loved Betty.  She was the 
dream girl I was ready to die for.  Now, our dream life was 
starting off as the worst nightmare of my life.
Just then, another drink was placed in front of me by 
Mr. Haskle of the local pharmacy near my aunt's house.  He 
whispered something to my aunt as he did so. He then got 
around to me.  I wish he hadn't.
"Congratulations Benny.  It's a time to enjoy 
yourself.  Drink up and be merry, after all you do have a 
beautiful new bride."
I just glared at him angrily as I looked at his 
smirking smiling face.  He finally left our table, but not 
before reaching over to squeeze my new bride's boobs.  She 
only smiled as if she appreciated it.  After that, I gulped 
down the drink he'd brought.
I at least got mom and Aunt Betsy to give me enough 
freedom to sip on the new drink in front of me.  This 
orange punch had a good taste and I drank it all.  Moments 
later I was surprised at relaxed and mellow I was feeling.  
I felt like closing my eyes, which I did for a moment as I 
experienced a strange funky buzz, which apparently the 
orange punch gave me.
I felt a kiss on my lips.  It was my new bride.
"Darling, isn't this wonderful for all my old friends 
to congratulate me like this?  I hope you're enjoying this 
as much as I."  Even though less uptight than before, I 
still looked at her angrily, but said nothing.
"I know, you have a lot of questions, but everything 
in due time."  She said as she pecked me on the cheek again 
with what I perceived as a wicked smile on her face.  She 
then moved back around to her seat opposite me at the round 
table.
I had to close my eyes again, they were just too 
heavy.
"That's it baby, just relax."  I heard mom say as I 
lowered my eyelids.  My eyes felt so much better closed.
When I opened them a few minutes later, I glanced 
around and saw that most of the men were not nearby.
`Thank goodness' I mentally expressed to myself.
I noticed by the clock on the wall I'd been dozing for 
about twenty minutes, which both my father and mother 
confirmed, when I asked.
Just then the mistress of ceremony finally came back 
to the mike.  I prayed she was going to close the ceremony 
so we could get out of there.
"Continuing with our salute to the newlyweds and to 
help them off to a good start on their lives together, it's 
now time for the bride, our sweet lovable Betty, to once 
again let her friends salute her in their favorite way.  
Y'all come on out!"  She shouted.
What I saw next, I couldn't believe and thought I was 
surely drunk.
There were at least a dozen men, all essentially 
naked, except for the three who wore T shirts, pushing a  
bed out toward the head table where we sat.
When the group of men arrived closer, I then noticed 
they all had one thing in common.  They were all sporting 
the largest erections I'd ever seen.  No man in the group 
had less than eight inches of stiff jutting dick meat that 
truly was in a salute posture.  The bobbing wave of  
mammoth bloated shiny cockheads apparently excited my new 
wife as much as it horrified me.  For she soon greeted them 
and eagerly received their groping and assistance in 
removing her wedding gown.  I was terrified at the prospect 
of what I thought was about to happen.
By the time she had gotten down to her undergarments- 
basically her white teddy, bikini crotchless panties, 
garter belt and white sheen wedding stockings - the woman 
at the mike asked for the group's attention.
"Now that the fellows have shown what they intend to 
salute the bride with, I think it's only fair for the new 
groom to do the same.  Are you ready Benny?  That is to 
show us what you have in store for your new bride.  Come on 
up and show us your virgin prick!"
The laughter was a loud roar as an even greater horror 
gripped me.  At the same time, I felt my aunt and mother 
helping me to stand up, all the while saying "It's time for 
you to show the men what you have for your new wife 
sweetie.  Don't be afraid.  Let them know you give good 
head also.  Remember it's love that counts."
I felt rather strange also.  While able to stand up, I 
had no reaction as I felt my aunt removing the cummerbund, 
my belt and letting my pants fall to the floor as I stood 
facing the crowd.  I had no will or desire to resist what 
was being done to me.  I knew then I'd been drugged.
 I next felt my shorts pushed down and something 
slipped around my waist and looped around my small prick.
I soon heard another louder roar of laughter as my new 
wife came over to me and handle whatever it was on my 
exposed prick which felt like it was erect, but I really 
couldn't tell in the state I was in.
"Thank you so much darling for saving your self for 
me.  It's so wonderful of you to wear a lace and satin pink 
ribbon bow on your little thing to signal to me and the 
world that it belongs to me and that you'll be  faithful 
and true to me. You look so lovely and cute with the ribbon 
on your cock and balls.    As you can see, you can't 
compare with the other men I've been with, but we'll talk 
about that some more later.  And forgive me for telling you 
I was technically virgin, but we'll talk about that also.  
But first darling, the guys have gone through so much 
trouble to help me have a good time on my wedding night, I 
would be remiss not to put out for them tonight.  Look upon 
it as them helping you out, since you see first hand 
they're better equipped to do so. You go on back to the 
hotel honeymoon suite and I'll be back sometime tomorrow.  
I hope they're through with me by breakfast time, but don't 
worry, there will still be enough left over pussy for you 
and your little fellow there.  I know it won't take much 
for you.  Love you darling."  Betty walked away after 
pecking me on my forehead as I stood there looking like the 
biggest fool alive.
I was still in a state of confusion but felt my sense 
of control coming back to me, slowly but surely. I was then 
paraded to the back of the room and out the door.  You see, 
mother and my aunt had me step out of my pants, which dad 
picked up.  I ended up walking out with no trousers and the 
bright pink symbol of "virgin purity, faithfulness and 
love" wrapped around my small erection, which I couldn't 
wish down.  This of course was done amidst a chorus of loud 
laughter from the assembled group. 
Before I departed the room, through my watery, 
humiliated tear laden eyes, I could see the orgy scene 
where my wife had two huge cocks comfortably in her and was 
happily being screwed on the open bed.  The crowd cheered 
her own.
I was never so glad to leave such a place and feel the 
night air on my exposed parts.  I was allowed to dress in 
the limo as we returned to the hotel.

THE RIDE BACK TO TOWN

	As the limo left the hall, the drug had worn off.  My 
folks admitted that they had enlisted the pharmacist for a 
little sedative to help me make it through the reception.
	I was nevertheless still angry and feeling utterly 
humiliated and disgraced.  I couldn't help crying as if 
there was no tomorrow.  My mom and aunt consoled me.
No matter what was said, I felt less than two inches 
high.
	All I could say was "Why"?  I wasn't sure I understood 
or liked the answer.
	"Benny honey, it's pretty much the same reason people 
go on national TV, like the Jerry Springer Show.  They can 
get what's on their chest off in an open forum, and if 
their mates accept it, they know that person really loves 
them for the person they are, and accept that their past is 
not important.  That's the same reason this was done to 
night.  Yes, your new wife is a slut.  She wanted you and 
you loved her.  She wanted the wedding and so did we."  
Mother said as we drove the dark distance back to town.
	"And Benny dear, the idea of the pink jockey was my 
idea.  I thought it was a prefect compliment to your laced 
tux.  Now everything is out in the open, her past, as well 
as your capability to take care of her in bed."
	"B-But Aunt Betsy, w-why did my p-p-penis have..."
	"Have to be exhibited in your pink ribbon and lace 
cock strap?  Well dear nephew, it was to get you over 
worrying about other men and whether you had an advantage 
or disadvantage over them in the fucking department.  Now 
you know about them, and they know about you.  Everything 
is out in the open.  You see they're better equipped to 
give her what she needs, so therefore you should be ready 
to accept the idea of her getting you help to take care of 
her needs while you remain faithful and loving to her while 
not interfering with her plans to obtain sexual 
satisfaction."

 FATHER SON TALK
	Later that evening as I settled down to get some sleep 
and compose my shattered emotional state.  Father came by 
to see me.
	We Talked.
	"Yes son, your aunt and mother do have a point.  I 
Know you were somewhat tricked, but it was for your own 
good.  The women were just trying to help you out."
	"Some help."  I replied.  "Now I'm married to the town 
slut, and to boot, I signed that prenuptial agreement which 
basically says she can sue me for everything if I try to 
divorce her or annul the marriage in less than ten years.  
I'm the laughing stock of the town."
	"Son, just as your aunt said, you should just think of 
her as more experienced than you and not in a negative way.  
They are right though.  A decent, caring, faithful, and 
loving husband and a slut wife, are a good match.  For only 
a wimp could love such a woman enough to put up with her 
needs."
	"Her needs!"
	"Yes son.  Her need to be unfaithful and knowing she'd 
always have a loving faithful husband to come home to when 
other men, her so called real men, are through with her.  
She needs their rough manliness but she direly needs your 
loving and caring kindness.  Yes son, you are the one to 
provide that to her."

MAKING A GO OF IT

	My new bride returned to our bridal suite about six AM 
and crawled into bed.  Her movement woke me.
	"Hi love."  She spoke as she kissed me. "Miss me?"
	"B-Betty?"  I spoke rubbing my eyes.  I let my mind 
settle a moment.  I wanted to jump right into interrogating 
her as to why I was treated so disgraceful by her and the 
others.  However, but the way she looked, tired, and 
frazzled, but still beautiful, seemed to signal to me that 
this may not be the time for my twenty questions.
	Knowing that she was so much more sexually 
experienced, even in a negative way, intimidated me.  I 
felt so much less confident in sexing her than before I 
knew about her lively past.
	"Benny, don't ask any questions just yet.  Lets make 
love now.  We can talk about the other things on your mind 
later.  Lets just be man and wife.  I do truly love you, 
otherwise I wouldn't be here now.  What you saw me do with 
the other men was just a physical thing.  What we have is 
the real thing."
	As I started to speak, she put her finger to my lips 
and pulled me into her arms.  We passionately kissed.  Her 
breath exhibited a faint, but keen smell of jism.  I 
pictured the huge cock I last saw in her mouth as I was 
walking out of the reception last night.
	My need to be with, touch, and feel her was great. So 
the flavoring of other men's cocks and cum was overlooked 
as I enjoyed my first real French kiss with my new wife.  
The kiss was still very good.
	Her hand soon found my "smaller than she was use to" 
erection.  Soon afterwards we were both nude and I 
shuddered as I entered her juicy, but loose, very warm 
pussy.
	It was so good to be in her and on her.  As I stroked 
my five incher in her, I groped and kneaded and sucked her 
gorgeous tits.  It was only afterwards that I detected that 
I'd probably lapped up some splattered dried jism from her 
erect nipples.  I also noticed the imprint of other's hands  
on her tender white flesh.
	There was no doubt I was getting my new wife after 
she'd been thoroughly used. 
	

LIFE GOES ON

	Betty let me know she loved me enough to enforce the 
terms of the prenuptial agreement and sue me, if I tried to 
divorce her over the reception incident or the fact that 
she was still sexing other men regularly.  The reason for 
the latter was that she deemed my small size and lack of 
stamina in her cunt did not meet her minimum standard of 
sexual satisfaction.
	I checked with a lawyer and he agreed that due to my 
stupidity in agreeing to her terms as written, she was 
legally right, since it was left totally up to her to 
determine what was considered sexually satisfactory.  In 
addition, in my state of love blindness, I also didn't read 
the small print where I agree that she could seek and 
obtain "sexual redress" from any man, or men, that could 
provide her with the level of sexual satisfaction she 
deemed acceptable, and that I couldn't provide.
	I was devastated at the situation I was in, but my 
folks didn't think it was all that bad since I had such a 
beautiful wife that loved me.

A FEW WEEKS LATER AND A BUNDLE OF JOY ON THE WAY
	
	"H-H-Have a baby!"
	"Yes Benny darling, we're going to have a baby."  
Betty replied calmly, yet gleefully.
	"B-But how do you know that it-it's not. . ."
	"Not yours?  Well, really I don't darling.  You had as 
just as much a chance to knock me up as the other fellows, 
even though you only get yours last after they all get 
theirs first."
	"B-B-Betty!  H-How could you do this to me? W-W-Why a-
are you doing this m-me?  I-I thought y-you w-were on the 
p-pill."
	"I  quit three months before the wedding.  I wanted 
our first born to be conceived on our wedding night."
	"B-But w-w-why. . ."
	"Why let them help you with our first born?  Because I 
wanted to feel special when I got knocked up and put in a 
maternal way.  I wanted it to be passionate and physically 
fulfilling when I conceived darling.  Darling, I don't mean 
to hurt you, but I knew early on in our relationship, you 
couldn't give me the physical part of that special feeling.  
But I did know you could provide the emotional love and 
nurturing I needed in a marriage.  Please don't fail me 
Benny honey, I really need your love.  I've never had the 
love I know you can give me.  The love of a good husband is 
golden.  Anyway, you did participate in making this baby.  
Of course it was after they had me first, as you know. 
Sometimes the first one in may have the best chance, but 
who knows Benny dear, you could've beat out all the 
others."
	Her words made me feel horrified. I don't know if it 
was her words or the manner and tone of voice, but I could 
hardly respond to her for several moments as I again coped 
with this news that I wished I wasn't hearing.
	I was speechless as I tried to absorb what she's just 
said.  I remembered my father's words about a slut wife and 
wimp husband being a perfect match.  
"B-Betty. . . I-I just don't know what to say.  I-I-I 
just don't understand w-w-why y-you had to do this."
	"I did it because I wanted us to have the child from 
such a joy laden event.  The guys were so sincere in their 
expressions about me.   After you left I told the guys I 
was unprotected and wanted to start a family for us and 
that I wanted my conception to be passionate.  They all did 
their best to make it so.  And Benny darling, if it makes 
you feel better, to the man, they unanimously agreed you'd 
make a good dad and that whosoever baby it turned out to 
be, they knew the child would have a good home."
	I looked at my new wife as if she'd totally lost her 
mind.  I was silent for a long moment.  I wondered all 
sorts of things, but mostly why was this happening to me. 
"W-Well... I-I guess with everything else I've found 
out, I-I don't know why this would not be any different."  
I sighed in a resigned tone.  
"Benny darling, you're making more out of this than 
you should."
"Oh Betty, I-I know I-I'm not in the same league as 
you.  In fact I-I don't know if I-I can even hold the match 
to light a candle to your experience as compared to mine, 
which is virtually nil when it comes to sex.  A-And to hear 
all those testimonials at the reception, a-as to how good 
you are in bed, well... well, a-and now to find out y-
you're probably pregnant with another man's baby... a-and 
I-I had to wait until o-our wedding night to h-have you.  
I-I'm at a loss for words."
	"Do you love me Benny?"  Betty said with the most 
sensuous look on her face.
	"I-I don't know w-what I feel now.  I think I do.  But 
Betty... I don't know if we are going to work out.  It's 
been good to finally make love to you, but  knowing that 
you need more than I-I can give you and that you have to 
have other men is-is so painful. Last night was just like 
all the other times since the wedding. After having 
intercourse, it still takes me almost an hour of sucking 
your pussy to satisfy you.  My jaws ache, and my tongue was 
so tired I could hardly talk when you finally let go of my 
head." 
	"Honey, that's more of a reason for us to stay 
married.  You see, I need you and my other men.  You do a 
better job than they can in the mouth department.  You see 
they don't even try, because they know they aren't any good 
at eating pussy.  You've got them beat.  None of them eat 
pussy. You're good at what you do."
	I hated the idea of tasting and sucking up her other 
men's ejaculated sperm from her sloppy cunt, but she 
claimed she needed her pussy sucked when it was that way 
for me to get her off so well.  Even though the physical 
taste wasn't that unpalatable, the mental effect left a  
bad taste on my mental state, both as a man and her 
husband. 


ANOTHER FATHER SON TALK

	"And yes son, as your aunt and mother have told you, 
you will have to change your attitude in order to make this 
marriage a success."
	"Y-You mean..."
	"Yes, it will include you having other men's generous 
loads of spent sperm as part of your routine diet.  It will 
be necessary for you to suck out your new bride's well 
fucked and filled cunt.  She likes other men's big dicks 
and she likes for you to tongue douche her afterwards.  She 
needs and wants that. She's told you so.  You have to 
accept that.  You've already been introduced to the taste 
of jism  on her breath and mouth as well as eating it from 
her pussy.  As you know, it won't hurt or kill you.  Like a 
lot of us wimpy husbands, the taste of her and her lovers' 
fuck slime will become a natural part of your life 
together."
	I could see the sincerity in my father's face.  All I 
could do was sit and absorb what he was saying.  He was 
definitely against annulment or divorce, not that I could 
afford to do so because of the prenuptial agreement.  He 
went on to tell me how to put up with her, and accept my 
second or third or fourth fiddle role, and be happy about 
it.
	"And son, yes she'll probably have more children by 
other men.  You have to adjust to that also.  I'm sure 
you'll be the good husband and raise them as if they were 
your own biological offspring. Your mother and I will 
accept them as our grand children and will show them 
nothing but love."
	He and I talked for a long time and I listened 
intently.  He told me he was saving some special 
information for last.  I wondered what it was.  Now I wish 
he'd never mentioned it.
"So son, in summary, men will enjoy your wife in many 
ways. And lastly, any babies they leave in her will be 
yours to raise and care for.  And I almost forgot, she or 
the men may require you to pay a stud fee as a further 
indication of respect to them."
"Stud fee!"
"Yes, your mother had me pay the father of your 
younger sister and brother $75 a week for the whole time 
she was pregnant with them."
"Y-Y-You m-mean. . .?
"Yes son, I'm not their real father.  Your mother 
cuckolded me . . . a-and I was forced to accept it or lose 
her.  I chose to stay and become her wimp husband, as a 
better man took care of her primary sexual needs. I did 
what I could with my much smaller, less sturdy tool, as 
well as my tongue to do my part. 
"He died a few years ago.  And I know what else is on 
your mind.  Yes, I'm your biological father.  You must 
swear to never tell your younger brother and sister."
I swore to him I'd never reveal this secret.	
  "People thought I was working for extra money for 
the babies, but a good part of that was for her old 
boyfriend, her lover.  He decided that the best job for me 
was working as a janitor cleaning public toilets.  So you 
see son, we wimps have to pay a price to be with such 
beautiful women, but sometimes that's what love is all 
about."

	THE FORGIVEN

	As my and her family urged and recommended, I stopped 
thinking about leaving her and did whatever it took to make 
our marriage work.
	As I had expected, our first born, a boy, was not 
mine.  The father turned out to be one of my new bride's 
favorite lovers from some time ago.  He looks nothing like 
me, but a spitting image of his real dad.  Again more 
humiliation for me to bear as people come by to see "our" 
first born. People have been nice and say the baby looks 
like my wife.
	My wife invites the real father over often to see his 
new son, so even though they don't say it, every one of our 
friends and neighbors knows the real story. 
	Just as my father predicted, she has had other 
children by her many lovers, including one from a blackman.
	Shortly after our first born made his way into the 
world, she insisted I use a condom to improve my staying 
power, when we had intercourse.  Then after a period of 
time when she was satisfied my staying power met her 
standard, she would let me enter her hot juicy twat, skin 
to skin.  Each time she would do so, it wasn't long before 
she'd come up pregnant.  With our second child I thought 
sure the baby was mine, she didn't say otherwise.   I 
didn't find out until our daughter was born that I wasn't 
the father.
	Generally after she's had a baby and is able to resume 
intercourse, she would complain about my lack of stamina 
and relegate me back to using latex again for a period of 
time, usually until she gets pregnant again. 
Of course I have to admit, the rubber layer did help 
me improve my holding power, but not to the extent that I 
was any competition to her "real" men, her various big dick 
boyfriends, who always sexed her skin to skin whether she 
was on the pill or not.
With the rubber, I often got a little bit over five 
minutes, without it, three minutes max.
	After this pregnancy cycle happened two more times, it 
finally dawned on me what was going on.  I remembered some 
of what my father said about the thrill slut wives get from 
fooling their husbands and presenting them other men's 
babies.  
	She always had a good excuse for why I didn't get her 
pregnant, but it seemed to make her so happy at the thought 
of cuckolding me in a most blatant and permanent way.  I 
could see it in her eyes and on her face. I never said 
much, but accepted her explanations.  It took me a while, 
but I came to the conclusion that the reason she loved me 
so was because she got such a thrill from cuckolding and 
humiliating me so abjectly.
	My family made no difference in the kids and were 
constantly observing to made sure I didn't either.  I 
didn't.  It wasn't in me to be that low.
	After the fifth child by an outside lover, I pretty 
much resigned myself as to what my place was in the 
marriage, just as my father before me had done in his.  
Incidentally, I only had to pay a stud fee to one of her 
lovers, the one she admits she is currently pregnant by 
with "our" sixth child.
	I stood up to him and refused his demand that I take a 
part time demeaning janitorial job, as my father had done.  
I let him know I had no plans to take such a menial job 
just to pay him the fee he demanded, and my wife 
encouraged,  for siring our latest bundle of joy.  I showed 
him and my wife that I was not to be walked over totally 
and that I was still a force to be reckoned with in the 
household.  Instead, I negotiated with him and her on this 
matter. 
	The negotiations didn't turn out the way I wanted, but 
I felt good about not having to do something like clean 
public toilets like dad.
	I do have to pay the fee to him and I do work to earn 
it.
	You see, he requires me to dress in drag and suck 
cocks for him on the weekends at XXX theaters and peep 
shows.

			###END###


Send comments or future story ideas to CDE at 
ccwriter@hotmail.com
