A week had passed since what became affectionately known between Draco and Harry as 'That Night', and Harry still felt sudden flashes of heat as memories played in his head at odd moments.

Draco had been simply beautiful all stretched out on Harry's bed with his head thrown back and his neck exposed, his skin hot and slick with sweat where Harry's hands held him to the bed. They were lucky that they were alone and that Harry had cast a silencing charm around the room, or there was no doubt in Harry's mind that someone would've rushed in at Draco's first groan. Draco had sounded like he was being tortured as his impossibly blue eyes glazed over, muscles rippling and his voice deepening as Harry used every trick he knew to make Draco feel good. He had wanted Draco's first time with someone else to be something he would never forget, and he was pretty sure he had succeeded.

The thrill that went down Harry's spine as he swallowed that first pulse of precome had made him shudder. He could almost feel Draco's hands tangled in his unruly, sweat-soaked hair still, fingers clenching as his cock throbbed in Harry's mouth. Harry had done the same thing with George often, but it hadn't affected him quite like being with Draco had. It was beautiful to see Draco so free and uninhibited, and Harry hoped that Fred knew what a gift he was being given. Draco's body had rolled with sinewy movements very like those of a snake gliding through tall grass, every movement instinctive and so graceful it was almost as if Draco had practiced it. Draco, who was so innocent, had sounded as if his body and soul were being ripped from each other when he climaxed.

Draco's flushed skin had shone with sweat as he sprawled there in Harry's bed and tried to get control of himself again. Harry had found himself unable to do anything but marvel at Draco's beauty afterwards, savoring the taste that was lingering in his mouth. Draco was breathtaking lying there like a debauched angel, his pale skin seeming almost to glow against the dove-grey sheets and his hair fanned out over the pillow in a pale golden halo. Harry had spent what seemed like hours slowly running his lips and hands over Draco's body, worshiping him while Draco slowly regained his breath and scattered thoughts. Draco's unique personal scent, a mixture of sandalwood and soap, had clung to Harry's body afterwards, not fading entirely until after his shower the next morning.

Harry could never put into words how it made him feel to know that he had shared this with Draco, how he felt to know that even though Draco would hold and even love other people, Harry would always be the first one who had kissed him breathless. Fred, if he had any brains at all, would be the first to make love to Draco, but Harry had still been the first to learn Draco's perfect body and make Draco feel loved.

"Harry...?"

Draco's voice pulled Harry from his daydream and brought his attention abruptly back to the present. He focused on the blond standing across the room, watching Draco hold up two shirts, one a slate blue and the other a burgundy rose. "Hmm?"

They had both been tailored specifically to fit Draco's broadening shoulders and narrow waist, and both looked so very nice on him that Draco was having a hard time choosing which one to wear. "Which looks better?"

Harry licked his lips, comparing the two shirts and then letting his gaze roam slowly over Draco's form as he said softly, "The blue, definitely. It brings out your eyes and always looks spectacular with those black jeans you're wearing."

"Alright," Draco replied with a bit of a smile. He recognized the look that Harry was giving him as being inspired partly by frank appraisal and partly by lust.

Turning around, Draco hung up the burgundy shirt and then carefully slipped an arm into the blue one. After 'That Night' Draco had begun to feel an answering rush of desire whenever Harry gazed at him like that. He was still getting used to seeing Harry as someone he wanted to shag someday. Just the thought of it brought a bright flush to his pale skin and made him want to moan.

Harry licked his lips as he watched the play of muscles in Draco's back for a few moments before he noticed Draco's reflection in the mirror. Draco was still a bit nervous about what he was going to do, and it showed in the way his fingers trembled on the buttons. Harry quickly stood and walked over to help, brushing Draco's trembling hands aside and then buttoning the shirt as he smiled reassuringly at him. "Don't worry, Dray. Everything will be okay, I'm sure of it."

Taking a deep breath, Draco nodded slowly. "It's only Fred, that's what I keep telling myself, but it doesn't seem to be helping." He watched Harry's fingers deftly buttoning up the shirt and sometimes even brushing his skin, unable to keep from remembering that those were the hands that had pleasured him, kept him safe, and made him feel loved.

Harry smiled, nodding and watching Draco's face as he replied softly, "You're going to be as safe with Freddie as you would be with me, Dray. I know he would never hurt you." He finished buttoning the shirt and stepped back a bit as he tilted his head a little to one side and looked at Draco, then tugged gently at the shirt and added, "I think you should tuck it in, show off that perfect arse of yours."

"Harry!" Draco squeaked out, his voice cracking on the upnote as another memory slipped its way into the forefront of Draco's mind. The things that Harry had done to his arse had been heavenly, especially with his tongue. Draco had wanted to ask if that was a natural talent or if he could learn to make someone else feel like that, but he hadn't been able to make himself say the words.

Harry looked into Draco's eyes with a little grin, the wicked glint in his green eyes making them sparkle. "Would you like me to do it for you?" He tugged Draco's shirt up and hooked his fingers loosely into the waistband of Draco's jeans as if to unbutton them, smirking when Draco made no move to stop him. "What a great idea."

"I swear you're a c-co--cocktease, Harry." Draco felt the flush that was becoming a permanent fixture on his face deepen even further as he looked back at his brother. Draco truly wished that he didn't stutter when he was feeling horny and nervous, but it had passed quickly when he was with Harry so he hoped that eventually it would go away completely.

Harry wriggled his eyebrows, glad that Draco hadn't made a move to stop him as he stepped closer to him, leaving just enough room between them for his hands to unfasten Draco's jeans. "It's only being a tease," he murmured, "if I'm not willing to follow through." He leaned closer to kiss Draco's lips softly and then looked into his eyes as he added, "I'd be happy to take the edge off for you, before you go. It might help you relax."

Licking his lips, Draco slowly shook his head even as his hands went to his zipper and dragged it down with a soft rasping noise that seemed loud in the sudden silence. "No. I don't think that even you could get rid of these nerves, and I have to meet Fred by the main staircase in a few minutes." Looking shyly at Harry, he finished in a whisper, "And, well, I don't want to waste the chance by not being able to, uhm, finish, if things go well. Maybe-- Maybe tonight you could let me practice on you a bit?" Draco was hopeful, thinking that he would need Harry's comfort after what he planned to try on Fred.

Harry leaned closer again to kiss Draco's lips softly before he smiled at him, his green eyes gentle and full of love. "Anytime Dray, it would be a pleasure." He moved his hands to start tucking in Draco's shirt, his touch lingering only a little as he tucked the shirt down along Dray's upper thighs with a sudden grin. "And you don't need to worry you won't be able to finish. If you make it that far, you'll find that you won't have any trouble at all."

Draco ducked his head to give Harry's lips a feather-soft kiss and then whispered softly, "Thank you."

Harry smiled at Draco, recognizing the tremble of nervousness in Draco's voice for what it was as he rested his hands on either side of Draco's waist. "You don't have to thank me, Dray. I love you and I love being with you, no matter what we're doing."

Draco's expression relaxed into a sweet smile and he beamed at Harry, nodding. "I know and I love you too. You're my big brother." Draco grinned suddenly and added teasingly, "Well, sort of. You are a bit short."

Harry laughed and gave Draco a little shove. "It's not my fault I take after Mum. We can't all be tall and perfect." Harry grinned and leaned up to kiss Draco's cheek, then moved away to go over to the dresser across the room. "Finish tucking in your shirt, I know just what the final touch should be."

"Yes sir," Draco replied half-mockingly, then wiggled his hips from side to side as he began tucking his shirt in again, mentally cursing how tight his jeans were. After making sure that the material laid flat with little patting motions, he finally buttoned his jeans and then tugged up the zipper before he exhaled the breath that he'd been forced to hold with a loud whoosh. "I might have to stretch these, I doubt I could sit down in them without doing myself serious damage."

Harry turned back towards him with a silver chain dangling from his fingers and gave Draco another of those frankly appraising looks, then smirked wickedly. "Oh no, they're perfect, I promise."

"If you say so," Draco replied dubiously, watching as Harry walked back towards him.

"I do." Harry stepped very close to Draco and then lifted his hands to put the necklace on Draco, sliding his hands under Draco's pale blond hair to close the clasp.

The feel of Harry's fingers brushing against the soft skin at the nape of his neck was enough to make Draco shiver. Harry caressed the soft skin again just to see if he'd react the same way, and a certain part of Draco's anatomy started to stand up and pay attention. "Harry, look what you did!" Draco complained, his tone somewhere between amused and whiny. "Now I have to think of something to get it down again. There is no way Papa's going to let me walk out of here with a stiffy."

Harry snickered softly as he used the excuse of smoothing the chain around Draco's neck to stroke the soft skin of his throat again. He straightened the tiny sliver dragon charm that hung from it before he stepped back and moved his hands to Draco's waist, tugging the shirt up just a bit to make it fall more naturally. "Think about Neville." Harry paused, tilting his head to look at Draco's shirt with a grin as he added, "Or kissing Mrs. Norris."

Draco raised one eyebrow in a close imitation of Severus, looking down at Harry. "That was the singularly worst, most disturbing image possible," he said very dryly, no tone or inflection in his voice even though the thought of kissing Mrs. Norris did make his erection subside again. "I don't think I'll ever be able to get it up again. You have ruined my sex life before it's even started good."

Harry snickered, his green eyes dancing with laughter as he wriggled his eyebrows at Draco. "Oh I doubt that! But, I'm sure I can get a ... reaction, if you'd like proof."

Draco crossed his arms in front of his chest and looked skeptical, his stance relaxed even as he mock glared at Harry. "That mental image was too disgusting."

Harry smirked, a challenging glint in his eyes as he moved around behind Draco to lean close to Draco's ear without actually touching him and murmured, "Don't you remember how much your cock just loves my mouth? All hot and wet and tight, and when I hum it sends vibrations straight to your bollocks and your lovely arse and makes you want things you don't even know about yet..." Draco shivered, remembering that feeling, and then Harry licked lightly at the edge of Draco's ear before he added in a husky whisper, "Wouldn't you like to come down my throat again tonight?"

Inhaling sharply, Draco moved away from the torturous beast known as Harold Evan Malfoy-Snape as he muttered, "You are evil." Carefully adjusting himself in the tight jeans, Draco tried unsuccessfully to envision Neville kissing Mrs. Norris, instead of remembering flashes of Harry's mouth on his cock that made him want to groan.

Harry smirked and moved to one side so he could see Draco's face better, his green eyes sparkling as he folded his arms across his chest, parroting the stance Draco had taken a moment ago. "Have any more doubts, Dray?"

Not liking the smirk that was on Harry's face, Draco's eyes narrowed as he turned slowly and stalked towards him. He didn't know where he was getting the stones to dare, but his actions were deliberate as he reached out and wrapped his fingers around the back of Harry's neck. Pulling him close to his body, Draco dipped his head down and slowly started devouring Harry's lips, licking at the upper then sucking on the bottom as Harry melted against him with a soft little surprised sound.

Draco stepped back suddenly just as Harry began to really respond to the kiss, leaving him wanting more. Draco smiled at him almost innocently and said rather cheerfully, "No, not really."

Harry took a deep breath as he blinked twice to clear his vision and muttered, "I've created a monster." Harry licked his lips, then a predatory little smile slowly spread across his face. "Or maybe a master..."

Blushing, Draco ran his fingers through his shoulder length blond hair and scuffed his toe against the floor, secretly pleased that he'd been able to distract Harry, however briefly. The smile on his face spread tentatively after a moment as he glanced at Harry and asked, "Was that … all right?"

"All right?!" Harry scoffed, grinning and looking a bit surprised. "No, it wasn't all right. It was bloody brilliant, and don't let anyone tell you differently."

Draco beamed at Harry and stepped closer to him, kissing Harry on the forehead and giving him a tight hug before he let go. "I guess I should go. Thank you, Harry, for everything. I love you."

Harry kissed Draco's cheek and then smiled at him as he said, "I love you too, and you don't have to thank me, Dray. It's always an honor."

"It was an honor to suck my prick?" Draco teased, his eyes sparkling with silent mirth.

Harry smirked. "It was an honor the be the first to suck your prick."

Draco couldn't help but grin back despite his blush. "Even though I wasn't the first to suck yours, it was an honor to be taught by you. It was fun."

"Thank you, it's supposed to be fun." Harry reached up to tuck a bit of Draco's hair behind his ear, smiling. "And I'm not as patient as you are, Dray, so when I caught George staring at my arse I had to do something about it. If I hadn't, you would have been my first too, I think."

Draco smirked as his hands slid down to cup Harry's arse and murmured, "And why wouldn't he stare? You arse is round, soft, tight, and very squeezable." Tightening the hands that were curving over Harry's arse, Draco got a good feel as if to demonstrate, then nodded. "Yes, definitely squeezable. George would've been a fool not to try and lay claim to it."

Harry slid his arms around Draco's neck and swayed closer to press his body against him with a wicked little grin, his green eyes sparkling with amusement and something more. "Are you sure? Maybe you should check again."

Running his hands over Harry's arse, Draco started pushing Harry back towards the wall, walking slowly as he murmured in a husky baritone that Harry knew meant he was getting quite aroused again, "How would you like me to make sure? Maybe lift you up and press you against the wall to snog you until you're melting in my hands, hmm? Would you like that? Being held up only by my mouth on yours, and my hands and cock pressing against you?"

Harry groaned and slid his hands into Draco's hair, looking into his eyes with undisguised hunger as he licked his lips and then whispered, "I'd love it."

Draco leaned forward just as Harry's back hit the wall and dragged his tongue along Harry's throat as he listened to Harry moan, molding his body along Harry's. He rubbed his renewed erection against Harry's hip as he whispered into his skin, "You make me want to stay here and see just how far this can go."

Draco bit gently at the soft skin over the throbbing vein in Harry's throat, his mouth wrapping around the skin and slowly drawing it into his mouth as he suckled hungrily. Harry let his eyelids fall closed, shuddering and making tiny little needy noises as his hands tightened in Draco's hair. Draco licked and sucked at Harry's throat until a light bruise had formed from the pressure and then pulled back his head just enough to survey his handiwork. The almost purple mark stood out starkly against the pale skin of Harry's throat, and Draco couldn't resist the urge to give the tasty skin one final lick before he pulled back far enough to see Harry's face.

"You taste like heaven," Draco whispered softly, "but I need to go try this on Freddie before I forget myself."

Harry opened his eyes, swallowing hard before he said huskily, "Freddie's going to be putty in your hands, Dray. He'll never know what hit him."

Draco smiled at Harry, encouraged by the faith that Harry had in him and by the way Harry had reacted to his advances. "Wish me luck." Brushing his lips across Harry's once more, Draco pulled back feeling much calmer than he had earlier.

Harry returned the smile, his green eyes sparkling as he gave Draco a squeeze and then let him go. "You won't need it, but good luck."

Stepping backwards, Draco took a deep breath and then muttered to himself, "Neville and Mrs. Norris. Frenching." He made a face at the thought but the front of his pants didn't become appreciably looser. "All right… Neville French kissing Filch." That mental image was enough to draw a shudder. Harry chuckled softly and Draco gave him a blinding grin, then walked quickly towards the door.

Harry moved over to throw himself down face-first on Draco's bed, groaning at the sudden pressure against his cock and not even noticing it when Draco closed the door. Harry took a deep breath, inhaling Draco's scent from the pillow even as he tried to will away his erection, mentally promising his aching cock a very nice blowjob later. He knew it was rather stupid and that thinking about a nice blowjob would probably just make him harder, but he still thought it. He knew Draco loved Fred at least as much as he loved George -- which was quite a lot -- and he couldn't think of anyone in the world who might understand how much he loved Draco except the twins, so he was devoutly hoping that everything would go well with Freddie. He simply couldn't imagine he and Draco actually dating anyone else, and no one would understand if Draco and Harry tried to date each other.

After laying on the bed a few moments going over the possible worst case scenario in his head Harry suddenly turned his face to the side, looking at the wall. Even though Harry and Draco weren't related, they had been raised as brothers. Harry knew that if he was wrong and the twins didn't express their love for each other physically, then there was very little chance anyone would ever understand he and Draco doing so. If Harry was wrong about the twins' activities together -- and if he was wrong then George had quite a lot of explaining to do, both for not correcting Harry when he'd hinted as much and for cheating on him -- then it was very likely that when Fred and George found out they would want nothing more to do with them.

Harry loved George quite a lot and knew that he wanted to spend his life with him, even if he hadn't ever admitted it out loud to anyone, but Draco was his other half. Harry couldn't imagine giving up the privilege of showing Draco how much he loved him, not even for George.

~*~*~*~*~

Draco stopped for a moment in the sitting room to kiss Sev on the cheek before he said with a bright grin, "See you later, Papa. I'm going out for a walk around the lake."

Sev glanced up from his book idly and then his eyes narrowed as he noticed a rather obvious bulge at the front of Draco's jeans and gave Draco a more searching look. Draco was dressed much as Lucius had dressed as a teenager when he wanted to score with a pretty girl, and seeing him brought back quite a few memories for Sev. He hadn't seen Draco so obviously dressed to impress for quite some time, but he thought that going out was quite an improvement over how quiet Draco had acted recently so he didn't make any attempt to disrupt Draco's plans. "Do have fun."

"Oh I will, Papa," Draco replied cheerfully over his shoulder on his way out of the suite, completely oblivious to the way Sev was watching him. "Have no fear."

Sev watched Draco disappear through the doorway and then looked back down at his book with a slight frown, trying to decide whether or not he was imagining the fact that Draco had not only been aroused, but looked as though he'd just been thoroughly kissed as well. He knew that Harry and Draco were very close -- inseparable might have been a better term, really -- but he hadn't thought that they were experimenting sexually with each other. He had actually been worried that one or both of them might be involved with either Granger, Longbottom, or the Thomas boy since Harry and Draco spent quite a lot of time with the Gryffindors, but he hadn't ever seen Harry or Draco return from a 'study session' in the state that Draco had just left their room.

'Of course,' Sev thought after a moment, 'it's not as though it would truly be wrong if they did. Lily won't like it, but I suppose no mother likes it when her children begin having sex. They are not related by blood, and they're even closer than Luc and I were at that age, if such a thing is possible. I suppose, since they do both seem to be quite as queer as I am, that I should have been expecting that they might experiment a bit with each other.'

Sev looked back down at his book and began to read again, but after only a moment another thought crossed his mind and he lifted his head again, his eyes widening. 'But, if they are as close as Luc and I were, then where the hell was Draco going?! I know a Malfoy on the prowl when I see one, and that boy is looking to get laid. The question is who he has his eye on.' Sev looked at the fireplace for a long moment, then sighed softly and closed his book, setting it aside. 'Harry will know, but whether he will tell me or not is a very different question.'

Sev stood abruptly and walked to Harry and Draco's room to knock on the door as he called softly, "Harry? Are you busy, son?"

Sev waited patiently for a response instead of just entering because he well remembered being a teenager and knew that his sons valued their privacy as much as he himself did. They were at that age where even a well-intentioned entering was viewed as a threat, mostly because it could be quite embarrassing. Sev and Luc had both been overrun with hormones at that age and had often gotten off either together or alone several times a day, after each other constantly when they weren't busy tormenting the seventh years and Lucius wasn't chasing some skirt or another. Knowing that Draco had just left the boys' room with a stiffy, Sev wasn't about to just waltz into their room. He thought it quite likely Harry would be in a rather compromising position.

Harry rolled over and sat up on Draco's bed, glancing down at his lap and adjusting himself quickly to make his fading erection a bit less noticeable. He finally looked back up at the door and called, "No, I'm not busy. Come on in, Papa."

Sev opened the door and walked into the room, noticing immediately that Harry was on Draco's bed even though he didn't say anything. He knew it wasn't unusual for the two of them to violate each other's personal space. It was a concept that they just didn't seem to think applied to them. "Your brother just stormed out of here like a heathen in heat, and I was wondering if you might be willing to tell me why."

Harry snickered at that, his green eyes lighting up with amusement as he shifted to pull one knee up to his chest, folding his arms on his knee and resting his chin on them. "He's got his eye on someone and is trying to impress them."

"Should I be terrified?" Sev asked as he gazed at Harry, his eyes alighting on the bruise on Harry's neck. 'Well, there's the answer to my question. That is definitely a love bite that he did not have when they walked in here an hour ago, or I'm not a Potions Master.'

Harry shrugged a bit, smiling. "I don't think so Papa, but I'm just his brother."

Nodding his head, Sev said quite decisively, "In that case, yes, I should be terrified. Please do warn me before he brings this person home."

"Yes sir," Harry replied with a grin, glad it was Sev asking questions instead of Lily, who would have kept digging until she was sure she knew everything he did.

Sev turned as if to go, then paused and looked back at the bed. "Oh, and Harry?"

Harry lifted his head and gave his father a questioning look. "Yes, Papa?"

Sev tapped the side of his own throat and looked pointedly at Harry's neck. "I would recommend the application of a concealing charm before your mother sees that. She is very unlikely to let it pass without embarrassing you thoroughly." Sev strode out of the boys' room with a dark chuckle, shutting the door behind him just in time to cut off the muffled sound of another voice as Harry's eyes widened.

Harry jumped off the bed as soon Sev closed the door, moving to the nearby mirror to look at his neck. He took a few moments to inspect the bite on his throat before he turned away to go get his wand, muttering, "We're definitely going to have to talk about where it's safe to mark each other."

Harry picked his wand up off of his bed and then moved the few steps back to the mirror to try and conceal the mark, wishing he were better at that particular spell. It wasn't as easy as an invisibility spell, which was a shame since he'd been able to perform one of those since midway through fourth year. He had to focus his attention exactly right if he wanted to conceal the bruise on his neck in such a way that it wouldn't be obvious that there was something different there. Harry knew that all three of his parents were quite observant enough to catch a poor attempt at a concealing charm, so it would have to be perfectly applied.

Harry's first try looked quite good until he moved, then he groaned as he realized he had focused incorrectly and cast the concealing charm on the mirror, not on his neck. He ended the spell and tried again, touching his wand to the love bite and then attempting to cast the charm again. The spell again looked to have worked, at least until Harry moved the wand away and saw he'd put an illusion of the wand-tip onto his neck. Harry let out another low annoyed noise and ended the spell again, moving so that he had a better view of his neck and then concentrating for a few moments on picturing exactly how it should look before he tried the spell again.

There was a knock on the door just as Harry finished the charm again, and Harry looked in the mirror, quickly craning his neck around to be sure the concealing charm had worked before he moved to the foot of Draco's bed and flopped down on it as he said, "Come in!"

George stuck his head in, grinning at the way Harry's eyes lit up when he saw him. "Your Mum said it was alright to visit. She's dragging your other two parental units out for an evening of, in your Dad's words, 'peace and bloody quiet!'" Stepping into the room and quietly closing the door, George smiled at Harry as he added, "Also, I came to report on the meeting of the two berks known as our brothers."

Harry grinned, patting the bed next to him. "Come, sit! Tell me everything."

Leaning back against the closed door, George teasingly shook his head. "I don't think it's a good idea for me and you to both be on Draco's bed." With a wiggle of his eyebrows and a crooking of his finger, George beckoned Harry over as he added, "I might be persuaded though..."

Harry smirked and stood up, walking slowly towards George. "It could be quite fun to persuade you. Did Mum say when they were leaving?"

"Oh, about two minutes ago. They were taking the Floo out when I walked in here," George replied with a deceptively innocent grin. "I wanted to make sure they were really gone before I came to see you."

Harry's smirk turned positively wicked as he stopped in front of George, standing very close to him and resting his hands on George's hips. "Mmm, I do like a man who thinks on his feet."

Smirking, George slid an arm around Harry's waist and pulled him close, molding Harry's smaller body against his own. "I can do quite a lot more than think on my feet."

Harry melted against George, sliding his hands around to cup George's arse as he looked up into his eyes with a wicked little grin. "Oh yes, I know. I'm quite the lucky guy."

George pulled Harry closer, his free hand going to the back of Harry's neck and tugging gently as he moved forward until his lips were almost touching Harry's, then a slight shimmer caught his eye and he stopped. "Harry, what's that?"

Harry pulled back slightly with a surprised expression, then saw George was looking at his neck a blushed a bit as he murmured, "Nothing important." He leaned closer again, wanting to kiss George and not really thinking it was important that they talk about it.

George had never attempted to explain the hickeys he had that Harry hadn't given him, but he didn't stop to think that the courtesy should go both ways. He was still focused on Harry's neck and looking a bit uncertain as he said softly, "Harry..."

Harry paused again, seeing the uncertainty in George's eyes and wanting to reassure him as he said softly, "It's just a hickey, George. I had to hide it so Mum wouldn't see it."

"But --" George protested softly, his eyes beginning to shine a little as he reached up to trail a finger over the edge of the glamour.

Harry lifted his hand to stroke George's cheek, concerned. "George, what's wrong?"

"I didn't give that to you, Harry," George replied quietly, his expression suddenly more closed and serious than Harry had ever seen it.

Harry's eyebrows went up and he let go of George, stepping away from him slightly. "George, you have hickeys I didn't give you all the time, and you've never even attempted to explain them. Why is this different?"

"I didn't think you'd find another boyfriend though." Pushing Harry away a little, George moved past him to sit on Harry's bed. "I thought I could be enough for you."

Harry followed him, moving to sit next to George and looking seriously at him. "Am I your boyfriend, George?"

Looking at his folded hands, George spoke quietly. "I hoped. I mean, you're the only one who touches me besides Freddie, I wouldn't let anyone else near me. I just thought..."

"I know that I love you, and think of you as my boyfriend, but you've never said you wanted that George, so I didn't push." Harry reached for George's hands as George looked at him suddenly, the closed expression falling away. Harry covered George's hands with one of his own and added softly, "And nobody touches me except you... And Draco."

George's eyebrows lifted at the mention of Draco and curiosity shone in his eyes, but he didn't feel that he had the right to ask because he had avoided answering when Harry asked him about Freddie. Thinking back on that now he regretted it and wished he had been honest, but he really wouldn't be able to blame Harry if he decided to evade the question. Turning his hand over, he laced his fingers with Harry's and squeezed.

Harry squeezed George's hand and leaned closer to kiss his cheek quickly before sitting back again. "Go ahead and ask," he said softly, amused by George's expression and the curiosity in his eyes. "We both know your curiosity will drive you barmy if you don't."

"You and Draco are, well, like me and Freddie?"

"You've never told me how things are between you and Freddie," Harry replied reasonably, "so how am I supposed to answer that?"

George looked at Harry for a moment, then cleared his throat and asked a little hesitantly, "Do you touch because it feels like you're the only ones that can ever completely understand how much you mean each other? When you kiss, does it feel as if your soul's on fire?" Harry nodded slowly, his eyes softening as he remembered what it had been like, and George swallowed hard before he asked very softly, "Do you and Draco make love because it's the closest you can ever be to each other?"

"Kissing is exactly like that, but we-- We haven't actually had sex, just done other things." Harry paused a moment, looking down at their linked hands, then looked back up at George. "I didn't plan on it, but Draco was worried because he didn't know much about kissing or fooling around and wanted me to show him." Harry's cheeks flushed. "Once we started kissing, things got out of hand pretty fast."

"His kisses were addictive and his touch even more so," George spoke softly, moving one hand from his lap to drape that arm around Harry's shoulders. "And he tasted like sin and heaven all at the same time."

Harry nodded, looking into George's eyes and wondering how he knew just exactly the right words to say to describe such an ambiguous feeling. "I've always thought he was beautiful, but seeing him like that..." Harry trailed off, at a loss for words.

George smiled softly and tightened his arm around Harry's shoulders, giving him a squeeze. "A little part of you fell in love."

Harry nodded, still gazing into George's eyes as he said softly, "But that doesn't mean I love you less."

"I know." It was said without any hesitation, a simple statement of belief that was almost as profound as the look in George's eyes.

Harry was suddenly sure that George knew exactly what he was feeling, how he was thinking, and approved because he felt exactly the same way about Freddie. Harry smiled, thinking about how lucky he and Draco were that they had met the twins, the only people Harry thought could ever understand their love for each other well enough not to be jealous.

Harry just stared into George's eyes for a long time before he finally spoke again, changing the subject as he asked with a smile, "Did you see Dray when he went to meet Freddie?"

"Did I see Draco?" George repeated, smirking at Harry. "I think everyone in the castle saw Draco." His expression turned into an evil grin as he added, "Especially Blaise. He noticed Draco to the point that Parkinson had to jerk on his arm to get his attention, and the git nearly took a header down the stairs."

Harry returned the smirk, a wicked twinkle in his eyes as he said firmly, "Good! The bastard needs to see just what he's going to be missing out on at least once before I manage to corner him and kick his arse."

"I love it when you talk tough." George pulled Harry into his lap with a grin and then added, "Your brother had the serious strut going. Even McGonagall stopped and stared at him. Hooch too."

Harry settled astride George's thighs as he rested both hands on George's shoulders, smirking. "I really had to work at it to get him from scared shitless to strutting." He paused and then asked curiously, "What'd you think when you saw him?"

"Honestly? I wanted to fuck him, hard. Pound his lovely ass right into the ground." George looked up into Harry's eyes and arranged him over his erection. "See? I was hard the whole way here."

Harry smirked and rocked slowly against George's cock, teasing him as he asked, "Are you sure you picked the right brother?"

"Oh I picked the right one, all right." Leaning forward, George kissed Harry on the neck, murmuring, "He fits me perfectly."

Harry smiled, tipping his head to the side in obvious encouragement as he asked quietly, "Are you sure? The other brother is much more beautiful..."

George bit Harry's neck gently, then reprimanded him in a low voice, "Harry, you're fucking gorgeous. Don't think that you aren't."

Harry slid one hand up from George's shoulder to comb through George's hair. "Maybe, but Dray's still beautiful."

"Harry, you're beautiful too. In fact, I'm going to prove it to you. Get up, baby."

Harry climbed off of George's lap to stand against the side of the bed between George's knees. He let his hands rest on George's shoulders again, absently stroking the muscles there as he gave George a bemused look and tried to decide whether or not he should feel girly for liking the fact George had called him baby. "What exactly do you have in mind?"

"Stand in front of the mirror for me?" George asked with a smile. "I'm going to show you just how beautiful you are."

Harry gave George a dubious look but pulled away and moved over to the mirror, looking at himself a few moments before he looked at George again. "I'm still just me, George."

George stood and walked over to stand behind Harry, wrapping his arms around Harry's waist as he spoke low into his ear. "Tell me what you think about your face."

Harry looked into George's eyes in the mirror for a long moment, leaning back against him, then turned his attention to looking at himself, seeing the same face he always saw. He shrugged slightly after a minute or two, letting his gaze move back to the reflection of George's eyes. "I look a bit like Papa, but not as much as I did when I was little. I've got my mother's eyes and mouth and it makes me look vaguely girly, but not terribly so."

"Harry, you have a strong face. Beautifully high cheekbones, sensual lips just made for kissing, marvelous verdant green eyes, a perfect slim nose that fits your face."

Harry blushed, looking down at where George's arms were wrapped around him and stroking the backs of his hands without replying. George kept whispering into Harry's ear, watching him in the mirror. "You have a smattering of freckles on the bridge of your nose that are so faint I hope no one but Draco and I have gotten close enough to see them, and your skin's smooth as satin and sunkissed. Plus you have this thick, gorgeous hair that's black as night and so silky to the touch."

Harry's cheeks flushed a bit more and he looked up slowly to meet George's eyes, listening silently both because he had no idea what to say and because he didn't really want to distract George and make him stop talking.

"You even have the cutest earlobes," George added softly with a little smile, "just the right size to nibble and suck on."

Harry smiled slightly at that, unable to resist asking, "You like my ears?"

"Baby, I love your ears." George nibbled on the curve of Harry's left ear, making Harry shiver and moan softly, and then he whispered, "They are absolutely perfect, just like you."

Harry stroked George's hands, tipping his head in obvious invitation. "I'm glad you think so."

George nuzzled Harry's ear, whispering softly into it, "I'm not the only one. I had to threaten a few people so I'd have a chance with you, little love."

Harry smiled and laced his fingers with George's, holding his hands and watching George's face in the mirror. "Did you really?"

"Want a list?" George asked with obvious amusement as he looked at Harry in the mirror, his thumbs rubbing over Harry's hands. "I dare say you know the majority of them."

Harry giggled slightly, looking into George's eyes. "When did you start telling them to back off?"

Looking a bit sheepish, George murmured, "Right after the Sorting Feast."

Harry's eyes widened. "Yours or ours?"

With a bit of smirk, George kissed Harry's cheek. "Guess."

Harry laughed softly and replied, "I'm going to guess ours. Yours would be just a bit scary, since all you knew about me then was that I have a habit of roaming at night, I'm scrawny, and I run like a girl."

George teased with a smile, "But what a cute scrawny kid you were." He became a bit more serious then, pulling Harry closer as he went on, "And the first time I told them to back off, it was because they looked at you the way Blaise has always looked at Draco."

"Did they really? I've caught a few people looking at Draco, but I never noticed them watching me..." Harry trailed off, surprised, and then asked softly, "Who was looking at me like that?"

"Flint, Wood, Diggory, Zabini, Chang, Davies, Warrington... A few others." Tightening his arms around Harry, George held him close while he briefly got lost in memories of seeing other people stare at his Harry. "I didn't like that they were looking at you like that. You were sweet and so innocent, and you didn't deserve to be dragged into the power games."

Harry leaned his head back on George's shoulder, turning his head to rest his forehead against George's ear. "I never really understood all of that. I mean, I knew, but somehow it didn't really connect, you know? Mum and Papa are just professors, and Dray and I definitely aren't the only students that have a parent in the Ministry."

"Harry, your Mum, she's a hero. Your Papa too, and your Dad has all the right political connections. If they told the Ministry to jump on something, there's a good chance it would happen."

"Maybe," Harry conceded, "but I doubt they would. Mum thinks all of that Woman Who Lived business is complete codswallop, and Papa and Dad agree with her. Mum and Papa just want to teach and do a little bit of research on the side, and Dad quite likes his job with the Department of Mysteries."

"I know that, and you know that, and Dray and Freddie know that, but some people just want to use whatever and whoever they can to get ahead. I didn't want that to happen to you, and Freddie didn't want it to happen to Dray. He even threatened Percy."

Harry nuzzled the side of George's throat as he thought about whether or not he wanted to know why Fred had to threaten Percy, but after a few moments he finally decided he didn't. "I'm glad we've got you two to take care of us."

Catching the side of Harry's mouth with a tender kiss, George just held him. "Always."

Harry smiled, his eyes shining as he kissed George softly and then whispered, "I love you."

Quidditch callused fingers stroked Harry's jaw slowly as George's lips brushed over his cheek. "I love you, too. I think I have since the very first time I saw you, when you and Dray charged to the rescue before McGonagall could catch us."

Harry swallowed hard and leaned into George's touch, whispering, "You have no idea how long I've hoped you would say that to me."

"I didn't want to push you too fast, or to think that I was after something."

Harry looked into George's eyes, a soft smile on his lips. "You wouldn't have been pushing me, George. Didn't you ever wonder why I didn't date anyone?"

Shrugging, George steered Harry back towards the bed, still pressing against him. "I thought it was because you were being Super Brother to Draco. You were always scowling at anyone who got too close to him until he fell for Blaise, and when they broke up you got even worse."

Harry giggled a little, letting George guide him towards the bed. "Dray needed someone to take care of him, he doesn't do very well with crowds."

"I've noticed."

Harry giggled again, turning in George's arms and reaching up to wrap his arms around George's neck. "I'm sure you have. It's pretty obvious, and you have known us for nearly seven years now."

"Fuck, I love it when you giggle, you sound so carefree." George smiled as he slid his hands down to cup Harry's arse, pulling him closer. "And you look so beautiful with your eyes all sparkling and happy."

Harry returned the smile even though he was blushing again, pressing his body up against George's and running his fingers through George's hair as he said softly, "Most just think it makes me sound girly."

"Fuck'em," George answered with a little grin as he leaned in and kissed Harry's lips slowly. Harry's arms tightened around his neck as George tightened his hands on Harry's arse and lifted him up a little, arms that were nicely muscular from years of wielding a bat holding Harry's weight easily. George was half of the best team of Beaters Gryffindor had ever had, and years of practice had done wonders for his build.

Harry lifted his legs after a moment, wrapping them around George's hips and then grinding against George's erection as he murmured against his lips, "Why don't you fuck me instead?"

George's head went back to look Harry in the eyes, surprise obvious on his face. "Harry, you don't really want me to do that."

Harry's eyebrows went up as he gave George a little grin. "I don't? You sure could have fooled me." He flexed his hips to grind his cock against George's belly slowly, still looking into George's eyes. "I've wanted you to make love to me for a long time. Why do you think I told you that I wanted my first time to be with someone who loved me?"

George looked into Harry's eyes a moment longer and then said quietly, "We'll do it one night, baby, but not tonight. I'll make it good for you when we do."

"I know you'll take good care of me, George. I'm not worried about that at all." Harry looked into George's eyes for a moment and then asked softly, "Would you tell me why you don't want to?"

"A little something called Double Potions tomorrow. Your Mum and Pop are the professors and I think they'll notice if you're sitting a little tenderly." George smiled reassuringly. "Believe me, if I could make it so that it won't hurt, I would but...."

Harry blinked in surprise and then blushed. "I hadn't even though of that."

Pressing a quick kiss to Harry's lips, George carried him the few steps to the bed and laid him down on it, letting Harry pull him down on top of him. "It's alright, but I know what it feels like and I don't want you uncomfortable and squirming through classes all day."

Harry looked curiously up at George, stroking George's shoulders as he asked quietly, "What was it like, really?"

George settled across Harry, shifting to the side to take most of his weight on one elbow as he rubbed the other hand in a circle on Harry's stomach. "Well... At first it was like the fingers. You know how you slide one or two inside when you're blowing someone?"

Harry nodded, smiling a bit and toying absently with George's hair. "Yes. I like that, as you well know."

George chuckled a little, his hazel eyes sparkling. "Yes, you're quite responsive. Well, it feels like that when you're getting stretched, only more slippery because if you don't use a lot of lube, there's no way a prick's going up your arse. I guess it depends on the position you're in too, but I had my legs over Freddie's shoulders."

Harry licked his lips at that mental picture and murmured, "Merlin, what I wouldn't give to have seen that." He realized he'd spoken aloud and his eyes went wide as he blushed and hid his face against George's shoulder. "You didn't hear that."

Smirking at the blush on Harry's cheeks, George tilted Harry's face up so that he could look at him again. "Don't be embarrassed, I wish you could've been there, too. Just to see what it was like." He stared into Harry's eyes a moment, unable to miss the desire, love, and trust mingled in them, then he blinked and coughed slightly to clear his throat before he continued. "But, even with my legs on Fred's shoulders, it hurt when he pushed in. Felt like he was tearing me open and my arse kept clenching so tight he'd slip out. It took a bit of time but eventually he got in and stayed in, even though it hurt."

Harry's blush hadn't faded and his eyes were still wide as he asked, "It does get better though, right? 'Cause, otherwise, what's the point?"

"It gets a lot better, baby, I promise," George replied, trying to be honest and comforting at the same time. "I just want to be sure you know not to expect the first time to be perfect. You'll get at least some pleasure from it after your arse adjusts, but it still hurts at first."

Harry looked relieved. "Well, as much as I like it when you finger me, I sort of figured I'd like it when you make love to me, too. I can handle a little pain, as long as it'll get better eventually."

"Oh, it gets a lot better with practice," George replied, nodding as he grinned at Harry. "It feels like you're flying and filled to the brim, and there's really nothing like having a cock rubbing against your happy button."

Harry giggled a bit at that as he looked up at George, running his fingers through George's hair. "I love to fly."

George leaned in and brushed his lips against Harry's neck, nuzzling and playfully licking the skin there. Harry tipped his head to give George more access, the fingers in George's hair urging him closer as Harry made a soft, pleased noise. Whispering softly against Harry's neck, George made his voice a little deeper, "I'll show you how to fly without a broomstick. Show you how good it can feel to have someone inside of you, giving you everything that they have. For you to feel like you're complete."

Harry let out a soft little moan, closing his eyes and moving to hook one leg around George's hips, pulling their bodies closer together as he asked softly, "Is that what it's like for you, with Freddie?"

"No. " George reached up and stroked Harry's face and throat gently, tipping his head up a bit to look at Harry's face. "That's what I'm hoping it will be like for us."

Harry turned his head to kiss George's palm then looked down at George's face, the hand in George's hair urging him upwards for a kiss as he murmured, "It will be, I know it. No one else can make me feel like I feel with you. Not even Dray." George smiled and moved so that he could brush his lips against Harry's, and then Harry murmured against George's lips with a soft smile, "I do love you, you know." He kissed George again, his lips parting against George's almost immediately as he licked delicately at George's lower lip.

George sucked gently at Harry's tongue before releasing it to murmur, "And I love you, Harry, more than I could ever put into words." Taking Harry's hand in his own, George intertwined their fingers and added softly, "I can't make love to you tonight, but you could make love to me."

Harry looked up at George, his green eyes surprised even as there was a flash of something hot and hungry in them. He swallowed hard, not even noticing the way his grip tightened on George's fingers as he asked softly, "Do you really want me to?"

With a slight curve of his lips, George nodded, his gaze still on Harry's eyes as he watched the desire in them flare brighter. "I've wanted you to shag me for a long time, I just wasn't sure you were ready for that."

Harry swallowed again and shuddered under George, getting a bit more wide-eyed as his green eyes glittered and he said rather calmly, "I think I'm going to come in my pants. Just so you know."

George's eyes widened and then he broke down into deep rumbling chuckles and he moved slowly off of Harry, teasing, "Hair trigger you have there, baby."

Harry blushed hotly almost to the collarbone, not really wanting to let go of George but making himself do so. "It's just that I've dreamed of making love to you and hearing that you really want me to, and tonight, is just..." He trailed off, blushing even more if that was possible and looking like he wasn't sure if he should be mortified by the fact he was about to come from just the idea or not. "Blame it on Dray's teasing today and the fact you're so bloody hot."

George reached for Harry's jeans to unbutton them and slide the zipper down slowly, pulling the material up enough that it wouldn't rub against Harry's erection too much. "Well, I think I know exactly what will make you feel better," he murmured as he parted the denim and tugged Harry's boxers down a few inches, gently freeing his erection. "Something to take the edge off." George moved to wrap his lips around the crown of Harry's cock, licking at the slit before he suddenly sucked harder and drew Harry's cock into his mouth.

Harry shuddered and fisted the coverlet under him, his hips lifting from the bed to push a bit deeper into George's mouth as he groaned out, "Oh, fuck! Your mouth is amazing." His hips rocked upwards again, his cock throbbing in George's mouth as it released a generous pulse of precome and Harry muttered breathlessly, "You should give lessons."

George chuckled around Harry's cock and when Harry groaned at the vibration he sucked strongly on the head of his cock and then let it slip from his mouth with a pop, tilting his head to the side and sliding his lips up and down the length, fastening tightly at the base every few times. He moved his hands to tug at Harry's jeans then and Harry lifted his hips to let George tug his jeans and boxers down to his knees, revealing beautifully tanned skin as Harry let his arse fall to the bed again. George moved his hands to curl his fingers over Harry's hips then and stroked the skin there as he concentrated on licking and sucking Harry's cock while Harry's balls drew closer to his body and he made soft little encouraging noises.

Harry rocked his hips a bit harder as he whispered huskily, "Feels so, oooh, so fucking goo--" Harry's words faded into a low shuddering groan, his muscles jumping under George's hands as his hips moved in jerky little thrusts, his cock throbbing.

George moaned softly and increased the suction as another spurt of Harry's unique taste hit the back of his throat, rolling the slightly bitter cream around his tongue as his lips milked Harry in time to the spasms of his cock. Bringing the stretched 'O' of his mouth up to the crown, he slowly swallowed the mixture of Harry's come and his own saliva, savoring it as it rolled down his throat. Harry shuddered, his cock pulsing one last time before he let out a deep sigh and relaxed, the clothes he still wore feeling somehow more confining than they had a few moments ago.

Remembering that Harry hated to wear anything after he came, George began to carefully maneuver Harry's jeans and boxers down his sweat sticky skin, pausing often to stroke Harry's sensitized skin before he finally tossed Harry's jeans and boxers off the bed. George removed his mouth then from the softened, spent cock that he had been gently nursing, nuzzling into the musky curls at Harry's groin and inhaling his scent with a low pleased noise.

Harry shifted to prop himself up on one elbow, smiling and reaching out with the other hand to stroke George's hair and then giving it a gentle tug as he murmured, "Come up here George, I want to kiss you."

Crawling slowly up Harry's body, George nipped at his belly along the way, asking teasingly, "What if I'm having fun playing down here?" He dipped his tongue into Harry's belly button, licking around the circular nub as Harry made a soft pleased noise.

"I'll not argue too much," Harry replied with obvious amusement, stroking along George's jaw. "I do want to kiss you though."

With a final slow lick at Harry's stomach, George climbed the rest of the way up to lie on his side next to Harry, his hazel eyes twinkling. "You rang, master?"

Harry rolled towards George, smirking suddenly as he pushed George to his back and moved to kneel over him, his hands braced on the bed on either side of George's neck. "I sure did." Harry leaned down to lick delicately at George's lips, making a soft noise in his throat and then gently biting the lower lip before letting go to murmur against George's mouth, "I could eat you alive."

Harry kissed him again, sliding the tip of his tongue along George's lips as George nipped playfully at it and reached up to start unbuttoning the shirt Harry was wearing, taking his time to explore as he sucked at Harry's bottom lip. George let go of Harry's lip after a moment and then Harry licked into his open mouth, tasting his own semen mingled with a hint of chocolate as he let out a soft groan. Harry shifted to hold his weight on one hand so he could move the other to George's collarbone, enjoying the feel of George's solid muscular chest under his hand as he slid it down to slowly tease George's nipple through his shirt.

George slid his hands inside Harry's open shirt to run his hands over Harry's chest, groaning into Harry's mouth at the feel of Harry's heated skin against his palms. Harry leaned into George's touch with a low noise very like a purr, making George suddenly quite glad that he'd decided to report on Draco and Fred's progress when he did. Harry rubbed his thumb slowly back and forth across George's nipple as he thrust his tongue deeper into George's mouth, sliding it wetly along George's tongue as he shifted his hips to press down against George's crotch, rubbing against the denim with a little hungry sound even though the rough fabric was uncomfortable against his still-sensitive cock.

"Harry... Harry," George groaned his name into the cherry red lips, trying to get his attention as he tugged on Harry's shirt, wanting to get it off of his shoulders as it tangled around Harry's arms. "Take this off, baby."

Harry pulled back a bit to look down at George, his green eyes bright with desire as he shifted to kneel astride George's thighs and tossed his shirt into the floor. "I think you're wearing way too many clothes." He reached for the waist of George's jeans to begin unfastening them, sliding his fingers inside quite a bit more than was strictly necessary. "If I'm going to be naked, you're going to be naked."

George thrust his hips upwards slightly, trying to press the outline of his cock against Harry's fingers as he smiled, amused. "Naked's a good thing, want to finish my trousers while I take this off?" he asked, his large hands moving to the top of his shirt to begin unbuttoning it slowly as he watched Harry's face.

Harry smirked when he felt skin and coarse hair against the back of his fingers, sliding one hand into George's jeans. He stroked along George's cock with the tips of his fingers as he said teasingly, "I think you forgot something when you got dressed." He curled his fingers around George's cock, squeezing gently.

George groaned at the feeling of Harry's hot hand wrapped around him and then Harry was sliding the zipper down the rest of the way with his free hand as George asked, "Now what could that be?"

Harry smirked, enjoying the feel of George's cock heavy and hard in his palm as he carefully freed it from his jeans, stroking just enough to keep him wanting but keeping his grip fairly loose. "Well, it might be what you're supposed to put on before the jeans."

Tapping Harry's bottom lip with a finger, George remarked, "But Harry, I did put deodorant on."

Harry laughed, giving George's cock another teasing squeeze. "Yes, well, you forgot your underwear."

"I didn't forget Harry," George protested with a cheeky smile, moving his hips in rhythm to Harry's squeezes. "I just didn't bother to put any on."

Harry chuckled and squeezed George's cock again, dragging his hand slowly along the heated length and then palming the crown to rub over it, fingertips teasing the shaft. "If I had known that, you might never have made it past the door."