Wife Exposed At Resort
by Butchheathway

Wife Exposed At Resort Pt. 04

Things get steamy in the steam room.

It's just after 3am as we leave Thomas and Helen.

We make our way back to our room without speaking but holding each other as we walked.

I lie naked on the bed staring at the ceiling as Wendy showers.

I keep replaying what has just happened over and over in my head.

Even in my physically and mentally exhausted state, my cock grows strong and hard, as hard as I have ever been it seems.

I stroke myself to orgasm, spilling my seed over my stomach as the shower turns off.

Wendy walks in with just a towel wrapped around her luscious body.

"Did you really just cum again?"

"Yes, I can't stop getting hard."

"I know what you mean, do you think there was something in that drink Helen made?"

"I'm not sure but if there was, it is really good stuff."

"I know, even though I'm exhausted I feel like I could fuck forever."

"We need to get some sleep and I need a shower."

I head into the bathroom and turn on the shower and step under the cold water.

The cold shower is working as I get clean and remain flaccid.

I walk out of the bathroom drying myself with a towel and I see Wendy has fallen asleep on the bed with her legs slightly parted.

As gorgeous as she looks I resist the urge to bury my tongue between her legs and I gently cover her with the duvet and climb into bed and sleep myself.

In the morning we sit at the little table on the balcony having breakfast when I look up and see Thomas watching us from his balcony.

He raises his right hand to his right ear and the phone in our room rings.

Wendy gets up and answers the phone.

"Hello?"

I can only hear her side of the conversation.

"Thank you, yes we both had fun."

"Yes, I enjoyed it very much."

"I'm not sure, nothing much I suppose."

"Yes, ok, that would be lovely, thank you."

"I will yes, see you later, bye!"

She hangs up the phone and sits back down to finish her coffee.

"That was Thomas, he has invited us to use his private spa today."

"You mean just us? Or with them?"

"Just us, he said he'd like to invite us for dinner in their suite later on."

"Do you want to go? He'll probably expect to fuck you again."

"I think I want to go, he said he wanted to take more photographs."

She says this with the sexiest smile imaginable.

As we get ready there is a knock at the door.

I open the door to see Helen standing there with an envelope in her hand.

"I won't come in, I just brought you the key to the spa*****enjoy!"

She leaves without saying anything else, as if last night didn't happen.

The spa turns out to be just opposite our room underneath Thomas' place.

We walk over and unlock the door and enter a large open area with a well-equipped gym off to one side and a sauna and a steam room to the side of a well-stocked bar/reception area.

There are a multitude of scented candles scattered about and relaxing ambient music playing in the background.

On the bar is an ice bucket with a couple of screw top jars filled with a clear liquid and a pair of tall glass tumblers chilling in the ice.

There is a note from Helen, which reads***** "Please enjoy these cocktails, they are my special recipe just for you."

I turn to look at Wendy as she is unscrewing the lid of one of the jars.

"Do you really think this is a good idea?"

She has poured her drink and sips from her glass.

"When in Rome***** Or wherever."

She proceeds to drink lustily until she drains her glass.

"They really are delicious."

I decide to wait and see how the drink affects her before I have mine.

We enter the steam room and Wendy discards her towel and sits directly across from the door.

I sit just to the side of the door so I can see her in all her naked glory.

"You enjoy being naked don't you?"

"I do, especially when I'm all hot and bothered."

She has opened her legs and her right hand sneaks down over her belly to rest between her legs.

"Are you horny?" (A ridiculous question in the circumstances)

"Mm, yes, very."

"Would you like it if someone was watching you now?"

"Yes, do you like watching me?"

She is opening her labia and gently rubbing her wet inner petals to find her clitoris proudly erect between her fingers.

I find myself slightly short of breath as my cock rapidly hardens.

"I love watching you."

I move forward and replace her fingers with my tongue.

She gasps as I lick her wet folds, gently at first but gradually intensify as I alternate between my tongue fucking her and concentrating on her clitoris.

"Someone is watching us." She gasps as she approaches orgasm.

I can't resist stroking my cock as I lick her pussy.

"He's watching through the window, oh, oh, make me cum!"

She shudders to a climax as I spill my seed on the floor.

"Oh, fuck me, let him watch me get fucked."

I get up and sit behind her as she sits down on my now withering cock.

Wendy is frantically rubbing her pussy on my cock trying to make it hard when the door opens and I see the guy who was watching us is the same guy from the shopping trip the other day.

He's naked and stroking his cock slowly as Wendy grinds away on my lap.

I ask her.

"What do you want to happen?"

She replies.

"I want to be fucked."

Our voyeur approaches slowly as I lean back taking Wendy with me.

She opens her legs wide as she lies back on my chest and reaches up to hold my head.

The voyeur crouches and gradually feeds his cock into my wife's soaking wet pussy.

She groans as his cock slowly eases in to the hilt.

"Oh yes, fuck me." She sighs.

He tries to build up a rhythm but it's an awkward position.

He slowly withdraws his cock and Wendy groans in disappointment.

"Please lie down." He says.

Wendy lies down and opens her legs; I get behind her and hold her legs up over her head.

The voyeur climbs onto the bench and sinks his cock all the way into my wife's pussy in one quick thrust.

She groans ecstatically "Oh fuck yes, yes, fuck me."

He starts to fuck her hard as I hold her in place.

"Is this what you want?"

"Yes, oh yes."

She's gasping, lifting her pelvis to meet each downward thrust.

He is starting to jackhammer Wendy's pussy as he approaches his orgasm.

Wendy is panting and gasping "Yes, oh yes, harder!" "Fuck me harder!"

She shudders to her climax screaming obscenities as he lunges deep into her pussy and starts to buck, he pulls out and sends a stream of jism over her body hitting her neck and chin.

He slowly feeds his cock back into her pussy moving his hips back and forth a couple of times.

"Yes, oh yes."

He gradually withdraws his dripping cock and sits on the bench.

Wendy sits up and he nuzzles her neck and fondles her breast as she strokes his erection.

She pulls me closer as I stroke her gaping pussy.

His cock is remarkably still fully erect as is mine.

Wendy climbs over his lap and slowly lowers herself onto his fully engorged cock.

She grasps my cock tightly in her left hand.

"Mm, Two lovely hard cocks."

She lowers herself further and slowly rides up and down on this strangers' cock.

"Oh this is so good."

The sight of my wife riding the strangers' cock is intoxicating, she is rhythmically panting, exhaling with every downward thrust of her pelvis.

She leans over and takes my throbbing cock into her mouth.

I'm very close to orgasm as she swallows me whole and gently bobs her head.

I thrust my cock upwards as I fuck her mouth until I start spurting down her throat.

Wendy gags as I cum and my seed spills from her mouth.

She withdraws her mouth and the last spurt splashes onto her neck.

The stranger holds Wendy at the hip and vigorously pulls her onto his cock.

He lifts her up and showers her pussy with cum.

Wendy collapses between us and groans softly.

The door to the steam room opens and Helen walks in.

"That looked like fun."

No one had noticed she had been watching through the window.

Helen steps forward and starts to kiss Wendy, Wendy responds with her tongue and gets up on her knees to return the passionate kisses.

The stranger leans in and proceeds to kiss Wendy's nipple and stroke her sopping pussy.

Wendy grasps his cock and slowly strokes the last few dribbles of cum along his withering shaft.

Helen is meanwhile licking the spilled seed from Wendy's neck and chest.

My wife leans back to kiss me, I can taste my own cum on her lips.

She is quivering with lust at all the attention she is receiving.

Wendy is struggling to stay in position as we move around her body with our tongues fingers and mouths.

The stranger kneels down in front of her and begins to lick and suck her pussy lips.

Helen is kissing and licking Wendy's neck, mouth, face and chin.

I'm licking and stroking her tits.

She is groaning constantly as her orgasm approaches.

The stranger starts to fuck her with his fingers as he frantically licks her clitoris.

This pushes her over the edge as she shudders to another huge orgasm.

As we all sit back exhausted Helen speaks up.

"I see you have reacquainted yourselves with Jack here."

"He will be joining us for dinner tonight, I hope you don't mind."

They both leave before we can respond.

Wendy speaks first.

"Well, that happened."


Wife Exposed At Resort Pt. 05

We sit back slightly taken aback and confused.

I turn to Wendy and say.

"I'm not sure what is going on here but something is not quite right."

"I know I'm so confused. I don't know what's happening to me."

"I think we are being manipulated somehow, I love seeing you this way, watching you fuck but I feel totally helpless. I don't know what is going on."

"I feel helpless too, I actually like someone else taking control. It can't be wrong if it's out of our hands."

"So, do you want to go to dinner?"

"I feel we have to, I don't seem to have the will to say no."

"Ok, we'd better go and get ready."

We leave the spa and return to our room and sleep for a couple of hours.

The telephone rings and Wendy gets up to answer.

"Hello?"

*****

"Yes, we were just getting ready to come over."

*****

"Really?"

*****

"Well yes then, if you insist."

*****

"Ok then, we'll be there shortly."

She hangs up.

I ask her.

"Was that Thomas or Helen?"

"It was Thomas, he wants you to go over there ahead of me and I'm to follow*****naked."

"You're kidding? And you agreed?"

"Well, yes I don't feel like I have any choice."

"What if I didn't want you to do it?"

"I don't know? You want me to though, don't you?"

I pause for thought before answering.

"Yes, I want you to, I'm getting hard just thinking about it."

"Ok then, off you go. I'll follow you over."

She leans forward and sucks my tongue into her mouth and swirls her tongue around mine.

She places her right hand against my throbbing cock as she withdraws her mouth from mine.

"Keep that hard for when I get over there."

I head over to their place feeling nervous and excited.

Thomas is waiting, holding a camera as I exit the lift.

"Thank you for coming, I'm sure we are in for another memorable evening."

He offers me the camera and shows me to the balcony as Helen comes out of the apartment completely naked with a tray of drinks.

"Hello David, please have a drink."

She smiles as I take a glass and drink; I feel it's going to be an interesting night.

Thomas speaks as I drain the glass and return it to Helen.

"Ah, here she comes now, please record your wife's journey."

He gestures to the edge of the balcony where I can see Wendy starting to walk across the courtyard below.

She looks stunning as I aim the camera and hit the record button.

She looks up and smiles at me as she makes her way across the well lit courtyard.

I can't tell if anyone else is witnessing this as I'm focused through the lens of the camera but Wendy doesn't seem to care as she strides purposefully towards the lift that will bring her up to where we are all waiting for her.

The lift doors open and Wendy steps out to be greeted by Helen and her tray of drinks.

She smiles as she takes a glass and then drains the contents in one go.

Helen ushers us into the penthouse and Thomas follows us inside.

I ask Wendy if she saw anyone watching her.

"I didn't see anyone but I wasn't really looking."

Thomas interjects.

"The only one to see was my business partner who is in the apartment above your room,

He's the reason I insisted you were naked. I wanted to show him my new plaything."

Wendy glances nervously at me as she says.

"Plaything? That's a little presumptuous don't you think?"

"Oh no dear, I've known what was going to happen since I saw you on the beach that first night."

Thomas then explains how he first saw us from the external balcony, which overlooks the beach. He then sent James to follow us on our little shopping trip and report back to him the full details.

"Helen in fact spotted you at the airport as you arrived and told me you seemed promising. That's why you were allocated that particular room."

I'm feeling confused and conflicted, I should be angry or upset but here we are standing in this apartment, my wife, naked at another man's command and me with a raging hard on.

Helen takes Wendy's hand and leads her to the bed.

Wendy complies and meekly follows her.

Helen climbs onto the bed and lies down, opens her legs and beckons Wendy with her index finger.

Wendy crawls onto the bed and without hesitation starts to lick and kiss the wet folds between Helens legs.

*****

Thomas starts to undress, steps forward and places his hand between Wendy's legs as she frantically licks Helen towards orgasm.

"Ah yes, so wet, so willing."

Wendy groans at his touch as Helen moans, approaching her orgasm quickly.

My wife buries her face between Helen's legs and slips a finger into her arse.

This tips Helen over the edge and she climaxes loudly.

Helen, still groaning sits up and positions Wendy on her back.

They are almost in a 69 position as Helen energetically attacks Wendy's pussy with her tongue.

Thomas takes a step forward and starts to fondle Wendy's breasts.

"Such magnificent breasts, and such an inviting mouth."

He's holding his cock in front of my wife's face and she reaches back and draws him into her open, willing mouth.

She groans as he sinks his cock deep into her throat.

*****

"Oh yes, take it all, take it all in."

Wendy is now groaning constantly as she approaches orgasm.

Thomas is slowly easing his cock in and out of my wife's mouth as Helen inserts her fingers into Wendy's soaking wet pussy.

This brings her to a crashing orgasm and she drags his cock all the way into her mouth as her hips thrust into Helen's face.

Thomas holds either side of my wife's face as he slowly draws his long skinny cock out from her mouth.

She's trying to pull him back in as her orgasm subsides.

Helen slumps down onto the floor.

Thomas moves Wendy over the bed and positions her on her hands and knees.

Wendy is still panting as he lines his cock up with her pussy, stroking the head over her moist slit.

"What would you like my dear? Do you want to be fucked?"

"Yes, fuck me, fuck me good."

He's stroking his cock up and down between her legs.

"Where do you want to be fucked?"

"Anywhere, everywhere, just fuck me."

He stops stroking and positions his cock at the entrance of her puckered arsehole and slowly feeds his entire length deep inside.

*****

Wendy gasps as his cock is fed in all the way.

"Oh yes, fuck me there."

I'm watching this as I'm stroking my rampant cock.

Helen, still lying on the floor beckons me with her hands.

"Come and fuck me David."

I don't need another invitation so I sink to my knees and plunge my cock into Helen and slide slowly in and out.

I can hear Wendy almost screaming.

"Oh! Fuck! Yes! Oh! Oh!"

I can't help but look over at what's happening to my wife on the bed.

All I can see is Thomas slowly withdrawing his cock and then slamming it back in hard.

Thomas grunts loudly as he slams his cock into my wife's arse one final time.

He's reaching under pulling her tits as his cock empties inside her.

Thomas withdraws fully from her arse and Wendy remains in position as he replaces his cock with two fingers.

"Do you want some more?"

"Yes, oh yes."

He pulls her round to see me fucking Helen.

"Why don't you join them?"

Wendy scrambles off the bed and straddles over Helen and they kiss each other as I thrust in and out of Helen.

Wendy is backing towards me rubbing her groin against me.

She's hungry for more cock.

She practically pushes me out of Helen and lowers herself so that they are rubbing their groins together.

I can't resist this invitation and given the choices of my wife's pussy or arse, I slide my cock slowly into her cum filled hole.

She's so well lubricated my cock slides in easily.

*****

Thomas is watching from the bed, recording with the camera.

He starts to direct as he moves around capturing the action from various angles.

"That's it, fuck her slowly, gently."

"Wendy, move yourself back to meet his thrusts."

"Let's try this, Dave, get up on the bed here."

I ease out of my wife's arse and climb onto the bed.

"Wendy, climb on top for me please."

My wife straddles me and slowly eases herself onto my throbbing cock.

"Helen, offer him your cunt."

Helen stands and lowers her pussy to my mouth.

Wendy is riding me as I lick Helen's clitoris, my nose buried between her pussy lips.

I hear Thomas say. "Yes, come in." as Wendy's thrusts become more urgent.

I'm trying not to cum as I notice Helen shuffling backwards slightly making it difficult for me to keep contact with her clit.

Wendy and Helen both groan, as I'm suddenly aware of a big black cock just above my face slowly sliding into Helen's arse.

*****

Helen starts to buck as my tongue has done it's job and James has just buried himself into her arse.

Wendy is rocking frantically and I can't resist any longer and thrust upwards and flood her pussy with cum.

I scramble out from underneath as I'm suffocating in Helen's pussy as James is fucking her.

Thomas hands me the camera and continues to direct, with him in the action this time.

He has Wendy and Helen kneel on the floor and then he and James stand with their cocks in front of them.

*****

Nothing is said as Helen wraps her lips around Thomas' cock and Wendy takes hold of James' cock with her hand, slowly engulfing his cock in her mouth.

I'm fixated on Wendy as she slowly bobs her head, taking more and more into her mouth with each forward movement.

Helen removes herself from Thomas' cock and Thomas shuffles over next to Wendy.

My wife reaches up to stroke his cock as she continues sucking James.

*****

Wendy then turns her attention to Thomas' cock as James strokes his long hard cock.

Helen is standing nearby and holds Wendy's free hand before placing it between her legs.

Wendy stops sucking cock long enough to say.

"Let me have that inside me."

She means James' cock.

Thomas reluctantly agrees.

"Certainly my dear."

He directs James to lie down as he enters Helen on the floor next to him.

Wendy sits astride James and gently lowers herself onto his engorged cock until she is fully impaled.

"Ah yes!"

*****

With her hands bracing herself on his legs she starts to ride up and down his long cum slicked cock.

It's an intoxicating sight as she shudders and groans with every thrust.

Thomas tires of this quite quickly and instructs Wendy and Helen to get up on the bed.

Wendy groans in disappointment as she removes herself from James' cock.

Thomas arranges Wendy and Helen into a sideways 69 on the bed.

"Ok ladies, let's see those tongues at work."

They both start licking each other and it's not long before they both start to moan.

Thomas climbs onto the bed behind Wendy and James behind Helen.

I'm captivated as I watch Thomas feed his cock into my wife's arse as she groans with pleasure with her mouth clamped to Helen's pussy.

*****

James is feeding his cock into Helen and they have formed an intricate yin and yang.

Both women are moaning with each thrust as they lick each other.

Wendy has her mouth wide open as she tongues Helen when James withdraws his cock from Helen's arse and plunges it into my wife's mouth.

*****

Wendy hungrily sucks James' cock seemingly taking more pleasure from sucking cock than licking pussy.

Thomas has meanwhile switched between Helens' mouth to my wife's pussy and thrusts hard until he ejaculates pulling out and Helen starts to lick him clean.

*****

James is fucking Helen's arse hard and fast and pulls out and cums in Wendy's mouth.

She's trying to contain the load but he's jerking frantically and her face is getting splattered with cum.

*****

James slides his cock back into Helen's arse and Wendy is licking the spilled cum from Helen's pussy and licking Jame's shaft as he strokes his cock in and out of Helen's arse.

*****

Afterwards, Thomas tells us of his plans for the remainder of our stay.

He is proposing Wendy as the "entertainment" at a private club he owns in town.

There is also the suggestion she performs at a local strip club whose audience is mostly made up from a local naval base (which is where James is from).

We shall have to wait and see*****

