When I was ten, it was a very good year:

It was a bright sunny day as I zipped along the sidewalk headed for the nearby city park to try out some tricks on my new skateboard that Dad had just given me for my tenth birthday. There is a bowl and some ramps that they put in last year and several of my friends were already dropping in and then flying up over the lip as I coasted to a stop and kicked my board up and caught it in my hand.

They all waved and I grinned as I saw my friend Cameron making the loop over the jumps and catching air on most of them. She is getting so good that she may go to the city tournament this year for girls under fifteen. I launched myself off the rim throwing my weight forward and shot down the bowl side, feeling the adrenalin kick in and the wind blow my ponytail around. I rode up the side and then back down as I toured the oval and then I kick flipped with a perfect landing as everybody cheered. I followed my little buddy around for a while then we stopped to watch the bigger kids do their awesome tricks and tried to figure out how they were laying them down.

We worked on a couple of things, spinning and riding the rails, and toe stopping, until we got tired and went over into the shady area by the soccer field to sit and talk. We had been friends the last few years and we both were beginning to get cute little shapes with budding breasts and indications of what kind of figures we might wind up with. She was still a little plump where I was skinny but I had bigger nipples. I also had bigger cunt lips when they swelled than she did; she was a little slower developing down there than me.
Plus I was getting one of those rear ends that my dad said all guys liked, rounded and firm and sexy when I walked. I thought it was too big but I did notice boys looking after I passed occasionally, so I guess they liked what they saw which made my thighs get warm and my little breasts swell sometimes.

We went over and got some pop and then sat cross legged on the lawn near a guy and girl who were necking on a blanket, oblivious to the two little girls checking them out with big eyes and partly opened little mouths. We stared and Cameron leaned close to me and whispered, "Jan, those two are hot, don't you think?" I nodded as I felt my heartbeat increasing watching the guy start to slide his hand up her bare leg below the hem of her light summer dress. We held our breath as he kept slowly making little circles ever higher as she moaned while he kissed her and watched us out of the corner of his eye.

"God, Cam, he is getting her hot and he knows we are watching. Awesome, hunh?" I whispered as I heard her panting softly beside me. She reached down and took my hand and squeezed it hard as we continued to watch in awe.  

"Are you getting as turned on as me?" she whispered as I noticed her sliding her other hand up and down her leg unconsciously. We have masturbated together before and she always does that when she is getting really hot. I reached over and placed my hand on hers and she looked at me and then moved it under hers so my palm was resting on her white little thigh and her skin was really warm. 

"What are you doing?" I whispered as she started moving my hand higher and higher on her leg. Her loose board shorts were gaping open as she kept opening and closing her legs and I saw a flash of her white underwear with each move. Her tight tank top revealed the little nubs getting bigger and bigger as she panted and moved my hand closer to her leg opening.

"God, Jan, look!" She whispered urgently, and I turned back to see the guy's hand disappear completely under the girl's skirt. She was leaning back on her hands now with her head thrown back and moaning as he apparently was fingering her slit under her sundress. He smiled at us and then leaned over and kissed her as he reached down and loosened the bottom button on her dress. Then he worked his way up slowly so she wouldn't know what he was doing until her dress was open almost to her waist.

Then he pushed the fabric to the side nearest us and we gasped and Cam grabbed both of my hands in a vice grip when we saw that she wasn't wearing any panties and her shaven cunt was swelling as we watched him sliding his fingers up and down over her lips. The girl gasped as he grazed her clit and so did we as I felt Cam slide my hand up under her gaping pant leg and over onto her now moist panties. I looked at my little friend in shock. She had never tried to do anything with me before but apparently she was so turned on she didn't realize because she was staring at the guy and girl almost like in a trance and panting softly.

"Are you sure about this, Cam?" I panted softly as she shuddered when I ran my finger up and down her swollen little slit through the fabric

"Oh, God, Jan, he's gonna' undress her completely if she isn't careful!" she gasped as the guy winked at us and then undid the rest of the buttons so the dress fell away from her heaving body. She wasn't wearing a bra and her breasts were beautiful and firm with big nipples on the ends jutting in the air as she gasped and panted while he returned to finger her wet cunt. She was totally naked to our stares but shielded from the street by his big body lying sideways and supported on his left elbow next to her. As he worked on her, sinking more fingers up inside, he leaned down and whispered in her ear, and her eyes popped open and she whipped her head to look over at us and she blushed and gasped when she saw us staring at her.

Cam had my arm in a death grip now as she was unconsciously humping my probing fingers which I had slipped under her underwear and into her little tight slit. She rubbed her upper body back and forth against my shoulder to tease her rigid little nipples through her thin top as the girl slowly smiled, realizing what we were doing while we ogled her.
Then she once again leaned her head back and closed her eyes and raised and lowered her hips fucking the guy's fingers faster and faster as Cam continued to shove her little cunt harder and harder against my hand as I stroked her clit and fingered her lips. I slid my other hand down under my elastic waist band and jammed my fingers up into my own  hot cunt as the guy finger fucked his girl harder and harder until she was thrashing around on the blanket out of her mind riding the wave as it rose higher and higher in her straining body.

Then she jerked her hips up in the air and gasped loudly as the orgasm took hold and the contractions ran up and down her body. Cam gasped and shuddered as her little orgasm shook her small body and I came too as I muffled the scream that stuck in my throat until I thought I would die if it didn't get out. The guy watched us all grinning like a Cheshire cat as he chuckled and ran his hand up and down his girl's still quaking stomach. I pulled my wet fingers out and let Cam lick them as I tasted my own juices to see if the pineapple we ate last night really did make a difference, like Mom said, and I was pleased that it really did. Cam grinned and nodded as she finished and ran her tongue around her cute little mouth and over her full lips.

The couple got up and came over and said `hi', and that they hoped they would see us again at the park sometime, as the girl grinned and shook hands with us. Then we got up and slapped our boards down on the cement and surfed along back to my house and stormed into the kitchen to ask my mom for something to eat. She said `hi' to Cam and Cam grinned as my mom hugged her. Then Mom hugged me and then stood back looking down at me funny. I asked, "What? I didn't do it whatever it is."

"You look like you do after you have been doing you know what," she chuckled as she tried to avoid saying `after I cum' in front of Cam. I can't get much past my mom, ever; she is so observant and seems to have a sixth sense when it comes to my sexual activities. Maybe it's my `seg' look that I have for a while afterwards that my Dad says I always have. Cam looked at me with a puzzled expression and I just shrugged as we sat down to wait for our toasted cheese sandwiches.

"How did you do at the park?" Mom asked as she flipped the sandwiches in the frying pan, "learn any new tricks?" Cameron looked at me and I looked back and then we both broke up in a giggle fit thinking about the guy and the girl. "Yeah, Mom," I finally managed to say," We learned a lot of new stuff." That set us off again until tears came to our eyes.

 "Okay, you guys, what happened?"

Since I was a baby I have never had any secrets from my mom so I told her all about our day as Cam stared at me, blushing and gasping all the time. Mom just grinned and patted her on the head and said. "Don't worry, Cameron, your secret is safe with me, so don't be embarrassed, okay? Anything that is said in our house stays here."

"Well, my mom isn't that understanding. She would tan my hide if she knew I did anything like that." Cam said, "You guys are so neat, wish my family was like yours."

"If you came in the door and ran around naked it wouldn't bother us at all, right, Jan?" Mom said as she put the sandwiches on our plates. I nodded as I took a huge bite and munched as I grinned at my little friend who did the same.

"Yeah, Cam, want to take our clothes off and go skinny dipping after?" I asked as I took another bite.

"Yeah, if it's okay, that would be cool." She replied as she licked the grease off her fingers.

When we finished mom cleaned up while we raced up to my room. I tore my top and board shorts off as Cam did the same and then we raced back down the stairs giggling all the way and tore out through the back screen porch and raced naked to the pool edge and dove in with a loud shriek. We horsed around and dunked each other, and blew bubbles under the water at each other, until we ran out of gas and then we climbed out and flopped on the warm deck to dry off. We shivered and the water dripped off our noses as we lay there grinning at each other.

When we got warm we flipped over and let the hot sun warm our breasts and mounds and we opened our legs so the heat would get to our little cunts as we looked at each other, knowing we were both getting turned on again. I looked her body over and licked my lips when her nipples stiffened under my gaze and she wiggled her little hips to show me her swelling puffy cunt that was as white as mine and still `bald as a billiard ball' like mine, as my dad always says.

"I like your body, Jan," Cam said, "You have neat boobs and your cunt lips are bigger and puffier than mine."

"Yeah. But your slit is so neat and perfect, and your little nubs are longer than mine. They will probably be fantastic when you get older. How come you wanted me to do you today, you never wanted it before, even though I wanted to play with your privates since we met."

"I don't know, I just wanted you to. That couple really got to me, you know?"

`Duh, yeah, like you acted like you wanted him to be fucking you, you pervert!"

"I did not!"

"Did, too!"

"Did not!"

And we went on with that for a while until we both cracked up.

"Hey, Jan?" Cameron asked as she rose up on her elbows, "What's it like, you know, to lick somebody's cunt? You said you and your mom did it sometimes. Is it fun?"

I just looked at her and smiled as I said, "Cam, it is awesome, like ten times better that fingering yourself, okay?'

"Really? So can you show me how to do it?"

"Yeah, if you are sure that's what you want."

"Can we do it now? I am really horny again. Please, can you show me?" she whined.

"Okay, come on; let's go up to my room." We stood up and I took her hand and we walked naked across the lawn and into the house. Mom stopped us at the door and asked where we were going and I said, "Just up to my room to play, okay?" She stared at me for a moment with that `I know what you are up to' look and then smiled and whispered in my ear, "Be gentle, honey, she's new, remember." I nodded as Cam looked at me questioningly and I shrugged again as if to say, `you know parents, always giving advice.'

I closed the door so it was just ajar a little for air to come into my warm room, and then we climbed up on my big bed and sat looking at each other. I told her to lie back on the bed and spread her legs wide and then I slid over between them as she trembled slightly from anticipation and some fear, too. I started slow by kissing and licking her toes and insteps and then worked my way upward as I watched her eyes for signs of panic or disgust.  As I trailed my wet tongue up the insides of her thighs she panted softly,"Oh, God, Jan. That feels soo good, don't stop, ever, okay?"

I grinned up at her and slowly ran my tongue closer and closer to her cunt lips as she held her breath waiting for the first contact with her labia. When I just barely touched her lips she jerked and moaned with passion and tried to jamb my face further into her hot little cunt. "Easy, Cam, let me do it, okay?" She nodded and reached up over her head so her tight little stomach stretched invitingly to my hungry eyes. I slid up over her white little tummy and nipped lightly on her nipples as she panted and tried to look down and see what I was doing. "Just relax and tell me what feels good, okay?" I murmured as my tongue left little trails of moisture down her mound to her little clit where I was gently sucking and teasing it to swell.

"That feels wild. That, too. And there, makes my insides feel weird like I might explode or something." She rambled on as I slowly began to explore her inner folds and then probed her tiny opening with my tongue while I spread her outer lips with my fingers. As I continued to work her over she panted and wiggled under me, having the time of her young life, and begging me to keep going faster and harder until she gasped and squealed and jerked her hips against my face as she came with her body twitching uncontrollably.

"Woweee! That was awesome!" she giggled, when she recovered. "I like that, a lot. Do it again."

"Whoa, you horny little minx, I have to give my jaw a rest." I chuckled as I slid up on top of her and ran my tongue around over her cute little face and then kissed her softly. 

"Well, then let me do you, okay? I may not be as good but I bet I can make you cum anyway."

"Oh, yeah? You think so, hunh?" I giggled as I rolled over so she was on top of me, "Okay, just slide down and do what it felt like I did, and I'll tell you what feels good for me, okay?"

Cam slid down dragging her stiff nipples over my stomach sending chills up my spine. As she slid between my legs one nipple poked between my cunt lips and I jerked and gasped at the shock of it hitting my swollen little clit. "Do it again," I panted, "drag your nipple over my clit back and forth like that. Oh God, That is hitting just the right spot, more."

She drove me up the wall as I savored the little twinges running up and down my stomach and it wasn't long before I felt that familiar heat rush into my little cunt and I gasped as the orgasm came on slowly and then whacked me hard jerking my tummy and pelvic muscles so hard that I screamed so loud Cam looked up in fear thinking she had hurt me. I grabbed her hair and shoved her head hard against my throbbing cunt lips and bucked up and down as she licked and sucked the little amount of my juices that came out on her tongue. At that time I had no idea what a g spot was except that Mom told me my little fist hit it every once in a while and she squirted like crazy, scaring the devil out of me.

I pulled her up on my stomach and kissed her as she opened her mouth wide to let my tongue play around her teeth like I taught her which she loves to do now. Then we sat up and looked at each other and grinned. What a pair we were. Little did I know then that later on I would find another girl like her, named Angie, who would change my life forever.

Also, little did I know that my mom had been standing outside the door watching the whole thing, smiling with pride at her little daughter, so grown up she was teaching another little one about the art of making love to another girl.
















