   Angie and I were ready to celebrate of fifteenth anniversary.  As Ange was my second wife I felt that it deserved something special being married that long.  I told her we should leave town and she could pick the place we would go.  She picked a very expensive resort in the mountains, telling me she heard it was romantic and she had been told a lot about it.

   My wife was right as usual, the place was beautiful with lush grounds and posh rooms with big lanais which I noticed were shared by two rooms.  Before getting unpacked, we saw that our neighbors were sitting out in the lanai enjoying a cocktail.  We went out to meet a man and his wife who looked to be about our age.  After introducing themselves, they asked us to join them in a drink.  Jack and Mary as their names turned out to be said they had been here many times and knew we would enjoy ourselves.  I sat next to Jack as Mary insisted on helping Angie unpack.  Jack had his feet on the railing, looking over to me he said,
"Lance, I'm telling you this is the life, just wait until you watch the sunset out here, it's like no place else in the world."
   Our one drink turned into two, then the girls came back out, and we had two more.  After watching that fabulous sunset Jack had talked about, our neighbors invited us to dinner but Angie declined saying we had things to do before dinner and she didn't want to make them wait for us.  We went in and showered together with me washing Angie from head to toe and finishing with me sitting on the shower floor with Angie's pussy in my face.  My wife was in a frenzy she grabbed my hair with both hands holding my head steady as she rubbed her cunt up and down my face.  I lost count of how many orgasms she had but she finally pulled my head away saying she couldn't take anymore.  Ange said she was too unsteady to take care of me and I would have to do myself, getting out of the shower and leaving me to my own devices.  It didn't take me too long to make myself cum, and then I washed my face and turned the water off.

  We had a wonderful dinner with two bottles of wine along with the two cocktails I had before we ate.  We then went to the bar where I proceeded to get plastered.  I have no idea how we got home or what time we left the bar but I do know my wife was pissed.

   I awoke in the morning with my head aching and my eyes burning.  Still dressed in my clothes I got up and woozily got to the bathroom just in time to throw up.  When I came out I heard my wife talking to someone on the lanai, I walked to the door to say hi but stopped when I heard my wife telling someone how much of a lousy lover I was.  Then I heard Jack telling Angie how much he would like to show her what he could do for her.  I was pissed and I was ready to go out there and kick his ass when I heard my wife say,
"Oh yeah I would like that but I better not I would end up feeling guilty."
The talking stopped and I sneaked a peek outside to see what was happening.  Jack was kissing Angie and she had her arms around him kissing back.  My cock got hard as a rock as I watched this man making out with my wife.  I knew I should be mad, and I was but I was turned on more.  I heard Angie say she had better go check on me, so I dove back into bed feinting sleep.  She came in, rubbed my cheek and tussled my hair, then went back to the lanai.

   I lay there thinking about my first wife.  I thought we had been happy but when I caught her sleeping with another man I packed up and left.  After separating, I would lie in bed, fantasizing about watching her with this man, and then jack off.  The problem was my pride would not let me accept being my wife's cuckold and we ended in divorce.  Here I was thinking these thought again, I began to rub my dick as thoughts of Jack, and Angie went through my head.

   Angie came back into our room, she sat beside me, and I sat up and began to kiss the nape of her neck.  I could tell she was already aroused and when she reached for my cock, she seemed surprised to find it hard.
"Angie I was spying on you and Jack on the patio."
"Oh Lance I'm so sorry, but believe me we didn't do anything.  I stopped it before it got out of hand."
"But Angie, what I'm trying to tell you is that it turned me on, I was lying here fantasying about you two when you came back inside."
She began to rub my cock and as she looked me in the eye, she said,
"You're saying you want me to make love to Jack, You're saying it turns you on to think of Jack looking at my naked body and having his way with me."
"Yes dear, more than anything."
"Well that makes two of us then, come you can help me get ready."


   She put me to work; I shaved her body for her and then washed her in the shower as she leaned against the wall rubbing her pussy.  Next, I dried her off and then she had me paint her toenails as she continued to rub her pussy.  I helped her put on her sexy underwear that she had brought here for me.  She put on her little black dress and her black high-heeled pumps.  I asked her about Jack's wife and she told me that she had to go back to town and Jack was now here alone.  As she walked out the door, she told me not to wait up.
   As soon as she was out the door, my anxiety returned to me, I knew our marriage would never be the same.  Yet I was still so turned on I had to jack off and even after I had cum I found it arousing to think of my wife fucking another man.  Somehow, I finally fell asleep; I know this because I awoke to something wet on my face and my wife talking to me.
"Hello my little cuckold I hope you have been dreaming of me."
I realized see was rubbing my face with her panties,
"Can you taste Jack; my panties are full of his cum."  
Next, she pulled her panties off my face and replaced it with her pussy, letting her dress fall over my head.  My humiliation was now complete I was cleaning my wife's lovers cum from her cunt.  Angie picked up her dress to watch me eat my first cream pie.
"Look at your little dick grow, you like cleaning up after my lover don't you?"
She held her pussy off my face waiting for my answer, "Yes dear" was all I could say as I tried to get my tongue back inside her wet cunt.  She reached back and took a hold of my cock; I instantly came in her hand.  She spread my ejaculate around my face as I cleaned her lover's spunk. 

   Since that fateful night, I have become nothing a pussy whipped cuckold for my wife.  As I sink further and further into degradation my wife has become the dominate force in my life.  Although she still sees Jack, she has found two new lovers at her work.  She tells me that she brags to everyone at her work about how pussy whipped I am and now she is going to have a party and invite everyone from both our jobs to show me off.  My next humiliation will be a trip to the local sex shop where my wife will pick out a cock cage for me to wear.  I told my wife I would not do it but she just laughed at me and then said,
"We both know you will do whatever I tell you to do."
And you know what, she is right. 

