

                   Shelly and James
                    Chapter One




We had been married for eight years.  My wife Shelly was just as beautiful, if not more, as the day I first met her.  Her long blonde hair almost reaches the small of her back. I help her brush it at times and I am always amazed at how silky soft it is.  Her tight, toned, and firm body always turns me on too.

Our sex life, while not wild and unusual, was good.  We had sex about every day unless one of us was sick.  She had many times sucked me until I almost came in her mouth, but usually, if it went past my being able to stop, she would pull away and use her hand to jack me off.

She had in the past swallowed my cum on occasion, but really didnt care to.  We often tried new positions, sometimes getting very athletic at times.  She really loved to have me take her doggie-style, especially when I would finger her tight little bottom at the same time.

Once we started to try anal sex, but it hurt her too much.  She told me that anal sex would probably never happen for us because it was too painful.  Not even with her love for me.  I loved the tightness and feeling of heat there while fingering her.  I often pushed for anal sex, but she had so far said no way to that.

We openly talked about fantasies, which, when we were first married we didnt.  Over the years we had gotten more trusting of each other and then to jazz up the sex life we began to talk about our sexual fantasies. 

When we could we would act them out, and while not always great, they were good.  At one time or another we had talked about others joining in with us but those fantasies we never acted on. I think we didnt because we were both afraid deep down that the other might like the third partner more than us.

Just after our eighth anniversary I took Shelly out for dinner.  It was a Friday night and we went to an upscale restaurant.  Shelly dressed to kill, her choice of cloths enhancing her very hot body.  I could see men staring at her as she would walk by them. 

She had no bra on, so her breasts swayed a bit as she walked.  Her toned and seductive ass invited one to reach out and touch her.  I was right behind her and knew that if I hadnt been she would have been groped several times on our walk to our table.

She had braided her hair into one long pony tail and it had some colorful ribbons laced in it.  I could see that it was touching her back almost slipping into her dress at one point.  Her body was totally exposed except for where the shoulder straps held the scanty little material that made up the sides covered her ribs.  

The cut in front and back dropped as low on her as I had ever seen.  I could see her belly button in front and her tailbone in back.  When I had put my hand on her back walking into the restaurant, I had discovered that she had no panties on too. This knowledge gave me an instant erection.

To my memory, she had never gone without panties and rarely without a bra.  To know that all she had on was the black cloth of her scanty dress almost drove me to taking her right back to the car to fuck her right then and there.

We ate, and as we waited for the waiter to bring the check, Shelly sat back in her seat.  Secluded as we were in the back of the place, she began to tease me.  Her bare foot ran up my leg and began to press against my crotch.  She put her arms out on the bench seats back and spread them wide.  This pose coupled with the deep cut to her dress caused her nipples to just begin to show.  

My erection was quickly becoming painful and I was looking desperately for the waiter.  I want to get the check, pay it and get the hell out of there so I could get Shelly somewhere where we could really play.

Suddenly a voice came over my shoulder.  A stranger had walked up behind me and stepped around the post next to where I was sitting, seeing my wifes very enticing pose.  He whistled and in a soft drawl complimented her.

Honey, you have the greatest breasts I have ever almost seen.  Youre nipples look good enough to eat.  Ill bet you that your man here is one lucky son of a gun.

Shelly blushed and pulled her arms in to cover her chest up.  I smiled and just shook my head in agreement to his observation. He glanced at me and evidently took my smile as permission to say more.

Oh honey, dont do that.  Dont cover up those beauties.  You need to show them to the world cause theyre something to be real proud of.  What are they?  Id guess 36 Ds plus a little bit.  Am I right?

I was a bit surprised at his forwardness, and amazed at his accuracy of size guessing.  He hit her breast size on the head.  Shelly was a 36 D, edging toward a double-D cup.  She usually wore a bra because her nipples, while small in diameter, stuck out like little poles.

She had mentioned once that if she didnt wear a bra they would stick out hard from the stimulation of cloth rubbing on them. I had measured them once and when hard they were just over three quarters of an inch long.

Shelly was red faced now.  Her blush had traveled down to almost reach those breasts she was futilely trying to hide.  The man had stepped up closer and stood between us, me on his left and her on his right.

He was about six foot tall, slender yet broad shoulders.  His stomach looked like it was flat under his shirt and he looked to be in shape.  He looked at me and winked before apologizing for being rude.

Hey, I am sorry little lady.  I didnt mean to embarrass you.  You have the finest set of . . . breasts I have seen in a long time and I couldnt help myself.  I am apologizing to you too buddy.  I can tell that you must be husband and wife . . . the rings and all.  If she were my wife I dont think I would let her out of the house.  Nope.  Id keep her inside away from any other men for sure.

Im not embarrassed.  I was just showing my husband what he was getting later and didnt mean to show anyone else.  Im just surprised thats all.  You caught me off guard.

Maam, you caught me off guard for sure.  I usually dont make comments like I just did unless I am very surprised.  Youre one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen.  Honest.

My wife looked across the table at me with a look of lust and pleasure.  I looked up at him then back at her.  I had an idea suddenly and I was debating if I should or shouldnt attempt to put it into action.

Hey, would you like a drink?  My wife and I were just done and waiting for the check.  I think there is a nice bar right around the corner.  On me.

Well, that sure would be great.  Does that bar have a dance floor too?

Um, yes I think they do.  We will pay the check and be right along directly.  Its about half way down the street on your left.  Cant miss it.

Ill be waiting.  I hope that you will give me a dance little lady.  That would make my whole day for sure.  To have such a beauty in my arms if only for a minute.

My wife was stammering trying to catch my eye.  I didnt look at her thinking that I had to do some fast talking now to convince her to go to the bar with me and have that dance with this stranger.

He left us, heading right out the door.  Shelly looked at me like I had grown a second head or something.

James, what are you doing?  Inviting him to have a drink with us.  We dont usually go to a bar and have a drink.  Have you lost your mind?  After he more than obviously told us he likes my breasts you invite him for a drink? We dont even know his name for crying out loud.

Shelly, calm down.  Its just a drink and a dance.  It doesnt have to be anything other than that if you dont want it to be.

What are you saying James?  Youre not . . .  You are not thinking . . . James!  Surely you are not thinking of this going anywhere else are you?

Shelly, please, its just a drink with a good-looking man who is interested in you.  I am not saying that you have to do anything.  I was just thinking . . . well . . . if you were to want to . . . you know . . . that I wouldnt . . .

JAMES!  You cant be serious.  We dont even know this man.  While he may be quite good-looking, I dont know him at all.  He could be a serial killer or rapist for all we know.  Oh God, I cant believe that you would suggest that . . .

Hey hey hey, wait a minute.  I am suggesting only that we go have a drink or two with him, get to know him a bit.  You can dance with him once or twice.  Then, maybe, if you feel good about it . . . as long as I am there the whole time and everything.  I mean, we have talked about this in the past.  I guess I am willing to let you try out someone else just to see if . . .

I love you.  I dont need anyone else James.  You are all I need and more.

This guy is pretty hot looking Shelly.  I could see that you looked him over pretty well even while you were so embarrassed.  I think that you would look so hot on top of him.  As long as you didnt fall for him or something like that . . . I mean . . . as long as you still loved me afterwards, and stayed with me, well, to tell you the truth I would love to see you with another man.

She was looking at me with an incredulous I cant believe you are asking me to do this look.  I smiled and took her hands in mine.  Looking deeply into her eyes I tried my last shot at a fantasy we had both thought and talked about.

Look, you are my wife and I love you so much that to lose you would kill me.  I also love you so much that I would let you be with another man especially if it enhanced our love life too.  I would love to see you in his arms, naked.  I will still love you afterwards and I wont think anything of you other than you are my lover, my wife and my best friend.  You dont have to do this if you really dont want to or if it doesnt feel right to you.  I would like you to at least give it some thought.  If you decide not to, we have a drink and a dance.  If you decide to try it, we all go together to a motel and try something new and maybe sexually enlightening.

You wont think I am a slut or a whore if I should do something with this guy?

No, of course not.

You wont get mad or jealous and do something stupid in the middle of something if, and that is a very big if, I were to let him have me?

I promise that if I get jealous or upset for any reason, I will go in the bathroom and wait it out until you are done. If you should do something.

Well, it is just a dance and a drink otherwise.  I will still have my main man to take me home and fuck my eyeballs out too.  Are you absolutely sure about this James?  I dont want to do this and then have you divorcing me or calling me a slut or whore afterwards.

I promise you right now Shelly.  I will not call you any names, unless you want me to.  I will not divorce you.  I love you more than life itself but I think that this may be the greatest adventure we ever attempt.  If you did do something and liked it, this could open up a whole new level of intimacy for us. If it all goes to hell and isnt a good experience for us then we never do this again.  I promise you that I will still love and cherish you after Shelly.

I was so wound up inside as I came to the realization that Shelly was actually thinking about trying another man in front of me that I was about to cum in my pants.  I could tell I had put her fears to rest for the most part. Now I could see her thinking about that man who was waiting just around the corner and down the street.

She got up and taking my hand she pulled me up close to her.  Putting her arms around me tightly she kissed me hard.  Her tongue drove into my mouth as she crushed our lips together.  Breaking away with a rush of breath she looked into my eyes with a long and deep intimacy of knowing me as long as she had.

You really do want this dont you?

Yes

What if something went wrong?  You know . . . what if I were to fall for him or something?  Have you thought of that James?  Not that I would, but we have both read those stories about couples who have done this.  In some of them the wife has gone head over heels for the lover or lovers as the case may be.  Have you thought of that?

Yes.  That has been my biggest fear, but right now I feel that it is right and you wont leave me.  I also dont think you would hurt me in any way either.  I am willing to take the chance right now.  Later I may chicken out, but right now I am willing.  Please dont get love bitten though Shelly.  I truly meant what I told you, I would die if you left me or treated me poorly afterwards.

I do love you James and I guess I would like to experience another man.  A different cock may be something that brings us closer together too.  I guess I am willing to try this.  I have the same fears that you do, you know.  I just dont want to mess up what we already have together. If at any time you decide that you are not comfortable with what is happening I will quit for you, James.  Although I may have to at the very least give him a blowjob, since I wouldnt want to leave him hanging after building him up.  Not my style, you know that.

I understand Shelly.  I really do.  Shall we?

She took my offered arm and I paid the check as we left.  Walking down the street to the bar I felt Shelly shaking a bit.  Excitement?  Fear?  A combination of both?  I was shaking too, it could have all been me.

We arrived at the bar and it was hopping.  It took a bit to locate our new friend.  He was at a booth at the back of the club and he had drinks waiting for us.  As I went to sit, I made sure that Shelly slid in before me.  This put her between him and I, and either of us could take her out to the dance floor with relative ease.

I was worried that you had changed your minds.

Oh no.  Had to track down the waiter thats all.  I was afraid you might have gotten tired of waiting and left.  Oh yeah, by the way I am James and this is my wife, Shelly.
James, Shelly, Im John.  John Andrews.  Pleased to meet you both.   Um . . . do you live here or are you just visiting?

Live here.  Out for a night of fun.  You?

Visiting.  I had some business to attend to and was getting ready to head home day after tomorrow.  Thought I would take in the sites of the city.  Im really glad I did.  I would have been upset to find out that I had missed the best and most beautiful sight in the whole damn state.

Shelly blushed as he finished his spiel.  He laughed and then offered to get us our next drinks also.  Both Shelly and I had sucked our drinks down, probably from being so nervous as to what we had been talking about just a few minutes ago.

I volunteered to go get our drinks and he smiled as he handed me a wad of cash.

Are you sure you want to leave me alone with this beauty?

We are in a very public place, and anyway, I know your name now John.

He laughed and waved me off on my way.  Shelly gave me a little nervous look, but I figured that I needed to let him have a bit of time with her to let them get comfortable together.  I was gone for longer than I had thought and when I got back to our table John and Shelly werent there.  Then, looking around I saw Shelly on the dance floor with him.

It was a slow dance and he had her in his arms.  She was smiling and laughing as they swayed around.  I had a tiny burst of jealousy that quickly passed.  I was intrigued watching her in his arms.  

He was a good dancer and he led her around the floor with grace and ease.  His one hand on the small of her back his other holding her hand.  Shelly was pressed in close to him and her head was almost resting on his shoulder.

They turned around and when Shelly saw me I noticed that she pulled back a little bit from him.  John noticed and turned her some more and then smiled at me.  He swung her around and then began to move across the dance floor headed to the other side.

I watched as he maneuvered her through the crowd and pretty soon I lost sight of them.  I left the drinks sitting and walked over to where I could see them again.  Shelly looked around for me and when she didnt see me I could see that she was a bit troubled.  John was talking to her calming her I was sure. 

After a bit Shelly once again was resting her head on his shoulder.  He held her very close and then I noticed that he had dropped her hand and placed that arm around her back to join his other one.  

Her face turned into his neck and I could have sworn she had just kissed him.  His visible hand began to rub her back, moving around and around in small circles.  I could plainly see his other hand was under her dress in the back, rubbing her ass cheeks.

As the dance came to an end I almost ran back to our table in order to not get caught by them.  Shelly came up, her hair tousled a bit and smiling widely.  John got there a minute later.  They sat and we visited some more. 

I got up and took Shelly out on the dance floor on a slow song.  Her head nestled next to mine in a familiar and loving way.  I whispered that I watched them dancing and her kissing his neck.  She immediately got defensive until she realized that I was just telling her I had seen them, not angry or jealous, just a comment to let her know.

Oh James.  He is pretty smooth.  He compliments me and knows just how to hold a woman while dancing.  His touch is electric too. I think I may want to . . . you know . . . if you are still interested that is.

Hmmmm . . . his touch is electric is it?  Should I be worried here Shelly?

No, silly.  I am so excited what with what we talked about earlier and where this could lead.  I am trying very hard to be brave too.  What are you thinking James?

I am thinking about how I had a tiny jolt of jealousy when I saw you in his arms kissing his neck.  Then I realized that it wasnt something to be jealous about.  We have both talked about this and made the choice to see where this would lead.  I want to finish it Shelly.  I really want to go on with . . . well . . . wherever this leads to.

Then you wont get mad if I tell you he was feeling me up on the dance floor before you got back with the drinks?

Nope

You wont get mad if I tell you that I really want to see and touch and fuck his cock too?

Mad?  No.  I am so horny right now if you were to follow through and we took him to a motel room, got naked and you fucked him, I probably would cum without touching my cock.  The whole idea has me so hard right now I can hardly stand it.

I love you James.  I love you with my whole being.  You have my heart and soul.

I love you too Shelly and I already told you that you have my heart and soul too.  What are you thinking right now?

I am thinking that unless he really screws up, we are going to that motel room and I am going to fuck two men in one night.  Maybe even both at the same time if you two want to try that.

When Shelly said that I almost shot off in my pants.  I had to think about some other things for a moment to calm down.  I was surprised but happy that she had decided to try this other man.  I couldnt wait to get to that motel room now.

We finished our dance and went back to the table.  Shelly sat in close to John and we laughed and talked some more.  At one point I saw Shelly give a start and then glance at me with a touch of guilt.  I knew that John had just done something.

I excused myself to go to the bathroom.  As I walked by the back of the booth I saw John had his hand under Shellys dress. He had been fingering her pussy as I sat right there at the table with them. 

I went into the bathroom and had to wait to pee due to my hard-on.  I was in there for a longer time than I had planned and when I got out I saw John and Shelly on the dance floor again.  They stayed close to the table this time and as I watched them dance I saw John use every chance he could to feel Shellys body.  

Shelly was getting quite tanked too.  There were several drink glasses sitting on our table and most of them were the type that Shelly was drinking.  The dance floor was pretty crowded and John maneuvered Shelly over nearer to our table in a dark spot. 

Once there, he began to feel Shelly up with intent.  His hand on her back had slipped into her dress and he had to be fingering her asshole with the way the motion there was going.  His other hand had found its way to her breasts and he actually pulled her dress away to expose them both.

He leaned down and began to lick first one nipple then the other.  He soon sucked on one as his fingers rolled her other nipple between them.  I could see that Shelly wasnt even nervous anymore. She was letting him do whatever he wanted to her body.

This was something that Shelly had never allowed me to do.  She had always been very reserved in public.  The drinks and the excitement must have had this effect on her thought process though since she was just nestled in to him as he felt her up and exposed her.

The next dance was a slow one too and John kept her out on the floor.  He spun her around, to put her back to his front.  His head came around her shoulder and he kissed her ear, moving to her neck.  His hands were on her belly holding her in tightly to his body.  Her breasts were still both exposed, hanging out for all to see.

I could see her chest heaving as she put a arm up and around behind her head to grasp the back of his head and pull him farther around to her face.  Her tongue came out and she then slipped it into his mouth, kissing him fully.  As she did this he took a hand and slipped it down her belly to rub  her crotch, under the dress.  

They stood there swaying to the music, not moving around much at all. Shelly was tonguing him deeply and not breaking away from the kiss.  I could see that her nipples were both standing out from where I sat.

John placed a hand directly on one of her breasts, cupping it just underneath.  His next move surprised me and made me realize that Shelly was very drunk and horny.  He tugged on the shoulder strap on one side of her dress and then it fell.  He moved to the other side and did the same thing.

Shellys dress slipped down and as the straps caught by her elbows, I could plainly see her breasts and her pussy.  His move had caused my wife to be totally exposed. The bottom hem on her dress had gone from upper-mid-thigh to just below her knees.  John had two fingers in her pussy and was stroking her deeply.  His other hand had taken a breast in his hand and held it up in the soft light that played down on it.

He then moved Shelly in a long slow circle, and as I watched, the other people on the dance floor near them stopped dancing and just stared at them.  I couldnt believe that Shelly was letting John do this in front of other people, let alone me.

As soon as that dance ended he took her hand, leaving her dress as it was and pulled her along behind him to come sit at the table.  Shelly slipped in past me and her hand went to my crotch as she got settled.

Mmmmm. Someone else is hot tonight too. I have two men hot and bothered.  So, whats next boys?

John slid over to be right beside Shelly.  Looking at me he took a hand and cupped her breast on his side.  He nodded at me.  Getting his drift, I slid closer and did the same to Shelly on the other side.  

Shelly sat there, a man on either side of her holding her naked, beautiful, hard nippled breasts in their hands.  People were walking by and staring at us.  A few men tried to get invited to our party, but John put a stop to that quickly.  He told them that her card was filled up, go find their own woman to play with.

So, your wife seems to be ready to take this to the next level James.  How about you?  Are you comfortable with this so far or do you want to quit and call it a night?

Lets go to the next level as you so aptly put it John.  I think that Shelly is ready and so am I.

Shelly moaned loudly as I said that.  Looking down I saw that John had begun to finger my wife again. He glanced at me for an instant and then bent to take her breast in his mouth.  I saw his lips clamp around Shellys nipple.  That hard nipple, begging for attention.  

Not able to resist the breast in my hand I leaned in and did the same.  Shelly held our heads to her chest as we sucked and licked her breasts.  Her moans were growing in volume and pretty soon a waitress came up to me and asked us if we would either stop what we were doing or leave.

I noticed that she waited a bit before saying anything.  Her tongue slipped along her lips as she cleared her throat to speak to us.  I also saw that her nipples were standing out just like Shellys were too.  I guess this spectacle had turned on more than just us.


John stood up, grabbing his coat and Shellys.  I stood and left a tip on the table.  As I stepped out I had to go around the waitress who was still staring at Shelly.  Shelly had stood up and her dress was still down around her elbows and knees.  Her pussy and breasts fully and openly in view of whoever wanted to see.  John placed Shellys coat around her shoulders and I took her hand.

Leading Shelly through the club I saw a few men copping feels of Shellys breasts as we would walk by.  Shelly was moaning pretty loudly at one point when the crowd held us up.  Looking back I saw John had slipped his hand to her crotch and was fingering her again as we stood still.  A couple of other men had reached up and were grabbing her breasts and pinching her nipples.

Shelly just stood there, eyes closed and let them.  I knew that if we didnt get her out of that bar and right away, she would be the center of one hell of a gangbang.  John caught my eye and I could see that he was getting a bit worried about the same thing too.

We had better get out of here as soon as possible James.  We may have one hell of a time if we dont.

Yeah, thats what I was just thinking John.

We hustled Shelly out and almost ran down the street.  About three blocks away was a motel sign blinking a vacancy.  I ran in and got us a room and then we headed off to continue our adventure.  Shelly was a bit cooled off by now, but still urging us to hurry. 

We got in the room and I turned to lock the door.  When I turned around, Shelly was naked and on her knees.  Her dress puddled on the floor where she had stepped out of it.  John had undone his pants and as they fell to the floor, Shelly had taken his cock in hand and was just now beginning to suck on him.

I about shit when I saw his cock.  It was huge.  I was worried about that for an instant wondering if Shelly had bitten off more than she could chew, so to speak.  John pushed her back and finished undressing.  

Shelly was moaning and never took her hand off of his very large cock.  Her fingers didnt even come close to encircling it because it was so fat.  It looked to be about ten or eleven inches long too.  Shelly immediately stuck her mouth over the head of it as soon as John sat back down on the bed.

I was amazed when she managed to get about six inches into her mouth.  Then, as I watched she showed me that I hadnt seen anything yet.  My loving precious wife continued to work on this mans cock.  Bit by bit taking in more on each down stroke.

Pretty soon she was taking in all of it.  Clear to the base.  I couldnt believe it.  Yes, she had learned to take all of me into her throat, but I was only seven inches long and pretty slender.  This guy was three or more inches longer and far bigger around than I and she managed to take all of him in a short while.

I could see the head of his cock as it went into her throat as it pushed outwards against her flesh there and left a rolling movement that outlined it on her downstroke.  I sat down, breathless, watching as my formerly prim and proper wife sucked a strangers cock like a thousand-dollar-a-night call girl.  Her nipples were hard and sticking out farther than I had ever seen before.

Her pussy was running juices down her legs to her knees in small streams.  I got up and undressed.  John was laying back enjoying a world-class blowjob.  His hands were in her hair and he held her as she took him in and out.  I knelt behind her and taking a finger, began to finger fuck her pussy.  I kept time with her motions on his cock.

The faster she went on him the faster I went on her.  Pretty soon she was blazing along at a good clip and moaning loudly around his cock.  I moved in closer and put the head of my cock just inside her pussy lips.  I held that distance, her lips just covering my head.

She began to really move around, trying to get me to plunge into her pussy.  I held off, watching her suck John.  As I saw him begin to get close to cumming, I slid into my wife.  She was as hot and wet as I had ever felt her before.  I bottomed out in her pussy and she moaned, taking all of John into her throat.  He had started to pinch her nipples, tugging on them as she sucked him.  

Pretty soon he began to shake and I could see his cock flexing when Shelly had pulled back to the head of his cock.  I began to ram in and out of her pussy as she waited a brief moment then went all the way back down on his cock.  Next thing I knew, she was swallowing fast. 

John had started to cum deep in her throat and she held her head down, taking all of his cum into her throat and was swallowing it.  He moaned as he filled her and then I saw a little trickle running out of the corner of her mouth.

He had so much cum that she hadnt been able to keep up with the flow.  She lost some running down her chin.  Her fingers went up to scrape it off her chin and after he finished cumming she pulled off of him and licked her fingers clean.

She turned to look into my eyes and began to beg me to fuck her hard and fast.  That coupled with a glimpse of white cum on her tongue caused me to begin to cum too.  Shelly was shaking hard as I shot off, pressed deeply into her pussy as I could.  

I filled her up and then held still while she finished cumming too.  Afterward I slid out and sat on the floor with my back against the dresser in the room.  Shelly returned to licking and sucking Johns cock.  

He sat up a bit and watched her tongue going over his cock, bathing him in her saliva.  His hands went to her head again as she got lower on his cock and pretty soon she was licking his balls.  He laid back and put his feet up on the bed, spreading them.  This gave Shelly access to him fully.

The next thing I knew she was licking down and down and then she was licking around his ass.  I couldnt believe it.  She had never shown any interest in doing something that nasty with me.  Of course I had never asked her to either.

John moaned, getting hard again.  He pulled on her and soon she was straddling him.  His long hard cock standing up as she held it.  Shelly raised up on her knees enough to get the head of his cock situated and then she began to work that monster into her very tight pussy.

Several times she stopped and held very still as she got used to his size.  After a long, slow, and careful time, she was fully down on his cock.  He had reached up to caress her breasts as she sat there moaning, eyes closed.

Ohhh . . . I am so stuffed.  God, your cock is touching me in places I have never felt a cock before John.  Ohhh . . . God, I love this.  Mmmmmm.  Yessss!

John laid there his cock fully in my wife, his hands on her breasts.  He was touching her inside where I had never been.  Virgin territory to a cock.  I was a bit jealous at that moment.  Then I was a bit afraid.  Would this huge cock steal my wife away from me?  Had I just lost Shelly to a large cock?

I sat there, stunned and quiet.  I was not sure what I should do.  I began to think about what she had said about if I decided that I didnt like what was happening.  If I asked her to quit now would she?  What about John?  What if he began to talk her into being his slut or something?

Jan had begun to hump up and down on him, long full strokes.  I could see her pussy lips pulling out and then rolling in on each movement.  He was stretching her pussy.  Her juices were shiny and beginning to trickle around his cock to run down her legs.  Even her little asshole was opening up due to his stretching of her.

She moved faster and faster her moans becoming words.  Breathless words mumbled into the air to any who could hear.

Mmmm . . . so full . . . God . . .yesss . . . fuck me . . . deeper . . . oh God . . .fuck me . . . oh fuck meeee . . . so good . . . love your cock . . . yessss . . .

Whatever I had thought about asking her to quit now left my mind.  I knew with the way she was acting and talking about his cock, she was not going to quit now.  She was beyond quitting, beyond listening to even me.

I sat back in my chair and just watched as the love of my life began to beg and moan and beg some more for that giant cock.  She wasnt even on this planet at this moment in time.  She was in nirvana, running to catch her release on this monster cock.

I watched as she came once, then again, then several more times.  John kept her upright, guiding her shoulders as she fucked his cock.  All at once, after another particular big orgasm, Shelly fell forward on John, her head on his chest.  He held her in a hug and then rolled her over to be under him.

Shelly had her eyes closed as he began to drive his cock in and out of her pussy with  ever quickening speed.  He was not being gentle and he was actually moving her whole body up the bed as he rammed her.

Shelly began to cum and cum in one long huge orgasm as John kept up his steamrollering fucking.  Her chest was a rose colored blush and her breath was ragged.  He kept up the pace for longer than I thought anyone could have.

He finally slowed down and stopped, pulling out of her pussy with a squishing noise.  I could hear her moaning for him to fuck her more.  She wanted more of his cock.  

Ohhhh . . . dont stop . . . please John . . . dont stop . . . I need more of your cock.  John!  Please fuck me . . . dont stop now I am close to cumming again.

He took her legs and pulled them up and over spreading her lewdly, and causing her ass to roll upwards.  Then, while I watched, stunned and unable to react, he began to push his cock into her tight little asshole.

I couldnt believe that Shelly wasnt fighting him off.  As far as I knew she was a virgin there. Instead of fighting him she reached up and grabbed her ankles and drew her legs back even farther.  He let loose of her legs and then with his hands on either side of her, he drove his cock into her ass with one long slow shove.  

Shelly moaned and then groaned.  Her face screwed up in a painful grimace for a minute until he was fully buried in her. Once he was all the way in her, his balls against her cheeks, he stopped and held still.

Watching her face, he waited until her grimace went away before beginning to move cautiously back and forth in her tender tightness.  Shelly was moaning and holding her legs spread wide.  Her nipples looked like they were about to bust they appeared so hard.

I couldnt believe that he had gotten that huge shaft up in her asshole like he had.  I also couldnt believe that Shelly was laying there accepting it, hell, even beginning to like it.  He stroked in long slow strokes.  In, then out, in then out.

Shelly began to beg for more from him.  He sped up.  She begged harder and faster.  He sped up some more.  Pretty soon she was hollering at him to fuck her asshole harder . . . faster.  He complied.

At this point she was jerking with each full stroke into her that he took.  He was ramming in and out, her little hole pulling along with his shaft.  I was afraid he was going to turn her inside out.  Shelly began to cum harder than any time tonight.  He drove in and out and pretty soon he shook as his cum shot out and filled her asshole.  I saw white cum flowing out around where his cock entered her tightness.  

I was shell-shocked.  My wife had just become a whole different person right before my eyes.  All it had taken was a huge cock and she had changed in many ways.  Actually hearing her begging to be fucked in her ass  was something I had never had the pleasure of hearing before.  I was a bit hurt at how well she had jelled with him during all of this.  

I went into the bathroom and washed my face, trying to calm my nerves.  I was afraid that I had just lost my wife to this guy with a huge cock.  I was afraid that I had pushed into an area that I should have stayed way away from.  Much had changed tonight between us, of that I was sure.

I stayed in the bathroom for quite a while.  I heard them fucking again, my wife moaning and begging him for more. He was talking to her in low tones, I couldnt make out what he was saying.  I hoped it was not something I was going to regret.  I heard them quiet down and then someone knocked on the door.

Hey man, I need to get in there.  You okay in there?

Yeah.  Ill be right out.

I stepped out to see my wife laying spread eagled on the bed, cum running out of both her pussy and ass.  Cum all over her face and in her hair too.  He must have pulled out and shot off on her face at the last minute.

Shelly opened her eyes to look into mine.  I could see that she knew something was wrong with me.  I saw her put a hand to her face, covering her mouth.  I thought she was going to start crying for a minute.

I sat heavily down on the adjoining bed and just stared at my wife.  Cum from another man all over her face, her hair, her pussy and ass.  He had claimed her like I never would be able to.  I was feeling out of sorts.  I had enjoyed it up until I saw how she was reacting to him as he fucked her alone.  

Shelly sat up and then came over to sit by me.  Her arms went around my shoulders as she hugged me tightly.  I felt slippery stuff on my cheek and realized that it must be his cum on her face.  She took my head in her hands and held me to face her. 

As I looked at her, she pressed her lips against mine and kissed me.  I kissed her back and then, without thinking, I stuck my tongue into her mouth.  She responded and we were soon lost in each other.

I knew at that moment she still cared for me.  I hadnt lost her like I had thought.  She had just been caught up in her pleasure and the intensity of the experience.  I hugged her to me and we sat there kissing and holding each other.  

I began to get an erection as we sat together.  I felt her hand slip down my back to come around and caress my cock.  With each light touch of her hand my cock throbbed vibrantly.  She broke our kiss and looking into my eyes she began to masturbate me.  Her grip, while firm, was soft and just light enough that it was beginning to drive me nuts.  I had slipped my hand down to finger her pussy as she jacked my cock. 

Shelly looked at me and with a few soft words began to take me where I had never been with her before.

I so love you James.  I want to give back to you as you have given to me tonight.  I got the idea tonight earlier with John, but I really want to give this pleasure to you.

She pressed my shoulders back forcing me to lay down.  Her hands grabbed my legs and brought them up, putting my feet next to my butt.  Then, pushing my legs back even more, she began to lick and suck on my cock.  Her tongue traveled the length of me, teasing and caressing my hardness.

Her touch was feather light.  I closed my eyes and then felt her tongue begin to slip down to caress my balls.  Then her head moved down farther still and suddenly, her tongue was licking and caressing my asshole.  It was a feeling I had never thought would be so erotic and sensual. 

I almost came as she stiffened up her tongue and forced it inside of me.  I could feel her tongue fucking my hole her nose brushing my balls at the same time.  Her hands fell to grasp my cock and stroke me as her tongue continued bringing me such pleasure.

I felt my orgasm approaching, and Shelly noticed that too.  She kept up her tonguing of my ass and her hands began to move faster and faster on m y cock.  Just as I began to cum she pulled her head up and back, aiming my cock right at her face.  As the first spurt of my white fluid shot out she opened her mouth and took it straight onto her tongue.

I watched my wife, her mouth wide open, taking my cum, letting it build up on her tongue.  Then on my last spurts she aimed it on her face, closing her eyes as I blasted her all over.  In her hair, on her nose, eyelids, cheeks and then onto her breasts too.

Afterwards, as I lay there, she sat up over me and began to rub my cum into her skin on her breasts.  She then took a finger and scrapped up the cum on her face and looking into my eyes, began to lick it off of her finger in a slow and sexy show of love and passion.

Mmmm . . . you taste . . . better.  James, I have just found out that I like the taste of your cum.  I think I always have, but I was afraid of letting you know because I guess I thought you would think I was a slut or something.

Oh baby, I would never have thought that of you.  You are my love.  The love of my life.  Even more than ever now.  I love you Shelly.  With all my heart.

I love you too James.  More and more with each passing day.  Are you all right with what we have done tonight so far?

Yes.  I will admit that I was worried there for a while, the way you reacted to Johns cock and then letting him take your  ass and all, but you just reassured me.  God I love you so much.

I could see you were troubled a moment ago.  I was afraid I had lost you.  John is a great fuck, but I dont love him.  I love you James.  Only you.  No matter what should happen I want you to remember that.  I go home with you.  Always.

John came out of the bathroom.  He had taken a shower.  Shelly went in and pretty soon I heard her showering also.  John and I talked a bit, learning more about one another.  He was surprised to find out that this was the first time Shelly and I had opened up our relationship to include anyone else.

The first time and you chose me?  I am honored.  Your wife is a very beautiful woman.  Probably the most beautiful woman I have ever been with.  Her body is perfect. Her hair . . . well, I wanted to have her jack me off with that hair wrapped around my cock. She is also very talented too.  I have never had anyone take my whole cock down their throat before.

Yes, she is full of surprises.  I have loved her from the first time I ever saw her.  I was a bit worried for a bit there when you two were going at it.  I thought that I may have lost her to you and your cock.  But I know better now.  She is my wife still and forever.

You are a lucky man James.  A very lucky man.  She is a Goddess with a bit of, well, slut in her.

I know what you mean.

Shelly came out, naked.  Her body was shiny clean and her hair had been let out of the pony tail and while still damp, was spreading across her back.  Golden light shining in the room.  Her nipples were sticking out hard still.  

She came up to stand in front of me.  Taking my hand in hers she stood me up.  Leaning in she whispered that it was my turn to shower now.  Her and John would be waiting for me.