I'm writing this shirt story of my first threesome that led to me becoming a hotwife with my husband Mike. The story is based on an actual event, but names have been changed. It's something that I'll always remember and always gets me excited so I thought it's time for me to share.
Mike and I had been dating only for a couple of months. He was tall, dark haired, and handsome. He worked out often to stay in shape, even had a six pack. He was the guy that easily caught a woman's eye whenever he went anywhere. On top of that, he was extremely caring and kind. A really good catch! I often wondered how I got so lucky to be dating him.
I'm more your average girl, I'm in good shape but by no means athletic. I'm about 5'6", 140 pounds with a 34C chest with long brown hair. I have a nice flat stomach, but definitely have some curves in my hips and butt. People often are most attracted to my smile and usually feel really comfortable with me right away. I have a very laid back style to go with my looks, jeans and a t-shirt are my go to.
We were both in our late twenties and our relationship definitely started out very hot and heavy. The sex was amazing! Nothing was boring or ordinary like all of my past relationships. But we also had a very special connection. I felt very early on like I knew this could be a great thing.
One night, Mike and I went out to a bar and got a little tipsy. We danced a little and he was getting a little grabby pulling up my skirt on the dance floor. I could tell he was really horny so played along and teased. Feeling his hands running up my body was turning me on too. I could feel the bulge inside his pants growing as my butt rub on him. I couldn't wait to get home and honestly fuck the shit out of him!
Well later that night, after we had our fill, Mike rolls over in bed and asks me to tell him my biggest fantasy. I didn't really have any... I had everything I wanted! Things were amazing so I couldn't imagine anything better. I got a little afraid that he wasn't happy, but I asked him what his fantasy was anyways.
It was then that he first told me he wanted to watch me with another guy. I was shocked! How could he want to see me sleep with another guy? Did he want to sleep with another girl? Why would I cheat on him? Did he not respect me?
Before I could really say anything, he went on to explain how he didn't fully understand the dynamic or why it turned him on, but that part of it was about the being so sexual that there is no way 1 guy could satisfy her and about seeing the pleasure sex with other guys would bring her. It wasn't about degrading anyone, but the turn on for him was seeing the pleasure.
I told him how surprised I was and how I would need some time to process that. I had only been in traditional relationships and never thought about something like this. I knew I would never want my man sleeping with someone else, so I just thought it would be the same the other way around.
In the next few days, once I got past the initial shock, I thought about Mike's fantasy. I guess it wasn't wrong or cheating if he wanted me to do it and we were honest with each other. I mean cheating isn't just sex, but it's actually lying and going behind your partners back. So I figured I was ok with that part.
But I still wasn't sure about sleeping with another guy. I was by no means a prude, I had had my fair share of one night stands in the past. But I always thought I was moving towards a committed relationship and this was a new idea to me. I thought of sex as a more private affair, but I guess that most of that was simply because that's what society said was normal.
I decided to tell Mike that I'd be willing to try things out, but that I didn't want pressure that night. I wasn't sure how far I could actually go. He really appreciated that I was being open and told me that he would never push me to do more than I was comfortable with.
The next couple of weeks went by as normal, but we'd talk a little bit more in bed about how he wanted to see my lips around another man's cock as I was giving him a blowjob. Or how he wanted to see me lower myself onto another man. Each time we brought this up I noticed a light in his eyes. He was always rock hard at the thought and that made me really excited.
I decided it was time to put a plan into motion and if this was going to happen, it would be something that I wanted. I booked a hotel suite in the city for the following Friday. I just told him to be ready for a fun night out and to meet me in the city after work at 8.
Since this night was about me, I took Friday off and treated myself to a facial, manicure and pedicure, and even got a Blowout during the day. I went to the local lingerie boutique and bought some new lingerie, the type that is definitely for special occasions and not every day. Then I checked into the hotel and relaxed for a little while before deciding it was time to start getting ready. I decided to go a little heavier on the makeup than usual as though I would be in pictures. Then I put on my new Lingerie, a very sexy sheer black bra and matching panties along with black thigh high small fishnet stockings. I wore a short mini skirt, barely covering the top of the thigh highs along with a flowing sleeveless blouse that I left open one more button than I normally would have.
It was 7:30, so I text Mike and told him to meet me at the hotel bar. He still had no idea what we were up to that night or that I had got us a Suite. I decided to go down a little early and get a drink before he arrived. There weren't many people at the bar so I easily was able to get a glass of chardonnay. An older gentleman at the other end of the bar kept stealing glances at me, which made me feel good. I felt sexy in my outfit but it was good to know that it was also doing its job and attracting other men.
Mike walked in while I was enjoying my second glass of wine.
"Wow! You look amazing! What's so special about tonight?" He asked.
"I just figured we'd have some fun in the city since we don't come in to enjoy the nightlife that often and I thought I'd dress up for you a little. Do you like?"
"Oh my god yes! That dress is amazing!"
"Wait till you see what's under it." I teased.
His face lit up. We enjoyed a couple of drinks and some finger food while I took a few opportunities to tease him. Before we knew it, it was already 11 and time to go.
I stood up, grab Mike's hand and told him "I have a surprise for you."
I led him down the block to one of the city's nicer gentleman's clubs, went straight to the front of the line and in. The bouncer, seeing my dress, had no problem with us going to the front.
Mike simply asked, "What are we doing here Sarah?"
"I thought we could have sexy night out."
I could see he wasn't going to argue. So we grabbed a table next to a group of guys that were probably in mid twenties. Instantly I was getting looks and could see them making comments to each other. This was perfect.
Mike got the attention of the cocktail waitress and ordered a couple of drinks. While he was distracted, I took the opportunity to start up conversation with the guys next to us. I found out that they all work together but half of them commute into the city. That explained why they were still in suits.
Mike turned back around and joined in the conversation. The night proceeded as you would expect. In and out of conversations with the group, a few table dances, even I got one. I could tell Mike really liked watching me get a dance. The group next to us was hooting and hollering too.
I decided that this was my opportunity. I asked the girl to give a dance to the boy next to me after. She simply without saying a word slid over and continued dancing but in front of him. I slid over on the booth so I was right against him, leaned up and gave him a peck on the check and said "You're Welcome"
He simply grinned back while Mike gave me the look saying, "Where's mine?"
I smiled and just said "Don't you worry hunny!"
After the dance, the gentleman thanked me and asked "What was that for."
I explained to him that I noticed he was very respectful all night and that he was the only guy that didn't get a dance. "Do you have a girlfriend?"
"No, I just am a little more laid back so I let the other guys have their fun."
"I see. I'm sorry, I forget your name" I said. They all had introduced themselves when we first sat down, but I couldn't keep straight who was who.
"Josh"
"Nice to meet you again Josh"
The conversation continued and Mike joined in. I could tell Mike was excited about me sitting so close to Josh as he kept giving me this excited questioning look. We all took a few shots, enjoyed some good laughs and got a few more table dances. Most of Josh's group had left so I took the opportunity to shift the conversation, "I've always wanted to do a strip dance."
Both Mike and Josh looked at me excited and started telling me how hot that would be and how they'd tip well to see that.
I grinned at them and said, "Well boys, I have a room at the hotel down the street. Should we go and I'll give you a show?"
Josh looked at Mike, who instantly perked up. "Hell yes! Let's go!"
We all got up and started walking. The boys followed me, teasing and joking. Mike tried to pull my skirt up a couple times to where I had to slap him away and tell him patience teasingly. I told him to pick out a song and get it ready on his phone because I was going to start dancing right away in the room.
We got to the room and I just said, "Take your seats boys!"
Josh sat on the sofa and Mike sat in the arm chair next to it. Mike started playing some music, I really can't remember what song it was because I was so anxious and excited about what I was about to do. I had never given a lap dance before but I figured boys are boys and they really don't care much about the dancing.
I walked over and bent over Mike to give him a deep, long kiss while making sure that Josh was getting a great view of my butt. I stood up, pulled my hair back into a tight pony tail, and slowly started dancing while looking Mike right in the eyes. I ran my hands up and down my body, turning back and forth between Mike and Josh. Slowly, I started undoing the buttons on my blouse as they both eagerly watched.
I turn to Josh and stood right in front of him as I slowly opened my blouse and let it fall to the ground, exposing my chest in my sheer black bra. I saw his eyes just stare at my nipples as I continued dancing for him. My nipples were hard from the excitement of showing off to another man in front of my boyfriend.
I reached around back and unzipped my skirt. I stepped forward so I was right against the couch in front of Josh, bit my lower lip and smiled at him. I pushed the skirt down and let it fall to the floor before stepping out of it. He looked me up and down, keeping his hands on the couch. I could see the lust the in his eyes.
I took my time dancing in my lingerie for them. I wanted to make sure I got good use of the new attire and they took it in. I went back and forth between them slowly.
Then I walked back to Josh and pushed his knees apart with my knees. I slowly and seductively turned around before bending over so my ass was only 6 inches from his face. I slowly lower to sit on his lap while facing Mike still. I ground on him and could feel his cock growing through his pants.
I reached and undid my bra and let it fall off before throwing it at Mike's face. I gave him a wink and then leaned back on Josh. My head was right next to his as I reached up and ran my hands through his hair. He was looking over my shoulder and had a clear view of my naked chest. I grabbed one of his hands off the couch and placed it directing on my breast. I wanted to show him I wanted him to touch me.
He played with my hard nipple as I grinded on him. I looked over and saw Mike rubbing himself through is pants. I spread my legs and started rubbing myself through my panties. I could feel how soaking wet they were. I was sure how I'd feel but I was I extremely turned on lap dancing for my boyfriend and another man. I could feel how heavy Josh was breathing under me.
I took Josh's hand, stood up, and placed his finger under the strap of my panties. Together we slowly pulled them down to my ankles so I could step out of them. I turned around and pulled his head forward against my stomach as I continued to dance. I could feel his hands running up and down my legs and ass. I stepped back a little bit and took one of his hands. I guided it between my legs and let it just get a brief feel for how wet I was before I pushed him back into the sofa.
As I continued dancing, I lowered myself onto my knees in front of him and started running my hands up and down his chest and thighs. I let one hand start focus on rubbing his cock which was now rock hard inside his pants. I took two of his fingers and placed them in my mouth and seductively licked them. I heard him moan gently.
At the beginning of the night I thought this was a good plan for me to play around because if I wasn't comfortable I could easily stop here and I knew Mike still would have been turned on. But I was so horny at this point that I really couldn't help myself as I unzipped Josh's pants, reached inside and pulled out his rock hard cock. It felt so good in my hand! He wasn't a monster but definitely above average in both length and girth. I looked right into Mike's eyes as I stuck my tongue out to lick the head of Josh's cock. I ran my tongue up and down the entire length of it and then without breaking eye contact with Mike, I smiled and slowly wrapped my lips around Josh's head. I couldn't believe it! I was giving another guy head in front of my boyfriend and Mike was watching with so much excitement he looked like a kid that just went to his first ever candy shop.
I took my time and just focused on enjoying Josh's new dick. I wasn't sure if I'd be able to take the whole thing in my mouth but I really wanted to try. I worked up and down and every once and while slowly went deeper and deeper until I got it all in. I couldn't wait to feel this inside me!
I stood up, looked at Josh and told him to take his clothes off. Then I walked over to Mike and gave a big deep kiss again. He was so turned on he didn't care that I just had another man's cock in my mouth. I think he liked it actually. I leaned back and asked, "Did you like that baby?"
He shook his head yes with a devilish grin on his face. I reached down, found his pants were already undone so I pulled them down with his boxers. I got up and told him to take the rest off. Then returned to Josh who was standing behind up, took him in my arms and kissed him. I pulled him down onto the couch and let him kiss me all over. He made his way down and looked up at me when his head was between my legs as though he was checking to make sure. I grabbed his head and pulled his face into my vagina.
Mike had finished undressing and started kissing my chests and sucking on my nipples while Josh was eating my out. I was going to loose it, I had two guys focusing solely on pleasuring me right now and I couldn't contain myself. I moaned in ecstasy as I ran my hands through Josh's hair while he skillfully licked my clit with his tongue. After a few minutes I literally couldn't take it anymore and had my first intense orgasm! I had never thought an orgasm could feel as good as that one did!
I needed a break. I had them stand up and knelt down between the men. I grabbed a cock in each hand and started alternating back and forth between them. It was so hot having two dicks to use to pleasure me and have my fun with. I couldn't believe I was not only letting this happen, but directing it and loving it.
I stood up, still holding onto the two cocks and stated that I needed to be fucked. I walked to the bed, laid on my back and held Josh by his dick between my legs. I looked at Mike and asked, "Are you ready for this? Please let this happen."
I just saw the excitement in his eyes as he looked at me and nodded yes quickly. I watched him intently watch as I took Josh's cock, placed the head between my lips and slowly spread them apart and felt him fill me. I let out the deepest moan. Mike instantly leaned over and started making out with me showing me that he truly did love seeing this. He then repositioned himself so he was next to my head. I held onto his cock and Josh slowly pulled in and out of my pussy. I was in heaven. I turned my head and placed Mike in my mouth and Josh started fucking me a little faster. It felt so amazing to have a cock in my mouth while I was being pushed back and forth by Josh's thrusts. I felt like such a little slut but surprisingly it felt amazing. It felt like I was able to shed all my inhibitions and truly just enjoy the pleasure of sex for sex.
It didn't take very long of Josh fucking my pussy for me to have my second orgasm. I grabbed his ass and pulled his cock all the way in me to base and shuttered as I reached my climax. Mike later told me that he absolutely loved having his cock in my mouth as I orgasmed as the moans felt amazing.
I didn't want Josh to cum yet and for it all to be over so I said to switch. I had Mike lay on his back and I climbed on top and lower myself onto him. Then Josh stood up on the bed in front me. Oh My God! I loved this. I was riding my boyfriend hard while I bobbed my head on Josh's hard cock. I held onto Josh's hips with both hands to help me both fuck Mike better and suck Josh. I found a good rhythm between the two. I was so turned on by the whole scene. I needed to be fucked from behind.
"I want Josh to fuck me from behind" I exclaimed.
I climbed off Mike and had him lay on his back with his head at the edge of the bed. I straddled his face in a 69 position and slowly guided Josh's thick cock into me right in front of Mike's face. If Mike wanted to see my fuck another guy, he was going to get a close up show. I felt his tongue start to flicker over my clit telling me he was loving the show. I felt like I was a sex goddess. I always loved when Mike played with my clit while he fucked me but this was a whole other level.
Josh stated, "Oh my God, I'm gonna cum soon!"
"Cum in me, please! Cum in me!" I couldn't help it. I wanted to feel his cum in me.
He plunged in and out while Mike kept teasing my clit with his tongue. Josh started moaning loud as I could feel his fingers grip my hips even tighter. I could feel his warm cum in me, I was so close to having my third orgasm of the night.
He finished and slowly pulled out of my dripping wet pussy. "Mike please don't stop! I'm so close to cumming!"
Mike didn't miss a beat and kept going. I pushed my pussy down hard on his face. I could feel his tongue going back and forth from my clit to entering deep in me. I lost control on came again. I've never came 3 times in 1 night, much less from 1 sex session but I could no help myself. Everything about this night had me so worked up and turned on.
I rolled off Mike. "Please fuck me baby!"
He rolled on top and entered me slowly.
"Fuck me hard! Please!"
He start to rapidly fuck me. His cock thrusting in me. I screamed in joy!
With my arms wrapped around his neck, I whispered in his ear "How does my pussy feel baby? Do you like fucking my pussy with Josh's cum in it?"
That little bit sent him over the edge and he came so hard. I could see the intensity in his face. I felt like a queen being able to make him cum that hard and feel so much pleasure. He just collapsed on top of me, completely out of breath. It felt so good to have my arms and legs wrapped around my boyfriend after such a wild experience. Almost as though it was us embracing at the end to say we are still good and together in this.  
Josh got up after a couple minutes, gave me a kiss and said he was going to get going and give us some privacy. He dressed and left his number with Mike in case we wanted to go out again. Mike came back to the bed, laid on top of me, gave me a deep kiss before pulling back and looking into my eyes.
I looked right at him and simply said "Thank you" with the biggest smile.
This was a start into Hotwifing. We've been together for years and are now married. We still love involving other guys in our sex life, sometimes with just little teasing at bars, while others have been arranged online. When we aren't with other guys, our relationship is stronger than I ever could have imagined and our sex is so passionate, I couldn't be happier. I think it may be time to invite a girl to have some fun with us and let my loving husband experience what I have been lucky enough to for years! Who knows, maybe I'll love this experience too!