Snape had come to the conclusion that no amount of doctored tea was going to get him through this.

"What on earth did you do to him?" said Molly, and Severus jumped.

"Apologised," he said. "In a manner of speaking."

Molly's look went from angry to pleased in a second.

"Ah, that explains it," she said. "Come on, help me levitate some of this to the table."

Severus, extremely reluctantly, levitated a frighteningly large stack of bread rolls that had somehow all come from one tiny oven. He hung back, and kept them hovering near Molly so that he could at least pretend to himself that he was making a stealthy entrance. Of course, Molly had cruelly put him at the centre of the massive table, but at least he was protected from Potter by Ginevra, and Bill, on his other side, was perfectly tolerable. He was, as promised, opposite Shacklebolt; he was also in the eyeline of Minerva, on Shacklebolt's left, and Charlie Weasley, who gave him a broad and mystifying grin immediately before he was waylaid by a very large, very hideous, tweed jacket.

A moment of not entirely unreasonable fear gripped him until Hagrid clapped him on the shoulder and said, unusually solemnly:

"I always knew yeh were a good man."

Snape attempted not to collapse, and Hagrid gave him a nod and sat at the head of the table, beside the impressive figure of Madame Maxine.

Snape sank weakly to his chair and played 'count the people trying not to look at him'. Just less than half the table, he thought, including Andromeda but not, to his irritation, including Longbottom, who shot him a half-grimace, half-grin and looked away quickly.

The conversation lulled as he sat. Ginevra turned to him and grinned, slightly ruefully.

"You look nice," she said, and blushed; not for the first time, Snape thought that had he been born a Weasley he would have invented a cure for blushing. He recalled that certain members of the family had – or at least, had learned to relocate their blush, so that only a small area of them clashed horribly.

"Thank you, Miss Weasley," he said politely, not completely beyond grace, even in the face of insanity. He could feel several stares; Potter's favourite boy Weasley was gaping openly, as though he'd forgotten Snape was going to be there.

"How are you feeling?" asked Bill, smiling, and everyone seemed to remember themselves, returning to their conversation.

"Better," said Snape uncomfortably.

"I think you might have given young Neville over there heart failure, you know," he teased.

"I already live to regret it," he said, sighing.

"Sorry, Snape, you've shown your hand, now. You're a good man, and nothing will convince us otherwise."

"I imagine I could prove you wrong," said Severus, and hated the fact that he did not want to.

Bill smiled, and shook his head.

"I am not a nice man," said Severus softly, "And I am at a loss as to why no-one recalls it. I assure you, it was not all an act for the Dark Lord."

"Doesn't matter," said Bill, grabbing a bread roll from their new location between the plates. "You've had reason enough to be horrible. You've had a horrible life. But you've got mum on your case now – she's not going to let you get away with it now you're fed and clothed and among friends, and you'll certainly not be able to push her away if she's decided to take you under her wing."

"I'm not a child," said Snape irritably.

"Don't worry, she'll leave you alone if you ask. Unlike us."

"I have asked," he said, half-heartedly despairing.

"Obviously you weren't sufficiently convincing," said Bill. "Or sufficiently polite."

Severus sighed, and looked to the bowl of soup he'd been given. He took a roll and began. So did everyone else, still chattering between mouthfuls; it reminded Severus of Hogwarts, though not at the teachers' table – it was hard to maintain conversations with the clatter of hundreds of students stuffing themselves.

Potter, he noticed, was quiet, and dipped his bread into his soup with little enthusiasm. He spoke quietly to Weasley and Granger, and leaned tiredly on Ginny when she spoke in his ear.

Severus felt irritated. They'd fought for this. Whatever was stopping him from his rightful celebration?

He caught Shacklebolt's eye as he looked away from the boy.

"We are all worried about him," said Shacklebolt softly, and Snape snorted.

"I can't fathom what's wrong with the brat," he said, equally softly, though with considerably more scorn.

"He's been through much," said Shacklebolt, "Perhaps all he needs is time."

"Yes, and in the meantime I am regaled with tales of how he isn't eating or paying attention to his girlfriend and how he's generally being a grumpy child. I believe I am subjected to it as the only person in the house who can't escape."

Shacklebolt smiled.

"Would you prefer you heard not a word of him?"

"At least that would mean the boy was happy," snapped Snape, then cursed Shacklebolt as the man smiled slowly. He'd spent a long time pretending he didn't worry about Potter; he did not appreciate being tricked into showing his hand.

Ah well, at least Potter himself would be none the wiser. Though the boy was not stupid – he ought to put two and two together and realise all those times he'd followed him around and tried to catch him breaking rules were not purely vindictive. Just... mostly.

He finished his soup in silence. The main course followed not long after. It was a roast; Severus speculated there had to be at least half a cow to feed this many people, and a decent-sized vegetable plot. He wondered where the Weasleys were getting the money for this – presumably, from the same sort of place they were getting the money for his brand new clothes. Did the whole family pitch in? Certainly there was no-one at the table who was vastly independently wealthy, except perhaps George Weasley as the now sole owner of that dreadful joke shop, and Potter, of course...

A creeping sense of horror climbed its way up his spine. Oh Good Lord... surely Potter would not...

If anyone else told him he looked good in Potter's purchases, he didn't think he would be responsible for his actions.

He glared at the boy, who was once again convincing nobody that he was actually eating his meal. He became aware that everyone else was taking in this charade with shifty, troubled glances, and Granger kept nudging him and whispering. Potter snapped at her after the fourth or fifth time, and that made Snape snap.

"Potter! Either get over your self-indulgent little sulk and eat, or for Merlin's sake leave the table, because your ridiculously unconvincing pretence is both annoying and obnoxiously rude!"

Everyone stopped and stared. Ginevra looked as though she wanted to be angry, but wasn't; Granger and Weasley shot each other apprehensive looks. Shacklebolt raised his eyebrows.

Potter, for the first time, looked him in the eye, and there was the look Snape had been waiting for. That insolent green glare, like Lily's yet worlds apart, familiar and strangely relieving. So Potter had not lost his fundamental strength of fury, then.

Snape raised an eyebrow. Potter stabbed his fork into a mangled piece of beef, opened his mouth as if to speak, but seemed to choke on his anger – instead, he raised his fork and bit it with an audible click. He chewed defiantly, and Snape snorted and turned back to his meal. He glanced up at the table; most were looking politely away, but Molly was looking at him with a softening expression, something which looked horrifyingly like gratitude.

Snape sighed and returned to his meal. He'd worried about showing Kingsley his hand – how about the entire table? Though he hoped he'd maintained just the right amount of unpleasantness that most would not look for the sentiment beyond, and even if they did they might only suspect him of softening to the Weasleys more than to Potter.

Which, he reminded himself sternly, was hardly a bad thing, as he was imposing on their hospitality quite impressively.

He waited until the noise levels rose to their previous enthusiastic chatter, and chanced another glance at Potter. His eyes were down, now, and he was viewing the meal as something to be conquered. His fork moved to his mouth with strict regularity.

He caught Ginevra's eye. She smiled weakly.

Snape rolled his eyes and prayed for dessert.

Minerva must have glanced up and caught the hunted look in Snape's eyes – she'd know it well enough, from any staff meeting where Albus tried to get him to do something – because she leant forward a little and asked him what his plans were 'once all this name-clearing nonsense has blown over' and 'whether it had anything to do with that dreary Potions business'. Of course, this encouraged their usual healthy debate over the relative merits of their subjects, but it also got Snape thinking. If Potter's mysterious hare-brained schemes worked – and this was a big if – Snape would be free. What would he do?

'That dreary Potions business' could be a business indeed, if Severus fancied it. He said something to that effect, to which Kingsley smiled and offered him advice on Ministry licensing, and the conversation seemed to progress from there in a comfortable way that Snape was extremely relieved to find diverted him through the remainder of the course and through into the dessert.

He was not quite so distracted as to not shoot Potter glances to check if he was still eating. He ate everything on his plate, and glared whenever he caught Snape looking.

He was also not so distracted as to notice that Charlie Weasley seemed to be competing with Molly for the title of Warmest Weasley, at least in his direction, though what it meant, he had no clue.

Coffee was served in the setting sun and and below the murmur of talk the wails of Celestina Warbeck started up on the wireless. Not one of her wretched ballads, mercifully, but an upbeat tune which had Molly looking at the candle-lit lawn with an unsubtle expression of longing. Bill Weasley obviously caught it, as he invited his charming wife to dance, a brisk and showy swing with dips and twirls that had the women of the table sighing and the men of the table going slightly glazed. Save Potter, he noticed, who stared quite blankly at the two of them as though the concept of dancing was quite alien when there was so much grieving to be done. Severus resisted the urge to beat him about the head.

Arthur, obviously no fool if he managed to deal with such a dominating wife, offered his hand immediately, and Molly blushed a little and fussed over clearing the table.

"We'll get it, won't we, George," offered Charlie, and the subdued twin nodded and smiled a little.

"Oh, well, alright then," she said, and giggled like a schoolgirl. Severus was beginning to realise just how alien this warm, effusive family was – Minerva caught his eye, catching his expression, and her lips twitched.

"Care to dance, Severus?" she offered.

"As I believe I said at the Yule Ball, Minerva, the only way I could imagine dancing is under the influence of some dire curse."

"Tell me about it," muttered Potter, perfectly audible to most of the table, though Severus suspected it was a rather cruel way of wiping the optimistic look from Ginevra's face. Severus cast him a scornful look – if that idiotic best friend of his had somehow obtained the grace to ask his terrifying girlfriend to dance, Potter should have the decency to find some flimsy excuse.

"Then might I have your hand, Minerva?" said Shacklebolt, and Minerva smiled primly and nodded.

"I'm not dancing until there's some decent music. Put on the Raving Runesters!" said Charlie loudly, nudging George. "Come on, lets leave the coupled-up gits to their ick."

"Raving Runesters?" said George. "If you even think about it I'll be forced to cut my other ear off."

A passable attempt at his former humour, Severus thought, whilst wincing at the circumstances that led to the first missing ear.

Snape glanced at the rest of the table and realised with alarm he had been left alone with only Andromeda (entirely absorbed in soothing her grandchild), Lovegood, Longbottom, a sulking Potter and a very angry-looking Ginevra.

"Miss Weasley," he murmured, filled with a sudden malicious urge. "If you wish to make your oaf of a boyfriend absolutely furious and perhaps a little more attentive, I might reconsider my previous statement regarding dancing."

Ginny stared at him, and he smirked. She returned it, a small, slow smile that broadened as she took in his proposal.

"Care to dance, Miss Weasley? If you are available, of course," he said, much louder. Potter stared, and it was wonderful to slip back into the comfortable role of bastard.

"Why, Professor Snape, I would love to dance," she said maliciously, and Potter's shock darkened to outrage. Snape shot him a smirk. Oh, it was immature even for him, and rather disturbing if he thought about it, but the look on Potter's face was too satisfying.

The song changed as they rose, some dire classic that would do to waltz to.

"I assume you know how to waltz, Miss Weasley?"

"Do you?" she said defiantly, though another blush rather ruined it.

"I was required to teach the Slytherins," he said with distaste, leading her past the other dancers to a shadowy edge, drawing a few eyes from those who were not overly engrossed.

"You don't have to dance, you know," she said. "Not just for me."

Snape snorted, and put a hand on her waist. She straightened, assuming a stiffly formal posture, and took his hand with more confidence.

"Whatever makes you think it is just for you? I like seeing Potter irate as much as you do."

She grinned, and Severus reflected they really were a terrible match. If one of Potter's other friends had been snubbed, they would not have gone out of their way for revenge, or to make Potter jealous. Ginny could be as casually and unconsciously vindictive as her brothers, and knew all the tricks to get her way. It would not suit Potter at all, with his lack of guile and social graces. He probably hadn't even noticed the careful games she'd been playing all her teenage life, simply to hook him.

It struck Severus suddenly that she was exactly the type of Gryffindor girl he would have hated, back in school – one of the pretty ones, overflowing with entitlement and casually cruel to anyone that did not matter to them. They were the types of girls that had always surrounded Lily, who'd eventually pulled her with them, cementing the divide, sending her to James.

But he could hardly bring himself to hate her. She was just a child, playing games with other children.

Snape counted them in, and they began a waltz that was surprisingly graceful, considering the fact that they were both entirely unfamiliar with each other and Snape had not danced since the Yule ball, and before that not since he was eighteen.

"Can Harry even see us here?" said Ginny.

"He will move," said Snape confidently, and glanced up at the table. He was right - Potter had moved closer to Andromeda, ostensibly to fuss over the child, but he was casting glares at the dancers. Severus smirked and twirled Ginny, who laughed and looked a little more at ease.

"What you said, about me and Harry and lots of children..." she said. Snape rolled his eyes and dipped her, allowing her the opportunity to grin flirtatiously at Potter and allowing him to catch the reaction as the fury set in.

"What about it?" he sighed.

"Did you mean it? Do you really think we're that suited?"

Snape raised an eyebrow.

"I never said I thought you were suited," he said.

"Really?" she squeaked, faltering slightly in her waltz – a raised eyebrow brought her back in step. She looked appalled; served her right, really, coming to him for reassurance over Potter.

"Really?" she asked, more quietly, casting a glance at Potter. "So you don't think we should? I mean, not that I was going to, I'm way too young and I want to try out for professional Quidditch, can hardly do that with kids or whatever." She pulled a face.

Snape shrugged.

"I think that Potter has only one ill-thought-out desire for his future – a conventional loving family to come home to, a white picket fence and many smiling children. But as far as I can see this is not an image you particularly share with him, or if it is, it's hardly one that would suit you. Your face at the mention of children, for example."

"Well, yeah – I'm seventeen. I don't want kids! But Mum says I'll want them when I'm older, that I just need time to mature –"

"And I hardly think the best way to mature is to attach yourself to Potter in any permanent way. I am not entirely convinced you even know each other that well. Do you talk much?"

"I – well – Harry's not that talkative –"

Their waltz was suffering somewhat, now, more of a slow revolve on the spot.

"I would also question, Miss Weasley, your motivation for wanting the brat. Socially dysfunctional, pleasant to look at but not an idol, sullen and inattentive – is he really your type? I rather think you fared better with boys like Corner on your arm, earnest and popular and overjoyed to have you. Potter may be every young girl's dream hero –" Snape pulled a face, "But the reality hardly measures up to the fantasy. I suspect you will be disappointed in the long run."

Ginny stopped dancing. Snape coughed pointedly and counted them back in. The girl moved stiffly back into position, but her heart was clearly no longer in it.

"That's not true," she murmured. Snape did not think her even slightly convincing.

The song drew to a merciful close.

Snape sighed, made a show of bowing and kissing her hand, and retreated from the dance floor and away from the light. She was already plastering on a bright smile as she strode back to Potter's side.

"If I'm not allowed the Raving Runesters, we are at least having some Weird Sisters, alright?" shouted Charlie, and an obnoxiously upbeat example started up. There were mixed cheers and groans, and Snape sighed and retreated to the end of the garden. After so much time spent being social, mending bridges, forcing himself to be nicer... not to mention dispensing destructive romantic advice... he was bone-tired.

He leaned against a tree, and looked out at the field beyond the house, moonlit and grey. It was eerie down here, with the revelry sounding distant and the breeze causing ripples in the crops, but he rather thought it suited him better. He stared out for a long time.

He was cold and stiff and about to return when he heard the soft sound of footsteps behind him. He lit his wand and shone it in the face of the visitor.

Charlie Weasley smiled back at him.

"Thought I saw you slip down here," he said. "I think mum thinks you've gone to bed, tired out from all that dancing with my sister. You'd better not have any designs on her."

The comment seemed jesting, but there was an undercurrent of seriousness and interestingly, of curiosity, as though he wondered whether Severus would entertain the concept.

"Never fear," said Snape. "The thought of a student is appalling."

"Even an older one?" teased Charlie, and Snape wondered what he meant by that.

"Perhaps not quite so appalling," he said. "Depending upon the student."

He gave the boy a smirk that could easily be flirtatious, and Charlie grinned. Snape wondered at the ridiculousness of the idea.

"Do you wanna sit down? There's a bench round the back of the shed I used to sit on and smoke." he grinned. "No cigarettes any more, but I brought down my Firewhisky to warm us up."

Snape nodded and Charlie led the way. Snape sat gratefully, and Charlie slid next to him. The muscular thigh was a welcome warmth against him. Charlie conjured a small fire in front of them, and knocked back a swig of drink. He handed it to Snape with a conspiring grin.

Snape took it, silent, and threw back a large swallow. It flushed him pleasantly.

"Gets a bit hectic here, doesn't it?" he said softly.

"Indeed," murmured Snape, wishing he was unsettled by the press of a Weasley boy against him, but instead relaxing against the shed and accepting the warmth.

"It's so different from Romania," he continued. "It can be days before you get back to base camp and see anyone again, and even though our parties are pretty wild –" Charlie grinned ruefully, "There's also hours of peace and time to think. Most people don't think I do much thinking, throwing myself in front of dragons and such, but I like being able to reflect sometimes."

"Mmm," Snape agreed, relaxed now.

"Sorry," said Charlie. "You probably know exactly what I mean and were perfectly fine on your own in the peace and quiet." He patted Snape's hand where it lay on his own knee, then caught it in both of his.

"God, your hands are cold," he said, rubbing one to warm it up, and Snape rather wanted to push him away. Charlie clearly caught the look, because he released him ruefully.

"Sorry," he said, stretching out his legs. "It's just such a change to see you not swooping around doing that dark and forbidding thing. You did it so well in school, we all wondered about you. Everyone had wild theories about your mysterious past. Not half as interesting as the truth, of course, but a lot more lewd."

Snape smirked at the fire.

"How do you know that I have simply not told anyone about the lewd parts?"

Charlie laughed softly. It was a pleasant laugh, honest and deep, undeniably a man's laugh, and any thoughts of the stocky little ginger boy he'd taught vanished.

"Oh, well don't feel you need to hold back on my account," he said. Snape snorted and took another swig of the firewhisky.

"How much of this bottle have you had?" He asked, looking at the level.

"After years of drinking contests with big burly dragon tamers, I could put away two of them," he said. "So you don't need to worry about me."

"I would not anyway," said Snape, and Charlie laughed.

There was a quiet pause, where both men looked into the fire. It was strangely comfortable, but Snape felt the stirrings of a tension he had not felt in a long time. He scolded himself – he was imagining things, of course. Charlie Weasley, graced with a warm, charming smile and bright blue eyes and a body that would induce lust or jealousy in most, could not possibly be flirting.

"Your brother mentioned something of the wild speculation you spoke of," he said. Charlie sat up a little.

"Really? Which bits?"

"Something about being McGonagall's sex slave," said Snape, snorting, "Which I can assure you is not at all true."

Charlie laughed. Snape smirked.

"But it begs the question – what other bits were there, Mr Weasley?"

"Oh, don't do that teacher voice," said Charlie, grinning and looking away.

"Whyever not, Mr Weasley?" murmured Snape silkily, and he was close enough to feel the slight shiver that ran through Charlie.

Charlie turned dark eyes on Severus. All trace of a smile was gone.

"Because it drove me absolutely wild in school, and if you do it again I can't promise I will be responsible for my own actions."

Severus felt the blood rush from his head even as he felt himself stiffen in surprise. Charlie blushed and slid away slightly.

"Sorry," he said, "I've appalled you, haven't I? I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, I'll go." He moved to get up. Snape caught him by the wrist.

"Whatever made you think I am uncomfortable?" he said, surprised at how easily a seductive note crept into his voice, after all this time. "I was merely... surprised."

Charlie sat down immediately, whole body angled towards Severus, and there was absolutely no reason nowadays why he could not have a liaison with this man.

"Surprised?" said Charlie, "It must be hard to surprise you."

"Consider it an achievement, Mr Weasley," he said, and Charlie grinned and leaned forward to kiss him.

Charlie was all stubble and enthusiasm, a quick tongue taking control as he arched against Snape, and Severus felt a flush of arousal that drowned out all the years of caution and discretion and made him pull Charlie close. Charlie groaned, a frustrated noise, and pulled Snape upright, not breaking the desperate kiss as he pressed himself forward. Severus felt the pressure of Charlie's erection with a thrill that swelled his own, and he laced a hand underneath Charlie's shirt and pulled him close with bruising fingers. Charlie groaned again and pushed him against the shed, grinning before he dived back into the kiss, pinning Snape to the wall as he ground his hips.

Snape broke the kiss to gasp and press back, and Charlie moved his head back a little to grin at Snape again, a grin that faded into need as Snape slid a hand to cup the bulge in Charlie's jeans. Charlie rutted against him, wanton and uninhibited, and how long had it been since he'd felt this? Pleasure for pleasure's sake, with no agendas or games or fear?

Charlie seemed to wrench himself out of his gasping, needy state, laughing breathlessly as he pulled Snape's hand away. He grinned wickedly, and that was something else Snape had forgotten – laughter during sex, breathless and simple and fun, Charlie's sparkling eyes reminding him that life did not always have to be bad. Charlie locked eyes with him and unbuttoned his trousers, sliding a hot, rough hand into Snape's brand new boxers, and grinned when Snape threw his head back and groaned. Charlie pumped, an enthusiastic rhythm, and it really had been far too long – the temptation just to let go was almost too much. To distract himself, he fiddled with the button of Charlie's trousers, wrapping a hand around the man and giving him a slow, deliberate stroke. Charlie's hand squeezed, his smooth rhythm faltering somewhat, and Snape twitched his hips up into the hand around him. Charlie pulled himself together, snapping back into his rhythm, and they battled to be the one who kept control. Then Charlie kissed him, biting and breathy, and Severus knew he was entirely lost – he came into the space between their bodies, shuddering and twitching the hand around Charlie, pleased when the boy snapped his hips and followed suit.

They stayed together for a while, breathing hard, eyes closed, and then Charlie drew his hand away and Snape followed suit. A moment of fearful awkwardness, then Charlie grinned and Snape relaxed.

"That was –" he began, and Snape smirked.

"Quite," he agreed, and Charlie waved his wand to clean up the mess.

Severus remembered where they were with a strange amusement, and shot a glance at the dark garden.

And met the wide eyes of Harry Potter.

A moment of shock, and Charlie whirled to see what was wrong – Potter stared for a second, and then fled.

Snape grimaced. Wonderful.

"Oh my God," said Charlie, looking panicked. "Was that Harry? How long do you think he was stood there?"

Snape sighed.

"I was hardly paying attention."

"Do you think he's going to be angry?" said Charlie. "Do you think he'll tell anyone?"

"Dirty secret, am I?" said Snape, and smirked when Charlie looked mortified.

"That's not what I meant," he said, and Snape waved off his concern. He didn't care either way. "I just mean – I mean, not everyone exactly knows about me, and my ideal way of coming out doesn't really involve a screaming Harry Potter telling everyone I've just got off with a teacher behind the shed."

Snape snorted.

"I don't think it's his style," he said. "I doubt he'll tell anyone. If he does it will be Granger and your youngest brother, so if you do not want them to know, you may wish to talk to him."

"I'd better at least see if he's alright," said Charlie, and with a regretful look at Snape he dashed back up the garden. Snape sighed, smoothed his trousers, and put out the fire. He walked more casually up to the house.

"Have you seen Harry?" he heard Charlie say, ahead of him with Bill and Fleur. Snape paused in the shadows to listen.

"He came storming past a second ago," said Bill. "Looked a bit dazed, I think he went straight to bed. You alright, Charlie? You look a bit dazed too."

Bill gave his brother a wicked smirk, and Charlie grinned slowly.

"Yeah, you could say that," he said. "Um, I'll tell you about it later maybe. Right now I'd rather find Harry."

"Get an eyeful, did he? Oh dear." Bill did not sound particularly worried. "Don't worry, Charlie, once he gets over the shock he'll be fine. Leave him overnight and you can talk to him in the morning."

Charlie looked troubled, but nodded and headed over to where the younger members of the Weasley clan were chatting around the table. Snape sighed, and walked past Bill and Fleur without looking at them.

"Oh, Severus!" called Molly, pausing in her slow dance with Arthur, and Snape paused. "I thought you'd gone to bed!"

"I was just going," he said. "Goodnight, Molly. The dinner was excellent."

"Thank you, Severus!" she said, glancing at Arthur and blushing like a teenager, and Snape nodded to her.

He dragged himself up to bed with bone-deep exhaustion, and could not even bring himself to worry about Potter.

He would deal with it in the morning.