This is a rather unfinished work, which I started for my own notes, and maintained for only a few days. Still it might be of interest...

------------------------------
My pants pooing diary.

Week 1

Monday 16 April 2007.

Woke up dying to pee, put on a clean Tena nappy and immediately flooded it, then filled it shortly after  completely shit myself!

Felt naughty all day, left work early and went to a nearby public toilet,  where I sat down with my knickers still on and wet myself again. Felt even naughtier walking back through town in wet panties, though my skirt hid them well.

Tuesday 17 April 2007.

I woke up dying to pee again. Put a nappy on in my bedroom, and slowly wet myself whilst walking around doing chores. Didnt think that I would need to poo too, but after I finished weeing myself I really needed to, and slowly messed myself standing looking out of the window.

After a shower, I put on a clean pair of pants for work. Have been a little uncomfortable all day as the elastic in them is going  so Im trying to think of a good way to ruin them! Am tempted to poop them on my way home, but have got so used to using nappies Im a bit afraid that I might wet myself too, which would be far too noticeable in what Im wearing. Maybe I will just have to save them until I have a chance to be nappied over them.

Went to bed wearing a nappy, but didnt need to pee. Felt good to be padded falling asleep!

Wednesday 18 April 2007.

Woke up still in my nappy, and dry I think. Slowly wet myself lying on my back in bed, which felt great as it ran down between my legs and soaked my bum. Stood up and wet loads more before getting changed into good knickers for work.

Had a growing need to poo while at work and ended up pooing in the toilet mid morning. Very disappointing  would much rather have used my pants! I didnt dare do it at work though, as I had to sit in meetings for the rest of the day.

Thursday 19 April 2007.

Have been feeling a bit tired today, never really got to have any fun. Pooped in the toilet once at work this morning, and then again this afternoon.

Friday 20 April 2007.

Woke up feeling rubbish and tired. Was thinking that I might put a pull-up or similar in my bag to wear later on the way home from work, but ending up rushing out of the house and forgetting ?

At work, I suddenly needed to poo really bad at 9.30am. I went to the toilets and sat down with my panties still on, and considered doing it in my pants (maybe lining them with toilet paper / tissues). Decided that I thought it might be too messy as I really needed to poo badly, so just did it in the toilet instead ?

It turned out to be a huge firm poo, and very annoyed that I didnt have the courage to do it in my pants. Now thinking about what fun I could have at the weekend.

Mid afternoon  I needed to pee, so made a sort of makeshift nappy/pad out of loo roll, sat on the toilet and wet myself holding it up between my legs  I wish Id had a proper chance to wet my pants. Looking forward to tomorrow morning  still havent really decided what to do but am thinking about maybe putting a nappy on and then doing some shopping / going for a walk. Maybe went or poo myself somewhere public if Im feeling brave.

Saturday 21 April 2007.

Woke up still wearing the Tena Slip Maxi nappy thatd Id taped on really tightly last night. Was still very tight, possibly even tighter as my bladder was really full and I desperately needed to pee. 

Decided that Id go for a walk around a local nature area, and maybe (hopefully) wet and mess myself while walking. I quickly packed a small bag containing:

	One spare Tena Slip Maxi nappy
	A Velesi Slip nappy
	A pair of Tena Pants Discreet (sort of a pull up/disposable panty)
	A spare pair of trousers
	2 pairs of the old knickers Id sorted out last night
	A kitchen roll (much easier to clean up with than toilet paper)
	Roll of duct tape (I like my nappies to fit tightly!)
	Penknife (for getting duct taped nappies off again!)
	2 carrier bags (for disposing of things)

I quickly pulled on a pair of loose fitting jogging bottoms over my nappy, then my bra and T-shirt. I took a fleece too, and put that in the bag. I drank two glasses of water (thought I was going to wet myself just listening to the tap run) then jumped in the car and started driving to where I was going to walk.

Id been sort of thinking that I might drive to a chemists first where I know that they sell pairs of plastic pants. Id decided that itd be really naughty to buy a pair of plastic pants while I was wetting myself in the shop! In the end though I was feeling too desperate so I just drove straight towards where I was going to walk.
	
When I was nearly there, I changed my mind and decided to stop at a corner shop to buy some breakfast. The moment I got in the shop I needed to go like nothing, and I couldnt concentrate on buying anything. I was going to wet while I was in the shop, but only a little bit  I was scared that if I couldnt hold it now then Id completely flood myself, and people might notice. So all I ended up buying was a 2 litre bottle of water, which I put in my bag before quickly driving off to the nature area.

At the nature area, I parked near the public toilets, grabbed my bag and set off walking. I planned to walk a circular route about 4 or 5 miles long. It wasnt long (about 200 yards!) into the walk when I started to do squirts of wee. I kept walking and doing little spurts for ages until I reached a gate. When I stood still to open the gate, I completely and totally wet myself. I could feel it pooling up in my nappy and it stayed liquid underneath me for ages before it soaked in. The nappy swelled up and became very bulky between my legs. After a moment to compose myself I carried on walking. My nappy was now wet and warm all the way up my bum ?

When I got to a quieter bit of the path, I risked sticking my hand down the back of my jogging bottoms to check my nappy. It was indeed soaked all the way up on the back, and I needed to change only 1 mile or so into my walk. That wasnt in the plan! I knew of a place about another mile on where there were some toilets, but I didnt want to have to try to get there without wetting again.

There were a few not very well used paths off the main path that led away into the bushes, so I wandered off down those looking for a place to change. Eventually I found a secluded grassy path surrounded by bushes. I was still very nervous about getting changed outside, and began to wonder if I could just double-up my nappy rather than taking it off.

I quickly grabbed my fleece from my bag and laid it out on the ground. Then I pulled out the Velesi nappy and lay down on top of it. I used my penknife to put a long slit in the nappy I was wearing, and then tightly taped the new nappy on over the top. The moment I stood up and pulled my trousers up, I new that it was far to bulky and it now looked obvious that I was wearing nappies. I decided that, as Id already peed so much, I wouldnt really be able to do much more (and the first nappy probably would take a little more anyway), so it wasnt going to get much more bulky than it was now, and I could get away with that by tying my fleece around my waist. I dropped my jogging bottoms for a moment and duct taped over the second nappys tapes  I definitely didnt want any more sagging than I had already!
