Master Rod

Chapter Two

Over the next few days 'Master Rod' became a master at pleasuring a woman with his rod. Rod also took a more aggressive stance with the household staff and although things had run fairly well in the past, there were several noticeable improvements. Early one morning while he was out riding his horse, Rod saw his father heading towards him with a smile on his face. Rod guided his horse over towards his father and brought him to a halt. 

"Good Morning Rod! It's good to see you up and about son!" 

"How are doing today Dad?" 

"I couldn't be better. Do you have anything planned for this morning Rod?" 

"Not anything really important. Did you need me for something?" Rod asked. 

"Well, if you don't mind me interrupting your plans - I would like to continue the conversation we were having a few days ago" Alistair said. 

"No problem! I was just giving Windemere his morning exercise" Rod said as he patted the neck of his horse affectionately. "I'll just head on back to the stable and have one of the staff finish up this morning. I'll need a few minutes to clean up. Is twenty minutes to long?" 

"No Rod, twenty minutes will be just fine. Have you had breakfast yet?" Alistair queried. "No. Not yet" Rod answered. "I'll have some sent to the Library for both of us. See you there shortly!" his father said walking back towards the house. 

Rod headed Windemere back towards the stable at a quick trot and left him in the very capable hands of the head trainer. He hopped onto the golf cart he used around the estate and hurried back to the main house. Rod pulled the cart up next to the patio outside his suite of rooms and let himself in through the sliding glass door. After a quick shave and shower, he dressed quickly in a black polo shirt, blue jean shorts, and sandals. Once he was dressed, Rod quickly made his way to the Library. As Rod entered the large Library he saw his father in conversation with the head librarian. His father saw him and motioned him over. 

"Rod, Stephanie tells me that you've hired a tutor to train her to make better use of the Internet and computer resources in general." 

"Yes, that's right. I know that she does some research for you from time to time and it just seemed like a sensible thing to provide her with the training and some newer tools" Rod replied. 

"Rod, I'm glad to see you stepping into a position of authority around here. There are other endeavors that could benefit from your talents and skills as well" his father said as he placed an arm on Rod's shoulders. 

"Thanks dad! I mean thanks Alistair" Rod replied. "When will you have time to provide me with another business lesson?" 

"I would like to make it a daily event. Let's go to my study after breakfast and talk a bit;" Alistair said, "but for now let's have a bite to eat" Alistair said. He pressed a button on the intercom system on the nearby table and was immediately answered by the Head Chef. The Chef informed Alistair that breakfast was on its way and would be served momentarily. 

"Sirs, do wish me to remain during your breakfast, or would you like me to come back later?" Stephanie asked. 

"Why don't you stay and show Rod your appreciation for the training he has provided for you" Alistair replied. 

"Alright!" Stephanie said with a smile. 

The buxom red head sank down to her knees in front of Rod. She was wearing a soft gray cotton top with a zipper running down the front from top to bottom. Slowly Stephanie pulled the zipper down and then slipped the top off of her shoulders, down her arms, and onto the floor. She wore no bra, much to Rod's delight, and her wondrous breasts were on display for him. Next she unzipped the short black miniskirt and peeled it away. All that was left was the tiniest of thong panties and her high heels. She gently placed one hand on Ron's crotch and gave his prick a light squeeze. Rod looked over at his father and saw the look of approval on his face just as Stephanie was undoing his belt and pants. Rod stood up while Stephanie worked his shorts and underwear over his rapidly hardening cockmeat. 

"Oh! You have a big one!" she said as Rod sat back down. 

Silently she began to lick Rod's dick from the base to the top. Occasionally she would lick his balls and lift his sack to get at his asshole. Eventually she placed the head of Rod's rod in her mouth and began to move it in and out of her mouth. With each downward thrust of her head, she managed to swallow a bit more of his cock. 

"She gives pretty good head doesn't she Rod?" Alistair asked. 

"Sorry dad" Rod said with a smile, "I'm afraid I can't talk much right now." 

Alistair chuckled at Rod's remark, "I guess not!" 

While Stephanie was preparing to vacuum the cum out of Rod's balls, Tina, one of the Kitchen staff members, wheeled in a cart with their breakfast on it. Once she saw what Stephanie was doing Tina couldn't seem to peel her eyes away. 

"Cat got your tongue?" Alistair said to Tina with a slight grin on his handsome face. 

"You might say that. I wish my tongue was getting some of what hers is getting" Tina said with a small pout. 

"Well, I know I'm not Rod; however I do have a hard dick available for your use - that is if you're interested" Alistair teased. 

In a heartbeat Tina was on her knees between Alistair's legs undoing his pants. 

"Patience my pretty vixen!" Alistair said as he raised his hips so she could lower his pants and underwear. 

Soon Tina's blond haired head was moving up in down almost to the same rythym as Stephanie's. Neither Rod nor Alistair attempted to hold back, and soon both were pouring cum down the back of their respective partner's throat. Stephanie and Tina both orgasmed as they swallowed cum. Neither woman missed a drop! Tina stood up and finished stripping. Stephanie stepped out of the tiny black thong and sat facing Rod, sat on his lap burying his prick in her hot wet pussy. Tina prepared a plate for Rod and passed it to Stephanie. Next she prepared a plate for Alistair and mounted his cock in the same fashion Stephanie had mounted Rod's. Tina and Stephanie both fed bites of food to their respective cocksman and, while he was chewing, rode up and down on the stiff poles buried deep within their horny twats. 

After breakfast was over the Rod and Alistair left the library with Rod saying "Dad, I've got eat breakfast with you more often!" 

The two chuckled as they made their way to Alistair's study, went through the usual security checks, and entered the suite. Rod immediately went to stand behind his father's chair. 

"That won't be necessary right now Rod" Alistair said. "There actually are quite a few useful items in this suite. Come sit over here" Alistair said motioning to an overstuffed leather chair near the fire place. "This suite is completely sound proof. To date its' security has never been compromised. Once we are sealed in this suite, you can ask me any question on any topic without fear that it will be overheard" Alistair paused and smiled at Rod. 

"For nine years you have been trained in the traditional school systems of Earth. The training is good background material and suffices to teach you how to learn. Now it is time for your education to leave the traditions of Earth and move to the traditions of the Wither's family. I have been looking forward to this since the day your Mother told me she was pregnant with you. In the Wither's family, the father teaches the son as his father taught him. I like it because it is very personal and will provide us the opportunity to spend time together in mutually enjoyable pursuits. Does this sound interesting to you so far?" 

"Yes it does; though I wonder how the state will react if I just quit attending school?" Rod asked. 

"There will be no problems with the state. You can rest easy on that son" Alistair responded. "In a year or so you will take the test for high school equivalency. Periodically after that you will test out of various college courses until you have accumulated enough credits for a degree. Even then, the degree is nothing more than a piece of paper that makes it easier for some to trust your knowledge. By the time your classmates are through with high school you will know more than the sum total of knowledge most of Earth's brightest minds master in a lifetime." 

"I'm glad you think that highly of me but that sounds like quite a bit of pressure!" Rod exclaimed. 

"Don't worry Rod! Like I said, it is time to leave the educational methods of Earth behind and move on. You will easily be able to achieve everything I have mentioned and then some. Now let's talk about schedules. I have been spending about six hours a day involved in the normal management of business. For those functions I use the facilities in this suite. I arrive here about six in the morning and work till nine. Then I spend an hour with Pamela after which I come back here and work until 1 PM. After another 90 minutes with Pamela, I go to our lab facility until about 6PM. Evenings vary quite a bit as I'm sure you have already noticed" Alistair said. 

"I notice that you tend to limit your work periods to three or four hours. Any special reason?" Rod inquired. 

"As a matter of fact yes. It is a Withers' family tradition dating back over six thousand years. By balancing mental work with physical recreation we achieve, aided of coarse by advanced medical knowledge, extremely long lifetimes generally in excess of 160 years. Son, there is a delicate matter that I should probably bring up now. Withers men are almost never strictly monogamous and for a number of very good reasons that I will be sharing with you shortly; but you should know that I truly and deeply loved your mother. If she would have asked me to be monogamous in my relationship with her I would have been. We were very devoted to each other and our relationship transcended the mere physical. Your mother would be with us today if only she hadn't insisted on being so independant" Alistair informed Rod. 

"What do you mean?" Rod asked. 

"I mean that she enjoyed maintaining a high level of control over her immediate surroundings. When I met her she was an accomplished pilot by Earth standards. I thought that by showing her Pegasus and some of the other advanced technologies, I could wean her away from the dangers inherent in aerodynamic flight; but I was wrong. She yearned for the freedom and control she felt when flying. I was always nervous that something might go wrong and begged her to let me outfit her plane with some advanced safety precautions; but she refused. Because of her love for me, she had made so many changes in her life already. Because of my love for her, I didn't force her to give in. You must understand that this desire to excel at flying, the desire to be free were core elements of her personality. I did not wish to crush her spirit; but oh how I miss her." 

Rod reached over and placed a hand on his father's shoulder. "I know you miss her father. My only memories of her are precious to me as well; but from what you have told me of her I know that she would want you to live on and be happy." 

"Yes son, you're right about that. She always lived in the present enjoying every moment for what it was and not lamenting the past or being impatient for the future. I've tried to live my life in that same spirit though now I see that for sometime I have kept you at arms length in an attempt to avoid painful memories. Will you forgive me son?" Alistair asked. 

"No need to ask father. I'm just happy we are finally getting to know each other" Rod replied. 

"Rod, I will never ask you to call Pamela 'mother'. It's much too late for anything like that. All I ask is that you be a good friend to her. I know from the way she speaks of you and treats you that she admires you for who you are" Alistair said. 

"You needn't worry about that. I think Pamela is a fine person. In a very round about way she is responsible for bringing me out of my shell" Rod remarked. 

"Oh, how's that?" Alistair inquired. 

"Well, once it became clear that you were no longer in the 'Eligible Bachelor' category, many of the pretty young women you seem to prefer in your staff have been hitting on me!" Rod exclaimed while winking at his father. 

Alistair began laughing along with Rod. "Like I said Son, you'd better get used to it. That brings us back to an earlier topic: Withers' men are almost never completely monogomous. For whatever reason, we excude high amounts of pheremones, are well endowed, and have high testosterone levels that must be released on a regular basis. That is why you see so many of the positions in this estate filled with beautiful, single, and young women. As of yet Pamela is unaware of our family background; however, she is very aware of my sexual needs and habits and fully accepts and condones my behavior. Fortunately for me, she is a highly sexed woman. I have made it very clear to her, however, that she must not look for relief outside of the Withers' males." 

"Excuse me Dad; but did you really intend to say what I think you just said?" Rod asked incredulously. 

"Well as a matter of fact - Yes. I care for her deeply, but on the sexual level I realise that I'm asking her not to be jealous of my extended relationships. It is only fair that she have more than one outlet for her sexual tensions. She isn't your biological mother, not that that is the big no no modern earth society says it is anyway. The important thing is that if she becomes pregnant she needs to be carrying a Withers' baby." 

Rod sat somewhat stunned contemplating what his father had said. 

"Rod, you should know that I actually am hoping that some of your escapades with our female staff members result in pregnancies. We need to improve the gene pool on this planet" Alistair said. "Do you mean that not only would you not be concerned if I get some of these women pregnant; but that you want me to get them pregnant?" Rod exclaimed. 

"Yes. That's exactly what I mean" Alistair said with a smile. 

"And Pamela too?" Rod inquired. 

"Well, I will certainly be taking my shots at her. I'm not telling you that you should pursue her; but if she comes on to you that's just fine with me" Alistair responded. "Now, we have some work to do at the lab so let's go." 

Rod followed Alistair over to the large desk and stood behind the chair. "Now, let's see how well you remember the codes I taught you last time we were here. Why don't you go ahead and enter them" Alistair prompted. 

Rod leaned forward and typed the seven digit code into the calculator on his father's desk. The section of the floor they were on was actually an elevator platform, and as expected it began to descend. Once the platform had reached the bottom of the elevator shaft, Rod and Alistair stepped off of the platform and watched as it rose back into its' normal position. Just as before, a brightly illuminated tunnel opened up before them. Alistair led the way over to the automated golf cart and, once the two were seated, it sped down the tunnel. 

"Rod, we have a few lessons we need to cover today and then we'll be ready to work together on a regular basis" Alistair said while the cart was carrying them to their destination. "One of the devices we'll use today connects directly with your mind to teach you various subjects at incredibly high speeds. I've found it to be an incredibly interesting and valuable tool." 

Soon the cart began slowing eventually stopping at the end of the tunnel in front of the white wall. Rod and his father stepped into the circle on the floor. Alistair tapped a quick stacatto pattern on the face of his watch and the blueish light enveloped them and then faded away. Rod didn't need to be told to turn around this time, and as he did he saw the massive lab spread out before them. 

"Just step over here and have a seat" Alistair said as he indicated a rather comfortable looking chair reminiscent of a seat in First Class. 

Rod sat down in the seat and quipped "Where's the stewardess?" 

Alistair chuckled and replied "Sorry - no eye candy on this flight. Actually the seat reminded me much of a good air plane seat as well. Now, in a minute, the ALS, or Automated Learning System, will lower a cylinder down around you to isolate you from outside distractions. Don't be alarmed. Also, be assured that your first session won't be too long - only about ten minutes in fact. During that time you will absorb volumes of information that you will later be able to recall with perfect clarity. Once the cylinder is raised you will want to get out of the chair and stretch a bit. Now any last questions before your first session begins?" Rod remained silent so Alistair pressed a button on a nearby control system and said "we're starting now". 

Slowly, a white cylinder about 15 feet in diameter lowered from somewhere above the chair until it rested on the floor. For all intents and purposes, Rod found himself seated in a very comfortable chair at the center of a round room. Suddenly Rod's mind spun up into high gear as he was bombarded with images, sounds, voices, and text, etc. His mind was so attuned to the constant influx of information that he failed to notice his surroundings. The stream of inflowing information stayed constant. Rod lost all track of time. Suddenly there was silence and once again Rod began to take in his surroundings - the chair, the white walls, and the blue carpet. Slowly the cylinder began to raise back up. 

"How are you feeling Rod?" Alistair questioned as he noticed the somewhat bewildered look on Rod's face. 

"I'm not quite certain. That was only ten minutes?" he asked. 

"Actually it took less than seven minutes - you learn quick!" his father answered with a proud smile. 

"Oh really! Then how come I still don't know what the lesson was about?" Rod questioned. 

"Why don't you let me ask you a few questions first. Allright?" Alistair asked. 

"Ok. Shoot." Rod replied. 

"In the Periodic Table, what does the symbol Rh refer to?" Alistair queried. 

"Rh refers to Rhodium" Rod answered. 

"Good. Tell me everything you know about Rhodium" Alistair instructed. 

"Rhodium has an Atomic number of 45 and an Atomic weight of 102.90550. In the chart it is found under the group name Precious Metal or Platinum Group Metal. Rhodium metal has a silvery white metallic coloring. Rhodium has a higher melting point and lower density than platinum. It is highly reflective and is hard and durable. It is a major component of the industrial catalytic systems such as the BP-Monsanto process" Rod stopped for a moment with a truly stunned look on his face. "Alistair, are you sure you want to hear everything I know about Rhodium? It could take several hours to say all of the things I suddenly seem to know!" Rod stated. 

"No need! I've heard enough for now and as I said earlier - you do learn quite quickly. Now that you experienced a small amount of what the ALS has to offer, let me give you a bit more information about the system. In the first few moments while you were looking about at the inside of the cylinder, ALS was querying the knowledge in your brain in an effort to find your level of expertise on the main topic it was about to present, Advanced Chemistry, and any necessary supporting knowledge. After those few seconds necessary for the query had passed, ALS began to load information into your mind using multiple pathways or, in other words, it speeded up the programming process by loading multiple chunks of information simultaneously. The last portion of time in the session was used by ALS to link the chunks of information together in appropriate ways to aid your recall and usage of the information." 

"It did all of that in less than seven minutes?" Rod asked with a note of awe in his voice. 

"Yes. That is why I know that you will be able to learn everything you need to know, which is more than you could have learned in any earthly institutions, and still have time to assist me in my business endeavors" Alistair answered. "You should get up and walk around a bit before your next session. You do want another session don't you?" Alistair asked. 

"Hell yes!" Rod replied enthusiastically. 

"Don't you worry, there are plenty more to come; however, you shouldn't do more than five in a three hour period." Alistair said. 

"Why the limit?" Rod asked. 

"Because of our need to intersperse physical and sexual excersize with mental excersize." Alistair responded. "Speaking of physical excersize, you'll notice there is a running track one level above us that surrounds the entire perimeter of the lab. You can get up there any number of ways; however this time I'd like to see use that rope climb over there." 

Rod sprinted over to the rope and began to climb. The distance between the two levels was more than twenty feet. By the time he reached the top, his arms were quite fatigued. Alistair told him to run two laps around the perimeter and then climb back down. Once Rod had completed his running and slid back down the rope, Alistair handed him a glass of an orange colored beverage. 

"What's this" Rod asked. 

"It's an orange flavored composite of vitamins, herbs, and electrolytes designed to enhance your mental and physical performance. I generally drink about four glasses of it a day. Taste it and see if you like the flavor" Alistair responded. 

"Hey! It's not bad! Are you sure this is supposed to be good to drink?" Rod said with a grin. 

"Positive!" Alistiar replied. 

Rod finished drinking the pleasant tasting beverage and returned to the ALS chair. "What's next?" he asked. 

"Well today we will stick with the basics. You've already had Chemistry. We will follow up with Mathematics, Physics, Biology, and Neurosciences. Tomorrow we will move onto some more interesting topics like Astronomy, Particle Physics, Intersteller Travel, Molecular Electronics, Martial Arts, Power and Economics, etc." 

'I sure hope my head can hold all of this stuff' Rod thought to himself as the next session began. 

Over the next few hours, Rod intermixed sessions in the ALS with periods of physical activity and conversation with his father. Periodically, Alistair would quiz Rod over some area that he had covered in the ALS to verify that everything was still working as expected. All too soon, the time in the lab had passed. 

"Rod," Alistair said, "Why not take break now? I suggest you find one or two of the lovelies prancing about our domecile and burn off some of those hormones!" 

"Alright Dad. When are we going to get together again?" Rod asked. 

"How about 2PM this afternoon?" Alistair replied. 

"Sounds like a plan. Where shall we meet?" Rod inquired. 

"Meet me outside the study. This afternoon I'll set you up in the security system so that you'll be able to wait for me in the comfort of the study" Alistair answered. 
