DISCLAIMER:
This story is a work of fiction.  Any coincidences are just that, coincidences.

   The Power of Touch by NotVeryNice (notveryniceoneeither@yahoo.com) MC, LONG, INC, ANY COMBO OF MFmf, CON, ROM

   Chapter 4

   We pulled up to our bus stop.  After we filed out of the bus and turned towards our house Eddie walked up between me and Sam.
   I turned to them.  "I've been thinking, guys.  You guys remember that pretty white dog that's always tied up outside in the yard?  The one on the way to the gas station?" 
   They both said "Yeah." in unison. 
   "I want to try something.  I know I can 'communicate' with the chameleon that mom got us, maybe I can do the same with dogs.  What do you think?" 
   "What exactly do you want to tell it?" Eddie asked. 
   "Nothing in particular.  I just want to see if it works.  Can you think of anything I should tell it?" 
   "Yeah, make it smart enough to run away from those awful neglectful neighbors." Sam said angrily.
    "Smarter, huh?  I wonder if I can actually do that." 
   "There doesn't seem to be too much you can't do, dude..." Eddie pointed out. 
   "You guys want to come with?" 
   "You two go on ahead.  I'm gonna stay home today.  I have some planning to do for that slumber party anyway." She winked at me and I just chuckled and rolled my eyes. 
   I asked Sam if she can take my bag inside, which she agreed to, so I went straight to our backyard and got my bike.  Eddie had already gone towards his house to get his bike so I rode over that way first.  I spotted his mom walking out the front door to go talk to Eddie.  I pulled up next to her and closed my eyes to focus.  She seemed to have some sort of arthritis forming in her hands and her back was just getting worn out from work, I presume.  I decided to give her the same thing I gave Mrs.  Palmer, only I wouldn't stop her cells from regenerating.  She would gradually start looking younger.  Her back should repair itself and stop bothering her and fix her arthritis. 
   I hopped off my bike and walked over to her while she waited for Eddie. I reached out for a hug and she gladly gave me one. 
   "Hey, Mrs.  Park.  How are things?" I made the changes in a split second. 
   "Arron!  Hi!  Oh, you know.  Work is work.  You two heading out somewhere?" 
   "Yeah, we're gonna go to the gas station and maybe play with that dog in that yard on the way.  You know, the one who is neglected a lot." 
   Eddie walked up to us with his bike.  "Yeah, Aaron and I will probably go play catch with it.  Throw some toys around or something." 
   "OK...  Be careful, you two." 
   We both said we would and started to ride off. 
   "Done." I told Eddie. 
   "What's done?" 
   "Your mom had some early form of arthritis forming in her hands and just an overused back.  Operative word was 'had'." 
   "Really, dude?  Awesome!  Remind me to give you a big Christmas present or something." 
   "Don't sweat it.  All it took was a little bit of effort." 
   We rode on and turned down Turner St.  The gas station was only about 2 miles from the house, a short bike ride.  The house where the dog is would be really close to the gas station.  We rode up and saw the chain link fence and a pretty white dog run up to the fence to us.  When we got closer we could see that it was a female.  She had a big doggy grin and her tail was wagging excitedly. 
   We 'parked' our bikes on the fence and walked up to the her.  Eddie put out his hand and let the dog sniff his hand.  After she started licking it, I extended my hand.  I was focusing on her already and I could tell she was really excited to see us, but sad to be stuck there.  She loved to run, I saw, because when I extended my hand and she licked me, I got images of her just going fast everywhere she could. 
   Eddie grabbed a stick that was lying on the floor nearby and threw it into the yard.  She sprinted to get it and brought it back to us, then dropped it onto the floor.  We couldn't reach the stick on the ground from where we were.  She kept on nudging it closer and grinning at us.  After a few moments, she picked the stick up with her mouth and lifted it high enough where Eddie could reach it.  He took it and threw it again. 
   "She's smart, dude." Eddie commented. 
   "I see that.  Let me look inside and see if there's anything I can do." I reached out my hand and she brought the stick to me.  I took it and leaned it against the fence.  I started petting her so I could look further in.  She seems to love getting petted.  Her pleasure centers in her brain lit up as soon as I started.  If I wanted to make her smarter, I would have increase her cognitive functions and memory.  I doubled the connections on the cognitive functions area in her brain and strengthened her memory area. "What's your name, girl?  Huh?" I got what felt like an audio file right inside my ear.  Sounded like she said *Lucy.* "Lucy, is that your name?" I kept getting a *Yes, Lucy!* 
   I tried something else.  "Where are your owners?" 
   *House!  Door!  Gone long time.* I guess I can communicate with her. 
   "Are they nice to you, girl?" 
   *Lonely.  Master opens door and gives food.  Then gone long time.  Lucy sad.  Lucy wants to run!  Can Lucy come run with you?* 
   While I sat there having a conversation with a dog, Eddie was just watching us, slack-jawed I supposed.  "Are you actually talking to her?"
   "Shh.  Lucy, I would love it if you came with me, but I can't steal you." 
   *Lucy can escape tonight, when the sun sets.  Lucy can find you.  Will you be my master?  What is your name?* 
   When the conversation started, I was getting shadows of sounds.  Sort of like being far away or maybe scattered.  Now they were coming in almost crystal clear.  Would my changes have worked that quickly? 
   "My name is Aaron and that is Eddie.  You're a very smart dog Lucy.  Just be careful, OK?  Humans are generally afraid of dogs not on leashes. You could get Animal Control called and they could get you." 
   *Lucy will stay in the shadows.  Lucy will be careful, Master Aaron.* 
   Looks like I have a dog now, haha.  "OK Lucy, I'll see you later." I patted her head and gave her a few more scratches.  She licked my hand and walked alongside me and Eddie while we got our bikes and made for the gas station. 
   "Dude, you really talked to that dog?" I could tell he was still a little skeptical. 
   "Yeah, it was weird.  It was like I was hearing her and she was really far away at first.  I made some changes in the cognitive section of her brain and after a little bit I could hear her almost like she was really talking to me." 
   "That's crazy!  What are you going to do now?" 
   "With Lucy?  Not sure yet.  At the gas station, I'm gonna get some dog food." 
   "Dog food, what for?" 
   "Oh, haha, I forgot to tell you.  Lucy said she was escaping tonight at sunset.  She's coming to my house." 
   "You're kidding!" 
   "No.  It was her idea!  She said she'd find me and she'd stay in the shadows so Animal Control wouldn't get called." 
   "Shit, man.  She really did get smarter!  Sam is gonna freak!  Haha!" 
   "Yeah, I bet she is." 
   We pulled into the gas station and spotted a police cruiser parked there. We didn't pay much attention to it and went inside.  This was a bit of a bigger convenience store than usual.  I walked up one of the aisles with Eddie right behind and spotted Kenny Williams.  He grew up in the neighborhood with us.  I waved to him and he spotted us.  He did one of those chin-lift greetings and walked towards us. 
   "Kenny, hows it going, man?" Eddie greeted him with a handshake. 
   "Not too bad, boys.  Staying outta trouble?" He's been on the force for 2 years now.  He just got his own vehicle. 
   Kenny turned and shook my hand.  I got a sudden crazy idea.  "Us?  Trouble?  Whatever do you mean, officer?" I smirked at him while I said that. 
   "Yeah, yeah.  I know you guys aren't gonna go around doing stupid stuff. How's your moms?  Steve?  Sam?" 
   "Same old, same old.  You know how it is.  Routine every day, that's the American way!" Eddie responded. 
   "Hey Kenny, you got a minute?" I wanted to talk to him, but not here in the store. 
   "Yeah, what's up?  Something wrong?" 
   "Oh, everything is fine.  I just wanted to bounce something off you.  Do you work tonight, or are you getting off work soon?" 
   "My shift is almost done.  I can drop by tonight, if you want." 
   "Yeah, that'd be great.  Maybe I can get my mom to make you another plate and you can have dinner with us?" 
   "A home cooked meal sounds awesome!  I've been living off Chef Boyardee ever since my mom hurt her hip.  She hasn't been up for cooking much lately. With dad gone, it's just us now." His dad had passed away a few years ago, from a heart attack. 
   "Just come by after work!" 
   "Will do, Aaron, Thanks!" 
   We waved and he left with his bags of goodies he'd already bought. 
   "What are you thinking, Aaron?" 
   "Remember how I wanted to make a difference, but didn't know how?  What's a better way to do it than to make a good honest cop much better at his job than the bad guys?" 
   "Wow, that is a good idea.  Just make sure you don't make any bad cops better.  That'd be bad!" 
   "Good thinking, Eddie.  I'll keep that in mind." 
   After we got our bag of dog food, we rode back towards out house.  We don't ride directly by Lucy if we go straight to the gas station, so we didn't see her.  I pulled up to my house and it was getting close to dinner time. 
   Eddie just kept riding and yelled out "Later, dude!" 
   I waved to him and put my bike in the backyard and went inside.  I was not prepared to see what was happening in my house.  Mom, Sam, and Stupid Steve were all sitting at the kitchen table playing Risk.  This was particularly odd because Stupid Steve hates board games.  I mean he HATES them.  We got him to play Sorry with us once and he ended up flipping the whole table because he lost.  We didn't try to get him to play anything else after that. 
   I watched a bit because I was so shocked and since mom and Sam were turned away from me, Stupid Steve was the only one who saw me.  "Hey, Aaron, come join us!  I'm getting teamed up on over here, they have already formed a girl squad.  I need an ally!" 
   I walked over and started playing, still a little wary of the whole situation.  They had started only a few minutes ago, so they were still setting up the pieces.  I chose red because when I was little, Sam and I would watch Power Rangers all the time.  I was always the Red Ranger and it just stuck that way.  I'm always red everything, when I can pick anyway.  I put my pieces down on the South America tiles because they weren't taken. 
   "Mom, I invited Kenny over later, OK?" 
   "That's fine, sweetie.  I already cooked dinner.  It's ready in the stove.  Are you hungry or do you want to wait to eat with Kenny?  Go, it's your turn." 
   I put my guys down and attacked Sam.  I tend to always play the blitzkrieg strategy with Risk.  "I'll eat with Kenny.  Did you all eat already?" 
   "Yeah, Sam ate a little bit ago with us.  Your mom and I decided to play hookie today and stayed home." 
   "I don't know what's gotten into us, huh, hun?  It's like we're teenagers again!" She giggled and leaned over and kissed Stupid Steve. 
   "Listen.  Aaron, Sam, I really want to say that I'm sorry about being so grouchy to you two.  I don't know what was wrong with me.  I just feel like I'm happy for the first time in a long time.  Now I realize how I've been and I'm sorry." 
   Sam and I exchanged looks.  Looks like my little tweak worked.  Maybe I should stop calling him Stupid Steve. 
   "Uhh, OK.  It's fine, as long as we are all getting along, everything is cool." I was the first one to talk after a few moments.  This was the first time Steve has ever apologized for anything. 
   "Yeah, Steve, we're cool." Sam smiled at him. 
   We continued to play and actually had a great time.  The first time he got attacked was by mom.  I guess both Sam and I were still hesitant, even after the apology.  Steve just growled at her and smiled.  I guess he was fair game now.  He really sucks at this, it seems.  He kept putting all his guys on the wrong tiles and leaving open areas, which would then be immediately attacked.  Needless to say, he was the first to lose.  No table flipping this time.  He just laughed and said good game. 
   Sam and I exchanged glances then looked at mom.  She smiled at us and shrugged her shoulders.  Steve called out from the fridge and asked if we wanted anything.  Sam yelled back "Coke and an iced tea?" 
   "Coming right up!" He handed me a coke and Sam an iced tea.  Then walked around to mom and leaned her back and kissed her.  Sam and I did our required duties then and "Ewww" "Gross"-ed until they stopped being lovey-dovey in front of us.  Mom caught her breath and whispered "Later!" but we all heard it. 
   Steve walked over to his Lay-Z-Boy and sat down with a beer that he had gotten from the fridge.  Mom did a visible sigh.  I read her really quick and saw that she was sopping wet and her heart was pounding.  Jeez, she was a teenager! 
   Our game ended soon after that.  Sam was apparently a tactical genius because she had managed to conquer the world with very few losses.  While we were cleaning up, there was a knock on the door.  I was closest, so I answered it.  Kenny was here. 
   "Kenny, hey!  Mom made some dinner, it's in the oven.  I don't know what it is either, so it's a surprise all around." 
   "Anything is fine by me.  I stopped at home and made mom something quick, then jetted over here.  I'm starving.  Hi, Mrs.  Morez, Mr.  Morez!" 
   "Hi, Kenny!" "Evening!" They were wayyy too engrossed in themselves to notice much. 
   "Come on, man.  They just keep acting like teenagers.  Let's go eat out in the patio." 
   "Sweet." He followed me into the kitchen and made his plate.  Beef stew. Mom always made some great stew.  Come to think of it, she's a great cook all around. 
   We walked out to the patio table and sat down.  "What did you want to ask me?  I figured you wanted to be out of earshot of your mom, that's why we're out here?" 
   "You're gonna make a great cop, Kenny!  Haha.  Hmm" I thought for a second on how I was going to say this.  "Honestly, how are things around here?  As a cop, I mean.  I know that this side of town isn't the greatest, but from your perspective." 
   He looked at me for a bit while he chewed.  "It's actually been getting pretty bad.  There has been this group of guys that moved here a few years ago and they've been into all kinds of stuff.  Drugs, prostitution, you name it.  Worse off is that they've been recruiting, the detectives say.  Why do you ask?" 
   "Well, I was wondering because I wanted to ask you something.  If you could be better than them, faster reflexes, better natural sight, stronger, faster...  Would you like that?" 
   "Well, of course, but how would I get all that?" 
   "A few days ago, I discovered something.  It's really weird to explain. I don't know how, but I can change people" 
   "Change people how?" He was talking around a big mouthful of potatoes. I held out my arm and made a black and white printed out words that spelled 'ANY WHICH WAY I WANT'.  Kenny nearly spit his food everywhere.  He grabbed my arm and ran his fingers over the words.  He looked at them this way and that looking for god knows what.  "How'd you do that?" 
   "This is what I wanted to show you.  I can change you, if you want.  You just can't tell anyone." 
   "Is this a magic trick or a gimmick or something?" 
   "No, man!  Look, I'll prove it to you.  Gimme your hand." 
   He looked at me and hesitantly held out his hand.  I put my hand on his arm and closed my eyes.  Looking around I saw a couple of alarming things. Looks like his dad, and consequently Kenny, had a genetic malformation on a valve on their hearts.  I guess that's why he had a heart attack so young.  I fixed it and looked around some more.  He's a pretty healthy 20-year-old.  "You have a small heart defect.  One of the valves is malformed, but only enough that it'll only cause you problems when you're older.  I fixed it for you." I made his muscles more reflexive and stronger.  He can now heal faster and his blood can clot a whole lot faster.  His body looks for way to improve itself too.  I also made his bones, ligaments, and tendons much stronger to handle his stronger muscles.  I changed his eyes and made his normal sight much sharper.  Then I decided to give him much stronger night vision, similar to owls.  I also fixed a very mild scarring in his ear drums (probably from listening to music too loudly when he was younger) and made them stronger and more sensitive.  Let's call this the police upgrade. 
   That all happened in the span of a couple of seconds.  I let go of his arm and he jumped up in surprise.  Luckily, he didn't sit under the table or he would have sent it flying across the yard.  He didn't know his own strength so he jumped a good 6 feet off the ground.  "Holy shit!  How did I do that?" He jumped again, this time in full force.  He cleared 10 feet easy.  "WHOA!  This is awesome!  What else did you do?" 
   "I improved your day and night sight, made you stronger, faster, and more durable.  You can also clot and heal much more efficiently." I was smiling at how excited he was. 
   "You gotta tell the whole world about this!  This is amazing!" 
   "What??  No!  You can't tell anyone about this!  Especially not the world?" 
   "Why not?  You can't keep this bottled in!  People need to know!" 
   "You can't!  Don't you see what will happen if you do?" He wasn't listening anymore, apparently. 
   "I'm gonna call in my whole squad so they can get upgraded too!" 
   "No, Stop!" I reached out to grab his arm, but missed because he was fast.  Lucky for me, I was fast too, except he didn't know that.  I made a slow move to grab his arm and expected him to counter it and grabbed his other hand much faster.  I focused in and told him to sleep, in an instant. He dropped down to the ground in a heap. 
   Shit!  This is what I was afraid of.  What do I do?  I looked down at Kenny while he slept soundly.  I couldn't exactly change his mind or anything.  I guess the only thing to do was to make him want to listen to me.  I reached down and make the adult changes to him.  I woke him up. 
   "Whoa, what happened?  Aaron?  What did you do this time?" I must have put him under hard, he was really groggy. 
   "I put you to sleep.  You were going to blab about me to everyone.  You aren't doing that anymore.  You'd going to keep this a secret and you are going to try to keep your new abilities a secret too, understand?" 
   "Sure, anything you say!" He started to stand up. 
   "Listen, Kenny, I didn't want to mess with you more than would have been helpful, but you weren't listening.  You're going to treat me like you always do, cool?" 
   "Sure, man!" 
    "OK, then.  Listen, go home and take care of your mom.  Nothing else has changed in your life, just do as much as you can to make the world better, OK?" 
   "You got it, Aaron.  I'll talk to you later, huh?" He smiled and extended his hand. 
   I shook it and he went to leave.  Looking over his shoulder he said: "Stay outta trouble!" And left. 
   I sat heavily on the patio chair.  That was almost a crisis!  I looked at the table.  Kenny ate most of his food, I had finished mine.  I looked up into the night and relaxed a bit and calmed down. 
   I heard some rustling on the grass and saw my neighbor step out from around her side of the yard. 
   She walked up to my patio and stopped short of the concrete.  She was really pretty, actually.  She has dark blonde hair and seems to be a few inches shorter than me.  She was wearing comfortable sweats and a tank top. She had some nice perky B's I'd guess.  They didn't sag at all and I knew that because she wasn't wearing a bra.  Her nipples were poking through her tank top. 
   "Hi." was all she said. 
   "...Hi.  What can I do for you?" I had never talked to her before. 
   "I live next door.  Funny story, I went out for a smoke and I heard you two talking.  I thought you were just talking about a video game or something.  Then I saw that guy jump clearly higher than he should be able to.  I listened some more and then the guy left." 
   I looked at her thinking about how much my world could get turned upside down.  What did this girl want?  What could I possibly give her?  Is she going to blackmail me?  Turn me in?  If so, to who?  There were many questions running through my mind, but my mouth was shut. 
   "Relax." She chuckled.  "Aaron, right? 
   "Yeah?" 
   "I'm not going to tell the whole world.  You don't need to put me to sleep or do whatever it is you did to make that guy calm down." 
   "OK...  What do you want then?" 
   "I hate asking people for anything.  I want you to know that off the bat. Can I sit down?" 
   "Uhh, yeah, here." I pulled out a chair for her.  She sat down and dragged the chair a bit close to me.  She crossed her legs and lightly touched mine to hers. 
   She sighed and closed her eyes.  "When I was 23 I was diagnosed with ovarian cancer.  They did a full hysterectomy on me because it was beginning to spread.  I hate asking this from you, but I heard the changes you made on that guy.  I don't want super speed or anything like that.  I just want to be able to have kids.  Can you do that?  Please?" 
   I must have opened my mouth at some point.  I just sat there and stared at her.  She really was pretty.  She had this country girl, girl-next-door type appeal that I was finding very attractive.  I guess the flannel pajama pants might have been where the country vibe came from.  I noticed my mouth was open and I shut it.  I reached out my hand and she went to place hers on mine, but withdrew. 
   "Please, don't do what you did to that guy in the end.  I don't want to be a slave or anything.  I won't tell anyone about you, I swear!" She seemed like she was close to tears. 
   "What's your name?" 
   "Angela Buckler.  You can call me Angie" 
   "I won't do anything to you that you won't want, I promise." I made a crossing motion over my heart. 
   She reached out again and I held her hand.  I focused and saw all the residual damage from the chemo, the incision and suture marks from the operation.  I saw in her DNA what her reproductive system was supposed to be like and I saw the cells that had a predisposition to mutate, causing cancer.  I used her own energy to grow and reshape her insides.  I hear her making some noises.  "Are you OK?" 
   "Yeah, it just feels really weird what you're doing."  She said out of breath.  
   I finished reforming an immature reproductive system.  It would grow on its own in a few months.  I couldn't make a full completely mature one because as I made it, I was using her life force to create it.  I saw it dim a little bit and I didn't want to push it too hard.  All the changes up until now hadn't actually created anything.  This was the first time I created something.  Maybe life force is what I use to do this.  Since I upped my metabolism and everything, I might have quite a bit more life force to work with that normal people, but it stands to reason that if I push too hard, I could kill someone by draining their life force while trying to help them. 
   I looked around her body and noted that the abnormal cells were in other parts too.  I added to her immune system the 'blueprint' I guess of those types of cells and her white blood cells would continue to fight and kill any type of cell that could someday turn into cancer. 
   I opened my eyes and looked at Angie.  She had been looking at me the whole time.  "OK, Angie.  I created an immature reproductive system and fixed all the stuff that the doctors cut out.  Be warned though, that it's still growing and will keep growing for a few months.  You shouldn't feel any type of pain, maybe some weird pressure.  I also took the liberty to scan your body and saw the same types of cells that were abnormal in your original ovaries were also present in other areas of your body.  I 'taught', I guess, your immune system to fight those cells." 
   She sat there in shock.  "Are you serious?  You fixed me?" 
   "Yeah, it'll just take a few months for it to mature." 
   She basically launched herself at me and kissed me full on the lips about 1000 times.  "Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you." 
   On one of the kisses she lingered and I put my hands around her and kissed back.  I felt he hug me tighter and spread her lips a little.  I followed suit and she kissed me harder and stuck her tongue, tentatively, in my mouth.  This was the first girl I'd ever kissed and I wasn't quite sure what to do. I just kept copying what she did.  We kissed for a little while and I began to wonder about mom and Steve.  I tried to focus but it was a distracting with her kissing me and all.  I focused harder and saw mom and Steve up in their bedroom.  It took a bit more energy than I normally used since Angie was busy showing me some awesome new feelings.  I focused a bit more and was able to connect to mom. 
   Once I did connect to her I saw immediately that she was getting fucked. Not just fucked, but fucked hard.  Steve was really letting her have it.  Angie, all of the sudden, moaned really hard into my mouth and snaked a hand between us to her crotch.  She mumbled into my mouth: "Oh my god!  What is that?!  I feel like I'm getting fucked really good!" 
   I pulled back and looked at her.  She was panting and her hand was inside her pants.  "What happened?  What was that?  What did you do to me?" She was looking at me with wonder and lust. 
   "You felt that?" I asked her trying to understand what it is that just happened. 
   "Oh my god, yes!  That was amazing!  What was it?" Her hand was still moving in her pants, just a bit slower now. 
   "I connected with my mom right when you started to moan into my mouth. You really felt my mom?  Steve was really pounding her, wasn't he?" 
   "Connected?  Oh, I don't care right now, just kiss me again and reconnect to her!" She leaned in and kissed me again. 
   I pushed her off gently and said "Hold on a second." I closed my eyes and focused.  Mom was upstairs getting royally railed by Steve and Sam was...  still downstairs it looked like.  I focused a little more and realized she is standing at the edge of the blinds watching us.  Hehe, that little sneak.  "I'll be right back, then we can kiss some more!" I smiled at her and got up. 
   I opened the door, peeked in, and looked at Sam. 
    "Looks like you're about to get laid, Aaron." She said and smirked at me. "Ready to lose your V-card?" 
   "What makes you think I'm a virgin?" I defended myself. 
   She just gave me a 'really?  come one...' stare and said: "Go, I'll cover for you." She reached over and turned off the porch lights and sat back on the couch. 
   I closed the door again and looked at Angie.  She was still looking at me with lust and wonder and still rubbing her pussy in her pants.  "A virgin, huh?" I felt my cheeks go red.  "Your sister is pretty nice if she's covering for you..." Her hands never stopped.  "Since she is covering for you, why don't you come over to my place?" She stood up and took her hand out of her pants.  She reached over and took my hand and lifted hers in front of my face.  I could smell her sex on her fingers.  I closed my eyes and took a big whiff.  After I opened my eyes I saw that she was smiling at me. 
   She turned around and held my hand.  We must have walked to her house, but I swear I did one of those old cartoon style moves where they smell something so delicious that they float along the smell.  I swear that's what I did.  I walked into her house and shut the door behind me.  She had a decent setup.  Nice couch, TV, coffee table, etc...  Nothing extravagant. She led me upstairs and to her bedroom.  The layout here was the same as my house.  the other two doors upstairs were closed.  I followed her to her room a little anxious about what will happen.     She must have picked up on that because when she turned around, she looked right at me and said: "Don't worry, Aaron.  I'll take care of everything." 
   Angie led me to her soft bed and had me sit down on it.  She backed up a couple of steps and started to sway her hips.  She reached her hands to her shirt and lifted it slowly up.  I sat there, on her bed, hard as a rock, watching this amazing woman strip in front of me.  I was awestruck.  She finished lifting her shirt up and over and I saw her beautiful tits.  They were apple sized and had zero sag.  Her nipples were prominent and very aroused.  I guess I had my mouth open again because she reached up and shut it with a finger, the same finger that was playing with her pussy earlier.  I knew this because she wiped it on my lips, afterwards. 
   She turned around and leaned down while she pulled her pants agonizingly slowly over her hips.  When they cleared her hips, she stood up and they just fell to the floor.  She doesn't like panties either, apparently. 
   She walked to me and pushed me down gently and leaned next to my ear.  "Scooch up a little..." She licked my earlobe after she said that and backed up.  I scooched up until I was laying with only my lower legs hanging off the bed.  She undid my buttons on my pants and pulled it down, following it with kisses.  She must be some kind of a witch or gypsy or something because she was able to pull my pants and underwear down together with me laying down, not helping at all.  She looked up at the newly appeared appendage.  I wasn't ashamed of my size or girth, so I didn't think much of it. 
   "Say...  You can change your body on command, right?  Can you make it bigger and wider?" 
   I looked at my dick.  It was already 7" and fit my hand (and Sam's) just fine, however, a request of that sort just can't be denied.  I closed my eyes and focused and gave myself another 2 inches and widened it a bit more. "Good?" 
   "Perfect..." she whispered this and crawled up the bed until she was looking down at my balls.  She took one loooong lick from my balls to the tip and took the head into her mouth.  She moaned around it and lovingly started to lick it and bob. 
   "I can do another trick, but it involves changing you." 
   She slurped as she popped my cock out of her mouth.  "What's that, then?" 
   "I can connect the nerves in your pussy, ass, and nipples to your mouth. It'll be like youre getting DPed and getting your nipples played all with while you suck." 
   She had put my dick back in her mouth while she listened.  She slurped again and looked at me with lust and adoration.  "OK, but only because you asked." 
   She started to pump my dick and lick in time with her fists.  I focused and made the changes to her.  I heard a loud moan around my dick.  She lifted off with some spit connecting her lips to my dick.  she pumped me and growled.  "Hmmmm....  That was a nice little trick you got there...  (she licked my dick again) Can you do what you did outside?" 
   "I can try, I'm not completely sure how I did it." She went back to her amazing blowjob.  I focused and saw that it was just as difficult as it was down in my patio.  It must have something to do with getting a blowjob or maybe touching someone while I try to focus on someone else?  I saw that my mom was next door.  Walls apparently don't stop me from connecting to her in her room, although it was a bit tricky to do it.  She's still getting pounded hardcore by Steve.  Angie had been making increasingly louder noises while she sucked on me and once I made the connection she started to buck her hips on my leg and her whole body started to shake. 
   She, apparently, was having such a hard orgasm from getting stimulation directly to her erogenous zones and to her mind from connecting to my mom that she just pulled her mouth off my dick, clenched her fist really hard, pumped my dick like there's no tomorrow, and moaned really loud!  She didn't come down for a good 60 seconds.  My dick was painfully throbbing, but she was still holding it.  She leaned over and growled while she attacked it with her mouth.  It was like she was trying to give me an orgasm as hard as the one I gave her. 
   It didn't take long.  I shot into her mouth a couple of minutes after her initial assault after her orgasm.  She swallowed every drop and kept licking it.  I felt drained, but I didn't want to be done just yet.  I focused on my body and gave myself incredible staying powers.  I stayed hard and was immediately ready to go again. 
   She looked up at me and smiled.  She crawled up and kissed me while she flipped a leg over my hips.  She reached between us and ran my dick up and down her pussy. 
   "Wait, wait.  I can't go in your pussy, remember?  I might damage your immature organs there, especially with this monster." 
   She stopped moving for a second and then got a Cheshire Cat smile across her face.  She sat up and brought her other hand to her mouth.  She took spit and reached behind her while still pumping my dick and rubbing it on her pussy and over her clit.  I didn't notice until now, but she had a really pronounced clit.  I reached down and put my hand on her leg while I toyed with it with my thumb.  She was done with whatever she was doing because she straightened out and shifted her hips.  She had leaned forward a bit so I couldn't see much of what was going on, but I felt my dick push up against something really hot.  She balanced on her legs and reached between us with her other hand and grabbed the bottom of my dick and squeezed hard while she was toying with the head with her other hand behind her.  I just laid back and enjoyed it all with my eyes closed. 
   I felt more pressure at my dickhead and it suddenly popped inside her. I opened my eyes and was about to tell her that I can't fuck her pussy when she leaned back again.  She put her hands on either side and spread her legs.  I saw her pussy in all its glory without my dick in it.  I looked further down and saw the head firmly inserted into her asshole.  She looked at me and smiled and pushed herself down on my cock. 
   She couldn't get it in one go, so she would go up and down pushing further each time.  It took a good 8 or 9 tries until she settled her nice ass on my legs.  "Whew!  Big boy." She winked at me, then started to lift off and settle again.  The feeling was indescribable.  I involuntarily humped back and she started to match my humps.  Within a couple of minutes I was humping up and she was almost slamming herself down on me. 
   By that time, she had already had 3 great looking orgasms, I think.  Every time she did, she'd slam down hard and play with her clit.  I saw (and felt) her pussy contract really visibly once, hold, let go and do it again.  4 or 5 times with a nice 1 second hold.  Then she would clench in quick waves and once it subsided she would start fucking her asshole on my dick again. 
   She kept regularly adding spit for lubrication along with her seeping pussy juices so she wouldn't have to stop fucking me. 
   "I've never had anyone in my ass this long without them cumming.  You're incredible!" Her erogenous zones were still tied together so her clit and nipples were getting a workout even when she wasn't touching them.  "I want you to cum in my ass!" She kept bouncing. 
   I reached underneath her and easily lifted.  I guess she weighed maybe 115 lbs.  I could probably lift 600 or 700.  I held her up and started to buck my hips into her.  Faster and faster until I felt that feeling behind my balls.  This time it was a bit different.  It wasn't a creeping feeling, like its coming.  It was more like 'lookout, a tsunami is coming!'.  I felt something huge getting ready to take place and I redoubled my efforts and by then I was taking 7 or 8 inch lurches into her ass while she was incoherently cumming on my dick.  I saw her juices leaking out of her pussy. I knew I was there and I just let go.  She sat up and moaned one last time, louder than ever.  I know I couldn't measure it but, it felt like gallons, right in her ass. 
   Some cum started to dribble out of her ass and she sat back on the bed. She sat up and rushed to her shirt.  She held her shirt against her ass and trotted to the master bath.  I just laid in bed savoring my post coital relaxed self. 
   She came out moments later and went straight around the bed to the side where my head was closest and kissed me hard. 
   "By far...  The best...  Fuck...  Ever!" She said between passionate kisses.  I just smiled up at her. 
   "Want me to reverse that trick?" 
   She had stood up while I said that.  She leaned back down and bit my neck lightly then whispered in my ear: "Not in a million years..." 
   And walked around the bed.  She gathered my clothes and set them on her bed and helped me sit up. 
   "It's getting late, Aaron.  You should head home." 
   I closed my eyes and focused.  Mom was passed out and her pussy and ass were a little sore.  Steve was passed out right next to her with a half a chub.  Sam was in her room now, on her phone. 
   "Nobody is going to miss me right now.  Want to go for round 2?" I never wanted to stop! 
   "Next time, tiger.  I know where you live after all." She winked at me and tossed me my shirt. 
   She watched me get dressed and walked with me out of her bedroom.  One of the other doors was open.  I could have sworn they were both closed before.  We walked downstairs and there was a beautiful girl in just her panties eating an apple at the table at the bottom of the stairs.  She was truly a vision.  Raven black hair, light freckles on her nose and shoulders, petite little tits with nice little nipples and steel grey eyes.  Her nipples, navel, and eyebrows were pierced.  She locked eyes with me and just kept on eating her apple while I stared at her pretty little tits. 
   "Valerie, what are you doing?" Angie asked her. 
   "Eating an apple, sis.  Isn't it obvious?  It was too hard to sleep with you screaming and moaning and cumming every 5 minutes.  Who's this?" 
   "Uhh, hi.  I'm Aaron." I walked up to her and she extended her hand for me to take.  I leaned down and kissed it, while looking at her.  I saw that in a movie once... 
   "Mmmm.  He's a sexy young boy toy.  Where did you find this one?" 
   "Next door, surprisingly." 
   "Next door, like, next door neighbor?" 
   "Yes, just like that..." 
   We had been making our way to the back door this whole time.  I looked at Angie and said a little hushed: "Don't tell anyone, OK?" 
   "Tell anyone what, lover-boy?" 
   Angie leaned back and looked over her shoulder at Valerie.  "That him and I hooked up.  Go to bed, nosy." Then she leaned in close to me and whispered: "I won't, promise." Then Angie kissed me lightly. I stepped back and into the night and she closed the door.  I stood still for a second not quite believing what happened.  I started to walk around the bush when a white figure walked towards me. 
   "LUCY!" She found me after all.  She panted and gave me a big doggy grin while she walked up to me.  I knelt down and started rubbing her neck and chest.  I connected to her.  *Lucy found you master.  Did you mate with the female human?* 
   Whoa, her speech, I guess you could call it, is getting even better.  "Yes, Lucy, and it was very nice." *Lucy is glad.  Can Lucy sleep here, master?  Lucy is also hungry.* She licked me while she said that. 
   "I don't know, Lucy.  I have to make sure with my mom if it's OK for you to stay.  I did get you some food, though.  Wait out here." I went into the house and grabbed the bag I had left by the door and came back outside.  Lucy was sitting patiently right where I asked her to wait.  I beckoned to her and she grinned at me and patted over.  I spilled what I thought was a good amount of food on the ground for her.  I petted her back while she ate. 
   *Thank you, master.  This is good.  Lucy prefers beef than chicken, though.  Lucy doesn't know why, but Lucy can understand quite a bit more than Lucy could yesterday.* 
   She kept on eating and 'talking' to me.  "I helped you Lucy.  I helped you understand more.  Are you happy about that?" 
   *Lucy is happy, master.  Lucy can sleep out here.  There is a spot in that bush that is nice and soft.  Lucy will sleep there until master can find out if Lucy can stay.* 
   "OK Lucy.  I'll find out tomorrow.  Just remember, that you don't want to be seen.  I don't want the dog catcher coming to get you." I hugged her and she wrapped her paw around me.  She really is a smart dog. 
   *Good night, master.  Lucy will watch your house and protect it.* 
   I smiled at her and petted her head again.  She grinned at me and went back to eating.  I walked back inside and got some water and put it into a big bowl.  I set to bowl of water next to Lucy and petted her again.  Then turned around and went back inside.  What a night.... 
   I walked upstairs and peeked in Sam's room. 
   "How was she?  I could hear her from here..." 
   I laughed and walked inside.  "I couldn't even try to describe it.  It was awesome." 
   "How did all that start anyway?" She put her phone down and looked at me. 
   I looked back while I sat on her bed.  "Remember Kenny?  (she nodded) Eddie and I ran into him at the gas station today.  He came over and we went to eat outside.  I asked him how things were around here from a cops perspective and he said that they were getting worse.  Apparently, there is a gang, or something, in town that is formidable.  I asked him if he would like to be upgraded and he said yes.  I made him better and he wanted to tell everyone.  He was making a lot of noise and I had to put him to sleep.  Then I made him into a kind of slave for me.  He's still the same, he just does what I say, if I tell him to do it.  All I told him to do was not tell anyone and to try to keep a low profile.  After he left, the neighbor walked over there and said she heard it all.  She asked me to reverse her hysterectomy.  I did and one thing led to another and next thing I knew I was balls deep in her asshole." 
   Sam just looked at me for a moment.  "Wow..." 
   "Yeah.  Wow..." 
   "You fucked the neighbor in the ass?" She wasn't turned off by this, apparently. 
   "Well...  She kinda fucked ME with her asshole...  Oh, and she asked me to grown my dick too." 
   "How much?" 
   "2 more inches and wider." 
   "Can I see?" 
   I looked at her and smiled my naughtiest smile.  "Of course..." 
   I stood up and dropped trou'. 
   I was only half hard but you could tell that it was bigger.  Sam reached out and started to stroke it.  It was completely hard in no time. 
   "Did you wash it since you fucked her ass with it?" She kept on pumping. She's a good girl, hehe. 
   "Haven't had a chance..." 
   "Dang, that's too bad.  I wanna try this monster out with my mouth..." She looked at it in adoration.  She got off the bed and kneeled in front of me.  She kept pumping and started to use her other hand to tickle my balls. I was getting close, the more she did it.  It didn't take all that long.  The only reason I lasted with Angie was because I wanted to.  I came after a few more minutes of her expert hands.  She had aimed it at her open mouth and caught most of it.  It really did seem like more than usual.  She looked me in the eyes and showed me how she caught it in her mouth.  She had a glob or two running down her cheek and chin.  She closed her mouth and made an overly dramatic swallowing motion and showed me it was all gone. 
   I smiled at her and stood her up.  I laid her back in bed and wrapped my hands around her legs, putting my head between.  I looked to the sides and bit her inner thighs as I went lower and lower.  I took her panties off her hips and pulled them off with my teeth. 
   "Mmmmm.  I like!" She mewled at me. 
   I focused on her and saw that, apparently, she heard it all through our walls and it turned her on.  She was already primed and ready to blow.  I don't know if she played with herself or not, but I dove right in and sucked hard on her clit.  She still had the nerve connections on her erogenous zones so she was bucking hard instantly.  I hadn't thought to silence her so she made a sudden cry.  My eyes got wide and I muted her.  I reached as far as I could inside her pussy then I went lower and repeated it with her asshole.  I brought my tongue back up to her clit and sucked and bit it lightly again.  I reached up with my fingers and probed her pussy with two fingers from my right hand. 
   I pushed them right in.  She enjoyed that.  I pulled them out.  She complained, so I pushed 2 fingers from my left hand in and she enjoyed that too.  Then I surprised her and put my right two fingers at her ass hole and slowly pushed.  She went still.  I pushed harder and as soon as I went in she tilted her hips down and engulfed my two fingers with her ass.  Hmm... Maybe I might want to try putting other interesting appendages in there.  I pulled out my fingers and pushed them back in her asshole while I coaxed her g-spot to cum.  I wasn't sucking on her clit anymore because I was flicking her clit and pushing it this way and that. 
   She froze again and I felt her pussy clench and her ass clench harder. She was having one delicious orgasm right now.  Clench...  Clench...  Clench clench clench.  Then she relaxed a bit.  I withdrew slowly and saw how wet my hands were.  This girl cums hard.  I smiled.  I looked up at her and she was already half asleep.  I tucked her in and left the room after kissing her forehead.  I took a shower because I was still pretty sticky from sweat and copious amounts of sex. 
   Wow.  I actually had sex!  Anal counts, right? 
   I fell asleep immediately once I laid my head down.  Thankfully, because of my new and improved memory, I will remember every detail of that day forever. 


   Critiques?  Send me an email at notveryniceoneeither@yahoo.com Constructive criticism is always welcome.  
