DG was surprised to see Ine'che in her room, bent over the sketchbook she had been working in before all of her morning meetings. "Oh. Hey. I'm sorry I bailed on our magic lesson," she said, coming into the room with an apologetic smile. She was dressed in black leggings and a purple shirt, which had scandalized the head of the palace guard. Still, he had understood her request and started to work on simple blocks and how to get out of grabs.

"I was... I am not focused enough at the moment to be of service as an educator," Ine'che replied. She was staring at the drawing of her wyvern form, fingertips brushing over the penciled shape of her wings. "I wish to discuss something."

DG plopped down beside her, eyes wide. "Sure. Go on."

"Ataio and I have..." Ine'che put the sketchbook down and looked at DG's earnest expression. "We have formed an alliance of sorts."

"Well, sure. You both teach me magic," DG said once she fell silent.

"It became more than that," Ine'che said faintly. "I thought it was a mere dalliance, but..."

DG grinned. "Oh! You mean the two of you are like me and Wyatt! That's great!"

Ine'che managed not to wince at her enthusiasm. "Perhaps. But you and your companion have not yet formally bonded. Or procreated."

"Well, yeah," DG replied with a snort. "I mean, there's stuff to do. Thank God for the potions they have here, or I'd probably have been knocked up long before now. I think my mother would've killed me for sure. She's barely tolerating us sleeping together right now as it is." She stopped rambling when she noticed Ine'che's pained expression. "But you're talking about you right now, aren't you?"

Ine'che nodded. "I had not considered my phase." At DG's blank look, Ine'che explained. "It's what we call the fertile period in my people. It happens twice an annual in a bonded pair."

"So you're expecting?" DG asked, getting excited. Ine'che nodded. "Can I be godmother?"

The wyvern looked at DG blankly. "What's that?"

"Oh. I don't even know if they do that here. But on the Other Side, where I grew up, friends of the parents would get to be godparents. They stand up in the church for the kid and help out in other ways. And we're friends, so I could totally be a godmother for your baby. And Wyatt could be the godfather, too."

Ine'che was startled by DG's guileless chatter, but supposed she was right. They were friends; Ine'che had come to DG to discuss this issue not just because there was no one else to discuss it with but because she honestly wanted DG's opinion. It had been such a long time since Ine'che had a friend that she had forgotten what it was like.

"It is not something in wyvern customs," Ine'che murmured. "But this is what I wanted to speak about. I must choose a form for the child. I can't change shape until it is fully formed, or risk harming it irreparably." DG gave her a sympathetic nod and grabbed her hand tightly in support. "I have no people if I choose wyvern form. There are plenty of humans, but..."

"We're not your people," DG said with a nod. "So you want to keep the baby, then? That seems to be a definite."

She hadn't thought of it that way. "I suppose I do."

"Well, you don't have to be the only wyvern, you know," DG told her in a matter-of-fact tone. "We can go to Milltown. They're robots and androids there. They built my parents on the Other Side. I was with them for fifteen years and never knew they weren't really my parents. So we can always build wyverns. And you can live on the Northern Ice Floe in those caverns. Or the Northern Island Palace. We don't want it, and it's just sitting there." DG smiled at her shock brightly. "So you can have a lot of wyverns helping you out. You could probably even make people you used to know to help."

Ine'che firmly shook her head. "No, I couldn't do that."

"Well, you can tell them what you'd need. So you can do that if you want. But if you want to do the human thing... You should talk to my mother. I haven't ever had a kid and I never even babysat before. I didn't really have a lot of close friends on the Other Side 'cause I always felt different and weird. I don't know what it would take to raise a baby, but it's probably a lot, right? So you can ask her what it's like. She had two kids, after all."

Ine'che smiled. "I hadn't thought of her as a resource."

"Yeah, well, neither do I sometimes," DG admitted sheepishly. "And this will give her something to do besides plan this elaborate wedding of doom! So go! Talk to her about baby stuff and see what you want to do. I'll help either way, even if I don't know what I'm doing. Okay?"

Ine'che stood, her smile more confident. "All right. Thank you."

DG leapt to her feet and impulsively wrapped Ine'che into a hug. "I know he's like a million years old or something, but do you want me to give Ataio a talking to? I mean, knocking up my friend is a big deal. He'd better stick around a while, you know?"

She laughed and shook her head. "He plans on doing just that. He's waiting for my decision."

"Oh." DG smiled. "So I won't harass him too much, then."

DG glanced down at her sketchbook after Ine'che left. Maybe she ought to visit Milltown anyway. Regardless of which form Ine'che chose to take, she might like a few wyvern friends to fly with. It wouldn't be the same as it was thousands of years ago in the Mirror Zone, but it had to be better than being lonely.
***
The emeralds were distributed to the proper leaders of the Low Realms in the Mirror Zone. All of the Shadow Brigade generals were accounted for, which further swelled their ranks. The army was impressive in scope, and the Shadow Brigade was willing to help move the more corporeal members of the army quickly. Azkadellia stepped outside of the inn and into the half light of the Glorious Pale. The mist swirled around her feet, and the perpetual twilight was almost familiar and comforting at this point.

I dreamt of this, Aliana whispered to Azkadellia. I dreamt of this half light, of this night. I had not known of this place, but this is what I wanted to create. The suns were too bright in that land, too much. I'm surprised water ever survived in your land.

Azkadellia turned her face up to the sky and spread her arms wide, the ebony staff held loosely in her right hand. She could feel the pull of water and ice, the droplets suspended in the air. I am water in all forms, she thought, beginning to exert influence over it. Her hands seemed to glow with a soft white light, rather like how it used to be when she and DG held hands and combined their powers.

The clouds seemed to swirl above Azkadellia's head. Most of the assembled people had no idea what was happening, what she was trying to do. Some of Lissa's people murmured among themselves in Nightwalker and Old Speech. They didn't know what they were seeing, didn't know how this would help them reach the Dawn Sanctuary.

The clouds thickened and began to spread. The Iron Cauldron Inn was relatively close to the border of the Glorious Pale, making it an easy location to meet other Low Realm leaders. The border held thin mists and slowly brightening skies.

But now, the mists remained thin as the skies were slowly growing overcast and dark. The dark gray clouds looked like they threatened rain. It was difficult to see, but the clouds beginning at the Iron Cauldron's courtyard were beginning to extend beyond the border of the Glorious Pale and into the Mist Parish and Untrodden Sands.

Azkadellia thought of the map of the Mirror Zone, of the distance between the Low Realms and the Dawn Sanctuary. It didn't matter which lands were actually present there; they rotated and changed at irregular intervals. If Lurlaine had any whisper of what they were going to do, they would likely shift again. She couldn't anchor her clouds to any particular land mass, couldn't let them be broken up and expose the Nightwalkers to direct sunlight. It was more difficult to weave a bridge of clouds and impending rain and sleet between the two anchoring points of the Mirror Zone, but it would have to be done this way to keep them safe. Then all they would have to worry about was the ground shifting beneath their feet.

She didn't remember collapsing, but she must have. She was finishing the bridge of clouds at one moment and in the next she was in Della's arms while Callan was checking her eyes and pulse. He pulled her up to a sitting position and she took in everyone's wordless shock. "I'm guessing it worked, then?" she asked.

Callan grinned at her. "Like a charm, Delia."

"I think it's time to get everyone into position," Della remarked, helping her to her feet.

Azkadellia nodded and looked over the assembled masses. "Let's start a war."

The magical map of the Mirror Zone was spread out over the table, each corner weighted down with a carved ebony sigil. They were ancient, something that Alec Page had brought along with him. Spells had been worked into the wood, guaranteeing that anything within a twenty meter radius of the four collected items would be protected. It would be impossible for any of Queen Lurlaine's cronies to locate them, let alone spy on them, and they could plan the upcoming siege and battles appropriately.

The shadow bridge was actually marked on the map now, a vague gray overlay to the territories that Azkadellia had covered. "You can't go via land underneath this," Azkadellia said, tracing the gray overlay and looking at Lissa. "If you travel via land, Lurlaine can still shift it as you travel. Then you won't be covered by the shadows and you'll burn in the sun."

"Not exactly what we've promised our people," Lissa murmured wryly.

Azkadellia looked over at the Shadow Brigade generals. "Could any of you actually travel in the clouds themselves? Or just beneath them?"

Tilith scratched her head. She had large feathered wings folded against her back, and her people had been birdfolk. "We could fly, of course, but we couldn't carry many. There's only so much we can do because of the weight."

Azkadellia looked down at the map. Lissa had nearly a hundred Nightwalkers willing to attack the Dawn Sanctuary. Weight was going to be an issue, and she needed the birdfolk to run aerial interference. She felt a nudge at her elbow and looked over at Della. He and Callan weren't technically part of the discussion, but he wasn't so far away that he couldn't hear what the problem was. "Try the bubbles," he said, a wry twist to his lips.

The others were startled by Azkadellia's amused laughter. "Oh! I'd completely forgotten about that! Yes. That ought to make the lot of you light enough, and I could make sure that they're big enough for at least six Nightwalkers per bubble. It'll still take a few trips, but..."

"Six Nightwalkers per bird?" Tilith asked, head cocked to the side. At the same time, Lissa looked at Azkadellia in confusion. "Bubbles?"

Azkadellia sketched out a spherical shape with her hands. "Travel bubbles, the way Practitioners of old used to move from one area in a Zone to another. They're close to weightless, and can float on air. So if we put the Nightwalkers inside..."

"They're light enough to lift easily and move quickly," Lissa replied, catching on.

Alec edged closer to Azkadellia, dropping his hand down so that his fingers overlapped hers. "It sounds like a good plan."

She stood up, pulling her hands away from the map. She turned to Tasilth with a vague smile on her lips. "How many of your people might you be able to spare for this task?"

"All twenty, if you like," she said.

"Then there's enough to get the Nightwalkers across," Hani said with a firm nod. "Acceptable, then. My people will go across the lands. It won't matter to us if she switches locations."

"It might matter if you are left behind and can't fight," the Ventra leader hissed.

"If anyone is lost, I'll know it from where your locations are on the map," Azkadellia said, cutting off Hani's reply. "I'll contact you through message bubbles. No matter where you are, you should still be able to get to your designated part of the Sanctuary. If there is any trouble, we'll figure out a way to transport all of you."

Reluctantly, all parties left the protected area and began their march across the Mirror Zone. Tilith and her people remained behind with the Nightwalkers as Azkadellia began to craft the large travel bubbles. When finished, she let herself sag against Della with a sigh. A few of the Wheelers had remained behind, and gestured for Callan to get the cart Mattoon had brought. "What's this?" he asked warily, still distrustful of the Wheelers.

"The Princess will need transport," the nameless Wheeler replied. "Mattoon and Hani ordered us to carry her to the meeting point. All of our lives are at stake, soldier."

Callan didn't trust the Wheelers or any of the treacherous Low Realm figures they were forced to deal with. He especially didn't like the thief's attention to Azkadellia. But they still needed to travel through the Mirror Zone, and the Wheelers knew the way.

Azkadellia slept the entire time, safe under their careful watch.
***
The land masses reshuffled themselves as the Unseelie Army was in transit. The trolls and the golems were stuck within the desert wasteland that had once been Homespun Valley. The thieves and shadows with Goren were in the Everlasting Forest. The Ventra and the Tari Clan were trapped in the Vale of Tears. Hanja and the Wheelers were in the Silversong Grove. Salan'ri and the ragtag stragglers he had collected were in the Slingwell Swamp. Even Azkadellia and her company were separated from the others, near the Towaco River. Only Tilith and the Nightwalkers were right where they should be, across the river and on the grassy banks of the Dawn Sanctuary's outer border.

Lissa sighed. She had never seen such green before in her life. While there was a relatively narrow band of shadow for her people to move inside compared to the rest of the Dawn Sanctuary's border, there was still enough that she could do to assist the grand plan.

Her people were hungry, and Lurlaine's spies and guards were plentiful.

She raised her arms and bared her sharp fangs and teeth. "Feed," she commanded her followers. "There's plenty more for us inside the gates."

Tilith and the birdfolk hung back as the Nightwalkers surged forward. "I do not like this," she said in a low tone, watching uneasily as a Nightwalker leapt over a copse of trees and bounded into the Sanctuary. The cloud cover had grown since Azkadellia had first created it, so that it had started to cover the entire Sanctuary. The Nightwalkers would have full rein over the entire Sanctuary soon enough, and their ways of feeding where ghastly.

Lissa gave Tilith a toothy grin as one of her followers felled a salamander attempting to burn it alive. The Nightwalker slit its throat and slurped at its blood greedily. Once the corpse was completely drained, the Nightwalker would begin to eat the flesh and suck on the marrow from its bones. "That salamander will do us no harm now," she pointed out. "And my people are hungry. We have not feasted in decades."

Tilith turned away from the sight long before the salamander's blood was completely drained. "Our ways are different."

"Of course they are," Lissa agreed. She laughed in the face of the birdwoman's distaste. "But you're a general, as am I now. Their needs must be attended to. Let your people feed however they choose. There will be nothing when the fighting begins."

It was true enough, and her people flew off into the uncovered regions of the Sanctuary. Lissa turned back to the shadowed realm and let herself loosen her tightly held composure. She caught a shadow fairy fleeing the scene about the throat and began to drink deeply. Blood was life and strength and purpose.

She would not have anyone denying this to any Nightwalker.
***
DG was worried when Azkadellia didn't do the check in via mirror at the arranged time. She stalked the halls of the palace, then bumped into Cain. He looked harried, as if juggling too many different thoughts at once. "Wyatt?"

He blinked and then focused on her. "Oh. Deeg."

"What is it? Something bad?"

He shook his head and extended his arm toward her. "Staff rosters, mentally rearranging troops along the city map. We're going to be stretched tight across the city, but I think I can make it work out all right."

"Anything I can do to help?" DG asked, taking his arm. They fell into step as they walked through the halls together.

"No, I think we're all right. Any news from Az?"

"Nothing," DG said, letting her frustration show. "She's not opening her compact, either." He had long since gotten over his confusion regarding the pocket mirrors she used to communicate with Azkadellia. "I don't even know what's happening."

"It might not be a good time for her to talk. She is starting a war."

DG sighed and nodded. "I know that. I'm just worried about her. Did I screw things up and get her into trouble again?"

Cain sighed. "None of what happened before was your fault, DG. You have to believe that."

I don't know if I can, she thought, but nodded for Cain's benefit. "All right."

"You're appeasing me," he told her with a sigh, stopping in his tracks. "She'll be fine. She knows magic. Della and Callan are with her She has Shadow Brigade generals with her. She was buying support from more people. She's just as safe as you are."

But DG didn't feel safe at all, especially with a potential spy among the palace guard ranks.

She pasted a smile on her face and let him escort her back to her rooms. There, the map of the OZ mocked her with its array of pins. Too many blockades, too many soldiers, too many battles and too many deaths.

Real life and responsibility sucked.
***
Siba looked out over his harbor. The entire land was covered in shadow, and none of his messengers could get through to his allies now. He didn't know if their counties were blocked off in this way as well, or if his was the only one. There was no way in or out of his territory, and his men no longer wanted to try to brave the harbor itself. The naval ships anchored out there were filled with inhuman screaming, and even the bravest of his remaining navy and marines didn't want to approach them.

The dark had teeth, and it seemed as though nightmare creatures roamed the decks of those anchored ships.

Perhaps he had underestimated the Gales. The Queen had never seemed the type to do something like this, and the simpering little Other Sider couldn't possibly know this kind of magic. And the older girl was half dead that last he heard. But someone was doing this, and it wasn't any of his own court magician's doing.

He had his court magician set up a scrying spell to try to contact his allies in Ruby Gulch and Caronet. He was too isolated now, locked into his own country. He felt almost claustrophobic, almost afraid.

The dark had teeth. He knew it in his bones, even if his court magician thought he was slowly going insane from the isolation.

But there was no way to contact Ruby Gulch or Caronet. The spells hit some kind of interference from the shadows, and the court magician thought it was likely that they were under the same kind of blockade as Green Harbor.

Siba threw his court magician out of his presence. What use was magic if it couldn't work for you? If it couldn't help you seize control?

The dark had teeth. Of that he was certain. It had fangs and teeth and claws and nails, and he knew that it thirsted for his blood. It wanted him dead, it wanted him gone, and it was in league with the Gales. The dark wanted him dead.

He didn't know how to strike first; all of his weapons were useless against shadows and darkness, and his people were locking themselves into their homes at night. They were useless, faceless things, not even capable of bringing in a full crop. They complained that the shadows were blocking the light of the suns, that there was no way they could meet his taxes because of the poor crop. Lies, one and all. Lies from useless creatures not fit to be part of his kingdom once he'd forged it from the blood of the Gales and the spines of the dark. He had to figure out how to break them, that was all. He had to break them and make them bleed, make them suffer for what they were doing to his lands and his people. They were making him look weak and sick, making him doubt his own abilities. His court magician no doubt was questioning his sanity, even though he knew very well he was perfectly sane.

The dark held teeth. And he would figure out a way to break each and every one, then break the necks of every last Gale and Gale supporter.
***
***