Leaving San Diego was kind of a relief. Being so close to home was hard. California auditions were never the same as other locations. It was all the people from L.A. who were professional musicians, singers, and actors just trying to make it big. She liked going to other cities, cities that actually required her to board an airplane. Sometimes she was so sick of Los Angeles, desperate for a change of scenery. She envied Simon getting to go back to England.

Simon – that had been an odd day. He'd admitted that he was thinking of breaking up with Terri, someone he'd been with for over five years, and later that same night was drooling over one of her videos. They always flirted, that wasn't new, but he usually only really laid it on thick when there were cameras or media around. Why do it when it was just the two of them?

"You okay?" Lauren asked. They were driving back to Sherman Oaks and Paula knew she was being quiet.

"Tired," she said with a smile. "You did good, though, on your first American Idol related thing. I know it can be crazy."

"Thank you," said Lauren.

"Oh," Paula said. "Randy gave me some demos. For the new album, you know. Let's listen."

"Yes," Lauren said. "You've been talking about recording again, but is it really going to happen?"

"If we find the right song, I'll definitely record something for Randy's project. As for me... I've been waiting for the right time. Maybe by next summer," she said. "I miss that. The dancing and the singing and being know for something other than reality television."

"Well, I'd buy it," Lauren said.

"I'm your boss. Of course you'd buy it," Paula said, finding the CD in her purse. There was a sticky note from Randy. I think track 3 is yours, baby girl. Paula put in the CD and skipped to track three.

All I wanna do is stay right here on the floor, get lost in the night and dance like there's no tomorrow... 

oooo

Dallas was hot. The temperature was well over a hundred and the walk from the air conditioned SUV to the audition room made her cranky.

"This is awful," Randy said, sitting next to her. It was cooler in the judge's room but still uncomfortable. Hopefully with in the hour, the A/C would catch up to the day, but until then, the back of Paula's legs were sticking to her chair. Also, Simon was late. He hadn't left at the same time as them and he wasn't there now.

"I don't want to be behind all day because Cowell can't get his act together," Paula said to no one in particular. She wasn't in the mood to play games... she was in the mood to pick fights. No one stopped her though. Her bad mood on camera was rare and it made for good television and they all knew it. Randy leaned in close to her and spoke softly into her ear so no one else could hear.

"Go easy on him today," Randy said.

"What? Why?" she snapped. Randy ran his finger across his throat, miming death. He mouthed "Terri," just as Simon walked in. Paula was shocked. Had he really, finally broken up with Terri? He'd mentioned it in San Diego but Paula hadn't heard anything else about it. If it were true, it'd probably be in the tabloids by the weekend. Paula felt a little thrill of something go up her spine, but she didn't know what it was or why.

"Sorry everyone," Simon murmured before sitting heavily in his seat. The whole crew was quiet – Simon almost never sincerely apologized. Paula touched his forearm briefly, her bad mood overcome by her empathy for Simon. She decided to try something light.

"Hey Cuddlebug," she said, sweetly. He looked at her and couldn't help but smile a little.

"Hey Poodle," he answered and pulled the arm of her chair so it was flush with his. "All right, let's go," he called.

Dallas got underway and by the lunch break they were all feeling tired and bored.

"If I hear one more Kelly Clarkson song, y'all," Randy said and made a fist with his hand.

"Seriously," said Paula, letting her head fall to the table. She felt Simon's warm hand on her back. He'd been uncharacteristically quiet during auditions, even during the terrible ones. Paula had actually told someone that his audition had been awful. Someone had to do it, if Simon wouldn't. She could already hear Ryan's vapid voice over in her head. "Paula Abdul gets catty in Dallas." Or something.

Dallas was hot and arid. Her skin felt dry and Simon's warm hand on the bare skin of her back was nice. Randy stood and headed for craft services.

"Let's eat," Simon said. Paula allowed him to pull her up out of the chair and he left his fingers linked with hers on the way out of the audition room. There was a set of connecting doors to a large, open room that held craft services, a few tables and chairs, and the bulk of the filming equipment and their cases. Paula liked the set-up for auditions. Since the judges got ready before they arrived, they didn't segregate themselves in their dressing rooms for their breaks. Instead, the on-screen and off-screen people all mingled together. Paula, Simon, and Randy all stood in line to get their lunches and no one complained about the wait. A lot of the off-screen staff had been there for years already, so there were only a few unfamiliar faces, most of them young interns or crew local to the area. Paula tried to smile and greet everyone, especially those she didn't recognize, but learning new names was somewhat out of the question. She was only human.

"What are you eating, love?" Simon said, nudging her forward, clearly trying to wake her from her daydream.

"Hmm?" she asked, picking up a plate. "Oh, sorry."

"One of those days, man," said Randy. "Everyone has fog in their eyes." Paula threw him a smile over her shoulder before filling her plate with mostly vegetables and some fruit. It was what Simon called rabbit food, but it was also what kept her so small. She grabbed a bottle of water and sat at one of the unoccupied tables near a window. There was a layer of smog that hung over Dallas as the city baked in the sunshine. Not unlike L.A. in that way.

Simon sat down next to her, his lunch considerably more carnivorous than hers.

"Someday your heart is going to explode from eating all that trash," she said, looking at his cheeseburger with a wrinkled nose.

"Maybe even today if I'm lucky," he responded.

"Oh," she said. "You don't mean that."

"Let's see, I've just broken up with my girlfriend over my mobile, it's hotter than hell, and I have another several hours of listening to terrible kids singing terrible songs. I'd say this day is pretty bad," he said.

"I'm sorry about..." Paula started.

"Don't be," Simon interrupted. "You of all people shouldn't be."

She was about to ask what he meant by that, exactly, when Lauren appeared with her phone glued to her ear as it usually was. Paula waved her over. Even Lauren was in shorts, exposing her long, pale legs. Paula pointed to the seat on the other side of her while Lauren ended her call.

"Thanks," she said, sitting.

"Hungry?" Paula asked. Lauren shook her head.

"I ate. I just wanted to check in," she said. "How are you Mr. Cowell?" Paula shook her head as if to say, don't bother but Simon looked up from his lunch briefly.

"Fan-fucking-tastic," he muttered.

"We're having a rough day," Paula said.

"Ah," Lauren said uncomfortably. "Well can I get you anything to cheer you up?"

"Like what?" Simon asked.

"I don't know. A chocolate biscuit? A Toblerone bar? I think I get streaming BBC news on my phone," Lauren said, offering up the cell phone for Simon's consumption. Paula tried not to laugh. Lauren was walking a dangerous line – sarcasm with Simon worked sometimes, but sometimes Simon snapped and when he did, he bit hard.

"If you really want to help me, smartass, you'll find me a decent cup of tea in this godforsaken city," Simon said with a smirk.

"Simon!" Paula exclaimed. "Lauren, you don't have to do anything for him."

"I don't mind," Lauren said. "Working for Paula is working for Paula's friends. I'll be back in a jiffy." They both watched her disappear, weaving her way through the throngs of people in yellow Idol staff shirts.

"Please be nice to her," Paula begged, watching her go. "My entire life is stored in her brain."

"Why isn't it stored in yours?" Simon asked.

"You have an assistant too," she reminded him.

"In London," he said. "I don't drag him all over the world with me."

"No, you drag me instead," she said.

"You're just a perk," Simon informed her, standing with his now empty plate. Paula watched him walk away, tossing his paper plate in the garbage before disappearing back into the audition room. On the surface, his comment seemed nice but she didn't trust him. Simon Cowell had spent six years trying to figure out the best way to get under her skin and she was almost certain that being nice was just a new one.

oooo

It was too hot to sleep. Paula had turned off the air-conditioning over an hour ago because she couldn't sleep with the constant whir of a fan. The unit also had two settings. Off and frigid. She figured it couldn't be that hot in the middle of the night, but now sweat was pooling in her lower back as she tried to sleep. She kicked off the sheet that covered her and turned over, flailing her limbs in frustration.

Was there anything good about Texas?

Well, the one good thing about Texas had been Lauren producing a full English tea service in sterling silver for Simon in between auditions in less than thirty minutes.

"You are magic," Simon said, taking Lauren's hand in his own. His smile was real. "I'll pay you twice what she does to work for me."

"Get away!" Paula said, slapping at their joined hands. "She's mine, Cowell."

"Please, please," Lauren said, taking a bow. "There's plenty of me to go around." Nigel had even kept the film rolling on this and Paula sort of hoped Lauren made it on to the show. Lauren winning over Simon was a feat – that girl needed a raise. And after a proper cup of tea, Simon's mood had improved considerably. Paula had wanted to ask about Terri but as soon as the day was called a wrap, he'd disappeared.

Paula rolled over until she found a cool space on the sheets. She'd had no caffeine for days, she'd been sleeping fine before, and the heat usually never really kept her awake like this. Maybe it was time to admit defeat and get up for a while. The clock told her in was just before 2:00am. She just needed to tire herself out to get a few more hours of sleep.

She put on a pair of exercise pants and her sports bra. Finding a plain t-shirt was more of a challenge – why did Lauren insist on bothering to fold her clothes? She just messed everything up riffling through them anyway – but she finally located a dark blue one. She pulled it on, as well as some shoes, and headed for the hotel gym. She would run until her legs gave out and then she would sleep like a baby.

The gym was deserted when she arrived which was perfect. As far as her public was concerned, she was thin because of good genes and dancing. No one needed to see sweaty, treadmill Paula. She turned on the treadmill to a moderately high setting and started to run. A few years ago, her feet pounding on the machine would have shot pain up through her teeth so fierce that her vision would start to swim but now it was a good pain, a pain that meant health and strength. She was getting her body back in control.

She'd been running for twenty minutes when she heard the door open. She wasn't remotely tired or ready to stop, but she didn't really want to run with a stranger. She moved to stop the machine when she saw that it was Simon who walked in.

"Are you stalking me?" he asked, draping his towel around his neck so he could put his hands on his hips.

"I... was here... first," she said, breathing heavily but not breaking her stride.

"I," he scratched the back of his head, always a tell of honesty for Simon. "I couldn't sleep."

"Me either," she said. "Do you... want to... talk... about it?"

"Not particularly," he said. She made a half-hearted hand motion to the treadmill to her right.

"Then shut up... and run," she said. He rolled his eyes and climbed onto the treadmill. He glanced at her settings so he could match them and soon he was running in time with her, step for step. They were quiet for a long time; only the sounds of their labored breathing, the churn of the belts rotating, and their feet making contact filled the room. Finally, Paula knew she had to stop or she would lose her footing and hurt herself. Her lungs were burning anyway. She jumped to the side and stopped the belt. For a moment, she felt off kilter and let herself get used to a still world after so long in motion. As soon as the belt was still, she sat down on it. Her knees felt like jelly. She used to get the same feeling after playing a concert – that much singing, dancing, and running had worn her out for months. It had nearly broken her back; had nearly destroyed her career.

Simon turned off his machine too and looked down at her. She knew she looked a mess. The t-shirt was damp with sweat and sticking to her. Her hair had started to come loose from the ponytail and was falling in her face, sticking to her forehead and neck. She should have brought some water. As if reading her mind, Simon offered her his bottle. She took a swig gratefully and handed it back.

"Are you tired yet?" he asked.

"Wide awake and sore as hell," she said.

"I think there's a sauna," he said, glancing at the map of the gym on the wall behind him. "Yep."

"That's what I need," she said. "To get sweaty."

"The heat will tire you out," he promised.

"Unlike cool, refreshing Dallas in August," she snapped.

"Fine," he said. "Never mind."

"No, I'll go," she said, getting up. "But cut me some slack, it's 2:45 in the morning. I'm allowed to be cranky."

"You're never allowed to be cranky. You're America's sweetheart," he said, holding open the door to the sauna room for her. "I however, get to be cranky all the time and it's fabulous."

Paula stopped when she saw the sauna. For such a large hotel, the sauna was small, as if installed as an afterthought. It's big enough for the two of them, but there won't be a lot of room to spare. She faltered for a moment, thinking that maybe it was just too intimate a situation for this particular co-judge at this particular time of night.

"Don't back out on me now, love," Simon said, seeing the hesitation written clearly on her face. He took off his t-shirt and kicked off his shoes. He had running shorts on and fussed with the dial until the sauna started to heat. Paula crossed her arms.

"I didn't really bring anything to wear," she said. She had her sports bra on, though it would be a little threadbare when soaked with sweat. She had underwear on too, luckily not the lacy thong she tended to wear but cotton briefs, cut like little boy shorts meant for comfort while running until she dropped.

"You going commando under there?" he asked.

"No!" she said, as if the concept was foreign to her – which it was not.

"I've seen you in a bikini," he said. "Don't be shy now."

"I'm not shy," she said. Of course, with that statement said, removing her clothes was clearly the next step. She pulled the t-shirt over her head and shimmied out of her pants. Simon grinned and tossed her a towel.

If she thought she was hot before, stepping into the sauna was like stepping into a volcano. She sat on her towel with her legs crossed; her head back against the wall. Simon sat on the far wall, not that it was all that far, his head hung. After a few minutes of silence, he spoke first.

"Why are we doing this? I'm going to expire."

"I've been thinking about that very thing," Paula said, shaking a finger at him. Even her fingers were sweating. She was grossing herself out a little. Hopefully she was at least sweating out toxins.

"And?" he prompted.

"And I think we're in here because you need to talk about Terri," she said. "I think this is a... a..." She snapped her fingers. "What's the word?"

"A ploy?" he asked. "You think I'm scheming to trap myself in here with you to talk about my ex?"

"I think that, yes," she said. "You were together a long time."

"I know," he said.

"And even if breaking up was the right thing to do, it doesn't mean that the end doesn't hurt," Paula said.

"I know!" he said.

"So maybe you should talk about it," she said. "With me."

"Rehearsing for Paula Abdul the talk show?" he asked.

"Stop making jokes, Simon. Stop deflecting," she ordered. "What went wrong?"

"I didn't love her," he said. "Well, that isn't fair. I did love her. I just didn't love her enough."

"See?" she said, opening her eyes to look at him. "Don't you feel better?"

"No," he said. "Even professional bachelors wonder if they have 'the one' somewhere out there."

Paula extended her sweaty leg to nudge her toes against his.

"You'll find her," Paula said. "She's probably been right under your nose the whole time."

"Oh heaven help me if the one is an American," he scoffed. Paula gave him a stern look and pulled her foot back to her own side.

When they got back to their respective rooms, each slept like a baby for the rest of the night.