Toshiko pinned Suzie to the bed, wrapping first one wrist and then the other with scarves and securing them to the bedstead. Suzie struggles against the bonds, just enough to test them but not so much to risk breaking them. She'd not expected this earlier. 

Suzie sauntered over to Tosh's workstation and pushed a pile of paper off the desk and onto the floor. She perched on the now exposed edge and leaned over in a way that Tosh thought was inappropriate and personal. Tosh shifted away, but Suzie grabbed the arm of her chair, forcing her to stay close.

"I need your help, Tosh"

"Yes?"

Tosh placed her arms either side of Suzie's head and kissed her deeply as she slid her naked thighs down towards Suzie's equaly bare hips. Tosh's lips moved from Suzie's lips, down past her chin and to her neck. She dipped as far as the indentation at the base and then licked a line back to Suzie's chin. Suzie began to wonder just where Tosh had been locking away this side of her when
Tosh stopped drawing patterns with her tongue and sat back on Suzie's hips, expression dripping deviousness. Before Suzie could say anything, Tosh had crawled off the bed and was searching beneath it. 

"I’m going to call it an empirical investigation." Suzie said, with a tone that seemed to brook no discussion

"Call what-" Tosh tried to speak but Suzie carried on regardless.

"First question. How long have you been attracted to me?"

"I, I'm not! I've never-" Tosh spluttered, but the flush of colour to her cheeks betrayed her.

Suzie tutted. "Let’s not beat about the bush." Suzie smiled in a way that Tosh neither understood nor liked.

Tosh returned with a corrugated plastic box. Suzie could make out brightly coloured shapes inside. The seed of a suspicion planted itself in her mind but had no time to grow. Tosh lifted the lid of the box slowly, placing it carefully to one side. She waved a finger above the contents, as though unable to choose.

"Red, blue, pink or purple?" The sound of Tosh's voice threw Suzie slightly. She'd not heard a word from her since they'd left the Hub together. Tosh leaned over Suzie and lazily traced a path between her neck and stomach, carefully avoiding her breasts and not going further than her belly-button but with just light-enough a touch to keep Suzie interested.

"Red" Tosh kissed her jaw "Blue" then her cheek "Pink" Tosh sucked her earlobe and whispered "or purple?"

"You like me. You've never said or done anything about it. Why not?"

"I-" Again Tosh tried to answer the question and again Suzie wasn’t listening.

"Actually it doesn't matter. I just needed to check before I tested my hypothesis."

"What hypothesis?" Tosh was getting more and more concerned about the situation but couldn’t force herself to get up and walk away.

"I think that this spray" Suzie held up a bottle with an atomiser "Lowers inhibitions. You're going to be my test subject."

"Red" said Suzie, defiantly. She wasn't going to let Tosh think she was getting everything her own way.

Tosh slid her hand down past Suzie’s pubic bone, causing her to arch into it before Tosh quickly moved her hand away and to the box. Tongue still caressing Suzie’s ear, she reached into the box, and brought out a large, red vibrator.

“Good choice,” Tosh murmured.

"I don't think-"

"You're a scientist, aren't you? Full of natural curiosity, yes?"

Suzie spritzed the contents of the bottle around her shoulders.

"What do you think?

Suzie thrashed on the bed as Tosh bodily pinned down her legs. The red vibrator moved in and out of her and Tosh licked and sucked at her clit, free arm keeping her stable to Suzie’s right.

Her breasts were aching for attention, and all her ideas about defiance and even dignity were fading fast. She didn’t want to, but she was going to have to.

“Tosh, please.” She hated to beg but couldn’t stand it any longer. “Please!”

Tosh ground her teeth against Suzie’s over stimulated clit, tearing a high-pitched gasp from her before she could reign it in. Right arm still thrusting the vibrator in and out, Tosh moved up Suzie’s body, breathing hotly onto her breasts one at a time. Suzie strained to hold her head up and watched as Tosh flicked a tongue over her nipple. It was what she had been waiting for, she could feel her orgasm building as Tosh alternated between stroking and licking her breasts. She was so close now, right on the edge when Tosh moved her thumb from around the vibrator and stroked her clit. Suzie let go and fell hard into her orgasm, her earlier words echoing around her head.

‘What do you think?’

“Yes, yes”, she repeated endlessly as Tosh kissed her back down to earth.