Amber on a Cruise
by davesmith3766

Ch 1: Getting Ready For A Cruise

Amber and I go shopping for our cruise.

Amber and I were so excited for the cruise we had booked 6 months ago. Now it was finally time where we could sail the seas for the very first time. We were a bit confused on what essentials we we would need for the vacation, so we decided to go to our local supermarket and buy some items. Honestly, we were just going to wing it and see what happened.

We arrived at the supermarket and got out of the car. It was raining a little bit, and we didn't bring an umbrella, so by the time we reached the entrance, our clothes had been soaked. Amber seemed to take the brunt of it as the weight of the water that was now a part of her attire was heavy enough to bring it down a bit.

Amber is a blonde who is about 5'4" and 120 pounds. She works out regularly, so she has one of those bodies that's on the skinnier side up top with an hourglass figure and thick legs. She works very hard on her glutes, which make them stick out in any pants she wears. On this particular day, she chose to wear some grey sweats and a black sports bra accompanied by some flip flops. She had her hair in a pony tail and of course she always goes commando.

She had tried to adjust her pants frequently as we walked to the entrance of the store but eventually gave up and let her pants slip down with the water weight. By the time she reached the door, you could see the water had turned her sports bra sheer with her perky nipples outlined. The water was glistening off her stomach and back. The top part of her butt crack was peaking from the top of her sweats, and her pussy mound was clearly visible. She noticed all of this but decided not to care because it was late at night and odds were that there weren't any other customers in the shop.

We entered the shop and went straight to the toiletries section to get the essentials needed for the cruise. While we were there, I noticed a worker taking some side glances towards Amber in all her beauty, and I couldn't help but feel a little turned on. I walked over to her, wrapped her in my arms and started to kiss her. While doing so, I snuck my hands down the back of her pants directly in view of the worker. I made sure the back of my hand caught the back of her pants while I slid them down and gave both her ass cheeks a nice long squeeze. I looked down to see half her butt was now on display for the worker with beads of the outside rain formed all throughout.

After a bit of making out, we went back to searching for items except I hadn't fixed Amber's pants, and she also didn't care. Now she had half her ass out in the back and all her pubes right above her pussy on display. I was in a bit of awe as to how her pants managed to stay up in such a delicate situation. Every time she bent over to look at items, her ass crack would spread in plain sight of the shop worker.

The worker then had to stock items exactly where Amber was. He placed his hand on her lower back to let her know he was there while he moved by. In doing so, he actually touched in between her ass cheeks and very briefly had his middle finger in the top of her ass.

After this incident, she came over with her items to put in our cart while the worker stared at her ass jiggle while she walked over. When she finally made it to our cart, she turned to face him while she put the items in it, giving him a full view of her waist and blonde pubes. At this point, I had a full erection going on. I also had decided to go commando because I figured this would be a quick trip, so anyone passing by could see my boner underneath my shorts.

I don't know what went through my mind, but without even thinking, I reached over and put one hand on each side of Amber's pants. In an instant, I just pulled all the way down. Her ass and pussy were now on full display for the worker. She took her dear time to realize that she had been pantsed. She didn't scream or cover up. She just casually placed her items in our cart, looked at the worker, turned to face me, then seductively bent over to pull her pants up while sticking her ass out towards the worker. Then she very slowly pulled her pants back up, but only high enough to where half her ass was still on display and the tip top of her pussy was peaking out.

Since we had gotten all our items, it was time to check out. Amber leaned over and whispered in my ear "why do you wear you pants so high? Live a little bit". As she said this, she tugged on my pants downwards to where my pubes and the top of my shaft were on display while a few inches my ass were hanging out back. She then giggled and said, "that's better. now let's go check out".

So we both walked towards the checkout line, full pubes and just a peek of genitalia showing. The cashier looked us up and down while checking out our items. My boner was now in full swing. When I left my house, I did not think we would be doing exhibition and flashing in a supermarket of all places. Amber had a big smile on her face and was thoroughly enjoying the tease.

After we put all our items in the cart, we made our way to the exit where Amber saw the rain coming down hard. She decided why have our clothes get all wet again when they had just started to dry, so she proceeded to strip off her clothes to her birthday suit and took my clothes off for me too. I was pretty embarrassed as the two shop workers were staring at us with visible boners on display.

We then braved the rain to our car fully naked. During our run to the car my dick was bouncing up and down in full boner mode. Amber tits were also bouncing up and down so delicately while the rain drops one by one stuck on to her tits. Her ass was shaking vigorously with each step, and you could see the ripples go up her ass from the force of the ground.

We finally made it to our car and were on our merry way home.


Ch 2: Cruise Security Line Tease

Amber teases while going through the security line.

After rushing through traffic we had finally made it to the port. On the way, we stopped by at a gas station where Amber decided to change into more comfortable clothing which included a worn out t shirt and some short shorts along with with a pair of flip flops tossed on her feet, which gave a clear view of her freshly done pedicure along with glossy white toenails. She was wearing her hair up in a bun with her big reading glasses barely clinging on to her nose.

At the port, we presented our cruise tickets and were ushered into the security line along with plenty of other people. The line looked to be about a 30 minute wait based on the quantity of people there, and everyone was for our ship, so there was no pressure about being too late. We just casually waited in line when I started to notice that there were a lot of lingering eyes in Amber's direction. Like I get she's attractive and stuff but why the staring. It's creepy.

The stares grew more evident every time Amber reached down to her suitcase to double check if she was missing something. She was standing behind me in line, so I didn't know what sort of view everyone else was getting, but I assume it was some ass creeping out of her shorts which for some reason really turned everyone on. I think she was also slightly aroused by this based on how many times she had bent over. Even at one point so much as stepping back into the gentleman behind her while bending over giving him a good feel of her ass.

Finally, it was our time to go through security. Amber carefully lifted her suitcase onto the conveyor belt, but carelessly allowed the side of her shirt to get caught with the suitcase. This meant as she lifted the suitcase up, her shirt went up with it revealing her bright red panties. Now I understood why everyone was staring. She wasn't wearing any shorts like I had previously thought.

These weren't any ordinary panties. Oh no. They were very revealing. The back was simply a g string thong that settled into her ass crack leaving nothing to the imagination and the front was also thong like. The bottom part settled in her vagina and was followed by a very thin triangle covering the rest of her pussy but left all of her bush exposed.

When I put my suitcase on the conveyor belt, I looked at Amber dead in the eye and asked "where are your shorts". To which she smirked and said it was hot outside, so she decided it was best to ditch them in her suitcase. She then went to where the metal detectors were, and this one in particular was one of those detectors where you stand with your hands raised above your head while it scans you. Amber complied and put her hands above her head which ended up moving her shirt up to just below her belly button. She was having the time of her life flashing her ass and panties to the world.

When she exited, the detector was triggered and pointed out there was something in her back pocket. This is when one of the security officers came over to pat her down. I was now standing in the detector and had a clear view of the pat down occurring. The officer reached under her shirt and lifted it up to get a clean pat of the back pocket. Except in this case, there was no pocket and just Amber's butt cheek jiggling with the pats. The officer obviously knew the machine had made an error and sent Amber on her way with me following close behind.

On the way to the gate, Amber decided that her panties going up her ass were giving her an irritating wedgie which led her to take them off. She didn't hide behind a corner or go to the restroom. No, she took them off while she was hobbling to our gate, which meant everyone that walked by could see her ass cheeks clapping together as she wrestled the panties off. Luckily, there wasn't anyone walking by, so we didn't get in any trouble because I was the only one that saw what was happening.

Once the panties were off, Amber began to relax, and you could really see that the thong was bothering her. She then plopped herself into a seat next to the gate to wait for our boat to board. All I could do was watch the cold leather of the seat coming in direct contact with her ass giving goosebumps up her body. After a couple minutes, Amber had enough so she tucked her legs up to her chest to where her knees were right next to her face, then grabbed her phone and was looking through her social media. Our chair was positioned so that only the crew member in charge of the onboarding procedures would see her legs, so there was no risk of flashing anyone else.

I was curious about the view he was getting, so I walked up to the desk and inquired about how much time till we board. He stuttered while answering me because he was looking beyond me at the display Amber was putting on. After he notified me of ten minutes left, I walked back very slowly to get a good view of what he had seen.

It was a sight no one can forget. She had her nicely painted toes out of her flip flops and gripping on the the edge of the set. Her heels were firmly against her ass and you could see the dents they were making on the skin of her butt. She had her legs fairly close together, but you could make out her pussy slightly wet but breathing fresh air while staring directly back at you. A nice set of pubes resting on top also in clear view.

After I sat back down, the crew member came over Amber and whispered in her ear that she had to go change into something with more coverage or else they wouldn't let her on the cruise. He just had to ruin the fun. Amber complied and took her suitcase to the bathroom to change into normal clothes while we began the boarding procedures.


Ch 3: Boarding The Cruise Ship

Amber shows off her skimpy clothes.

I was getting a little stressed because I was one of the last people remaining to board the cruise while I waited for Amber to get changed into something more cruise appropriate. As I was about to give up and go ask the ship crew to please wait for Amber, I saw her appear from the restrooms in her new attire. She was now wearing four inch stilettos which showed off most of her feet and beautiful glistening toes. She had on a pair of low rise, white skinny jeans that were ripped around the knee area. On top she was wearing a very small crop top that was held together by two poorly tied spaghetti straps. The top was not adjusted whatsoever, so you could see underboob peaking out from underneath. Amber hadn't made any attempt to remedy this situation since she was in a hurry to change to board the cruise.

We walked up to the guy that made her change in the first place, and he looked her up and down disappointed, but decided to let us on the cruise since it was in danger of being delayed. We then proceeded to run up the boardwalk where I could hear the clicking of Amber's heels on the ground and see her boobs jiggling back and forth freely. They were tempting to escape the latch her top had on them and every once in a while would peek out from underneath. I enjoyed the idea that someone walking by could get a nice little glance of her nipples.

By the time we arrived to the front of the line, we had noticed that most of the passengers were dressed in swimwear, many of them being in bikinis with sheer coverups over them. This was an adult only cruise, so it made sense that everyone was relatively relaxed. Amber, however, was the only one in a bit more formal attire which drew the attention of a few passerbys.

After we checked in, we were ushered to a specific zone on the ship where they were going through the safety procedures. We moved there so fast that Amber's pants had fallen down slightly, revealing half an inch of butt crack while she was standing up. Her ass was so nicely toned that you could tell her pants were struggling to stay on. They were hugging onto any glute muscle they could find desperately trying not to drop to her ankles. Of course her butt crack showing was only possible because she never where's panties and told me beforehand that she wasn't packing any underwear for this trip. Otherwise her panties would've provided a layer of protection against the inevitable wardrobe malfunction.

The crewmembers were going through the safety procedures of the life vests and life boat and needed a volunteer out of our section of 15 people, most of whom were men. Amber was super excited to be of help and decided to be the volunteer.

First she was assisting with putting on the life vest. The crew member used her as the model as he wrapped the life vest around her top nice and tight. I could see the foam of the vest push up against her boobs as it accentuated her cleavage. It was so tight that her nipples were slowly beginning to escape out from underneath her top, and you just knew that they were in direct contact with the life vest. The crew member then showed how to inflate the life vest and as it inflated upwards, Amber's top was being pulled up with it. She had somehow been oblivious to all of this and was super jolly throughout this whole experience.

Once the life vest tutorial was over, the crew member took the vest off of Amber. He did so by unbuckling everything from behind and letting it drop to the floor. Amber's top had been pulled all the way up to where it was resting on top of her boobs. The life vest had been shielding her perky nipples from everyone that was watching the demo, but now that the vest had been dropped to the floor, her nipples were on full display. She didn't really care too much since she was a regular at many topless beaches and resorts, so this was the norm for her. However, for some of the men watching the demo, they were very visibly aroused as indicated by the bulges occurring in their pants.

Next, the tutorial was over the lifeboat. This meant Amber had to bend down to flip the various switches on the side of the boat's control panel as instructed by the crew member. As she followed the directions and bent over onto the boat, you could see her pants struggle mightily to stay up. Every time she would turn slightly, her pants would slowly inch downwards. It was quite the sight seeing her flat stomach and tits caress the side of the boat with her skin in direct contact with the outside because she hadn't adjusted her top from before. While doing this, her pants were falling ever so slightly revealing more and more of her plump ass. By the time the tutorial was over, over 3 inches of her ass had been on display for all the onlookers.

When we finished, she promptly adjusted her pants to cover her crack and pulled her top back over her boobs ending the show that she was inadvertently putting on. We then decided that we were very hungry and decided to take our luggage back to our room and go get a bite to eat where Amber continued to fight with wardrobe malfunctions.

