One by one each boiling kettle was emptied into the copper standing tub, then refilled and returned to the fire. Nicholas could almost be mistaken for someone who worked for a living, with his coat folded over a chair and his shirt sleeves rolled up past his elbow, drawing a bath now for his au pair.
Marlene had been preparing the infant, Maggie, for bedtime while her employer prepared the bath. She had met Nicholas a few weeks prior when she interviewed to nanny his adopted child. That was the same week her father, a tailor, was murdered by the Inquisition in the Grimhaven slum-riot. She knew, going into the interview that her would-be employer was the man that started the ill- fated uprising, but the knowledge seemed only to spark her curiosity further. She had promised herself that she would simply leave if the middle-aged man turned out to be a brute or a cad, but instead she found Nicholas to be quite handsome, if a bit older - finely appointed and well spoken. She was even certain she could sense a mutual attraction, but a sharp look from the bartender, Elana, told Marlene that pursuing the blonde revolutionary might cause trouble.
Soon Maggie was asleep and when Marlene approached the hearth, Nicholas stood to draw her close, taking her hip in one hand and gently catching her cheek with his other. Marlene gasped slightly at the sudden embrace, not out of shock or surprise, but excitement at the familiarity of his touch. Nicholas had been flirting with her since they met, but even after his relationship with Elana went abruptly cold he courted her slowly, as she imagined he'd court one of the noble ladies in town. She was eager for their relationship to become physical, and could tell that Nicholas was too, but he waited until today to act. As the fair-haired man paused with her in his arms, she silently recounted his lewd invitation to be bathed by him and bedded - her eager reply and the tingling fits in her stomach throughout the day, anticipating this moment. Her excitement reached a fevered crescendo as he pulled her into their first kiss and then, with her lips locked to his, she finally relaxed, falling nearly limp in his arms.
The pair kissed for several minutes, Marlene wrapped tightly in Nicholas' embrace. He had begun unbuttoning the raven-haired au pair's dress before they had even parted lips and as he continued, he prevented her from helping undress herself. Marlene's clothing was gradually stripped away; piece by piece each garment was folded and her jewelry was safely stowed. As she became gradually bare, Nicholas' attitude shifted subtly - he grew more confident in handling the lithe creature, his touch more deliberate and forceful. When, at last, the final stitch of modesty was peeled from her body, Nicholas firmly adjusted the girl's posture and stepped back to admire her nudity by the light of the fire. He could not quite stifle the peaking of his eyebrow at seeing the girl's clean shaven vulva, but managed to keep a stern face. With extreme patience, Nicholas inspected the trembling creature - turning her and correcting her posture half way through as if she were a show animal. Nicholas took note of the tension building in her eyebrows as he pulled her to face him once more, and stepped forward gently taking her hand, pulling her close. Goosebumps splayed across Marlene's skin as Nicholas' clothing caressed her nude form, his arm settling on the flare of her bony hip, his fingertips tickling the upper crevice of her bottom. He kissed her again, this time on her jaw, then her neck under her ear, and her collarbone.
At hearing the kettle whistle its readiness, Nicholas pulled his lips from Marlene's warm flesh. He poured the boiling water into the tub and mixed the bath with his bare arm, careful not to wet the cuff of his shirt or the floor. Then, without offering her a chance to test the water, Nicholas took Marlene's hand and guided her into the tub. It was hot and the brunette's eyes widened as she dipped her sensitive hind into the water, the waves lapping at her most private anatomy. Nicholas handed her the last glass of wine as she got comfortable, her small breasts barely submerged while her legs hung at the knee from the opposite side, crossed at the ankle. Nicholas knelt behind her and set about combing the braids out of her long, midnight-colored hair, momentarily pausing so that one or each of them could sip from Marlene's glass.
With Marlene's hair down, and her glass empty, Nicholas helped her to standing in the tub, then with bare hands and a rock of soap he lathered a thick foam and began massaging the brunette's body clean. His fingers were strong and practiced at delivering pleasure and as he began to rub her back, Marlene let loose a half muffled peep. Frowning at her modesty, Nicholas leaned in and growled, "let me hear it, girl," in a low tone while momentarily pausing his hands. Although it took Marlene several moments to become comfortable moaning out loud, Nicholas continued meticulously soaping her, massaging her and rinsing her. A blush came over her body as his thumb massaged the knot of her asshole clean, and she turned her face to his in a breathless expression when he let the tip of the digit slip inside of her and began scrubbing her insides. The corner of his mouth curled into something of a smile before reaching up with his free hand to steady the girl by her thin neck. With the new leverage he had over her body he could easily press even deeper into her bottom. He could feel her swallow with his hand on her neck, and then a gasping moan sighed uncomfortably from her as he kneaded and loosened her anus.
As bathing his creature continued long into the evening, rubbing, tickling, teasing and kissing her body clean, Nicholas kept kettles going to refresh the water - but it was not until her hair was washed and rinsed that she was declared clean. He helped her out of the tub and placed her on the tile floor on her hands and knees and began toweling her body dry. With her legs slightly spread and her hind up, Nicholas could clearly see her asshole winking, still slightly agape. Soon the towel was dropped at her side and one of Nicholas' hands came up to again grip her by the neck, and she could feel his other hand teasing at her smooth labia. Although her knees were uncomfortable on the tile floor, the expert ministrations of her employer, not to mention his treatment of her all evening, soon got the best of her and she found herself leaning her wet sex into Nicholas' hand. His thumb entered the girl's vagina while his finger tips played at the folds of her vulva. Marlene felt like a rutting animal; moaning freely and grinding her pubis on him while he handled her like chattel. As she grew closer to release, Nicholas tightened his grip on her throat, limiting the air to her lungs and the blood to her brain, while his thumb curled inside of her, digging toward her bladder. Orgasm erupted abruptly through the lithe creature, elbows buckling and hips humping. After admiring the creature's climaxing body for a moment Nicholas loosened his grip on the girl and nudged, rolling her into his arms.
Marlene laid in Nicholas' possession for several minutes, periodically convulsing in little fits of pleasure. When her eyes finally opened, he was admiring her nudity with the same stern expression he'd worn since undressing her. When their eyes met, he lifted and carried her lithe form to the most comfortable chair near the parlor fireplace and sat, depositing her on the floor and resting her head in his lap. He brushed her hair until it was straight and smooth and then pulled a wooden pipe from his inner breast pocket, filled and lit it. For a half an hour, Nicholas nursed his pipe while he stared at the fire and stroked Marlene's hair with his free hand. With her head in his lap, Marlene could feel Nicholas' cock stir in his pants, sliding against her cheek, warming her and thickening.
"Do you enjoy this? Being treated like my breeding animal?" Nicholas finally spoke.
Marlene was startled by his words but didn't show it. She lifted her head to answer, "O-Of course I do, sir." She stammered slightly. Although the words were clear she was uncertain of his exact meaning, but she thought better of laboring the moment.
His gaze diverted from the fire to regard the freckled au pair for a moment, then his hand came to guide her head gently back onto his lap. There she found that his penis had shifted in his pants, now obstructing the place where her head had comfortably sat. The thick member twitched as she nudged it with her cheek, trying to find a suitable position.
"After tonight, you'll be mine," he said, pausing for a long moment to take a drag of his pipe, "willingly. My lover, my pet. I'll take care of you, and you'll take care of me." He finished his thought as he watched Marlene fighting his cock for a place on his lap.
"You've already taken care of me so well," She cooed playfully, rubbing her cheek more deliberately against his thickening manhood, "perhaps it's my turn."
With that statement she turned her head to plant an open-mouth kiss on the side of Nicholas' erection through his pants. He hissed quietly at the attention, her breath seeming impossibly warm as her lips and tongue lovingly kneaded the meat under his trousers. Savoring the sensation, Nicholas took several long drags from his pipe as the kiss on his pants grew more passionate with each passing minute. The pipe was spent and set aside by the time Marlene had begun to unfasten Nicholas' pants, attempting to liberate her lover's member. Her pale blue eyes went wide when the girthy erection at last sprung free; she could feel it still hardening as she gingerly cradled the hot organ to her lips with both hands. Two light kisses, almost timid, fell upon Nicholas' shaft as he closed his eyes. Then the wet feeling of Marlene's tongue running the length of his cock took him by surprise; he grunted into a grumbling moan as he relaxed in the younger woman's mouth. For minutes she kissed and licked the length of Nicholas' erection, wielding the hefty tool gingerly. When at last she attempted to take the bulbous crown into her loving mouth she struggled, coughing and gagging herself. Soon though, she found a comfortable rhythm sucking on the tip of him while massaging the shaft with her hands.
Although he found Marlene's technique amateurish, Nicholas enjoyed the attention - especially with the memory of the previous night's orgy still fresh in his mind. He had remained clothed at the lewd party, and though he was tempted to join, his abstinence likely saved him when the place was raided by Miss Noorwood's enemies. It had been weeks since his tryst with Elana, and now the simple pleasures of Marlene's kiss threatened to over-take him before he'd intended. Mustering his willpower, Nicholas stood, careful not to pull himself from the au pair's lips, and produced a pair of expensive-looking shackles from the folds of his clothing. Then, without explanation, he pulled Marlene's arms behind her, straightening her posture and pulling her shoulders back before chaining the girl's elbows behind her. If Marlene was nervous or unwilling, she showed no signs of it as she dutifully held the blonde man's cock between her lips. In a moment the shackles had clinked closed, so tight that the au pair's back was forced to arch, her tiny breasts pushed out as if proudly on display. Nicholas spared only a moment checking that his latest conquest was securely bound before he set upon the helpless creature. Between the thumb and forefinger of his left hand he held her hair as his palm and other fingers cradled the base of her skull and as he stepped slightly too close, he used his right hand to feed more of his cock into the girl's face. Soon she was gagging as he pressed at the entrance to her throat, prodding for a way deeper. It wasn't long before tears began dripping down her face as Nicholas struggled to break her with his cock. Despite the moments of discomfort, Marlene seemed devoted to having her throat violated and her complicity only spurred Nicholas' persistence.
In an abrupt moment the girthy member was finally accepted into the girl's throat, taking them both by surprise. Marlene's blue eyes went wide, one of them twitching half closed a moment later as Nicholas sighed happily, sinking his cock deeper into the girl's mouth. His first slow stroke lasted a fraction of a minute, unconcerned for the girl as her wilting body struggled for oxygen. She coughed and gasped when he at last unburied himself from her face but the moment of precious air was brief and soon he was pressing at the back of her throat again. This time there was less struggle, and Nicholas was free to enjoy several thrusts, stepping forward again so that Marlene could no longer comfortably shy from his oppressive sex. Gradually her throat became more accepting of the intruding member and she grew dizzy as oxygen breaks became less and less frequent. Marlene's lungs burned for sweet air and her limbs and body became weighty and slow to respond. As he enjoyed the girl's hole, Nicholas paid careful attention, making sure to grant the creature air before she could pass out.
It wasn't long before Nicholas could feel that he was losing control, the orgasm welled inside of him, growing and threatening to push the world away. His cock swelled in the dizzy au pair as he flexed his pelvis to stymie his climax for a moment and he began channeling his magic into the act. With an elegant gesture and a curious thrust, Nicholas' spell was cast - his target too weak to resist, the enchantment overcame Marlene in an instant. As Nicholas continued fucking her throat, Marlene's eyes rolled back, her body began to tremble, and she began moaning involuntarily into his belligerent cock as her body was magically forced to orgasm. Only seconds into the au pair's climax did Nicholas finally release, pulling her face down his rod and crushing her nose into the flesh of his pelvis, holding her there. The intensity of the magical orgasm combined with oxygen deprivation caused Marlene to lose consciousness while Nicholas emptied his aching balls directly into her stomach. As his orgasm subsided Nicholas fell backward onto the chair behind, incidentally unsheathing himself from the girl's throat in the process. Still racked by the enchantment placed on her, Marlene's unconscious body shivered in place for a moment before slowly collapsing. Nicholas barely caught her before her head hit the wooden floor, his body fatigued from climax, and pulled the still orgasming girl into his lap. Marlene had begun coughing as soon as the cock was pulled from her throat, a small glob of semen landing on her thigh and the floor but it wasn't until she was in Nicholas' arms that she managed to peep her eyes open and cracked a smile. It would be another long moment before the magical orgasm wore off, but Nicholas continued to cradle the helpless girl with one arm while he struggled to fill his pipe in front of the fire.