husband ke jaane ke baad
=========================

Rahul was peeping into my blouse. I was alone with him, my husband
trustingly left him (his friend's brother) with me while he went on
tour, and here he was  10 years younger, longing for my body.
I felt aroused  and confused.It was wrong, but I had not seen anyone
so infatuated with me even in my college days. I wanted him to touch
me, but wanted him to believe that I was not that type. I wanted it
to happen, but never had I touched a man other than my husband 
Aunty, please  aap bahut sexy ho, mujhe apne boobs touch karne do.
Rahul ! kya keh rahe ho  I said, but I knew I was excited. I did not
want to cheat  but I felt aroused, and began to justify  just this
time  my husband too must have done it with other women 
Aunty, I cant help it  aap ka badan bahut achha lagta hai. Please
aunty.
What to do, I thought. The idea of being touched by this young, macho
guy was too tempting.
Naheen rahul, I said  not meaning it, even afraid that he would
actually stop trying  so I cleverly added -- unko pata chal gaya to?
He was overjoyed  naheen chalega aunty, and he took me in his arms.
Wow, I felt so aroused, but still said  ye galat hai rahul 
Please aunty, ek kiss de do. Rahul I said, but closed my eyes and
remained still  he put his mouth on mine, and I shuddered. It was so
good! He sucked on my lips, and I protested  rahul, bus karo,
please. Aunty, he mumbled, and put his finger to my lips  ye lips
kitne sexy hain aunty . God, I could'nt believe that I excited this
young guy so much. I opened my mouth, and he put his finger into my
mouth. Involuntarily, I began to tongue and suck his finger!
He was excited  aunty.He caught my face and sucked my tongue
geedily. Slurping and sucking, making my pussy wet!. Rahul, bus, aur
aage naheen. Thankfully, hee persisted  aunty, aapke boobs  and he
caught my boobs over my blouse and squeezed hard  ohhhh aunty, kitne
bade hain, kitne hard hain. Please aunty, mujhe dikhao na  naheen
Rahul. Ye galat kar rahe hain hum  I meant it, but did not mean to
stop him  he kept pleading  naheen aunty, he kissed me wetly again,
and began to unhook my blouse  Rahul, I said  please aunty, please
sirf boobs dekhne do, please, please. I got a reason to give him
concession, while still making him feel I was not going to be easy --
-

OK, par sirf dikhaungi  haan aunty, jaldi  and he peeled off my
blouse ! He stared at my bra covered boobs  mesmerized! He did not
say or do anything, and I tried to look shy, actally wanting him to
maul and suck my boobs now. My husband's face kept popping up in my
memory, but there was no going back now. But I did not show him that.
It made things more enjoyable. I slipped off the straps, knowing that
my boobs were jutting out of my tight bra.

Aunty ! ! he said and rubbed his hands all over my bra, front and
back, and kept praising my boobs, while I kept stopping him 
Aunty, aapke nipples hard ho gaye hain, dekho aunty  he pointed at
my hardened nipples which poked up thhru my bra. Apki white bra mein
se ye dark dark nipples dikh rahe hain aunty  dekho na kaise hard
ho gaye hain. I want them aunty, he said and he caught my bra ,
pinched my hard nipples to which I squealed, and yanked it off. The
bra in his hands, he stared at my naked boobs. He then sucked on my
bra where my nipples had rested,and said  garam garam hai apki bra,
ise hi choosta rahun? ya nipples chuswane hain? .I pulled my bra from
his mouth and thrust my boobs at him, but could'nt say anything. He
smiled and looked at me  before taking one of my hard nipple in his
mouth.

Chooso Rahul, chooso. The bastard actually succeeded in still
holding back, and mumbled  par ye galat hai na aunty. I pushed my
boob further in, and said, choos, sale, choos isko. He sucked hard.
He sucked and kissed and licked both my nipples now, and used both
his hands to maul and knead my boobs. Rahul, please, kat lo inko,
chaba dalo, suck karo zor se  I found myself saying. He casually
caught my right wrist, bringing my hand to his cock. Sahla mere lund
ko saali. I rubbed and kneaded his cock  talking dirty myself d e
apna sakht lund apni aunty ke haath mein.

He got naked, his proud cock hard and hot, standing up, making me
want to touch it. My god, it was so tempting. My modest side spoke to
me feebly  what are you doing? Your husband trusts you so much, and
you are -- Shut up ! I said to myself  I want this guy, I want him
to do everything to me just this day. My husband could never make me
feel like this. Talking sex was taboo with him, so just this day, I
am going to enjoy it. The feel of another man  so much younger  his
cock up my cunt  I want it, I want it come what may 
Back to Rahul, I said, wow, kya lund hai Rahul, de de mere haath
mein  la sahla doon ise. His hands were now reaching my petticoat.
He removed it and rubbed his hand over my thighs and over my panty,?
He ran his hand over my panty, pressing my pussy now. Aunty, ye kya
hai, he said, carrying the wetness from my panty on his hand and
showing it to me. I could'nt find a reply  but it was terrific. So
raw, so damn pleasurable, that I found my self saying  juicehai meri
choot ka! I could not beleiveI had said this! But it put him on fire!
Aunty, naheen naheeen karne wali aunty  CHOOT ka juice ! He pushed
his hand into my panty, and said, Oh aunty, kitni geeli hai teri
choot, utar panty saali. He dropped to his knees, and to my extreme
delight, smelt my panty deeply inhaling. He kept kissing my pussy
over the panty, and inhaling loudly. He pressed my pussy, rubbed it,
smelt it again, and finally bit it  taking my pussy and panty in his
mouth!

I screamed now, utaar de rahul utar meri panty. He began to pull it
down with his hands. Naheen, I ssnapped. Munh se utaar. He took my
waistline in his mouth and pulled it down with his mouth.
I was in heaven  this young chap was staring greedily at my pussy
now, and I wanted him to lick it. My husband was no match for this
guy, and I was determined to have all my fun  now that I had got
into it.

Aunty, kitni bheeg gai hai aapki choot and pulled off my panty,
which was down to my knees, and pushed me onto the bed. He said, open
your thighs aunty. I opened them wide, and he put his hand to my
cunt. I was on fire! He caressed my cunt, and I wondered what my
husband would have thought if he ever came to know. He fingered my
pussy, palmed it, rubbed it, and teased it with his finger 
Rahul, I said, kiss karo meri choot par. He smiled, and bent down to
give me a light kiss on the pussy. I held his head, and moved to get
his mouth on my cunt, but he got up. Pleasse Rahul ( it was my turn
to beg. I wanted a good cunt-lapping from this young guy  it would
be so much exciting - ) Please, --- Rahul said, Choot chatwani hai
aunty? Haan, haan rahul, chat do, kha jao ise, maza do apni aunty ko,
please  I pulled his head down to my pussy. He took out his tongue
and gave a lingering swipe around my pussy  I begged  chaato
rahul , chaato. He enjoyed teasing me  aunty, ye galat naheen hoga?
Apne husband ko kya kahogi, choot chatwane ke liye beg kar rahi thee
kissi aur ko?  I had had enough, I pulled him, and got over him. He
was lying now, and I got over him, and literally sat on his mouth. He
was shocked aunty --!! Chaat sale, chaat meri choot, daal apni jeebh
isme  choos meri choot  le le sale I said and ribbed my wet cunt
all over his mouth. He began licking. I was in heaven. Another man's
mouth on my cunt, and I was being so lewd, so shamelessly asking him
to do things I would never dare to ask my hubby.

Suddenly, I saw him fiddling with my mobile phone. Rahul  aise mein
tumhe phone karma yaad aa raha hai? Kya hai ye?  He did'nt reply 
just handed me the mobile  smiling wickedly  I took the phone and
it was ringing  and then I was shocked! It was my husband on the
line! Kya hua jaanu, is waqt yaad kiya? The bastard had connected me
to my hubby, and before I could react -- got me lying, and dived
between my thighs, rubbing and kissing and licking my pussy. I
could'nt even moan  I replied to my hubby ---- neend nahi aa rahi --
-
tumhari yaad aa rahi thi, so phone kar liya  meanwhile Rahul kissed
and sucked and tongued my cunt, -- I thrust around  the pleasure was
intense but I could'nt make a noise  nor could I stop him. He
enjoyed it  and so did I  the feeling of cheating on my husband was
all the more complete  getting a cunt lick from his friend while
talking to him! Rahul was enjoying  he teased me by pushing his
tongue deep into my pussy, and enjoying my situation  meanwhile, I
don't know what my hubby was blaberring  he must be happy that I was
missing him so much! Where in reality I was getting my pussy licked
by his friend! It was awkward, difficult  but exciting. I abruptly
ended the call with a "achchha byee jaanu, kal fir phone karungi.
Then I slapped the bastard, but held his face to my cunt anyway, and
then I came instantly, without warning  trying to push him away 
Rahul, I am going to cum  he said, cum aunty, cum in my mouth ! I
locked my thighs with his face in between, and came profusely  he
kept sucking noisily, and kept licking and moaning. When my orgasm
subsided, he asked, aunty, maza aaya? Saale, agar mera husband meri
siskariyan sun leta to? He was still licking and biting my cunt.

Par haan rahul, pehle kabhi aisa maza naheen aaya. Wo phone par
thay, aur main  choot chatwa rahi thee  he completed the sentence,
and came up, pressed my boobs hard, sucked my nipples, and suddenly
got on top and put his hard cock between my boobs. Wow, the feeling
of that hard cock between my boobs was wonderful  I instinctively
held my boobs with both my hands and squeezed them around his cock.
He started tit-fucking me. I loved the sensation of another man's
hard cock between my tits. I held my boobs tight around his cock, and
he enjoyed the friction  Kya mamme hain aunty, he said and kept
rubbing his cock up and down between my boobs. He now got his cock
higher up, poking out between my tits, reaching my chin ! every time
his cock touched my chin, shivers of excitement ran thru me, and I
then opened my mouth and reached for his cock with my tongueummmm,
the touch of his cock on my tongue  so hard, so manly unlike my
husband's  he smiled and said  aunty, lena hai munh mein? I could
bear it no longer. I opened my mouth wide, inviting his cock. He
stood up and pushed it into my mouth. My god  I was doing it!

Another man's cock in my mouth. My poor husband  I loved him, but
today I was not going to stop! I sucked his cock, and got my hands to
it. I licked it, tongued it and slurped it, licking his balls, the
underside of his wonderful cock, -- and sucking noisily. He pinched
my nipples, and extended his hand back wards to slap my pussy hard!
Saali, lund choos rahi hai? He took out his cock, and I went for it,
mouth open  he said  beg for it aunty  bolo apko choosna hai  I
begged  please rahul, choosne do apna mardana lund, daalo ise mere
munh mein. He liked it, he rubbed it around my mouth, over my lips
and said, -- maang, fir maang saali, lund maang mera  I replied  de
na, de apna lund, choosna hai mujhe, ab khush? Haan, he said and
plunged it deep into my mouth. He began fucking my mouth, and I
enjoyed being roughed up. He slapped my pussy again, and said  bahut
geeli ho gayee hai choot. I said, taiyaar ho gayee hai  ab chod de
apni aunty ko. He got up and went between my legs -- aunty, finally,
ab chudogi tum  and he pushed his hard, big cock into my pussy 
daal de rahul  I said  daal de andar, chod daal aaj apni aunty ko.

He pushed it in and I felt my pussy being filled up like never
before! He went in so deep, where my husband's cock had never
reached, and I was on top of the world  aunty, he said  apne
husband ko yaad kar , I said  chod chod mujhe, jaanti hoon kya sun
na chahta hai, -- haan, mere husband ke bus ka naheen hai mujhe aise
chodna  raggad daal meri choot  fuck me rahul, fuck me haard! He
plundered my cunt, and I was enjoying it  the feeling of his hard,
young cock in my pussy was too good. My husband's cock never
satisfied my desire for a real good fuck, and I was now sure that I
was'nt really wrong  I could feel his long hard cock in my pussy,
rubbing my clit on its way in and out  things I had never
experienced with my hubby. It was so hard, so warm, I felt thrilled
to my core my pussy loved being fucked like this --and I was close
to my orgasm  rahul, zor se aur zor se, phaad de meri choot, chod
mujhe zor zor se , -- ohh, ummmmm , aaahhhhhhhhhhhhh I came  and he
stepped up full throttle aunteeeee, le le aunty, ahhhhhh
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh he spurted out  I felt his hot cum flushing my
insides. Hot and abundant, spurting again and again  he made me
wonder how much he could cum. My husband had always cum quickly, and
this guy was filling my cunt with loads of hot cum  the feeling was
so great that I tookit as a justification for my promiscuity  if
this was fucking  why did I have to miss it? This WAS the fucking a
woman deserves, so if my hubby could'nt do it, why should I be
deprived of such a wonderful fuck? I squeezed his cock with my cunt 
milking his cock with my pussy, and he collapsed on me, crushing my
boobs.

Aunty, maza aa gay, kya garam maal hai tu aunty  wo saala tujhe
kaise satisfy kata hoga  aaj tujhe chod diya maine  bahut maza aaya
aunty. Saali, lund choosti bhi achchha hai  fir chudwaya bhi khoob
maze se  pehle kyon nakhre kar rahi thee ? and he sucked my nipples
again . I was spent, and fully satisfied. Never before did I get so
completely fucked and I was sure that this was not going to be
the `only once' that I had promised myself. No, I was going to get
more fucking and licking and sucking from this dude  I was sure, as
I let him withdraw  this was the greatest fuck of my life, and I now
have no regrets  I deserve the fun, and I'm going to keep getting
it, I promised myself before drifting off to 