                                   Wifes Revenge
                                   By Lust 4 Life

Sally and her husband are trying to get pregnant, when she discovers hes been cheating 
on her. She decides two can play at that game, and she holds the stronger hand. She goes 
to a bar, picks up a young stud, and lets him take her bareback. MF preg.

Intro

Sally was stunned when she found the email on her husbands laptop. She had been 
looking for some of their company records when she stumbled across the directory. 
Unmistakable, the notes, the dates, it was absolutely clear her husband wasnt just having 
an affair  he was having two! She was crushed, humiliated. Her perfect marriage was 
crumbling around her. What hurt most was that they had decided to have their first child 
and she was trying to get pregnant with him. How could he do this to her? Then her hurt 
turned to anger. How dare he fool around on her? Well, if he could fool around, why 
shouldnt she? And he had a lot more to lose  chances were his two lady friends were 
not interested in having his child  just a good romp in the hay. But she, she was fertile 
and ready to conceive. You want to fool around buster  alright, lets both fool around 
and see what happens she thought to herself.

She laid her plans carefully. She monitored his email and waited for his next rendezvous, 
when he said he would be out of town overnight on business, but was actually going to 
spend the night with one of his lovers. After he left for his trip, she drove to a town 
nearby where it was unlikely she would run into anyone she knew, and got a motel room. 
That evening, she dressed in her best slutty outfit, low cut top accentuating her large 
breasts, short, short skirt, no panties, high fuck me pumps, eye liner, lipstick, the 
works. She was a sight  her natural good looks (slim with all the right curves, well 
endowed, cascading dark hair) combined with her outfit could, as the song goes, make a 
dead man cum. She had done her homework and knew several good bars in the area for 
meeting men. She picked one that offered both pool and dancing.

Pulling in to the parking lot, she reviewed the situation again in her mind. Did she really 
want to do this? If she went through with this, she was going to pick up some young stud, 
take him back to her motel, and fuck him without protection. Let him have a chance at 
impregnating her instead of her husband. After a few moments thought, she decided, yes, 
she was still okay with the plan. That bastard was fooling around on her, this was going 
to be his reward. With that, she got out of the car and headed into the bar. The bouncer 
checking IDs had obviously seen a lot, but even so his eyes widened a bit as he saw her 
approaching  yes she was definitely going to turn a few heads tonight!

Fishing

After showing her ID, she walked up and sat at the bar. It wasnt long before a man a few 
years younger than herself, perhaps 23, approached her saying she looked like she was 
looking for company, and definitely looked hot, and could he buy her a drink? She 
allowed that she was open to meeting new friends and yes, shed be delighted if hed buy 
her a drink. As they talked, she let him know that she had picked this bar because it had 
both pool and dancing  and she liked both. She learned his name was Mike. Naturally he 
asked her if she would like to shoot a game of pool and she accepted. She used the game 
to tease Mike and show off her assets. She made sure he was in front of her when she 
bent over to shoot, offering him a good view down her top at her full breasts. Later, she 
made sure he was behind her as she bent over to shoot. As she was shooting, she heard 
him gasp  I guess he noticed Im not wearing underwear she thought. This was 
confirmed when she left him an easy shot and he completely muffed it. He was definitely 
beginning to think that he was on to something here.

After they finished their game of pool, he asked her if shed like to dance. When she 
replied, Sure, love to, he asked her Fast of slow? She replied that she always 
preferred the slow dances with a partner that turned her on. Sally was definitely enjoying 
herself. She was amused, and flattered, at the effect she was having on Mike. The poor 
man was definitely flustered by her, but also obviously excited and eagerly hoping to 
score with her. As they waited out a couple of fast numbers, Mike tried to keep his eyes 
off her barely covered breasts and carry on a conversation. Finally a slow number came 
on and they moved to the floor. Sally melted into his arms as they moved together. It 
wasnt long before she felt his hands moving over her ass. This caused a twinge in her 
pussy and she pushed against him harder. Speaking of which, she could feel a bulge in his 
pants. She ground her pubic mound against his growing erection as his hands continued 
to massage her ass. This in turn caused her to feel a growing dampness in her pussy, 
knowing she was turning this man on, causing him to get aroused over her.

When the number finished, they started to head back to the bar and she said 
mischievously, Felt like you enjoyed that dance. Mike grinned and said, That was hot. 
I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. After Sally told him that she had, Mike asked if 
she would like to go someplace a little quieter, where they could be alone. She said she 
thought that would be great. She led the way outside, swaying her hips and letting Mike 
enjoy the view. Once outside, Mike asked, Your place or mine? Mine is just a couple of 
minutes from here. Although she had the motel room, she decided to throw a little more 
at Mike, and said (with a wicked grin), Your place sounds great. I dont think my 
husband would approve of my bringing you to our house. Mike swore under his breath, 
Jees-uus! They piled into his car and Sally snuggled up next to him and dropped her 
hand on his thigh, stroking it. She was like a cat in heat and was making sure Mike knew 
exactly what she wanted. Once they were out of the parking lot, Mike put an arm around 
her and reaching down, began kneading her breast. She moaned, feeling the dampness in 
her cunt increase, and moved her hand to his crotch, massaging his now obvious erection. 
My, your pants feel a little tight on you this evening she commented. You are one hot 
lady! he responded.

They soon arrived at his place and hurried to the door. This is it she thought to herself, 
I am going to a mans place to fuck him, and maybe get pregnant by him. She realized 
that she was past revenge and anger. This was turning her on, she wanted this man, this 
stranger to fuck her and empty his load in her unprotected womb. Mike fumbled with the 
keys and got the door open. They turned to each other on the threshold, and grabbed each 
other, kissing passionately, tongues exploring each others mouths, as intimate and 
sharing of each others bodies as they could be short of actual intercourse. And the effect 
was over-powering for both of them, causing her pussy to spasm and start really getting 
wet in preparation for the inevitable mating to come, while his cock throbbed and grew, 
straining at his pants for release. Their hands were all over each other, grabbing asses, his 
hands on her breasts, under her skirt slipping into her naked and now sopping pussy, her 
hands grabbing his hard dick through his pants, squeezing it with the promise of better 
things soon to come.

Consumation

Gasping they tore themselves apart and Mike led the way to the bedroom. They both left 
a trail of shed clothes behind. They fell on the bed, naked, kissing passionately, hands 
eagerly exploring each others bodies. Mikes hands, a strange mans hands, not her 
husbands, running over her body sent shivers throughout Sallys body. His hands were 
squeezing her breasts, her ass, cupping her mound. And she just as eagerly was running 
her hands over his body, over his broad strong back, his ass, and then cupping his heavy 
balls and squeezing his rapidly rising cock. She was squeezing the cock of a man who 
was not her husband, who was in fact a complete stranger, stimulating him, making him 
desire her. Soon she was stroking a rock hard cock, could feel it throbbing with desire in 
her hand. She was so hot she couldnt stand it, to hell with foreplay, she wanted to feel 
his cock inside her.

I want you. I want you to fuck me she husked as she broke their embrace, laying back, 
spreading her legs in wanton invitation. Mike reached over into a bedside drawer and 
withdrew a condom. Forget that silly thing she said, I want to feel your naked cock in 
my pussy, flesh on flesh. And I want your load inside me, splashing in my cunt. My 
husband and I are trying to get pregnant and I just found out he is cheating on me. So I 
figure two can play at that game, and he has more to lose. You get an equal shot at me. 
What do you say stud? Gonna help me play sperm roulette?

Mikes jaw just dropped and his eyes bugged out, but only for a second. Then a wicked 
grin crossed his face. Who am I to argue? He tossed the condom aside and crawled 
between Sallys legs, his stiff cock sticking out in eager anticipation. Sally watched him, 
his muscular body, his stiff cock that would soon be inside her, his balls that were 
preparing his seed for her. She saw the large tube on the underside through which his 
sperm would shoot during his ejaculation, and the slit at the end which would be buried 
deep in her body, pressed to her cervix when his semen burst forth in search of her egg. 
She felt herself getting even wetter, her juice running down the crack of her ass as Mike 
brought the head into position. Her body quivered at the first touch of his cock head 
against her pussy lips. Her body was totally aroused, ready to play the mating game. 
Mike rubbed the head up and down her slit, lubricating it and then started to push into 
her. They both groaned with the sensations. She felt him pushing deeper and deeper into 
her, stretching her, until she felt his pubic bone grind against hers.

They lay together, savoring the sensation, locked in that most intimate embrace. The 
knowledge that he was going to be riding her bareback, that she was totally open to him 
was too much for Sally. Come on do it! Ride me, fuck me hard! Dont hold back! she 
husked. And she reached around to fondle his balls in encouragement. Mike began to 
thrust into her. Soon Sallys consciousness contracted to the feeling of Mikes prick 
hammering in her pussy. Her hands grabbed his ass, pulling him deeper into her on each 
in stroke. Mike was fucking her in earnest now, thrusting vigorously into her. She felt his 
balls slapping her ass, his pubic bone grinding against hers, his prick head brushing her 
cervix each time he thrust in.

Soon she could feel the waves of her orgasm building and she knew that at this pace 
Mike could not hold out for long. Her hips were now driving up against him, trying to get 
the maximum sensation from his driving prick, the maximum penetration, and in the 
process, further stimulating him. She could feel that she was getting close, and Mikes 
tempo had picked up till he was thrusting rapidly into her, sweat starting to break out on 
him. She could feel his body tensing, his breath coming in pants from his exertion as his 
sperm began boiling in his balls, getting ready to blast into her. She became aware that 
she was moaning loudly as Mike continued to ram his baby maker into her. She was on 
the edge now, when she felt his penis starting to get even larger and harder inside her, 
stretching her pussy and increasing the friction between them. She knew he was just 
seconds away from coming in her, from shooting his potent load of sperm into her belly 
and that she was ready to receive his offering. She wanted to feel his juice inside her. 
Looking into his eyes, she said, Come on. Give it to me. Give me your load! I want to 
feel you pumping your sperm into my open womb!

And then she felt his cock pulse strongly inside her and Mike jammed his hips forward, 
driving his prick head hard against the entrance to her womb, and Sally knew that it was 
happening, that Mike was pumping his baby juice into her. And her body erupted in the 
most intense orgasm of her life in celebration of Mikes infusion. They ground against 
each other, genitals locked tightly together, throbbing together as Mikes cock pulsed 
time after time shooting streams of his semen into her receptive body, her pussy 
massaging, milking him, urging him to give her everything he had.

Finally they relaxed. Laying together, Sally could feel the extra squishiness inside her 
from Mikes deposit and knew that his sperm were even now swimming through her 
womb, searching for her egg. Oh my god whispered Mike, that was the most intense 
sex I have ever had. When I came, I thought my body was going to turn inside out, 
shooting out through my cock. I dont think Ive ever come so much or so hard!

Eventually Mikes prick softened and slipped out of Sally. But they lay together, kissing 
and fondling each other, and before long she could feel his prick starting to swell again. 
She bent over and started licking and sucking on this magnificent instrument until it was 
straining in anticipation. This time, Sally got on her knees and let Mike take her from 
behind.

When she finally left the next morning, she knew that she would be doing this again 
soon. The feeling and excitement of taking a strange prick in her unprotected vagina, of 
going bareback and taking a strange mans sperm was too good to give up.

