The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, non-commercial archive
sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com


MY BOSS' SLUT

Part One

Becky and I met and married in college, finishing together to began our careers, she as a school
teacher, me as an accountant.  Our sex life was normal, normal and dull.  It was just straight sex,  
missionary style. I tried to talk to her about expanding her horizons and tried to get her to do
other things, or, maybe even tell me her fantasies, but, she seemed sexless most of the time.   

Then, after we had been married about three years, we found out I was sterile and that is the
reason we could not have a child. Becky was devastated.  She so wanted children.  I felt horrible
because I wanted them, too, but, more than that, because I had let her down.   It was about then I
started having fantasies of her having sex with another man, a man who would impregnate her, a
man to give her what I could not, a child. 

I never had the courage to share my fantasies with her, although they became stronger and
stronger.   Every time we would see a couple with a small baby, I would see the pain in her face,
see her wanting.  Over time, I could see something else. I could see her disgust with me for being
sterile, for being unable to give her that.  

She would fight her feelings.  I could see her pendulum swing from being over solicitous with
me to revulsion at not being able to give her a child.  It was so hard on both of us.   

One night, after we both had too much to drink, I told her my fantasy.  I told her I dreamed of her
being impregnated by another man, of bearing a happy healthy child, of me watching them
having sex or her telling me all about it.  This was so much a part of the fantasy.  I must know
everything, as if I were impregnating her through him.

She slapped me hard, then she slapped me again. "How dare you think me a slut!" she screamed,
pounding on my chest with her fists.  "I'm your wife, you sterile wimp!"  She began to cry
buckets, collapsing against me as she sobbed.  Immediately, she begged my forgiveness at calling
me a wimp, saying she knew it was not my fault, that wanted a child as much as she did.  


I threw myself in my work.  Our relationship declined even faster, to the point she would lie there
limply when we had sex. I got to the point I would rather not bother her.  Yet, even though she
was listless in our bed, I felt a tension building in her. 

Then, the firm had a cocktail party for an executive who was being transferred to another office. 
Three other men had been fired. Those changes opened up some job opportunities which had not
yet been filled. Mr. Williams, the top man in the company, was going to be at the party to meet
all of us.  I'm sure part of the reason he was there was to evaluate some of us who might be up
for a promotion. 

Becky claimed to be too tired to go, but I insisted.  This was too important for her to miss.  Our
company liked to hire married people and wives were an important part of our culture.  At the
party, Becky relaxed and began enjoying herself as she normally did.  She was really a very
pleasant person normally, before the child crisis anyway.  

We had been there about two hours when I realized Becky was not by my side. I saw her talking
to Mr. Williams in the corner. They seemed intent.  I turned to talk to someone else.  When I
looked for her again, she was gone. So was Mr. Williams. 

Immediately, I began to wonder. What was happening? Had they left together? Then, my
immediate supervisor grabbed me to meet the new recruit.  I was stranded, trying to make polite
conversation while my brain whirled.  I felt a hand on my arm.  It was Becky. 

"Honey, let's go home," she said.   Her eyes were wild, more alive then I could remember seeing
them in years. She was very excited as she dug her nails into my arm. I said my farewells and
followed her toward the door. Mr. Williams was watching us as we left. In the car, I tried to
make conversation but she said she did not want to talk right now. She leaned back as if asleep
but her foot was moving rhythmically with her shoe dangling off her toes.  She bounced into the
house.  

"Did you have a nice talk with Mr. Williams?" I asked as we undressed in our bedroom after the
party. The tension was thick.  Becky was moving sensually, her hips rotating more than normal,
her back arched. I was hard just thinking about her.  

"Yes. Why didn't you tell me you were up for a promotion?"  

"I didn't know I was. The rumor mill had my name in the pot but I have not been officially
informed."  

"Well, you certainly are being considered," Becky said.  

I was sitting on the bed in my jockeys.  Becky was now naked except for her panties.  I knew she
wanted sex because she let me see her bare breasts.  She had a funny smile as she sat next to me
on the bed, a funny, wild smile. 

"Tell me you favorite sexual fantasy again," she said.  

I quivered. She had never asked this question before, never.  

"Which one?" I asked, although I knew exactly which one she meant. 

She dragged her nails over my bare leg. "You know which one."

"I want you to have sex with another man.  I want him to impregnate you.  I want to watch or I
want you to come home and tell me about it."  I gasped it out, my voice squeaky. Sweat started to
flow from me. 

"Tell me yours now," I asked.  Becky would never discuss her fantasies. I knew tonight was
going to be different. She was dying to tell me.  She gave me a coquettish gaze, looking up from
under her lashes.

"Oh, mine is almost the same as yours. In mine, a strong man takes me in a situation where I
have little choice about it. You watch sometimes. Sometimes, I tell you about it.  He fucks me. 
His dick is big and long and thick and so very hard.  He fucks me all he wants to.  He fucks me
and makes me pregnant."  

She was wild, digging her fingernails into my thigh. She leaned over conspiratorially. 

"More than that, he makes me his slut.  Me, Bobby, me.  Little, sweet, shy Becky.  I become his
slut, relishing in his control of me, loving every minute of the sex, doing whatever he wants
anytime he wants." 

"Why did you never tell me that?"  

She ignored my question, standing and walking away. She spun to face me again, hands on hips,
pelvis thrust forward.  

"I know what it will take to get you the promotion," she said.   

"What?"  

"Mr. Williams wants me.  He wants to fuck me." 

I started to quiver.  I could tell Becky was very sexually excited, more excited than I had ever
seen her, even on the honeymoon. Her nipples were hard and I could see the dark stain of honey
dew on her panties. Her eyes glittered as she sat by me again. Her hand slid up my leg to feel the
erection in my shorts.

"I want to fuck him. I want him to take me. I want him to make me his slut. You would like that,
Bobby, wouldn't you? You would like your sweet wife to fuck your boss and for you to get the
promotion.  Think of it, Bobby. Think of Mr. Williams, your boss, between my legs, fucking me,
fucking me so hard.  Think of his hot cum flooding my ravaged pussy.  Think of his virile sperm
seizing my eggs, making me pregnant.  You would like that, wouldn't you?" 

Her hand was rubbing my cock hard now. I could not hold back.   

"Oh, Bobby, you are excited. You came in your shorts. I want you to get hard again and cum in
me, Bobby. I want you to cum in me as I tell you my fantasy." 

I was hard in an instant. Becky stripped off her panties and shoved them in my face, giving me a
deep smell of her delicious odors. She lay on her back and pulled me between her legs as our
eyes locked together. I was moving slowly in and out.  

"Mr. Williams is my fantasy, Bobby. He tells me I will do as he says. If I do, you get a big raise.
If I don't, you get fired. I have no choice. But, if I had a choice, it would be him.  I want him to
father my children. I want my belly fat with his child.  So, I let him have me.  And, oh, Bobby, he
really has me! His cock is big, very big, and very hard. He fucks my pussy so good, so good."   

By now, Becky was sweating profusely, her speech slurred, her nails deep in my back, her legs
tight around me.  Our breathing was ragged. I fought to hold back from cumming again.  

"Then, he rolls me over and fucks my ass. He is not gentle. He just rams that big prick in me. I
scream from the pain but it starts to feel good, as good as getting my pussy fucked. Then, I
orgasm from his big cock in my ass.  I can feel you, Bobby. I can tell you are ready to shoot.
Cum, Bobby! Cum in me!  Cum in me thinking of your sweet little wife getting royally fucked by 
your boss, of his seed growing in me."

She screamed and started bucking. I could not hold back any longer.  My cock had never been
that hard that long.  I exploded in her.  As we lay cooling together, Becky said softly, "I intend to
live my fantasy, Bobby. I am going to fuck your boss. I am going to bear his children And, if he
will have me, I am going to be his slut." 

She slipped out of bed. I heard her make a phone call from the living room. When she returned, I
asked what she did.  

"I called Mr. Williams. He will explain it to you in the morning.  Now, go to sleep."  

She curled up against me. I could not sleep.  I had never been so aroused, so hard, so wild, as I
thought about my Becky carrying a baby. During the night, as her bottom was curled against me,
I slipped my cock in her.  She moaned and pushed back. "That is it, Bobby.  Fuck me while I
dream of carrying Mr. Williams' baby."

Mr. Williams called me into his office early the next day. 

"I understand you and your wife had a nice conversation after the party last night, Bob," he said.  

"Yes, sir."  

His eyes were cool, neutral as he watched me. I was surprised as how calm I felt.   

"And, what is your understanding, Bob?"  

"My wife is going to have an affair with you." 

"Is that all?"

"No, sir.  You will make her pregnant."

A small smile twitched the corner of his lip for an instant. His eyes softened some.   

"You have no problem with that?"   

"No, sir. I have no problem."

"It will be more than that, Bob.  Let me explain the ground rules. First, you will get the
promotion and a nice raise." 

"Thank you, Mr. Williams," I replied. He nodded.   

"I will expect your wife to do as I say when I say, which includes dress and decorum. I will have
her when I wish, where I wish.  In addition, I expect her to perform for my friends when I tell her
to. So, it will not be just me fucking her, Bob.  Do you understand that?" 

"Mr. Williams, may I sit down?"

"Of course. Would you like a drink?"

"No, sir. It is just . . . "

"I understand, Bob, but, I want you to be aware of what is going to happen to her if I take her. No
surprises."  

"Yes, sir."

"The affair may last a weekend or a lifetime.  I understand you two do not have sex very often?" 

"Yes, sir. Maybe twice a month."   He laughed, not an evil laugh, but a laugh which said I was a
fool for letting my wife service me so seldom.

"One of the real benefits to you, Bob, will be lots of sex.  She will have sex with you every night,
either vaginally or orally.  Anally is reserved for me."   

"Of course," I said.  

"Any night she does not satisfy you, you are to tell me the next morning so I can punish her. I
will punish her for not keeping you very happy in bed or for any other reason I choose. In fact,
she will be punished whenever I think she needs it, Bob." 

The thought of my wife being punished by my boss made me hard as a rock.  I wondered how he
would do it. 

"As for you, you are to continue to treat her as your wife, to love and care for her.  She will need
care, particularly when she is pregnant and during the delivery stage.  And, I expect you to be a
fine father for my children, Bob.  I mean that sincerely." 

"Children?"

"Yes.  Children.  I expect her to have three to five, in total, at least two of which are mine.  Do
you understand this, Bob?  I will make sure she has several children by me and at least one child
by someone other than me."  

"Yes, sir.  I understand.  We both do want children."

"Well, you will have plenty of them."  He came around from behind his desk, sitting in the chair
next to mine.

"She told me your fantasy.  I will let you watch sometimes but,  most often, she will tell you
about it. I am sure she will have some good stories.  Any questions?" 

"No, sir."  

"Good.  I am picking your wife up at three today. She is spending the weekend with me."   

I did not know what to say to that. Finally, I said, "Well, have a nice weekend."  

He laughed. "I am sure I will, Bob."

At three that afternoon, my head was spinning, knowing at this moment my wife was getting in
my boss' car to fuck him for the weekend. I was so hard and my mind was so full of visions of
Mr. Williams fucking my wife I could not think.  That night at home I masturbated twice,
thinking about Becky with Mr. Williams. Saturday was a long day. Saturday night,  I had just put
a movie in the VCR when I heard the door bell. It was a young woman. She had on too much
makeup, extremely tight clothes with a bare midriff and a very short skirt. She had high heels and
stringy blonde hair. 

"Bobby Jones?" she asked.  

"Yes. Who are you?"

"I am Tiffany. Mr. Williams sent me.  I am your promotion bonus."  

Tiffany was a real pro. She spent the night with me, taking her time to make the sex very
enjoyable.  I came four times before she left at dawn. But, she was not my wife. She was not
Becky. 

Becky got home about six Sunday night looking exhausted and well used. She gave me a big,
long kiss at the door.   

"Want to hear?" she asked.   

"Yes," I answered, as my cock strained at my pants.  

"I need a hot bath. Come on and I will tell you."  I followed her into the bathroom where she
drew the bath water and undressed. As she turned around, I gasped.  Her breasts were bruised,
with blue splotches on them. I saw other bruises as my eyes ran down her body.  Then, I had a
bigger surprise. 

"How do you like my shaved snatch?"  Becky asked.  Her pussy was smooth and bald.  

"What is that?"  

"A ring through my clit hood.  He had me pierced.  Want to touch?"  I touched the tiny steel ring.
She shivered and gasped from sexual need.  

"That sure pops my clit," she moaned. Slowly, she lowered herself in the tub, moaning in
enjoyment from the steaming water.

"How was Tiffany?" she asked.  

"He told you?"  

"Yes. I think that was nice of him to do."  

"Tiffany was fine. I got a wonderful blow job."  I said this intentionally because it was something
Becky never did.  She laughed.  

"I probably gave more blow jobs this weekend than Tiffany did. Get me some aspirin and a soft
drink, please, Bobby."  When I returned, she took the aspirin, and lay back. 

"Ready to hear?" she asked.  

My cock had been ready since she walked in the door.  

"I would love to hear," I said.

"He picked me up at three.  We went directly to a store where he bought me some new clothes to
wear, slutty clothes, Bobby, clothes that reveal me like you have never seen.  I will model them
for you later.   I was wearing my new clothes when he took me to a nice restaurant.  Then, we
went dancing.  It was about one when we got to his house.  He took me to his bedroom. We
hugged and kissed as we undressed each other. Then, he lay me back.  His cock is huge, Bobby. I
mean a monster. I was afraid I could not take it all. But, he was very gentle, letting me get use to
his size. God, Bobby, I have never felt so full. It was heaven."  

She opened her eyes to look at me.  I was rubbing my very hard cock through my pants. She
smiled softly.  

"I have been ordered to take care of your every need.  Want a blow job?" she asked.   

"Yes," I croaked.  

"Well, get over here."

I dropped my pants and moved to the side of the tub. Becky, braced herself on her elbows on the
tub side, and sucked me into her mouth. I was so aroused it took only a second before I shot.
Becky swallowed it down like a slut, the slut she had become.  Then, she relaxed again in the
bath.

"He fucked me until I could not come any more. Bobby, it was something.  I had never come like
that in my life. I mean I was fucked out, but he had not cum. He can hold back forever. I felt his
hand in my pussy. Then, it moved to my ass.  I could feel his fingers penetrating me back there. 

'What are you doing?' I asked him.  

'I am going to fuck your ass now. I am lubricating it.'  

'No. I don't want you back there,' I said.  

He just gave me an evil, demanding smile. 'Actually, I would enjoy your fighting me. Raping
your ass would be more fun for me than you giving it to me. But, it would hurt you a lot more.  I
suggest you shut up and turn over'."

I was getting hard again but Becky's eyes were closed, her hands gently caressing her nipples
which were hard as rocks. She was getting as hot remembering as she was telling me as I was
listening. 

" 'No,' I said. 'You may not have my ass.'  

We both knew I wanted him to force me, to rape my ass. I guess the restraints were hidden
behind the mattress. He rolled me over and lay on me. He pulled the restraints out and attached
me to the bed, face down, arms spread.  

"Now, little slut, beg me to fuck your ass.'  

'No,' I said, wondering what he would do. He reached under me, lifting me up a little to grab my
breasts. He began to squeeze, his fingers digging into my flesh. It started to really hurt.  That it
where the bruises on my tits came from, Bobby, from his crushing it when I told him no. 

'Please don't,' I whimpered.  He squeezed harder. I though he would rip my breasts off. Now, I
was crying. I could stand no more.  

'Fuck my ass, please. Fuck my ass. I am begging.'"

"He yanked me up on all fours. I felt his hands pull my ass cheeks apart, his monster at my virgin
hole. He slammed all the way in on one stroke. God, it hurt, Bobby. I felt like I was being ripped
in two.  I screamed.  I tried to pull away but his hands held my hips and my arms were tied. He
waited as my ass hole spasmed in pain. When it finally relaxed, the pain began to subside. He
started to move in and out, fucking my ass. It felt good.  Soon, I was begging him to never stop. 
Oh, I begged him, Bobby.  I begged him to never stop fucking my ass.  I came twice from his
monster cock up my ass."  

She sighed contentedly and her eyes opened again. She smiled at me and saw my cock red and
ready. 

"Don't worry. I will let you have my ass someday," she said.  

"No, Becky.  Mr. Williams told me I was never to take you there.  It is reserved for him."   

"Well, I will make it up to you," she said.

Becky stood and began to dry off.  Becky never bathes in front of me and for her to stand and let
me look at her naked body while she dries off is a great change in her behavior.  A change for the
better, I might add.  I looked closer at her body. I could see faint fingerprints bruised against her
hips where he had held her.   

"What happened then," I asked? She gave me a little, knowing smile.  She knew I was totally
aroused by her story.   

"After he came in my ass, we showered together.  I sucked him until he was nice and hard. Then,
he fucked me again. I went to sleep wrapped in his arms."  Becky wrapped her arms around me,
kissing me.  I could taste my cum in her mouth. 

"You want a quickie or do you want to hear the rest of the story first?" she asked.   

"A quickie."  After walking to the bed, Becky lay back, gave me a slutty look and spread her legs
wide, grabbing her ankles to hold herself open.  I had never seen her do that before.  I knee
walked between her legs and slipped my cock into her. She was sopping wet.  She wrapped those
legs around me and fucked me until I came, which was not long.

"Did you orgasm?" I asked.  She kissed me gently. 

"Bobby, I probably don't orgasm from you fucking me one time in ten. That is the reason I like
you to eat me.  And, it is one of the reasons I want Mr. Williams' monster cock.  I orgasmed over
and over on his cock, Bobby.  Now, please eat me, baby.  I want to cum, too."  

I slipped between her legs, my mouth and tongue licking and sucking, taking her cum and mine,
until she screamed in orgasm.  When she had recovered, she continued. 

"Saturday, I accompanied him as he played golf, riding in the cart. The cart was crowded with
three of us but it was cozy. His partner put his hand on my leg at one point. I looked at Mr.
Williams but he winked at me.  His partner, Mr. Arnold, took liberties the rest of the way.  I
came on his fingers behind the seventeenth green."  

Becky was watching me like a hawk, to see my reaction.  I was enjoying her story very much. 

"Saturday night, he told me what to wear. Do you want to see it?"  

"Very much," I replied.     

She jumped up and opened her suitcase.  She put on a black garter belt, black fishnet stockings,
black five-inch-heeled shoes with a strap running around her ankle, a very short and very tight
black skirt. She added a white pushup bra and a see through white blouse which emphasized her
breasts and narrow waist.  She looked like a slut, a high class slut.  

"Like it?" she asked.  

"Yes."

"Watch when I sit down." 

She sat. It was almost impossible for her pussy not to show, the dress was so short.  And, since
she wore no panties and was shaven, the lips of her pussy were plainly visible.

"What do you think, Bobby? I am a slut, or what?  I told you I would be his slut."  She was
excited at the thought, at being his slut.  

"Go on with your story," I said. She smiled at me. 

"'What are we doing tonight?" I asked.  

'Mr. Arnold is joining us for dinner. Then, the three of us are coming back here for sex.'  

I began to tingle. I never had two men before. And, it was very thrilling to be told and expected
to obey without regard for my feelings.  It was a lovely dinner at another great restaurant. During
dinner both of them played with my legs. Oh, Bobby, at one point, my skirt was up so far, both of
them put fingers in me at the same time. It made me cum. Right there in the restaurant, I came
from two men finger fucking me.  When we returned to the house,  Mr. Arnold kissed me and
began undressing me. Mr. Williams joined us. I never had two men before as you know, Bobby. 
I took one in my ass while another was in my pussy. I sucked one off while the other fucked me. 
I kept their cocks clean with my mouth.  I must have cum fifty times.  They left me in the guest
bedroom, passed out from exhaustion."

She grinned.  

"You have cum twice tonight. Do you need another?"  

"Oh, yes," I said with a laugh. 

"Doggie style?" Becky said.  I fucked my wife doggie style. This time I believe she came as I
lasted forever.  

"What happened next?"  

Becky was exhausted, drifting in and out of sleep. 

"Hum?"  

"After Saturday night?"  

"Oh. Sunday, I fucked and sucked them both again.  Then, I took a short nap.  Mr. Williams
awakened me, telling me we had an errand.  That is when he had me pierced. That hurt. He
meant it to hurt.  The man at the tattoo parlor who did the piercing suggested they use a topical
painkiller on me to deaden the area. Mr. Williams told him no, he wanted me to feel it. 

'We need to tie her down, then,' the guy said.  They tied me to a table, naked, legs spread.  I felt
him grab the hood with forceps and pull it out. Then, pop.  I screamed like crazy.  They gave me
some aspirin. It is still throbbing some."

Becky smiled wanly. 

"Bobby, I have got to sleep," she said and rolled over.  I heard her snoring in an instant. 

The week was fairly uneventful.  The biggest change was for me was I had sex with my wife
every night. And, it was not the plain old sex we had been having. It was wild, hard sex with both
of us orgasming until we could not cum again.  Of course, I ate her pussy each night.  It was very
clear to me that my cock did not make her cum.  

Then, Wednesday, she went to the beauty parlor. Becky had long brown hair which reached to
her shoulders.  She always wore it straight. She always wore a small earring in each ear.  When
she got back, I was shocked at the change in her appearance.  Her hair was cut shorter, dyed a
beautiful golden blonde and curled so it lay around her head.  And, she had five tiny gold rings in
each ear. 

Thursday night, she said, "I am not going to have sex with you. I know you are suppose to tell
him. I just want to see what he will do."  I was angry with her for denying me and told her so.  
She was very surprised I was so strong with her.  I think it secretly pleased her.  But, she was
adamant.  She wanted to find out what Mr. Williams would do.  She found out.  

When I told him, he immediately called her at school. He ordered her to his office as soon as
school was over that afternoon.  About four, he called me, telling me to join him in his office. 
Becky was sitting in a chair in his waiting room when I got there. Immediately, we both entered.  
She was twitching all over as she stood in front of his desk, bright eyed and eager with
anticipation. He never said a word to her, although he did speak to me. He came around from
behind his desk and undressed her.  When Becky was at school, she still wore the same
conservative clothes she had always worn. Other times, she dressed like the slut she had become. 
He stripped her naked except for her thigh high stockings.  Those he rolled down to her knees. 

Then, he started fastening restraints to her wrists, thick leather bracelets which buckled in place
and had big rings.  Becky never complained.  In fact, she was loving it.  I could smell her pussy
and see the juice on her thigh. When he finished with her arms, he attached restraints to her legs. 
He pushed her face down over his desk.  With rope, he bound her legs and arms so she could not
get away.  

Becky was wild now.  She started begging him not to hurt her.  He grinned at me.  It was clear
she was loving what was happening to her.  Finally, her spoke to her. 

"Becky, I do not tolerate disobedience.  I told you to satisfy your husband every night. He tells
me you intentionally did not obey last night to see what I would do."  

"Yes, sir," she sobbed.  

I could see the panic in her eyes as he jammed a ball gag in her mouth and fastened the straps
behind her head.  Her face was total fear and she was squirming all she could when he showed
her the willow branch.  It was about four feet long and very supple.  

"Now, Becky, you are a slut and I am your master.  Bob is your husband.  You will obey both of
us all the time. This whipping will help you remember that." 

He gave her twenty and he was not gentle.  The stripes covered her from the back of her knees to
the small of her back, although most landed on her ass and upper thighs.  I could hear her scream
through the gag as the welts, red and ugly, immediately popped up when the willow branch
struck her. 

When he stopped, he commanded, "fuck her cunt, Bob."   

I was rock hard. I jumped behind her and slammed into her. She orgasmed on the first thrust but I
was pleased how long I lasted before I filled her with cum. Mr. Williams dropped his pants. His
cock was a monster, much bigger than mine.  He ran it in and out of her sopping pussy to get
lubrication, then slammed it as hard as he could in her ass.   She screamed again and passed out. 
He stopped, his cock in her to the hilt.  He retrieved smelling salts from his shirt pocket and held
it under her nose.  When she revived, he fucked her ass long and hard until they both came. He
walked in front of her, removed the gag and stuck his cock in her face, ordering her to clean him. 
I watched her lick her shit and his cum from his cock. He left her there across the desk.  

He sat in his chair and called his secretary, ordering drinks for him and me.  The secretary did not
even flinch when she saw Becky tied down and freshly fucked over his desk.  I was have
expected Becky to be embarrassed at being seen by someone else.  It was obvious what had
happened. But, she had a wild, slutty grin in spite of her crying when the secretary walked in the
room.

After Becky's sobbing had quieted, he asked, "Have we learned a lesson today, slut?"   

"Yes, sir," she said, in a tiny, little girl voice. 

"I will do this whenever I wish and next time, I will not be as gentle with you."  

"Yes, sir," she sobbed again.

"Do you understand about being Bob's slut as well as mine?"

She looked over at me. It was the most loving look I had received from her in a very long time."

"Yes, sir."

"Release her, Bob."  I unbound my wife. When her hands were free, she gently explored her ass, 
winching every time she touched herself. 

"May I go clean up, Mr. Williams?" she asked.  

"No. Just dress.  I want the cum to run down your leg, slut. I want everyone to know you are
freshly whipped and freshly fucked."  

When he called her a slut, she gave him a wild, sexy look.  

"You like being my slut, don't you, Becky?"  

She said nothing but her look screamed yes. He jumped to he side and swatted her ass which was
still tender from her whipping. She squealed and jumped.  

"I asked you a question, slut."  

"Yes, sir."  

"Yes, what?"  

"Yes. I like being your slut."  She turned to look at me.  "I like being your slut, too, Bobby."

From that day forward, there was no question about out relationships.  Mr. Williams was my boss
and Becky's master.  I was his employee and Becky's husband.  Becky was my wife, a teacher,
but, first and foremost, she was a slut, his slut first and my slut second.   


To be continued

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com