THE B&D ACADEMY: WHAT NOT TO WEAR TO SCHOOL

BY PICKUP MAN

Part 6

Betty the lovely blonde mother of little Cindy and Ashley is a
little surprised when she is asked to meet with Linda the Schools
Headmistress in her office as she prepares to leave. She is even
more surprised when she is invited back to the school in one
month for a Special Visit. She will be allowed to observe and
participate in the days activities with not only her two children
but a number of other children. Very surprised at the invitation
to return so soon she is unable to conceal her excitement at the
prospect. Linda's words bring images of possible interaction
between her two little girls and herself. Exciting images of
things she would be forced to do. In her mind it would relive any
guilt as she would be aiding in her girls training, and this was
acceptable. As these thoughts flooded through her mind and added
to all the sexual excitement she had experienced thus far today
she turn her head away fearing Linda could read her thoughts on
her face. Quickly making her exit with her only thought being to
make it to her motel room as fast as possible.

Linda smiles to herself as she also has images of having this
very beautiful young mother and her lovely little daughters at
her mercy for a whole day.

I am still in my private office where I am able to see the two
little blond girls they are led into the Uniform and Equipment
Fitting Room.

Although the two little girls had been released from the exam
tables and had their hands and legs free they were still gagged I
could still hear the sounds of surprise from behind their gags as
they entered into the large equipment room. Both stopped still
and held their collective breaths just looking at all the
equipment hanging in rows and on racks along with many others the
strange items on the walls. Although both little girls were very
young they did know from the days experiences so far all this
stuff was to bring pain to them. About the only things they
recognized were the racks of School Uniforms and a few other
female items. The little girl was awakened from their momentary
shock by the staff personal taking each by the arm and standing
them in the middle of the large room.

Both young girls were still trying to take it all in and were
quickly brought back from their daydream when one of the staff
lowered two strange metal bars attached to ropes hanging from the
ceiling. The little girls were both trying to figure out what the
leather straps on each end of the 3 foot long bar were for. They
did not have long to wait as in just an instant both were grasp
by their arms and the leather straps fastened around their
wrists. Awakened from the shock of their wrists being strapped to
the steel spreader bar by feeling themselves suddenly lifted off
the floor a strangled scream escaped from behind their gags. It
only took seconds before both girls were moaning from behind
their gags as they lifted until their feet no longer touched the
floor.

With both naked little girls hanging the first thing to be fitted
on their little bodies is a bra, but not an ordinary bra. It is a
special design, which all students both male and female are
required to wear, it is designed for a number of tasks and none
of them is comfort. The material is of a fine woven white silk
and that is where any resemblance to a normal bra ends. The
garment has no breast cups as a normal bra but two holes where
they would be. Four silk straps about 4 inches long are sewn into
it spaced evenly around the open holes. A thin steel ring 1 1/2
inch in diameter is attached to the other end of the four silk
straps, the ring can be removed when the need arises or to attach
a larger ring to fit individual breast sizes.

Each of the little girls lets out a low moan from around her gag
while a slight shiver passes through her body as the unusual bra
is fitted on her. The moan and shiver is not from looks of the
bra but from the cold steel ring as it is placed over their
little pale pink circle around their little ringed nipples. The
two little girls are completely unaware of the effect those
little steel rings will have on their daily lives from now on.
The Staff Nurses adjust the straps on the rings so they are not
to tight since the little girls nipples are still sore from the
nipple rings. Then they start preparing the next items and give
me a good clear view of the two suspended little lovelies.

The next part of the little girls attire is a little item
designed by our staff is to be the bane of all the students'
daily life. The little girls do not know what to make of the
strange black shinny silk thing with all the straps, both little
girls were strangely silent as they watched the Staff Nurses
approach and began by fitting it around their waists.

Still confused by the strange black silk harness but somehow
knowing that they would not like it. So far there has not been
very much happen to them that they liked since arriving at the
Academy. Both were surprised that it did not feel unlike a
regular belt as it was buckled around their waists. Although both
little girls are very young they both had seen a garter belt and
realized that this looked much like one. And it is not until the
strange belt is fitted on that they discover the purpose some of
the straps dangling from it have.

Although the young girls had seen a garter belt before this one
was somehow different, as they would soon learn. The most
striking thing was in addition to the regular straps down each
leg to hold up their nylon hose is the two larger straps down the
outside of each leg. The two straps reach down where they are
adjusted to allow the two other straps to encircle both thighs
about four inches below their little pussies. When these are
secured around their little thighs with Velcro strips a small
silver chain is attached to the two small eyelets on the inside
of each strap. This chain is adjustable to prevent the little
girls from taking anything but very limited steps. This has two
effects on the children as they struggle to walk it is a constant
reminder of their bondage but the best thing is it caused their
little short skirts to flip up in the back with each step. Thus
giving view of sheer white panties and cute little buts as they
hurry up and down the halls of the school.

This Special Garter Belt has several other uses for bondage and
punishment as the small chain also allows small rubber bands with
hooks in the ends to be attached to the thigh straps and to the
young girls clit and pussy lip rings. NOTE: That since young male
students all wear the same uniforms, as do the female students
this garter belt is also used on them. This also includes skirts,
blouses and hairstyles as all students are trained to service
both Masters and Mistresses. The primary difference when using it
with young boys is the use of the small rubber band hooks. The
rubber hooks are attached to the very small eyes made to the two
steel rings that are locked around their little balls. We use two
ball rings to separate them to allow the boys cock pulled up
between them and into their ass crack by the steel ring just
under the crown of their cock and hidden with their white silk
panties. As with the girls these rubber bands can be replaced
with assorted stronger ones to apply any amount of pain as
required by the staff.

Of course none of the rubber bands are attached today, as the two
little girls need several days to allow their recent piercing to
heal. So to day it is just fittings of non-painful items such as
the black leather collar around their necks. This collar has a
series of small steel rings sewn into it around its sides to
allow any number of punishment items to be attached.

Both young girls moan and twist as the little collar is locked
around their necks but do not struggle much as they both can
still see the horrid little whip in one of the staffs hand. Now
comes the last item of what we call the Students School Harness
and it is the one that most confusing to the two young girls. It
is another of the black leather devices with each girls name on a
small metal tag attached just as with their little collars. It
does not take long for the two little girls to find out just what
this last ugly thing is for as two staff ladies start strapping
the ugly device on their heads.

As the two girls try turning their heads trying to see what is
being put on them now they are warned to stand still and keep
quite by one of the staff and the raised whip to send the point
home. Quickly the top part of the harness which looks like a
leather belt with a series of other straps hanging from it is
locked around their foreheads. With the top belt secured the two
thin leather straps hanging down on the sides about two inches
apart are pulled down to fit over both sides of the little girls
ears. Both straps are now attached to the small metal eyes in
their neck collar; this is followed by one additional strap in
the back of each girl's head. Now each down strap is adjusted to
fit snuggly to each little girls head and all that is left is to
check and stow the two straps attached the front sides of the
head harness. These two straps are adjustable in length and have
a small spring loaded thumb lock D ring in the ends. These little
thumb lock rings allow them to not only be pulled back and hooked
on the attached rings on the side of the main headband but also
to be used for their main purpose. That purpose is to be used in
conjunction with the other part of this equipment, which is to be
worn by an instructor or guest during sex classes or recreation.
This being a set of thigh straps which are attached to the thighs
of the guest or instructor and allow the two D ring locks to clip
into the two provided small steel O rings on them. This then
completes the set of the Pussy Harness or in some cases Cock
Harness. With this harness set up any student male or female can
be locked between the legs of any male or female staff and guest.
The student face is secured in such a way as to force their mouth
in contact with a female's pussy or a hard cock and forced to
remain so for any period of time. Now with the Pussy Harness
fitted to each little girl they are removed to be stored in the
student's locker with other school equipment until needed. NOTE:
Many hours of classes are devoted to training the students the
proper use of the Pussy Harness as a special classroom is set up
for just this purpose.

A low sigh of relief can be heard from each girl as well as the
panting of excitement from Linda as the head harness is removed,
as having a students head strapped between her thighs is one of
her favorite pastimes. I know she can hardly wait until next
Monday when school starts to begin training the students in
tongue lip service so to speak.

With the two little girls still hanging gagged with their collars
and garter belts and strange bras still on them it is time to
start fitting their uniforms. First comes the white silk French
Cut panties, which requires each girl to lift her legs as they
are slipped up in place. This is important to get each little
girl exact size since they must fit tightly over the garter belts
they still wear, and will be a part of their daily life. The
panties must be snug enough to show the little girls mound and
the impression of their little slits also outlining their pussy
and clit rings. The panties must show their smooth little but
cheeks peeking from under their short school skirts. The panties
have a small slit sewn in the crutch to allow the punishment
rubbers slipped through to hook to their clit and pussy lip
rings. This allows us to use the same panties on girls and boys.
Next is a pair of sheer black tinted nylon hose, which are
attached to their black leather garter belts, as all young
children are of different sizes it is very important to get a
good fit. This is needed to allow the contrast of smooth white
skin between the tops of their dark hose and sheer white panties.
Next item is a sheer white silk blouse which although it has long
sleeves they are short enough not interfere with the little girls
black leather wrist cuffs which they wear at all times. Each
blouse has a pocket like flap over each breast held closed by a
small Velcro strip, when loosened it allows access to the
student's breasts and nipple rings. The blouse is designed to fit
very tight to show all the students curves as they develop. Now
it is time for their skirt and it is also very important to get
it fitted just right. The skirt is dark black and very short for
several reasons. The skirt is very short in order to show off
their young legs incased in the dark hose. Also the short skirt
allows glimpses of the young students panties and garter belts as
it flips up while they hurry around the school. Few things make
my cock hard quicker than all those lovely young students
scurrying down the halls with their short skirts flipping up to
revel cute little panty incased buts and pusses.

A pair black leather knee-high boots follows this. These boots
are made here in the Schools Workshop as is with all our Special
Equipment. Although the boots have Velcro straps instead of laces
they also have several other special features. Each one has a
series of small metal O Rings sewn into them. Two O-rings are
attached outside and inside the boot tops about four inches down,
each also has small steel O Ring built into the toe. These O
Rings serve a very specific purpose in the training and
punishment of the students as they allow the students to be
tethered in place and hung upside down when needed.

Now that the two little girls fittings are over and they are
ready to start classes this upcoming Monday so they are released
from the overhear bar they have been hanging from. As they are
released their last items to fill out their uniforms are put on
them. This is a set small black leather wrist cuffs also with
each little girls name on them. As two of the staff lead them out
of the fitting room and take them to the dormitory to get them
settled in I turn to Linda and ask her what do we do for fun the
rest of the evening. She smiled and replied; well we still have
several students from the last class waiting for their new owners
to pick them up.

