It Had To Be Magic
by stewartlinda

A magician bother becomes obsessed with is kinky sister.

Part 3 - Exploration

I began to realize my sister was a submissive. Reading online about the whole BDSM world, I was surprised to find out it was not what I thought. I always thought being a submissive was the same as being a sex slave. Submissives are only there for your pleasure, at your every beck and call.

But the more I read, I realized a true submissive is all about giving up control; but only when the Dom can be trusted to not allow any real harm come to them. It's a power play only when it is time to play. It is not something they do all the time. Most subs look and act just like everyone else. They have normal jobs, with families. Many of them are very strong and powerful men or women in the real world, but choose to be submissive in their sexual life.

I was now beginning to understand. I read an article from one sub that having her boundaries pushed or a good spanking was like having an out of body experience. She went on to say it was like she was not even herself, but someone entirely different. She experienced an endorphin rush she described as more addictive than any drug.

That explains how my sister can be so strong and tough at work and yet be totally submissive with sex. I was starting to understand a little more.

I stopped reading online and started looking back in her folder. I looked at the dates and saw one from when she was about 18. I opened the picture and my eyes just about popped out. I couldn't believe I was looking at my sister's best friend Amanda. I had the hot's for her since I was thirteen.

It showed Amanda lying on my sister's bed completely nude. She was laughing with her legs spread wide and her hands cupping her tits. In the photo, the flash emphasized her gaping pussy. I quickly had flashbacks, remembering hearing my sister and Amanda laughing in her room many times when I was a kid. I had actually fantasized about them having a pillow fight in the nude but nothing like this. This was better than any of my fantasies. She was even hotter than I had dreamed about. It was nice to see she was totally shaved like my sister. I guessed my sister had taken the picture, because the next picture was my sister posing the same way. They both looked so hot. The only difference was my sister had bigger nipples, but Amanda had bigger tits. In less than a second my cock was getting stiff.

I placed the cursor on the next image.

Click.

It was hotter than the last two. Barb and Amanda were in an embrace, pressing their nipples together. Nipple to nipple and cheek to cheek, I had no idea just how close the two of them really were.

Click.

Next they were kissing. It was a deep kiss with their tongues deep in each other's mouths. Each cupping the other's tits as they kissed. My cock was throbbing. I had no idea my sister and my youthful fantasy were bi. I started advancing the pictures faster, eager to see more.

Click.

The next shot had them still in a deep kiss while running a hand over each other's wet pussy. My finger was shaking as it hovered over the enter key. My other hand was taking out my throbbing member.

Click

They got into a 69 and started eating each other out. I could see Amanda's tongue as it went deep into my sisters gaping pussy. My cock almost hurt from the blood rush as I looked at how very hot the two of them looked together.

Click.

In the next picture, Amanda was grabbing my sister by the hair and grinding her pussy into her mouth. Little meek and mild Amanda the dominate one? No way, I thought to myself. I was getting closer and closer to expelling my excitement.

Click.

The next showed Amanda pulling my sister on her back by her hair. It was a blurred shot but very erotic. I looked at my sister's face and saw that combined expression of pleasure and pain.

Click.

I advanced even more quickly as I was getting close to my release. This shot was sooooo hot. Amanda was riding my sister's face. Amanda had her back arched and was grinding her pussy and ass on my sister's mouth. At the same time she was pulling my sisters nipples straight up until her breasts looked like a cone. I don't see how my sister could even breathe. It looked like Amanda's weight was only supported by my sister's face. I could see her legs squeezing my sister's face; holding her in place. I was getting closer to an explosion.

Click.

I advanced to the next picture. This one showed Amanda in the throes of orgasm riding Barb's face. It was so exciting seeing how Amanda looked as she shook in orgasm.

Click.

The next two sent me over the edge. Amanda pulled my sister up on all fours. In Amanda's hand was my first wooden magic wand and she was running it in my sister's pussy My sister's eyes were closed, her head lifted up with her mouth hung open. She looked like a dog howling at the moon.

Click.

I advanced and was rewarded with seeing my sister in what was no doubt an orgasm. Amanda was pushing my magic wand in her pussy while her other hand was pulling back hard on my sister's hair. I let loose a huge load. I was actually shaking as pulse after pulse erupted from my engorged cock.

As I finally came back to reality, I released my cock and discovered the mess I had made. I slowly caught my breath. As my mind returned, I started remembering all the times I had been looking for that wand only to have my sister find it. Yea, she knew where it was all the time, in her pussy.

I went and got a drink with the pictures racing thru my mind. That was over seven years ago. I wonder if she still gets it on with Amanda. I knew Amanda had married two years ago and I was crushed that any chance to be with my fantasy woman was gone forever.

An awful idea popped into my mind at once. Maybe I could use these pictures to blackmail Amanda into having sex with me. What would her husband think? No, I could never do it. One, my sister would know I had stolen her personal pictures and two I was not the blackmailer type. Better to just leave it in my private fantasy world. The reality was I didn't need Amanda. I had my sister and she now had me totally obsessed. I wanted to fuck her. Hard.

I know everything I said to myself about oral sex not being sex. But I wanted it worse than anything in the world. I wanted to fuck her over and over in every way that can be called sex. I wanted to try it all and I wanted to do it with my sister. I had crossed the line when I shot my cum into my sister's mouth. There was no going back now, I finally admitted it to myself. No reason to try to hide it anymore. I simply had to fuck her and I was not going to stop until I found a way to do it.

I still had some time left and sat back down at my computer. I looked in the folder again and saw she had a word document that looked like a diary. . I opened it and started reading. The date looked like the entry was a few months before the pictures I just viewed.

Tues. May 23

"Today was very close call. I was masturbating in the den when my brother came home early. I just had time to pull my skirt down when he opened the door. I know he saw my red face but I told him I had fallen asleep. I am sure he believed me. It's a good think that I stopped wearing panties a few years ago or they would have been on the floor. It's really funny remembering when me and Amanda made the dare to go one month without panties. I never dreamed how much I loved it. Two years later and I still only wear them when I have to. Amanda feels the same way, I know the only time she wears them is when she is wearing her cheerleader outfit. The freedom feels so good and it does feel just a little naughty."

I had another flashback. I remember coming home early and seeing my sister on the couch with her face all red. If only I had come home two minutes earlier. Oh what I may have seen.

I skipped over many of the entries as they were boring, stuff about her day and fights with friends. I skimmed over several weeks before I came to an entry that looked interesting.

Sat. June 17

"Last night was so wild, me and Amanda went out on a double date with her boyfriend and a friend of his. Larry was nice enough but I knew right away I would not let him fuck me. He just didn't turn me on at all. Amanda was so excited setting us up. She came over and we got all dressed up. Amanda picked out a short black skirt for me to wear with a white blouse. She wore a very low cut summer dress that showed off a lot of her cleavage. As usual neither of us wore panties but she decided to ditch her bra. The blouse I was wearing was so sheer, with my abnormally long nipples I couldn't go without one.

The date was ok and the dinner was good but Amanda almost got me into trouble. She is always the one that likes to stir up trouble. She has not changed a bit since we were kids. We went to a club after dinner and sat and talked. It was a nice club with the small tables and a long flowing tablecloth. We were sitting talking when I felt a foot start rubbing my leg. I knew it was Amanda but I pretended nothing was going on. Her foot kept inching up my leg until she had it between my legs. I should have pushed her foot down but I didn't. I actually slid to the edge of my chair and spread my legs. I almost jumped as her toe touched my pussy. She started rubbing her big toe up against my clit and back down. I almost let out a gasp as she started rubbing my pussy with her toe. People were all around us. Our dates sat right next to us. I tried to listen to the conversation, but all I was really doing was trying hard not to scream.

Amanda sat like she didn't have a care in the world as she continued rub my clit in the middle of the bar. I guess my face was getting red and I looked a little sick when my date noticed and asked me if I felt ok. I told him I need to go the powder room and pushed Amanda's foot down from between my legs. Amanda got up and went with me. I was so wet I wondered if I left a puddle on my seat. I could feel my excitement begin to drip down my leg.

When I got into the bathroom stall to clean myself up, Amanda pushed her way into my stall. She closed the door and put her hand over my mouth. She pulled up my skirt and stated finger fucking me hard.

I heard women coming in and out of the bathroom as she rubbed my clit with her fingers. She wouldn't take her hand off my mouth for fear I would moan. She started really fucking my pussy with three fingers while keeping me pinned to the bathroom wall. I was so wet her fingers slipped in me with ease. I was already close to an orgasm when she whispered in my ear, "If I get you off you have to lick me right here."

All I could do was nod my head and immediately I let loose with the strongest orgasm of my life. She pulled her fingers out of my pussy and stuck them in my mouth and had me clean her fingers with my lips and tongue. Amanda pushed me to my knees, put one foot on the toilet, lifted her sundress and spread her legs. She grabbed my head and jammed it hard into her smooth pussy. Amanda's pussy was as wet as mine and I could tell it wouldn't take much for her to orgasm as well. I sucked and licked on her clit the way I know she likes.

We could hear women talking all around us as I sucked her clit between my teeth. She grabbed my head and started grinding her pussy into my mouth. It was only a few more seconds before she exploded in orgasm. Her whole body shook and she even let out a little moan. Amanda is a squirter and when she came she absolutely gushed into my mouth. I couldn't let it get all over my white blouse so I swallowed it all as fast as possible.

I stood up as she regained her composure. I was surprised when she grabbed my head with both her hands and thrust her tongue in my mouth. I returned the favor and searched her mouth with mine. As we broke our kiss she leaned over and whispered in my ear. "I love the way I taste in your mouth." I never felt more desirable.

I was rock hard before I was half way thru the entry. I remember that black skirt. I actually saw it hanging in Barb's closet when I was snooping in her room. Amanda was really the wild one. She pushed my sister into being more and more daring. I skimmed ahead in her diary looking for more really hot entries. I found one dated about six months later.

Fri. July 3.

"Well me and Amanda took the big plunge. We have been talking about it for a long time but we decided to do it. We are both going to get our clit hood pierced tomorrow."

I jumped ahead to her Saturday entry.

Sat. July 4

"I can hardly believe we did it. We went to Wizards Tattoos and piercings. Amanda went first and I watched as she lifted up her skirt and gathered it around her waist. The guy took a little while moving her clit back and forth looking for where to insert the needle. I could see this was turning her on but true to form she didn't let it show. She did scream when he put the needle in and quickly inserted the ring. She looked over at me and told me it really hurts but only for a few seconds and then it's not so bad. He gave her the pamphlet on how to take care of her piercing and had me lie down.

I pulled my skirt up to the waist allowing him to access as well. He was talking to Amanda as he checked my clit hood for position. As his fingers pulled back on my clit hood I could feel my whole body tingle with jolts. Amanda didn't miss my reaction and asked him if he had any larger rings. He told us he had a lots to choose from and stood up to get a few for us to look at. As soon as he got up, Amanda plunged two fingers in my pussy and made me gasp. She quickly started rubbing on my clit until I was about to climb the wall. She quickly pulled her fingers out of me as he returned. Amanda picked up a ring that was almost twice the size of hers and said I think this larger ring would look better on her. I always go along with her ideas and sort of nodded my head as he prepared me for the piercing. There was no way I could hide the wetness Amanda created when he left. The cool alcohol wash just about made me orgasm but I held it back. When I felt the needle pierced me I lost it. I had an orgasm. I let out a scream at the same time. Amanda was laughing. She said, "Sorry she can't take pain very well." She was trying to make it sound like my scream was from pain but she knew it was a scream from my orgasm. I'm not sure if he believed her it but he didn't say anything. I looked in the mirror at my clit ring and have to admit I love the larger ring. The funny part was as we left he told us that it's very important that we don't wear panties for a few months. We both just giggled."

I was so hard reading about her piecing. Amanda had one just like my sister. I quickly started searching the drive for later pictures. I opened a picture date stamped two days after they had their piercings. I was rewarded with a picture of my sister and Amanda sitting on the bed with their skirt pulled up showing of their piercings. I noticed they were exactly the same with a blue bead hanging off the ring. I guess Amanda decided to get the larger ring. I stared at the picture of the twin twats for a while feeling more blood flow back into my cock.

I decided to go back to the diary. I opened an entry by about a year or so later. I started skimming thru the entry's looking for something wild. I didn't have to go too far until I saw something that looked interesting.

Fri. August 11

"Today was a really bad day. David broke up with me and Amanda and John broke up yesterday. I have been so upset all day. I don't even want to get out of my room. I can't ever remember being so depressed. Amanda called and she is as upset as me. She told me that what we needed was a little ego boost. She wants to go out Saturday night and hit the clubs. I'm not sure yet if I am really up to it.

Sun. May 13

"Wow. 2 PM and I am still so hung over. Well I went out clubbing with Amanda. What a night. I have to admit she was right, a little ego boost was just what I needed. I told Amanda I didn't want to go out but true to form at 7:00 she came over to my house and made me go with her. She actual pulled me out of my bed and started pulling my clothes off and picking out something for me to wear.

After a few minutes I stopped trying to argue with her and started getting dressed. She wanted us dressed to impress and she picked out an outfit to do it. The red dress just barely covered my ass and had a plunging neck line that went all the way to my belly button. Her dress was black and not as short as mine but had a split on both sides that went all the way to her hip, advertising to everyone she was not wearing panties. Even I was surprised she was wearing such a daring dress. We fixed our makeup and headed to the clubs. We had no problem getting in and seemed to run into plenty of guys wanting to buy us drinks. We were dancing and having a good time. We were both enjoying the attention. There was this one guy we met that was sooo sexy. He came and sat at the table with us and we started chatting. We just really hit it off. After a while he asked us both back to his apartment.

Amanda whispered in my ear. "Let's rock his world."

He sat between us in the back seat of the taxi and started taking turns kissing us. We were both so turned on. He placed a hand on each of our legs and started rubbing slowly up. Without the slightest protest I spread my legs to give him access. I looked over to see Amanda already had her dress pulled all the way to the side and he had a finger inside her. I am not sure how much the taxi drive saw but at that point I didn't care who saw what. I was getting so wet watching him finger Amanda.

We pulled our dresses down as the taxi stopped. We ran out of the taxi into his apartment elevator waiting on him. As soon as he stepped into the elevator Amanda pulled her dress completely off and let it drop on the floor. I loved the look on his face as he looked at her standing there naked. Amanda reached over and pulled open my dress letting my breasts fall out. She got behind me and started rubbing my breasts and grinding her body into mine. "Sure you can handle the two of us?" Amanda purred.

By the time he had the apartment door open we were both naked. When he opened the door we attacked him. We ripped his pants off and got on our knees and double tongued this beautiful cock that was longer than most. We took turns sucking him. We made it to the bed still holding on to each other. Amanda got on all fours and wanted him to fuck her doggy. I have watched Amanda get fucked before and I was so wet watching them. She motioned for me to get under her and lick her pussy. It was so exciting watching up close as his cock slipped in and out of her pussy as I licked her. I was dripping wet watching. As his cock would slip in, I would extend my tongue and run it over his cock.

He would pump her pussy a few strokes and then fuck my mouth. Back and forth he shared his cock. He was so excited he didn't last long before let us know he was about to cum. Amanda told him to cum in her pussy. I watched as he slammed his cock in her pussy and erupted. I could see his cock pulse as he dumped several loads inside her. Amanda told me to stay where I was and open my mouth. As soon as he pulled his cock out Amanda lifted up and squatted over my open mouth letting his cum drip into my mouth. She spread her pussy lips wide and lowered her pussy over my mouth. Watching Amanda drip his cum in my mouth had him hard again. She told me to get it all and ground her pussy in my face. It was so nasty and I was so turned on. I have no idea how many orgasms I had last night. "

I stopped reading with a hard on that would not go down. I was about take matters into hand and get some relief, when I realized I wanted to wait for the real thing tonight. I also realized at this point I was no closer to fucking my sister than I had been two hours before. If anything I was even more frustrated than before I started. I thought about all the things I had just read. I was trying to think if there was anything useful.

I know my sister loves to be tied up. She likes being blindfolded. She gets off on pain but nothing that would cause any real harm. And she loved to be forced into sexual situations. How could I spank or whip her without it being obviously sexual? I knew in a flash that was the key. If I could spank or whip her good, she would let me do anything I wanted. I was racking my brain when it suddenly came to me.

Sure it would be a little bit lame but I don't think she would care as long as it was an excuse. I called up a friend of mine that was into special effects. I explained to John that I wanted to get some of that fake skin he makes for special effects. The skin is made to look just like real skin but has fake blood between the layers. So when you struck it with a whip, it opened up and looked like a real slash on the back and leaked blood. It's a great effect.

"John, do you still make that fake skin with the fake blood between the layers?" I asked him on the phone.

"Yea I have several. The trick is matching your skin to the fake skin and working with makeup to cover up the edges of the fake skin. That's the real work." He informed me.

"Also it does sting when you get whipped with blunt whip. It will not break the skin but if you get hit hard it still hurts pretty bad." John explained.

I drove over to his shop and bought everything he said I would need. It was getting close to the time for my sister to get home. When I got to her house I was glad to see she was already home. She greeted me at the door and she was in her normal loose t-shirt and shorts. Once again I noticed she stopped wearing a bra around me. I got my normal sister hug and peck and we sat down on the couch to chat a little. I decided to tease her just a little as we chatted.

"So you and Amanda see much of each other anymore?" I asked her.

"Yea we try to get together about once a month or so and go shopping or whatever." She said with a hint of a smile.

"I was just curious. I remember she would come over to our house all the time. I could hear you two giggling all night long. A few times you two made so much noise I thought you were tearing up your room." I said casually.

I could see her really start to smile as she recalled all the things that had gone on in her bedroom.

I reached in my bag and pulled out my old magic wand and said. "Look what I found, my old magic wand."

I started running it in and out between my fingers as I showed it to her. I could see her actually squirm a little talking about Amanda and showing her my old magic wand in the same conversation.

"I remember I use to lose this thing all the time. I'm so glad you always helped me find it." I said with a smile.

I could tell she was getting both excited and nervous with the conversation and tried to change the subject.

"So what are you going to work on tonight?" She asked me.

"I have a cool idea for a new illusion. But I need to ask you a question. Do you think your friends are easy to scare or freak out?" I asked.

"No not really why?" She asked with curiosity.

"Well I have this fake skin that I can put on my back. It looks like my real skin. But it is really two layers of material with a fake blood core. I am going to be tied up to a post and have you whip me. With each whip the fake skin will tear and the fake blood will drip from the tear. I pulled the leather whip out of the bag." Her eyes almost popped out of her head.

I kept talking like I didn't notice. "It is a special whip designed not to tear the skin, but it still hurts. The effect makes it looks like my back is split open from the whip. After several long slow whips across my back I will put on my cloak and when I remove it, all the marks will be gone."

"So what do you think?" I asked.

I could see her grip the whip hard as I described the long hard whips. She was squirming in her seat and her face was getting red.

"But how will you know if the fake skin will look real" She asked.

I was enjoying watching her squirm. "Well I will just have to look in a mirror or take a picture"

"That won't work. Let me wear it and you whip me." She was so excited she couldn't hide it if she wanted to.

"No I better not. It can really sting. I don't want to hurt you." I protested

"Besides, how am I going get access to your back without you being topless?

She was squirming so much I could see tits bounce up and down inside her shirt.

"I can wear a dress that opens in the back." She said in near panic.

I was so loving seeing her squirm. I was going to draw this out as long as I could.

"I just don't know if you can handle the pain. I really don't want to hurt you. "

"I know I can handle anything you can." She was trying to make it a challenge.

She was getting so excited she was forgetting to even pretend not to care. She was even trying to challenge me trying to make me give in. I didn't have the heart to keep teasing her. I reached over and just about had to pull the leather whip from her firm grasp.

"Ok, I tell you what I will do, get three or four of the dresses you have that open in the back and I will pick one out and we could maybe try" I acted as if this was against my better judgment.

She didn't even answer me. She just rushed to her bedroom and in less than 30 seconds she was back wearing a black dress and holding several others. I had her stand up in front of me and looked to see how much the dress opened in the back.

"That one does not open enough." I told her.

The real problem with the dress was it was too long I wanted something shorter. She slipped around the corner and put on the next one. This one opened up a lot more and the front showed off a lot of cleavage. I loved the way it looked on her.

"That may work. Put it aside and try the next one" It sounded almost like an order.

She came out with the next one and I knew I stuck pay dirt. She looked so hot I felt my cock stir just from looking at her in it. The dress was short enough that it just did cover her ass. The back of the dress was open all the way down to a zipper that went from the top of her ass to the bottom. When she turned around I could see the low cut top was only held in place by a string that tied around her neck. The front was so small that the side of her tits were already hanging out. This was a club wear dress meant to impress. And my cock was certainly impressed.

"Ok, that will work." I told her.

"You sure you want to do this?" I asked one more time.

"YES. Now let's get on with it." She almost snarled.

"Give me about twenty minutes to set everything up before you come down and bring some beer when you come" I sort of snapped at her. To my surprise she lowered her head and told me ok. I didn't need twenty minutes but I wanted to make her wait as long as I could. I wanted to draw it out and make her wet thinking about what may be coming.

I had already worked out how to make a whipping post with my winch support. It had the ability to be used in different ways. On one side of post was a flat bench. It was designed to be used as a table. I could set the table at any angle from flat to completely vertical. The winch had the pulley at the top and a cable to attach to her wrists. The "Y" at the base support was perfect to her spread legs and strap them to the bottom support. I could also lower and raise the whole table. I tried it out, lowering it totally horizontal and then back vertical. I decided to start with a little incline. I added some chains to the support base so I could attach them to her leg straps.

I was done a good ten minutes before I heard the door open. I picked up the whip and started whipping the table. I was pretending that I was practicing but in reality I was just wanting her to see me whipping the post. I looked up and saw her come down the stairs as if in a dream. Her eyes were wide and she was shaking a little with excitement as she walked toward me. She had two beers for me and handed them to me and never said a word. She walked over to the inclined table and just stood there. I turned her around and placed the leather straps on her wrists. Then I pulled the winch cable down and attached them to both of her wrists. I spread her legs and attached them to the chain at the base. I had to spread her legs a little more than I expected to reach the chains, but she said nothing.

With shaking hands I pushed the button on the winch and it started lifting her hands above her head. I let it stretch her arms all the way over her head before I stopped. I noticed that as her hands went up, the back of her dress went up as well. I could not help but look how beautiful she looked with 4 rings hanging down below her dress. I picked up the whip and slowly ran the leather over her back, letting her feel the many fingers of the leather caress her back. This sent shivers down her back as a moan escaped her throat. I let the leather go back and forth making her wait for the first smack.

She was so turned on she didn't even wonder why I didn't put the fake skin on her. I drew back the whip and gave her a small smack on her back. She grunted and gasp with that first smack. I once again let the leather caress her back. Then pulling back and smacking her a little harder. This time she let out a little cry and pushed her body into the bench. I didn't even have to see her face. I could smell her excitement. I let the whip once again go back and forth across her back and down to her ass. I let the leather caress her legs and ass as I walked over to her head.

I leaned over and whispered in her ear. "If you can't handle this just say so now. But, if you do, I will never do this with you ever again. Do you understand me?"

She nodded her understanding and I let the whip come across her lower back. She once again let out a cry. I dragged the whip up and down her red back and reached back and unzipped her dress all the way down. I was engorged looking at her presentation. Her pussy was gaping and I could see plenty of moisture forming. Her labia rings were hanging down and pulling her lips open even further. I pulled the whip back and gave her a crack across her ass. She screamed from the smack and I saw her body shake. I let the whip slip between her ass cheeks and pulled it slowly up. As the leather slipped between her ass cheeks she let out a gasp of pleasure. I was so turned on now if she asked me to stop I am not sure I could have.

I reached up and untied the dress from around her neck. With the dress totally open in the back and the top undone, her dress slipped off the inclined table and fell to the ground. She was now completely naked before me. I stated giving her little nips with the whip. Never letting it hit the same place twice. She was squirming and moaning with each smack. Over and over I gave her firm pops with the whip. She was groaning and writhing with each smack. I let the leather caress her ass and back and went around to her face. She had her eyes closed and her mouth was open. It was that same desire to have something in her mouth while she was being spanked. It took all my will not to lay the table all the way down and stuff my cock in her mouth. But I was after something more than just her mouth. I wanted to fuck her.

I picked up my old magic wand and put it in her mouth.

"Suck on this." I told her.

She started sucking like crazy as I let the whip crack across her left ass cheek. Each time I let the whip come down in a different place on her body. I also changed how long I waited before each smack of the whip. I could see her whole body shake and quiver with anticipation. Never knowing where or when the next smack would come. She was moaning loudly now, not even trying to hide it. She was totally out of it at this point. I pulled the wand out of her mouth and started talking to her between the smacks.

"I have to admit I'm really enjoying this" I told her with a deep growl.

"You deserve this for all the times you teased me growing up. Did you know that I watched you masturbate on the couch one time when I came home early? You did that on purpose didn't you? You were hoping I would see you!" I said with a smack on her ass.

"Admit it!" I yelled at her as I smacked her again.

"Yes. Yes. I was excited that I might get caught." She grunted between smacks.

I took my magic wand and slipped into her dripping pussy with a quick push. She let out a gasp as I stated fucking her with my wand.

"I know what you used to do with my magic wand. I could smell you on it. Now is the time for honesty. Tell me the truth and I may not whip you as hard. Do you understand?" I snarled.

"I use to masturbate with it every time I found it." She said in gasps.

"I know that. What I want to know is how many times you and Amanda used it on each other?" I asked as I gave her a hard smack.

"I'm not sure, many times over the years." She was gasping out the words one word at a time.

She had her eyes closed was trying to anticipate each smack. I wanted her to think I knew more than I really did.

"I use to peek in and watch you and Amanda. I saw Amanda riding your face while fucking you with my magic wand." I was yelling at her.

I could hear her moan even without the smack. She could not believe how much I knew about her.

"You know you deserve this for teasing me." I said with another smack.

"I want to hear it. Tell me you deserve this for teasing me."

"I deserve everything you do to me. I deserve an even more severe punishment for teasing you." She managed to get out after several tries. Now was the right time to expose my dick.

"Do you still munch on Amanda's pussy?" I asked with a quick smack to get her answer.

"Yes every time she comes over." She managed to finally get out.

I moved between her legs letting my cock bounce up and down on top of her wet clit. I pulled down and placed the tip of my cock in her dripping pussy and smacked her back with the whip at the same time. She let out a shudder and a moan as my cock head slipped into her pussy.

"Does Amanda's husband know you eat his wife's pussy all the time?" I asked as I let a little more cock slip in her.

"No, we have shared men before she was married, but she didn't want her husband to know." She was grunting out each word between gasps and screams.

I pushed my cock deeper into her pussy as she answered my questions. I was almost all the way in. I was trying to keep talking so I wouldn't cum to quick.

"I bet you miss sucking a guy's cum out of her wet pussy. Don't you? You love the taste of cum and pussy don't you?" I said as I pushed my cock all the way into her pussy.

"Yes. Yes. I miss it so bad." She screamed.

I started pumping my throbbing cock in and out of her pussy. This was better than any fantasy. This was real and I could feel her tighten her pussy each time I smacked her with the whip. Her labia rings caressed my cock as I slipped in and out. I was doing it. I was fucking my sister. The object of my desire was finally wrapped around my cock. I totally lost control. I started fucking her so hard and fast I was neglecting my whipping.

She let out a gasp and reminded me. "I have been so bad to you. I deserve to be severely punished"

I was so into fucking her I had neglected my duty to her. I managed to keep pumping her and started whipping her again at the same time. I wanted make it last.

I managed to say. "If you orgasm before I allow you to then I will whip you twice as hard and twice as long. Do you understand?"

She let out a grunt and shook her head as I continued to fuck her. I could feel my orgasm build. I was so excited I knew there was no way I could last much longer.

"You deserve this. I'm going to fill your pussy with my cum." I screamed as I came.

My body shook and I could feel my cock pulse jets of cum into her wet pussy. I could tell she was trying to hold back her orgasm. I managed to give her a halfhearted smack with the whip to remind her.

I was still so turned on I didn't go totally soft. The blood flowed back in my cock in record time. I had a wicked idea. I pulled my cock out of her pussy and grabbed an empty glass that was next to me. I pulled my cock out and put the glass under her pussy. I watched as my cum started dripping from her pussy. I had to remember to whip her as I watched the glass fill. It looked like I got most of it and placed the glass on the ground to let the last of it drip out of her pussy and into the glass. Her back and ass were now covered in red marks. I have never seen anything that looked so hot. As I looked at her body writhing on the table I knew I wanted to fuck her ass. I reached down and slipped a finger in her ass and let the whip crack on her back at the same time. She let out a scream and shudder at the same time. I pulled out my finger to make her wait.

I picked up the glass and walked over to her head.

"Open your mouth." I commanded

"I am going to pour this glass with my cum and your pussy juice in your mouth. You are to keep it in your mouth and not swallow until I tell you. If you let one drop leave your mouth or if you swallow before I tell you, then I will whip more than just your back and ass." I said as lifted the glass to her open mouth.

She tilted her head back as I drained the glass in her open mouth. As the last of the glass dripped in her mouth, she closed her mouth so it couldn't escape.

I wanted to play with her tits all my life. I reached under her and placed my hand around her firm tits. I placed her nipple between my fingers and gave it a squeeze. She let out a deep throated moan while still keeping her lips closed. Her moan excited me and I started pulling her nipple hard. I pulled her body to the side so her left tit was also at my disposal. I bent over and sucked her nipple in my mouth. Her nipple was hard as a stone as I sucked her nipple like a hungry infant.

I reluctantly pulled myself away from her beautiful tits. I let the whip caress her breasts and nipples. She grunted and groaned just thinking what may be coming. I walked back behind her as I let the whip caress her. I pulled her ass cheeks apart and placed the head of my cock against her asshole. Without any warning I pushed my hard cock all the way in her ass. I could feel her ass tighten up but it was too late. I sunk my cock to the balls in her ass.

I was watching her face as she swallowed and let out a scream. She totally lost it as her whole body exploded in orgasm. Her ass clenched my cock as her body shook. I waited till her orgasm was slowing and let the whip crack across her breasts and nipples. At the same time I stated fucking her ass like a wild man.

"You can orgasm, but your punishment is not over. You swallowed." I told her as I pumped my cock in and out of her ass.

As soon as I said that she stated her second orgasm. Each time she had an orgasm I would crack the whip across her breasts and nipples again. Her orgasms were getting stronger. She was screaming and bucking like a trapped animal. I could not hold back much longer but I wanted to see how long I could make her orgasm last. I stated talking to her, trying to get my mind off my building release.

"I use to jerk off watching Amanda grind her pussy in your face. I would dream about being in there fucking you as you sucked her pussy." I gasped out between thrust.

I could see her face start to tighten into another orgasm as I talked to her.

"I wanted Amanda to watch me fill your pussy with my cock. I wanted her to hear me say I love fucking my older sister." I grunted out.

Barb started shaking and shuddering as another orgasm ripped thru her body. I was not even whipping her anymore. I was so into fucking her ass I couldn't focus on whipping her. I could tell that my nasty story was getting her off. I tried to keep it going and keep my mind off my pending explosion.

"I would fuck you until I shot my load in your pussy. The whole time Amanda would be telling you how nasty you are for fucking your younger brother. Then I would pull my cock out and let you lick me clean." I managed to tell her in short gasps.

This had the effect that I wanted as she screamed thru another orgasm that was so strong she almost pushed me out of her ass. Her orgasm was so violent that the entire bench shook. The scream and pressure was finally too much and I let go of my built up pressure. I exploded in her ass.

As our orgasm's left, we were both totally spent. Barb collapsed. The only thing keeping her from falling to the floor were the wrist straps. I bent down and unfastened her ankle straps. I stood and lifted her naked body up with one arm and unhooked her wrist straps. As soon as the last strap was unhooked she collapsed in my arms. I lifted her limp body and carried her upstairs to her bedroom.

I placed her naked into the bed. Before I collapsed I went to the bathroom found some cream to rub on her red back, ass and tits. I rubbed the cream into her hot red skin. She let out a faint sigh as I very slowly and tenderly rubbed it all over her. After I was done, I lay down beside her and fell into a deep sleep.

When I awoke it was already daylight outside. I was still exhausted but so happy. My sister had rolled over in the night and her arm laid across my chest. Her tits were pressed into my chest and I was in heaven. I didn't want this moment to ever end. I could tell she was starting to wake up. I was so glad she didn't move her arm or tits. Neither of us wanted to break the magic moment.

In a whisper I heard her say "I love you baby brother. I am sorry I teased you so much. To be honest, it excited me to think you might catch me being nasty. I never knew you really did."

She lifted her head and gave me a soft and tender kiss on the lips that seemed to make my head explode. The kiss was so tender but with such passion it caused my cock to stir. She noticed my cock getting hard and reached down with her hand to grasp it. She broke our kiss and placed her mouth over my cock.

"I'm sore all over except my mouth." She said as she lowered her head on my cock.

I felt her mouth slip over the head of my cock and she slowly took me down her throat. She took her time licking and sucking my cock. It was so beautiful, so loving. I could feel my cock respond to her touch. On her way back up from deep throating me, she pulled off my cock and said. "I promise not to tease you anymore."

After a pause she grinned and continued. "But if I do, you can always punish me."

As soon as the words were out of her mouth she sucked my cock all the way down her throat and I exploded.

