Stephanie Earns a Little Beer Money
by Stanley Shore
Copyright© 2022 by Stanley Shore


Stephanie was a first year Psychology student at UWE, The University of the West of England.

She was walking through the centre of Bristol one afternoon, at the end of the days classes, when she was approached by a young woman with a clipboard.

Wary of getting the hard sell on something she almost certainly didn’t want, Stephanie tried to give her a wide berth but was still close enough to hear her.

“Excuse me, would you like to take part in a survey?” the woman asked her.

Stephanie was is no rush and decided to find out a bit more.

“What would it involve?” she replied, moving a bit closer.

“The questions are of a sexual nature. There is a small payment involved. Would you be interested at all?”

“How small?”

“Five pounds.” the woman replied. That would buy Stephanie a couple of pints just for answering a few questions.

“I’m in.”

The woman led her to a door between two shops which led up a flight of stairs. They went through the first door on the right into a small office containing two chairs either side of a desk. They both sat down.

“I’m Sara by the way, and you are...?”

“Stephanie.”

“Right, let’s get started.” the woman said turning over a sheet of paper on her clipboard.

“Which of these terms best describes your sexual orientation? A Heterosexual, B Lesbian, C Bisexual, D Transgender, E Other?”

“C” replied Stephanie, without having to think.

“Which of these best describes your level of sexual activity in the past year. A None, B A little, C Average, D Frequent, E Promiscuous?”

“C” Stephanie replied, but thought that D might be more accurate; it was all a bit woolly.

“When was your last sexual encounter?” A Months ago, B Weeks ago, C Days ago, D Earlier today?”

“C” Stephanie answered, fondly remembering the previous night with Pam and her delicious arse. All this talk about sex was starting to get her a bit worked up.

“Did you reach sexual climax on that occasion?”

“Yes.” Stephanie said. “Twice actually.” And she couldn’t help smiling. Sara smiled back with a wicked little twinkle in her eyes.

“When you have sex how often do you reach climax? A Never, B Rarely, C Often, D Always, E Always multiple times?” Stephanie wondered how many E’s they got.

“C” she replied, kind of wishing it were D. There were a few E’s and recalling them made her a little more moist.

“How frequently do you masturbate? A Never, B Monthly, C Weekly, D Daily, E Multiple times daily.” Hmm, thought Stephanie, it’s not every day but sometimes it’s more than once a day, but it’s definitely not weekly.

“D” she replied eventually.

“When you masturbate do you use? A Your fingers, B A sexual aid, C Both, D Other?” Fucking hell, thought Stephanie, this is getting a bit detailed.

“C” She answered truthfully.

“When you masturbate how often do you reach climax? A Never, B Rarely, C Often, D Always, E Always multiple times?” Stephanie wondered again how many E’s they got.

“C, no D ... no C, well it’s almost always.”

“We’ll call it a D then shall we?”

“OK yes.”

“Which of the following activities is most likely to result in you achieving climax? A Clitoral stimulation, B Vaginal penetration, C Anal Penetration, D Vaginal and anal penetration, E All of the above.” Stephanie pondered hard about that. She’d never tried DP but, now she thought about it, it seemed like a good idea. Fuck, she thought, E sounded awesome. Dragging her mind back to the question she answered honestly.

“A”

“Last question. Which of these terms best describes your level of sexual arousal right now? A Not aroused, B Mildly aroused, C Aroused, D Very aroused, E Reached climax earlier on?” Sara asked her, then laughed. “I was joking about E.” Then she looked a little worried. “You didn’t did you?”

“D, no C.” Stephanie answered, there was no denying that her pussy was throbbing and decidedly wet.

“Final answer?” The woman asked giving her a look that was half way between curious and lecherous.

“Yes, C, final answer.”

“OK, that’s all the questions. There is a second optional physical part of the survey. Would you be interested in taking part in that?”

In Stephanie’s now decidedly horny state she wondered if Sara going down on her might be part of it, if it was then she would definitely be up for it.

“I don’t know, what does it involve?”

“You would be required to touch another individual and describe both your own and their responses.”

Stephanie thought about that. It clearly would involve touching of a sexual nature.

“There would be an additional payment of ten pounds.”

Four pints for feeling someone up!

“OK.” Stephanie said with a big smile.

Sara picked up the phone on the desk and pushed a button. “Ready?” she asked into it. There was a short pause before she said “OK good.” and she hung up the phone.

“If you could come with me please Stephanie.” she said standing up. Stephanie also stood and followed her.

“Please bear in mind that this girl is a volunteer off the street, much like yourself.”

They went along the corridor to to another room where there was a girl standing in a perspex box not much bigger than she was. Stephanie could see her head and bare shoulders and she was very pretty. She really, really hoped that this was the girl she was going to touch.

Below the girls shoulders the perpex seemed to be lined on the inside with black cloth. There were small labelled doors at what appeared to be significant locations: A around the breast, B stomach, C thigh and, most excitingly, D the pussy region!

The girl in box looked very nervous but managed a thin smile at Stephanie, which she returned, hoping her own wasn’t too lustful.

“I have a timer here. I will tell you the letter of a door and you may touch what you find behind it as you see fit. You have thirty seconds for each door. Do you understand?”

Stephanie was amazed and if anything even more excited. She was being given carte blanche to grope this complete stranger in any way she liked. The girl was looking even more nervous now.

“OK.” Stephanie tried to reply, but her voice cracked. She cleared her throat. “OK.”

“Right let’s start. C.” She said, and she clicked on a stopwatch attached to the clipboard

Stephanie hurried over to the box and opened door C. The black fabric covering the hole had cuts in it which Stephanie pushed her hand through and she felt the girl’s bare thigh. Her skin was incredibly soft and smooth and Stephanie’s pussy was tingling like mad as her fingertips grazed over it.

Stephanie looked at the girl’s face and saw a pleading look there. Stephanie reached in and stroked the inside of the thigh while still looking at the girl’s face. As Stephanie stroked her gently she saw her relax and smile faintly.

“Time.” Said Sara. “On a scale of 1 to 10 how aroused are you feeling right now?” “6” replied Stephanie.

“On the same scale how aroused do you think the subject is now?”

“I don’t know,” replied Stephanie, looking at the girl’s face again. “Maybe a 4?”

It was B next and the girl had a beautiful stomach and Stephanie thought she probably worked out quite a lot. As her fingertips caressed her she could now see that she was breathing hard. Thirty lovely seconds later...

“I’m a 7 and she’s a 5 I reckon.” she volunteered.

“OK, door A.” Stephanie hadn’t been absolutely sure that the girl was completely naked until she put her hand through the cloth surrounding that door. She felt a perfect little pert breast and a very erect nipple.

Stephanie licked her lips as she caressed it and rubbed the nipple between her fingertips.

When she looked at the girl’s face it was smiling at her and her eyes were almost closed in ecstasy.

Thirty seconds came up in no time and Stephanie reluctantly took her hand out after one last little stroke.

“8 and... 7.”

“Last, but not least, door D.” Stephanie’s hand cupped a gorgeous feeling, bald pussy. As her fingers traced the girl’s lips Stephanie could feel how wet they were. She looked at the girl and saw her mouth the word ‘Please’.

Stephanie wetted her thumb in the girl’s copious juices and then slipped two fingers into her vagina. She sought out her little clit with her thumb and rubbed it gently in little circles, while frigging her with her fingers.

The girl’s face was a picture of wanton desire and Stephanie was sure that, with a little more time, she would have cum, but then there was no more time.

Stephanie realised that she wouldn’t have needed long to bring herself off either, she was that excited.

“A pair of nines, I’d say.” Stephanie said breathlessly. “I don’t suppose...?”

“I’m afraid not.” replied Sara. Stephanie cast one last longing look at the girl who now mouthed the words ‘Thank you’ to her. Stephanie grinned at her and followed the woman back to her office.

“I’d like to thank you for all your help today.” Sara said. “Here’s your money.” And she handed over a ten and a five pound note.

“We do have some openings for subjects in the box.” she said, looking at Stephanie intensely. “That pays fifty pounds for a day. It that something that would interest you?”

It possibly wasn’t an ideal time for Stephanie to be making decisions. A large amount of the blood that would normally be flowing through her brain was currently engorging her pussy and especially her clit. It sounded like a very good idea, certainly the girl in the box had obviously enjoyed the experience.

A tiny, rational, part of her mind was still functioning however.

“What happens if people get rough?” she asked.

“I’ll always be there and we have a security man thirty seconds away if anyone should turn nasty. We haven’t had to call him in yet by the way, if that helps at all.”

“OK,” Stephanie said, “Count me in. When’s my first gig?” Sara looked through the paperwork on her board.

“Next Tuesday afternoon, at 2 o’clock?” Stephanie thought she had that afternoon clear and, if she didn’t, it soon would be.

“Excellent, see you then.”

When Stephanie got back to her digs she scored a solid E using just her A’s.

When Tuesday afternoon came around the entrance to the offices was closed. Stephanie rang the bell and Sara opened the door a short while later.

Now she was thinking clearer Stephanie was very nervous. The idea that absolutely anyone would be able to finger her was terrifying ... but also strangely thrilling. Fifty pounds, she thought, think about the money!

As she entered the room the setup was the same as when Stephanie had done the test. There was a screen at the rear of the box, behind which was a chair with a thin robe over the back, and a small table with a phone on it.

“The box is largely sound proofed. But there is a microphone and speakers in there,” Sara pointed to a box in the bottom corner, and I’ll be able to hear you through this.” And she pointed to an earpiece in her right ear.

“If you could take off all of your clothes and put the robe on please Stephanie.” she said, and then she left her to it.

Stephanie got undressed and, as she did, she noticed a small door in the centre of the rear of the box marked E. God, she thought, I didn’t know they’d be able to grope my ass as well!

She sat on the chair wearing the robe and shortly afterwards Sara came back.

“I didn’t know there was another door there.”

“We don’t always use that one.” Sara explained. “If there’s nobody waiting to take the test you can just wait here behind the screen. When I call remove the robe and get into the box. Is that OK?”

Stephanie nodded and settled in to wait. After about ten minutes the phone rang. She picked it up.

“Are you ready?” she heard Sara say.

“Give me a few seconds.” Stephanie replied. She put down the phone, took off the robe and stepped into the box. She noticed as she did that her hand was shaking and she wasn’t entirely sure if it was from fear or excitement; she was feeling a bit of both.

She watched nervously as Sara led the first person in. It was a man, about forty years old, and he seemed eager as he looked lustfully at her.

The process was the same as before and Stephanie was surprised at how little she felt as the man stroked first her stomach and then her inner thigh. As he fondled her breast, rubbing her nipples between his fingertips, she began to feel a hungry throbbing in her pussy and she started to get wet.

When he touched her pussy he wasted no time in pushing two fingers up inside her and rubbing her now swollen clit with his thumb. He was gentle and proficient and thirty second passed in a delightful flash.

His final estimation of her state was a 5 which Stephanie thought was a bit low, she would have given herself a 7.

As Stephanie sat on the chair waiting for her next subject she was sorely tempted to touch her pussy, which was calling out for some love, but she resisted thinking it could skew the results of whatever is was they were trying to study.

She didn’t have to wait long before Sara brought in a little old lady. She looked to be about sixty and was immaculately dressed, the last person Stephanie thought would take part in something like this.

It turned out that she had the most incredibly soft hands and her touch was feather-light and gorgeous. By the time she reached Stephanie’s pussy it was already awash and the lady smiled wickedly as she felt the wetness on her fingers. For thirty lovely seconds she frigged Stephanie expertly and by the end of it she was close to cumming.

When Stephanie saw Sara ask her for the score she mouthed ‘Nine’ and ‘Thank you’ to the woman, who smiled at her and blew her a kiss.

Sara came back alone and indicated for Stephanie to come out of the box.

“Is everything OK so far?” Sara asked her.

“Well yes, it’s weird and kind of fascinating...” Madly Stephanie found herself blushing. “ ... and exciting.” she added in a whisper. Sara smiled knowingly.

“We’re going to take a lunch break now, there’s a toilet opposite if you need to ... tidy up. If you could be ready to go at say two o’clock?”

“Yes, that’s fine.”

Stephanie got herself cleaned up and bought a sandwich from a nearby supermarket. When she got back the box now had no cloth covering on the inside.

Stephanie got undressed and into the robe and waited five minutes until Sara returned.

“The box,” she said, pointing at it. “They’ll be able to see me.”

“Does that make a difference?” Sara asked. “They’ll be touching you anyway?” Stephanie thought about it for a few seconds and decided she was being silly.

“No, I suppose not.”

The first person of the afternoon was a middle aged lady. This time Stephanie coud hear the instructions through the speaker in the box.

“You have three minutes to use whichever door A through E that you wish. E is at the rear of the box.”

The woman spent maybe thirty second pulling harshly on her nipple and squeezing her breast roughly, which was not very nice at all. Stephanie’s clit was still engorged from the morning session. and so she was mercifully wet when the woman jammed two fingers up her vagina and brutally fingered her.

Stephanie was trying to ignore the strange look of triumph on the woman’s face when a young boy came into the room. He didn’t look more than about fourteen and she was horrified to see him come up and stand next to Sara.

“What’s going on Sara? What’s the boy doing?”

“He’s waiting for his turn Stephanie. We’ve got a bit of a rush on.”

If Stephanie hadn’t been wet it would have been awful, as it was it was only a bit unpleasant. All the while the woman was glaring at Stephanie as if she hated her. It was all quite nasty.

Stephanie was only grateful that she seemed to have forgotten about door E.

The young boy had a look of wonder on his face as he watched the woman finger Stephanies’s pussy and, even at some distance away, she could see the bulge in his jeans.

Then an equally young girl came and stood behind the boy and watched, wide-eyed as the woman continued to frig Stephanie mercilessly.

When time was called, which seemed to be an hour to poor Stephanie, Sara asked the standard question.

The old lady looked at her wet fingers and said “Zero and six.”

When she left the little girl stepped forward.

“You can’t let her do this, she’s too young.” she said to Sara, through the microphone, but she showed no sign of hearing her.

She went straight for the pussy but Stephanie tried to avoid her prying little fingers. Then Stephanie saw Sara whisper to the boy and he went around the back of the box.

Now Sara had fingers trying to probe her pussy and ass at the same time and it wasn’t long before she was enjoying it immensely. Their little fingers felt incredible as they explored every nook and cranny.

Initially they were both very gentle but soon they got excited themselves and the girl was trying to get all four finger into Stephanie’s pussy which caused her knuckles to rub against her clit. That, combined with the two fingers the boy now had in her anus, brought her to her first orgasm, and then the second not long after.

Sara seemed to have given up even the pretence of timing the proceedings and just watched happily as the children ravished her.

The girl then had the bright idea of opening door A and Stephanie pushed her chest against it and the girl started sucking on her nipple. Number three came up soon after.

Stephanie would probably have fallen over if there had been room in the little box, as it was she was only dimly aware that a young man had arrived and was waiting patiently.

“Time’s up.” Sara called, and the two children moved away looking back hungrily at their handiwork.

The young man was very tender and took over where the girl had left off licking and sucking at her breast.

Only three of his fingers fitted up her vagina but the was much more expert with his thumb on her clit and even managed to get a spare finger to tickle her ass. Number four.

“Time.” Stephanie heard Sara call, and saw a middle aged couple waiting and whispering. It looked to her like they were probably married.

Sara said something to them and they both walked over to the box. They had obviously been watching and had formed a plan of action.

The woman stuck her hand through door D and stroked her pussy while the man went round the back.

The next thing Stephanie felt was a hard cock bumping against the gap at the top of her legs.

“Sara, he’s going to fuck me. Is he allow... “ Her voice faded out as his cock found the right spot and the woman pushed her back and impaled her on it.

With the woman working on her clit and the man fucking her pussy numbers five and six came up in no time.

Stephanie’s legs finally gave out and she slumped down as much as the tight confines of the box would allow.

“Time.” Sara said cheerfully, and the woman licked he juices from her husbands cock before they left.

Sara helped Stephanie from the box and let her slip gently to the floor.

“I think we can call that a 10, yes?” Sara said, making a mark on the clipboard before pulling her skirt up to her waist, dragging her panites to the side and planting her pussy right on Stephanie’s face.

“I know I was a 9, but I’m sure we can do better than that.” she said as she wriggled her hips and Stephanie’s tongue, possibly the only part of her still capable of movement, licked her out.

Sara, meanwhile, leaned forward and returned the compliment, leading to numbers seven and eight for Stephanie and one and two for Sara.

Sara was very sweet afterwards, and hugged her and kissed her until Stephanie fell into an exhausted sleep; literally completely fucked.

When she woke up she was covered with a blanket and there was no sign of Sara. There was however a crisp new fifty pound note on the table and a handwritten note.

‘Many thanks. If you would like another session please come and see me. XXX Sara.’

Stephanie went back two days later, but the door was locked. She tried again on the following two days and still no joy.

She looked on the internet, searching variants along the lines of ‘Girl naked in box’. She found lot’s of links to ‘Milo Moire’ and her mirror box, but then found a link to a Kink.com. There was a pay per view video on there entitled ‘Fresh 18 y/o student fingered and fucked by strangers’ with a picture of herself with a man’s hand fingering her pussy.

The description read:

Stephanie is a Psychology student and was more than eager to help us with our sex survey. So eager that she did it for just 65 GBP. That was even though we charged the members of the public 30 GBP each for the privilege of fingering her little tight pussy and asshole.

Before you get all litigious on us the boy and girl are actors and they were both eighteen at the time of filming.
