Entry tags: 

bdsm, my fic, rps, sex corps, slash, supernatural

Fic: Seven Days to the Wolves (JA/JDM) Sex Corps (2/4) 

Part 1 - Part 2 - Part 3 - Part 4

Jeff looked up from his personal terminal at the door chime. He clicked off the screen so Jensen wouldn't see that Jeff was still reviewing his documents. "Enter!" he called and the door slid open revealing Jensen and two standard issue duffel bags.

"Planning on moving in?" Jeff asked as Jensen set one bag down on the bed – sheets freshly changed, Jeff made sure of that before he started reviewing his notes – and the other on the floor next to it.

"Well, that is what I'm doing, for the next 24 hours at least." Jensen kicked the bag on the floor. "Spare clothing. This one," he laid a hand on the bag on the bed, "is my toybag. You've seen most of the stuff in here."

"But not all," Jeff sat on the bed next to him, eager to explore.

Jensen rolled his eyes, but smiled. "You're like a kid during the holidays." He unzipped the bag. "We should talk about a few things first, before we start the scene."

"That's probably a good idea," Jeff agreed. They wouldn't be able to stop at all, and Jeff would have to act as if he knew what he was doing. Any hesitation on his part could ruin the entire mission. Their practice run had to go as smoothly as possible. "Is there anything I should avoid, for starters?"

Jensen's hand stilled on the zipper, stalled in the motion of reaching inside. "Blood," he said frankly, not looking at Jeff. "I don't keep any knives or scalpels, and I don't even have a single-tailed whip."

"That's…" Jeff began.

"I know it's strange."

"I wasn't going to say that at all," Jeff said. "I was going to say that's good to know."

Jensen nodded. He pulled open the bag as if Jeff hadn't spoken.

"It's not that I have an aversion to being hurt. I've been hurt. I just don't like bleeding as part of a scene. If we're forced into it, somehow, and you can't talk us out of it, you have to know I'll probably pass out. A good Dom wouldn't do something like that. He'd know how far he could take his Sub and be sure to care for any of the fallout afterwards."

"But I don't know how far you can go," Jeff pointed out. He watched as Jensen started to spread out his equipment on the bed -- a startling assortment of dildos, paddles, collars, harnesses and items Jeff had no words for.

"I realize that," Jensen said, gesturing with an incredibly long phallic-shaped object. Jeff bit his lip to keep from laughing, they were actually attempting to be serious here. Jensen caught his grin and set the thing down with a chuckle. "Where we're going, there will be no safewords, no way for me to call a stop to a scene. But you can always end it, or scale things back. A good Dom knows how to read his Sub, can tell when it's too much."

Sometimes Jeff wondered if Jensen was quoting from a textbook. "And…"

Jensen held out his hands. "I can't safeword, but I can signal you in a way they won't know." He crossed two of his fingers on his right hand. "We can agree on codes for everything from 'slow down' to 'stop the scene now.'"

"Or you can let me know when I'm not being hard enough," Jeff pointed out, impressed with the idea. At Jensen's nod, they worked out a few different messages, and Jeff told him to make sure to use them over the next twenty-four hours. "To practice my response." Jeff had used hand signals before, but never quite in this context, so he wanted to be sure he'd notice, no matter how deep he had gotten into the scene – now there he went, using Jensen's term for it.

He was aware of how much power he would hold over Jensen, in the next day and during the actual mission. Unlike commanding a mission, where, yes, his soldiers' lives and obedience were his responsibility, this seemed too intimate. He might have lectured his men a time or two about watching where they planted their dicks, but otherwise, he never thought of his control extending to the bedroom. Jensen's body should be his own, and not given over like a tool.

Or a weapon.

"What's this?" Jeff asked, hand closing over a velvet covered box. He opened it despite Jensen's sharp intake of breath. Inside, nestled carefully in a soft divot created especially for the object, sat a long glass cylinder. Jeff pulled it out, holding onto the flared base and marveling at the whirls of color inside the glass – a forest green and a vivid blue – and how the tip curved into spirals. "It's beautiful," clearly a work of art.

When he finally looked up, he saw Jensen's face had turned scarlet. "It was a gift," Jensen said, reaching out to pluck the object from his hand. Only then did Jeff realize he held a sex toy. "I forgot I had it in there. It shouldn't, I don't, I mean, just don't use it."

"I'm sorry," Jeff said. He surreptitiously wiped his hand on his pants.

Jensen laughed. He put the toy away and tucked it into a zippered pocket of the duffel. "We'll just forget it's there."

Jeff didn't ask if Jensen had ever actually used it. It was glass after all. He really didn't want to know. He picked through the selection of collars – Jensen really did have a lot. They were all different too – solid leather, metal, chain, cloth, braided leather, one of fine silver more like a necklace than a collar. "Do you have a preference for one of these?" he asked.

Jensen looked over. "I've used them all for different situations. Why do you ask?"

"I just figured, we could use one to tell when we've started. As long as you're wearing one, we're in scene."

"You have done your reading," Jensen murmured. He pointed to a black leather collar with a metal clasp at the ends and an o-ring connected to the very front. "I think that one is our best bet."

"Is it comfortable?" Jeff took it in his hands doubtfully.

"It'll be fine," Jensen assured him. "There's something else we have to cover."

Jeff put the collar on his lap. "All right?"

"Do you remember what I said last night – the whole dog analogy?"

"Hard to forget, actually." Katie had had a dog, to keep her warm when Jeff was on duty, she had said. So much of their marriage had been spent apart, so much time wasted.

"It goes a little further. Look, this mission, the next twenty-four hours, this is more than just some kinky sex. This is a total power exchange. You are responsible for me. Making sure I have food, that I have time to groom," Jensen tilted his head in the direction of the head and Jeff got his meaning. "You decide if I wear clothes or not, when I sleep, if I sleep. I won't be able to remind you. You have to remember that I can't speak up. If I do…"

"Mission failed," Jeff frowned. Talk about responsibility indeed. He had to change his way of thinking, especially of how he thought about Ackles. Oddly, it felt more like caring for a child than being responsible for a member of his team. Oh, now that made his head hurt, he didn't want to put the idea of babysitting in with sex.

"Look," Jensen said. "From what I got from the mission reports, 328 doesn't think of what they do as slavery."

Clearly, since bringing that up had been part of why they had seized Jeff's men. And Jeff hadn't even been the one to say it, Johnson had been angry enough to compare the society to the Confederation and then, that's when all hell had broken loose. "No," Jeff agreed. "But isn't that what this is?"

"I've been a slave," Jensen said, and that had Jeff's head snapping up. "And it bears similarities, yes, but unlike a slave, I'll still have some rights as a person. I read the mission report. None of the subs you saw were abused."

Jeff nodded. "Although it sure looked like abuse from where I stood."

Jensen blew out a frustrated breath. "You saw for yourself how much I got off on the flogger. Some Scuts like it even more than I do. Friend of mine loves bloodplay. Sometimes pain can bring pleasure. For me it's more…" He clenched his fists as he paused. "I don't have to think. I can just be. Someone else holds the reins. Do you understand?"

"I think so. But do you think it's like that for everyone on 328?"

"I don't know. I've been places where it's claimed to be fair to the slaves, that they're doing something noble and good by enslaving them, taking care of the poor for example. And no, that hasn't been the case at all.However, I won't know for sure till I get down there."

"And before that happens, we have to do this." Jeff picked up the collar.

Jensen nodded. He flicked his eyes over to the comm. "It's 1330. Till this time tomorrow." He slid off of the bed and knelt between Jeff's legs, head tilted up, baring his throat. Jensen took a hold of Jeff's wrist, the hand holding the collar, brought it forward and lifted the hanging end of the collar to place a kiss on the soft leather. "Put it on me. I'm yours till it comes off."

Jeff swallowed thickly. Something stirred inside him, dark and dangerous, at the thought of being able to do anything to this man. He couldn't help the flare of arousal, the lust that rose at the sight of Jensen on his knees for him, baring the smooth pale skin of his throat. Jeff lifted the collar and fit it around Jensen's neck, leaning forward so he could hook the clasp. It fit perfectly; the o-ring lay entirely against Jensen's Adam's apple. The leather moved as Jensen's swallowed.

Jeff had to touch it, so he gave into the impulse to run his fingers along the smooth leather where it kissed Jensen's skin. Jensen's eyes fluttered closed. "I'm yours," Jensen had said, as long as the collar touched his skin. If only that were really true, and how odd, Jeff thought, to suddenly want to own another human being. Jensen made it easy though, easy to want, to lust, to need.

He slid his fingers up Jensen's throat, stilling on his chin. "Kiss me," he said, moving in to take those plump lips. Jensen opened in response, tilting his head to meet Jeff. Finally. He took his time, tasting those sweet lips, pushing his tongue past them and taking control. Jensen didn't move, just opened, just gave whatever Jeff demanded.

It made him harder than diamonds.

***

Of course Jeff would start with kissing, Jensen thought. Most of the people he'd bedded had some sort of fascination with his lips, but he found men more likely to want these lips wrapped around their cocks. He supposed they would get to that eventually; Jeff simply didn't have the experience for anything more creative, not unless he started imitating what he had seen on 328.

Jeff continued to devour his mouth, towering over him, his presence huge. He made Jensen feel small, and yes, Morgan was taller and broader, but Jensen wasn't tiny by any means. He'd learned how to tuck himself in, look smaller if that was what the mission required. Right now he could only guess and trust Jeff to lead, to let the man guide Jensen like a true Dom would.

Jensen wished, sometimes, that he could just kneel back and enjoy this, that he could let himself relax in the middle of a scene, slip into that coveted headspace where nothing mattered but serving his master. He couldn't remember the last time he'd played a scene for pleasure, among friends and people he trusted. The halcyon days at the Academy were long behind him and Jensen yearned for that, to be able to just let go and let himself be led. But this was his job, damn it. He had to fake it as best as he could, remember how it felt when it was so perfect and make sure he looked the proper Sub. Their very lives could depend on it.

This shouldn't be so difficult. He'd been in worse situations, with much less reason to trust the people he had been forced to work with. Jensen could feel the attraction leeching off of Morgan, the man wanted Jensen. And Jensen wanted him, he couldn't deny his own desire, he was too well trained for that. But it didn't matter what either of them wanted or how good the sex was, this was simply for the sake of the mission.

Jeff pulled away with one last caress of Jensen's throat. He liked the collar far too much for someone who was formerly so vanilla. Jensen licked his lips, savoring the taste of Jeff's mouth; who knew when he would get it again. He watched as Jeff's eyes narrowed at the action, oh yes, Jensen knew exactly what he was doing.

"Strip off your uniform," Jeff said, his voice deep with command. "Fold it neatly and place it on the chair over there. Then you will clean up the mess on the bed. Leave out only a set of clamps, restraints and a plug."

Jensen stood to unzip his jumpsuit, but then Jeff's hand was tight around his wrist. "Did I say you could stand?"

He swallowed, lowering his eyes in submission. "No, sir."

Jeff let go of his wrist and Jensen dropped back to his knees and struggled to pull off the jumpsuit. He was aware of being watched, as he crawled, bare-assed, across the room to put the uniform where Jeff had indicated. He wouldn't be needing that for a while. Jensen turned back towards the bed, Jeff's eyes still on him. So he went all out, rippling his back as he stalked forward on hands and knees, meeting Jeff's eyes and making sure his own gaze smoldered with desire. Jensen knew exactly how to work his body, his training had made him fully aware of his own assets, and he learned to intuit whatever motion pleased the most, whoever his target at the time.

When Jeff pushed himself off the bed and started to pace the room, Jensen knew he had been successful. He smirked to himself as he cleared the toys off the bed, packing them back neatly in his duffel. Jeff hadn't specified which set of clamps or plug, so he chose his favorites, clamps that pinched just the right amount, a plug that wouldn't stretch him too wide.

He sat back on his legs and waited for his next command.

Jeff didn't disappoint.

"Get on the bed, up on your knees." Jeff's voice was like gravel, rumbling and deep. It made Jensen rush to obey, climbing onto the hard mattress and kneeling just over the pillow, facing the headboard. "Put the clamps on."

Jensen didn't know if Jeff wanted a show, how he wanted his slave to act – all seductive or shy. How would the people of 328 expect their Subs to please? Were they all sweet and shy? Did they pretend to be surly and obey only reluctantly? Would some cheek be welcome, or would it be punished outright? Damn it, there was so much he didn't know! He pinched his nipples to hardness, not looking at Jeff as he did so, then carefully attached the clamps, the chain swinging between his nipples, catching the sensitive skin of his chest.

"Hands on the headboard," Jeff ordered, then when Jensen obeyed, used the restraints to tie Jensen's wrists to the slats there. Jensen gripped the edge, feeling the hard plastic bite into his palms. Jeff ran his hands along Jensen's back, pulling him into position, pushing his legs forward so his ass rose into the air, but not so much as to cause discomfort.

Then Jensen waited, his body tight and oversensitive, too aware of the bite of the clamps around his nipples, the tightening of the restraints around his wrist, the way he knelt on display for Jeff. He bit his lip and tried to look out of the corner of his eye to see where Jeff had gone.

Then soft fabric covered his eyes as Jeff fitted an effective blindfold over them. Jensen gasped – Jeff hadn't pulled that from Jensen's bag and had surprised him. He hadn't expected that of the commander. "All right?" Jeff whispered in his ear, breath warm and moist.

Jensen made the signal for "I'm all right" with his fingers and Jeff grunted before moving away. He strained to hear what Jeff planned next, but didn't hear any rustling in his duffel and Jeff hadn't ordered him to remove any floggers or paddles. But he did ask him to…

That's when slick fingers probed at his entrance. Jensen fought to keep from moving away, to let himself be opened. "Easy," Jeff said, a gentle hand on his lower back, holding him in place. Jensen relaxed, simple as that, and bore down against the plug Jeff pushed inside him. It stretched him pleasantly, not so little that he couldn't feel the burn, but not so wide as to be uncomfortable. He'd once worn this one all day in preparation for some fast and deep fucking later. Jensen remembered how he had squirmed whenever he needed to sit, never quite able to get comfortable, never able to forget the mark of ownership deep inside him.

He swallowed, feeling the collar on his throat, wishing it meant more than just this simple little trial, that it wasn't just for yet another mission. At the end of the year he'd finish his second tour of duty and he still didn't know if he would sign up for five more years. Jensen shifted on his knees, easing the aches in his thigh muscles. Could he do this for much longer? Submit his body over and over again and never gain what he most needed, someone just for himself?

His cock ached between his legs, hard and leaking, and unable to get any relief. Jeff had shown some real talent here, tying Jensen so he couldn't get any friction. All he could do was wait to see what Jeff would do next. He strained once more to hear, but could only make out the sounds of typing. Was Jeff…doing work? How long would he leave Jensen tied like this, prepared for his pleasure and just waiting to be used?

His dick grew impossibly harder and he bit his lip again to keep from moaning at that thought. It wouldn't do to show any signs of how much he liked this, being turned into nothing more than an object for his master's pleasure. No, he couldn't give Jeff the satisfaction, he was doing this, after all, so they could go on the mission to free his men. Jensen was nothing more than a means to an end.

And now he really wanted to groan. He reminded himself to give Jeff a lesson on cock rings afterward, because he found himself dangerously close on the anticipation alone. How long would Jeff make him wait? Maybe, maybe Jeff wanted him to beg. Jensen had certainly encountered Doms like that.

"Please," he whispered, pausing to wet his dry lips, the word coming out more wrecked than he had meant it to.

The click-clap of the typing stopped. Jensen could hear the heavy footfalls on the carpeted floor, could feel the bed dip when Jeff sat beside him. For a moment, there was nothing and Jensen realized Jeff might be looking at his hands, for some signal that this was too far. They really didn't have a signal for "I'm damn horny and I don't know what you want," though in retrospect, Jensen should have thought of one.

"Please what?" Jeff asked slowly.

"Please, I need…" Jensen began, only to start at the sudden smack on his ass. What had he forgotten? Oh. "Please, sir…" When no further smack was forthcoming, Jensen continued. "I don't know what you want. I want to be good." It was the truth, after all.
Jensen felt a gentle hand in his hair, stroking slowly, like one would a beloved pet. "You are good," Jeff said softly. "You just need to learn a little more patience."

He nearly laughed. If only Jeff knew how patient he could be. He blamed Jeff for his sudden uncertainty, for all the rules he knew, all the ways he should act, all that was blown by this man and his inexperience. Jeff had to train him what to expect, even more than Jensen could train Jeff how to act.

"I'm sorry," Jensen said, because that's what you did, in an unknown situation with an untried Dom, you apologized. He knew exactly how much cheek he could get away with General Ferris, before it would delve into punishment territory. He had no idea what to expect here.

"Not that sorry," Jeff said, sounding amused as he slipped a hand between Jensen's legs, to tug at his cock. Jensen shivered, the sensation nearly too much. "Do you want me to fuck you?"

"Please," he said again, needed to feel owned, possessed, to have Jeff all around him and over him and in him.

"Say it."

"P-please, sir, fuck me." Jensen was nothing if not obedient.

"You slut," Jeff said, still with that amusement in his voice. "Nothing shames you."

It had been a long time since Jensen had felt shame about this. He didn't have time for shame. "No, sir," he said.

Jeff's only response was to remove the plug, twisting it until it pulled free of Jensen's body. Jensen waited, open and ready, his body aching to be filled. He remembered Jeff's words on patience, so he stayed still and didn't speak. He heard nothing but Jeff's breath and his own, in sync, and the hum of the terminal in the corner. Sweat trickled down his spine, and his back ached to hold the position. Still, Jensen waited.

He had learned his lesson, his body told Jeff. He was there for Jeff's use, nothing more. Jensen gave in, a soft sigh escaping his lips. Jeff would fuck him when he was darn well good and ready. At least he hadn't gone back to his terminal to work. That made Jensen feel the tiniest bit insecure. He thought Jeff wanted him, how could he stand to have Jensen bound, naked and slicked up and not do anything?

"Someone once told me," Jeff said softly, hands grazing along Jensen's sides, causing him to tense. "that sex was about anticipation…"

He took hold of Jensen's cheeks, a globe in each hand and pulled them apart, revealing his hole. Jensen felt cold air blow over the sensitive skin and shuddered. He arched his back, pushing his ass backward, but the warmth disappeared. Right, anticipation.

The bed dipped as Jeff climbed on, and his warmth covered Jensen as his slid over, their naked skin touching. Jensen could feel the blunt head of a cock at his opening but nothing more. How could Jeff stand it? Jensen groaned, unable to stay silent any longer, to bear this without comment. He would hold still and wait, but not without comment.

A chuckle of warm breath slid along his back and Jeff pressed inside, finally, filling Jensen as he needed. Jeff slid an arm around Jensen's torso and took hold of his shoulder, holding Jensen in place as he fucked him, deep powerful thrusts, again and again. Jensen could do nothing but rock his body back and forth, still holding onto the headboard and hoping his legs would hold out as he took the pounding.

Jeff shifted back, changing the angle and Jensen nearly yelled as he cried out, the sudden pleasure almost too much. He couldn't hope to hold back any longer and hoped Jeff would let him come soon. "Please, please, please," he realized he was chanting, but couldn't help it. Stars, he needed so badly.

"C'mon, kid," Jeff whispered. "Come on my cock, baby, I know you can…"

And that was all he needed, the permission, and Jensen flew, his orgasm nearly painful as it rushed through him. Jeff groaned behind him, long and hard as he stilled, pulse after pulse filling Jensen to the brim.

His hands shook when Jeff untied him and pulled off the blindfold. "Easy," Jeff wiped him down, carefully, manhandling Jensen under the covers and sliding behind him. "Rest up now. You were good, so good, boy."

Jensen shivered and pushed back against Jeff, desperate to feel that warmth against his skin. He must have made some noise, because Jeff shushed him again. "Sleep, while you can."

He tucked his face against warm skin and obeyed.