I don't remember how I ended up with the job of mowing her lawn. Back in junior high, I mowed a few lawns for spending money. Mrs. Leslie was a British widow, related to my cousin's husband. I think I ended up doing her lawn because of the family connection.

At the time, I thought she was ancient. In reality, I am sure she wasn't any older than 45 of so. She had long brown hair, a slim figure, smallish breasts and a firm butt. Not that I really noticed. She was too old and I was ridiculously shy.

Me, I was slim, not a lot of meat on my bones. Kind of wiry and fit in an awkward way. I was tanned from working outside. At the time, I didn't think my cock was anything exceptional. Later, after I saw a few more, I realized it was bigger than average. I didn't have any body hair, just a small tuft above my dick that had sprouted quite recently.

Even though I was shy, I thought of nothing but sex. I masturbated at least four times a day. The only thing that slowed me down was when my cock was too sore or there were too many people around. Since I was out of the dry cum stage, the shower became my favourite place to dispose of the evidence. This led to my parents often haranguing me about how long I spent in the bathroom. 

Although I could get hard at the drop of a hat, I did my best to get my hands on porno mags. Sometimes I borrowed them from friends or filched them from my parents' stash. A smuggled smut magazine in the bathroom was heaven!

Things at Mrs. Leslie's started out just like any other of my lawn clients. I'd show up once a week,  on Saturday or Sunday, mow her lawn and she would pay me. Nothing out of the ordinary. She was quite friendly, but not overly. Nothing to that raised any suspicions in my naive teenage mind. She was most always home when I cut her grass and was kind enough to offer me something cold to drink on the hot days. The odd time she would offer me a glass of Guinness which I always declined. I hadn't even tasted alcohol at this point.

One Saturday, she did something unusual. It was a really hot day, I had my shirt off and was wearing nothing but a fairly small pair of gym shorts and work boots. The sweat was literally dripping down my bare chest and back. She came out to offer me a drink. As she quite close to me, she reached over and give me a light pinch, on my bare skin, just below my butt. I was startled and instinctively jumped and said "what are you doing!?" She replied in her quiet British accent "oh nothing."

Remember I said I was naive? Well I went home and frankly didn't give it another thought. I continued my jerk off regimen with porn in hand, or failing that, while imagining the various girls in my class naked. 

The very next week things became much more obvious to me. I showed up at Mrs. Leslie's at the usual time and was surprised when she came out in the yard to greet me. What was even more unusual was the fact that it was obvious that that she had taken time with her appearance. She had put on make-up and was wearing a form-fitting dress. I asked her where she was going so early in the day. She replied "I'm not going anywhere, silly" and as usual, invited me for a glass of Guinness. I finally gave in and agreed that I would once I finished her lawn. While I mowed her lawn, kept me thinking about her appearance and linked it in my naive mind to the playful pinch she gave me the week before. I also caught her watching me out of the front window more than once. I was more than a bit excited and wondered to myself what the hell was going on. Needless to say, I was rock hard.

When I finally finished the lawn, I poked my head in the side doorstop let her know I was all finished. She came to the door and told me to take my boots off and come into the kitchen for my Guinness. She followed me up the stairs and gave my butt the same kind of playful pinch as before.

She had two beers poured in glasses on the counter. I walked over, trying to be as cool as possible, like this was a normal, everyday thing for me. She stood beside me, lifted her glass to touch mine and put it to her red lips. I did the same, trying to keep my hand from shaking. I took a big gulp and immediately realized that this stuff was awful! She couldn't help but notice me shudder. She set her glass down, put her hand on my arm and leaned in close. With her other hand, she gently wiped a bit of foam from my lower lip. "Don't worry, you will get used to it." She said softly. Then she leaned in closer and gave me the softest kiss on my lips. 

I couldn't believe what just happened! My mind went in a million places at once. Was this just like some of the letters in my parents' smut magazines? What did she mean by that? I had never even kissed a girl, let alone a woman. While I was thinking about what I could possibly say, she slid her hand down my arm and took me by the hand. "I have something to show you." She said and led me down the hall to her bedroom. I followed her like a scared puppy.

Once we were in the bedroom, Mrs. Leslie turned, pulled me close and kissed me full on the lips. This was no light kiss like in the kitchen. It was a full on passionate kiss. Even though I had no idea what to do, I learned quickly and opened my mouth to her probing tongue. She held me so close that I could feel my cock squeezed between us and a low moan escaped her lips. I couldn't believe that this was really happening. After what seemed like a long time, Mrs. Leslie stepped back, grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I was a bit shy and embarrassed but she seemed to like what she saw. She ran her hands all over my hairless chest before starting to kiss me again. Now I was the one moaning. She worked my shorts down with one hand, pulling the waist band over my cock that had been standing straight up since the kitchen.  She moved back and put her hand around my stiff pole and said "I knew it would be beautiful."  While I stepped out of my shorts, she started stroking it ever so slowly.

Wish I could say that I lasted a good long time. Truth is after about five strokes, I came all over her hand, arm and the carpet. I was embarrassed and muttered an apology. "Don't be sorry" she said. Then she did something that surprised me. She lifted her hand to her mouth an proceeded to lick off my cum. I was still hard as a rock and was way beyond wondering or caring about what was going on. 

After her little show Mrs. Leslie said "do you want to get on the bed?" I nodded in mute assent. She turned and asked me to unzip her dress, which I did with a shaky hand. She lifted the dress over her head and turned back to kiss me more.  She was wearing a lacy white bra and panties. Straight out of a catalogue. Nothing like the cotton numbers that I had inspected our family's laundry hamper. 

Her hand immediately reached for my upright member and she used it to lead me to the bed.  She laid me down, almost pushing me while asking if I had ever had a blow job. I managed to stammer "n-n-no."  I was sure I was going to die when she put the tip of my cock between her ruby red lips. I couldn't help but clench my skinny butt and arch my back in an attempt to push my whole whole length into her mouth. She put her hand on my stomach, pushed me down and raised her head just long enough to tell me to relax. I managed to calm down and focus on what she was doing. She licked from the base of my cock all the way to the tip then alternated between swirling her tongue around the tip and swallowing it all the way. I lifted myself up on my elbows to check to see if she was really taking the whole thing. I am sure my eyes were wide with excitement and surprise. I was pretty much moaning constantly by now.

After what seemed like mere second, but was probably more like 15 minutes, Mrs. Leslie got onto the bed and kneeled next to me. She slipped the straps of her bra down and gave me directions on how to unhook it. She faced me again and I saw my first real naked breasts. They were small and perky, with tiny but very pointed nipples. She kissed me for a few more minutes and I could taste my cum on her tongue. By now, I was getting bolder and ran my hands all over her back and then around to her breasts. She put her hands over my hands and made kneading motions. I caught on quickly and it was her turn to moan. 

Eventually, she laid on her back and told me to help her off with her panties. "Another first!" I thought. I could see where the lacy crotch was wet and could smell the most heavenly musky scent. I kneeled beside her and eased her panties down her smooth legs. I was marvelling at her mound of brown hair and glistening lips when she almost commanded "Touch me!" I touched her mound and tentatively ran my fingers over her wet lips. She arched her back for maximum pressure. Out of frustration she grabbed my wrist and pressed my hand hard against her. She immediately started to moan, shudder and writhe on the bed. She laid still for a minute and I stupidly asked her if she was OK. "Of course, that was lovely." She said.

Mrs. Leslie then spread her legs and asked her if I would lick her. I didn't need any encouraging but definitely needed instruction. I kissed her tentatively, poking my tongue in her wetness and tasting it. I licked up and down her slit, enjoying making her jump whenever it touched her clit. She was breathing hard and between gasps was saying "there, right there... there...!" whenever I was hitting the right spots. Eventually the instructions stopped and she put her hands on the the back of my head and pushed me hard into her. She was bucking, thrashing and screaming and it was all I could do to keep licking. After what seemed like a long time, she laid still, panting "thank you, thank you..."

Mrs. Leslie pulled me up to lay beside her and we rested for a few minutes.  Then she asked if I wanted to try something else. I knew exactly what that meant and agreed right away. She had me lay on my back and positioned herself right above my hard cock. She took her hand and guided me towards her opening. Although she was very wet, she had a bit of trouble getting it in. She lowered herself onto me and then raised herself a couple of times and realigned things with her hand. I had no clue what I was doing and was no help at all. I just laid there with my head tilted forward, eyes riveted on my cock disappearing inside her. Eventually, I was all the way in and she laid on top of me to kiss me some more. Soon she was squatting on her heels, raising and lowering herself onto me. Then she switched to her knees and ground herself back and forth, panting and moaning. Before long, I could feel that familiar feeling and knew I was going to cum again.  I erupted inside her and after a few seconds she had another very loud orgasm.

Mrs. Leslie collapsed on top of me and we stayed like that for a long time. I had a million things running through my head. What the hell just happened?  Will my parents be able to tell? How will I explain why I was gone say long. When can we do this again?

She rolled off me and told me that I was a great lover. She said that she hadn't been with a man since her husband passed away over 10 years ago, that I was beautiful and that she had  been looking at me since she first hired me to cut her lawn. She told me to keep this as our secret while she helped me gather my clothes. After I got dressed, she walked me to the door, put her hand on my butt and slipped my pay in my pocket. I later realized that she had included an extra $20. When I got home my parents asked me where the hell I had been. I told them that Mrs. Leslie had a few other odd jobs that she needed done. 

Thus began my long term employment and education by the Widow Leslie.



















