



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================





 
Terri
By Homer Vargas and Terry
Vargas111@yahoo.com

***

Terri's friend turns her on... to her son. (M/F, F/F,
inc, preg)


***

[Much of this story was related to me by Terry who 
wanted me to write a story about "Terri," but she 
disappeared before it was finished. I hope she likes 
it.]

I'll admit this is my fault, though not all my fault. 
It wouldn't have happened if I hadn't taken advantage 
of Howard in high school. I know that will sound 
strange. His brains and family connections marked 
Howard for success even then. I could see that as soon 
as I transferred to his school. I had to go live with 
my grandmother when my mother ran a way with a lover 
who got her pregnant, a man young enough to be her son.

I guess I had inherited Mom's sex drive. I had been 
fucking since I had dressed up like a kinderslut and 
enticed one of Dad's friends to do me at 14. I'd had 
plenty of boys in my old school and I liked doing it. I 
could have continued screwing in Robert E. Lee High, 
too, but some kind of female animal cunning, told me 
this was my chance to escape marriage to a trucker or 
construction worker. (I had a weakness for the big 
macho types who could fuck my brains out but I wanted 
the big house and fancy clothes I saw in magazines.) It 
wasn't a conscious plan  I was only 16  but I knew, 
even if I could not have expressed it, that Howard was 
my ticket out of the lower middle class.

Lee High was full of rich bitches who were more 
interested in hanging on the arm of a hunk football 
player (though the price was pulling down their 
Victoria Secret panties, spreading their professionally 
waxed legs, and fucking like little minxes) than in 
landing a marriage partner. They had plenty of time in 
to college to do that! So no halfway pretty girl would 
pay any attention to a boy who was 5'5" and slightly 
pudgy like Howard. I didn't have nice clothes, but I 
was at least a pretty as any of the rich bitches and I 
had a killer body even then. I had no problem making 
Howard's head spin.

Remember, this is me, a 35 year old housewife telling 
you this story. I didn't think I was being as 
manipulative as I now see that I was. Sixteen-year-old 
Terri Dyer was genuinely thrilled that a "nice boy" 
like Howard Archer wanted to date her. Since he was 
"nice," I knew I had to act like a "nice girl," too. We 
were a couple by Christmas of our junior year. The 
Junior-Senior prom was the first time that Howard 
touched my breast (with a bit of encouragement from 
me.) I wanted sex, but I was smart enough to stick 
close to Howard and wait.

Over that summer I visited Dad and found guy at his 
construction site to fuck the daylights out of me like 
I had been missing. It was a good thing I had not 
stopped renewing my birth control prescription. He was 
a no-condom guy and worked hard at keeping my teen 
pussy full of his spunk. In my senior year I was back 
to technical celibacy. Sex with Howard progressed to me 
giving him hand jobs and letting him play with my 
pussy. When Howard started applying for universities, 
things got tense; it was obvious that Grandma could not 
afford to send me away to school. I didn't want to 
loose Howard and did what I had to do.

At New Years, I went off the Pill. I also started 
dressing a little hotter when we went on dates, letting 
Howard see more of my legs and tits, which had 
developed nicely in the last two years. I really was in 
love with him and I figured right that I could get him 
to go all the way with me at the party after the Senior 
Prom. It wasn't a bad fuck, considering. He had an 
average dick and he was certainly enthusiastic about 
putting it in his steady girlfriend. I even had a 
decent orgasm. Howard had clumsily put on a condom, but 
it didn't do him any good. I had slathered myself with 
baby oil and the rubber was in tatters when he pulled 
out.

Howard was apologetic and nervous, but I told him not 
to worry, I wasn't at my most fertile time. I was, not 
that it mattered. If I weren't, I would have made it 
happen some other night. I waited until after missing 
my second period to tell him I was pregnant. Grandma 
and Howard's Catholic parents were upset and I 
pretended to be, but there was no question but that 
Howard would marry me. I moved in with the Archers the 
first year while Howard was in college and my belly 
expanded. My darling John arrived on Valentine's Day.

The year with Howard's parents was hard. They were too 
sophisticated to say it in so many words, but it was 
clear they thought I was a trashy gold-digger. And I 
missed sex even when he came to visit. Howard was one 
of those men that is squeamish about fucking a pregnant 
woman even though I wanted it more that ever, if that's 
possible. He wouldn't even play with me and I'd never 
been able to get him to eat me.

For the rest of Howard's college years we lived in 
apartments near his school. They were the best years of 
our marriage. Howard was sailing through school and 
then Law School and we did not lack for money. We 
fucked every chance we got, which was plenty. John was 
a trouble-free baby and there were plenty of young 
women to take care of him if Howard and I wanted to go 
out. At first Howard couldn't keep his hands off me 
(and his cock out of me). His parents hatedand I 
secretly loved them hating it our noisy lovemaking 
whenever Howard and I went home for a visit. 

I am naturally a screamer when I come and I made no 
efforts to control myself. The looks I got from "Mother 
Archer" were poisonous and Howard's dad was clearly 
envious as hell. One time when Howard's sister Caitlin 
and her husband were visiting when Howard came home, 
they got to hear a three orgasm night. Caitlin was just 
as snooty the next morning as her mother but Reggie 
looked at me like a piece of raw meat.

After John was born, Howard's parents were keen that I 
not "burden him" another baby and I agreed that his 
college years were not a good time. They had me go on 
this Norplant stuff because I guess they thought I was 
too stupid or conniving to take the Pill. It must have 
worked or I'd have been knocked up no telling how many 
times before John graduated, the way we fucked. 
Unfortunately his ardor cooled pretty quickly. By the 
time he passed the bar, I was down to no more than one 
fuck a week, and not happy about it.

After John started working for this big law firm and 
his folks saw how being a "family man" with a beautiful 
wife was an asset for him, they changed their mind 
about babies. They still didn't like ME, but decided I 
was OK as a brood mare for Howard. They started 
dropping hints about it being time for Howard "to be a 
father again," as they put it.

I wanted more children (Mom had let her young stud make 
her pregnant three more times after splitting with 
Dad), but their attitude and Howard's lack of 
enthusiasm in the sack really put me off. I pretended 
to go along but decided I would NOT get pregnant again, 
partly to spite my in-laws. By then I was half pissed 
at Howard, too, for not pounding me, making me come so 
hard I didn't know or care if he was making me 
pregnant.

I had the Norplant removed but started using an IUD 
without telling anybody. Some of Howard's and my our 
increasingly infrequent session of lovemaking would 
have coincided with my fertile periods so I pretended 
to be surprised that he wasn't knocking me up, but 
there was little chance. I even had myself checked told 
him the half truth; that I was very fertile. This left 
Howard and the family to conclude that is was his sperm 
count. I don't think he was really upset. The babies 
were more his Mom's idea than his. I was starting to 
loose respect for him, notwithstanding the money he was 
pulling down.

For several years I had to make do for sex with Howard 
and my secret collection of vibrators and dildos. Then 
I found Eve, or rather she found me. Eve was about my 
age, an equally unsatisfied wife in our upscale 
neighborhood. One afternoon I was at her house, 
drinking wine and let on feeling sorry for myself about 
not getting laid more often. She was very sympathetic, 
telling me how pretty and sexy I was, how she envied my 
large, firm breasts. Somehow it seemed to make sense to 
let her take off my blouse to see me better.

And then she was kissing me and touching me and not 
just my breasts. I felt her hand slide up under my 
skirt, but I was too turned on to stop her. By then she 
had me laid out on the couch, kissing and nibbling my 
breasts as she slipped off my panties and began playing 
with my sex in earnest. When her tongue and lips 
brought me to that first girl-girl orgasm, a new world 
opened for me. I knew it would never take the place of 
cock, but I loved what Eve could do to me and what I 
soon learned to do for her. From them on, we spent many 
happy hours with our faces in each other's pussies.

It was Eve, in fact, who encouraged me find other men 
to give me the fucking I needed. I started going with 
Eve to a bar out of town to dance. Nothing attracts men 
like two hot chicks dancing with each other. We never 
had to buy our own drinks. <giggle> One night Eve was 
off in a corner letting some guy suck her tits while I 
was dancing and drinking with his buddy. He was a few 
years younger than me, but funny and hansom, and hung. 
He was in construction or something and had a faint 
scent of muscular toil about him: the kind of guy that 
always makes me wet. Our dancing turned into grinding, 
and before I know it, he had me in the back seat of his 
truck fucking me like a madman. Then we continued at 
his apartment for most of the night. 

I never really looked back. It sounds like a clich, 
but I started getting it from my tennis instructor, my 
personal trainer, and an assortment of gardeners, 
plumbers, and some very lucky delivery boys. Eve was 
doing the same; it was so easy in our neighborhood.

Once at a Christmas party I was dancing with one of 
Howard's partners. He had been drinking and put his 
hands on my ass and told me he always wanted me. I 
played the game and told him I could never; I had just 
been drinking and flirting. He was just about humping 
me by the end of the dance and I was turned on. I 
playfully slapped him and asked him to show me the 
house. He just about yanked my arm off getting me away 
from the dancers and down a dark hall. As soon as he 
closed the door to his office, he was all over me. I 
moaned that it was not right, and he should not take 
advantage of me because I was drinking. He wasn't 
buying it and soon I was naked from the waist down and 
he was licking me till I came while pulling his hair. 
He climbed on me and I begged him to stop. When his 
cock went in me, I stopped pretending to resist and 
started begging for it and cumming all over his cock. 
He was a real stud. I let him fuck me him pretty often 
after that because he knew how to give a woman what she 
needs.

*****

Sorry if this getting long and kinda off the point, but 
you need to know who I am for the rest of this to make 
sense. Don't get the wrong idea; I was running around, 
but I was still a good wife to Howard who was getting 
all the sex HE wanted and a very good Mommy to John who 
was turning from a cute little boy into a handsome 
young man. He was the kind of kid everyone took to and 
after puberty, a boy that girls went crazy over. Who 
could blame them; my son is a hunk. He joined the 
football team and started working out at 15. At 18 he 
is a lean and muscular 6'1'' and the captain of the 
team. It's kind of hard for a mother to accept, but it 
was obvious that he was fucking all the cheerleaders 
and any other girl he wants. I just wanted to scratch 
their eyes out.

Still, it was Eve, as usual, that started the ball 
rolling in a new direction. It was getting late one 
afternoon and we'd spent a wonderful hour or so in bed. 
I was "complaining" (half bragging, really) about my 
son's prowess with girls when Eve brought me up short. 
"It's not just girls, you know," she smiled 
mysteriously.

"What?"

"You know Edwina Hart?"

"Sure, she's John's AP math teacher... No!"

Eve flashed one of her sexiest, grins. "Yes. Seems her 
husband came home early one day and found his forty-
year old wife years with her legs wrapped around your 
son's back, humping him and crying and begging him to 
keep fucking her. He was so intimidated by John he just 
stood and watched."

"But... she... She's..."

"Pregnant. And diamonds to donuts she didn't get that 
sexy bulge from her husband. I'd heard they couldn't 
have children because he's sterile."

I was stunned.

"Pretty sexy, huh? Edwina Hart, a married woman and a 
respectable school teacher so in lust with one of her 
students  your son  she lets him knock her up!"

I must have been gaping because Eve laughed and 
continued. "I wonder how it started." She paused and 
got this far-away smile. "I guess she'd hit that age -- 
like you and me -- where she just needed more sex than 
hubby could give her, especially the wimp she's married 
to."

Eve's face was prettily evil as she spun out her 
fantasy. "Week after week she'd see him in class, 
unable to keep her eyes off his crotch, getting a 
little wet, wondering what it would be like. At some 
point John would have noticed and it became their 
secret game. She started wearing sexier clothes and let 
him peek up her skirt on days when she went without 
panties. He would adjust his package and grin at her. 
In the afternoons, she would rush home wet and 
masturbate, thinking about him."

"I wonder if she made the first move or did he?" Eve 
mused. "It doesn't matter. It was during an after 
school conference. One minute they were talking about 
functional forms and the next her tongue was down his 
throat. Like the cocksman he is, he was feeling her 
breasts and driving her crazy. After bringing her to 
one orgasm on his fingers, she didn't resist when he 
pulled down her panties and took her on the desk, 
having to hold his hand over her mouth to keep her 
cries from giving them away."

"She probably felt guilty and fucked her husband that 
night for all she was worth, but all she could think 
about was your son and his big cock, ramming in her, 
stretching her, filling her.... Oh my God! She had been 
so excited she didn't think to make him use a condom. 
What if he had...!" 

"That did it! The thought of her belly swelling with 
the baby of a well-hung high-school boy sent her over 
the edge. She came hard, screaming like a banshee, 
climaxing like never before with her husband. Her pussy 
clamped down on his inferior prick and he squirted in a 
bit of watery sperm that she couldn't even feel. She 
lied to him that he had excited her, but when he rolled 
off of her and was snoring, she cried herself to 
sleep."

"She told herself it wouldn't happen again, but five 
minutes after the next time John came to her after 
school, she was on her back on the same desk, her 
panties around her ankles and her skirt rucked up 
around her waist and John's bare cock deep in her 
spasming pussy. Realizing then that she couldn't live 
without his cock, she started asking John over to her 
house to fuck her senseless as often as she could get 
him there."

"Eve, stop!" I gasped. My heart was pounding.

"Why?" she asked, playing dumb. "Does thinking about 
how John fucked his math teacher turn you on?"

"Eve, please!"

"Fucked her with his big cock until she needed it so 
bad she let him make her pregnant!"

"Eve!" I whined.

"Is that what you're thinking about Terri? Thinking 
about getting John's hard young cock in you and letting 
your son shoot you full of his potent baby juice?" She 
didn't give me the chance to lie and deny it. Her hand 
found my burning pussy. "This pussy says you are," she 
laughed. "You're swamp down there, girl! Well, it's not 
going to happen today, so better let me help calm you 
down before you go home."

*****

That was the start of where I am now. To say I looked 
at John differently after Eve told me how my son had 
made is math teacher pregnant would be an 
understatement. Instead of my little boy, even my big 
handsome young man, I now saw a stud. And I reacted as 
I react to studs: being around him made me horny as 
hell and a little crazy. For example, we had a big snow 
storm here not long after that afternoon with Eve. 
Schools were closed so John was around the house. 

I spent the day walking around in a lavender tank top 
(no bra) that was tight as my skin. The cold made my 
nipples hard. On my hips I wore just a green micro mini 
and a matching green thong. It made John crazy, like I 
hoped. We watched a couple of movies under a blanket. I 
threw my legs over his lap. I could feel his cock as I 
moved them from time to time. I know he got several 
views. But I didn't want to go too far, too fast. I was 
trying to play it cool at least till his father would 
be gone for a week.

Eve was bubbling with excitement when I told her about 
my hot "snow day" with John. "I'll bet he's jacked off 
thinking about that green thong and the wet Mommy pussy 
under it every nigh he's not out making some other MILF 
pregnant," she laughed. "Think about him running his 
lotion-slick hand up and down his cock, his eyes closed 
and moaning, 'Oh, Mom, Mom, you're fucking me so good. 
Mom, you're making me come in you... Agggg.' And a milk 
carton of thick white sperm shoots out of his pee-hole, 
thick white sperm you wish were shooting into your hot 
Mommy pussy!"

"Eve! Don't say that. I was just having some fun with 
him. I'm not going to FUCK him."

"Yes you are. You're seducing him, making him crazy 
with lust for you. When you move in, he'll be helpless 
and Mommy will get what she wants: her son's hard thick 
cock in her."

"No, Eve. You're wrong."

"I'm right. You're gonna fuck him and I know why."

"Because I'm an oversexed housewife?" I grinned.

"Well, yeah, that, too," she laughed. "But mainly 
you're gonna fuck him so he'll get you pregnant."

"No!!! I could never do that."

"Sure you could. Howard would just think he'd gotten 
lucky again after all these years. And the old 
biological clock is ticking. You know you want babies. 
And John is the smartest, studliest man you know. It 
wouldn't take him long to put a beautiful, strong, 
bright baby in your tummy. And you'd be super sexy 
pregnant, your belly getting big and tight, those 
beautiful breasts filling up with milk. You'd be so 
horny Howard, John and I together couldn't keep you 
satisfied," she laughed again.

Her obscene words had me hotter than a branding iron 
and without realizing it, I hand my hand down my 
waistband fingering myself. "Hey, that's my job," Even 
said diving between my legs. I didn't argue with her 
anymore that day.

******

I still was not sure what I was going to do, but I knew 
I had a serious case of the hots for my son. Several 
days later Howard, John, and I went to Boston to look 
at colleges even though he is only a junior. (He's a 
year older than most kids in his class because when he 
was 5, I couldn't bear letting him go to kindergarten, 
so I kept him back a year.) 

We decided to stay over Thursday night and when we got 
back to the hotel, I wanted to change. I had worn 
borderline slut clothes incase I needed to seduce an 
admissions officer, but I found most were women and 
from the way they looked at Jon, I knew he'd be 
admitted anywhere he wanted. I was very horny from 
seeing those young guys on campus and decided to go for 
a dip. My husband had no interest so it was just John 
and me. 

It was nearly dark and the large indoor pool area was 
deserted. John looked so very hot in his baggy trunks 
and sculpted body. It wasn't hard to see the bulge I'd 
been wet for. I had on a small black string bikini. I 
got in the hot tube while John went for a swim. I got 
so turned on watching him I started playing with 
myself. I was so into myself I didn't notice when he 
approached until almost too late. Did he see his mother 
playing with her pussy? Could he have guessed why?

John got into the hot tub with me before I could get 
any release. We talked about the school and him 
leaving. I told Him how much I would miss him and how I 
felt old.

"You're not old, Mom."

"I sure feel that way when I see your girlfriends. I'm 
jealous of their hot young bodies."

"Mom you have nothing to be jealous of. They can't hold 
a candle to you."

"That's sweet, honey?"

"No, it is true. Guys stare at you wherever we go. All 
my friends have the hots for you."

"Well that is so nice of you to say, but you father has 
no interest in me and I guess my self-confidence has 
suffered."

"Well he must be crazy. If you weren't my mom you would 
be in trouble.

"If only you weren't my son," I said and leaned in to 
give him a peak on the cheek. "You are so sweet."

I placed my hand on his chest lifted my leg across his 
lap. I could feel he was hard as a rock. I smiled. "Did 
I do that to you?"

He turned red. "Yes, mom you look great in that..." His 
voice trailed off as he looked at my breasts.

"I'm sorry baby, I said. "I didn't mean to tease you."

"I'm not sorry, Mom. I wish you'd dress like that more 
often."

"Maybe I would if you always reacted like that," I 
giggled. I rubbed my leg back and forth. "I guess I 
can't leave you like this. If you promise not to tell I 
can help you with that," I said, nibbling his ear.

I slid my hand down over his cock and started rubbing 
him. He just moaned. "I'm sorry I can't do more but I 
am you mother," I whispered and slid my hand in his 
trunks, and started playing with his head and worked up 
to jerking him off, slowly at first, then faster and 
faster while sucking on his neck and ears. "You are so 
sexy, baby. So much bigger than your dad. I wish I 
could have you!"

That was enough. He came violently, squirting an 
incredible quantity of cum in the water. I shuddered, 
thinking what that much potent young sperm could do in 
my fertile pussy. I stroked him slowly till he came 
down to earth and kissed him like a lover. "We'd better 
get back honey. We don't what your dad to get 
suspicious.

As we walked back hand in hand, I was thinking: Howard 
will be going away in two weeks! Was Eve right? Would I 
have the nerve to seduce my son? Would I be able to 
wait that long?

Saturday, the first morning we were back, John came 
down stairs while I was making breakfast. He put his 
arms around me and grabbed my breast. He was kneading 
them and pinching my nipples as he ground his big cock 
against my ass. I hand on a short silk nightie with 
spaghetti straps. I pushed back against him a moaned. 
He was kissing my neck. I couldn't let this get out of 
hands. "We have to stop, baby," I groaned but he 
ignored me. "John, baby we can't... your father will be 
down," I gasped, unable to pull myself away form him. 
He stopped only when we heard Howard's foot steps. I 
was wet and shaking as we sat at breakfast, Howard 
slightly puzzled at John's big shit-eating grin.

The rest of the weekend John kept trying to get me 
alone, but I didn't let him. My plan was to play hard 
to get and make him insane with lust till his dad goes 
away. That night I got Howard to fuck me and made sure 
John could hear me. Thinking about him, I went crazy, 
begging to be fucked harder for him to "put that big 
prick in me lover and make me come." I was loud, mainly 
imagining it was John's cock in me and thinking about 
him hearing me, but I did enjoy it. You know what the 
say, even bad sex is still better than anything else. 
Hubby kept asking what got into me but he really liked 
it.

This was making me crazy also. Any time the three of us 
were together I was touching my husband but smiling at 
John or blowing him kisses or licking my lips when his 
father wasn't looking. If I walked by him, I rubbed up 
against him. 

By Sunday afternoon I was so horny I had to go over to 
Eve's house to get relief. I almost attacked her when 
she opened the door. "Are you alone?" I gasped, turning 
that pixy face up to mine and kissing her as I drew her 
slim, curvy body to me.

"John have you worked up, again?" she managed to laugh.

"Feel me," I said and pushed her hand into my soupy 
snatch.

"Ummm, you are in a bad way, honey. Mamma Eve knows 
just what you need." Gratefully I let her lead me to 
the bedroom and undress me  she looked like she was 
dressed for solo fun when I came. Gleefully she 
produced a double headed dildo and soon we were up 
grinding our lips together with it in us, coming and 
moaning.

Monday after Howard left for work I was walking around 
in a towel when John came in my room and started 
feeling me up. He got his hand under my towel and 
started rubbing my pussy. I almost melted under his 
touch. "No, John! This is wrong." I was genuinely 
afraid he would do me right then and I don't think I 
could have stopped him. Fortunately, the door bell 
rang. It was Eve coming over early for shopping as we 
had planned. John had to sulk away. 

"Let's get Mommy some sexy boy-corrupting clothes so 
her poor innocent son won't be able to resist her," Eve 
giggled in the car. "You want John to be like a sexed-
crazed animal when he gets you, right?"

The next few days were just as crazy. Like one 
afternoon John came up and gave me a hug, making sure I 
could feel his iron-hard prick. "Please, Mom, I'm so 
horny. Can you get me off?"

I hesitated. "Like this?" I asked, stroking him through 
his pants and giving him a hot kiss. He groaned and 
looked so helpless. "OK, but this is the last time. We 
can't keep doing this." I pushed him back in a chair 
and undid his pants and ran my hand up and down his 
lovely cock a few times. "Wait here, baby. I've got an 
idea." I removed my shirt and bra and got some lotion. 
Kneeling in front of him, I squeezed his cock between 
my breasts and stared in slow motion to titty fuck him. 
He moaned and tried to grab me. "No touching. I'm your 
mother."

Soon he was humping begging for release. I just keep 
asking, "Do you like Mama's tits? Do you like to fuck 
Mama's tits, baby? Do you want to come on Mama's big 
soft titties? Do it, baby! Come for Mama." (I like to 
talk dirty.) 

That was enough; he exploded, all over my tits and 
chin. Quickly, I scooped up as much as I could up and 
licked it off my fingers. "If you weren't my son, I 
would clean you off too," I whispered. He threw his 
head back and groaned in frustration. I walked away, 
smiling to myself. 

He never got soft.

*****

I don't know what I thought would happen, but it wasn't 
what did. I was over at Eve's and as usual she was on 
my case about letting John fuck me and knock me up. As 
usual I was holding her off. "Even if I did let him, I 
wouldn't let him make me pregnant."

"So you admit you are planning to let him fuck you"

"I said no such thing, just that I wouldn't get 
pregnant if I did."

"And how would you avoid it? John doesn't look like a 
man to use a condom if he can get away with not doing 
it. And grown women seems to find him very persuasive," 
she laughed. "Do you think you would even want him to 
pull out?"

"My pretty little butterfly has severed me well for 17 
years' she would keep even John's baby juice from 
knocking me up," I assured her.

"But you say he has a huge cock, what if he fucks your 
little friend out?"

"Oh, she's hung in there for some pretty hard rides," I 
joked.

"Too bad," she purred and started kissing her way down 
my belly. "This would be so sexy stretched tight with 
John's baby."

I was almost ready to go when Howard called me on my 
cell and told me he was home packing, flying to Chicago 
for a meeting on Saturday. Eve perked up and said let's 
go out for drinks and dancing at one of our favorite 
high-class dives, "But not yet, Baby. Her fingers and 
lips found my clit and we didn't talk much for a while.

I was groggy with sex when I left for home to dress, 
putting on a short brown knit dress very tight and very 
low cut with thin straps. I had on 5" black heels a 
gold ankle bracelet, a few gold and diamond bracelets, 
and a choker.

When Eve picked me up about 6:30, she was wearing a red 
satin dress with a strap that went over one shoulder 
and left the other bare. Very short and tight. We call 
it her "classy slut" dress. She doesn't even own a pair 
of heels under 4" and loves thigh-highs. Of course she 
leaves her panties at home when she's on the prowl as 
do I. At the disco, Eve quickly found a guy about our 
age, quite handsome, while I did some bumping and 
grinding with several young guys. Rather than release, 
it just got me hot. We let the men buy us a few too 
many and Eve said she couldn't drive. "Call John to 
take us home," she suggested.

We were hanging onto John and laughing like 
streetwalkers as we wobled to the car, leaving behind 
several sullen, horny guys. I rubbed up against John 
like a bitch in heat, touching his arm and chest as he 
drove. I slid my and down to his cock. He was so hard. 
"Did you ever think my little Johnny would grow so big 
and strong," I bragged to Eve.

"No, Baby. He's a real stud."

I continued to stroke him, feeing his delicious 
hardness. Finally, I took him out. "Look what I've done 
to my little boy," I told Eve. "When he gets like this 
I have to help him with his tension."

"You'd better. He looks real tense to me." She leered 
from the back seat

"Well if you think I should," I said, as I lowered my 
head to him lap and licked his head and member. I took 
him in my mouth while stroking him. 

Eve was nibbling at his ear. "You've got a real hot 
Mommy, John; she loves to suck stud cock. You should 
return the favor by eating her horny pussy. She's soooo 
sweet and she loves to be eaten. And when you do, who 
knows what else you can do." I could only groan with 
his prick down my throat. 

We didn't make it home before he had to pull over and 
stopped. I felt him expand and he came so hard and so 
much some dripped down him balls which I sucked off. 
"Get her home before she changes her mind about letting 
you go down on her," Eve whispered in his ear, cuddling 
with me in the front seat now.

"But only if you promise not to try anything," I added 
weakly. 

"Don't count on it," Eve whispered and she kissed me, 
telling me how good John tasted on my mouth. Eve 
slipped her finger in me and kept me on the edge of 
orgasm the rest of the way home and I was boiling with 
lust when we arrived. She led the way to the bedroom 
and together they undressed me. They lifted my short 
dress over my head. John was kissing me while Eve 
kissed my neck and someone undid my bra. They each had 
on a nipple in their mouths. I was groaning and holding 
their heads to my breasts. I fell back on the bed and 
Eve keep sucking on me while she told John get 
undressed and lick me. In a trance I watched him step 
out of his clothes, slowly revealing his gorgeous body. 

"You never told me how big he is," Eve hissed 
enviously. I felt John remove my thong over my heels. 
Eve continued to kiss and fondle my tits as John 
started kissing my inner thighs. "Eat me, Baby. Oh 
yeah, Oh, Baby!" I moaned in lust, pulling his hair. 
When his tongue finally swept over my lips, it sent 
chills up my spine. I nearly came. Eve was worked my 
ears, neck and breasts. John was attacking me with long 
soft stokes, then frenching me. I was pulling his hair. 
"My pussy, Baby, Mama's pussy!" I begged. He hit my 
clit and after a few flicks I was cumming with my son's 
tongue deep inside his mother's pussy. 

I was too orgasmed out to realize exactly what was 
happening to me, but I heard Eve talking to John. 
"She's out of it, John. Fuck her!"

"No baby we can't," I moaned, still coming down. 

"This is your chance John. Do her," Eve almost ordered. 
I protested as he complied, lifting my legs. 

"Don't you want it?" Eve taunted.

"Yes, but, but we can't!"

"Oh, but you can!" Eve growled and grabbed John's cock. 
"Here!" she ordered and pulled him to me, guiding his 
head to my lips. She rubbed it against my opening, and 
just keep asking, "You want it, Baby?"

"But it's wrong!"

"Wrong, but sooo sexy! You want it, don't you? Open up 
for him, Baby. That's it! More!"

I could feel the delicious pressure of John's cock 
pushing against my opening as Eve rubbed him against my 
wetness. "You want it, Terri. You need it. Let him in!"

"Yes, please, yes!" I couldn't deny it; all I'd wanted 
for weeks was John's cock in me. I was soaked. "Fuck 
me, Baby! Fuck Mama!"

He needed no more encouragement and slid in slow but 
steady till I felt his ball against my ass. He pulled 
out except for the head and slid it back in slowly he 
keep this up over and over till I was clawing his back 
with my legs wrapped around him and screaming for him 
to fuck me, fuck mama harder! 

He steadily picked up the pace till he was like an out 
of control animal driven by pure lust. "I've always 
wanted you and this pussy, Mom. So wet and tight," he 
groaned. 

Eve was whispering in my ear. "You got what you wanted 
you little boy fucking you." John was now kissing me 
and driving his big cock in me. I was so full. "And now 
you're going to get your baby!"

"Noooo!" I wailed but Eve ignored me. 

"She's fertile, John. You can knock her up. See how 
she's fucking you. See how she's cumming. She wants a 
baby John. Give her your baby!"

"Tell him you want it,Terri," she cooed to me. Tell him 
to fuck you and come in you. Tell him you want to be 
pregnant with his baby. "

Eve's crazy words and John's pounding cock had me out 
of my mind. "John baby I want you! Cum in Mommy's 
pussy, Baby. Give me your baby, Baby. 

John drove into me and froze. I felt him expand, and 
then shudder, and, groaning like a wounded animal, 
flood me like no man ever had. I shrieked in ecstasy as 
well and came all over him. He collapsed on me. I just 
kissed him neck and touched his sweat covered body. 
"Thank you, Baby. I love you," I whispered as I drifted 
off, his cock still only half soft plugging my pussy.

John woke me up twice more that night to make love to 
me  who am I kidding  to fuck the daylights out of 
me, the first time with my heels to the ceiling and the 
second time doggy style. I sucked him clean each time. 
The next morning when he awoke, his mother was riding 
his big thick cock mouthing obscenities. He joined me 
in the shower and did me twice more that day before his 
father showed up that night. The last time I noticed he 
seemed to be treating me quite gently. "Come on, stud; 
give it to me. Or is this old woman wearing you out?" I 
teased.

"I don't like it when you say you're old," he said 
seriously. "I'm not tired; I decided to be careful."

"Careful? About what?"

"Well, you know. What Eve said last night, about you 
having my baby."

"Oh, John," I laughed. "That was just Eve's little 
fantasy. I guess she got me going, but we didn't make a 
baby. I'm fertile, but protected. I've had an IUD for 
years. Why do you think you don't have a houseful of 
brothers and sisters?"

"Oh," he said, obviously disappointed. "Sure, I 
understand." 

I wondered if I did. Did my son really want to get his 
mother pregnant? I juiced a bit at the thought. Oh 
well, I could put that new wetness to good use. "Hush 
baby and fuck me. Fuck me hard!"

*****

Howard's return made is difficult for John to fuck me 
as often as he and I wanted him to, but I still got it 
a couple of times Saturday and Sunday  just from John. 
Somehow it didn't seem right to let Howard fuck me just 
then. It was like I was on my honeymoon with John and I 
wanted only him. Monday while John was at school, I 
cooled off enough to know we couldn't keep doing this. 

It was dangerous, crazy, I explained when he got home 
from school. He just smiled. Even as I was explaining, 
he had his hand in my pussy. "If you don't want to get 
fucked, Mom, why aren't you wearing panties and why are 
you so wet?" He rather clinched his argument by taking 
me on the dining table, another screaming, heels-in-
the-air, mommy fuck.

What was totally impossible was getting together with 
Eve to talk everything over. John would hardly leave me 
alone and eventually I started having to fuck Howard, 
too, to keep him from getting suspicious. I was 
worried, but God, the sex was great. Finally, almost a 
week later, we finally got together. She hadn't been 
getting as much sex as I had and insisted on making 
love first before talking. Then I told her everything. 
Not being able to stop, not wanting Howard. "The 
strangest part is that John actually seemed 
disappointed when I told him you were only teasing us 
about him making me pregnant."

"Who says I was teasing?" she grinned.

"OK, so 'you' think it would be funny if 'I' got 
knocked up. But it's not going to happen. I've got my 
butterfly," I smiled.

"You mean, this?" She pulled out a small familiar 
object and dangled it in my face.

"What? What is that? Where did you get that?

Eve just smiled as I sputtered to a halt. "You know 
exactly what it is honey, your precious butterfly. And 
I think you can figure out where I found it, in that 
sweet juicy and now probably pregnant pussy."

"How could you!"

"Easy, girl. When I heard Howard was going out of town 
last weekend, I knew that was my chance. You got one of 
my best tonguings and came so hard you didn't know when 
I reached in and pulled your little friend out."

"You and John had this planned."

"No, but I knew I could count on John to behave like a 
horny male when he saw a pretty sexy woman drunk and 
available. But you did most of the job of getting 
yourself pregnant  by John, just as I was sure you 
would"

"'I'?" I gasped. "I didn't do anything, well except let 
John fuck me."

"I believe a tied and true way to get pregnant is for a 
fertile woman to get with the most virile male she can 
find and fuck him and only him. And if you came like a 
bitch in heat, well, it's because you were. Your little 
reptile brain has been trying for years to get mommy 
pregnant again. I just helped."

I was sobbing. "But I'm afraid? What's to happen to 
me?"

"Your pants are going to get tight, and your tummy is 
going to get big, and your tits are going to swell and 
it's going to be OK. You are a healthy horny, sexy 
woman and Howard will be overjoyed to think he knocked 
you up again at last. And you've got me. We're in this 
together."

"Easy for you to say, but I'm the one who's pregnant."

"So am I!"

"You let Frank...?"

"No, not Frank, not this time, at least." She said with 
her most self satisfied giggle. "Who is the smartest, 
hunkiest, sexiest man I know?"

"How should I... NO!"

"Yes. When Edwina told me how John had turned the 
tables on her and made her pregnant and how sexy she 
felt to be carrying his child, I got so hot I knew I 
had to have him too. About two months ago I threw away 
my pills and had him come over to help me "move some 
things" and let him seduce me; he suspected what I 
wanted. When I whispered to him that I was fertile, he 
nearly broke it off in me! When I knew he had knocked 
me up. I hatched the idea of getting him to make you 
pregnant, too so you couldn't be mad at me."

"Like Hell I can't!"

"Come on, Terri. You're going to be a mother of a baby 
fathered by prime stud and your husband will never 
know. You've got it made. And with the right man, 
pregnant sex is even better than regular sex."

"I should choke you."

"But you're not going to be able to, if I eat that 
pretty pregnant pussy 'til you scream."

*********

Well there we were, Edwina, Eve and I, three grown 
women who "should know better" all with swelling 
tummies because a high-school boy, my son, was so sexy 
we opened our legs and wrapped them around his muscular 
back as he filled our hungry pussies full of his hot, 
thick, baby-making cum.

As when pregnant with John, so when pregnant by him, my 
normal lusty enjoyment of sex turned into a gnawing 
urge, to the exhausted pleasure of the men in my life. 
Howard was surprised and pleased when I started 
demanding more regular sex and my orgasms as I fucked 
him were not faked: I was thinking about how his son 
had so recently had his prick where Howard's was now 
and had already given me the baby that I was begging 
him to give me. More than one repairman and delivery 
boy left my house tiered but happy to have found a sexy 
housewife hot for a roll. And of course John couldn't 
reenact often enough the way he "got Mom prggers."

Things turned out as you might expect. I missed my 
period and a beaming Fred congratulated Howard on 
getting me pregnant, too. Eve and I let them think what 
they liked. Edwina had her twins and Eve and I had our 
suspicions about the rash of high school teacher 
getting pregnant. 

Even the attitude of John's Aunt Caitlin improved 
noticeably after she turned up unexpectedly pregnant 
not long after a visit. Eve had a blond little boy and 
I had a darling little girl that looked "just like 
Howard," so his family thought. By the time John went 
off to college, Edwina, Eve and I and several of his 
teachers were all nursing the second round of 
"unexpected" babies.


Comments welcomed to 
Homer Vargas
vargas111@ yahoo.com