Last Week of School
byandrewmoocow©

Last Week of School Pt. 01

My name is Amber Martinez, a freshman student at J. Oscar University and a member of the nudist sorority Alpha Zeta Zeta.

Well, this was it. The final week of school before summer vacation begins for the students of J. Oscar University. For the past few weeks since late-May, my sorority sisters and I were finally allowed to go around the entire university naked if we wanted just as long as no one tried to fuck us. Since summer break was almost here, I shall dedicate this five-chapter finale to my freshman year to making the most out of that last week.

But before we start, I'd like to address an error made in the previous entry that chronicled my time in the island of Edun. Maria said her last name was Cuesta but in the final chapter of Amethyst Springs, it was Lopez while her boyfriend-turned-husband was referred to as John Edwards when it was supposed to be John Daniels. I am sorry for the inconvenience.

-

"Oh yeah, that's it sweetie. Right there." I moaned sensually as my best friend turned girlfriend Karen Mishra rubbed sunscreen onto my bare behind. We had decided on nude sunbathing after classes were over to the surprise and delight of our classmates, who were busy either watching us, filming or resisting the urge to fap.

"Seems everyone is loving our little show." Karen purred into my ear. "I wouldn't be surprised, just look at how much we've grown." She was indeed right, my boobs have somehow grown from their old 38C to a 30D. Karen on the other hand went from 33DD to 36, but the shapeliness of our legs and fullness of our asses remained the same.

"Hey, you hot fucks should make out!" one classmate called out to us. Everyone else cheered in agreement. The two of us just gazed at each other before we immediately began sloppily making out while mashing our tits together.

After 15 minutes of kissing, we moved onto slowly grinding our pussies for another five. "I bet you're thinking what I'm thinking." I purred back, pointing to Karen's tongue then to my clit.

"Oh you horny bitch." Karen moaned seductively before ducking down for a lick.

"Oh shit, oh yes!" I cried in ecstasy.

"Go faster!" our audience chanted excitedly. Us girls just grinned at each other and continued our show, now that Karen started licking more & more while fingering herself.

Eventually we came to a very loud climax with our cum staining the grass beneath us. Everybody cheered and begged for an encore, but we politely declined as we prepared to leave. "Sorry everyone, maybe next time."

"Hey, over here!" a fratboy called to us. It was Lance Barker of Eta Omnicron Tau, one of the top fraternities of J. Oscar. He may seem like a musclehead with his well-built frame, but he was overall a likable charismatic guy. "You're those two from Alpha Zeta Zeta, aren't ya?"

"Yeah, name's Karen Mishra." Karen introduced ourselves. "And this is my BGFF (Best Girlfriend Forever) Amber Martinez." I politely waved with a cute smile. "So how are you doing?"

"Doing good. Heard you were putting on a little show." Lance stated. "Which reminds me, our house is holding a big party to celebrate the end of the year and every student on campus is invited. Your sorority wanna come?"

"Sure, that would be awesome!" I replied brightly. "We actually have been to a party before. It was back when school started, when we went with Mrs. Prince to the Amethyst Springs Nude Resort and on our last day there, we attended one held by a Latina hottie and her then-boyfriend."

"Wait, Mrs. Prince likes being naked too?" Lance exclaimed in surprise. "To be honest, who wouldn't want to show off a hot bod like hers whenever they want?"

"Anyways, we'll be there!" Karen answered.

"Great, party's at 11 at our frat-house. Be there or be square babes!" Lance declared walking away from us. After a few moments, I asked "Who even says that anymore?"

-

When we finally returned to our house, I found Bonnie Leonard modeling for a drawing of herself by Stacy Johnson. The drawing in question was a simple life sketch emphasizing the subject's large boobs, flat toned stomach, muscular legs and casual pose.

"Oh hello girls, just finishing up on this portrait. What do you think?" Stacy said showing us the picture. "It's okay if you don't like it, but I think for my first life drawing, it's pretty good."

"Don't put yourself down like that Stace, it looks great!" I complimented. "Really love the pose and expression she's got. And the volume of her assets, just beautiful!"

"Oh thank you so much Amby." Stacy blushed. "So how was your day today?"

"Great sweetie. We've done some sunbathing after classes, fucked in front of everyone and got invited by a guy from Eta Omnicron Tau to a big party at his frathouse that pretty much everyone is going to." Karen explained just as Emily East and Harriet Kimberly walked in fresh from the pool. Emily's B-sized chest had grown into a C & her purple hair got longer while Harriet gained a sexy swimmer's body.

"What's this about Eta Omnicron Tau inviting everyone on campus to a party?" Harriet asked drying her hair with a towel before she tossed it aside and stretched her arms out.

"And that we're all invited?!" Emily chirped ecstatically. "I don't think we've EVER been to a real college party before! Oh I'm so excited to dance the night away, and maybe get it on with some hotties."

"And who knows, maybe we could convert others to our own dark side." Harri purred sensually licking herself. "You think J. Oscar would be okay with more than one nudist sorority?"

"Screw that, why not an entire nude campus?" Bonnie suggested. "Everyone can dress, or not dress, however and whenever they like."

"Let's not think too far ladies. Only think about the present for now." Stacy advised us all. "Speaking of, when is this party?"

"Lance Barker said it's gonna start at 11 at his frathouse." I revealed. "So we've got time until then."

"That's good. But what should we do to kill time?" Karen wondered. Then she got an idea by gazing at the nude portrait of Bonnie. "Hey, why don't you draw the rest of us?"

"Oh, that would be just wonderful!" Stacy exclaimed in agreement. "Now which one wants to go first?" We each started shouting at her saying who should go first. But our sorority leader calmed us down with a single raise of her hand. "Why don't we play a little game? Girl who moans loudest when I touch their breasts gets to go first."

"Well, whatever you say." I gave in presenting my meaty assets. Stacy covered her eyes with a blindfold she pulled from a nearby drawer and began feeling around for our tits. With each pair she groped, the girls began to moan louder until she reached the loudest one, her purple-haired girlfriend Emily. "Oh I know who it is, ain't nobody got tits as sensitive as yours Em!"

"Guess that means I won!" Emily declared striking a rather innocent pose for her picture. "Make sure you get my good side!"

After a good two and a half hours of sketching, the portrait was finally done. It was a back view of Emily with her face turned around to show her pouting sexily and extra emphasis on her ass. "Wow, nice work on the volume of my big booty & sexy thighs!"

"You were always proud of those sweetheart." Stacy remarked giving her girlfriend a long, slow kiss on the lips. "Now then, who's next?"

"How about me?" I suggested. "I gave you the idea, so why not?" My choice of pose this time was a Kate Winslet-like lay on the couch while Stacy got to work.

-

By the time she finished all of us, it was about 10:45 in the evening. Stacy had just wrapped up on drawing Karen who struck what was quite possibly the most sultry, lewd pose she's ever drawn. She had her tongue stuck out, hands firmly grasping her tits and butt sticking out.

The previous girl to be drawn was Harriet in a stereotypical pin-up pose with both hands behind her head, eyes seductively half-closed, a relaxed smirk and C-cups proudly on display.

"And that's the last of them!" Stace declared putting down her sketching tools to rest her hands. "Whew, that was quite a workout! And just enough time to spare." she remarked cracking her knuckles while looking at the clock. "So what shall we do next?"

"I got an idea. Why don't we draw YOU?!" I proclaimed. "We're pretty much building a collection here, plus it would be our way of saying thanks to capturing how sexy we all are."

"That would be wonderful, but I'm afraid we'll have to save that for later. We still got a party to go to." Stacy stated giving her arms a good stretch. "Now how's about a little freshening up before we depart?"

"Yeah you're right. Still need to wash off the chlorine and sweat from my swim earlier." Harriet agreed already moving upstairs. "Come on ladies, do you want to be super unclean in front of dozens of other students?!"

The five of us just shrugged before joining Harriet upstairs.

-

The party was only just getting started when we finally arrived. Karen & I weren't given the house number of Eta Omnicron Tau so our party just had to listen out for the sounds of loud music, people cheering and the chanting of "Chug, chug, chug!"

The frathouse was probably one of the fanciest I've ever seen. Two stories high with a fine stone exterior, a balcony over the entrance, fancy scarlet-colored roofs and shubbery underneath.

"For a fraternity, this seems more like a mansion!" Emily whistled in amazement.

"Well what are we waiting for? Let's get this party started!" Harriet cried racing towards the entrance and we all excitedly followed her. When the front door was opened for us by another one of the members, all eyes were on us and our enticing, bare forms.

"Hey, is that Alpha Zeta Zeta?!"

"They're even hotter up close!"

"Hey, that's Amber from my history class! She's got nice tits, right?"

"They all have hot bods! What's the difference?"

"Gawk all you want everyone, but no touching." I announced blowing a kiss. "Oh hey, there's Lance!" I found him chatting with a goth girl by the stairwell, the girl in question having black hair with blue streaks, a grey crop top underneath a black hoodie & matching short shorts and Converses. She has lightly tanned skin with a small B-cup chest, a pretty cute round butt and slender legs.

"Oh hey Amber, there you are! So glad that you made it!" Lance greeted me with a high five and a spank of my ass. "I'd like you to meet my girlfriend Whitney from the Tau Iota Tau sorority. You might have seen her play guitar at the cafe on some nights."

"Hey." Whitney quietly greeted me. "So, you're one of those nudists from Alpha Zeta Zeta, aren't you?"

"Gee, I don't know!" I answered coyly presenting my best assets to her. "I got a nice body, right?"

"Yeah, I guess." Whitney replied looking down.

"Hey, sorry if I'm making you feel jealous of me. We can still be friends." I assured the goth girl. "So where's the rest of your sisters?"

"You rang?" another girl called suddenly behind me. When I turned around, I saw her black hair, blue eyes and the cocky grin in her face. She had a tight Blackhawks jersey covering medium C-cup boobs with grey sweatpants and was barefoot. "Name's Dawn Quinn. Suppose you already know about my sis?"

"Wait, you're sisters? I don't see the family resemblance." I commented. "Also, you both have pretty small racks."

"Yep, but I'm still proud of my set. Some guys do prefer smaller y'know." Dawn declared pulling up her jersey to reveal her black bra-clad assets to me. "Like what you see?"

"Course I do! And I see you and your sis are pretty brown." I commented feeling them up. "You guys tan or something?"

"A lot of the time, and we prefer doing it naked." Whitney replied to my surprise. "Though, we're not nude all the time like you guys."

"Trust me, you'll love it once you get introduced to it." I stated before an utterly hammered Karen waddled to the four of us arm in arm with a South African girl with brown eyes, white-dyed hair, sports bra, yoga pants and sandals. "And what happened to you?"

"Yo Amby, want you to meet this babe here!" Karen slurred drunkenly. "Her name's Wendy, and check out these knockers!" She squeezed Wendy's boobs and presented them to the rest. From what I could tell, they were also small but still slightly larger than Whitney & Dawn's. "For a sorority named after tits, these six honeys sure got the most delicious cups!"

"Okay Karen, let me talk." Wendy said lowering my wasted lover to the ground. "My name's Wendy Chalk, pleased to meet you."

"Name's Amber Martinez. And I suppose you've already met my girlfriend Karen Mishra here." I remarked looking back at Karen now curled up in a ball like a kitten. "I guess you're from the same house as the Quinns?"

"You bet. Dawn and I are also on the girls volleyball team together." Wendy answered stroking her hair. Judging by her slim build, attire and lean muscles, I can see she loved playing the sport. "And I love how attractive your body is."

"Yeah, I love working out and I'm pretty proud of it myself." I proclaimed stroking my creamy skin, my large boobs, matching size ass and fine legs. "Like what you see?" I offered the three girls to stroke my toned arm. They all felt it up in awe of how athletic I kept myself.

"She's really confident in herself, am I right?" Lance stated.

"REALLY confident." Whitney answered continuing to gaze at my limb. "Hey, where are the others? They gotta see this!"

"Yeah, you really have to meet Jen, May and Opal!" Dawn exclaimed beckoning three other girls over. "Hey gang, come over here! It's the Bare Babes!"

Just then, those three girls finally appeared before us. The first was a brown-haired girl who wore glasses, a yellow tube top, black tights and ballet flats with a completely flat chest for her age. The second was Asian with her blonde hair in a ponytail, a red choker and a green dress. Finally the Latina girl in a tight shirt tied to expose her stomach had the biggest bust not just out of the three, but of the entire Tau Iota Tau house.

"We'd like you to meet the rest of our Tau Iota Tau sisters." Wendy stated. "Our resident ballerina here is Jen." She introduced the flat-chested girl. "Next up is May, captain of the martial arts team." The Asian waved politely, paying no attention to my nakedness. "And finally there's Opal, our sorority president."

"Very good to meet you at last Senorita Martinez." Opal greeted me with a shake of my hand and kiss on my cheek. "That's just a thing I do around fellow students, no matter who they are."

"I'm very grateful!" I blushed. "I'm sure you've already met Karen here, drunk in the floor."

"Oh, you mean she's not dead?" Jen darkly chuckled. "Sorry, just got a really dark sense of humor."

"Oh, my head!" Karen moaned getting up and scratching her head. "Guess I must've drank too much." She then noticed me with the Tau Iota Tau girls. "Suppose you must be the rest of that other sorority. Hey, where's ours?"

"Right here Karen!" Emily called from another room. "The boys showed us this dark and empty room that they use for seven minutes in heaven! It's kinda chilly here but still pretty cozy!"

"Yeah, why don't all you girls play seven minutes in heaven?" Lance suggested, to which everybody in the frat-house agreed. Us girls just shrugged in acceptance.

—

When we were lead into the dark room, Lance and his bros decided to switch things up a bit. Instead of only seven minutes, we would be in there for seven hours. They gave us a lot of things to help pass the time with like some playing cards, music and sex toys.

"So what do you suppose we do first?" Whitney asked turning on Freek'N You by Jodeci on the boombox. "We could have a dance-off or play cards."

"How about cards? Maybe even strip poker." I suggested sitting down and shuffling a deck. "Of course, only like half of us are naked, so that kinda defeats the point."

"Are you implying that you want us to become nude?" May guessed.

"Yeah, pretty much. We just want you to explore the wonders of nudism with us." Stacy explained as the others sat down with me. "So which one bets first?"

"I'll bet my jacket." Whitney declared.

"And I bet my jersey!" Dawn added boldly.

"I bet my top." Wendy stated.

"Flats." Jen said.

"Dress!" May exclaimed, looking like she was eager to play.

"Shirt." Opal concluded.

"All right now, let's get it started!" Harriet announced dealing her first hand, a two-pair. "Now I'll have you know, I'm pretty good at these types of games thanks to my dad."

"I can take that as a challenge." Dawn smirked showing her first hand. "Oh balls." she muttered as her confidence dropped straight on down the toilet. "Two, three, seven, eight."

"Get stripping babe!" Harriet bragged as Dawn accepted her loss with a smirk and tossed her jersey at the ceiling, sitting completely unembarrassed in just her bra and sweats. "Okay, who's next?!"

"My turn." Bonnie stated slapping down her cards, a flush. "What have you?"

"I got this in the bag." Wendy boasted revealing a three of a kind. "Hm, not bad."

"I swear, it's like the game was rigged!" Stacy stated as Wendy slowly removed her sports bra in time with the music to reveal her medium-sized light-brown chest with darker colored nipples.

"Nice form Chalk. My turn!" Stacy announced dealing a full house, which also happened to be Opal's cards as well. "Well."

—

After an hour or two, we succeeded in getting half of Tau Iota Tau naked as they were born. Dawn, Wendy and Opal's clothes all sat in a pile nearby. Meanwhile Whitney sat there topless, May only had her choker left and Jen was bottomless.

"It all comes down to this." I declared glaring competitively at Whitney, who was wearing quite the poker face. "Are you ready for this?"

"You bet your ass I am!" Whitney raised her voice just as ready before revealing her hand. "Three of a kind bitches!"

"Au contraire!" I replied revealing a straight. "Now ditch all those bottoms."

"Son of a..." the goth girl groaned before she stood up and slid her shorts off, followed by her panties. Upon moving them to the side with her foot, she stared at me as if she thanked me for helping her experiment with nudity outside of tanning with her sister. "Wow, this feels...so freeing."

"See, this ain't so bad." I stated putting an arm on her bare shoulder before we both sat down, leaving only two girls left.

"Try and beat this!" May shouted revealing her hand. "A royal flush?!" she gasped in amazement. "Guess I got lucky."

Emily threw down her own hand, a three of a kind. "What happens if the already nude gets a lower hand?"

"How about this? They have to perform a rather lewd act." Opal suggested. "Pretty sure those toys over there are just dying to be used!"

"Are you really serious guys?" Em asked nervously. "I mean, we can just stop the game and get everybody naked within playing. Especially since I don't think we've been playing this right."

"Oh come Emmy, just for us. Please?" Stacy begged putting on her best puppy face. Eventually Emily just gave in and kissed her girlfriend on the lips before picking up one of the sex objects. "A Sybian! Nice!"

Emily slowly mounted herself on the Sybian and turned it on, feeling the smooth vibrations rock her. "Oh. Oh yeah. Oh fuck yes! Faster, faster!" the purple-haired coed squealed making the toy pleasure her more and more. She began pinching her nipples for added pleasure as it vibrated faster. "AAAAAAAUUUUUGGGGHHHH!!" she finally screamed as her cum sprayed across the floor and she collapsed in exhaustion. "That, ugh, felt, whew, great!"

"Aw, is my sweet little Emmy all tuckered out?" Stacy cooed to her lover like she were a loving pet owner, lying down next to her. "Here, some kisses will help you." They began quietly making out as the game resumed.

"I'll just take this off anyway." May said undoing her choker and tossing it to the side. She adjusted her hair, showing off her firm breasts and athletic build before lying on her side, her peachlike butt facing us.

"One left." Karen said sitting down to shuffle her cards while glaring at Jen. She gave a wide grin looking at her tight tube top before dealing a four of a kind. Jen on the other hand dealt a pair, much to the ballerina's dismay.

With a sigh, she slowly tugged it off revealing her nimble nude form to the other girls in the room. "Go ahead, just say it. I look more like a boy." she groaned feeling ashamed of how androgynous she looked. "People have actually thought that about me for as long as I remember, and taking ballet makes me feel like I belong regardless of my body."

"Aw, don't feel like that Jenny." May comforted her sorority sister. "I mean, we all are pretty teeny-tiny in the boobs department, except for Opal, so maybe that's why you joined us. So that you could be around people who could relate."

The two girls lovingly gazed at each other for a few moments before Jen spoke up. "You know, I never realized how beautiful you are until now." she stated. "I was thinking the same thing." Opal replied before they kissed.

-

Another few hours have passed and now we were in the middle of a full-on orgy. If this was going to be Tau Iota Tau's first time as nudists, might as well properly swear them in.

"Don't you just love this bitch's figure sis?" Dawn began talking dirty about me to Whitney while the latter girl was being pleasured by Karen. "These big tits, this bubble butt, those damn fine legs! She'd fit right in with the cheerleading squad! They got bodies just like hers!"

"Oh yes, my body is the bomb!" I moaned excitedly before Whitney began fingering me. "I love being a lesbian, I love being a nudist, and I love fucking & being fucked by so many hot girls! Oh I can feel it coming!"

I was on the verge of orgasming as the orgy reached its high point. We all burst in unison as white stained the floor and collapsed into piles. I was covered in sweats and cuties while tenderly stroking Whitney's warm flesh. "And I love you as well." As I made my declaration, I tired out from all the sex and fell asleep.

-

The following morning, our two sororities finally left the Eta Omnicron Tau house in the nude. The TIT girls didn't even bother to pick up their clothes, now having fully embraced our nudist ways.

When we all met up again at AZZ's backyard pool, TIT began talking about their first day naked during classes and how nobody seemed to mind because they were so used to us.

"Wow, they basically treated you like you were still wearing clothes?" I remarked as Karen, the Quinns and I relaxed under the sun while Jen & May sat in the hot tub and everyone else splashed around in the pool.

"Yeah. Aside from a few pervs, it was business as usual." Whitney explained. "Maybe going around campus nude is a pretty good idea."

"And I think I know three girls who'd agree." Dawn replied. "Word on the street is that the three cheerleaders in a polyamorous relationship have been to a nude beach close to here."

"You mean the hot blondes with tits so huge, they'd put the other hotties to shame?" Karen asked.

"Jackie, Anna and Lisa, the very same." Whitney replied. "So Amby, you wanna come with Dawn and I to meet them later today?"

"O-Okay! It'd be great to meet more fellow nudists!" I exclaimed blushing at the sound of Whitney calling me Amby. Who knows what these three girls would be like, and how well they fucked. 


Last Week of School Pt. 02

A few hours after Tau Iota Tau left our sorority house, I got a text from Dawn saying that they're preparing for the beach and I should too. I decided to put on as little clothing as possible so that it would be easier for me to strip, in this case a backless halter crop top and tight jean shorts that hugged my D-cups & juicy ass quite well. I also had no underwear on underneath.

By the time I stepped outside the house while bidding goodbye to my sorority sisters, the Quinn sibs waiting for me in a stylish grey convertible with the roof down. Whitney was tanning in the backseat while wearing an orange bikini & sunglasses while Dawn was blasting Gangsta's Paradise on the car radio.

"Oh hey Amber, glad you could come!" Dawn exclaimed turning the radio down. "So, you ready for your first nude beach trip?"

"Well aside from my spring break trip to Edun, yes." I answered hopping in next to Dawn at the front. "And I can see you're quite barely dressed too." I added commenting on her strapless sundress which also had nothing else underneath with the exception of flipflops. "I barely dressed so that I can get naked faster too."

"And me three." Whitney added leaning upwards. Her bikini in particular were a couple of very skimpy patches held together by string. "So, you ready to go?"

"Am I ever!" I declared and the car started up again, driving towards my next adventure.

-

We finally arrived mid-afternoon at a beach marked with a "Nudity expected beyond this point, but not required" sign that had seen better days. "Guess there's no turning back girls." Dawn stated pulling out a backpack to put our clothes in. "Who wants to go first?"

"Dibs." Whitney declared untying her bikini without a second thought. "This breeze feels so nice." she commented feeling up her B-cups as the cool wind hardened her nipples.

"Guess I'm next." Dawn added slipping her sundress off over her head and stepping out of her flipflops. "And that means..."

Before Dawn could finish, I had just finished taking off my halter and was in the process of pulling my shorts down my toned legs. When I had stored my garments in the backpack, the three of us were finally naked as jaybirds ready for the beach. "Jackie, Anna & Lisa, here we come!"

"Like your can-do attitude there Amby." Dawn complimented me while smacking my big butt.

"You son of a bitch!" I playfully growled retaliating with a hip check.

"Oh just quit you two." Whitney said putting an end to our playful roughhousing while picking up the backpack. "C'mon, let's get moving."

-

Among the diverse ocean of nudity before us, we could barely find those three girls anywhere. "There are hotties as far as the eye could see! How are we ever going to find them?" I asked walking with the sisters to find a good spot.

"They should be here, they do come a lot." Whitney answered continuing to keep an eye out through her shades. Suddenly she bumped into a tall, golden-brown woman who looked to be 23 with long blonde hair reaching downward to a gorgeous ass and smooth legs.

"Oh hey, didn't see you there." the woman apologized turning around to reveal what seemed to be the quintessential hot cheerleader body. Massive firm boobs, toned stomach, muscular toned thighs, slender calves and a small bush above her slick pussy. "My name's Jackie, what's yours?"

"I'm Whitney Quinn. This is my sister Dawn and our friend Amber Martinez." Whitney introduced ourselves. "We're fellow nudists who actually came here looking for you and your girlfriends."

"Yeah, we come here a lot. It helps us develop our polyamorous relationship and also a great place to practice." Jackie explained. "Care to join us?"

"Sure. Where you at?" I asked the cheerleader.

"We always have a usual spot closest to the water with the perfect amount of sunlight somewhere down there." Jackie answered pointing towards that very spot where two other blondes that looked almost identical to her played in the water close by. One had her locks in a ponytail, much wider hips and wore quite a bit of makeup. The second one was slightly paler with long pigtails and butterfly wings tattooed on her back. "The big-hipped one is Anna and Little Miss Butterfly is Lisa."

"Hey Jac, who are the new girls?" Anna asked putting her fun on hold to meet us.

"This is Amber Martinez and her two friends, Whitney & Dawn Quinn." Jackie announced. "They're nudists just like us, but this is their first time at a nude beach."

"Well you're going to love it here! The place is just beautiful and the people here are great to know!" Lisa exclaimed. "Now then, wanna join us for volleyball?"

"Su-" I began before Lisa began the first spike. I barely had time to react when the ball came close to my face, but still headbutted it on the spot. "Try and catch me girls!" I shouted running off and spiked the ball again. The other five babes just laughed and chased me around the shore, tossing the ball around each of us.

-

"Oh hell yes, keep rubbing." Lisa moaned excitedly while Whitney slowly rubbed sunblock on her back. "Gimme that gorgeous tan!"

While Whitney was helping Lisa with her tan, Dawn & Anna simply rested in the shade while Jackie and I looked at videos of their old cheering routines on her phone. "You must do a lot of working out to pull off stuff like that, I can relate." I commented comparing our similarly toned limbs, stomachs, thighs and butts. "I was never a cheerleader myself, but I did do some gymnastics back in the day."

"Wow, that's really neat." Jackie commented in amazement.

"Took home a few golds and silvers in all my contests." I bragged turning over to lay on my back. "And what's your team won?"

"Oh, just like all of the cheerleading contests we've ever attended." Jackie bragged. "What about your plus ones over there?"

"I'm on the volleyball team!" Dawn grinned.

"I do a lot of yoga in my free time." Whitney added wiping her hands after finishing up with Lisa's sunblock. "Why, do you want us to do a routine with you?"

"Yeah, pretty much." Lisa answered getting up and doing a few arm stretches. "Now then, you ready?"

"You bet! Want some music to accompany us?" I asked scrolling through whatever tunes I had on my phone before finding one that fit the most, Britney Spears' Toxic.

After setting up Jackie's phone on a nearby cooler (with permission from the owner of course), we were finally ready to perform. "We're nude, and lewd! Don't be such a prude!" the six of us began chanting while flipping around the sand. "Big butts and boobs, proudly jiggling for you! Hey!"

We then flipped backwards to form a pyramid like we were cheering at an actual game and I was all the way at the top. The guy with the cooler finished the recording for us and started clapping, compelling a few others nearby to join the applause.

"Thank you everyone, we'll be here all week!" I exclaimed letting myself down from the stack and helping the others down too. "You did pretty great there guys."

"You weren't too shabby yourself." Anna complimented me. "Maybe sometime over the summer, I could give you a few lessons."

"We're all gonna have so much fun together." Lisa cheered clapping.

-

For the rest of our time at the beach, we spent them hanging out and talking about our futures after college. Jackie was planning on hitting Broadway, Anna wanted to return to high school to become a volleyball coach, Lisa wished to stay as a cheerleader for the big league sports games and the Quinns believed themselves to have a future in fashion. I on the other hand hadn't decided yet, but that's pretty okay with me.

Soon night began to fall when we least expected it and we decided to make ourselves a campfire to sit around.

"So, which of us do you think has the best ass?" I asked the other girls lying on my front. "And please don't start competing babes."

"Well, mine is clearly more toned from my volleyball days!" Dawn bragged. "And far plushier too!"

"A plushy butt is good, but not very tight." Whitney argued. "I should know, because mine is very tight."

"Oh don't get too cocky." Anna said rolling her eyes. "Mine is far bigger."

"You're just lying babe!" Lisa exclaimed chuckling.

"This could get boring. I'm gonna go for a swim." Jackie groaned lightly standing up. "You wanna come with Amber?"

"Sure. Pretty sure this could go on for a while." I answered realizing what a huge mistake I made now that the other girls were arguing about their taste in butts. Wow, never thought I'd say that.

I began following Jackie into the water and while she gazed at the moon, I had eyes on a different one. Her body was beginning to get wetter as she descended further into the water and then fully dove under. Following suit, I paddled after her sweet prize before we resurfaced.

"Oh man, that seawater felt great!" I exclaimed wringing out my hair. "And you look really hot when wet too."

"T-thanks Amber." Jackie blushed wiping some droplets off her face. "And you're really cute too. I'm an absolute goddess obviously, but your boobs and booty are the most adorable sets I've ever seen!" she cooed flicking at my warm-colored nipples, making me resist moaning. "Let's take this back to shore."

To my surprise, Jackie grabbed my ass and held me up to carry back to the sand, where we could also see the ass debate escalate into a twerking contest between Dawn & Anna while Whitney & Lisa watched in amusement. Something tells me the four of them are having fun.

I was dropped off in a somewhat secluded part of the beach and given a kiss by Jackie before she took a seat next to me. "Don't you just love this?" she asked lying down on her back. "It's just so beautiful!"

"Are you talking about me or the beach?" I snarked, eager to get a taste of my new friend's voluminous chest. "Because from past experience, I can tell it's the former."

"So you just want to fuck already?" Jackie asked rolling over to crawl on top of me. "Trust me, I'm just as impatient as you are!"

Almost immediately we began slowly kissing each other. Our beautiful curvy bodies began heating up as our pace quickened. "Oh fuck yes," Jackie gasped. "keep going."

"You got it." I purred slowly moving my head all the way to her pussy and began licking, making her gasp in both shock and ecstasy. "You want to sit on my face?"

"Oh-oh-of course!" Jackie grunted in-between moans turning around while violently stroking her boobs. Now that she was sitting on my face, I was given full access to the rest of her holes that I licked just as rapidly. My moaning was just as loud and was muffled by the flesh that made up that perfect upside down heart.

"Fffffffuck YES! KEEP LICKING!" Jackie screamed in heat on the verge of climaxing. "I think I'm gonna cum! Are you feeling it too?!"

"YYYYYEEEEESSSS!!" I squealed feeling it coming. "Make me cum you sexy cheerleader! MAKE! ME! CUM!"

Our cries echoed long into the night, perhaps loud enough to scare away any nearby bugs. Now completely spent, Jackie collapsed face first into my pussy. "Ooh, a little too late for 69?"

"No, I'm just completely done." Jackie said woozily switching positions to meet my gaze. "You know, it's pretty dark out and it's only us two here, while the others are probably still twerking in each other's faces." she stated. "Want to snuggle under the stars for a bit?"

I nodded and we snuggled up to one another, with only our body heat still cranked up high from sex as the only thing keeping us both warm.

-

"Hey sleeping beauties, rise and shine!"

"Yeesh, how long have they been sleeping?"

"I don't know, but they look so precious together!"

"Don't worry girls, I got this."

We were immediately woken up with a splash of cold water on our faces, sending bolting upwards with a yelp. "What the shit!?" I exclaimed. "I mean, what time is it?"

"June 26th, five-thirty AM." Whitney answered. "Good thing we all have enough time to go back to school."

"Oh by the way," Dawn piped up giving me my phone. "Karen left you this strange text."

"Xs and Os birthday babe." the text read, along with a butt selfie with a red ribbon between her cheeks. "Oh, today's my birthday!"

"Wait, your birthday already?" Dawn shouted. "Happy birthday Amby! And judging by the pic, Karen must want to go all out today."

"Well what are we waiting for?" I yelled excitedly. "Don't want to keep her waiting!"

When the six of us got back to the parking lot and put our clothes back on, our groups drove all the way back to J. Oscar and returned to our respective living spaces. The cheerleaders exchanged numbers with us before they walked back to their residence hall, Dawn & Whitney went back to Tau Iota Tau and I returned to Alpha Zeta Zeta.

Stripping down upon returning to our sorority house, I found one card on the sidetable next to the couch that read "Got my message? Come upstairs."


Last Week of School Pt. 03

Putting down the message left for me by Karen, I walked upstairs to the bedrooms where I felt another paper under my foot. Picking it up, I discovered it read "Getting warmer. Just come to your room."

"Oh, quit playing tricky with me." I muttered with a grin before moving down the hall and opening my bedroom door. And there she was.

Karen Mishra, in all her Chinese-Indian beauty, lying front down on my bed showing off her beautiful ass held tightly within a makeshift sling bikini made of red ribbon. When she got out of bed to face me, a pair of bows were placed over her nipples.

"Happy birthday sweetheart." Karen cooed kissing me on the lips. "Today, I'm your present. No one else's, you can do whatever you please with me. But first, let's get you looking proper."

After she immediately stripped me down and tossed me onto my bed, the two of us started going all out. We were stroking each other, Karen tried to reach into my mouth as far as she could with her tongue, I fingered her rapidly and we were both on the verge of cumming until someone knocked on the wall.

"Are we interrupting anything?" Stacy Johnson snidely interrupted our alone time with the other girls appearing behind her. "Oh and by the way, happy birthday Amby!"

"Yeah, congrats buddy!" Emily clapped excitedly.

"Only a few more years til you can drown your troubles away." Harriet smirked.

"Yeah, big one-nine." Bonnie added.

"Oh thank you all, for the birthday wishes and for being some of the bestest friends I could ever have." I blushed as we all came together for one big, bare group hug. "I really wish I could spend all day with you, but my family and I are going out to dinner tonight to celebrate."

"Sweet. Where to?" Harriet asked.

"Nowhere special, just a fancy restaurant close by my house." I answered. "They got tons of great stuff to eat there. We go somewhere nice every year, and this year isn't no different."

"Well, have fun then." Karen sighed happily. "Hey, you think your parents would be okay with me coming along so we can have a date?"

"Uh, sure. I'll go check with them later." I answered sheepishly. "Where do you plan on taking me? Hopefully after dinner."

"You'll see!" Karen exclaimed grinning.

-

As the day moved on, I received birthday greetings from the friends I made over the school year. Donna, the Longs & their lovers, Mai & Yuki, everybody on Edun Island over videochat, Eta Omnicron Tau and the rest of the Tau Iota Tau girls.

That evening, I arrived back home after so long at J. Oscar to my parents and brother wishing me a happy birthday. For our eventual dinner, I picked out a beautiful midnight green dress that I once wore to dinner after graduating from high school, complimented by lapis lazuli earrings and black three-inch heels. The dress hugged my body tight (especially on my hips & butt), showed off some head-turning amounts of cleavage and made my legs look even more shapely than they usually are.

My family arrived at a chic restaurant called The Globe, which, as the name implies, served all kinds of food from across the world. We had a table reserved and sat down to look at the menus when, to everyone's surprise but mine, the Mishras were a few tables over.

"Uh, hello there Mr. Mishra. Fancy meeting you here tonight." my dad sheepishly greeted Karen's dad. "Nice to meet you too Mr. Martinez." Wendell Mishra replied shaking his hand. "I suppose you already know our two daughters."

"Yes, fancy seeing you here!" I nervously declared while taking Karen's hand. "In fact, Karen and I need some time alone for a little bit." The two of us raced to the bathroom where we got some privacy. "Why the hell did you invite your family too?!" I shouted at her. "I thought we were gonna have our time later!"

"Hey, I just wanted them all to know it's your birthday too." Karen defended herself.

"Yeah well, not like this!" I continued before taking a deep breath. I wanted to slap my best friend/girlfriend so much right now, but I also really didn't want to spoil my own birthday. "Okay, sorry for getting all up in your case. But promise me we'll do what you wanted to do, okay?"

"Sure babe." Karen replied while spanking my ass and giving me a peck on the cheek before she went on ahead, leaving me alone to take a few more deep breaths.

"It's alright birthday babe, just do what you wanna do and then let Karen take the wheel." I said to my reflection before I left the restroom too.

-

Dinner went by pretty smoothly all things considered. By the time we were just about to wrap up and head home, Karen was just about ready to take me away for our birthday date night.

"Well, it was so nice going out with you." my mom said to Karen's parents. "Hopefully we can talk again soon!"

"It was nice to see you too." Karen's mom replied brightly before she turned to us. "And where do you plan on taking Amber young lady?"

"To my new summer job, of course." Karen responded with a sly wink. Summer job? What has everyone been up to lately?

I didn't have any time to ask my BGFF (best girlfriend forever) before she took my hand and led me faraway from our families & the Globe. "Wait, where are you taking me?"

"Like I said, to my new summer job." Karen replied slyly. "It's a surprise."

"I don't think I want to know what you mean by surprise." I muttered nervously, but it was too late. By the time I had voiced my anxiety, we were right by what most definitely looked like a strip club that had a neon sign above it saying 'The Jiggling Balloon Club'. "You mean you're a stripper?!"

"Surprise." Karen declared cheekily while performing some jazz-hands. "Consider this my birthday present to you. Having you watch me show my stuff."

"Many thanks for this babe," I said. "but still, a strip club? Do your parents know about this?"

"Yeah, they're pretty okay with this just as long as I still make money for myself." Karen replied before she walked up to the front door. A gigantic bouncer stood in front with his arms folded until he saw my girl walk on by. "Miss Mishra, you look like you're dressed for a night out." he stated politely while pushing the door open for us. "Good luck on stage tonight."

"That's Gordon, the bouncer round here." Karen briefed me as we walked in. "Really devoted to his job and knows most of his fellow employees like the back of his hand."

When we entered the club, it seemed like a typical strip joint. Dozens of horny men were all huddled around a runway with a pole at the end where a woman who looked surprisingly similar to me danced the night away. She has short red hair like mine and big boobs too, but she was even taller & curvier than even me.

As the woman walked away on her four-inch heels while shaking the piece of absolute perfection she called a butt, the DJ turned on another song while making an announcement. "Thank you Andrea for another great show like always! And now, the Jiggling Balloon club proudly presents once again, CeCe Long! This time however, it's her own Take your Daughter to Work Night!"

"Wait, Belle?!" I exclaimed, stopping in my tracks and dragging Karen towards me as our old friend Belle Long and her mother CeCe appeared on stage dressed in insanely revealing cheerleader uniforms that merely consisted of a string top, miniskirt that barely hid a thong and platform heels. "Did she ever tell us that she or her mom was a stripper?"

Karen gave me a shrug just as the mother/daughter duo made it to the stripper pole and began to perform. "Welcome to, the Jigglin' Balloon!" they chanted while performing some cheerleader tricks for the cheering audience. "We're gonna make you real hard real soon!"

"Woo, you go girl!" Belle's best friend Monica Stephenson cheered from behind us. When we turned around, we saw her completely naked and holding a drink tray. Her generous D-size bust, beautifully toned cheerleader body and killer butt were proudly on display, and her green eyes were very radiant tonight. "Amber, Karen! Fancy seeing you here!"

"Oh hey Monica. Long time no see." I greeted Monica as she brought the two of us in for a reunion group hug. I could already feel her hard nipples against me dress. "So why are you and the Longs here?"

"I suppose you didn't get the memo for a good while." Monica smiled with a roll of her eyes. "Mrs. Long works here and she decided to take Belle & I to celebrate our high school graduation. Belle is already a natural on stage, as you can see."

And she was right. Belle expertly slid on the pole with one hand while untying her top with the other, discarding it to reveal that her boobs had become slightly larger since we last met. They were still pretty small compared to mine of course, but they were now a firm C-cup. Her butt and legs still remained as athletic & shapely as they always had, and her hair had grown out a bit.

"You're already doing good sweetheart! Now follow my lead!" Cecilia praised her daughter before she tore off her costume in one fell swoop and joined Belle on the pole, continuing to flaunt the MILF bod I had fucked back at Amethyst Springs.

"Holy shit, I'm getting so hot." I panted nervously while my dress began to get a little messy from my pussy. "Uh, I got a question girls. There was another woman that showed up before them and looked a lot like me. Who was it?"

"Oh, Andrea Meyer? Really popular here." Karen answered. "Pretty much everyone of both sexes want to bang her. And who could blame them? Massive tits, sexy athletic build, the single sexiest ass in town, and I hear she's a nudist too! So in a way, she's kinda like an older you Amby."

"Yeah, that's exactly why I asked." I replied. "You think you could introduce me to Andrea?"

"Yeah, I'm sure you'll get along great!" Karen accepted. "By the way, I should be onstage soon. Wanna come with?"

"Alright then." I obliged and was dragged by the hand as Belle & CeCe left the stage after finishing their dance.

-

"Okay everyone, it's time once again for our favorite Chindian babe: Karen Mishra!" the DJ called up for Karen next as she got ready behind the curtain while Shut Up & Dance started playing. After I had given Karen a passionate good luck kiss, she quickly got to work on unzipping her dress on her way to the other side of the curtain.

"Hey everybody, ready for some more of the good shit?!" I heard her call out to her fans from backstage, followed by cheering aplenty. I snuck a peek out the curtain, where Karen had fully taken off her dress to reveal the only thing she had on underneath were a pair of red heart pasties covering her nips and began twerking for the horny audience.

"Friend of hers, aren't you?" a beautiful deep voice called out. There she was, the woman known as Andrea Meyer who caught my attention when I first came here. Just like I imagined, she seemed to resemble an older version of me. We shared the same short red hair, beautiful blue eyes, large chest and beautiful ass, but she also had a mole close to her left eye and her thick thighs had some muscle to them. "What's your name cutie pie?"

"I'm Amber Martinez. We're in the nudist sorority Alpha Zeta Zeta together at J. Oscar." I answered while beginning to sweat a little. "I assume you might know her too?"

"Oh absolutely!" Andrea exclaimed. "Outside of the club, we've actually gone out for coffee once or twice. She's a real nice and energetic girl. Not to mention a real sex kitten if you catch my drift. Mind if we take this to my dressing room?"

"Oh I'd very much appreciate that." I agreed getting up from my seat and turning back one last time to see Karen, onstage & having the time of her life up there.

-

"Welp, here we are Amber." Andrea announced as she showed me her dressing room. Compared to the rest of the backstage, she kept it pretty clean all things considered.

"Pretty nice place you got here Andrea." I remarked in awe before I heard a faint zipping sound coming from the back of my dress. "Uh, what are you doing?"

"You like being like this, right?" Andrea purred into my ear before my dress fully came off and she ogled my body. "It's alright, I'm a nudist too. When you're a stripper like me, wearing clothes only to take them off seems kinda pointless."

"Yeah, does seem pretty pointless now that you tell me." I said before I found a velvet couch to sit down on. The material felt so good against my smooth skin and the sight before me made the experience better.

"So, what do you like to do naked?" I asked Andrea as she did her makeup in front of her vanity, with her ass in full view of me.

"Well, I love working on my tan at both the nude beach and the Amethyst Springs resort." Andrea answered while continuing to doll herself up. "I also love swimming, doing yoga in the buff and even streaking at night when I have my off days."

"Oh fuck, really?!" I exclaimed in surprise as I got up and stood beside her. "Does anyone see you?"

"Maybe two or three people just barely saw me." Andrea answered with a sly grin. "Keyword being barely."

"Wow, now I want to try streaking at night!" I exclaimed in awe at my older double. "You think I could work here with you and Karen this summer? This club could give me more opportunities to explore sex."

"Oh that would be wonderful Amby!" Andrea exclaimed. "Aside from the poles, we got private rooms, gloryholes. Heck, we even have our own little cam show in the back! You'd fit in pretty well. In fact, I'll make sure to tell the MC that we'll be performing together."

"That's so nice of you!" I squealed giving Andrea a hug from behind. "We're gonna make a really good pair."

-

"Ladies and gentlemen, we got quite a scarlet special tonight!" the MC roared. "Joining the attractive Andrea Meyer on stage, we got another redheaded hottie who comes all the way from J. Oscar University just like our new favorite Karen! Please welcome Amber Martinez!"

Funky techno music blasted as Andrea and I emerged from behind the curtain. I was back in the dress I wore to dinner, but it was a bit looser thanks to the zipper on the back nearly being undone. Andrea on the other hand had a simple bra on along with bell-bottom cut-offs that accentuated her ass quite well.

"Just follow my lead sweetie." Andrea whispered to me. "Gotta tease 'em a little bit before getting to the real good stuff."

"So like this?" I asked giving my zipper a little pull, which incited some hoots and hollers from the men closest to where I was onstage.

"Give us more ya PAWG!" a black man commanded. "Show us that cute ass!"

"Gimme the dress you sexy teen!" another white guy added excitedly.

"Like I said, just keep teasing them." Andrea instructed me before strutting her way to the pole. "Now follow me."

As the audience continued cheering, I spied on Karen making out with Monica while sneaking a come hither glare at me. Meanwhile, Andrea was already making a scene on the pole like I assumed she always did and had already taken off her bra while working her shorts down. "Don't be shy Amby, step right up." she beckoned me.

"REDHEADS, REDHEADS, REDHEADS!" the audience cheered as I took to the pole and put my gymnastic abilities to the test. I pulled off some impressive splits, flips and twirls to their amazement and with a careless pull of a zipper, my dress was off & my bare body left exposed.

"That's right, everything is all natural." I bragged seductively while showing off my big boobs and ass to the excited masses. "Took a lot of hard work to get a body this curvy and gorgeous, and being a nudist made me love it even more than I already do."

"Great to see more people confident in their looks." Andrea agreed with me. "Now come on Amber, let's dance!"

And so, Andrea and I spent the rest of the night dancing at the Jiggling Balloon for all the aroused people in the audience. I can already tell I'm going to have fun at this new job.

-

"That was some of the most fun I had all night, or even ever!" I cheered as Andrea and I returned backstage. "Thanks for letting me dance with you Andrea."

"Pleasure's all mine Amby." Andrea warmly replied with my pet name while she handed me my dress. "Why don't you find your friend and you two can go back to J. Oscar?"

Suddenly, loud moaning came from behind a door with Karen's name on it. When we opened the door, we found my best friend in the midst of a lesbian orgy with the Longs and Monica. Belle was eating out Monica while CeCe was getting scissored by Karen.

"Hey babe!" Karen panted in the midst of her tribbing. "Didn't see you there! I wanted to invite you to my dressing room after your show, but Monica distracted me so she took me instead. You can still join if you want!"

"What makes you think I'll say no?" I quipped before lowering my vulva onto my girlfriend's face and she quickly began licking like mad. "Oh my god, you work fast!"

"Now that's what I call pleasing a woman." Andrea remarked cheekily. "Speaking of which, come here CeCe."

"Oh you vixen!" CeCe purred and the two older women kissed passionately. And so, the orgy began anew with Andrea and I now added into the mix. She continued Frenching CeCe while Belle fingered her anus, and Monica made her own threesome with Karen & I as the two of us continued to fuck like mad. Orgasms rang out across the room multiple times and the carpet was stained in our cum, and even started smelling a bit like it too.

By orgy's end, all of us women were lying nearly passed out on the floor, panting in ecstasy. Karen and I laid next to one another exhaustedly gazing into each other's eyes. Then Karen finally spoke. "Happy birthday Amber."

"Thanks for the awesome present Karen." I replied and for one last time, we kissed passionately before collapsing in each other's arms.
