"So help me God, Daniel, if you say that tastes like chicken…" Jack began, but Daniel laughed.

"It is chicken," Daniel said, "well, plus some teeth." They were still sending out hunting parties, and the most recent one had found some birds that looked a lot like chickens. A lot more so than the domesticated fowl they had bartered for, which were bright pink. The pink eggs tasted the same, though.

"Hallo, boys," Vala said, plunking down next to Daniel with her bowl and cup. Like many aspects of the camp, the dishes were slowly becoming a mix of the original military-issue stuff they'd started with and things people had made in their spare time. Daniel thought the trend made the place a little homier—and if they ever did get home, he had the foundation for a paper about the evolution of modern social groups outlined in the back of his head. "How's the food?"

"Tastes like chicken," Daniel said, not even flinching when Jack kicked him under the table. "How's the packing going?"

Vala dipped a slice of bread into her stew. "Just finished. Thought I'd reward myself with dinner."

"I'd gotten used to sharing my space," Daniel said. "What with Teal'c and Cam with their crews, and you moving in with the diplomatic folks, our little house is going to be so lonely."

"Quieter, certainly," Jack said, and Daniel was gratified that he yelped when Daniel kicked him. "She's going to be across the yard, Daniel, not across the galaxy."

"This week," Daniel said. "Does anyone know what Sam's planning on doing? Is she moving in with the other scientists?"

"The civilians seem to have set up their own little commune," Sam said from behind Daniel, and he almost jumped. She rounded the end of the long table and sat down next to Jack. "I'm not sure I'd fit in that well. I was just going to stay put. If that's alright," she added carefully.

"Why wouldn't it be?" Jack said quickly, but Daniel could see the slightest bit of tension around his eyes. He'd been looking forward to having Jack to himself, too. "The original-original SG-1, back together again."

"Sounds good," Sam said. She took a bite of her stew. "This really does taste like chicken."
*
Daniel barely stifled his laugh when he walked into his hut and was greeted with the sight of Jack attempting to sew something. "What are you doing?" he asked.

Jack untangled his fingers and tossed the whole thing on the floor. "I did say that everyone was responsible for stitching their own mattress…bag…things," he said. "Mine isn't going so well."

Daniel shook his head and picked up the pile of fabric and thread, sitting down on the corner of Jack's cot. He untangled the mess and started to stitch along the seam. The whole thing was a piece of fabric that was folded in half, stitched together on the other three sides, and filled with dried grass. They were roughly equivalent to Japanese futons.

"I didn't know you knew how to sew," Jack said.

"Nothing complicated," Daniel said. "But when you only have a limited number of clothes, you learn how to mend any tears yourself."

"You know everything, don't you?" Jack said, leaning his head on Daniel's shoulder.

"You know I'm faking it half the time." He fell silent, focusing on the project in his hands and the weight of Jack's chin on his shoulder.

"So, enjoying having some privacy?" Jack asked, and Daniel smiled.

"I don't think I've been alone with you since we got here," he said, turning his head slightly for a kiss, sweet and slow. They certainly hadn't done this in a while.

"One of the drawbacks of being in charge," Jack said. He took the mattress bag out of Daniel's hands and dropped it on the floor again. "Someone always wants my attention." He kissed Daniel again, a soft, welcome-home kind of kiss.

"Well, now I want your attention," Daniel said, digging his fingers into Jack's hair. He was wearing it a little longer than usual, and Daniel liked it.

"You've got it," Jack said against his mouth. They tugged and twisted until Jack was leaning against the wall with Daniel straddling his lap. With Jack's arms around his waist, Daniel felt more at home than he had since they'd left Earth. "You've always got it, really."

"Flirt," Daniel said, tugging Jack's head back and nibbling on his neck. "How long do you have until you have to be somewhere?"

"Dinner's in an hour," Jack said, sliding his hands up the back of Daniel's shirt. "And Carter usually has to be dragged away from her lab for meals. We should be safe until then."

Daniel attacked the buttons on Jack's jacket. "I plan to take advantage of it." He got back to the serious business of kissing Jack until neither of them had enough breath to continue.

With a little bit of contorting, Daniel soon had Jack stripped to the waist and was able to get his mouth up against Jack's skin, nibbling along his collarbone. He was half-naked, too, and it felt wonderful to have Jack's hands against his skin.

"Daniel," Jack whispered into Daniel's hair.

"Mm?"

"Want you so much," Jack said, slipping his hands down the back of Daniel's pants, smirking when Daniel gasped. "Please."

"Need lube or something," Daniel hissed. "It's been too long to even consider doing it without."

"Should have something in my pack." Jack shifted one hand to start working on Daniel's fly. Daniel leaned over and rummaged in Jack's pack, coming back up a minute later with a tube in hand. "There you go."

"Sneaky bastard," Daniel said, kissing him. Dropping the lube on the bed, he sat back just long enough to strip off the rest of his clothes before climbing back onto Jack's lap. When Jack tried to move, Daniel put a hand on his chest to push him back. "We're doing this my way."

Jack groaned softly, and Daniel reached between them to unfasten Jack's fly. He tapped Jack's hip, and the man lifted up just enough for Daniel to push his pants and boxers down over his ass. He twisted the top off the lube with one hand and squeezed some on Jack's fingers. Jack brought his fingers up to rub Daniel's asshole and made a kind of choked sob.

Now it was Daniel's turn to moan, muffling the sound in Jack's hair. Jack prepped him expertly, but his hand might have been shaking, Daniel couldn't quite tell. Soon enough he gripped Jack's shoulders tightly to stop him. "Do it now," he gasped.

"Are you sure?" Jack asked. He was breathless, too. "I don't want to hurt you."

"You won't," Daniel said firmly. "But if we don't do this now, I'm going to come."

"Isn't that the point?" Jack said, with that wicked eyebrow waggle, but he shifted to position himself beneath Daniel. "Ready?"

Daniel went to brace his hands on the wall behind Jack's head and then changed his mind; the last thing they needed was to take down the wall. Instead, he gripped Jack's shoulders and nodded. He felt the head of Jack's cock nudge into place and pressed down, hissing at the stretch. Jack looked concerned, but Daniel shook his head. "'S fine. Don't stop."

Jack grunted and Daniel continued to push down, until finally his ass was pressed against Jack's thighs. He sighed contentedly and rested his head on Jack's shoulder. "You alright?" Jack asked, sliding his hands over Daniel's back, looking for tension.

"I'm wonderful," Daniel said, shifting to kiss Jack's neck. "Just give me a second." Jack turned his head and they kissed, hot and dirty and with lots of tongue.

Suddenly, Daniel heard a noise from the doorway and sat up quickly. He turned…and was greeted with the sight of Sam Carter standing in the doorway, mouth open in shock.

"Sam…" Daniel started to say, but she turned and fled.

"Well, crap," Jack said, leaning his forehead against Daniel's shoulder. Daniel couldn't agree more.