Hiding in a corner of the local library, Mark felt some comfort return. The smells of hundreds of thousands of texts, dusty equipment and old leather furniture always seemed to relax him, even after the events earlier that day. Most of the time he visited libraries he found himself exploring new books like an addict, constantly craving a fresh experience.
But not today. Today he just wanted to forget.
Mark had always been shy, shy to the point where it interfered with his life in drastic and negative ways. Despite being a fairly average young man, his sensitivity and lack of social graces had always seemed to drag him back down.
He had expected a fresh start by going to his local community college. A place to reinvent himself, to develop friendships and community with others for the first time in his life. He had expected his peers to have grown out of that silly phase of their lives where social status was important, where your relationships mattered more than who you were.
Of course it couldn't just be that simple.
Amber Hill was a local sorority girl, a genius at the social level who held connections on every level of campus life, and was a stunning brunette beauty. In other words, the antithesis to Mark. He had trusted her, for some God- forsaken reason, when she told him that a classmate he had been crushing on liked him back. Amber had even pushed him to ask this girl out in public (every young woman wants to be asked out in public, didn't you know that?).
So it came as a complete shock to Mark when, instead of accepting his request for a romantic relationship, the girl laughed. Laughed in his face. Laughed alongside Amber. Laughed alongside the entire assembly of students and their sick joke, even as a cooler full of Gatorade was dumped on his head from behind.
So Mark was fine being alone in the library, still sticky from the grape- flavored drink and free to ignore the world. He had everything he normally wanted around him, from nice books to a comfy bean bag chair. However, even his makeshift sanctuary couldn't keep out his darker thoughts; Should I even try? What's the point in livi-
There are few things as painful as a book falling from a great height onto your head. As it impacted Mark's skull, it somehow managed to drive its hardest corner into the most painful spot it could find, thoroughly distracting him from whatever he had been thinking about previously.
"Yeow! Where did that come from?!"
Given the day he'd been having so far, Mark fully expected that someone had purposefully beamed him in the head with the hard tome. However, as he looked around, he quickly realized he was well and truly alone.
"Huh. Even the books have to hate me today, I guess."
Picking up the text, it was one he hadn't seen before, with a glossy black finish, obviously well made, and titled in a sweeping golden font:
"I'm Sorry for Your Pain, I Promise It Will Get Better."
Wow. What a load of shit. The cosmic forces at play were surely just fucking with him at this point; there wasn't even an author claiming to have written it. As he went to the first page to try and find one, however, what he found instead just piqued his annoyance even more.
A snap to grab attention,
A call to force your will,
If done in proper sequence
The victim will fulfill
Whatever you desire;
Your wish is thy command.
The power of this knowledge
Will now rest in your hand.
Mark quickly flipped through the rest of the book, confirming it was empty. It was a strange little riddle; not that anything about the black tome made sense to begin with. What was its purpose? It almost seemed like a guide for mind control, but that would be absolutely idiotic. Why would anyone go to the trouble of making thi-
"...Mark?"
He startled, not expecting anyone to find him, and quickly realized that if someone had to find him on this shitty day, it just had to be her.
Christine was leaning against a nearby shelf, softly curling her blonde tresses with two delicate fingers. Her left arm was crossed across her slim figure, somehow accentuating her already impressive bust wrapped in a soft blue sweater. One leg was lightly crossed over the other, stretching the already struggling ripped denim that clung to her curvaceous figure. Her azure pools rested on Mark, and for the first time since he'd me her, showed annoyance. She took a breath, slowly inhaling through her nostrils, causing both her chest to rise and his attention to sharpen.
"I came to explain why I took part in...that."
She pointed a meticulously painted fingernail at his stained clothes.
"...I've been pledging with Alpha Kappa for the last two weeks; it was my first choice, and I wanted to get in no matter what. So when I was told that in order to climb up in the world I had to push someone else down, my sorority picked you."
As always, Mark was silent. However, he slowly began to feel his chest warming.
"They knew you'd been crushing on me for a little while. Amber was in charge of goading you into asking me out, while I just had to shoot you down and embarrass you as much as I could. We'd both get in if it went well."
As the heat in his chest grew, he noticed the signature pin attached to her breast, a token of her new sorority.
"So while I am sorry for what I did to you, I just wanted to explain that we could never be a couple. You're just not in my league."
And with that, Mark realized what the feeling in his chest was.
It was rage.
Maybe it was the events of the last few hours. Maybe it was the pain of the hottest girl he'd ever seen telling him he wasn't good enough. Or maybe it was years of social abuse and neglect that triggered something in him, that caused him to pick up on those words in that weird little book and run with them.
Mark raised his hand and snapped, as hard and as loud as he could, and while the gorgeous bombshell was shocked at the sudden crack, he spoke her name with a force that surprised even him.
"Christine."
Nothing happened.
She still stood there, as alluring as before, her pinup body posing against the nearby shelving.
However, Mark quickly noted that she was silent; in fact, she had barely moved a muscle since he had called her name. Her gaze drifted across him, flowing from confused, to confident, and finally to...
...something else.
Christine looked at him, a grin creeping across her face. "Yes?"
Mark became increasingly embarrassed. Of course that wouldn't work. What kind of fantasy world was he in, where he trusted the crazy writing of a book without an author? Even as a moment of insanity, it was pretty low.
He dropped his head, somehow feeling even worse than he had before. With that last failure, Mark no longer had a place to vent his anger at Christine. At least, until he spoke, seething the message through his teeth.
"Fuck you."
"...Is that a command?"
A moment passed.
Mark's head shot up, not sure if he had heard her correctly.
He swallowed hard. "...What did you say?"
She looked down at him, her smile broadening as her tongue dragged slowly across her lips. She straightened, striding towards him in two long, sensuous steps before dropping into his lap, her long legs straddling him as he sat frozen in awe on the library floor. Dropping down the last inch onto his hips, her knees were embedded deep in the beanbag beneath them.
She ground up against him, the softness of her body pushing into his in a hundred perfect ways. Leaning in, her lips brushed against his ear as her hands roamed freely around him.
"Would you like to use me? Punish me for doing all those naughty things? Show me that you're more than enough of a man to make me yours?"
As she spoke, her hips ground into his, her smile broadening and his shock increasing with every gyration of her waist. She pulled her head back, licking the tip of his ear before looking into his eyes.
"Would you let me make it up to you?"
He stood up rapidly, Christine sliding off his lap and onto the floor. He quickly glanced around; as was to be expected, the library at a community college was completely empty. He turned back, seeing the beauty who had wronged him begging for forgiveness, for the chance to make amends.
This was too weird.
"Get on your knees. Now."
Smirking, the blonde rose, rising onto her knees in front of Mark, puffing out her chest and staring up into his eyes. This gave him an amazing angle to admire her best features, and he was certain she new what she was doing.
He shook his head, trying to regain some control. "Less than a minute ago, you told me you would never date me; now you're kneeling in front of me begging for forgiveness. Why?"
Christine was silent for a moment, pondering the question. It didn't really make any sense to her; Mark wanted her to do something, so she did it. She also knew how most boys looked at her, so she had guessed he might enjoy it more if she threw in a little bit of sexual allure. Realizing he was still waiting for an answer, she spoke honestly.
"Because that's what you want me to do."
Mark inhaled sharply through his nose. Holy shit it worked. Holy shit holy shit holy shit. How? How on earth could this happen? The number of ways this would affect his understanding of reality-
He came back instantly when he felt a soft hand glide up the inside of his thigh. Staring down in awe, the blonde minx gazed back, a mischievous smile twisting her full lips.
"Anything else you'd like me to do while I'm down here?"
Mark had always considered himself a moral person. He should have considered the implications of this new ability; what it would mean for free will and consent.
But right now, with a gorgeous blonde babe between his legs throwing around blatantly sexual innuendos, he wasn't thinking with the right head.
Mark spoke, his voice shaking. "Pull it out."
Quickly, Christine reached for his buckle, and in one deft move, threw his belt away. Next were the jeans, but instead of simply tugging them to his ankles, she fished his throbbing cock out as she slowly lowered his pants. After staring his length down, she glanced up at him and breathed a hot blast of air onto his glans, her supple lips less than an inch away.
She realized she loved gazing up at Mark, as being in a state of submission like this was arousing her far more rapidly than normal. Her heightened sensuality also caused her to try a new method of heating up her partner.
"Mark? May I please suck your cock like a good little slut?"
Christine didn't get a reply, as she rapidly felt her lips parting and his manhood sliding in.
She smiled, her mouth full of delicious meat as she began to bob her head furiously on his pole. One hand reaching under her sweater to stimulate her breasts, another diving deep between her legs, she quickly found the rhythm best suited for pleasing him.
Mark was in awe; he had never felt anything this amazing in his life. However, he couldn't get his mind off of the fact that Christine had called herself a slut.
And how unimpeachably hot it was.
He wanted more of her degrading phrases while she blew him, quickly thinking up a new command. "Christine, whenever I call you a dirty name or term it will turn you on. You love to be degraded by me, and will degrade yourself from time to time. Do you understand?"
"Mmhmm" she moaned, still bobbing her head down into his pelvis, before slowly sliding back along his length and letting go with a *pop*.
"I'm always glad to gobble your dick like the good little slut I am." she beamed before spearing herself back down onto his cock.
That set Mark off.
He grabbed two fistfuls of her blonde mane, shoving his length down into the back of her throat. Christine loved it, garbling on his dick while furiously mauling her breasts. She had never been so aroused in her entire life, and if she was honest with herself, she had had a submissive streak long before this moment, just waiting to be set free. Now, as she knelt in front of Mark, and as he pulled out of her throat to bathe her in cum, she felt more satisfied than she ever had before, opening her mouth and catching his seed with a look of pure rapture. With the last drops splattering onto her bare skin, Christine gazed up at Mark.
"Thank you, Master."

Falling backwards, Mark came to rest in a nearby beanbag chair, gasping for air with a look of utter bewilderment plastered across his face. Christine Lance, one of the hottest girls he had ever seen, had blown his mind in the absolute best way possible.
Mark decided to forgive her. But as she slinked over and cleaned off the rest of his cock, he realized that by no means was he done with her.
Or the Alpha Kappa Sorority.