"Bella?"

"Yeah? Who is this?"

I gripped the phone receiver in my hand so tightly that the plastic casing squeaked. "It's Edward."

"Holy shit. What the fuck do you want?"

I took a deep breath. It seemed like that's all I'd been doing for the ten minutes it had taken me to work up the courage to call. My hands were shaking. "I wanted to apologise." Silence on the other end of the line. "Bella?"

She made a noise I recognised, a frustrated hissing sound she made when she was thinking. "I'm listening."

She hadn't hung up on me yet. That was a good sign. "Umm... Fuck. Look, Bella, I just wanted you to know that I regret the way I treated you―"

"How did you treat me?"

Fuck. She wasn't going to make this easy on me. Fair enough. I took another deep breath. "I lied. Cheated. Fuck, Bella, I was a complete asshole."

"I can think of a few words more appropriate than asshole. I mean, how many different girls did you screw when we were together, before I finally stopped listening to your bullshit and told you I never wanted to see or hear from you again?"

"Shit, Bella... I have no clue..."

"Give me an estimate. We were together for seven months and I figure you were doing other girls the whole time. Give me a ballpark figure. I want to know."

"Not the first couple months." I couldn't seem to raise my voice above a whisper.

She was quiet for a few beats. "So. Five months of fucking other girls while we were together. I figure, what, one a week?"

Even though she couldn't see me, I hung my head in shame. My face burned. "Sometimes two." I could barely hear my voice, but I knew it would be amplified through the phone.

More silence.

"It wasn't always a different chick. Some of them... um... more than once..." I trailed off, realising that nothing I could say would make it any better. "God, Bella. I am so, so sorry."

She hissed again. "So, what do you want me to say? That I forgive you? That it's okay? You want me to make you feel better? Or have you finally fucked your way through every girl in the city, and you're looking to start back at the beginning?"

"Jesus. No. I just needed... I fucked up a lot of things. My whole life, almost. I hurt a lot of people. Pretty much everyone who ever gave a shit about me. I'm trying to take responsibility, and I don't expect anything from you. I just wanted you to know that if I could take it back, if I could change what I did, I would. But I can't, and I'm sorry."

Bella sighed. "Okay, Edward. I accept your apology. It doesn't mean I forgive you, or that I ever will, okay?" She laughed, but there was no amusement in the sound. "So, what brought this on?"

"I quit. Drinking."

"Shit. Really?" She sounded incredulous. "Wow. I mean, that's kind of... Really?"

"Yeah." I didn't want to make too big a deal of it. It was still a struggle every day. I didn't feel particularly special for having done it, I didn't feel like it was any great achievement on my part. There was one person who stopped me from relapsing, and it wasn't me.

"God, Edward. That's... that's good. You quit completely? How long?"

"Three months."

The silences made me uncomfortable. I didn't know what she was thinking. Over the phone I couldn't guess without any visual clues to guide me.

"I'm proud of you," she said finally, with a little awe in her voice.

"Thanks." I felt like a fraud, really. It wasn't me at all. I was weak. Eminently fallible.

"Thanks for calling, Edward. I appreciate it. Umm... Oh, god, you're gonna regret this in the morning, Bella." She sighed. "We should catch up. I don't know, coffee or something."

I hadn't expected that at all. I didn't know if it was a good idea or not, but I owed Bella. I owed her a lot. "Yeah. Sure."

I was in something like shock when I put the phone down. I almost shit myself when the phone immediately began to ring again. I stared at it, but on the second ring I picked it up. "Bella?"

"Ahh, no." It was a guy.

"Shit. Sorry, man. Thought it was someone else." I didn't recognise the voice. "Who is this?"

"Is Jasper there?"

"No, he shot out for a bit. He'll be back soon. Can I get him to call you?"

He was quiet for a long moment. Jesus, what was it with silences on the phone? I hated phones.

"Uhh... Yeah, I guess. Just tell him Alec called, okay?" He hung up.

I stared at the receiver. "How rude." The front door banged.

I'd just put the receiver back in the cradle when Jasper walked into the kitchen. "So..." He looked hopeful. "How'd it go?"

I rubbed the back of my neck. "Bella? Better than I expected, to be honest. She wants to catch up."

A little crease appeared between his eyebrows, and he pursed his lips.

I shook my head at him as I laughed out loud. "Oh my god. Don't you trust me?" I crossed the room and slipped my hands onto the back of his neck, and then I kissed him, softly at first, but it quickly became heated. He tasted so good. I pulled away with difficulty. "You have absolutely nothing to worry about, baby. Nothing. Okay?"

He chewed his lip, and looked a little embarrassed. He shrugged. "She was your girlfriend, man."

I brushed my thumb over his lip. It was damp and hot. "Past tense. I'm with you now."

Jasper blushed and dropped his eyes. Then he did that thing that drove me crazy. He looked up at me from under his lashes. I groaned, and he laughed.

"You're evil, you know that?"

He lifted his eyebrows in agreement and grabbed my hand. "Nooner?"

My eyes flicked to the clock on the wall. Just past midday. I smiled and let him drag me to our room.

Jasper pulled me through the door by the hand, but once inside, we broke apart, stripping off our clothes quickly. I got naked before he did, and while he was still kicking off his jeans, I grabbed his hips and propelled him backward onto the bed.

One leg of his jeans had bunched and gotten caught on his ankle. I dropped down and tugged them free, and then covered him with my body, pinning his arms and grinning down at him in triumph.

"You win," he breathed. Then he pulled his lower lip between his teeth, and bit down, hard.

I groaned, and kissed him. "You're so easy."

"Mmm-hmm." He wound his legs around mine and shifted his hips. His hard cock moving against mine sent a shiver through me and I involuntarily thrust against him. I wanted so badly to be in him. I pushed myself up off the bed, retrieved a condom and the lube from the drawer on his side, and chucked them down on the quilt before I crouched between his legs.

His ass was right on the edge of the bed, and he pulled himself up on his elbows to look at me. He seemed almost curious with the way his head was tipped to the side.

I smirked at him, then stuck out my tongue and dragged it the length of his cock.

Jasper made a little noise, a gentle hum of pleasure. I grabbed him by the hips and then took the head between my lips and swirled my tongue over the smooth skin. He was salty and sweet all at once, and I loved the taste of him.

He started making more noise—little whimpers that went straight to my dick—and his hips began to twitch. I held him down, putting all my weight on him as I slowly lowered my mouth over him.

He hit the back of my throat, and I gagged a little. I wished I could get all of him in my mouth. But hey, I'd been sucking dick for what? A month? I just needed more practise.

I pulled back and released him, shooting him an apologetic smile. He didn't return it. "Please, baby," he begged, and so I gripped the base of his cock and took what I could back into my mouth.

What I lacked in skill and experience I evidently made up for in enthusiasm. I loved sucking Jasper's cock. I loved making him feel good, loved hearing the noises he made.

I loved the way he would start talking dirty when he got close to coming.

"...fucking dreamed about this every night, baby," he panted as I sucked his cock. His fingers were in my hair, and he guided my head. "That's it, babe. Look at me while you suck me... That looks so good..." His grip on my hair got tighter, and his eyes widened. "Shit, babe... Fuck me... Please fuck me."

I groaned around his cock, and he pulled me off him by the hair. "Now, baby. Please."

My dick got harder, and I wrapped my hand around it as I got to my feet. Jasper begging for me, Jesus, it made me insane. I leant over him and he pulled me down for a hungry kiss, wrapping his legs around my waist and thrusting his hips into me.

I groaned as his cock rubbed against my fingers, and I opened my hand to enclose us both.

"Fuck... You gonna make me beg for it?"

I laughed into his shoulder and rubbed my hand over the both of us.

He dug his fingers into my ass. "Now, babe. I want you in me, your big hard cock in my ass. Come on, fuck me."

I let go of our dicks and pulled away from him. He scooted backward a little, and I rested my knees on the edge of the bed, retrieved the little foil packet that had slipped beneath his shoulder, and rolled the condom on. He passed me the lube and I covered my dick in the stuff, then ran my slick fingers under his balls and over his hole.

He moaned and raised his knees to his chest. "Now, baby."

I lined up my cock and slowly pushed into him. I had to stop with only the head of my dick inside him. He was so damn tight and felt so damn good that I had to catch my breath. "Fuck."

He wrapped his legs around my waist. "More."

I let him pull me inside, and then I stopped again. He stared up at me, panting. "I love you," he breathed.

"Jazz," I gasped out as I began to move inside him. It was the last word I spoke because I couldn't think anymore.

He was everything. The way he looked at me with so much love in his eyes, the way his body held me so tightly, the sounds he was making, the things he was saying. He took me away from everything, and I let him.

His heels dug into the cheeks of my ass and he met me thrust for thrust. Then he pulled me down to him, capturing my lips in a searingly passionate kiss. Our movements slowed to a gentle rocking as we kissed, and his cock trapped between us leaked fluid on my stomach. Suddenly I wanted him to come. I wanted to see him shoot his load all over his chest as he swore and shouted my name while his muscles clenched around me.

I pulled back, lifted his legs to my shoulders, and took his cock in my hand. I began to thrust into him with deep, long strokes as I jerked him off in a gradually increasing rhythm.

I changed my angle, searching for his sweet spot, and when I hit it, I knew. Jasper's head fell back, breaking our gaze for the first time since I'd pushed inside him. His arms were outstretched, his fingers clutching at the quilt, and he started yelling. "Fuck, right there... Harder, baby. Fuck me harder... God, don't stop..."

His come surged in long streams up his chest, each pulse giving an answering squeeze around my cock. I slowed for a moment as I watched him in his ecstasy, and then, releasing his dripping cock, I clutched his waist and began to drive into him with my own orgasm my only goal.

He lifted his head. His lips were open, and he was breathing hard. His eyes were hooded, but bright. "Come, baby," he whispered. "Come for me. Come in me."

I exploded with a grunt and a final deep thrust, and I held him tight as I spilled into him.

"I love you, Edward," he whispered into my hair when I collapsed onto him.

"Thank you," I managed to gasp.

Jasper laughed. "For what? For loving you? That's not hard, babe."

I shook my head. "For..." I struggled to catch my breath and organise my scattered thoughts. "For saving my life."

"Oh." He held my head in his hands and turned it so I was looking down into his eyes. "I would do anything for you, Edward. Anything. You know that, right?"

I nodded, and then nestled my face into his neck. His hair was soft and smelled good. "I don't deserve you," I whispered.

"Sure you do. Especially when you fuck me like that, baby. You're awesome."

~oOo~

"So, who's Alec?" I asked when I had regained my mental faculties and we had cleaned up a little.

Jasper stiffened, and not in the good way. "What?"

I curled a lock of his hair around my finger. "A dude called for you. Said his name was Alec. I just remembered."

He groaned and hid his face in the pillow. "I'm a bad man," he mumbled. "A scumbag of... Edward proportions."

"Hey..."

"Sorry." He peeked at me. "I meant to call him... Then we happened..."

"Oh my god. You used and abused? Jasper, I'm shocked."

"Shut up. Fuck." He screwed his face up. "I'll have to call him."

"Should I be worried?" I teased. One thing I knew for sure was that Jasper loved me.

He pressed his sweaty body against me and kissed my shoulder. "Don't be a dick." He hummed against my skin and pulled me closer. "I only want you."

"Yeah, I can tell." His cock was against my leg, and he was getting hard again. "You wanna go again?"

"Nah." He pushed himself away and slipped out from under the covers. "Come on. Shower."

~oOo~

We were only just dressed and back in the kitchen, foraging for a late lunch, when there was an abrupt knock on the door. Jasper was up to his elbows in bread and butter and tomato and lettuce; so I went to answer it.

I'd expected Girl Guide biscuits or religious pamphlets, I wasn't expecting our old flatmate.

"Hey, fuckface." He pushed past me and walked straight into the house.

"Emmett," I said to his retreating back. "Come on in."

"Jazz, dude," I heard him say before I walked into the kitchen.

"Hey, Emmett." Jasper waved the knife at him, a big smile on his face. I could tell he was pleased to see the guy we'd both once been really close to. "What are you looking for?"

Emmett had his head in the fridge. "Beer."

"We don't have any," I said.

"Yeah, so I hear." He was crashing about, shifting leftovers, a day-old pizza box, and mustard jars out of the way so he could see right to the back. "Huh."

He closed the door and looked at me with narrowed eyes. Then he dragged a chair across the room to get to the cupboard over the pantry. He had a good look, even shoving his arm in and reaching into the dark corners at the back. "Huh."

He jumped down and came straight for me―or for the door, anyway, because he barrelled through it when I stepped out of his way.

"You've been talking to Bella," I said as I followed him down the hall.

"Yeah. When my baby sister told me that the alcoholic scumbag who screwed around on her had quit drinking, I had to see it to believe it."

Jasper hurried after us. "There's nothing in the house, Em. You're wasting your time."

Emmett kept walking. "Do you trust this fucker, Jazz? 'Cause I sure don't, not as far as I can throw him." He burst into the room that had, until a week ago, been mine, though I hadn't slept in it for a month. The door banged against the wall. My heart was beating fast, and I was having trouble breathing. He would know. Straight away, he'd know.

Emmett looked at the bare room. "Huh. You move into my old room?" He glanced at me quickly, then to Jasper and back to me again. "You guys been swimming or something?"

I shoved my fingers through my hair. It was still damp from the shower. "Umm..." I looked at Jasper. His curls dripped dampness onto his collar, leaving dark wet patches on the light grey fabric. The corner of his lips twitched, and his eyes were sparkling with amusement.

Emmett pulled out of the empty room and walked down the hall to the room he'd vacated five months before. He flung open the door and stared for a few moments at the second vacant room in the house. "Huh."

He eyed us both carefully, and then went to the bathroom door. Steam billowed out of the confined space, and the mirror dripped condensation. Emmett kicked at the two damp towels on the floor. "Right."

"Emmett..." Jasper sounded like he was trying not to laugh.

"Hang on, man. One more thing." He headed for our room. He seemed a little hesitant as he reached for the doorknob, his fingers hovering for a moment before he grasped it and flung the door wide. His eyes swept the room a few times, then he stared pointedly at the most obvious new addition. My dresser drawers, placed right beside Jasper's.

"Holy fucking shit." He sounded completely stunned. He turned slowly, and looked from me to Jasper and back to me again. "You know," he stated, slowly, steadily. "I always had Jazz pegged for a fag, but I never figured you for an ass pirate, Ed. You two are fucking, aren't you?"

"Umm..." My face must have been crimson because it felt like it was burning.

Jasper was still trying not to laugh. I glared at him. I couldn't see what was funny about being accidentally outed to the guy who had given me a black eye and a split lip the last time I'd seen him.

Emmett took a deep breath, his broad shoulders rising and falling in an elaborate shrug. "Huh. I guess you've got room for another flatmate or two then? You really off the sauce, Ed?"

"Uhh... yeah?"

Emmett looked at Jasper for confirmation. He nodded vigorously, a huge grin on his face. His dimples were showing, and despite the uncomfortable situation, my heart seemed to beat faster at the sight.

"Right. I'm moving back in. But I don't wanna hear nothing, okay? That goes for fucking show tunes and shit too. And open a fucking window. Smells like hot sweaty sex in here."