Mom Knows Best
By Soromp

It was the mid-nineties. My seven year old girl, Laura, was the older of my two children. Her mother, Alicia, was insistent that I attend Laura's routine medical exam. She wanted me to do everything with the family and a trip to the doctor qualified as everything. There was some reasoning behind my attendance as this was the first trip to a pediatrician since we had moved to a new city. I had no idea that this visit would be different than others in the past and that it would replay in my mind several hundred times over the coming decades.

Alicia and I were seated in the doctor's office while Laura stood by a magazine rack on the wall, paging through one of them. The nurse entered the room with a hospital gown and handed it to Laura. "Take everything off except your panties, put the gown on open in the back, and have a seat. OK?" Laura responded "Uh huh" and the nurse left the room.

Laura did as instructed and we waited. Several minutes later, the doctor knocked and entered the room. He introduced himself, asked some questions, and informed us that a full unclothed physical was recommended based on her age and because her past medical records had not been transferred to the new hospital. Mom agreed with the doctor and I signed a consent form for the exam. I noticed that Laura's body language and face had changed but I didn't think much of it at the time.

Everything went pretty smooth with the exam until the panties came off. Laura had followed directions like a champ up to this point and the exam was nearly over. The doctor had her get on her hands and knees on the exam table, lifted her gown, and dropped her panties down around her knees with one swift motion of both hands. I watched intently as the doctor placed one thumb on each side of her butt crack and pushed her cheeks outward and upward to gain a good view between them. Laura as clearly tensing up but it didn't matter. The doctor was done with her backside and wanted Laura to roll over on her back for a genital exam.

This was the final straw for Laura. She ignored the doctor's requests, opting instead to squeeze her knees together with her feet blocking the view of her privates. Despite a pep talk and some coaxing from the doctor, Laura wasn't budging. The doctor turned to Mom and me. He said that we could either skip this part of the exam or Mom could hold Laura in her lap and help with the exam. Laura was still laying on the exam table with her feet and knees together. She was getting more obnoxious with every passing second and started directing her attitude toward her mom.

Mom didn't hesitate. She told me to bring Laura over to her. I walked to the edge of the exam table, lifted Laura up by her armpits, and raised her up face to face with me. I could see her eyes get as wide saucers. Her legs were still clenched together as I moved her over Mom's lap. The doctor explained that Laura's legs should drape over and around Mom's legs. As I lowered Laura down, Alicia grabbed her ankles and pulled back until Laura's legs bent backward at her knees. That worked perfectly. With a gap created by her bent knees, gravity did the rest of the work. Laura's legs were forced to spread enough to accommodate Mom's legs between them. Alicia pulled the gown off of Laura and threw it on the exam table, telling her that she should never try to hide anything from the doctor.

Mom held firmly on to Laura's shoulders, holding her in place, as the doctor got in position, held his hands out in the air, and instructed Mom to slowly move her knees out that far. Mom did as she was told. I watched in amazement as Mom slowly and steadily spread her legs apart, taking our naked little girl's legs along for the ride. Our girl's facial expression morphed from looking mad to looking disappointed and betrayed as her pussy came in to view. The lips of her pussy gradually stretched and separated and then her clitoral hood stretched apart slightly as well. My jaw must have been on the floor as I watched a perfect stranger stare at my girl's spread pussy, grab her labia and stretch them, feel around them, and shine a pen light at her hymen. We got the "all normal" and the lucky bastard who does this for a living was on his way to lift the gown of the next waiting child.




