Special Delivery
by Tiffany_Parker

Lauren strips for a group of men after delivering pizzas.

Chapter 1 - Lauren

I was 25, married, and working my way through odd jobs. At about 5’7”, I have a slim frame, wavy brown hair that looks great untamed, and I’ve been told I’m perpetually smiling. My husband, a man named Grant, was the straight laced type and worked a day job as an accountant. We were a study in contrasts but made a great couple.

In the past year I had worked for a park management company tending running trails, bartending at a local craft brewery, and as a pizza delivery driver. The jobs provided me the ability to be a free spirited woman and most of what I wanted in a job, which was flexibility, the ability to be out in nature, meet new and interesting people, and most importantly, not tied to a desk job.

Today I was getting ready for work at Luigi’s, a popular pizza joint in my town. As it was in the summer in suburban Memphis, I was dressed in a tight blue spaghetti strap tank top, jean shorts, and worn running shoes that had seen better days. I should have replaced them, but they fit like a glove.

Hopping in my aging hand-me-down pickup truck and throwing my purse on the passenger seat, I worked the clutch and gear shift and drove off for the pizza joint. My shift started at 5 pm and would run until after the pizza shop closed which was typically 11.

I enjoyed delivering pizzas for work. The typically male customers were always pleasantly surprised to open their doors and see a pretty girl with a smile on their face delivering their food. This often resulted in me receiving larger tips than the other delivery drivers.

On the way to the pizza joint, I thought about the house that Grant and I wanted to buy. We were saving up for a 20% down payment which was taking longer than we expected due to some unexpected bills and inflation in the housing market. We could have saved up a little bit faster if I had been working a steady 9-5 gig but there was no way I could stomach doing the same job day after day.

Pulling up to the restaurant, I parked by the side door and walked in the back to be greeted by the wonderful smell of pizza and the heat of the kitchen. It’s a good thing my hair was naturally wavy, because the heat would have caused any straight hair to frizzle.

“Hi Lauren, good to see you,” said Bill, the owner of the restaurant. He was here most days. Today was Saturday, which after Friday was our busiest day and Bill always was here until close to make sure that everything went smoothly.

“Good to see you too Bill,” I responded. “Are the orders busy as usual? I asked.

“You bet,” Bill said. “We should have orders for you to send out in just a couple minutes. This was a welcome development, as I made only a nominal wage from the restaurant and the vast majority of my money came from tips from customers.

Sure enough, a few minutes later I was sliding three orders of pizza into the soft sided container and walking out the back door. I could feel Bill’s eyes firmly transfixed on my ass as usual. He was infatuated with me, but I never let him past anything other than light banter with me. It worked to my advantage as he let me dictate the schedule that I worked to him.

At my truck, I slipped the pizzas onto the passenger seat and walked around and climbed into the truck. I entered the addresses of the deliveries into my phone and set off to deliver the pizzas while they were still hot. Thank gosh for GPS on mobile phones. I’m horrible with directions and before that, there would be no way that I would be able to deliver pizzas in a reasonable time frame.

Pulling up to the first house, a one story ranch, I parked on the street and grabbed their pizza, a large pepperoni and walked to the door, and rang the bell with a smile on my face.

A minute later a 50 something guy, with a thinning hairline and bulging waistline answered the door to see my smiling face and holding his pizza up high in the palm of his hand. The look on his face instantly perked up upon seeing me.

“Hi Sir,” I said. “One large pepperoni pizza?”

I could feel him look me up and down before responding. “Yes, that’s it missy. What do I owe you?”

“$14.50 sir,” I said, while arching my back to give him a good look at my protruding tits..

He reached in his wallet, pulled out a $20 and handed it to me. “Keep the change, girl” he said, handing the money as I gave him the pizza.

“Thank you so much Sir!” I squealed in an excited voice. “That’s so kind of you!” This was unlikely to be my biggest tip of the night, but it was a good start, and all I had to do was smile and chat for a minute.

He took his pizza inside, but didn’t close the door. I turned to walk back across the grass to his truck, figuring that he was admiring my form on the way there. I had a suspicion that he would be ordering from Luigi’s again soon.

My second stop was a larger home. There were two cars in the driveway, so I figured it was a family ordering dinner from that and the fact that their order was for a large cheese pizza and garden salad. I couldn’t flirt with married men as much since their wives would probably disapprove and maybe even complain to my boss.

Ringing the bell, a tall early 40s man answered to see me holding their pizza and salad.

“Order from Luigi’s,” I said. “One large cheese pizza and a garden salad?”

“Yes that’s it,” he said, his voice not betraying any interest in me. This was fine, and I simply quoted him the price of $22.50 and walked back to my truck with a $3.50 tip in hand. That wasn’t bad, but was more in line with what the other delivery drivers got.

Making my way to the third delivery, I found it was an apartment building. I had to use the intercom, and walk up three flights to make the delivery. He answered the door in an untied bathrobe and gave me a $2 tip for my troubles. I’m not ashamed that I spit in his food the next time I made a delivery to his apartment.

Hopping back in my truck in a huff after the third delivery, I sped out of the parking lot, cutting off a sedan before returning to Luigi’s.


Chapter 2 - Making the Deal

I had calmed down slightly by the time I got back to Luigi’s. Fortunately another order was almost ready to go so I didn’t have time to stew in my own juices. Although it would have been nice to vent to someone.

The next order was for three medium pizzas, one sausage, one pepperoni, and one bacon. The order caught my eye as it promised to be a house of guys partying, watching sports, playing video games or doing some other form of male bonding for the evening.

That boded well for me because I could flirt with them and hopefully get bigger tips as a result. Hopping back in my truck, I sped out of the parking lot and toward the address.

Arriving at the address, I parked outside an old two story colonial home. Grabbing the pizzas, I walked toward the porch and demurely pressed the doorbell. I struck a seductive pose like before, put a smile on my face, and waited.

Not even thirty seconds later, a guy about 6 feet tall, with sandy brown hair, and a lanky frame answered the door, with a surprised look at first, but then one of delight at seeing me. I decided to play up the part to him.

“Hi there! I’m Lauren! And I have a special delivery just for you!” I knew that the fantasy of hooking up with the pizza delivery girl was a common trope in porn and I wanted to appeal to those fantasies for a few extra dollars in tips.

“Oh yeah?” he asked. “Well I’m Tyler, and I want to know what’s so special about this delivery?”

I tried to not let his smugness ruin my smile.

“Well Tyler,” I bantered back. “You get the pleasure of me delivering your food.” At this point the pizza box was getting hot in my hand and I wanted to give him the food so I could alleviate the burning feeling.

“Why don’t you step inside and give us a little dance?” Tyler suggestively leered.

I decided to put an end to his banter. The best way to deal with guys was to call their bluff I had always found.

“Honey,” I said. “For enough money that can happen.”

“$200,” Tyler said, without batting an eye. “For me and my two friends. Right now.”

I wasn’t expecting that. I decided to re-raise.

“$450, $100 payable now,” I said. “But after my shift. These pizzas don’t deliver themselves. Two dances each, and I’ll do it topless.”

I wasn’t really expecting him to take my offer.

“Deal,” Tyler said, peeling off $150 from his wallet and placing it in my open hand before taking the pizza. “That should cover your deposit and for the pizzas. When does your shift end?”

“Umm, 11”, I said, stammering in surprise at his acceptance of my offer.

“Well we’ll see you then Lauren,” he said with a wink and nod before shutting the door in my face.

Returning to Luigi’s I contemplated what I had done. I had made similar deals with customers before, but it was usually ones I knew better. Still though, I was never one to shy away from a little bit of fun.


Chapter 3 - Returning to Tyler’s House

The rest of my work shift went fast as Luigi’s was deluged with orders, and I was hustling to keep up and make my deliveries. In the back of my mind was the deal I had made with that confident little prick Tyler.

To this day, part of me thinks he would have paid even more had I quoted him a higher price. Still though, while my tips had been good that evening, $450 was a lot of money, and I wasn’t about to turn it down.

Done with my shift for the evening, I drove back to Tyler’s house, eager for the opportunity to earn some extra money for the evening. While I hadn’t initially expected him to accept my offer, teasing men like him was easy, fun, and would prove to be good money.

Parking on the street in front of their house, I pulled pink lip gloss and mascara out of my purse and applied it, using the rear view mirror as my truck didn’t have a mirror in the visor on the passenger side.

Getting out of my truck and walking toward the door, I loudly rapped on it as opposed to ringing the bell. While I was going to strip for these guys, I always found that knocking on the door was a more assertive way to establish my presence.

Tyler answered the door with a smile on his face. I had a confident but seductive smile on my face.

“I’m happy you’re back,” Tyler said. “We didn’t know if you were all talk.”

“I’m never all talk,” I seductively answered. “You better not be either. I get the rest of the money before I start.”

Reaching in his pocket, Tyler pulled out the remainder of the $450 we had agreed on and handed it to me. Not one to take a stranger’s word, I counted out the money to find it was all there, before placing it in my purse.

“Good,” I said. “Now you should know my boss knows exactly where I am in case you or the others try anything funny.”

Tyler seemed slightly taken aback which was what I wanted. They would get their money’s worth, but I wanted it clear they wouldn’t be able to take liberties with me.

“Ummm, of course not,” Tyler stammered. “We just want a good time.”

“And you’ll get one,” I said, patting him on his cheek, before pushing my way past him into the house. “Now let’s get set up.”

We quickly determined that the garage would be the best place as it had a metal support pole I could dance on. A couple years back, my bestie had gotten me lap dancing lessons as a birthday gift on a lark. Never one to shy away from an experience, I eagerly took the lessons, and now I was getting good use of them in my current job.

The guys set up folding chairs to sit on and turned on some techno music to set the mood. Upstairs in the bathroom, I stripped out of my shirt, shorts, bra and took off my shoes. Looking in the mirror, I looked over my mostly naked body and smiled. This would be great. $450 for about a half hour of private dancing.


Chapter 4 - Dancing

Stepping out of the bathroom, I went to open the door to the garage. Confidently, and with a smirk on my face, I slowly strutted into the garage, toward the guys, my nearly nude body on full display.

I could hear the guys hoot and holler when I came into their view. Arriving just short of the guys, I struck a pose with my hand on my hips and my head cocked.

The guys were sitting on folding chairs arranged in a semi-circle around the pole in their basement. The pole itself was slightly wider than I would have preferred, but it had more than enough height to it. I could make do with it, and give the guys a good show.

Walking toward the guys, I circled around the back of them, tracing my hand across each of their shoulders as I walked on the balls of my feet. Their heads turned to follow me. It was such a turn-on to have the men focused on me, and the real dancing hadn’t even begun.

After circling the guys, I jumped on the pole, swinging around using my elbow and leg to hook myself on the pole. I held the pose, facing them and arching my back to give them a good look at my tits. Despite my slim frame, my boobs are good size and fairly perky, and always have been maybe my best physical feature.

The cheering from the guys indicated to me that they enjoyed the show. Sliding down the pool, I turned to face it, grabbing it up high with my hands and shaking my ass at them. I had purposely worn thong underwear when getting ready for work today knowing how good my ass looks in it.

Looking back at them, I slapped my ass. Hard. The sound reverberated through the room. Turning and lowering myself to the ground, kneeling on it, I seductively bit my lip and looked each man in the eye while fondling my own boobs, pushing them up and together. I imagined each guy was fantasizing about rubbing their face in them of using
their dick to titty fuck me

Once again I jumped up on the pole, only instead this time, wrapping my legs tightly around the pole in a figure four grip, allowing me to lean back to face the guys and look at them upside down. This was my favorite position and I intentionally saved it for last in the private dances as I felt it gave the guys the best view of my nearly nude body.

I held the position for approximately 30 seconds, my thighs and abs burning with each passing second. Finally I dismounted out of the pose by leveraging my hands off of the floor, and flipping my legs over my torso. Once upright, I stood right before the men. Judging from the looks on their faces, they were enthralled with my performance so far, and the lap dances hadn’t even begun yet.

I decided to start with Steve. Grasping each of Steve’s shoulders, I twerked my hips before straddling him, coming face to face with him. Through his basketball shorts, I could easily feel his erection. Looking him in the eye, I grinded my ass back and forth on his erection and I could hear his breathing increase from the attention I paid to his dick.

Lifting myself up higher, I firmly grasped the back of Steve’s head and firmly rubbed my boobs in them. When I figured he needed to catch his breath, I let him go, stood up, spun around, and dropped my ass into his lap several times, grinding on his dick each time. From there it was time to move onto Jeremy.

Jeremy, by far, was the most muscular of three, but maybe the most shy. I was intent on bringing that out of him. Strutting before him, I seductively licked my lips and danced like a harem girl right between his legs.

While facing, away from him, I lowered my ass on his throbbing erection and grinded mercilessly on it. Grabbing his large meaty hands, I brought them to my tits, and begged him to massage him. He was shy at first until I used my hands to firmly press his hands into my chest. His skin was rough, contrasting sharply with the soft skin on my body.

I could tell he was getting close to an orgasm, but I didn’t want him to cum quite yet. It would break the mood if one of them came so early. Spinning around, I climbed in his lap, wrapped my arms around his broad shoulders, and whispered seductively in his ear, “No cumming so soon. Be a good boy, and hold your load for me. For now.”

I actually felt his dick twitch. It was probably a minor miracle that he didn’t cum right then and there. I figured it would be best to finish up his first dance right then and there.

“I’ll be back sweetie,” I whispered. “Don’t go anywhere.” The twitching of his dick, indicated he would stay put like a good boy.

Tyler was next. I had intentionally saved him for last. Walking over to him, I stood before him noting the smug look on his face. I needed to put him in his place before the end of the night.

Straddling him, I looked him dead in the eye, with a smirking and seductive smile on my face. Reaching for his right hand, I slowly guided it from the top of my chest, slowly downward, lingering at my breasts before continuing down toward my nether regions.

I stopped his hand barely an inch before the top of my thong. I could tell he wanted me to bring his hand down further, and I could feel his frustration building at being denied the opportunity to go further.

Wanting to tease him, I whispered in his ear, “You actually thought I would let you touch my snatch. You must be kidding. Though it’s cute how desperate you are to touch me.”

Sliding his hand off to the side, I turned around and started grinding my ass back into his dick. Hard. There was no choreography to my movements. It was just a bump and grind session. I worked until the end of the song. The twitching from Tyler’s dick told me I had him close too.

Going back to the pole, I slowly walked around it, more confident than ever in my abilities to seduce these men. They were truly eating out of the palm of my hand. I decided to pull my most advanced pole trick out of my bag.

Wrapping my right leg up high on the pole, I grasped the lower portion of the pole with my right hand and inverted myself on the pole. Smiling back at the guys, I could see the infatuated look on their faces.

I could feel my hair and tits hang down due to the forces of gravity. I grasped the pole tightly, not wanting to fall on my head. When enough time had surpassed, I swung my legs around and rose to my feet, winking back at them.

Returning to Steve, I placed my right leg over his shoulder and brought my underwear clad pussy dangerously close to his face. Lingering, just enough to give him a scent of myself, I slowly removed my leg, making eye contact with him the whole time..

Climbing back in his lap, I whispered in his ear, “I know you loved that, your dick couldn’t be any harder. Bringing my tits to his face, I loudly instructed him to suckle on them. He picked the left one to start and used his tongue to flick on my nipple as he sucked on it with his lips.

Breaking off, I turned around and once again began rubbing on his ass. After my earlier treatment of him, I could feel his dick twitch, on the verge of orgasm. Leaning back into him, I whispered in his ear, “Cum for me. Now,” as I snaked my hand down to manipulate his dick through his pants as I said it.

Predictably the combined effort of my teasing with my voice and hand, caused Steve to spasm violently into his underwear. He tried to hide it from the others, but they were watching intently, waiting their turn, noticed him cumming, eager for their chance to orgasm as well.

“That’s a good boy,” I seductively whispered in his ear as I patted his chest muscles with my hand, before moving on to Jeremy. I climbed up on his lap rubbing my petite body into his large barreled chest.

Turning around, I twerked my dick right on his ass, as I brought his large hands around, and brought them down toward my panties, stopping right before his fingertips touched the fabric. I was impressed by how much bigger his hands were than mine.

From Jeremy’s breathing, I could tell he was close to orgasm again. While I could have dry humped him into orgasm, I wanted to give him something better. Turning around, I once again kneeled in his lap and began to rub his face in my tits. I could tell he was excited.

Moving my face toward his ear, I lightly nibbled on his ear and neck, while grinding my body across his dick. I knew it wouldn’t be long now. I decided to help him inch across the finish line.

Whispering in his ear, I teased him, “Come on big guy, soil yourself for me,” I said as I continued grinding myself into his dick.

Jeremy grunted loudly as he orgasmed, spewing his creamy cum into his shorts. Smiling at my success, I patted Jermey’s chest in approval and moved onto Tyler.

He still had that dumb look of superiority on his face, like he was somehow better than me. Well, I was having none of it. Walking around the back of him, I traced my hands across his shoulders and down his torso as I breathed lightly right past his ear.

I had him close to orgasm the first time, now I just needed to bring him over the edge. Grabbing his arms, I pulled them behind him, and then using a nearby piece of rope, quickly tied his wrists together.

Circling around Tyler, I stood before him, and bent over, giving him a good look at my cleavage as I placed my hands on his cargo shorts, just an inch or two from his erect dick. Whispering in his ear, “Now I can do my dance without your grubby hands getting in my way. If you’re good, I might let you cum.”

Turning around, I plopped my ass onto his dick, with all my weight. Then I grinded back and forth on his dick, massaging it, as I ground my hands into his legs. When I could tell he was getting close, I stood up, turned around, and struck an assertive pose, with my right hand on my hip, and my legs cocked.

Tyler looked up at me, eager for his release. The prior smug look on his face was subdued but not gone entirely.

Breaking from what I had been doing with the other guys, I addressed him in a voice loud enough for the others to hear.

“So Tyler,” I asked, “Do you want to cum?”

“Yes of course” he blurted out, his eagerness readily apparent.

“Then ask my permission sweetie,” I said nonchalantly, as if I didn’t care if I came. In truth, I really didn’t. I had given the guys what they paid for and then some.

“Can I cum?” Tyler quickly asked.

“Not unless you truly ask my permission,” I responded, having fun at my little game. I think my teasing of him in front of his friends was actually a turn on for him.

Tyler took a deep breath, before sincerely asking of me, “Please Lauren, can I have your permission to cum?” I really need to relieve this pressure.” His voice truly sounded like he was whining. It was more than good enough for me.

“Well since you asked so nicely,” I said before walking over and bending over and bringing my hand to the prominent tent in his shorts. Just before touching his tented dick, I stopped and pulled my hand back before whispering his ear, “You know what? I have a better idea.”

Stepping back, I raised my foot and brought it to his dick,using my toes and the sole of my foot to massage his dick. His look of eagerness quickly changed to one of shock and surprise, but shortly following that one of pleasure, as my foot massaged his dick just fine.

He was quickly on the verge of orgasm, gasping in deep breaths. I wanted to look him directly in the eyes as he came but his head was rolled back in pleasure. He came with a loud gasp after not even a minute of my foot massaging him.

I smirked at my ability to bring him to heel. Kneeling over I whispered in her ear while he was still catching his breath and in the glowing aftermath of his orgasm. “Looks like someone has a naughty little foot fetish. I think you came harder than any of your friends.”

I patted him on his cheek, before excusing myself.

At the door to exit the garage, I turned my head back and said, “Well guys, you got what you wanted and then some. You’re all very fun and naughty but I have to get going now. You have fun without me.”

The guys all muttered their goodbyes to me, spent from our activities, their pants a mess. I walked through the door and back to the bathroom to get dressed and return home for the evening. I should have been spent as well, but I was too excited and frankly horny to be spent myself.

I was actually tingling all over and my nether regions wanted nothing more than to get fucked by Grant. After getting dressed, I hopped in my truck again and drove home, eager to jump into bed with him.


Chapter 5 - Returning Home

As I returned home late that evening, my clothes reeked of pizza, like usual. As I entered our apartment, I didn’t encounter Grant in the living room. I figured he was in the bedroom studying for the CPA exam on a Saturday night like a dork. A loveable and cute dork to be sure, but still a dork.

Sitting on the bench, I took off my shoes and socks, before wiggling out of my shorts and panties before pulling my shirt over my head. After my little performance from earlier, I desperately craved some sexual attention from Grant, and I didn’t want to give him a chance to say his studying took priority over my needs.

Grabbing my purse by the strap, I stormed into the bedroom and tossed it off to the side, and jumped up on the bed, straddling Grant. While he had seen me do this before, it had been a while since I jumped his bones quite this aggressively.

I tried to press my boobs into his shirtless chest, but his hardcover book got in the way. I tossed it off to the side, and pressed my lips firmly into his as I tightly grasped his taut body. Grinding myself into his hips, I could feel his cock rapidly hardening.

While continuing to make out with Grant, I could feel his arms wrap around my back and embrace me. He was only about an inch taller than me, and about 20 pounds heavier than me, but it always felt good to be in his embrace. I reciprocated by grinding even harder across his hips.

When I felt that both of us were sufficiently worked up, I maneuvered myself off Grant and slid his basketball shorts down his legs. His erect 7 inch stick stood at attention pointed straight at the ceiling. I smirked at how easy it was for me to turn him on.

Spreading his legs, I bent forward from my knees and made a show of licking the precum off of his dick. Parting my lips, I took him in, savoring the taste of the head of his dick. Predictably, Grant moaned as the attention my mouth was eagerly giving to his dick.

Over the course of our relationship and marriage, I had learned all the tricks and secrets to providing Grant oral pleasure with my mouth. I never understood women who refused to provide their man oral sex, and then complained about their husbands not being attentive enough to their needs.

Swirling my tongue around the head of Grant’s dick, I could feel his breathing increase, a sure sign that he was enjoying my fellatio skills. Parting my mouth even further, I worked my way down the shaft of Grant’s dick, making eye contact with him the whole time before stopping at the base, and lingering, showing Grant his whole dick was enveloped in my mouth.

I knew from our dating days, that Grant greatly enjoyed being deep throated by me, and had actually told me I was the only girl who had deep throated his cock. In reality, I think he only had maybe two other girls suck his dick before I had met him. But he was kind enough to keep his pubic hair trimmed so I wouldn’t be confronted by a mess of it while sucking his dick. Not that it would have stopped me.

After holding myself at the base of his dick long enough, I slowly removed my mouth from his dick and set about licking the shaft of his dick. Grant especially enjoyed it when I licked, starting at his balls all the way up to the head of his dick in slow deliberate strokes.

I have to say I enjoyed it too. As I worked his dick, I was wet and desperately wanted attention from him. Figuring I had given his dick enough oral attention for now, I climbed up and positioned myself over his dick, facing him with my hands on his chest.

Realizing what I was doing, Grant placed his hands around my narrow waist to guide my down onto his dick. It was my turn to moan as he dick slowly entered me. Sure enough, damp as I was, it wasn’t long until his dick was buried to the hilt inside of me. I gasped at how good it felt inside of me. It was like Grant’s dick was built to perfectly fit inside my vagina and hit all the right places.

Shifting my hips back and forth I cried out in pleasure at how good his dick felt inside of me. This was always a little bit of a battle between me and Grant when we fucked in the cowgirl position. I preferred side to side motion and Grant preferred me to slide straight up and down on his dick.

He was happy enough to oblige me for a bit, before he used his hands and superior strength to maneuver me straight up and down on his cock. It was a turn on having him assert himself even when I was on top of him. I gave into his desires and started slamming my rounded posterior into his hips, hearing him cry out in pleasure.

From my vantage point above him, I could see the deep pleasure he was experiencing at that moment. His head was resting comfortably on the pillow, his eyes were rolled into the back of his head, and his face was contorted in a way that exhibited the pleasure he was experiencing at that moment.

Lowering myself, I pressed my boobs into his bare chest and started nibbling lightly on his neck. From our years together, I knew this was a sure way to make him cum in short order. I hadn’t cum yet, but it seemed like he was close, and I was bound and determined to put him over the top.

Grant knew this as well, and apparently wanted to make sure I came as well. Using his strength, he flipped me over onto my side of the bed, and positioned himself above me with a smirk, as if to say, I wasn’t finishing him off that easily. His erect dick was pointed right at me and glistening with my pussy juices.

I thought he was going to dive right back into my vagina, but he instead flipped me over and slapped my ass in a show of dominance. I yelled out, squealing in both excitement and surprise. I wiggled my cute bottom back at him, desperate for his dick to be back inside of me. As wet as I was, his dick would slide right back into me like a hot knife through butter.

After sliding a pillow under me, Grant positioned himself at my slick hole, and predictably slid right back in, eliciting a soft moan from me. Shortly thereafter, I felt his pelvis pressed against my ass.

I knew what was about to come next. Grant pulled out and slammed back into me, making me squeal in delight. Through our relationship, he had found out that I loved it when a man roughly entered me from behind. My inner feminist always hated that I loved this, but it was such a turn on being taken in this way.

I could feel Grant linger while he grabbed my hair, slightly pulling my head, back and firmly grasping my hip with his other hand before he slammed into me again, once again causing me to squeal in delight.

“You like that, don’t you?” Grant asked in a tone that conveyed he already knew the answer.

Breathlessly, I screamed out, “Yes, please! Keep going!” To be greeted with his dick slamming inside of me again.

I couldn’t last long like this, and within a couple minutes, I was cumming hard on Grant’s dick, squealing in delight and writhing beneath him. The tightening of my vaginal wall on his dick was too much for him and had him at the brink as well.

Summoning the words in the throes of my own passion, I cried out, “Cum in me Grant, cum in my slutty pussy!”

My dirty talk was too much for him, and he spasmed violently, shooting white hot cum inside of me. Cumming always seemed to take a lot out of Grant, and after he finished emptying his balls inside of me, he slumped down onto the bed beside me. I smiled at him, noting the satisfaction on my husband’s face.

I figured now would be a good time to bring up the money I had earned tonight.

“You were so great sweetie,” I said, cuddling up to him. “I came so hard on your big dick.”

Smiling at his sexual prowess, Grant responded, “You were good too sweetie. You look possessed when you came in the bedroom tonight.

Blushing, I responded, “I just really needed you tonight babe,” before kissing him on the cheek. “By the way, here are my tips from tonight,” I said as I reached into my purse and gave him my tips. They were rolled and held together with a rubber band. Grant managed the money in our household and always did a great job at it.

Grant examined the roll of bills before commenting, “You must have done good tonight babe.”

“There was a group of hard up guys that paid for a show,” I told him, smirking. “I gave them a show that they won’t soon forget.”

“That’s my girl,” Grant said, before tightly and warmly embracing me.


Postscript

Thanks to Grant and mine’s hard efforts it wasn’t much longer before we were able to afford the down payment on the house we wanted. The day we moved in, I wore him out in an attempt to christen every room of the house.

Shortly thereafter, we started a family together, and my days of delivering pizza were over as I devoted myself full time to our children.

I hope you liked this story. I would be interested in comments or feedback that you may have.
