Amy the Exhibitionist 
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the previous part. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.


Part 5

This part is about my last year at school.

But first a few basics about my body and my best friend.


My body
I’ve grown a little taller but I’m happy to say that I’m still quite slim. My breasts are still a ‘C’ cup and still as solid and pointy as ever. No droop whatsoever, which is a good job as I haven’t worn a bra for months. 

I’m still plucking out every pubic hair that gets long enough for my tweezers to get a grip on.  


Katie
Katie still isn’t quite as brave as me when it comes to her exhibitionism. But she’s getting there. When she’s with me she’s great and we have lots of fun; but when she’s on her own she sometimes chickens-out. Not sure if I’ve mentioned this before, but Katie has stopped wearing underwear, trousers and shorts as well. We often wear each other’s clothes.

Katie’s breasts seem to have stopped growing as well. They’re the same size as mine, but not as ‘solid’. She openly admits that they have rounded lower halves, unlike my ‘cones’. They’re very nice to play with. 


School
Our school has a rule that pupils in their last year don’t have to wear school uniform, so you can guess what I’ve been wearing. Yep, short, miniskirts, and tops that have had the male teachers and older boys staring at me. I love it. Katie has been wearing similar clothes for school and she tells me that she’s almost permanently wet with all the attention she gets, just like me.

Even though History has never been one of the subjects I chose to continue it, I still went to the classes. The first time that I went after we chose our subjects the teacher looked surprised that I was there, and told me so. I told him that even though History wasn’t one of my core subjects, I wanted to keep ‘showing’ my interest in the subject. I emphasised the word ‘showing’ and the teacher smiled and asked me if I would be using the same front row desk. I smiled back and went and sat at the same desk. I don’t know how that man managed to get through the lessons with him staring at my puss most of the time.

PE is one of the subjects that both Katie and I opted-in for. Three reasons, firstly for the exercise, secondly it was an opportunity for flashing, and thirdly, it was an excuse to be in the girls changing room and therefore the showers (see Part 1 – The School Gym) after the girls gym classes had finished. 

At first some of the girls were a little shocked that I wasn’t wearing anything under my PE skirt, and I got a few snide comments; but as the weeks went on, first Katie, then another, then another of them started wearing PE skirts and a few of them stopped wearing knickers as well. By the end of the last year there were 14 girls in the class and 10 were wearing PE skirts and 7 of us went commando.


Sometimes when we were playing hockey, some of the boys would come and watch. When they did, Katie and I would ‘accidentally’ trip up near where they were standing. For some strange reason we always ended up on our backs with our legs wide apart. Katie told me that she had a little orgasm one time when one of the ‘hot’ boys was staring at her bald puss. Windy days seemed to distract some of the boys from their football and rugby and we often had an audience watching our game.


We had a new PE teacher for our last year, another young woman in her early twenties. When she realised that I wasn’t wearing knickers she stared at me, probably a bit of a shock. At the end of that lesson she called me into her office. She told me that as long as she didn’t get any complaints I could continue going knickerless. I thanked her and told her that I was happy because I no-longer owned any knickers. She told me to be careful if I was going around the school in short skirts and no knickers. As I walked out Katie was outside the door and she told me that the teacher had a big grin on her face. 

During those Gym lessons we frequently ended up in positions where our skirts were up round our waists. Just about every time, the teacher would be close by and watching. Both Katie and I are convinced that she’s a lesbian.


School Cleaners.
One day Katie and I were wasting sometime in the school library when a cleaner came in. Katie said that she wondered if male cleaners went into the girl’s gym changing rooms. That set us thinking and planning. 

We knew that there was only one cleaner at school during the day and that others came in just after the kids left. We’d seen them.

We tried to think of an excuse for us to stay back after school and finally decided that we could pretend to want to join one of the after-school clubs if anyone asked. When school ended that day we went to the girl’s changing and discovered that it was empty and that the gym teacher had gone home. We went in and worked out what we were going to do next. We decided that since the gym was empty we would get changed into our PE kit and go and have some fun in the gym. It was easy to get the big rope out.

As we got changed , walked into the gym and as I started climbing the rope we worked out that if a cleaner came in, great, if none did, then still great, we would have a few orgasms on the rope and leave. Our plan never got any further than that.

I was at the top of the rope when this middle aged cleaner came in with a big brush. He stopped and stared at us. Katie said that we were just getting an extra workout and that it was okay for him to continue. He grunted and continued to the other end of the gym. As he got closer to us I had an idea. I quickly undid my wrap around skirt and let it fall. As it started to fall I screamed and shouted “Oh shit!” As the man looked up at me I started sliding down the rope with it pressed hard against my pussy. My clit bounced along the knobbly bits and I came before I reached the ground. 

I lay on the ground still shaking with my legs open, my skirt a couple of yards away and the man and Katie staring at me. After a minute or so of no one saying anything or moving, I got up and said, “I’m okay, thank you for asking,” and went to my skirt and put it back on. The man walked away. 

Katie went up the rope next. As she orgasmed coming down she screamed. I guess that the man thought that it was because she was coming down, not because she was cumming.

We had a little think and decided that it would take the man about 10 minutes to sweep the gym. What could we do to fill that time was the problem until Katie thought of handstands.

Well, we were both knickerless and wearing skirts that we knew would end up round our bodies if we went upside down; and loose fitting T-shirts.

We pushed the rope back against the wall then had a competition to see which of us could walk the furthest on our hands. Up we went and down came out skirts and T-shirts. We were laughing and giggling as we set off down the gym towards the man. I think that I was the first to walk out of my T-shirt, but Katie walked out of hers shortly afterwards.

The man was trying to ignore us but he kept looking over towards us.

Katie fell down first, and then I did, into the crab position. We got back up and continued. Then I remembered that I can balance better if I open my legs wide. My gaping pussy pointing to the ceiling as we passed the man. He even turned round to watch us.

Katie got to the wall first and we lowered our selves down and stood up. I bent over and put my hands on my knees as I got my breath back. My naked breasts hanging down.

Then Katie said, “Race you to the other end – on our hands.” Up we went and were off. Katie had seen that I was balancing better by keeping my legs wide apart so she did as well. We went either side of the man whose eyes quickly darted from one to the other of us. 

I won that race and we went to get showered straight afterwards. We walked out topless, forgetting our T-shirts.

We took our skirts and trainers off and went into the shower. We were still there, kissing actually, when the cleaner came into the changing room carrying our T-shirts. He shouted hello but we ignored him and carried on kissing and caressing the others buns. We heard ‘hello’ again, this time louder. I looked over to the doorway and saw the man holding our T-shirts. I broke away from Katie and we both walked over to him without covering-up at all. We took the T-shirts from his outstretched hand, thanked him and Katie gave him a kiss on his cheek.

We put our T-shirts on a coat hook and went back to the shower. I looked back and saw that he was still watching us. Still looking at him I rubbed my hand down over one breast and over my pussy and loudly said that he could watch for as long as he wanted. He turned and walked out. We never saw him again.


Student Gym Teachers.
About two weeks before the end of the year, the teacher came into the changing room as we all arrived and told us all that the lesson was going to be different on 3 counts. Firstly, because the maths lesson after PE was cancelled because the teacher was off sick and that there were no other PE lessons that day, those of us who wanted to could stay for a double lesson. Secondly the lesson would be run by 3 student teachers; and thirdly, the student teachers would be running a series of exercises to record how flexible and nimble girls our age were. I asked if it would be a fair sample as all the over-weight girls had opted-out of PE for their last year. I was told not to worry about it.

One of the other girls (Maddy) that had started wearing a PE skirt and no knickers asked the teacher if she could sit out of the lesson. When asked why, she said that she didn’t have any knickers with her. The teacher got mad with her and told her that she had to be in the lesson and that it was her fault if she was ill-prepared.

Shortly after that a young woman came into the changing room and went to talk with our teacher.

Watching the other girls get changed I saw that 2 of girls that had stopped wearing knickers kept their thongs on and the 5 others (including Maddy, Katie and me) were commando.

When we went into the Gym there were 2 young man there dressed in gym kit. Maddy again asked our teacher if she could sit out and was told that she couldn’t.

One of the male student teachers told us all to sit on the floor while he explained what we were going to be doing. As we sat crossed legged Indian style I made sure that my little skirt was up and my bare pubes was visible. I noticed that Katie did as well.

The man was nearly at the end of his talk when he suddenly realised that he could see my bare pubes. He went bright red but continued talking. I’d been watching all 3 of the student teachers during the talk and the other man got a tent in his shorts too. The woman hadn’t seemed to notice our state of dress.

Our normal teacher had been in the gym with us during the talk and at the end she asked everyone if everything was good, then left saying that she might check in on us later.

The 3 student teachers then put us through a whole load of tests / exercises and made notes on their clipboards. The male student teacher had already explained that some of them might seem a little child-like but necessary. But if we got into the spirit of it all then we would have some fun.

The more interesting of the exercises were: -

Bending and touching our toes without bending our knees.
This was the first exercise and all 3 student teachers were confronted by 7 bare teenage girl’s backsides. 2 thongs – remember. All with legs spread a bit. 
The 3 student teachers got together behind us and had a little discussion. I could over-hear bits of what they were saying and it was obvious that what they were talking about. I over-heard ‘lock’ and ‘doors’ and one of the men went out of the gym and came back a couple of minutes later and told the other that our teacher had told him that she knew about our state of dress and that everything was okay.
We were then told to stand up straight.

Running on the spot for 2 minutes.
No problem except for the ‘big’ girls and those (like Katie and me) who weren’t wearing bras. My nips had gone rock hard as soon as I walked into the gym and seen the 2 men, and the running was making them even harder and a little bit sore.

Star jumps.
That certainly opened our pussies.

Running to the other end of the gym and back.
We were all timed for this, and by the end, my T-shirt, and most of the other girls were sweaty and clinging to us.

Crabs.
We were all told to lean over backwards and land in the ‘crab’ position. Those of us wearing short PE skirts discovered that this left our pussies exposed and wide open because our feet were apart. 
The 3 student teachers walked in amongst us making notes and looking at us.

By that time my puss was VERY wet and very swollen. I could feel my clit poking out. None of the 3 could have failed to notice.
From my head upside-down position I could see 2 tented pairs of shorts and 3 flushed faces. Was the young woman enjoying the sights as well? I was certainly wondering.

Cartwheels.
We all had to take it in turns to do 3 cartwheels in one continuous run down the gym. The inevitable happened and by the time we got to the end all of the skirted girls had their skirts up round their waists.

Headstands.
Now this was fun. 
We were split into groups of 3 and took it in turns for each of the groups of 3 to do the headstand. The other 2 had to stand close by and help the girl doing the headstand get up straight. 

When we were told what we would be doing I quickly realised the one group of girls would be one person short. I quickly grabbed the nearest girl, Maddy and pulled her over to the nearest male student teacher and asked him to make up our 3. He looked around and soon realised that one of them would have to join us. He said he would and we moved into an open area. 

When we were told to start Maddy said that she would go first. Now both Maddy and I were wearing loose fitting T-shirts that weren’t tucked into the waist band of our skirts, without bras. I don’t think that Maddy realised what would happen. As she went up her skirt fell to her waist and her T-shirt went round her neck and over her head. Her skirt didn’t slide past her breasts so they were on display as well as her pussy. She let out a little squeal and started to drop her legs but both the teacher and I grabbed an ankle each and kept her upside down. As she tried again to drop her legs I started to pull her legs apart. I think natural instinct got the better of the teacher and he pulled outward as well. We both got a great view of her wet bald pussy. Maddy struggled again and we slowly let her down. Her face was bright red.

It was my turn next and I was upside down in a second. My T-shirt dropped and covered my head and my short skirt went inside out. Fortunately it wasn’t long enough to reach my breasts so all my goodies were on display.

Now I’ve always been good at balancing so standing on my head was easy. I even opened my legs wide the back and front almost into an inverted splits position. The male student teacher and Maddy just stared at my shiny, aching, swollen pussy. After a couple of minutes I realised that everyone else was standing up looking at me. I dropped my legs to the floor and stood up letting my clothes drop back into place. The teacher said ‘very good’. I think that he was talking about my balance.

Next was the turn for the third person in each group to do a headstand. The teacher was reluctant to do it at first but after a bit of persuasion up he went. His shorts went up a bit, but not enough for me to see his balls. I did see a wet patch on the front, near his waist band.

When I realised that I wasn’t going to see anything I looked round the room. There were 2 more pussies and 6 tits on display. One of the pussies was one of the girls that normally goes commando but had decided to wear her thong today. I could see all of her pussy as the thong had disappeared inside her pussy lips. I wondered if she realised.

Handstands.
Another one that I enjoyed.
One by one we had to stand on our hands then see how far we could walk on them. All 3 student teachers watched and timed us. I don’t know why they couldn’t have got 3 of us go at once, but I wasn’t complaining. 

As we lined up to start Maddy whispered that she didn’t want to do it because the 2 men would see her pussy again. I whispered back telling her to enjoy it, that I knew that I would.

The 10 girls that were wearing PE skirts all showed what they weren’t wearing underneath their skirts for varying lengths of times, although Maddy and 2 others fell over after only a few seconds. 7 of us had our pussies on display, even the 2 who were wearing thongs because they had both turned into wedgies with the little triangle above their slits and the strings hidden in between their pussy lips. 

Out of the 14 of us, 8 had loose tops on and these fell over our breasts. 6 of the 8 were not wearing bras and 2 of us (Katie and me) were wearing skirts that didn’t fall far enough to cover even part of or breasts.

All 14 of us kept our legs apart to some degree for balance but all were enough to give everyone a good display. All 7 of us had completely bald pussies.

As I said earlier, I’m quite good at balancing things and I was able to stay walking on my hands for ages. After all, I’d done it before in the gym.

As soon as I was upside down on my hands my skirt went towards the ground and my T-shirt followed it as far as it could go. The movement of walking on my hands soon had it round my elbows. This was restricting my movements so I walked out of it leaving it in a pile on the floor.

As I walked around I opened my legs quite wide to get better balance. I even walked right up to the student teachers with all my goodies fully on display.

Eventually I decided that I couldn’t stay up any longer and went right over into the crab position right in front of the teachers.

Someone threw my T-shirt to me and I put it back on.

Rope climbing.
The best of all.
I suppose they were testing our arm strength. One of the thick ropes that are suspended from the ceiling was pulled out and we each had to see how far we could climb up. We lined up. I was about fourth and Katie about tenth. The 2 male student teachers stood at the bottom of the rope to catch any girl that fell while the woman took the times and heights.  

I did quite well and got very close to the ceiling. I enjoyed the men looking up my skirt as I went up. At the top I needed a rest and wrapped the rope round one leg for extra support. As it went round that leg it went between my legs and was pressing on my pussy. I quickly realised that by easing the grip of my hands there was more pressure on my clit. I was experimenting with this when the woman teacher shouted for me to come down.

I slowly slid down the rope letting the knobbly rope rub against my clit. Because of all the earlier exposure I was close to having an orgasm and that rope was just what was needed to take me over the edge. When I was still about 2 yards off the ground it hit me. I screamed, lost my grip and fell. I was still in mid orgasm as 2 sets on men’s arms caught me and lowered me to the ground. I was still shaking as they stood up and looked down at me. My skirt was still up and my throbbing pussy staring up at them. They didn’t know what to do and just stood there looking at me. 

The woman teacher came over and pushed one of the men out of the way. She kept asking me if I was okay, and did it hurt anywhere. I was so dying to say that the only thing that was wrong was that I needed a big cock inside me as soon as possible.

Needless to say I didn’t say that and I was soon walking back to the lines of girls.

I stopped when I got to Katie and she said, “Have you just cum?” I smiled and asked her if she saw how the rope was wrapped round my leg when I slid down.

When it came to Katie’s turn she did exactly as I had done and as she slid down I could see that telling expression on her face. Katie made it to the ground on her own, but her legs gave way when she let go of the rope.

The 2 male teachers were staring down at a second pussy that was in the throes of an orgasm. 

This time the female teacher didn’t go over to Katie and one of the male teachers put out his arm to help her onto her feet.

Katie had a big satisfied grin on her face as she walked passed me.  

Vaulting Horse.
Our school gym has a vaulting horse and it was brought out along with some sponge landing mats and the little trampoline that is used for the students to jump over the horse.

First we all had to just bounce on the trampoline and jump over the horse without touching it. We all managed that easily though some of the landings were a bit awkward.

The trampoline was moved about 2 yards away from the horse and we all had to bounce on the trampoline, jump as far as the horse with our legs wide apart and put our hands down between them. The idea was that our hands handed on the horse and that our feet were far enough apart for us to get over the horse.

Thankfully the teachers had put a couple of the mats in front of the horse as 2 of the girls didn’t make it.

The trampoline was moved to about 1 yard from the end of the horse. We then took it in turns to bounce on the trampoline, spread our legs and hopefully get right over the other end of the horse. 

I deliberately didn’t bounce hard enough and I landed about half way along the horse, one leg either side and my pussy pressing down on the horse. As I got off I noticed quite a few other ‘snail trails’ where some of the other girls hadn’t made it.


After this exercise the student teachers let us have a 10 minute break and we all went to get a drink of water.

We were all talking about the 2 hot male student teachers, how embarrassing it was having our pussies on display and how much of a turn on it was being on display like that. 

Two of the girls that were wearing knickers under their PE skirts and one of the girls getting a wedgie from her thong, all went to the toilet and came back with their underwear (bras as well) in their hands. I guess that they’d seen the pleasure that we commando girls were having.


Sit-ups.
When we went back into the gym we were all told to lie on our backs with our knees in the air, feet flat on the floor and our hands against our thighs. We were then told to do 100 sit-ups. I looked round at the other girls and saw that nearly all of us had our knees and feet about a foot apart. 

With me going up and down my skirt had fallen down a bit and each time my head was up I could see my very wet, swollen pussy with my clit poking out. 

As we counted to 100, all 3 of the student teachers walked in amongst us checking that we were lifting our heads enough. One of the men stood at my feet for ages as my juices seeped out of my pussy and ran down to the floor. As I got up I saw a little puddle.

Upside-down cycling.
Probably not its proper name, but I’m sure that you’ve know what I mean.
After a short rest with us still on our backs we were told lift our lower bodies and put our feet as high as possible. We were told to support our waists with our arms and then pretend to pedal a bike. One of the male teachers asked me if my bike had a saddle 2 feet wide. Apparently that was how far apart my feet were.

Squats.
As a group we all had to do 100 of these with our feet apart at shoulder width. Each time we were down we had to count to 10 before getting up. Each time I went down I could feel my pussy lips part and my clit say ‘hello male student teachers’.

Stomach crunches.
As a group we all had to do 100 of these. Lying on our backs, knees in the air, feet flat on the ground and our hands on the side of our heads. All our knees were wide apart.

When I’d got down to start I’d made sure that my bare backside was on the floor and the front of my skirt at pussy level. With me going up and down my skirt had fallen down a bit and each time my head was up I could see my very wet, swollen pussy with my clit poking out. 

Splits.
The student teachers wanted to see how many of us could do proper splits, right down to the floor. Only 6 of us could. As it turned out, the 6 of us that were wearing PE skirts with no knickers. The problem was that our skirts covered the bottom of our torsos so it was difficult to tell if we were right down. The female teacher told us to raise our skirts a bit so that they could check. My skirt was a wrap round one so instead of lifting it up I unfastened it, took it off and put it behind me to one side. The woman teacher looked at me and said, “Okay, I suppose that works as well.”

Each of the teachers looked between our legs and the floor to check that there wasn’t a gap. Luckily it was one of the men that came to me. As he bent down I lifted myself up a bit so that only my clit was touching the floor. He told me that he wasn’t sure that I was right down. I suggested that he get a second opinion hoping that he would ask the other man. He did, and the other man bent down and looked. His face was so close to my pussy that I could feel his breath. After a few seconds he got up and said that he wasn’t sure either. They called the woman teacher over and asked her for her opinion.

She got down on her knees and put her face close to my pussy. She said, “Hmm!” and slid her hand under my pussy. As her fingers touched my clit I shuddered and gave out a loud moan of pleasure. Everyone was looking at me but I couldn’t help it. That contact made me have another rush and the teachers hand got quite wet. She pulled her hand out, looked at it, smiled at me then put her hands on my shoulders. She pushed down and my puss went flat on the floor again. This caused another loud moan. If she had done it again I was sure that I would have cum.

The teachers were satisfied and did some writing on their clipboards as we were told to get up. When I got up I looked for my skirt but couldn’t find it. I guessed that one of my classmates had pinched it. I wasn’t going to make a fuss so I just told the woman teacher that my skirt had gone missing. She looked me up and down then told me that there was only one more exercise so I could manage without it till the end.

I wasn’t complaining, but I suspected Katie had something to do with it.

Parallel Bars.
This was the last of the exercises, and I have to say that in spite of the sexual excitement I was getting knackered by that time. 
Our school has these for those who fancy gymnastics. The bars are nearly 2 yards off the ground.
The teachers explained that the exercise was to hang from one of the bars by our knees. We then had to bend our waists and pull our bodies up as high as we could 10 times, without using our arms.

The first problem was getting up there. The teachers solved this by moving the vaulting horse over to the bars. We had to climb on the horse, then the bars, shuffle ourselves along then lower ourselves down. We could only do this one at a time and everyone else watched.

As it turned out, all the girls wearing shorts went first. One of them was wearing a loose top and when she lowered herself down it went inside out covering her head. We all watched as she struggled to manage to get her head to her knees 6 times. All the time her breasts were saying hello to all of us and she could not see a thing.

The problem of how to get off the bars was solved by the 2 male teachers supporting our shoulders while we swung our knees up and off the bars.

When it came to the girls in skirts I just knew that the 2 male teachers were in for a treat. I managed to get myself to go last and all the skirted girls were wearing loose tops that fell over their heads. The teachers were treated to the sight of an assortment of breasts and wet, bald pussies. I noticed that when Katie lowered herself down, her legs were quite wide apart and when she admitted defeat she took ages to lift her legs up and over the bars.

The last exercise by the last person of the day was me. As I climbed up on the horse I caught my top on something and stretched it a bit. That gave me an idea and I discreetly stretched it some more round the neck part.

As I shuffled into the right place my skirtless, bare ass was pointing at everyone. When I looked over to them, every pair of eyes was glued to my naked ass. That sent a little shiver through me and rush to my pussy.

When I was in the right position I opened my knees as far as I could then slowly lowered myself down. As I went down I felt my T-shirt go with gravity. As planned it didn’t stop at my neck like the other girls had. Instead it kept going down my arms and off onto the floor. I let out a little fake scream which prompted the female teacher to ask me if I was okay. I was naked apart from my trainers; in front of 2 ‘fit’ young men and a young lady that had been staring at wet pussies for the last hour, and a half and had touched my soaking, throbbing clit. And on top of that my knees were wide apart and my puss was dripping. Of course I was okay. I was delirious.

I really took my time raising my head to my knees. Each time my head came up I looked at my puss and thought ‘god I need something in that.’ I got wetter and wetter. My juices were starting to run down the crack of my bum and down my front to my belly button. Each time my head was down I had a good rest and looked round the room. Right in front of my eyes was the crutches of the 2 men. I could clearly see the outline of their cocks and the wet patches at the top. I so wanted to reach over and grab hold of them. Thinking about this, my total exposure and all that had happened earlier made me cum. I started shaking and moaning. I screamed again and the woman teacher told the men to get me down. I don’t know if anyone other than Katie realised what had happened. It was the first time that I’d had an orgasm without anything touching my pussy.

I had managed 7 pull ups when the men got me down. They moved closer and lifted me up by my shoulders. As I came over and down I let my hands move to the men’s cocks and gave them a little squeeze. Katie later told me that she had seen that move but she didn’t think that anyone else had.

I stood there naked with my chest and pussy pounding. My tits were going up and down as I took lots of deep breaths. After a minute or so I started looking for my T-shirt but it was nowhere to be found. I still don’t know where it went.

The woman student teacher then announced that the session was over and she thanked us all for taking part. We walked to the changing room with me still naked. The 2 men went into the boy’s changing room and I never saw them again. As we went into the girl’s changing room our proper teacher came out of her office and asked if everything was okay. The student teacher told her that everything had gone very well and thanked her. Our teacher then asked what had happened to my clothes. The student teacher told her that they had got caught on something and ripped, but that I was okay.

As the student teacher and I walked on she whispered to me that it was ‘quite a performance that I had put on in there’. Before I could say anything she was off out of the door into the rest of the school.

The girls were all excited when we were in the showers and most of them (including Katie and me) took advantage of being naked to bring ourselves off.
I happened to look over to our teacher’s office and saw that she was watching us. 

I found my skirt with my clothes.

The next time that we had a gym lesson I saw that all but one of the girls were wearing PE skirts and all of us were knickerless. Katie and I also persuaded our gym teacher to let us climb the rope again and left us to it providing that 2 girls stood at the bottom ready to catch the climbing girl if she fell off. I reckon that the teacher knew what we were going to do, and 9 out of the 14 of us had orgasms as we slid down the rope. There was nearly a fight to see who could go first. 


The other thing about being in the top year at school and having lots of free lessons was that Katie and I could plan when the girls gym changing room would be empty just before the boys had a gym lesson. It took us about a month to work it out, the girl’s gym teachers routine, and know when we could sneak into the changing rooms, get naked and go into the showers and wait for the boys to come in.

Katie was worried about getting into trouble the first couple of times that we did it, but the boys weren’t going to complain about seeing 2 naked girls.

Our gym lesson was the last but one period on a Wednesday. We worked out that if we hung back the teacher would leave us to it and go home. The thing was that the senior boys had a football practice after school and would be in the boy’s changing room about 50 minutes after we should have been out of there. 

Those 50 minutes seemed like hours as we sat around naked waiting. We passed the time talking about our bodies, Ben and other boys, and mutual masturbation. When the final bell went we knew that we had about 5 minutes to get into the shower, unlock the door to the boy’s changing room and get wet on the outside. We were both wet on the inside well before we turned the shower on.

Giggling and laughing we heard the door open but ignored it until we heard one of the boys say something. We turned to face them, screamed then told them to fuck off out of there. The first week that we did that they went out and shut the door. The second week they stayed and told us that we weren’t supposed to be there, that our gym class had finished about an hour before. We told them that we were late finishing because we had been told to do a job for our teacher. All the time we were just stood there not trying to cover our tits or pussies. We could see a couple of hard-ons starting to sprout under their towels.

After a minute or so I told them that we were going to finish our showers and it was up to them what they did. Some of them stayed and watched us but others went and finished getting changed ready for their practice.

We did that about once a month throughout the rest of the football season. Each time some of the boys came and watched us, and thankfully they had the sense not to try anything.

The last time we did it was just as the football season ended. But we made it different. Instead of being in the showers before their practice started we waited until it ended. 

We kept quiet until 2 boys came in. They were naked and holding their towels. One of them said, “What the fuck,” and we turned round to face them. As we stared at each other Katie said, “I see that you are pleased to see us,” Both their cocks were rising. We all stood still as more naked boys piled in, all stopping dead as they saw us. 

Eventually I couldn’t stay quiet any longer and I told them that we need to shower; they needed to shower so let’s just get on with it. After a few word between themselves, most of the boys hung up their towels and walked towards us. What an experience, about 15 naked rapidly getting hard cocks moving all around us. If they hadn’t been schoolboys I’m sure it would have turned into a gangbang.

At one point one of the boys shouted that their gym teacher was coming. Katie and I moved behind lots of the boys and ducked down a bit as the teacher stuck his head round the door and shouted for them to keep the noise down.

After that close call Katie wanted to get out so we left. As I went out I brushed my hand against 3 cocks. I was very wet, outside and inside.


Easter Holidays
The weather wasn’t too bad and Ben was at home for most of the 2 weeks. Mum suggested that Ben and I go camping for a few days and agreed that Katie could come with us; on condition that we took both the family tents, one for us girls and one for Ben. Well we took the 2 tents but only one of them came out of its bag.

Although Katie knew Ben and had masturbated for him on video-cam a few times, she didn’t really know him that well. We put that right the first day at camp.

As we loaded Dad’s car he said that he thought that our short skirts were a bit inappropriate for camping and that he hoped that we had packed some jeans. I told him to stop being an old grouch. 

My Dad drove us to a little campsite in a village near the hills and left us to pitch the tent(s). It was a little site next to a pub and only had a few tents on it. 

As we were pitching our tent 3 young men came out of the pub and went to a tent not far from us. They sat outside their tent and watched Katie and I bending over to push the pegs in. Needless to say that by the time the tent was up; all 3 had seen both our pussies.

We went into our tent to get some food and both Katie and I ended up naked. We had left the door of the tent rolled up so the 3 young men may have been watching, we never looked. Ben asked us to strip and we did straight away. He watched us while we ate then Ben stripped and fucked us both. Katie and I were a bit loud and we heard a few ‘encouraging’ comments from the 3 young men. 

In the afternoon we went for a bit of a walk up a path on the hill, through a big wooded area. It wasn’t long after we passed the last farm house that I took my top off, then my skirt. As my skirt came off Katie decided to join me. We walked for about an hour without seeing anyone.

At one point we came across a big tree that had fallen over. Ben told us to go and straddle the tree trunk and grind our pussies into it. I found a knobbly bit and rubbed my clit back and forward over it. I had a nice orgasm looking down the hill to the campsite and wondering if any of the 3 young men had brought binoculars with them.
Katie brought herself off as well. Ben just watched.

On the way back down Katie and I stayed naked right until we saw some signs of life, which wasn’t until we had passed 4 houses.

That night we went to the pub and spent the evening enjoying flashing our pussies and listening to the expected comments about us, and also about Ben being a lucky bastard. 

It was nice and sunny when we woke up, and it still was after we had had a great 3 some. 

I opened our tent door, setup our little stove just outside tent and Katie and I cooked breakfast. The bacon and eggs were well on their way when I remembered that both Katie and I were still naked; and that we had a little audience.

We decided that we had better put something on so we went in and we put on one of the little thong bikinis that I had made. We could no longer be accused of being naked on a public campsite, but the material certainly didn’t cover much.

All the time that were cooking, eating and clearing up we’d had a little audience. They still watched us as Katie and I tried on most of our clothes as we decided what to wear that day. We were in the tent, but the door was rolled up so they could see everything that we did.  It didn’t really take long as we didn’t have many clothes with us.

We didn’t go far that day, in fact only as far as the little kid’s playground in the village. It was set back from the main part of the village and surrounded by trees. We talked a lot about everything and nothing, stripped and messed about on the climbing frame, seesaw, and swings; and fucked again. Ben wanted to see us bring ourselves off upside down on the climbing frame, so we did.

Another evening in the pub followed. We drank a little too much and Ben had all on to get me to keep my clothes on. After that it was fucking, sleeping and more fucking in the tent. One thing was that in the pub Ben kept referring to me as his little sister. That got a few funny looks from the yokels.

Dad picked us up that afternoon and both Katie and I fell asleep in the car. When we got out Dad said that I still looked tired and that I must have had a lot of exercise. I didn’t say anything.

Mum and Dad worked as normal over the Easter holidays so Katie spent quite a bit of time at our house. We didn’t get many clothes dirty, but Ben and Katie knew each other quite well by the time we went back to school. 


End of year party.
Another highlight of my last year at school was an end of year party. One of the girls (Billie) hosted it when her parents told her that they were going away for a weekend.

Needless to say some of us acquired some alcohol and we all had a great time. I’d read on a web site about a girl that pretended to get really drunk and let all sorts of things happen to her that she wouldn’t have remembered if she had actually been drunk. I told Katie that I wanted to do that and after a couple of real drinks Katie started getting me glasses of water, telling people that it was vodka. 

Both Katie and I had gone there wearing floaty short skirts, skimpy tops and no underwear. We didn’t look slutty or out of place because most of the girls were dressed the same, even to the lack of underwear.

I started acting a bit drunk, sitting on the stairs with my legs open or dancing close to a boy and putting his hand on my bum. I even fell over a couple of times letting everyone around see my pussy. After a while I fell back onto a sofa with my legs wide open and my top pushed to one side so that one of my nipples was exposed. 

Shortly after Katie came and sat next to me and shouted that I was drunk and had passed out. She continued saying that I liked to flash people and she pushed my skirt up and undid my top. Katie shouted for people to come and have a look.

That was an open invitation for the boys to come and grope me, and they did. As I pretended to be out cold I felt my tits being squeezed and mauled and my nips being tortured beyond belief. They have never been treated so roughly, but I enjoyed every minute of it. My pussy got similar treatment and was very wet. A point that some of the boys commented on. 

I was loving every minute of it and I knew that I couldn’t last long before I went over the top.

I think it was when I heard a girl’s voice telling me that I was such a slut, and I felt my clit being gently rubbed that it hit me. My body convulsed and I let out a loud scream. I managed to keep my eyes shut and heard one of the boys say, “fucking hell, she even cums when she’s out cold.”  

I think that I actually fell asleep for a bit because the next thing I knew I was being carried and Katie was telling 2 of the boys to be gentle with me as they carried me upstairs. Katie followed and the boys dumped me down on a bed. As the boys left, Katie whispered for me to stay where I was for a bit. Then she left.

I was laid on a bed with my arms and legs spread and my clothes in disarray. My pussy and 1 of my tits was uncovered. I left them like that and started daydreaming about scenarios that involved hunks of men.

A while later I heard the door open and 2 people come in. I didn’t recognise their voices, but they were definitely boys.

The light went on and one of the boys shook my foot. I ignored it and kept my eyes closed. Then my shoulder shook and one of them called my name. Again I still pretended to be out cold.

Next I felt my skirt go up round my waist and 4 hands start to slide all over my body. One of them asked the other what they should do with me. The other said that he didn’t have any condoms with him but that shouldn’t stop them from having some fun.

Those 4 hands groped my tits and puss for ages before I felt my head being turned to one side them my mouth being opened. Then I felt a hard cock being pushed into my mouth. I couldn’t help myself, I sucked.

“Fucking hell, she even gives blow jobs in her sleep.” I heard one of them say. The other said, “Shit, I’ve never felt a pussy so wet.” Then I felt a tongue on my clit.

Wow! I didn’t last long. I came as the boy shot his load down my throat. How I managed to keep my eyes closed and my arms and legs relatively still, I just don’t know. The boys heard my moans even though my mouth was full. 

The cock in my mouth started to go down and one of them said, “Swap ends.”

They did and my mouth and clit were used again. This time the cock in my mouth came before I did, but the mouth on my clit kept going. I had swallowed and my mouth was empty when I did climax. This time I screamed – but kept my eyes closed.

The boys left leaving me to ‘sleep it off’.

After a bit of day dreaming I decided that I should go and find Katie. I arranged my skirt and top so that I looked semi decent and walked down stairs pretending to look like I had the hangover from hell. One girl who was stood with a group of boys asked me if I was okay. I told her that I’d just dreamed that I’d been having sex with 2 men.

The boys sniggered.

I found Katie in the kitchen looking a little pissed. She was very loud and swaying about a bit. She really did look drunk and stank of booze. I took her for a dance and we danced for a while with me holding her up. One of my hands had accidentally (honest) gone up inside her skirt and I was holding her up by her waist with her skirt trapped under my arm. Her head was resting on my shoulder.

I heard one boy say ‘nice ass’ and realised what I had done but I didn’t let her skirt drop. She could thank me later. After about 10 minutes she hadn’t shown any signs of sobering up so I half walked, half dragged her upstairs to sleep it off. When she collapsed on the bed I looked at her and thought she looked great. I decided to strip her just in case someone else went in there. They would see her gorgeous naked body spread all over the bed. I pulled her legs wide apart and left her.

I went downstairs and danced with some girls and some boys. Most of the boys took great pleasure (so did I) in putting their hands up the back of my skirt and fondling my bum and puss. I guess that my not stopping them encouraged them to go further.

Later, Billie (the girl whose house it was) switched off the music and asked what games we wanted to play. There was only one game that the majority wanted to play, twister. The mat was unfolded and the people for the first game were chosen. I’d always enjoyed playing twister in a short skirt and I wasn’t disappointed. My pussy was on display and there were faces right next to it. I also got my face right next to the naked pussy of one of the other girls in our class. She was always a bit of a bitch and the only one who didn’t wear a PE skirt. I hadn’t expected her to be knickerless, but there her bald pussy was, right in my face. I couldn’t resist it. I stretched over and licked it. She collapsed on the floor and was out. She accused me of cheating but everyone ignored her.

After the game I was in ended I was watching another game when Katie appeared next to me. She was sober and said, “I can fake it as well.” I quickly told her what had happened to me and she said, “Me too.”

When it came to Katie’s turn to play I saw that her puss was leaking quite a lot, all the inside of her thighs were wet. When she was out I told her that I could tell that she’d had a good time.

The music went back on and we danced some more. 

It was shortly after that that some of the boys though that it would be fun to lift up the skirts of the girls and pull down, or off, their tops. 

A sort of friendly battle took place with girls struggling to keep fully clothes and boys not wanting to have been beaten by the girls. There was lots of screaming but no one getting upset. It ended up with all of us out of breath and all of the girls having lost most of their clothes; and some (including Katie and me) being completely naked. There wasn’t a pubic hair in sight.

That nice bit of fun sort of ended the party and everyone drifted off home shortly afterwards.  


More to cum in Part 6 – soon

Amy
