Author: Christopher Andrew
Title: Recollection
Summary: Sex on a hot summer morning recalls memories of a sticky threesome.
Keywords: MF MFF rom oral anal
Written: Jan 2002
Revised: Mar 2003


WARNING: This story is an act of fiction that contains graphic sexual descriptions and language. If you are a minor or if you are offended by this kind of material then you should stop reading now. Any resemblance between this story and a real event is coincidental. The participants are imaginary; their actions have no negative consequences other than those portrayed in the story. The story is intended for entertainment and should not be emulated in the real world outside of a healthy relationship.



Recollection (MF MFF rom oral anal)

by Christopher Andrew (christopherandrew AT hotmail DOT com)
http://www.asstr.org/~christopherandrew/


Maybe it was the hot night just passed or perhaps she woke in the middle of some sexy dream, but the desire burning in her loins was furious. Instinctively her hand slips between her legs and gently unfolds her full lips, slipping into the hot wetness inside.

Rolling over she is delighted to see his morning glory standing tall and pointing directly at her. With one hand gently exploring her pussy she takes in the wonderful man sleeping next to her. She is pleasantly surprised, as always, how sexy he is and how lucky she is to be with him.

Lucky indeed, that cock pointing right at her is just what she needs inside her right now. She reaches over and gives it a gentle caress, enjoying the slight jump at her touch as she leaves a trail of her own juices along his length. Rolling over, with her back to him, she slides back into his body, curving her body to fit within his - giving his hard cock a warm home between her ample ass cheeks. Her actions cause him to stir a little and reflexively he pushes his cock deeper into her.

"Hey," she whispers, "do you remember that time I got you to come home early from work?"

He stirs some more, but gives no real reaction.

"Don't tell me you've forgotten?" she continues teasingly. "It was the first time."

"First time what?" he mumbles as he comes to the surface.

"You have forgotten! Surely not the first time I bought us home another lover." she teases grinding back into him.

He's coming to the surface faster now. The memory of that afternoon, combined with the warm curves of her beautiful ass has roused him very quickly indeed. Wrapping his arms around her, "If I recall correctly, I walked through the back door to see your delicious ass waving in the air."

"Mmmm... yes you did. She and I had been warming up for sometime, and by time you arrived we were on the kitchen table and I had a mouthful of her pussy and two fistfuls of her ass. I thought you might be a little shocked, so I tried my best to put you at ease."

"I'm not sure if that's how I'd put it - but reaching out for my cock certainly had the right effect. Standing there watching you eat that young mysterious brunette, with her long legs wrapped round you, all the time you stroking my cock, I wasn't going to complain or even ask questions."

By now the space between her cheeks was very slippery and his cock was sliding effortlessly over her hot ass hole. His hands started to run over her breasts, cupping her full mounds, and squeezing her nipples. Arching back into him she says, "Ohhhh... you feel so hot, I love your long hard slippery cock... you know I don't think she even knew you were there"

"If you eat pussy anything like you suck cock I'm sure she had no idea who was in the room. I introduced my self soon enough."

"Yes, nice and hard you walked up to the end of the table, where her head was hanging off the end, and started to tease her mouth with the head of your cock. She froze up and I thought it was all over, but she got the idea and took what looked like your whole cock almost straight away. I imagined it sliding all the way through her and I buried my tongue in her cunt trying to reach you."

He slides his hand down her belly and cups her pussy in his hand. "She gave great head, but I could not take my eyes off you as you pushed your tongue into her." Sliding his finger between her lips he finds her very wet clit, which he circles continually as he grinds his cock into her. "but she almost bit me in half when you slid your fingers into her and started fucking her like a demon." He uses this moment to finger her own hole now, sliding two fingers inside her while still riding her clit he begins to finger fuck her.

"Ohhhh... she didn't last much longer. Almost immediately I felt her begin to quiver, and the spasms of her cunt milking my fingers grew stronger and faster. I swear... she... would have...  oh fuck... cried out.. u.. if she wasn't so full... of your... u, glorious cock... ohhhhhhhhh...... and when she came... ooo... the taste of her... Oh... juices running down my face... u... U... OHhhh...."

With that vision in her mind, his cock on her ass, and his fingers fucking her cunt, she explodes in orgasm. Still stroking her through it he continues, "That sight almost made me come on the spot, but she lost her head and my cock at the same time. You took advantage though - with one hand in her pussy you took my cock in your mouth and gave it a good licking."

"uhh... I had plans for it."

"That you did!"

"I wanted you slippery and rock hard to make sure she got the best of you, to know what I lucky woman I was to have you. With my fingers still in her cunt I used your cock to work her over - rubbing you over her clit, around her cunt and down to her ass. Using just the head to fuck her was great. She could not stop bucking for more of you."

Lifting her leg he slides his slippery cock between her pussy lips and forces the head of his cock into her. She arches her back and with the utmost restraint he slides his cock all the way in to her hot cunt and begins to fuck her slowly using the whole length of his hard cock.

"Oh baby... I love you inside me... mmmm....   she wanted you inside her too, but I took my man a little lower and started to push into her ass. With a little effort you were soon fucking her ass with the head of your cock and then she wanted you even more. She grabbed your cock from me and somehow she seemed to throw her self towards you and impale herself on your whole cock - crying out to the world in a mixture of pleasure and pain."

"That was it for me. I had to have her, I fucked her with everything I had, grabbing her legs, slamming my cock into her ass as she cried out. I don't remember if she came, but I do remember how tight she was around my cock as I shot load after load of cum into her."

Cupping her breast in one hand and still holding her leg in the other he pushes hard into her, his cock threatening to cum right then. While he continues to fuck her slow, deep and hard he licks and nibbles her neck and back remembering what happened next.

"I loved watching you fuck her, it was nice to take a back seat and enjoy you from a distance, and I loved kissing you afterwards. You tasted all salty and sweaty."

"Having you watching was an extra incentive to perform well and your kiss was so sweet. I took your sweetness and planted it between her breasts, lightly stroking her with my tongue, working my way down her belly, eventually reaching her soaking wet pussy where I lapped up mixture of our fluids. Having my fill I came back to you."

"That taste was like heaven, the pussy I had just licked and the cum which I love more than any other right from the mouth of my man. I could have kissed you for hours. You moved onto my neck and down to my breasts, cupping each in one hand and slowly, succulently sampling each nipple until it almost could stand it no longer."

"You know you have the perfect breasts," he reminds her as he releases her leg and begins to work on both breasts while intensifying the kissing on her back, and the pressure of his cock buried deep inside her.

"Haaaa... but you've always been biased - lucky for me! Just when I thought my nipples were about to explode you moved down, cupping my ass in you hands and taking my whole pussy in your mouth, sliding your tongue up the whole length of my slit and sending shivers right through to the tips of my fingers. Your slow ministrations were devastating."

"By then your friend had recovered and rejoined us. I had so much enjoyed the earlier display, that I had to see you eat each other."

"We were happy to oblige you. From memory your cock was almost fully hard the moment I climbed onto her. You couldn't help but stroke yourself as you watched us, and the more I watched your cock the more I wanted it in me. When you started teasing my cunt, while she devoured my clit I thought I would cum on the spot. What a view she must have had."

"It was pretty good from my point of view too - teasing your wet hole, and occasionally sliding into her mouth was simply divine, but you were the one I wanted and I knew you wouldn't take long. I'll never forget your muffled call as I grabbed you ass and pushed all the way into you, and started to fuck you as hard as I could."

"Fuck me hard now! Let me feel what it was like. Yes... ughhh... fuck yes... harder.... Oh fuck me, fuck me... Ohhhh. Uhh. Uh. Uh. Ohhhhh..... "

With a firm hold on her delicious tits he fucks her cunt hard and fast, knowing that she was replaying the scene in her head of her friend licking her clit while he pounded her pussy. Very soon he felt her cunt begin to spasm and grip his cock tighter. He fucked her as hard and as deep as he could sending her right over the edge into her second orgasm for the morning.

Still stroking her slowly as she comes down he askes, "Do you remember what happen next?"

"Ohhhh.... not right now..."

"Let me see if I can remind you." He slides his still hard cock from her cunt and pulls her up on to all fours, positioning himself behind her and sliding his cock between her ass cheeks. 

"I wanted you both at once, I got you both up on all fours on top of the table, both facing away from me with your legs spread in waiting. I took a firm hold on both of your very pink very wet pussies. Massaging your clits and lips, I worked my hand all over your lovely round buttocks spreading cum of all sorts all around." 

Using his cock he spreads her cum all over ass cheeks, spreading and massaging her buttocks with his firm hands. She is very wet now, and starts to push back into him, he lines up his cock on her pussy and gently fucks her with the head of his hard cock. 

"When you were both ready, I slipped one middle finger into your cunt and then my other middle finger into hers, sliding my fingers between both of your pussy lips and started to massage your slippery cunts." He intensifies his fucking and rubs his thumb around her ass hole. "Then with you both squirming I pushed my thumbs into your ass holes and squeezed you hard as I fucked all four holes at once." With this he pushes his thumb into her ass hole and begins to fuck her using his whole cock.

"You bastard! That feels fantastic.... I remember how good it felt... having both of my holes filled with... your magical fingers and then looking over to see the look on her face... I didn't know what to do... didn't want to know... you were so good... ohhh you are so good... looking over at her like that I wanted us both to come together... you took us so close and left us there for so long..."

"But it wasn't to be, I wanted too be a bit closer to the action. When I pulled out my fingers you both started to kiss and I encouraged you both together and she ended up dropping onto you. You both looked so sexy, kissing, breast to breast, cunt to cunt, both trying to hump each other. The space between you was just too inviting."

"I couldn't believe it when I felt your cock between my lips, you were fucking me there so easily and then it clicked and pushed me right over the edge. Ohhhhh... You were fucking between both of our pussies, doing us both at the same time with the one cock. I had never had such a hard cock rocketing over my clit before... u....  it was unbelievable and at the same time having this gorgeous girl... ohhh, ohhhhhh, uuu.... kissing and fondling me no wonder we didn't last much longer." And with that thought she comes for the third time her pussy strangling his cock in long slow spasms.

"Fuck you feel good when you do that." Pulling out he rolls her over and kneels between her legs stroking his long hard cock. 

"Oh yes baby, let me feel your hot cum on my belly just like that afternoon. Spray me with your cum. Remember how hot it was. Remember how we both came when your shot your hot cum between our pussies and between our bellies. Remember how you licked us clean afterwards. Oh you look so hot stroking your fantastic cock. Oh yes. Cum babby Oh. Ohhh. Oh." His first load lands across her breasts, quickly followed by several more working across her belly, before his full orgasm hits and he lands the rest in her thin pubic hair. 

"Oh baby your so hot come down here and clean me up." Without hesitation and still dripping cum between her legs he leans over her and begins the long slow process of licking his own cum from her gorgeous body.


The End.



Comments to christopherandrew AT hotmail DOT com
http://www.asstr.org/~christopherandrew/
(c) 2002 Christopher Andrew.
