Becky 01 - Lady Voyeur Gets Exposed
by WolfyLikes

Voyeur Becky gets caught.

Becky knew she was nothing special in the looks department. She learnt that throughout school, where the boys barely noticed her, only having eyes for the slimmer prettier girls. Not that she was overly bothered, just some form of attention would have been nice, even the nerdy guys didn't pay her much attention. She knew she wasn't ugly, in fact reasonably pretty but in a plain sort of way, just not enough to compete with the popular girls.

She always seemed to herself to carry a little excess weight, although not fat she'd had a bit of a podgy belly which despite however much dieting or exercise she did wouldn't go away. She wished she had a flat washboard stomach like most of the other girls.

Becky didn't get her first male attention until she was eighteen, even then they were almost a disaster. Her first two lovers could barely finish before they were getting dressed and ready to go home. Becky had filled out quite a bit since school, the podgy tummy was still there but disguised by her magnificent firm 38D breasts and round ass that seemed to last for days. Coupled with her growing her short red hair out really long and her pale porcelain doll-like skin, she'd noticed men paying her more attention as she walked around.

Now twenty years old, Becky had combined her knowing that men liked watching her move now, with her liking to make men get semi-erect and making sure she let them know. Since losing her virginity Becky realised that she liked looking at the bulge in men's trousers. Whether it was heightened by her high sex drive but lack of actual sex, which in combination meant she masturbated a lot, Becky liked the power and excitement she got by knowing men looking at her were getting erect. She wasn't even fussy about who the guy was, how old he was, or how big the bulge looked.

Whether it be leaning forwards while wearing a loose neck top, or bending over with her skirt or trousers as tight as possible, she always made a point of staring at their crotch, then looking them straight in the eye and smiling mischievously. Quite often the startled look on their faces that they'd been caught looking made her even more turned on. Men with their partners usually gave off the best expressions, not knowing whether to keep looking while quickly checking their partners hadn't noticed. A couple of times it had led to sexual encounters with the man she'd teased, which Becky had masturbated over later, using the footage from her webcam pointed towards her bed.

Becky lived with her step-mom Ann. Becky's mom and dad had a very messy divorce when she was very young, and she hadn't heard anything from her since. She'd found out that she had wanted to give Becky up for adoption but Becky's dad changed his mind upon seeing her, bringing her up on his own. He'd gotten with Ann when Becky was five years old, and Ann treated her like her own child. As Becky got into her teenage years she started to unfairly resent Ann more and more, mainly because she was petite and very pretty, just like the girls at school that got all the attention. When Becky was fourteen, her dad had the painful talk with her that he was terminally ill, and Ann was to continue to look after her after he'd gone.

Becky missed him daily, the hurt getting a little easier as time went on. Ann was very good with her, not moaning about her behaviour despite grieving herself. It still took Becky around nine months until she realised how horrible she was being to her, and they cried on each other's shoulders for hours. Now older, they still lived in the same house but only occasionally crossed paths. Becky knew Ann had seen a couple of guys since her dad, but nothing long-term.

One day Becky had had a very productive day on the voyeur front. She'd been to the shopping centre and had teased to erection five different men. She'd bent right in front of one of them, keeping her legs straight as her skirt rode up, then pretended to lose her balance, stepping backwards and putting her hand out to re-balance herself, grabbing a handful of his cock as did so. Her arse rested against his upper thigh, and in a swift movement, she removed her hand and twisted so her arse nestled perfectly against his erection. She looked at his face, giggled, and moved as his wife started shouting at him and called Becky a slut as she walked away. Becky smirked to herself.

She knew how damp that had made her, and looked around to see if there were any public toilets. She didn't see any but did see a very good looking old man with nobody by him. He was hot for his age, he was definitely older than her dad would have been, and the bulge in his trousers caught her attention. She walked to about twenty feet from him and made sure he had her attention. Her mind was racing, and she went a little further than she normally would. Stopping to crouch down, quickly she looked about, hitched her skirt up to her thighs, pulled her thong to one side and flashed him her pussy. His hand went to the front of his trousers where he started stroking, and she looked up and saw him grinning at her. She looked back and his erection was huge and obvious, and despite people walking around them, he did nothing to hide it.

He nodded to her and mouthed at her to follow him. She did so, and he went to the public toilets that Becky had been looking for earlier. He grabbed her hand and raced her into the men's toilets, quickly pulling her into a cubicle. He sat Becky down on the seat, and undid his belt and zip, sliding his trousers down his legs. His erection jutted out, a good eight inches long. Becky slid her mouth onto him, and he grabbed her head and started to fuck her mouth. As impressive as his length was, his performance wasn't. Barely a minute had passed before she felt him coming, most down her throat but a couple of spurts across her face.

Becky stood up, pulled her skirt up and thong to one side, and leaned on the toilet itself, arse primed ready and inviting for him to enter her from behind.

"Sorry love, my wife will be wondering where I am," he told her, fastening up and leaving the cubicle.

"Bastard!" Becky shouted after him, then noticed other men in the toilets were watching.

She put her clothes right and sauntered out of the cubicle like it was a normal occurrence. The whole day had left her damp and unfulfilled, so she decided to head home. She was now left to rue the fact she'd caught the bus to town, her car being in the garage being fixed. On her return journey, she was desperate to touch herself, barely containing not wanting to wait any longer. She had a few odd stares on the bus and didn't know why until she got home, looked at herself in the mirror, and realised she'd done a cum walk as she still had two stripes of cum across her face.

Ann wasn't in the house, so Becky made sure to turn on her webcam. It wasn't so much that she liked watching herself back, it was also that she had a knack for remembering how and why she was so turned on. She'd certainly remember today for being a bumper teasing day. She opened a drawer on her bedside table and withdrew her favourite toy, a vibrating butt plug. It wasn't very big or wide but was very powerful on the highest of its twenty settings, and she could control it from her smartphone while it was inserted. She quickly removed all of her clothes.

The butt plug inserted, she picked up her phone and settled into a comfortable position on her bed. She selected a slower setting for starters and lay there enjoying the sensations of the vibrations. Her hand wandered to her clit, and just as she started to rub softly at it, she heard the front door open and two voices. She lay as still as possible, waiting for Ann to shout out to her. She could hear Ann talking, and a male voice also. The voices got closer as they came up the stairs, Ann seemed very giggly and excited. She heard them both go into Ann's bedroom.

Becky lay silent for a while, then heard the sound of Ann panting and moaning. Curiosity got the better of Becky, even though she knew what she was listening to. She stood up, threw on her nightie, and tiptoed across the landing to Ann's bedroom door. The door wasn't closed properly, leaving enough space for Becky to peer through. She did so slowly and gingerly, making sure neither of them was looking towards the door.

Ann lay across the bed, her head towards Becky. Her legs were bent upwards at the knees, and Becky could make out a head of hair between her legs. Whoever was down there was eating Ann like it would be his last meal. Ann writhed about, gripping the back of the man's head, her groans getting louder and louder. If she thought Becky was in, she wasn't doing anything to keep the obvious noise down. Becky's hand slipped to her clit again at the sight in front of her. Ann orgasmed and screamed loudly. The head started to move from between her legs.

Becky darted back behind the door in case he looked up. She heard the bed move and peered back again. The guy was now lying across the bed, his feet towards Becky, Ann now straddling him as she rode his length, her pert little ass hardly moving as she slammed down onto his thighs. The guy looked like he had a decent sized member, and his balls were huge. Becky slipped off the nightie and stood in the doorway naked, and turned up the buttplug to its medium setting. She set down the phone, making sure it was on silent, on her nightie, and slipped one hand between her legs while the other tweaked her nipples hard.

Ann rode the guy for a while, then he spun her over onto all fours, kneeling behind her and plunging himself right back into her, making Ann squeal. His upper body was very toned, and he had a lot of tattoos all over his arms and upper body. His arms went to Ann's shoulders and pushed her head down into the bed, thrusting up her with long deliberate strokes to maximise her feeling his entire length. Becky synchronised thrusting three fingers up herself with his thrusting up Ann, while still trying to keep as quiet as possible.

He fucked her hard for about ten minutes, then turned Ann over quickly onto her back. Becky froze as she felt sure she'd be seen, but Ann had her eyes closed. The guy gripped her ankles and started to fuck her hard and quick, just like her ass her pert breasts didn't seem to move much, and like Becky, he looked like he was probably close to coming. Becky withdrew her fingers, knowing there was no way she could come standing there and stay quiet so they wouldn't know she was watching. He pulled his cock out of Ann and came across her stomach with a loud groan, and groaned with each spurt. Becky coincided with this noise by making a hasty retreat to her bedroom, picking up her nightie and phone first.

She made it to her room and lay across the bed, listening for noises. She turned towards the door thinking she'd heard something and noticed she'd only half-closed the door when coming in. A naughty thought went through her head, and she slipped off her nightie again so she was lying naked face down, legs spread a little and knees bent, her feet and ass pointing towards the door. If he walked past her door and looked in, he'd get a great view up between her legs. She picked up a pair of earbuds and put them in, to make it look like she was listening to music.

She didn't hear the guy look through her door, like what he saw, and approach Becky until she felt fingers between her legs. Startled, she turned to look, her gaze going straight to his semi-erect cock pointing at her face.

"You liked what you saw then?" he asked her.

"Saw when, I don't know what you mean?" Becky told him.

"I saw you through a table mirror, standing in the doorway watching. You have amazing tits," he remarked.

"Yes, I do, don't I," Becky replied nonchalantly.

"And your ass is just as nice too," he said, stopping in his tracks as his hands pulled her arse cheeks fully apart and seeing the freshly inserted butt plug.

"Well, what do we have here then?" he continued.

Becky groaned in an answer as his fingers slid up her soaking pussy, his other hand guiding his cock towards her mouth.

"Where's Ann?" Becky asked.

"Gone for a shower, I'd say we have about fifteen minutes?" he told her.

His cock entered her mouth without too much complaint, Becky tasting Ann on him. His hand thrust hard at her pussy, while letting Becky choose her pace on his cock. He didn't leave it long until he pulled Becky onto all fours and sunk his member into her, pulling her arse apart as he fucked her, marvelling at the butt plug impaled in her.

"Much as I love this view," he said, "I need to see those tits more."

He quickly and without much trouble flipped Becky onto her back, and like with Ann he gripped her ankles and pushed her legs back until her knees were almost on her breasts. He started to thrust into her hard, a big smile on his face as he watched her large breasts wobble about with each thrust. He put Becky's ankles on his shoulders and used his now free hands to knead and twist at Becky's nipples. Becky slipped a hand down and rubbed her clit hard and fast, sending herself over the edge, her orgasm shaking her body. He gave it chance to subside before sliding up Becky's body until he was thrusting between her breasts, squeezing them together until he shot his load across her neck and chin, and rubbing himself clean across her nipples.

Becky lay back spent, as he walked to the door telling her he'd need to get back before Ann noticed he'd gone. Ten minutes later she heard voices and the front door opened and closed. Becky decided to stay quiet and not let Ann know she was in.

The next morning Ann told her she'd had someone around but wouldn't be seeing him again. Becky asked who it was and Ann blushed, saying she hadn't asked his name. Becky looked shocked and asked where they'd met, and Ann told her she'd been at the gym and a dishy guy she hadn't seen before had caught her eye, then followed her around the various machines trying to chat her up, until Ann relented and asked him if he wanted to come back to her house for a special workout.

"It was just sex, it will take a very special man to replace your dad," she told Becky.

"A girl has to see to her needs every now and again," Becky spluttered out, "but you could make sure the house is clear first. I was in my bedroom trying to drown you guys out!"

Ann couldn't apologise enough, Becky told her to relax, she'd done similar herself but didn't know how Ann would react if she knew. They both laughed and hugged each other. Becky decided not to tell her the whole truth about the gym guy seeing to her needs to.

Becky had worked out situations where she had the best chance of checking out men. Swimming pools were her personal favourite, she also liked to go to her local park and watch the guys playing football in their shorts. She'd actually found herself masturbating sitting on a bench while watching them one time, her hand slipping under her skirt and pushing her thong to one side. She'd done it absentmindedly, which she realised when she heard a mum pushing her pushchair towards her along the path, Becky quickly removing her hand just as she looked at her. Ann mentioning the gym gave her another idea.

Becky searched online for gyms, and after a while found one that sounded perfect for her plan. It was about an hour drive away from where she lived but had a big communal shower area. She looked at a few pictures of the place, the men and women changing rooms were apart, either side from the showers, which were like separate wet rooms, walls around ten feet long meaning you couldn't see into the next one while showering. It also allowed for a day pass before deciding if you wanted to take out full membership.

Becky thought they'd be busiest very early mornings or evenings, so decided to go during one of these times to have more men to scope out. She had a day off work the following week so decided that would be ideal. She packed her kit and headed out, getting to the gym a little after 6.30 am. She was tired at having to get out of bed so early to get there at that time but had a sense of intrigue that had awakened her senses.

She told the receptionist it was her first time, paid for her day pass, and had someone come and give her a quick tour of the building. Most of the equipment was on the bottom floor, the second floor where the reception was had the rowing machines, treadmills, and exercise cycles. This floor also hosted the changing rooms. There was a door from the upstairs gym room that led to a corridor which led to the changing rooms, from the changing room itself the other side of the corridor wall was where the showers were.

She was left in the female changing rooms, there was only one other woman in there. She changed into her carefully selected outfit, some tight lycra shorts which she went commando under, and a matching sports bra, sturdy but with a large v shape at the front, showing off a little cleavage. Her breasts would be fairly contained, but any leaning forward would show off more and more of her milky breasts. She paused and looked at herself in a mirror, and did a double-take. She'd chosen a baby pink set, and at first glance, with her pale pink skin, she almost looked naked. Becky grinned, this would probably come in handy with getting men's attention.

She decided to check upstairs first, there were only three men in there. She wanted to have a few minutes on a rowing machine while she was there, before going downstairs. One of the guys who was a little easier on the eye was already on a rowing machine, so Becky chose one close to him. She got on and started, deliberately getting her rhythm wrong so she kept stopping. She looked towards him and noticed he'd stopped himself to watch her.

"My first time, I can't seem to get a hang of it," Becky told him.

He'd swung his legs off his machine to be facing her, Becky's gaze went between his legs, trying to see up his loose shorts.

"I'm not brilliant myself, but could give you a few pointers if you want," he smiled back.

Becky put on her best fake surprised look.

"Oh, you'd do that for me, how sweet of you," she replied.

He stood up and walked over behind her, took her hands and changed their position on the handle, then checked her feet to make sure they were fastened in tightly. Becky noticed him looking between her legs as he did so. He got up and brushed past Becky to get behind her, almost knocking his cock against her shoulder. He put his hands on her sides, his fingers snaking towards the sides of her breasts.

"Pull on the handle as you push back with your legs, then let yourself relax as it slides back again," he told her.

"Oooh, that sounds rude!" Becky giggled.

He laughed as she started to do as instructed, each time she pulled backwards his hands gripped her like he was holding her steady, each time his hands wandering further and further to the front of her breasts. Each time she could feel his hardening cock in the small of her back.

"Does it help if my breasts don't move then?" she giggled at him.

He looked shocked and stepped back quickly.

"Sorry, I was only trying to help," he cried out.

Becky looked down at her stiff nipples.

"I didn't say it bothered me, and they didn't seem to mind anyway," she giggled again, "Anyway thanks for your help but I think it's time to try another machine. You seemed to have enjoyed it too," she continued, nodding towards his bulging erection.

She laughed and went downstairs, leaving him trying to hide his erection. There were a few more men down here, and she made a point of choosing a machine that was facing towards someone so she could watch them better. A few times she found herself not even using the machine, especially when she saw a guy lying on the weights bench, wearing shorts that were far too tight, and packing a cock that looked like it belonged to a horse. It was the biggest Becky had ever seen. She didn't need to try and get him erect, it was big enough already that she could feel her insides churning, and her pussy getting very damp.

The machine she was sitting on was for your thighs, a padded seat with two pads to push together with your knees. She started to use it, the relaxed position had her legs wide open. Becky hadn't realised she had too much weight on and was straining to push the pads together, groaning loudly as she did so. She realised she was getting a few interesting looks, and soon had four men standing around her watching.

One signalled her to stop, and changed the setting, telling her to try again. This was much easier, she could close her legs together easier now. Another one told her she should change to the opposite setting, and try to hold her legs apart for longer to do her outer thighs too. Becky smiled and thanked him, and she noticed the weights guy was watching her too, sitting up now. Becky ignored the others and focused on his cock.

Each time she kept her legs open, she imagined she was doing so for him to slide his length up her. She kept her legs open wider and longer each time, the guys nudging each other and smiling at her. One of them told her to try and keep her legs open for as long as possible, and she took on the challenge. One took out his phone and told her he wanted to video her, as the record was forty-two seconds and he wanted to record her beating it. Becky naively believed him. She did forty seconds, and the guys all egged her on. She went again and managed forty-four seconds. All the guys cheered.

Becky was happy for a second then noticed the weights guy had left. Damn, she missed him walk away. Only then did she focus on the four in front of her. Three of them she noticed were semi-erect. Becky bit her lip. The guy with the phone had a full-blown erection, his shorts doing nothing to hide it. Becky smiled, looked him in the eye, then slowly turned her gaze back to his erection. He saw her looking, and he said they all wanted pictures with her to celebrate her achievement.

He asked her to pose with her legs apart, and one by one they stood behind her. Becky made a point to turn her head so their cocks would be level with her face at mouth level, and the guy handed his phone to one of them to take his picture. Becky opened her legs, turned her head, and just as the picture was going to be taken he released his cock from his shorts and held it towards her mouth. It brushed her lips just as the flash went off.

They all cheered and then wandered off laughing. Becky was secretly pleased, but quickly decided she wanted to see if the weights guy was still around. She couldn't see him, so decided to check if he had gone upstairs. As she went to go up she noticed herself in a wall mirror. Her nipples were erect and visible where her crop top was damp from her sweating, the part around her areolas almost see-through. She also noticed why the guys had been so interested in watching. Her pussy was so damp you could clearly see her pussy lips through a massive wet patch on her gusset, this time not from sweating. She imagined the view they had while her legs were spread apart on the machine

Becky smiled to herself and continued upstairs. She looked around, but the weights guy was nowhere to be seen. She went back down again, back to the treadmills, but he wasn't around, he must have gone thought Becky. She had a short run on a treadmill, turning the speed up to make her run quicker, which also made her breasts bounce everywhere despite the sturdy top.

She decided to also ten minutes on an exercise bike while she was there, and started pedalling. The bikes faced outwards, towards a mirrored wall. She altered the settings to make pedalling harder and putting more effort in liked the way her breasts were moving in the mirror. So did two guys behind her, who she noticed looking at her. They'd been watching her on the treadmill too. They were nudging each other and laughing, Becky saw in the mirror as the sweat was pouring down her chest now, the crop top was becoming more and more see-through again. Her nipples went erect knowing the guys could see this, and she leant right forward so that her nipples were almost out of her top. She adjusted her arse so it was right on the back of the saddle, and looked in the mirror again. One of the guys was pointing at her arse while rubbing the front of his shorts.

Becky started to slow down, and when stopped she leaned forward resting her head on the handlebars, panting loudly. She quickly reached underneath herself, and slyly pulled a nipple out of her crop top. She knew at this angle the guys had a great view of her sticky damp crotch, and she got off the machine and smiled at them. They both noticed her nipple at the same time, and she pretended like nothing was wrong and walked towards the showers.

She walked out of the gym area to the corridor to the changing rooms and carried on to the showers. Each separate one had a hook at the end to hang up a towel, and Becky casually strolled along them. There were a mixed bunch of women and men showering, most either had the frosted screens closed or simply showered with their backs facing out. She walked towards the female changing rooms exit, and saw a couple of guys side on, pausing to look without making it obvious. She had an idea, and walked back to the other end, and selected a shower right by the exit to the men's changing rooms. She peeled off her crop top and shorts, wondering if she should take the shorts in the shower has they needed washing, but hung them up, then hung up her towel.

She let the water soak over her and turned to face outwards, her eyes closed. She wiped the water away and saw the two guys who'd been watching her on the treadmill and exercise bike had stopped to stare at her. She smiled and made it clear she wasn't going to turn and hide from their glaring eyes. She stepped back into the water jets again, letting them hit her now erect nipples, and sighed out loud. The guys both smiled and continued to the changing rooms.

Becky stayed in there for a while, both enjoying the cooling water and the sight of men walking past her. Most had towels wrapped around them, some just held the towels in front, Becky enjoying their cute pert asses as they went past. Becky looked out of the cubicle, saw nobody else around, and wrapped her towel around herself. She'd decided to have a quick peek into the men's changing room, and not expecting to be too long left her crop top and shorts hanging up.

The corridor wall curved to the right so the room itself was out of sight from the showers area. She moved slowly around the corner and reaching the end of the wall peered around it. There was a small alcove section with four lockers, all open so not in use, and a bench running along that small wall. She sat on the bench and knew she couldn't be seen from the showers corridor. She sat down and noticed she could see into the changing rooms between the other lockers, where there were several benches with men getting dressed or drying themselves.

One older guy had a foot upon the bench, naked and vigorously drying between his legs. His cock wasn't very big, but he was making it move about so much it mesmerised Becky. She could also see the two guys who'd just been watching her shower. She was concentrated on their cocks so hard she didn't hear someone in the corridor until someone walked into the changing room. He didn't see her, but Becky moved closer to the wall.

Becky continued to watch the two guys, almost trying to use Jedi mind tricks to make their cocks stiffen so she could see them in all their glory now they were naked. She couldn't tease them as she'd normally try to without giving up that she was in the men's changing rooms, so knew seeing them flaccid would have to suffice. She moved her head and noticed a few other guys too, one had a shirt and jacket on but was still naked from the waist down. He was sitting on a bench and Becky marvelled at how his cock hung in front of him. She absentmindedly slipped a hand under her towel, flicking at her clit while imagining sitting on his cock and feeling it grow beneath her. She closed her eyes as the feeling of joy shooting through her body heightened.

"Are you enjoying the view then?" A gruff voice said close by.

It startled Becky and she jumped, removing her hand in the process. It made no difference, her fingers were sticky with her juices. She focused on the voice and saw a guy with a towel wrapped around his waist with his cock, almost trying to burst out of the towel, level with her face. She looked up his well-toned body, droplets of water glistening on his skin, and gasped. It was weights guy!

"I, erm, I think I've come into the wrong dressing room, I, erm, must have turned the wrong way out of the showers. I'm sorry," Becky said quietly and went to stand.

He put his hand on her shoulder, keeping her sat.

"You haven't answered my question yet," he told her.

"Yes, I was," Becky answered, as if her sticky hand wasn't a giveaway anyway, "Please keep your voice down or they'll hear us," she pleaded with him.

"Oh right, so you like to watch but not to get watched or caught. Sound like a right prick tease to me. You were watching me downstairs, weren't you? Did you like what you saw then?"

"Yes, yes I did, it's the biggest I've ever seen, "Becky told him, her voice suddenly turning more flirty, "And I don't mind being watched, but it's usually on my terms," she continued.

He sat on the bench next to her, surveying the room.

"It's not a bad view to be honest if that's your kind of thing," he told her. Becky simply nodded.

He looked her up and down, then reached over and unhooked where she'd tucked in her towel. It sprang open and fell on either side of her. He made Becky get off the bench slightly, then pulled the towel from under her.

"Don't talk, just do as I say, otherwise I'll make a noise so they all look."

Becky nodded again, not wanting to alert anyone.

"Slide your arse right to the edge of the bench, and spread your legs," he instructed her.

Becky did so while he folded up her towel, then put it behind her and made her lean her head on it.

"Keep your head there, don't let it drop down," he told her quite sternly.

With her head in this position, she could only just make out the changing rooms by looking out of the bottom of her eyes. She heard a towel rustle and turned her head to the side. Weights guy had undone his towel, and his cock jutted out. He took hold of Becky's left hand and guided it to his cock. She started to stroke him slowly, and he made her look away towards the changing room as she did so. Now it was out of sight, she got more pleasure out of feeling him get erect in her hands. He was very big, and she felt her juices start to flow down her thighs as her pussy leaked.

He reached across her and put two fingers on her pussy, rubbing up and down and making her squelch, and also making her groans get louder, especially when he slid a finger across her clit. She was in two minds now, she wanted him to continue but also knew she was getting to a point where the others would hear. She let him continue but put her spare hand to her mouth to suppress the noises. She closed her eyes as she could feel an orgasm welling up inside her. She was bought back to earth hearing talking.

"Yeah, came in and caught her watching you all. Decent body mind you, her arse is as nice as her tits are."

She opened her eyes and saw the two guys who had been watching her in the shower and three other guys beside them. One was casually stroking his cock while watching weights guy finger her. Weights guy removed the towel from behind her head and told her to leave her arse where it was, and to keep her legs spread. Her eyes instantly focused on the guy wanking over her, despite Becky having weights guys massive member in her hand. He muttered something to him, then started to flick at her clit with his other hand. Becky groaned loudly, and looking again saw all of the guys were now casually stroking their cocks. This tipped her over the edge, and Becky came, her juices flowing across his hand, and in turn setting him off, his come shooting across her stomach and thighs.

Becky was squirming on the bench now, a trail of juices hanging down from it. She looked around her, men still stroking their cocks while staring at her body. She looked at them in turn, taking in every little detail on each one, watching one whose foreskin covered his head with every out stroke, another with remarkably pronounced veins along his shaft as he gripped it tightly. One held out a piece of cloth to her face, and she realised it was her baby pink shorts. He held them to her nose, letting her inhale the smell of her previous dampness, before putting them to his nose while wanking his cock. She reached out and starting wanking it for him, and as he was about to come he held the shorts to catch his spurts.

Weights guy told him to keep the shorts when he finished, then told Becky to stand up. He slid over onto her damp patch, then told her he wanted her to sit on his cock, but before doing so he slid the shorts into her mouth, making a gag. Becky could taste an interesting mixture of juices on the shorts. She was a little apprehensive about sitting on his cock, she'd never had one so big and certainly never had sex in front of others before, but her nervous excitement was pushing her to explore new boundaries. She crouched until the tip was inside her, then paused. Weights guy put his hands up under her armpits, locking her arms upwards, and hooked his hands over her shoulders. He pulled her down and in one go he was fully inside her.

Becky groaned as loud as the gag would allow. She was amazed at how easily she had accommodated him, despite being so very wet down there. She started to try to ride him, but the weights guy held her still, her arms still locked. He leaned back against the bench so they were at an angle again, and putting his knees inside hers he pushed outwards, spreading her legs as far wide as he could get them. She noticed the old guy from earlier, the one who had been drying between his legs, had come over to watch. One of the guys who'd been watching her showering had his phone out and was taking pictures of her exposed pussy, even taking a few selfies with them both in shot.

The old guy leant on the floor in front of Becky and slid his tongue across her clit, slowly and carefully. The phone guy asked if he could film him, and he told him yes as long as he didn't get his face on camera. He went back to licking Becky, each stroke of his tongue combined with Becky's pussy being so full made her body shudder, her huge breasts jumping each time. He soon had Becky on the way to another orgasm and as he sensed her getting closer he upped the pace of licking her clit. He leant back as she came, and the phone guy got a few closeups of her juices running down weights guys balls and her thighs. The old man got on the bench, pointed his cock towards Becky's heaving chest, and wanked furiously until he came, spurt after spurt streaking across her upper body.

Somebody said something to weights guy, and he pulled Becky up until his cock slid out of her, and he turned her around.

"They want to see your arse now," he told her, "he wants to get photos of someone fucking you too," weights guy told her. Becky stiffened.

"No. No fucking. I know your cock has been in me but I don't want to have sex with everyone, that wasn't my intention. It was meant as a bit of harmless watching before going home and masturbating," Becky blubbered, trying to hold back her sobs.

"You heard her, no fucking her. We don't want any rape accusations to spoil the fun we're having do we?" Weights guy said. They all nodded if a little reluctantly.

He made her put her hands on the bench next to his arse, then put his hands behind her head, guiding her to his cock. His feet were inside of hers, and he forced them outwards to spread her legs. He pulled down slowly, letting Becky engulf his head, letting her work so he could see how much she could take in before gagging. He used his hands to raise and move her head, sliding her mouth down his length, Becky was nowhere near taking his full length, barely half of his cock was in her mouth. She did her bit by closing her mouth as much as possible, trying to create a vacuum.

She realised how vulnerable she was when she felt a cock nudge against her pussy lips and went to struggle. She'd said no fucking, but it didn't try to enter her but just rubbed along her lips, every now and then catching her clit and sending shudders through her body again. She felt another cock rubbing against the side of her arse, and a hand on the other side squeezing her cheek. She couldn't remember how many men were there, or whether anyone was having another go after already coming, but there seemed a steady procession of cocks taking it turns to come across her arse, some splattering her pussy and arse holes too.

She could feel sperm chains hanging between her legs, but decided to try to concentrate on the cock in her mouth. Weights guy had been fucking her mouth slowly, but she took control back and starting sliding her mouth down him, a little further each time and using her tongue on the underside of his shaft. She could hear him groaning, and two more loads of sperm showered her arse and lower back as she blew him. He was getting closer and closer, and so was Becky. She'd never made herself come more than twice in any one session, so coming a third time would be a new experience.

She desperately tried to get all of the weights guys cock into her mouth, wanting to feel all of him in her, but he was too long and she was almost gagging. She settled for a comfortable length and started blowing him faster and faster. She felt a hand on her clit, her body started shaking more and more, her legs starting to wobble. Hands gripped her hips to hold her up, and just as she started to come again weights guy blew his load into her wanton throat. She almost gagged again with the amount of come he shot, quickly swallowing it down her throat to make room for the next spurts. He seemed to be coming for an age, and she felt someone come right onto her arsehole again, his load trickling down her legs.

Weights guy released her slowly and she slumped to the floor, dropping into a large damp pool on the tiled floor. He lifted her head and wiped his cock across her face and in her hair until he was satisfied his cock was dry. Becky finally looked around and noticed everyone else had gone now, realising the show was over.

"Think we both need a shower again now, was it worth getting caught watching then?" he asked her.

"Oh most definitely!" Becky said with a huge grin across her face.

Her only regret was not having it on film, but she knew the masturbation session when she remembered today was going to be like no other.

