Caterina sighed in contentment as she floated in the large pool. The baths always felt particularly nice in the winter, when she couldn't ever seem to get entirely warm. A slave was rubbing a sponge over her shoulders, but she waved her away in order to float in the water.

When Hilda came down the stairs and saw Caterina Saxton, she shook her head and chuckled silently. Therese's new invite was quite full of herself most nights, but there in the water, alone, she looked vulnerable, young--even though there were only months between she and Hilda in age. The tabloids had certainly seen less of Caterina since she began her membership, but Hilda doubted the woman's playgirl days were over. She let a pet undress her and waved her off before slipping in the water next to the blonde. "Mm, it's quiet down here tonight," she said as she ran her eyes over Caterina's body shamelessly.

Caterina opened her eyes, her feet touching the bottom of the pool as she sunk into a seat on the ledge that ran around the edge. "I like it like this. It's relaxing."

"Certainly." It could be more relaxing, for Hilda at least. But she denied herself a pet for want of a better option. "I'm glad you're still enjoying our little establishment." She smiled her soft, closed lip smile.

"I am. It's been a very interesting few months." Caterina returned Hilda's smile, her teeth flashing white as she returned Hilda's scrutiny as well.

The blonde sat back, stretching her arms along the edge of the pool as if to offer Caterina a better view. "Then perhaps you'll be staying on for a while longer." There was a bit of a pool as to how long it would take Caterina to get bored, but Hilda had other hopes. She knew precisely how to keep the woman interested, and she knew precisely how to lead her to it.

"Well, I plan on staying in Paris for a while." She was still intrigued by what the club had to offer. Caterina had been feeling listless recently, and the club had offered an antidote for that, but she was already wondering just how long that would last. She knew that she needed to start thinking about doing something more productive with her life, but as of yet, she didn't have any plans.

"Mm...Excellent." Hilda idly ran her fingertips through the water and up Caterina's arm, feeling the warmth of her skin. She closed her eyes and let herself sink down to a lower step.

Caterina shivered under Hilda's touch, closing her eyes for a moment. "All alone tonight?"

"For the moment," Hilda replied without opening her eyes. She wondered just what type of invitation Caterina would take that as.

"That's too bad." Caterina took the opportunity to look at Hilda more closely. She didn't know exactly what sort of relationship Hilda had with Therese, but everyone seemed to regard her with obvious respect and it left her curious.

Hilda opened her eyes and caught Caterina's stare. She held it. "You don't seem too occupied yourself."

"Mmm. Not yet." For some reason, she found that she couldn't look away from Hilda. She didn't even know if she wanted to.

The blonde sat up again and reached out to run the back of her hand down Caterina's cheek. "Did you have something in mind?" She had to keep herself from smiling as she said it.

Caterina shrugged, even as she leaned into Hilda's touch. She didn't want to presume. "Nothing specific, but I've yet to have an uneventful night here."

"Oh, I don't doubt it." Hilda had been paying attention. She knew Caterina had been going from one pet to another, enjoying the games, the sex. But she had yet to do much more that scrape the surface. "But there are other things to enjoy."

Caterina raised her eyebrows. "It sounds like you might have something in mind." Caterina smirked at Hilda, though she had no idea why. There was something about the other woman that drew her in. She drifted closer.

Hilda chuckled lightly and wrapped her fingers around the back of Caterina's neck, pulling her in for a firm kiss. The woman had absolutely no idea.

Caterina was moaning almost before she registered the kiss. Hilda's hand on the back of her neck made her stomach contract and her knees go weak. She melted into Hilda's body, confused by how strong her reaction was. She pulled away from the kiss, but not from Hilda. "I..." She swallowed nervously, "um..."

"Yes, Caterina?" Hilda raised her eyebrows, but she held Caterina's neck firmly.

Caterina squirmed under Hilda's hand, though not enough to break away. She needed to leave. She needed to back away and get out of the bath. But she didn't. She couldn't. Instead, she leaned in and kissed Hilda again, pressing even closer.

Hilda stroked Caterina's back soothingly, sensing her tension, her conflict. She wanted Caterina calm. "That's it," she whispered, breaking the kiss only to lean in and nip Caterina's ear.

She whimpered and wrapped her arms around Hilda. She nuzzled against Hilda's neck, not sure what was happening or what Hilda expected of her, but enjoying it none the less.

"Why don't we go to my rooms..." Hilda ran her fingers through Caterina's curls lightly and signaled for an attendant before she pulled away and rose out of the pool, pulling Caterina up with her.

Caterina's fingers were tangled in Hilda's, and she had little choice but to follow her. She squeezed them slightly, needing the reassurance, as she stepped out of the water. She wrapped her arms around Hilda from behind and pressed against her back, seeking the contact.

"In good time, Caterina," Hilda said, her voice firm as she stepped away. She allowed the attendant to dry her and then Caterina, hoping that this was the last time for a while she would have to depend on one of the staff for that.

"Right." Caterina was taken aback for a moment, not used to being put off. Now dry, she started looking around for her clothing, anxious to get on with the night, to get to wherever Hilda deemed an appropriate place to do... whatever it was that she had planed.

Her clothing, however, had been removed upon a subtle command from Hilda, who was now pulling on a robe and walking towards her rooms. None was offered to Caterina.

Caterina looked around, confused. "Hilda..."

"Yes?" She turned, arching one of her eyebrows. Hilda expected Caterina to follow without asking questions.

Caterina spread her arms, looking down at her naked body. "My clothing...?"

"Is no longer necessary." The blonde pursed her lips, indicating that Caterina was becoming tedious. She turned, walking away again. Caterina would follow. If it wasn't that night, it would be the next or the one after.

Caterina looked askance at Hilda's back. Wasn't necessary? What did that even mean? She hurried to catch up with Hilda, slowing only when she was walking at Hilda's side. She was trying very hard to ignore just how naked she felt.

Hilda was merciful in taking a series of hidden service hallways back to her rooms, finally entering them through a subtly hidden panel in her wall. She closed it behind Caterina and stepped back to look at the woman, tapping her fingertip on her lip. "Hmm...there are cuffs in the bedroom on the nightstand. Go and get them."

"Cuffs?" Caterina blinked, but headed toward the bedroom. Things were a little easier when she had clear directions, but she was getting nervous and that was slowly overriding the arousal she had been feeling in the baths.

When Caterina returned, Hilda took them from her. She leaned forward, kissing Caterina softly before gently buckling the leather around the blonde's wrists. "Mm, yes...that's better," she murmured as she stepped back again.

Caterina twisted her arms in the cuffs, feeling the weight of them, feeling the leather against her skin. She swallowed and shifted. Despite her time in the club, this was all incredibly new to her. She'd never allowed herself to experience this side of things. "Now what?"

"Now..." Hilda stepped forward and raked her fingers through the curls between Caterina's legs. She pushed past them, wanting to see just how wet Caterina was, and it was just as she expected. A ghost of a smile came to her face. "Now, I take you to bed." She put her palm in the center of Caterina's chest and gently pushed her backwards toward the bedroom.

Caterina moaned incoherently at Hilda touched her, then she stumbled backward through the open doorway to the bedroom. She fell when the backs of her thighs hit the bed and she landed in a sprawl.

Hilda chuckled lightly as she climbed on top of the woman, straddling her. With a few simple pushes, she had Caterina where wanted her, and lifted her arms, attaching the cuffs to hooks in the headboard. "Mm, yes." She sat back straight before running her hands firmly down Caterina's sides.

"Oh." Caterina was taken by surprise and she instinctively pulled at the bonds, even as she arched up into Hilda's hands. Maybe this wasn't so bad after all. It wasn't as if she had never been tied up before, just never by someone who was so intent about it.

"Are you enjoying yourself, Caterina," Hilda said in a husky whisper as she tweaked the blonde's nipples.

Caterina shuddered and nodded. "Oh yeah." She squirmed under Hilda, trying to get her to come closer.

"Good...because there's so much more I'd like to do with you." Hilda smirked as she leaned down and nipped at Caterina's earlobe. "Mm, if you agree to be my pet."

Caterina's eyes went wide. "P- pet?" She swallowed nervously but she couldn't deny the way her stomach dropped away and her skin tingled.

"Mmhm." Hila blew her breath across Caterina's ear and ran her fingers down her side.

"I... " She squirmed as Hilda touched her. "I don't know." Her nervousness was disappearing again but it was getting harder for her to think. "I don't know what that means."

"It's not something you need decide now," Hilda said. She kissed down Caterina's neck to her chest. "We can discuss it later." She wanted the blonde to squirm throughout just imagining the possibilities.

Caterina nodded and looked down at Hilda. "When?"

"When I'm finished with you, Caterina," she said sternly.

Caterina shivered at Hilda's tone and nodded. She didn't know what she would say to Hilda, what her answer would be, but even thinking about being Hilda's pet, belonging to her, was exciting. She pressed herself up against Hilda's stomach. "Please..." She pulled at her restraints, trying to wrap her arms around Hilda.

"In good time." She pressed her fingers between Caterina's legs, teasing her clit lightly. Hilda fully intended to take her time with the woman, to savor the night in case Caterina did not take her up on her offer. Though, if she had to place a bet, she was completely comfortable in saying that odds were in her favor.