Wall Street Pimp: Nina's Rent {Pan} (MF, oral) pt. 01

2004/08/13

Max Han was in early retirement.  At 45 he sold his startup 
investment brokerage firm to a larger company making him 
and his partners millionaires many times over.  Afterwards 
he had decided that he had given up too much in life, and 
not enjoyed himself.  So instead of going back into 
business, to 80 hour work weeks, and to the rat race, he 
decided to stay retired.  He owned some property around 
town, which he was fixing up and reselling, so instead of 
hiring contractors to do it, he decided to do it himself, 
at his own pace.

So on one Wednesday afternoon, instead of being at a high 
powered meeting, Max was at his brownstone near the 
downtown university campus, painting the living room of one 
of his tenants.

His tenant was a music student, Nina Lima, in her sophomore 
year at the art college.  She was nineteen years old, with 
smokey blue eyes, and long dark brown hair.  She was a good 
tenant of almost a year, but Max had only met her six 
months ago when he took over for his agent.  Being 
originally from Spain, Nina had an old-world, flirty charm.

So, the answer was yes when she asked that her living room 
be repainted.  Max took over the living room, covering 
Nina's furniture in tarps, and opening the window to the 
cool fall air to vent out the paint fumes.  Nina spent the 
day in her bedroom, practicing her flute, her instrument of 
study.  Occasionally she would come out to offer Max a 
drink or a snack.  Lounging around the apartment she wore a  
red tank top with a pair of white sleeping shorts.

Max had been divorced for eight years now, a casualty of 
his long work hours.  He had girlfriends, but was never 
serious about anyone.  Basic, keep it basic, he always told 
himself.

The afternoon was spent painting and listening to Nina 
practice on her flute was good.  Basic.  Painting was easy 
and mindless; letting Max enjoy the music from the young 
virtuoso.

Nina played sitting at her office chair in front of her Mac 
notebook.  She kept one leg perched high on her table, 
showing off her Spanish complexion which was touched with a 
dab of Moorish mocha.

Early in the afternoon Nina received a phone call.

Hey, Kari.  No I can't go on the trip.  I have bills to 
pay, like rent, you dork.  Maybe another time.  You girls 
have fun.

Nina continued to practice.  Max couldn't avoid watching 
through the double french doors as her lips expertly 
breathed on the flute's mouth piece.

Paint fumes, hard-ons, and classical music.  They filled 
Max's afternoon till 2:00 PM.  When he was finished, he 
rolled up his drop cloths and prepared to leave.  His 45 
year old body was still in good shape, but he wasn't as 
young as before, and his muscles told him so.

It looks great, Mr. Han, Nina said coming out of her 
bedroom.  I have this month's rent for you.

If you need some more time, feel free.

Thanks, but I better give it to you now, or I might not 
have it later.

Nina was holding her check and placed a corner between her 
soft lips as a thought struck her mind.

How old are you, Mr. Han? she asked.

45, an old man.

That's not old.  And you don't look 45.

You're too kind.  But seriously, Nina, I don't need the 
money this week or anything.  You should go on your trip 
with your friends.

"Thank you Mr. Han, but if I do not give you this money 
now, I'll just spend it myself.  How about if you knock one 
hundred dollars off this month's rent, I'll paint a room 
for you."

"You can paint?" Max asked a little incredulously.

"No, not really.  You don't want me painting anything," 
Nina said, but continued to chew at the check deep in 
thought about something.  She looked Max up and down 
quickly, the way a guy would look up and down a girl like 
Nina.  "How about this: I get rid of this check," she said 
tearing the check up.

"I write you a new one," she said and scribbled a new check 
quickly, "and it'll be one hundred dollars less.  And 
instead of me giving it to you, you can come here and get 
it yourself."

Nina then folded the check into a little square one inch by 
one inch.  She then pulled the right strap of her top down, 
exposing a red strapless bra with black lace trim.  Long 
fingernails then stuffed the check deep into the bra under 
her right breast.  Nina then turned around and looking over 
her right shoulder gave Max a come hither look.

"For one hundred dollars, you can come get the check 
yourself.  But!" she warned.  "Just get the check, and 
nothing more."

Nina smiled at Max daringly.

Max gave an amused smile and walked up behind the young 
musician.  Without hesitation he reached around to her 
chest and pulled down her strapless, exposing a b-cup 
breast.  It was a 34, and aroused to his touch.  Max's 
fingers gently rounded her nipple, then slid down until he 
was cupping her.  He stopped and just gave her a couple 
soft squeezes.  He could feel her heart pounding through 
her skin.

"Weren't you here to get something, Mr. Han?" she reminded 
him.

Max then moved his fingers underneath her breast to where 
the check was pinned between its bottom and the under wire 
of the bra.  He then removed the check, and pulled the bra 
up.  Finally he pulled the strap of her top back over her 
shoulder.

"Was that superior to me painting?"

"It was.  Easily worth a hundred.  You going on that trip 
with your friends now?"

"Absolutely.  Thanks for the business, Mr. Han.  And thanks 
for painting my room."

"You're welcome.  Let me know if you need anything else.  
Otherwise I'll see you next month."

A month went by.

At the end of the month Max's phone rang one evening at his 
own place.  It was Nina, and she was downstairs with the 
rent.  This was their normally arrangement - unlike last 
month.  After that afternoon Max didn't really see Nina for 
the rest of the month.  Max knew that Nina had a boyfriend, 
and figured she was just flirting in an extra physical way.

"I have your rent, Mr. Han," she said calling from 
downstairs in her sleight Spanish accent.

Max figured everything was back to normal if she was here.  
He lived in one of his other brownstones just a couple 
doors down from Nina's building, so he just had the tenants 
walk the rent over each month.

"I'm coming right down, Nina," he told her.

"Can I come up?"  Coming up was not normal.

"Sure, wait for the buzz, and I'm on the top floor unit."

Max buzzed her in and opened his door, which looked out to 
the staircase.  Soon he heard the bounding of booted feet 
run up to his door.  Nina came in looking around his 
apartment appreciatively.  Max spent the most time and 
effort on his own apartment.  It was a spacious two bedroom 
loft, with vaulted ceilings and a large skylight which was 
currently filled with the night sky.  Max looked 
appreciatively at Nina.  She wore very low cut jeans which 
prominantly displayed the thin strings of panties on her 
hips, and for a top she had a long sleeve shirt that was 
cut off just at the base of her breasts.  It clung to her 
body obviously revealing that she was not wearing a bra.

She closed the door behind her.

"You have a beautiful home, Mr. Han," she said still 
looking at the skylight.

"You can call me Max, Nina."

"Sorry I can't.  I've always been taught to speak properly 
to people more mature than me.  You're going to have to 
live with Mr. Han."

"Okay.  I've never heard 'mature' said so nicely."

"I have next month's rent," Nina began with a smile, "but 
it's one hundred and fifty short."

"Really?  Why is that?"

"Just felt like I could use the extra cash this month, Mr. 
Han.  Hope you don't mind."

"Okay... did we change our lease agreement recently?."

"I don't expect to keep it for nothing," Nina said starting 
to grin and blush.  She then pulled an already folded check 
from her pocket.  She then turned around where Max could 
see the strings of her panties come together over a little 
butterfly.  From the base of the butterfly another thin 
string of her thong went down into her jeans and her butt 
crack.  The check was starting to follow the string like a 
train on a monorail.  But before it could get into her 
pants, Max reached for her wrist, pulled her hand out and 
took the check.

"That's okay Nina," Max said.  "I don't need you to do 
that."

Nina turned back to the man more than twice her age 
shocked.  Max motioned for Nina to sit down on his leather 
couch and wait.  She obeyed a little confused, but sat down 
anyway.  Max then went into the bathroom.  In a couple of 
minutes he came back out with his hands behind his back.

"I've hidden your check on somewhere on me," Max told the 
girl sitting on his couch. "If you come and get the check 
yourself, I'll give you an extra hundred in cash.  
Otherwise you can go, and I'll take your rent check as is."

Nina smiled at the prospect.

"But," Max added.  "You have to get it with your mouth 
only."

Nina's jaw dropped, but then curled into a grin.  She stood 
up and walked over to Max.  Still smirking she looked 
behind the retired investment banker at his hands.  Max 
opened both to show that there wasn't a check in either.  
Nina then dropped to her knees in front in front of him.

"Can I use my hands to look?" she asked looking up.  "I 
think I have a guess."

"Sure."

Nina unbuttoned and unzipped Max's pants.  She slid them 
down to reveal his bulging silk boxers.  With her fingers 
she opened the hole in front of his boxers to let loose his 
erect penis.  He shot forward to point straight at her 
face.  Halfway down its shaft was the check, tied with a 
small piece of string.  At seeing the check in its little 
noose, Nina let out a giggle.  She then reached her hand up 
to touch it.

"Remember," Max said, "mouth only."

"Of course," Nina said, "I was only going to touch it, Mr. 
Han.  It's beautiful.  I still don't think you look forty 
five."

His penis seem to stand up a little higher at the praise 
coming from the nineteen year old beauty at his feet.

"But I can appreciate this without my hands," Nina said as 
she leaned forward to kiss the side of Max's shaft 
reverently.  She then took in a deep breath and savored his 
smell.  Max had never seen a girl so adoringly worship his 
cock before.  He just wanted to get inside her anyway he 
could now... but held off with the most tenuous of control.

Nina then began to lick the side of of his shaft with her 
full, flute playing lips and tongue.  Occasionally she 
pursed her lips together and blew a strong column of air on 
his shaft just as she did her flute.  She moved down and 
did the same to his balls.  Then opening wide she put one 
testicle entirely in her mouth.  She rolled it around, 
bumping gently against her teeth, and entangling it with an 
almost tentacle-like tongue.

She then pulled her head back, opened her mouth wide, and 
aimed the head of the penis at it.  Her tongue extended and 
touched first.  Max shuddered from the contact.  Her lips 
followed soon after, and enveloped his head.  She looked up 
at Max with smokey blue eyes, and continued to move his 
dick into her warm mouth.  When she hit the back of her 
mouth, she still hadn't reached the check yet.  Her hands 
gently moved to the back of Max's thighs for support.  
Pulling herself onto to his penis, she forced it down her 
throat.  She didn't struggle with it at all, and moved 
further down the shaft one big swallow at a time.  Closing 
her eyes, she concentrated all her attention at getting 
Max's penis down her throat.  With each swallow she inched 
further down, like a snake swallowing her prey.  She then 
reached the check, and Max felt her tongue probe around the 
string and the knot.  The probing was sensational.

She then stopped and looked up at Max with over half of his 
dick down her throat.  She then closed her eyes and 
continued up his shaft until she had every inch of his 
penis through her lips.  She paused for a moment, then 
withdrew, leaving his saliva covered dick bare, before she 
pulled herself on it again.  She thrust a few times all the 
way down her throat.  Max could not count because of the 
ecstasy of it.  But she stopped just before Max thought he 
might cum.  She then hovered just over the check wrapped 
with string.  Her tongue worked expertly over the knot.  
She even cocked her head to the side twice to get a better 
angle on it.  Max could feel her strong tongue wind like a 
serpent around his shaft and tugging at the string around 
his penis.  In an amount of time Max deemed as too quick, 
Nina had untied the string and pulled the check off between 
her teeth.

She took the check out of her mouth and handed it up to 
Max.

"So that's all you need?" she asked still kneeling in front 
of his erect penis.

Max needed to cum.  Is load was ready to burst, but instead 
it was just hanging there inches from Nina's full lips.

"That was the deal, you held up your end wonderfully."

"Thanks.  There's NOTHING more you need?" she asked 
grinning at him, fully aware of his state.

"Are you offering anything?"

Nina pretended to think about it and said, "No, one hundred 
and fifty was enough for me."  She then gripped his penis 
and placed it back in his boxers.  Next she pulled up his 
pants and fastened them up.

"I guess I'll be going now," she said standing up.

Max pulled his feet from the floor as if they were stuck in 
cement and walked to his desk.  There he pulled a hundred 
dollar bill from his wallet, and walked back to Nina.

"Here you go," he said.  "Pleasure doing business with 
you."

"Glad you thought so, but I don't need the hundred."

"Go ahead, it's just a thank you."

Nina smiled and with a blush took the bill reluctantly.  
"You're welcome."

Max then showed Nina out to the door and said goodnight.

"See you next month."

With the closing of the door, Max's mind raced.  He needed 
release, and he needed it quickly.  He could call Vivian, 
he thought.  Vivian was Max's regular high-class call girl.  
She could get here quickly for a price.  He could even ask 
her to wear a white top and tight jeans.  He just needed to 
get it out of his system.  Then there was a knock on the 
door.

Max opened it to find Nina still there smirking.

"Mr. Han," she said.  "You're patience is admirable.  My 
boyfriend would have been begging me to finish him off by 
now.  But look at you, all respectable.  I guess that's the 
difference between a boy and a man."

She quickly looked down the stairway to see if nobody was 
there, and then dropped to her knees right at the open 
door.  Max was too startled to say anything or to move her 
inside.  She just unzipped his pants and fished for his 
penis again.  Pulling it out she swallowed its length 
again.  Max watched with pleasure as the small nineteen 
year-old girl's head rocked back and forth on his cock. He 
placed his hand on her dark brown hair to guide her ever 
faster on his penis.   As he began to come, Nina took her 
mouth off his penis, and gripped ever so gently palm up.  
She wrapped her fingers around his shaft, still palm up, 
and stroked his penis with stiff jerks and squeezes.  She 
continued to look up at him with a smile as she jerked him 
off.  As he got closer she opened her mouth wide and 
stroked while pointing his head straight at her mouth.  His 
first two shots went straight to the back of her throat.  
She then closed her mouth, letting one squirt hit her her 
full lips.  She then continued to stroke his penis and let 
another shot cum on her shirt, across her breasts, and 
another shot landed on her bare belly.  She then put it 
back in her mouth and sucked the last drops, swallowing 
with a couple gulps.

Nina licked her lips savoring.  "Can I get a towel?"

END
