First Steps
byEmiTsuruta©

When I moved to California to go to college, I left behind a boyfriend of sorts in Japan. His name was Tomoyuki. He had spiky black hair and sharp features, but I found him attractive at the time anyway. We were both busy preparing for entrance exams, so we'd mostly just study together, but one day he asked me to be his girlfriend, and I said yes. We didn't have much time to get to know each other, and then, I moved to the States, so we had to put things on hold for a while. I did want to see him and my family too, so I went back home to Kamakura that next summer.

When I touched down at Narita airport, my mom was there to meet me. My dad had booked a vacation for him, my mom, my older sister Norika, and me, so meeting Tomoyuki would have to wait. Mom took me home first. My dad was the same, but Norika had dyed her hair brown, trying to look foreign maybe. It seems to be the fashion lately in Japan.

The resort my dad took us to was quiet, just a little inn in this secluded valley west of Tokyo with hot springs. It was nice to get away, relax, and forget about school for a while.

The second day of our stay there, we came back from sightseeing early. My parents went to rest in their room, and Norika and I changed into yukata (light cotton bathrobes), and went off to explore the hot springs.

I don't see Norika as much now that I'm living in the States, but it was nice to see her again, and catch up. She's a fairly private person, a bit of a troublemaker and a party girl, but she seemed glad to see me too. I told her a bit about Ryosuke, the new guy in my life, but she didn't tell me if she was seeing anyone or not. I know she dates, but she hasn't brought any of these guys home.

Anyway, we found the ladies' indoor bath, and took a shower to rinse off. The bath was nothing special, bigger than our bath room at home, but otherwise pretty normal.

The real attraction was supposed to be the big outdoor bath. I don't think I'd ever been to one of these before, so we went to take a look. We walked down this long corridor, and came outside near the road we'd drove in on. On the left, there was a solid bamboo fence blocking the view from the road, but off to the right, there was a beautiful little river valley with trees overhanging the deck. There was this kind of mist rising off the top of the water, so it looked like something out of a postcard.

It was still quite bright out, and through the mist, we could see three or four naked men in their twenties sitting in the bath. As soon as we got there, they went quiet, and were looking this way, wondering I guess if Norika and I were going to strip, and come in. People in Japan usually bathe in the nude, but even so, I wasn't so keen on stripping naked in front of a bunch of randy young horndogs. There were no change rooms, just some baskets lying on the stone deck near the entrance.

The guys gazed over hungrily at us, this weird tension in the air. I guess not a lot of women come down to the bath, while it is still light out. Norika and I looked at each other, but found it all a bit much, so we retreated back to our room.

We hung around there, and chatted some more, but soon it was getting near suppertime. Mom and dad were still in their room, so we went down to the dining hall to have a look. There was no sign of the men we'd seen, but all the other guests seemed to be there. Norika suggested that now might be a good chance to try the outdoor bath, so back we went.

We hurried to the bath, and sure enough it was empty. Off to the left over the fence, we could see the guys from before walking away down the road. They must live nearby, and had stopped by for a quick dip. I wanted to wait for them to get out of sight, but Norika ignored them, and untied her robe. I kept an eye on the men, trying to tell if they could see her, but they kept right on walking as Norika undid her bra. She did seem a bit nervous, but took off her bra anyway, and laid it on top of her robe in the basket. She turned to her panties next, checking the entranceway to see if anyone was coming.

"Well, aren't you going to undress?" she asked me. I was still worried about the guys on the road. They were pretty far away by then, but earlier, they had seemed quite interested in Norika and me. I slowly undid my belt, and let my robe fall open. I felt pretty embarrassed, not used to undressing in such a public place.

The men finally moved out of sight round a bend, so Norika pulled down her panties, getting naked, and put them with the rest of her clothes. People tell us that we look alike, our faces anyway, but her hips are a bit heavier than mine, and her breasts are quite sizeable with smallish nipples high up. Her bottom is so round like a giant peach.

Norika stood there for a moment, smoothing out her pubic hair, and shivering a little. She seemed a bit nervous, as if she was struggling to keep her feelings in check. She slid a hand between her legs, and then raised it over her flat tummy to just tickle the top of her bush.

My face was getting hot. To try to cool down, I took off my robe, but the air on my skin just made things worse. Norika picked up her towel, and then slid into the nearest bath. I clumsily took off my bra and panties, and turned my back, looking down at my naked body. Ryosuke says I've got 'a right fit little body,' but I wasn't quite so sure of that at the time. I quickly picked up my towel, and slid into the bath.

Norika and I sat there for a while, soaking. Eventually I began to calm down, and enjoy the warmth of the bath and the rustling of the leaves in the trees. It was so peaceful and quiet, so different from the busy life I was leading back in Oceanview. Norika looked happy too.

Suddenly, we heard voices coming from the entrance. Before we could get up, this couple, maybe university age, came in. The woman was slender, angular with long black hair. The guy looked twitchy as if he knew he was doing something wrong. As soon as they noticed us, they slunk off down to the far end. They did not look this way, but instead quietly stripped, and got into the other bath.

I looked at Norika, a bit nervous about being here naked with them here. I sank neck deep into the bath, trying to hide. I picked up my towel from the edge of the bath, and wrapped it around me in the water. Norika just floated there, watching them, but not covering up. The couple peered around at the trees and valley, but did not look at us. Probably like us, they had hoped that no one would be here.

I stayed hiding in the water, too ashamed to get out with the couple here. While I was trying to work up the courage to leave, a funny thing happened. The girl got up out of the bath, and stood up straight on the deck - totally naked! Of course, there was the mist from the springs, but I could see her plain as day! Norika was watching her too, every bit as shocked as I was.

Her skin was pink, no tan lines or anything, but what I found so weird was she made no effort to cover up. She showed us and her boyfriend her cute little derriere as she walked over to the edge of the deck, and stood there looking down at the river below. She then turned this way, showing us this little tuft of black pubic hair. There was something so sexy about the way the water dripped from her bush. Her boyfriend licked his lips, but tried not to make it too obvious. I found myself feeling jealous of her confidence and the passion she inspired in her boyfriend. I kind of wished I could be that brave.

She looked over at us almost as if she was wondering what we made of her daring. I avoided her gaze, but Norika just kept on staring.

Eventually, the woman went back to her boyfriend. They didn't stay long, and got out to leave. I didn't understand how they could be so nonchalant. The woman pulled on her robe. She hadn't even brought any underwear with her. Then they left.

Norika seemed impressed. I had mixed feelings. I couldn't help feeling that what that woman had done was wrong. It was like she was using Norika and me to get her boyfriend excited. She was a 'bad girl,' I decided.

The next morning, we saw the couple in the dining hall. The woman was wearing glasses, and had her hair up. She looked very shy, like a librarian or something, not at all like the brazen temptress we'd seen the day before. I didn't know quite what to make of the change. Maybe the librarian self was just an act she put on, and the bad girl was the real her. Norika was eyeing her too, but didn't say anything.

Anyway, soon, our vacation ended, and my family headed back to Kamakura. I finally got in touch with Tomoyuki, and invited him to come over. He showed up at our house one afternoon. I didn't kiss him - I was worried about my mom seeing - but just invited him into the living room where we sat on the carpet around the low table. He got out some textbooks to show me. I was just about to ask him if he was seeing anyone, when suddenly, Norika came storming down the stairs.

"Oh my gosh. I'm going to be late." Apparently, she had some kind of date with a guy. She dashed into the bath room, and soon, we heard the shower running.

Tomoyuki has seen my sister before. Norika looks like me, I mean a bit older, and the brown hair, but kind of a similar face. Back when I lived here, she would wander through when the two of us were studying, but at that time, he didn't pay her much mind. Now though with her naked in the next room, he'd perked right up.

I kind of wanted to talk to him about us. Did he still like me? But now with him so distracted, I was losing my nerve. As if that wasn't bad enough, suddenly, Norika came running out - buck naked - into the dining room, her hair dripping wet.

"Where's my dress? Where's my dress?" she repeated. Tomoyuki was facing me, so he couldn't see her, but he noticed my shocked reaction, and sat bolt upright clearly suspecting that Norika wasn't decent. Her peach shaped bottom does look pretty scandalous. I froze, not wanting to set Tomoyuki off. Norika frantically searched through the clean laundry hanging at the far end of the dining room.

Now in the past, my mom has warned both me and Norika not to run around the house naked, especially when people are here. I glared at Norika, trying to signal her to cover up, but she just feigned innocence. She looked nervous, excited, but it seemed clear that she had come out here naked on purpose, I swear, deliberating messing with Tomoyuki and me. Maybe it was that hussy we saw in the hot spring that had given her the idea.

Tomoyuki started to turn, but I think she realized she'd gone too far, and darted back into the kitchen before he caught sight of her.

"Put some clothes on for heaven's sakes," Mom yelled at her. Aaaargh! Norika was bad enough, but now my mom had confirmed that Norika was indeed naked. Tomoyuki could no longer contain his curiosity. He turned full around, and peered around the corner, trying to get a look at Norika. Luckily, she was still in the kitchen, out of sight for the moment.

"I have to go! There's no time! I'm going to be late!" Norika kept repeating. I leaned over the coffee table, and pulled hard on Tomoyuki's collar trying to get him to turn back, but too late! Norika came bounding back into the dining room, her massive breasts bouncing, her black pubic hair still dripping wet from the bath.

Tomoyuki looked stunned. It wasn't just that she was naked - although that was bad enough - but that she seemed to be teasing him deliberately, flaunting her body in front of him.

Norika finally found her dress, and looked over, pretending to notice Tomoyuki for the first time.

"Kyaa! Why didn't you tell me someone was here?" she yelled. Yeah right! As if she didn't know already. Tomoyuki had been here for quite some time. She must have heard us talking.

Mom came out, and tried to shoo Norika back towards the bath. Norika turned her back to us, but was still trying to get her bra and panties off the hanger. The skin on her bare bottom was so wet and shiny Tomoyuki was going cross-eyed. I was so angry.

Mom turned, and yelled,

"Norika!"

Norika finally turned back to us, signaled an apology with her hand, and then ran off to the bath. Mom kept apologizing.

"I don't know what got into her!" she exclaimed. I tried to get Tomoyuki to turn back to me, but his thoughts were elsewhere. I was angry at Norika, but Tomoyuki too. He didn't have to gawk nor look so happy.

Norika came back downstairs, dressed up now, called out,

"Bye, everyone. Don't wait up," and left.

Tomoyuki was pretty much useless after that. He'd kind of lost his cool - I think he had an erection - and ended up going home. I let him go, figuring it was hopeless anyway. That night I yelled at Norika, and she apologized, but I'm still pretty angry at her.

Anyway, to get my mind off all of this, I phoned up my best friend Michiyo. She is kind of the opposite of Norika. She's smart, quiet, well mannered, always nice to me. She was kind of popular at school, but is more reserved, and didn't date a lot, partly because her parents wanted her to focus on her studies. I think she's going to a local college too, studying travel or something like that.

Michiyo told me about a fireworks show coming up on the beach in Enoshima. We made plans to go. The day of the show, I walked to Enoshima, met her at the station, and we found a place on the sand, and sat down to watch. We saw my first cousin, Hideki, with one of his friends, a handsome Hideaki Itou lookalike with dark mysterious eyes. I pointed Hideki out to Michiyo, and she preferred him to Itou. Hideki has bigger eyes and spiky hair that sticks up, so he looks kind of like a manga character, Goku. Anyway, we didn't say hi or anything, but just settled in to watch the show.

The fireworks were beautiful, hanabi, fire flowers we say in Japanese. Unfortunately, near the end, it started to rain. Neither Michiyo nor I had brought an umbrella, so we had to make a run for it. I couldn't see Hideki anymore, but his house is closer than the train station, so we headed there. By the time we got there, we were soaked to the skin. Hideki's mother, my aunt Sachi answered the door.

"Oh, Emi, come in. Come in. Your mom phoned, and said you might be coming." My aunt is a few years younger than my mom, and different from her in a lot of ways. She dresses nicely, and looks much younger than she is. Most of the time, she's pretty sensible, but when someone tells a risqué story, she'll laugh and laugh. My mom is much more conservative, but the two of them are good friends.

"Sorry about this, Aunt Sachi. We got caught in the storm..."

"That's alright, but the two of you are soaked. You better come in, and change before you catch a cold. I tell you what. Why don't you have a shower while I go fetch you some clothes?"

Michiyo nodded shyly. I think she felt bad about imposing, but I knew my aunt didn't mind. My aunt showed us to their bath, just next to the entranceway.

"Here, I'll go get you some towels and some dry clothes." She rushed off. We took off our shoes, and went into the makeup nook next to the bath. I could hear voices coming from the back of the house. At first, I thought it must be just my Uncle Yuuzou and Sachi. There was no sign of Hideki. He must still be outside in the storm.

Michiyo shut the door to the hall. She was blushing for some reason, embarrassed to be wet, embarrassed to have to undress in front of me. I didn't think it was any big deal. I've showered with friends before. I stripped out of my clothes, and soon she undressed too. I think that's probably the first time I saw Michiyo naked. She is so slim, her skin so white, but her breasts stick out with these cherry red nipples at each tip.

"Does your aunt have a dryer?" Michiyo asked, trying to focus on the problem at hand.

"I think so."

My aunt didn't come back right away, so we just left our clothes in a basket on the floor, and went into the bath. It was kind of cramped, so I bumped into Michiyo, brushing my nipples against hers, making her blush even more. I let Michiyo shower off first, and get into the tub. It felt a bit strange, frolicking around naked with her, but it was nice to finally get warm.

After a while, through the frosted glass of the shower room door, we saw my aunt come into the makeup nook. She laid some towels on the counter, and took away the basket with our wet clothes. We were drying ourselves off when she came back with some clean clothes. I wrapped the towel around my body hiding my nudity from Sachi, and Michiyo did as well.

"These belong to Namie," Sachi told us holding up a stack of clean clothes.

"Hideki's sister," I explained to Michiyo.

"I guess she's about the same size as you two."

Michiyo picked out a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, and I took what I thought was a cotton sundress. My uncle started calling, but my aunt first asked,

"Should I bring some other things? Some underwear perhaps?"

I looked at Michiyo. I felt a bit weird about borrowing Namie's underwear without asking her first. It's so personal. We shook our heads no, and then my aunt disappeared off down the hall.

Once she was gone, I took off my towel, and slipped the 'dress' on over my head only to discover that it was actually a t-shirt, just slightly longer than the one Michiyo took. I managed to pull it down far enough to cover my pubic hair, but I have fairly wide hips, so it wasn't quite long enough at the back. I turned to look at myself in the mirror. Sure enough, you could see the round cheeks of my bare bottom peeking out from under the hem.

Michiyo looked over at me, and broke out laughing.

"Wanna trade?" she offered with a grin.

"You want to wear this?"

"No, I meant just the t-shirts." She held hers out for me to see. It was even shorter, barely going down to her belly button.

"Very funny." I snipped. I felt embarrassed enough as it was. "I'd better get Sachi to bring some jeans for me too." I opened the door, and peered out anxiously into the hall. Sachi was way off in the back somewhere. I should have asked Michiyo to go fetch Sachi, but... well, if I'm going to be perfectly honest, I was maybe a bit excited. The hot spring hussy and Norika were both on my mind, so maybe I was less cautious than I normally would be.

I did feel kind of naughty. Michiyo was peering down at my bare behind, giggling away at my indecency. I touched one butt cheek, confirming that she could indeed see my rear. I peered out into the hall, but I was so nervous. I could feel the air tickling my hello kitty, driving me to distraction. I don't think I'd ever wandered around a strange house commando before. It felt so weird. My heart was pounding away.

From the back of the house, I could hear my uncle and aunt's voice. I tiptoed down the hall, bracing my hand against the wall. I tugged at the t-shirt trying to keep my pussy covered at least. In the living room, the first people I saw were this other Japanese woman and a western man. My aunt was further over on the sofa.

"Oh Emi, I'm glad you came. You remember your cousin, Kanako, don't you?"

My heart went into overdrive. I was clearly in no state to be greeting guests.

"Emi? Is that you? I haven't seen you for ages," Kanako smiled. I did remember her. She used to drive us around when we visited my grandma's house in the country. I'd never met her husband before, and I was surprised that he was a westerner. He peered down at the hand I was tugging my t-shirt with, immediately wondering why I wasn't wearing pants.

It's hard to explain why, but the whole situation was getting me all excited. I didn't know that Sachi had guests, and here I was in just this way too short t-shirt, flashing my bare behind at Michiyo, who was still giggling.

As if that wasn't bad enough, suddenly, I heard a key in the door, and before I could react, there were Hideki and 'Itou' soaked by the rain. I twirled to hide my bottom from the hunky Itou at least, but both he and Hideki had zeroed in on my bare thighs. Now what do I do?

Michiyo ducked into the makeup nook, but continued to peek out wondering what I would do. My aunt rushed off apparently to get a dry towel for Hideki. I just stood there, wishing I could somehow disappear into the woodwork, but Hideki and Itou continued to eye me. My uncle rushed to my rescue though.

"Uh Sachi. Maybe you'd better get some clothes for Emi here first. You must be pretty cold like that," he noted pointing to my bare behind. Kanako-hubby and the two boys took this as a cue to examine me closer, clearly dying to see what I had on under my t-shirt. I was so embarrassed my shoulders were hunching up, pulling the hem of my t-shirt even higher. I could feel the breeze from the door, licking at my butt cheeks, getting me ever more excited.

I tried to convey to Michiyo that I wanted a towel, but I didn't dare raise my arms for fear of flashing them all my pussy. Sachi came back with tiny facecloths for Hideki and Itou, but nothing for me.

"I already offered her some underwear, but she said she didn't need any," she explained. Hideki and Itou seemed even more shocked. It made it sound like I'd planned to come out here half naked. I certainly hadn't meant for anything of the sort!

A gust of wind blew in from the open door, causing my t-shirt to billow up even more at the back.

"Kyaaa!" I squealed, desperately trying to get the hem under control. The boys were really staring at me now, and Michiyo was killing herself laughing.

"Close the door!" my uncle boomed, the only voice of reason in the whole place. Itou was standing in the door, holding it open, but he was so focused on my bare backside my uncle's request didn't register. I waved at him, trying to get him to close it, but his eyes had glazed over. He was off in another world.

I had to do something, so I turned to Sachi, telling her,

"I've changed my mind. Could I get a pair of jeans too?"

Turning away from the living room though, exposed my bare patootie to Kanako et al who seemed quite shocked. I suddenly felt my uncle's hands on my shoulders! I was so surprised I lost my grip on the t-shirt, allowing it to snap up, flashing my pussy at Hideki and Itou.

"Ooooo!" Hideki cried out, all excited.

"Give the poor girl something," my uncle insisted. I realize he was just trying to help, but touching me in my delicate state was just getting me all hot and bothered too. Namie's room was upstairs I knew, but that meant I had to go back past Hideki, Itou and Sachi to get there. I moved my uncle's hands away, and then took a few tentative steps toward them, hoping they'd clear a path for me to get through.

Michiyo gestured that my pussy was showing, so I quickly grabbed the hem of my t-shirt, and pulled it down over my goodies again. Sachi moved to the side to let me pass, but I could feel Hideki and Itou's eyes glued to my rear as I turned, and scampered up the stairs.

I was too excited by then though. This memory of one time that Ryosuke and I made love popped into my head. I was lying naked face down on his bed, and Ryosuke had tried to mount me from behind, but he almost put his penis in my back door by mistake. I guess it was the way the boys were making such a big deal about my bottom that reminded me of that.

I was worried that Hideki and Itou might follow me up, but I could hear Sachi insist that they take off their shoes first before entering the house, so that gave me a few seconds to think. When I got to the top of the stairs though, I scooted into the first bedroom on the right believing it to be Namie's. Hideki cried out,

"Hey! That's my room!" and came running up after me. I looked around, and he was right. There was manga and books and toys, but no mirror or anything. Woops. 

"Sorry I thought this was Namie's room," I told him, all out of breath from running. I'd never been in Hideki's bedroom before. It had a musky scent like a man, but it was fairly clean anyway. Itou caught up to us, but both of them were more curious about my nudity than anything else. I couldn't explain it myself. Somehow it had just happened. Hideki was still dripping wet, so I tried to change the subject.

"You'd better change," I said moving closer. "Which one is Namie's room?"

Both of them had quite noticeable hard ons, but I refused to acknowledge that. I was pretty wet down there myself.

"Damn woman. You got one fine looking...," Hideki mugged pointing out my bottom to Itou. Itou looked almost like he was in pain, his stiff cock straining against the too tight confines of his shorts. I wonder what his penis looks like.

Uncle Yuuzou yelled up the stairs for the two of them to,

"Leave her alone!"

I wasn't too worried though. Even with their raging hard-ons, I knew they wouldn't attack me. From the looks of it, they were more nervous about my being naked than I was.

Anyway, I eventually went back out into the hall, and tried to figure out which room was Namie's. Itou continued to eye-bang me, but finally, Hideki pointed me in the right direction. I waved bye-bye to Itou, and then scampered in.

Michiyo came upstairs, and appeared at the door. She was still laughing, sure that I and my whole family were crazy. I guess she doesn't run around naked in front of her cousins.

We could hear my aunt downstairs, tittering away at how I'd turned down her offer of panties. My aunt is like that though. She thinks everything I do is hilarious.

"I guess we kind of goofed up," Michiyo sighed. I got up, and went over to the dresser, and started rummaging through, looking for jeans. My aunt finally came up, and apologized.

"So sorry! I don't know what got into me," she smirked. I wasn't really angry at her anyway.

Sachi invited us to come down, and visit with Kanako and her husband, but I was too ashamed. Kanako-hubby looked pretty shocked when he saw my derriere, and I'd had enough teasing. We stayed in Namie's room till our clothes dried.

This whole adventure helped me understand Norika a little better. Maybe she hadn't meant to steal Tomoyuki from me, but just got swept up in her own excitement. I could see now how that might happen.

Emi Tsuruta
