They were all outside by the tables when he arrived. Potter, inexplicably, gave him a bright grin as he sat. Apparently he was forgiven, then.

"Merlin save me, sat next to you," said Snape, attempting to knock Potter's smile down a little; it did not work.

"It'll ruin your reputation," he agreed, smirking.

Severus could not think of an adequately unpleasant reply. Harry smiled, and looked away.

Snape followed his gaze, suddenly aware that the entire party was watching him. Mrs Weasley beamed, brandishing a bottle of sparkling wine, which proceeded to float merrily to each guest's cup. When the bottle returned to her, she brandished it pointedly at her seated family. They all looked slightly awkward.

"Well, one of you should do it," she said. "Bill, you're eldest."

"Yes, but Dad – or Harry –"

"Oh, bother this, I'll do it," said Charlie, and stood with his glass up. "Ahem," he said throwing his head back. "I believe that the people of this table would very much like to propose a toast to Severus Snape. He has triumphed through untold adversity, kicked evil's arse and now lives freely to tell the tale, so three cheers for Snape!"

"Charlie, honestly," said Mrs Weasley, and then, "To Severus!"

Snape felt strangely mortified. He'd spent untold years craving acclaim, but now he had it he thought he'd rather run and hide. It was amusing, however, to hear a group of people more accustomed to calling him 'Snape' all try to look like they were comfortable using his first name.

Charlie sent him a grin. Potter, beside him, looked uneasy. Snape wondered if Charlie bothered Potter that much, even now.

"To Severus," repeated Molly, looking teary, and Snape was appalled.

"Thank you," he said, shifting in his seat, and she smiled.

"Thank you, Severus. Now, I think we all better tuck in before it goes cold!"

Everyone set to with enthusiasm, and for the first time in a while Snape remembered his appetite.

"But that is not all!" said Fleur, spooning out casserole with dainty precision. "Bill has a little something to cheer about also!"

Bill looked abashed but pleased as the party toasted his new and lucrative position at Gringotts. This led into a round of curse-breaking stories, which led into dragon-taming stories, which led into a competition between Bill and Charlie as to who had the best anecdote. They were cut down by George giving everyone an enigmatic smile and saying simply:

"Oh, the stories I could tell..."

"Go on then," said Bill, but George shook his head.

"Unfortunately, I value my life, and most of them mum doesn't know about," he said, prompting Molly to begin the third degree loudly over the starters. George looked unruffled.

"Wish I –" began Potter, then trailed off. Snape looked at him.

Potter grinned sheepishly.

"I was going to say something about having adventures, but I suppose I had plenty," said Harry. "Not that many of them were any fun."

"You will never convince me you don't enjoy flirting with danger, Potter," said Snape.

"Sometimes," said Potter, and his grin was more consciously charming than Snape had ever seen.

"Potter –" he said, and stopped.

"Potter, what?" said Harry, grin broad.

Snape sighed.

"I was merely wondering at your successful progress into adulthood, and how it ever occurred."

Harry grinned.

"With a lot of luck and a lot of help," he said. His smile turned shy. "You should know about the second bit."

"I was hardly a friend," Snape reminded him.

"I know," said Harry. "But you were still on my side. It doesn't matter how."

Snape wanted to disagree, wanted to say that of course it mattered, they hated each other, but as uneasy as it made him Snape knew that it was not strictly true. He'd meant it, back in the Ministry.

Snape was not entirely sure why Potter did seem to like him. He might have been trying to be less... relentlessly horrible, but he'd hardly been nice.

"I suppose it doesn't," he said, in mock-despair.

"Have some more potatoes, Severus," said Molly. "You look like you've lost pounds!"

"Wow," said Harry. "Weird not to be the one getting that."

"You're hardly elephantine, Potter," said Snape, looking him over.

"I know," he said, swallowing another forkful of casserole. "I think I'm just destined to be short and skinny. Maybe I should start playing Quidditch again."

Snape huffed involuntarily. Potter grinned.

"Don't see how you could not like Quidditch."

"Of course I like Quidditch," said Snape irritably. "Who have you ever met who doesn't like Quidditch?"

"Why that urgh, then?"

Snape considered.

"It's not the game, it's the players," he said eventually.

"Oh," said Potter, looking mildly offended.

"I didn't mean you specifically," he said, wondering why he was bothering.

"My dad, then," said Potter, a familiar line forming between his eyebrows.

"A topic I think we should avoid, if you are so earnest about being friends," said Snape, with as much calm as he could muster. "In any case, he's only one example. Do you not recall Ludo Bagman?"

Potter made a visible attempt to quash his irritation, and smiled weakly.

"I don't think all Quidditch players are like him," said Harry.

"But they do tend to have little intelligence and even less common sense, varying from dim to obsessive to violent depending upon their position, and they generally made the most dreadful students. Oh, perhaps I do mean you," he said. Potter, to his relief, snorted.

"We can't all be writing our own textbooks," he said. Snape smirked. "Besides, I knew loads of nice Quidditch players in school. Ron, for a start, and Ginny, and Angelina and Katie and Cho and Cedric..."

"Yes, Diggory was nice, wasn't he?" said Snape, innocently examining his fork.

"You certainly bring him up a lot, Professor," said Harry. Severus could see his grin out of the corner of his eye.

"Are you sure you are not projecting your own desires onto me?" murmured Snape.

Potter covered his shocked laugh with the rim of his glass.

"You're the one obsessing over an imaginary relationship between two teenage boys," he murmured back.

"The mere thought makes me ill," said Snape, utterly lying.

"Ah, because Charlie's that much older..."

Snape hit him on the head with his fork. Harry laughed.

"Careful, Potter, you'll sound jealous," he said.

"Jealous?" said Harry. "How do you mean?"

"If you've eyes on a male Weasley this time, I'm hardly going to stop you," said Severus, and was intrigued when Harry looked shifty.

"Ah. Right," he said. "Yeah."

"I don't think they're fighting," said Hermione to Ron, in the worst whisper Snape had ever heard.

"We're not fighting, Hermione," said Harry. "Maybe give us until dessert."

Snape smirked. Hermione looked pleased and intrigued.

Potter turned to his friends, and Snape told himself he was glad to have some peace. He contented himself watching Ginny; she was talking cheerfully to Charlie and carefully ignoring Potter, if you did not count the sly glances to check if he'd noticed. He hadn't.

"How is Miss Weasley?" murmured Snape into Potter's ear. He smiled and turned his head.

"Alright, I think. We haven't had the chance to talk much, but she dragged me into her room for a talk the other night so I told her about... my feelings at the moment. She took it really well."

Snape smirked.

"Did you tell her you loved her like a sister?"

Potter frowned.

"Why?"

"Because if you did, I would watch your genitalia, because she promised to hex them off."

Potter winced. Snape snorted.

"So is she not alright?" said Potter quietly, leaning forward.

"I have no idea," said Snape. Potter's dark lashes fluttered as he winced again, and Snape realised that his eyes were not Lily's at all. They were a deeper green, subtly different, or perhaps it was just the dark lashes casting shadows in them. But more than that, they showed Potter's spirit, all innocence and defiance, and they were beautiful.

Harry looked up quizzically into Snape's stare, and Snape raised an eyebrow.

"She's certainly been keeping an eye on you," he said, glancing up to the woman herself, and was surprised to meet a vitriolic Weasley glare in his direction. He frowned, then glanced at Potter and realised how close he was.

And how Potter was leaning in.

He sat back with a feeling of great disturbance, and was grateful for the distraction of dessert. After being handed more trifle than one man could possibly be expected to eat, Snape pushed his chair back, and listened to the sounds of lazy after-dinner chatter with a feeling of peace he could barely recall experiencing.

No, he recalled it. It was with Lily, on the grounds of Hogwarts, sharing a book in comfortable closeness. They'd been eleven years old.

Snape was not sure he had felt anything more innocently good since then.

"Are you alright?" said Potter. "You look... er, serious."

Snape rolled his eyes.

"I was thinking, Potter. People do that, on occasion."

"You especially," said Harry. "You know, half the reason I hated you is because you made me feel stupid."

"A harsh judgement," said Snape idly. "You are simply lacking in even the slightest bit of sense."

"Ah, and you're obviously king of sense," said Harry with a grin.

"More so than you, certainly," he said, but he'd obviously somehow conveyed his lack of seriousness to Potter, who would never previously have distinguished between genuine spite and verbal sparring.

"I do alright," he said, smile wry, and turned to Ron again.

When everyone was feeling a little less stuffed, Molly brought out the wireless again.

"Celestina Warbeck's Hour of Romance, don't you know," she said, and twisted the dial. 'A Cauldron of Hot, Strong Love' started up.

"Oh, Arthur..." she said, in an alarmingly soppy tone.

"Merlin save us," murmured Snape. Potter laughed at him.

Arthur caught Molly's hand and drew her to the lawn, and to everyone's surprise they began an impressively energetic jive.

"I'm so glad I'm single," said Potter, mercifully with tactful quietness.

"I'm kinda starting to like dancing," admitted Weasley beside him, and Hermione's expression turned to something that, considering who it was directed at, made Snape a little ill.

"Go on, then," said Potter. "I'll survive without you."

"Sure?" said Ron, and Potter shooed them away. He then looked around at the table and seemed to realise that not dancing would mean that he would be left, among others, face to face with Ginny.

"I think I'm going to write an owl to Dean then go to bed," said Ginny, full of somewhat unproductive spite. Gryffindor after all, thought Snape.

She flounced off, and Bill and Charlie looked after her, concerned.

"Dean Thomas, yes?" said Snape. "I think she'll be fine."

"Oh," said Bill. "He's alright, then?"

"He's really nice," said Potter, and muttered, "Nicer than me."

"Prat," muttered Snape.

"Are we dancing to zis dreadful wailing?" said Fleur, wrinkling her nose. "Or are we just going to listen?"

"Come on, then," said Bill, pulling her up. "Let's show them how it's done."

Even Fleur's jive, it seemed, was graceful.

"Right," said Charlie, moving up to their end of the table, pulling George with him. "Potter, welcome to the cool group," he said. "Wanna drink?"

"I'm beginning to think you have a problem, Weasley," said Snape, as Charlie pulled out a bottle of vodka. "At the very least, you have bad taste."

"It's what keeps me warm in Romania," said Charlie. "Not man enough for it?"

"I'm older and wiser than you. That sort of challenge does not work on me."

"Works on me," said Potter, and he accepted a conjured shot glass.

George, he realised, was strangely silent. Snape eyed him – he was looking at him with a wary, resentful expression. Snape realised with surprise that they had not truly spoken yet, for all the times they'd been in the same room. Six years of detentions and spite still loomed between them.

"It seems I still owe you an apology," he said, knocking back a shot of vodka to get the taste of the words from his mouth.

"You owe me an ear," he said, but then he grinned. "S'alright, I figured you were aiming to miss. Aiming to miss really badly, mind you –"

"I was aiming for someone else," said Snape. "But I'll concede the badly."

George grinned, and Snape relaxed.

"Come on, let's play a game or something," said Charlie.

"I'm not sure I can keep up with your wild partying," said Snape dryly. He glanced at Potter.

"Me neither," he said.

"You alright, Harry?" said Charlie.

"Yeah," he said, shaking his head and messing up his hair. "What kind of game?"

"Truth or dare?"

"Not a chance," said Snape. "I'm not fifteen."

"I've never played," said Potter, staring at his vodka glass.

"Never played?" said George, appalled. "I always knew there was something wrong with your year."

"How about you, Severus?" said Charlie, grinning wickedly. "I bet you played some wild games."

Snape leaned back and surveyed them all with superiority.

"I was in Slytherin," he said. "We are the only house who knows the meaning of the word party. And it's only got worse, judging by the parties I was required to break up in my time. Potter, you're pouting."

"No I'm not," he said, pouting more. Then he sighed.

"Everyone in the universe has more of a life than me," he said.

"Bit of a reason for that," said George. "Which is why you need to drink another vodka and play truth or dare with us."

Charlie poured him a drink. He threw it back, pulling a disgusted face, and set it down in determination.

"Alright," he said. Charlie screwed the lid down on the vodka bottle and picked it up.

"I'm up for it and everything, but I'm not playing around mum," he said. "Let's go find somewhere to play."

"Snape's got a big room," said George. "Bet it's tidiest, too."

George sent him an expectant look, challenging him. Snape rolled his eyes and rose, wondering what on earth was possessing him even considering sich a silly game. But Charlie's vodka was good and he had no desire to spend another evening watching the Weasley family dance.

Potter gave him a nervous smile. Snape looked away, and led the way up to his room.

They all sat on the floor at the foot of the bed. Snape summoned a pillow.

Charlie poured them all another drink, and Snape tossed his back with apprehension. Charlie conjured a spinning arrow; it stopped on George.

"Truth or dare?" said Charlie.

"Dare," said George, unsurprisingly fearless.

"Right," said Charlie, looking at Snape and Potter. "This has got to be good."

Potter looked meditative.

"How about ... I don't know, yelling something out the window? Doing a dance?"

Charlie frowned.

"No one would bat an eyelid," he said. "It has to be something really dramatic."

A quiet pause while everyone tried to think of something that would scare a Weasley twin.

"How about writing something obscene in lights above the party?" offered Charlie. George laughed.

"Alright, done," he said, leaping up.

"Oi, no! That's a rubbish one! We were just discussing!" said Charlie, but George was already at the window, firing a spell into the air. He ducked from view, cackling.

"Does that fit the bill, Charlie?" he said, and Snape peered out of the widow – from a distance, of course – in order to see George's handiwork.

"They won't be able to get rid of that for hours," he said. "And they'll never know where it came from."

"Very impressive," said Snape, snorting at the giant pink phallus hovering above the somewhat bemused dinner guests. He had the strong suspicion it was based upon certain other difficult-to-dissipate spells with rather darker purposes.

George caught Snape's train of thought, and smirked.

Charlie spun the arrow again. It stopped on Potter.

"Erm, truth," he said, nervously.

"Truth, truth..." began Charlie, and considered. "Hmm... let me think, what did we ask in school?"

"Have you ever fantasised about a teacher?" said George, with a wicked glance at Snape.

"No!" said Potter automatically, then visibly stiffened. "No, of course not," he repeated, much less convincingly.

"Ohohoh!" said George. "Are you trying to lie to us, Potter? you know that's bad form. Very dishonourable."

"Alright," said Harry. "Yeah, I have. Sort of."

"Ooh, who?" said Charlie.

"I've already answered the question," said Potter.

"Damn," said George. "Aw, go on Potter, you know you want to tell us!"

"I really, really don't," said Harry, with a faint grin. "You have to ask better questions."

Snape, wildly curious though he might have been, couldn't help but approve.

"Hmph," said George. "Next time, we will."

Another spin, and Charlie got the dare this time.

Snape considered.

"Grope your choice of partner for at least ten seconds," said George. Snape snorted and Potter spluttered in shock.

"My choice?" said Charlie.

"Meaning anyone at the party, non-Weasley obviously, including those outside," he said.

"That doesn't give me muchof a choice, does it?" said Charlie, locking eyes with Potter. "I don't think I could get ten seconds with Fleur or Hermione without fratricide, or at least a hearty slap. Not that I'd want to, no offence to them. I'll just have to pick one of you," said Charlie, grinning at Snape and Harry. "But first, a few questions. Under or over clothes, where exactly, and what constitutes a grope?"

"I would have thought you'd know by now, Charles, but a grope is this." He grinned and made a grabbing motion with his hand.

There was a knock on the door. Snape, not quite able to cope with the tension of what could surely be a grope in his direction, breathed a sigh of relief.

"Who is it?" he asked.

"It's us, Professor," said Hermione. "Do you know where Harry and Charlie and George are?"

"In here, it would seem," said Snape, wandlessly opening the door. Ron and Hermione looked in curiously.

"Come and join us!" said Charlie. "We're playing truth or dare."

Hermione looked surprised and vaguely disapproving, but Ron grinned.

"I'll play if you give us a drink," said, dropping to kneeling. Charlie poured him out a shot, and Hermione rolled her eyes and shut the door. She sat down between Potter and Weasley.

"I'm claiming trauma-induced insanity," said Snape. Hermione gave him a look as though she sympathised.

"We're currently waiting for Charlie to get on with his dare," said George.

"What is it?"

"To grope someone of his choosing for ten seconds," he said.

Ron grimaced and laughed at the same time.

"But surely the gropee has to consent?" said Hermione, coughing bravely through her drink.

"Who'd say no to me?" Charlie teased. "Right, who's it to be, Hermione, Harry or Severus?"

"Don't even think about it," growled Ron. Charlie rolled his eyes but nodded deferentially. Snape was amused to note that Hermione looked annoyed.

"What a dilemma, then," said Charlie. He slid closer to them both. Snape would never have admitted he was holding his breath.

He slid a hand over Potter's thigh, and Harry went vivid scarlet as Charlie grinned and rubbed the crotch of his jeans.

"Urgh, I can't watch," said Ron.

"One," said Charlie slowly. "Two... three..."

"Four-five-six-seven-eight-nine-ten," said Ron rapidly, and Charlie rolled his eyes again but pulled away.

Potter seemed breathless. Snape could sympathise.

"Rubbish," said George. "He wasn't embarrassed at all. I think I agree with Ronniekins."

He spun the arrow again. It landed on Potter.

"Truth or dare?" said Charlie, with a glint in his eye.

"Well I'm not going to say truth now, am I?" he said.

"Alright, Potter, I dare you to tell us about this fantasy you've had about a teacher, in graphic detail," said George. Charlie cackled. Potter looked disturbed.

"No way," he said.

"Then you get a forfeit of our choosing," said Charlie in mock-sympathy.

"What's the forfeit?"

Charlie and George whispered to each other, nodded, whispered to Ron and Hermione and then grinned the grin of the extremely satisfied.

"You have to drink another shot, then snog whoever the arrow next lands on. Five seconds, with tongues."

Potter squirmed. Snape was beginning to find this amusing.

"I forfeit," he said, to Snape's great surprise, and the group booed. Harry threw back his shot and then spun the arrow.

It landed on Snape.

There was a quiet, loaded pause.

"You asked for it," said George, to Potter. He looked, in a display of tact he might not have used with his twin present, to be trying not to laugh.

"Oh, come on," said Ron. "It's hardly fair, I mean, neither of them wants to," he said.

"What are the rules if the person being kissed doesn't want to be?" said Hermione, looking more curious than agitated. "I mean, surely he's not tied by the demands of another person's dare?"

"Gryffindor, house of the brave," said Potter quietly, and before Snape had a chance to protest, there were lips on his.

For a moment Severus froze, hand coming up against Potter's warm chest, unable to think; it felt like a spark against his skin. Through a shocked haze he realised he should object, should shove him away, but Harry was the first to move; he tilted his head and slid his tongue across Severus' lip, and the scandal of it flooded him like fire. He tried to shove the boy away properly, but Potter's tongue was deliciously insistent – trust him not to think of only pretending to use it – and Snape could only think of how good this would be if he could really do it, if Harry was writhing and desperate beneath him, if they were alone and wanton and unburdened by history.

Harry's hand clutched at his shoulder, and Snape wondered if the nails digging in were purely for balance.

"...Four, five," he heard Charlie say, and he removed the hand from Harry's chest. Potter sat back, eyes on the floor.

There was a quiet pause.

"Nothing is going to top that for shock factor," said George, sounding impressed, and Charlie laughed. There was a twinkle in his eye that appalled Severus, deeply.

"I feel like I need another drink after that," he said, pouring them all shots. He poured Ron two.

"You need to catch up," he explained. And recover from that piece of insanity, thought Snape, who would have liked two himself. "I know I'm a bad bad man, but it's about time you got smashed with your brothers, don't you think?"

"You and Bill took Percy out when he was sixteen," complained George. "And now you're giving Ronniekins booze. How come we never got anything?"

"You were sneaking Firewhisky from the Hogwarts kitchen for years before we would have dreamt of feeding you any," said Charlie, carefully ignoring the plural. "And Percy needed to loosen up. Still does, really."

"Shall we spin?" said Snape, glad to have the drink, partly for its effect but also partly to excuse his complete lack of resistance to being jumped on by an ex-student.

The arrow landed on Hermione, who somewhat nervously asked for a truth.

"You know, the usual questions about sex become suddenly far less entertaining when you're talking to your brother's girlfriend," mused Charlie. Hermione went scarlet.

Ron, who was looking blank, snapped out of it to look murderous.

"Alright," said Harry, apparently finding his voice. "How about my question. Teachers."

Hermione looked shifty.

"Okay," said Charlie. "Have you ever fantasised about a teacher or teachers, and if so which ones?"

"This isn't exactly going to shock," she said, "But I was young, and I didn't know he was an idiot, and –"

"And you have a weakness for idiot celebrities?" said Potter, grinning.

"Urgh," said Snape, "If you say Lockheart, Miss Granger, my opinion of you may well be lowered beyond all recovery."

"Well, um..." said Hermione. "I was quite young. I don't fancy him now."

"Merlin, how appalling," said Snape.

"He was... you know, pretty," said Potter, in valiant defence of his friend. "If you ignored everything he said or did."

"Not really my type," said Snape, pulling his most disgusted face, and Hermione giggled. Charlie smirked at him.

"So what is?" he said.

"That sounds like a question for the game," said Snape, crossing his arms.

"Right," said Charlie, and spun it once more.

"Truth," said Charlie, when it landed on him.

"Your biggest drunken regret," suggested Snape, and everyone nodded.

"You mean sexual drunken regret?"

"Not necessarily," said Snape, rolling his eyes. Charlie contemplated.

"Oh, actually I think it has to be not sleeping with someone. They were hot, I was in town for the weekend, but I slammed back a few too many tequilas and forgot their room number. Little did I know that it would lead to a six-month drought which genuinely made me consider a dragon."

The group sniggered.

"They?" enquired Snape. "As in, more than one?"

Charlie looked uneasily at Ron.

"No," he said. "I'm not that good."

"Ah," said Snape, smirking, wondering if he was too cruel. He did not think much of Charlie's avoidance of gendered pronouns, but Charlie was looking pleadingly at him, and Snape would have dropped it if it hadn't been for the sudden look of comprehension on Ron's face.

"You do know I know, right?" he said. "I saw you snogging that friend of yours when I was like, eleven."

"Oh," said Charlie blankly. Then he beamed.

"Oh, good," he said, all cheer again. "In that case, he was damned hot and spoke very little English and it would have been excellent if I hadn't completely forgotten his room number and knocked on the door of a very confused old Dutch lady," he said. Everyone sniggered again.

"Forgive me," said Snape, looking at Charlie in a way he hoped might approximate apologetic. Charlie shrugged.

"It's a stupid secret," he said, and for a second the inner him was visible beneath the sunny smiles. Snape wondered what Charlie was so very afraid of, that he should be so fiercely cheerful, and hide so much of himself.

Snape spun the arrow this time. It landed on Ron, and Hermione chirped up this time by daring him to shave his legs. He did so, very poorly, with a shaving charm, and his brothers spent at least ten minutes saying how good they'd look in a skirt until Ron fired the charm at George, who nearly had a streak shaved off the side of his head.

George, an obvious master of unusual jinxes, turned his trainers into high heels and stuck them to Ron's feet. Ron was only calmed by Hermione giggling and telling him he carried off heels way better than they could.

Snape leaned against the wall. Potter shifted back to join him.

"I don't think I'm very good with vodka," he murmured. Snape said nothing.

"Aha! Snape!" said Charlie, indicating to the arrow. "What did I want to ask you earlier?"

"What his type was," supplied Potter.

"Oh, yes! Go on then, what's your type?"

"Contrary to popular belief, it's not pretty redheads with green eyes," he said. He smiled a slow, wicked smile at Charlie. "Not that I have any objection to redheads, of course."

"Answer the question, Severus," he said, smiling faintly and unashamedly, staring Snape down.

"I was going to," said Snape.

He paused to think. It was not as though he'd had many affairs – certainly not enough to discern a pattern from. He tended to see the appeal of prettier men than Charlie, more delicate men – there was something appealing about the thought of himself, so unattractive and unappealing, being allowed to touch something something fragile and perfect. He'd felt that way once, as though he had something that should have been forbidden to him, something truly gorgeous. But power appealed to him too, and fire and passion, and in all honestly it didn't matter to him much what they looked like. Only that they felt.

Charlie, he had always known, was not his type at all. His was the type of innocence he could not touch, the sunny, normal kind.

"Dark hair," he said eventually. "Slim, delicate, intelligent, passionate, nice eyes."

"Oh, really," said Charlie. "Have someone in mind with that description?"

His eyes flicked to Potter, and Snape realised it was unsettlingly close.

"I've answered the question," he said, cursing the fact that he could see the conclusions leaping to everyone's faces. He did not look at Potter.

"You've not covered gender," said Charlie, in a clear attempt at revenge.

"As if you need to ask," Snape countered, a far better revenge.

A pause, then Potter took control of the arrow. It landed on Snape again.

"Oh, very well, truth," he said. Potter looked surprised and embarrassed, which Snape thought rather presumptuous.

"Who were you thinking of when you told us your type?" asked Charlie. A pause, and then he added quickly, "And describe your relationship with them."

"Are you sure you want to ask? It's not exactly a happy tale."

Charlie hesitated.

"You're just trying to get out of saying," he said. "Answer it."

Snape paused dramatically, just to see Potter's face.

"Regulus Black," he said, and Potter looked insultingly relieved.

"You knew him?" said Hermione, sounding fascinated.

"Very much so," said Snape dryly.

"What was he like?" said Potter quietly, and Snape looked down at him.

"Like your godfather, only slimmer, more delicate, more intelligent and in my opinion, infinitely more beautiful."

Snape hadn't meant to say beautiful. He swallowed.

"I didn't mean what did he look like," he said.

"No," said Snape. "I expect not. He was... young, and idealistic, and passionate, and immensely troubled," said Snape. "As was I, I suppose."

Potter smiled softly.

"So why did he –"

"Join the Death Eaters? Because unlike your dogfather, and in a way that was beyond my comprehension, too, he knew what it meant to bear a wizarding name."

"What does it mean?" Said Harry, very quietly.

"It means loyalty," said Snape, who still remembered almost word-for-word what Reg had told him. "Because when the muggles come with stakes and flames, who will defend you? It means responsibility, so that you might better wizardkind. It's your place in the world, something you can wave as proudly as a battle flag, something that means there will always be allies. Ask them, ask the Weasleys what it means. The families may be different, but the spirit is the same."

He glanced at Charlie, George and Ron. Their expressions were identical; they knew.

Snape had always longed for that. He wasn't like them, he'd never known security like that. He'd certainly found it in the Death Eaters.

He turned back to Potter. He looked transfixed.

"Regulus loved his family, and they he," he explained. "Which was why when his wretch of a brother left them as though his name was nothing, and when he realised that he he was already betraying them in a way he could not control by denying them an heir, he devoted his life to making them proud. Which is why it is a miracle he did what he did – why he did something which he believed meant betrayal, though it brought more honour to the Black family than has been present in a thousand years. I wish I had known what he had planned – I wish he'd trusted me, though I can't say whether that trust would have been deserved. I wish I were as good a man as he."

Snape was drunk. That was what it had to be. Because the man he thought he was would never bear his soul, could never indulge in this childish game, could never tell people he hated of the only man he'd ever come close to loving. He could not entertain the prospect that maybe he was no longer the man he thought.

Potter looked at him, and there was the one expression in his eyes that had never failed to spear him through, that he'd hated more than all the glares and suspicion and resent. It was understanding.

"You are," he said quietly. Then, "I would have liked to meet him."

"He would have liked you," he said. Harry looked away.

Severus glanced up at Charlie.

"I warned you it was not a happy story," he said. Charlie smiled.

"I'm sorry," said Charlie. "But it was good to know."

Ron was whispering to Hermione.

"What are you two conspiring about?" said George, breaking the tension.

"Oh," said Ron, looking shifty. "We were talking about going to bed."

"So soon?" said Charlie woefully.

"Bet you were," said George wickedly.

"We wanted to be in bed before mum comes in," he said, looking so faux-innocent that Snape wished to gag. Charlie rolled his eyes.

"Ah, fine, get gone," said Charlie. Ron and Hermione rose, holding hands, and shot a look at Potter, who smiled faintly and nodded. They left; Potter watched them, smile vanishing.

"Perhaps we should all go to bed like good little boys," said Charlie once they had left. "I'm going back in the morning, and I promise that this time I'm not coming back for at least two months."

"We ought to at least finish the vodka," said George, looking just as glum as Potter at this pronouncement.

"I should sleep soon. But we can finish it in my room if you fancy," said Charlie. "We can talk about all these stories you wouldn't tell mum. Or I can tell you the ones I didn't tell." he grinned. George smiled back.

"You alright for us to go?" said Charlie. Snape nodded.

Charlie stood up, yanking George with him. Snape rose too, and followed Charlie to the door. He caught his arm in the doorway.

"I feel I should apologise," said Snape quietly. "For my pettiness earlier."

"It's okay," said Charlie, smiling sadly. "It was... well, finding out about Ron's given me something to think about. And I was hardly virtuous myself. I shouldn't have asked –"

"I did not have to tell you anything," said Snape. "I did, after all, make a career out of lying. And cheating, for that matter."

Charlie grinned.

"May I ask you something?" said Snape. Charlie nodded.

"Why are you living in Romania? It's not the only place with dragons."

Charlie covered his surprise with a grin.

"Is this a way of saying you'll miss me?" he teased.

"You're avoiding the question," said Snape. Charlie's smile dropped a little.

"I... I don't know exactly. I guess I just wanted to escape a bit, and I've never looked back. I know this looks like... a great family, and everything, but for me and Bill... it wasn't always. When we were growing up was, well, a really bloody scary time to be growing up. Mum and dad were constantly worrying, and fighting a lot, and fighting against Voldemort too, and they tried but they didn't have much time for us. But they were so... well, fiercely protective, they didn't let us do anything and a couple of times they discussed keeping us at home instead of Hogwarts. That paranoia really stuck with Percy – did you know he was the only one of us who wasn't planned? – but me and Bill just... well we both left the second we could, desperate for some space. Us especially, I was stuck sharing rooms with Bill for a while when Ginny was born and it drove us both mad. And I... I've been so frightened of being... I dunno, tied down."

Snape nodded.

"Being tied down can be fun, or so I hear," he said, and though he smirked, there was a note of seriousness.

"Bill likes it, or so I hear," he said, his answering smirk allowing ambiguity. "You're not offering, are you? Um, the metaphorical tying, I mean."

"Of course not," he said, amused at Charlie's horror. Charlie looked embarassed, and laughed.

"No, don't know what I was thinking," he said. "But I thought I ought to check. I've had a few people who thought it was serious when I thought we were definitely on the same wavelength."

Charlie grinned again.

"You're a great man," he said. "Now go see why Harry's got his puppy-dog eyes on."

Charlie turned before Snape could protest, and clapped an arm around George's shoulder and trooped off to the stairs.

Snape turned rather apprehensively to Potter, who shifted awkwardly on his feet.

"Didn't know all that about Charlie," he said.

"Nor do you know the rules on eavesdropping, apparently," said Snape.

"Course I don't," he agreed. "I was always positively encouraged. Not that that's an excuse, I suppose."

"I'm hardly innocent on that front," reflected Snape.

"Didn't know about Percy, either," he said.

"It is certainly interesting," said Snape. "Are you intending to go to bed any time soon?"

"Yeah, right," said Potter darkly. "With Ron and Hermione in it?"

"Ah," said Snape, and shut the door. He sank onto his bed.

Harry shifted awkwardly.

"I'll just go and... make myself a drink or something."

"Oh, for Merlin's sake," he said, leaning back into his pillows and closing his eyes. "You can lurk about here if you really want. Though why you would want to –"

"I liked... hearing you talk," said Potter.

"That wasn't talking, it was truth or dare," said Snape. "And I've done enough sharing to last me the year."

"Yeah. I'm sorry. You hate that I know all the things I do. You never wanted me to."

"Do you not hate how much I know about you?" said Snape, keeping his eyes closed. He heard Potter move to sit on the chair beside the bed.

"I... no. I used to, or at least I used to hate you looking. You always seemed to find some way to make it reflect badly on me, no matter what it was."

"Yes," he agreed, "I did. Mostly because I was always looking for ways."

"You're a git," said Harry.

"Are you trying to pick a fight, Potter? Because I'm really too tired."

"No," he said. "I don't know what I'm doing. I'm so... you confuse me."

"What now, was I cheating on your mother again?"

Snape was not sure why he was snapping, but Potter's open rambling unnerved him deeply.

"Oh, shut up," said Potter. "I just don't know what... to feel."

"You know you're drunk, don't you?"

"Yeah," said Potter. "Yeah, I must be. Because I think I kissed you."

"You're not that drunk," said Snape, "I would have thought you'd be able to remember half an hour ago. Is that what's bothering you?"

"Yes," said Harry, and it was the way he said it, despairing and desperate and low in his throat, that made Snape pay attention.

He raised an eyebrow with apparent calm, though his heart seemed to have stopped.

"I –" said Harry, then looked away.

"What is it, Potter? Am I not as dreadful a kisser as you imagined?"

"That's not it," he said.

"You're drunk and babbling," said Snape coldly.

"You're impossible," said Harry. "I'll just go."

Snape watched Potter fumbling with the door for a moment. He pulled it open, and Snape surrendered to his urge to stop the boy.

"Potter," he said, sliding forward off the end of the bed and catching his arm. Potter looked at him, wide-eyed and afraid, and Severus realised that in this moment, he could do what he'd imagined. That he could pin the boy and make him writhe and Potter would let him, let Snape brush away all the millions of objections they both should have. Potter was tilting his chin up, whether in defiance or through some instinct, Severus did not know, and he'd never been terribly good at resisting temptation.

He pushed Potter away.

"Come back when you know what you're saying, Potter," he said, and shut the door in the boy's face.