"I see," my mother said into the phone, as she glared at Brian, who was sitting at the breakfast table. "And you say it's perfectly normal?"
"It is, Mrs. Pepper," said the female doctor. Brian's mother had gotten her number from a friend -- she apparently specialized in unusual sexual situations -- after becoming alarmed at how often her son was brazenly jerking his cock in front of her and her daughters. "Brian is a growing boy who has hormones raging through his body. It's quite normal for him to get erections regularly, even -- perhaps especially -- while around your house."
"But... but..." Brian's mother sputtered, "But he's... masturbating! Right now!" She stared directly at her son's huge penis, which he was, indeed pumping up and down as he, in turn, stared lustfully at his mother's body.
"I understand, Mrs. Pepper. It's unusual. But he has to do something to relieve himself. Otherwise, there might be permanent damage."
"Well I certainly don't want that," the mother said. "And I know 18-year-olds masturbate regularly. I am the mother of two daughters, including Brian's twin sister, after all. I just don't understand why he has to do it in front of me. It's... degrading. He's staring right at my breasts as he... pumps. And he's so very hard. I can see his penis throbbing from here, and it's getting progressively more purple. Oh goodness, he's using both hands now."
For the first time during the conversation, without changing his gaze, Brian spoke. "I'm sorry, Mom. It's because it's so thick. One hand doesn't go all the way around."
"Brian, it's disgusting! Why can't you do that in your room?"
"Now, Mrs. Pepper, please. Try to stay calm. Brian is just doing what he needs to do. And I think we both know why he needs to relieve himself so often and in your presence."
"I... I don't know what you mean," the mother said.
"I think you do. Please put Brian on the phone."
The mother looked at her son, slowly stroking his huge cock with both hands.
"I... don't think he can hold the phone right now."
"Very well, put the phone to his ear."
The mother hesitated, then slowly walked toward her wanking son. She stood next to him, staring hypnotically at his big, swollen penis. She put the phone to his ear.
"Brian?"
"Yes doctor."
"I want you to turn toward your mother."
He turned his head. There, just inches from his face, were his mother's gigantic breasts, clad in a tight black sweater. He could see the outline of her bra and, underneath it, near nipples, which were clearly rock-hard.
"Are you staring at your mother's breasts, Brian?"
"Yes, ma'am."
The mother squirmed as her son ogled her breasts.
"Describe your mother for me as you masturbate, Brian.
He looked up at her face. "Uhhh... She's beautiful."
The mother instinctively smiled. "Thank you, honey."
"You know what, Brian?" the doctor said. "Tell your mother to switch to speakerphone."
"Mom, she wants you to turn on the speakerphone."
The mother sighed, annoyed, causing her chest to swell as she inhaled. Brian felt himself getting hornier by the moment.
"Can you both hear me now?" They could. "Brian, please describe your mother as you masturbate. Ms. Pepper, please do not interrupt him."
"But I --"
"Please, Ms. Pepper. I need to hear what your son has to say."
"Well," the son began. "Like I said, she's gorgeous. You'd never know she was a mother of three. Except... maybe her breasts. She once told me they've gotten bigger with each of us."
The mother blushed and, unconsciously, began to her gently rock her torso side to side, making her massive breasts sway."
"Mrs. Pepper, is that true?" the doctor asked.
"I don't think it's appropriate for me to be talking --"
"Ms. Pepper! Please. Answer my question," said the doctor sternly.
"Yes ma'am." She didn't know why she was being so solicitous. It just... felt right. "Yes, that is true. When I was Brian's age, I was a DD cup. After I had Brian's sister, Jennifer, I grew to a EE and, to my surprise, stayed there after she finished suckling. Then I had the twins, Brian and Becky, and again I grew."
"To what, Ms. Pepper? How big did you get?" came the voice from the phone.
"I... I don't want to say. It's embarrassing." Her son stared directly at her bosom, which was rising and falling quickly now.
"Ms. Pepper, go on."
"I... I'm a HH cup."
"My goodness!" the doctor said. "That is indeed huge. And if memory serves, you are fairly petite."
"About 5 feet 2 inches. 115 pounds or so."
"She's, uh, also got a big bubble butt," Brian chimed in, increasing his jerk- off speed.
"Brian!" the mother admonished, her huge breasts shimmying slightly as she did.
"Is that true, Mrs. Pepper?" the doctor asked.
"Well... yes, I have rather round, large buttocks."
"And a slim waist," the boy added. He looked up at her adoring face. "But she's also just so beautiful." Pre-cum was beginning to seep from his swollen prick.
"That's very sweet of you, dear."
"What exactly would you say makes her so beautiful, Brian?" the doctor asked.
"She's got long dark hair and the most gorgeous eyes I've ever seen. Bright blue. And she's just... really petite. Except for the obvious parts."
The mother smiled bashfully.
"She sounds lovely. Ms. Pepper, do you daughters take after you in the bust department?"
"I... don't see what that --"
"Please indulge me, Mrs. Pepper. Jennifer is 23 and Becky is 18, correct?"
"That's right ma'am. And yes, they do. Jennifer is a DD cup and Becky is a FF cup."
"Well, I'm starting to see why Brian feels the need to jerk off so much around the house. Brian, how long have you been masturbating?"
"You mean this... session?"
"Yes, since before your mother called me."
"Uh, probably 10 minutes?"
"That's enough, Brian. You need to finish."
The mother gasped and took the doctor off speakerphone. "Doctor, do you mean he should... cum? In front of me?" She paused. "I see." She paused again, then gasped. "Doctor, I could never do that.... Yes, I do. No, I don't want him to injure himself in any way.... OK, fine. One moment."
She put the speakerphone back on and put it on the table. Then, to her son's utter shock, she cupped her massive tits through her sweater and pushed them towards him, as if presenting them to him for his approval.
"Do you like your mother's breasts?" she said, without much passion in her voice.
The doctor's voice came through the speaker. "Mrs. Pepper, you can do better than that. And I strongly suggest you refer to yourself in the third person, using the word we discussed. You'd be surprised at what an effect it can have on a growing boy."
"Sorry, doctor," the top-heavy mother said. She sighed. "OK, I guess I'm doing this," she muttered to herself. She lightly squeezed her giant tits this time, sticking them right in her son's flushed face. "Sweetie? Do you like Mommy's huge breasts?"
"Uhh... yes."
"They are really big, huh? Do you like the way they look when Mommy plays with them?" She began to squeeze more aggressively, bouncing them for her son. "And look at Mommy's big butt." She turned and stuck out her bulbous bottom. "I bet you want to play with it." She turned back around. "But not as much as these," she said, staring down at her gigantic tits. "Do you see my nipples sticking through my sweater and bra? They are soooo hard." Without her even realizing it, her voice has taken on a girlish tone.
"Uhhhhh, oh god, Mommy...." The boy was now furiously stroking his huge, thick cock with both hands, staring again at his mother's massive rack. "Mommmmyyyy...."
"That's a good boy. Do you want to cum, sweetheart?" she cooed to her son. "Do you want to cum for Mommy?" The pre-cum was now streaming down his cock, providing additional lubrication for his hands, which were a blur.
"Yes Mommy, I want to cum for you."
"Let it go, baby. Show Mommy how much cum you can shoot out of that huge penis."
"UHHHHH! HERE IT COMES, MOMMY! I'M COMING FOR YOU!"
"Cum for me, sweetie! Cum for Mommy!" She was staring at his cock as she molested her giant chest -- and suddenly realized she was unbelievably horny. She leaned in more, her face less than a foot above his throbbing prick.
Suddenly, he roared and a huge rope of cum went flying into his mother's face. As cum dripped down her beautiful features, rope after rope of cum splashed her. She could have moved -- but she didn't. She let her son glaze her with his thick young cum.
"MOMMY! I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING ON YOUR FACE!"
The mother couldn't speak, as the ropes of cum continued, coating her eyes, her nose, and splashing into her waiting mouth.
Finally, the deluge subsided. His mother's face was absolutely coated in cum, which dripped down onto her well-stuffed sweater. She didn't know what to say, but she had to admit to herself: she had enjoyed it.
"Sorry, Mom. I --"
The doctor interrupted him. "Don't apologize, Brian. It sounds like you did a wonderful job. Mrs. Pepper, why don't you clean up and we can continue discussing a plan."
In a daze, the mother mumbled, "Yes, doctor. I'll call you back in a moment." She wandered off to the bathroom. Brian's cum-covered cock was slowly going flacid. He couldn't believe what had happened. He realized that the doctor was still on the phone. "Doctor?"
"Yes, Brian?"
"A plan?"
"Yes, Brian. Why don't you go clean up as well. I think you'll be pleased with what I have in mind."
His hand shaking, he went to hang up. "Yes, ma'am." He, too, wandered back to his room, his legs like jelly. What did she mean by "a plan"?

Brian had cleaned himself up and was recovering on his bed, massaging his thick, flaccid penis, when there was a knock on the door. "Come in," he murmured.
The door opened and his mother, backlit by the hallway, stood there, one arm up on the door jamb, the other on her hip. She was wearing -- well, the sexiest women Brian had ever seen. From bottom to top: high heels, maybe 3 or 4 inches, silk panties, a sheer see-through chemise nightdress, and, under it, a massive bra that cantilevered her breasts up and out. They spilled out of it, huge swells of Mommy-flesh. And a choker around her lithe neck. Her hair cascaded around her face, which was, unusually, made up -- mainly dark red lipstick, a color he had never seen her wear.
She stared at Brian, smouldering. "Can I come in?"
"Uh... sure," he squeaked.
She walked over to the bed, everything swaying and jiggling. His penis was very quickly hardening and there wasn't much he could do to hide it under his boxers. She sat down next to him, an intoxicating aroma swallowing them both, and started to gently caress his teenage torso.
"So, the doctor and I spoke some more. She explained to me that what you were doing was perfectly healthy. And that I should help you. Sweetheart, I love you very much, and I don't want you to be in distress. Obviously... my appearance turns you on." She moved her gaze downward, at his now rock-hard cock, tenting in his sweatpants. "The truth is that you've grown into a beautiful young man, and I find you very attractive. I think helping you with your problem would be... fun." She looked pained for a moment. "But there are things I won't do. I can't do. OK, sweetie? Mommy is going to take care of you, but you have to let me do what I'm comfortable with."
"Of course, Mommy. I love you so much. And I really appreciate... " He looked at her giant tits, clad in the chemise, and, he could easily see behind it, an elaborate red bra. "This. You look incredible. To be honest, I think I have to masturbate now." He slowly began to pull his pants over his huge cock. "I have to masturbate while I look at your body. Is that okay, Mommy?"
The voluptuous mother squirmed a bit, getting turned on. If her legs hadn't been crossed, her son would have seen how wet her red, lacy panties were. She had soaked through them.
"OK, sweetheart. You can start masturbating."
The insanely horny 18-year-old poured some lotion from his nightstand onto his penis and began to slowly jerk his huge, thick cock. Once again, he used both hands, which he found more pleasurable.
The ultra-busty mother blushed and, in a little-girl voice, said, "Tell Mommy what you want to do to her body. What have you been masturbating to all these years?"
"I..." Suddenly he felt so shy, despite the fact that he was massaging his cock right in front of his scantily-clad mother. "I think about kissing you."
"You think about kissing me here?" She touched her lithe finger to her succulent, red lips.
He nodded.
"What about here?" She touched her nipple through the sheer nightgown and bra. He could see them hardening as she did.
He nodded again.
"You've thought about suckling on Mommy's breasts?"
"Yes, Mommy."
"Well, maybe we can discuss that, Brian. I do know that the way you came all over Mommy's face earlier was totally unacceptable."
"I'm really sorry, Mommy. It was an accident! I would never..."
"I know, I know. I'm just trying to set some boundaries," she said, even as she stared at her son's huge penis as he pumped it. "Would you like to kiss Mommy now?"
The boy just gulped as he stared into his mother's deeply blue eyes. She smiled, leaned in and kissed him gently on the mouth. Her lips were like nothing he'd ever felt: soft, warm, ever so slightly wet. She kissed him a few more times that way, then darted her tongue into his mouth. Soon, they were fully making out like teenagers, both of them groaning in pleasure. Brian could not believe that he was masturbating while making out with his gorgeous mother.
Suddenly, she leaned back, and, staring into his eyes, unbuttoned the see- through chemise and shrugged it off. She put her hands under her massive tits and, cupping them, ever-so-slightly plumped them for him. Breast-meat bulged obscenely out of her lacy red bra.
"I suppose you'll want to play with Mommy's breasts next, huh?" she said in her little girl voice. "Do you really like them? They're soooo big. I've seen you and your friends stare at them."
It was true. Whenever Brian had a friend over, they were always shocked and entranced.
"Um... yeah, I guess they do." His own gaze wandered down to her massive rack. "Can..." His voice was shaky. "Can I touch them?"
The busty mother thrust her chest out, offering them to her child. "You can play with Mommy's breasts, sweetie."
Brian reached out and pushed them together, creating an enormous bulging cleavage. The mother looked down at it. "Oh, my goodness," she said. "Do you..." She was clearly turned on, though she wouldn't admit it. "Do you want me to take off my bra? Do you want to see Mommy's naked tits?"
Brian simply nodded his head, releasing her breasts from his touch. She reached behind her back and unhooked the massive bra.
"Are you ready, baby?" she asked her son. "Are you ready to see Mommy's huge breasts?"
He could only nod. She slowly lowered and removed the bra, revealing the most beautiful, massive tits he had ever seen. They were huge, yes, but also firm, spongy, round. And contrasted with her otherwise tiny torso, they looked simply gigantic. Her puckered nipples were medium sized, but rock-hard. All he could do was stare.
"So, here are the rules," she said, as she stood up, her bra-less tits swaying as she did. She casually pulled off her panties, which he now saw were soaking wet, and tossed them aside. "You can play with Mommy's body if it helps you ejaculate. And Mommy can play with your body. I'll even help you --" she waved in the general direction of his raging hard-on "-- with your problem. But you are not allowed to fuck Mommy. That would be full-on incest and I'm not okay with that."
Again, he could only nod.
"Now lie back," she said. He did, and to his shock, she straddled him, his rock straining against her little tummy. It was just inches from her sopping wet vagina. More immediately, her breasts hung magnificently just inches from his face. "Do you want to play with Mommy's naked tits, sweetheart? I'd like that very much."
He reached up and cupped her giant rack, his hands trembling with excitement. He squeezed them gently, feeling just how firm and yet soft they were.
"Wow," he murmured.
She began to maternally caress the back of his head with one hand, and lightly stroked his penis with the other. He gasped in pleasure.
"When I was your age, I was so self-conscious about having this figure. It's not easy! Just ask your sister. But as I got older, and as they got bigger..." She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. "...and bigger..." She kissed him on the other cheek. "...I started to love being so curvy and top-heavy. I liked the way men -- including your teenage friends -- looked at me. I liked the way you looked at me." He blushed.
"I'm sorry, Mom."
"No, it's okay. I promise." She kissed him gently on the lips."I understand you're a growing boy. The doctor explained it all to me." She kissed him on the lips again, this time lingering slightly. And on top of everything else, you have this large, very thick penis." She squeezed it. "That you apparently have to whip out and start stroking whenever you get turned out," she said, with a slight scold in her voice.
"I'm sorry, Mommy. You just... I get so... horny."
"I know, sweetie. And I'm sure your top-heavy sisters don't help the problem. Well, things are going to change around here. She paused, and squeezed his rock-hard cock again. "Do you have lotion, sweetheart?"
He gulped, nodded and squeaked, "In the night table."
She reached over and took out a tube of lotion and squirted a blob onto his penis, which was visibly throbbing, and started to jerk him off. He moaned in pleasure. Her hand looked tiny -- it didn't even come close to wrapping all the way around his pulsing cock. "Does that feel good, sweetie?"
"Yesssss."
"From now on, Mommy is going to take care of her baby boy." She began to stroke a little faster. Pre-cum began to flow out of his cock, over her petite hand. "You can play with Mommy's breasts now."
He wasted no time. He caressed, squeezed and swayed his mother's massive rack.
"Do you... do you want to suckle? Come suckle Mommy's big tit." She pulled his head into one of her massive breasts. He took her nipple into his mouth and began to suck. She jerked his cock, sandwiched between their abdomens. Her chest heaved with pleasure. "Uhhhhh... that feels good baby. So does your huge penis. I can feel it throbbing. He continued to molest her tit, licking and sucking her nipple, squeezing her tit with his hands to get more of it into his mouth. "Is baby ready to come now? Does baby want Mommy to make him cum?"
She reached down with both hands and began to stroke him more intently. Even with two hands, she just barely wrapped around his member.
He looked up at her. With his nipple in her mouth, he nodded. Suddenly, it was all too much. The nipple popped out of his mouth.
"It's cumming, Mommy! My penis is going to cum!"
"Cum for me, sweetie! Shoot out your cum! All over Mommy's body!"
They both leaned back slightly, knowing what was about to happen.
"Here it comes, Mommy! AHHHHHH!!"
His cock erupted. Thick ropes of cum shot out past both their faces, then feel, splattering over their body. More and more came out. She thrust out her massive tits.  
"Cum on Mommy's tits!"
"UHHHHH, FUUUUCK, CUMMING ON MOMMY'S GIANT TITS!"
More ropes came out, and coated her heaving tits. Cum ran down her jerking little hands. Finally, it slowed down and he was done. It was, by far, the most intense and voluminous orgasm of his life.
"Good job, sweetheart." She leaned in and kissed him passionately on the lips, his cum squished between them, her huge, spongy tits mashed against his chest. She leaned back and beamed at him. Then they heard a voice from the doorway. They hadn't noticed, but Brian's sisters were standing there, framed by the backlight of the hallway.
"Oh my god!" the mother exclaimed. "It's... it's not what it looks like!"
His older sister, Jennifer, half a foot taller than Becky and clad in tight jeans and an equally tight t-shirt through which Brian could see her hardened nipples, cocked her head to the side. "Sorry Mom, I think it's pretty obvious what's going on here."
Brian turned his gaze to his petite twin sister. He knew she was a virgin. He also knew she masturbated incessantly. He heard her through the wall they shared. She was wearing pajamas, frumpy, loose ones, but there was no way to hide her FF-cup breasts, especially with the backlighting. "Brian..." she murmured, seemingly confused, staring at his mother's cum-soaked hands wrapped around his still-huge cock. It hadn't deflated, even slightly. Maybe that was because he was staring at his insanely hot sisters.
"Becky, I'm sorry. I just..."
"Your brother has needs, sweetheart. And I'm just helping him," the mother said, almost sternly.
"Huh?" Jennifer said, crossing her arms under her big, DD-cup breasts. "Looks fun. Maybe we can all help him." She smiled.
The mother looked down at her son, and smiled. She leaned in to kiss him. Becky gasped.
"Maybe," said the mother.