
I have become an ardent visitor of this Kerala Erotica site. I have enjoyed reading almost all the sex stories. This has prompted me to send my story and it is really true.
My saali is a very softhearted, sweet smelling, curvaceous, sexy person married to a simple orthodox person. She is about six years younger than my wife who is also a sexy woman but very career minded. She is also a good cook. My saali simply loves her cooking. Whenever my wife cooks something extra special she sends some of the dish to her sister. And it was always my duty to be the errand boy. I am in business and had to open shop around 10 am and one of my morning duties was first reach her to office which was very nearby, return home, dress for work and go. But the times good food was cooked (wife always cooked well except the days she was in a hurry or she had her periods and would be moody) I had to deliver some of it to my saali's place that was not very far away. This was a regular feature. Deliver the food and return home. It was one particular morning when I had gone to deliver food. When I reached her place there was no answer when I rang the doorbell. I waited for some time till the door finally opened. 
My saali was at the door, a towel wrapped around her body. The towel reached just above her thighs exposing her fair smooth skin. She had used good bath soap and was smelling gorgeous. This tingled my senses. Her cleavage was significantly visible and inviting too. She invited me in and asked if I had time for a cup of coffee (she prepares excellent filter coffee) to which I agreed. She went into the kitchen to keep the food and prepare coffee. I followed her like a dog following a bitch's scent. The kitchen was not very big but spacious enough. The sun's rays came in through the window. She went towards the fridge to remove a packet of milk and as she bent down the towel around her slipped off. There behold was a beautiful warm, sexy body that was so inviting. Her boobs were wonderful with strong curves. 
Her nipples were upright and worth sucking and sucking. I quickly bent to grab the towel and give it to her. But she preferred to remain that way saying what is it that I have that you have not seen. I was silent and kept staring at her wonderfully carved nude body. By this time I could feel my cock rising (that morning I was in a hurry and had not worn undies) and it was getting harder by the second. Was she sending signals? She continued to empty the milk packet into a container to boil. She remained in the nude. Her back was slightly damp and I asked whether I could wipe it. She agreed. I took the towel and was wiping her back at the same time I unzipped my trouser allowing my swollen dick to graze her buttocks. 
She did not seem to mind. Then I wiped her hair and continued rubbing my longer than before cock between her round buttocks. It was warm. My cock was going crazy. I shifted her arse, made it wide and positioned my cock in between. She was allowing my cock to do it. Her back was so smooth and full of warmth. Her shoulders were well formed. Her boobs were firm and waiting to be sucked. I threw the towel on the ground and put my arms around her feeling her boobs. It was worth pressing. I caught hold of her nipples and pinched them. She let out a moan aaaah! Ummm! Harder, harder she moaned. My cock continued rubbing her fucking inviting buttocks. 
She said she had been waiting for me to come. I turned her around and what I saw was amazing. Her tits had become so large and the nipples were waiting to be sucked. I bent down and started sucking her nipples and she kept on sighing and moaning. I let my one hand go lower to her clean shaved pussy. It was soft &warm. I could hear soft sounds coming from her cunt. 
She began to drip a little. I lowered myself down to where I could now see her cunt. I wanted to lick it dry and before I could she herself asked me to put my tongue inside and suck. But before I sucked I inserted two fingers inside. Again she yelled oooooh! You fucker! Finger my hole, deeper,deeper,deeper I went. Now I felt that small lump, her clit. It was swelling. With my finger I groped upwards and located her G-spot. She screamed with fucking joy. Yes, that's the spot, press it harder, harder, I love it. 
Again she screamed in ecstasy enjoying my fingers inside her, she began dripping, her cunt was oozing with good juice tempting me further. I removed my finger and now started licking her cunt and continued drinking her hot sweet and tangy juice. I licked her clit and she burst out more juice. Her clit had grown bigger and I kept on sucking. Here my cock was getting impatient to fuck her. She kept pressing my head closer to her cunt. I massaged her bum with my hands. Then I fingered her bum, it was tight and she kept on sighing and uttering sexy sounds. 
Oh you fucker, you are good, I am waiting for your cock, show, let me hold it. She grabbed my cock and kept tugging at it. My cock was at its zenith, a fully long circumcised lowda 7" long and a good 2" thick. The she went down on her knees and shoved my cock into her mouth. She first licked the tip. I went into motion, in and out. She was licking candy, my big fucking cock. I now turned her around and made her bend forward on the kitchen platform. Now I could see her wet, oozing cunt even better. I licked at it again piercing my tongue inside. 
She began wiggling as if my lowda was inside. More juice was oozing, oh lovely choot, pink, her vagina was inviting and waiting to be thumped and fucked. Oh you fucker she screamed, lick, lick all my juice, fill your mouth, fill your mouth, I have lots of juice inside. Her cunt was bubbly, the more I sucked, the more she leaked. 
I tugged at her clit with my tongue. Pull, pull harder, suck my cunt, drink, drink more, make your cock harder and keep it ready to fuck my cunt. I tickled her bum hole and her cunt became jealous. I quickly grabbed her boobs and pressed them, even harder than before. Now I wish I could shove my cock down her bum hole, but it was dry. I asked her where the oil was. I took it from the shelf and made her massage my cock with it. 
I took some oil and put it in her bum hole, turned her around and slowly shoved my fucking dick inside. She had slight pain, but allowed my cock to fuck it. The oil was good; it made the cock slippery to fuck her. Give it to me, give it to me, give me your fucking juice, come on fuck me, lick me more, and suck my cunt again. I turned her around mounted her on the kitchen platform and shoved my fucking long cock into her extremely wet pussy. 
Whoosh! I busted inside her, gave her all my cum and left a little for her to taste. She was fully satisfied and asked when next. Now she and her husband have migrated to Australia. Her husband is impotent and I was invited there last year. Reason, she wants my fucking dick.
