I kept my hands over swapn's bare ass by not lifting her skirt and
gently started rubbing it. I also kissed her left side hips from the
back. Meanwhile, my eyes were clearly on sangeetha and her exposed
assets. The fact that she is watching, turned me on thousand times
more. Whenever I kissed swapna on her back, I looked longingly towards
sangeetha's eyes (as if indicating that I want to kiss her like that).
I looked on her breasts over and over again while she is looking at
me. She wasn't trying to cover nor trying to expose. She was just
lying there with her partially opened eyes & trying to sleep. May be
..she is really sleeping. I can't tell. But I continued my activities
hoping that she is watching & getting excited. This was too much for
my cock. With my left hand, I started stroking my cock over the pant.
Then, I slowly unzipped my pant, I took the cock out. Damn! I was
really hot and my cock as if coming out of a jail, just grew into a
monster size. I started stroking it with my left hand slowly. I didn't
know what I was doing; I was so much turned on and my mind was ready
to face any consequence out of this. Sangeetha got up and looked at my
face as if wanting to tell me something. I covered my naked cock by
extending my shirt out (but still was out of the pants).
She whispered to me "I have to tell you something about what I heard
from the management guys."
I said "What? I can't hear you." I leaned towards her as if trying to
hear what she says and she did the same. She repeated what she said in
her whispering voice. I could understand why she is whispering becoz
she doesn't want swapna to hear what we are talking, since she was
talking about her dad & the management. I pulled my wheel chair closer
to sangeetha in an attempt to hear her and moved swapna to my left.
Sangeetha pulled her chair too, closer to me. Now, me and sangeetha
were sitting close to each other, with swapna on my left. I had my
left hand over my tool with my shirt covering it. Sangeetha came
closer to my face and she said in a very slight voice "I heard in the
morning that they are going to fire 3 of our staff this week." Our
thighs were touching each other and faces are too close to each other.
I kept looking at her juicy, poulting lips while my shoulder is
touching her left exposed areas.
"What?" I said. "Are you sure? Do you know who are going to be fired?"
"As far as I know, it's not you & me and also one more girl. The rest
of three staff are going to be fired."
"Do you know why?"
"They were saying that they want to expand this as a development
center. So, they are sending off only those who are faculties."
"Oh..Ok! As long as we are not fired, I am happy. So, that's why you
were so dull?"
"hmm..I was worried if I might get fired as well."
"Don't worry! You are an experienced senior programmer. They need you."
I gently kept my hand over her hand & pulled my chair little more
closer. There wasn't much gap between us.
"My worry is...the company is still not stable. That's why I am
worried that we are not safe too."
"Come on..they can't run the company with nobody. They need atleast
you and me...right?"
We were whispering with our faces so close to each others (both
sitting bent down on the table) and I kept looking at her lips all the
time we were talking. I gently ran my fingers over her back, shoulders
& fingers. Her left hand were automatically on my thighs and I kept my
right hand on her thighs. With her sitting position, her boobs were
pointing down, so when I keep my hands on her thighs, my hand touched
her big left boobs slightly. And with the back of my palm, I kept
brushing her smooth foldded hips.
She now asked "What were you doing before?" (still both whispering)
I asked her back with a smile "When?"
"Just now."
"Nothing! We were just playing the game & I was just encouraging and
also helping her."
"Is that all? I thought I saw something else."
"Tell me what you saw." I wasn't giving up. I wanted her to say it.
She didn't reply anything. My mind was on rubbing her thighs and also
thinking about how to get my hand over her breast (which is just above
it). I kept my face on her left hand & smoothly brushed her bare
smooth hands with my face. I looked down and kept my hands on her
thighs more and asked "What's this that you are reading?"
She looked down at the book on her lap and said "This book is about
network programming."
I turned few pages in the book by keeping both hands on her thighs and
my right elbow was touching her boobs. Her left hand was never moved
from my thighs as well. It was as close to touching my nake tool under
my shirt. I slightly adjusted myself so that her left hand is more
closer to the tool. I gently pulled her hand also towards me more and
the book slipped from her lap and fell down.
"Sorry" I said. We both bent underneath the table to get it and our
heads hit each other. My hand now being pressed by her boobs a little.
"Ssss..aaahhh!" she lifted her head with a little pain.
"I am so sorry..come here..I will rub your head."
She came closer to me with her head down on the table and I gently
rubbed the area. I stood up now & now my bare tool (under the shirt)
was brushing her left shoulder.
"It's ok. I am fine now."
And I sat down by holding her hands which is when the tip her fingers
brushed against my tool. Wha a feeling! I pretended as if nothing
happened and sat down with her hand still on my lap and almost
touching the tool. Now I alone bent down to get the book. Since I
moved down, her hand adjusted a bit and now was on top of my cock. I
held on to her hand gently by preventing her from not moving. I get
the book back on her lap by again brushing her boobs with my elbow. I
continued turning pages again, becoz in this position my elbow keeps
touching her boobs again & again.
"I am also reading your book." I told her with my elbows touching her
boobs.
She in her bent position opened her eyes & replied "hmm..read it and
tell me what you've learnt."
"It's hard for me to concentrate on reading."
"May I ask why?"
"I don't know." I bent down again and this time I moved her saree and
saw her hanging boobs very clearly. She streched herself in her
sleeping position and yawned. I was getting really tempted to feel my
palm on her boobs but didn't quiet get the chance. So, I remained in
that position for a while which is when Swapna turned this side.
"huhhh..I finished 7 levels."
"hmm..good job.."
"I am going to get some water. I will be right back. Don't close the
game."
She went out and we were left alone. Sangeetha got up and curiously
looked at the monitor and said "Hey! Teach me also. I want to play too."
"Ok.fine..I will show you the keys & how to operate."
We then turned closer to the monitor & I told her the procedures. She
started from level 1 and by now her chair is almost infront of me. I
sat slightly inclined to her & had my my left hand moving from her
thighs to hips. She smelled great and was curiously looking at the
monitor. I had my eyes all over her lips and was so close to her face.
Everytime she loses one life or shoots somebody or when something
interesting happened in the game, she turned and looked at my face for
appreciation. Since I had my face so close, when she turns her lips
will be so close my lips. I started moving my left hand on her
foldings on the hips and started feeling it. I patted her head and
slowly put my right hand around her right shoulder. And next time when
she turned and looked at me, I went closer to her face and slightly
hit my forehead with her forehead. "Good job!!" I said. I was rubbing
her right shoulders and placed my left hand over those firm boobs. She
completed the first level & turned again and looked at me. I gently
gripped her and said "It's next level now." She looked at my eyes & my
lips simultaneously. I gave more pressure to her left boobs and gently
massaged her right shoulder. She looked at me and asked softly by
looking at my lips "I don't know how to play this level."
I said "It's easy. Same as the first one. Keep going & I will tell you
what to do..Ok?" And our fore-heads met again. She smiled and kept the
poulting lips open and licked them. Now I was moving freely all over
her soft hips and it felt electric. Every now and then, after
caressing her soft tummy, I kept my hands on those cushionly boobs and
gently exterted pressure. I was feeling more and more romantic the way
this is going. So when turned and looked at me next time, by looking
at her lips I went closer and rubbed by nose with her. My left hand
was feeling the full roundness of her left boob. I now pulled her left
hand and placed it on my thighs again. She moved her left hand over
the thighs and when I pulled her hands closer, it landed right on my
tool. Her fingers right on top of my naked tool and I gently adjusted
myself and expanded the legs. I held her fingers and guided it thru
the length of my shaft and she gently gripped it with her left hand.
She kept looking at door every now and then and whispered "She is
going to come now." I told her to keep playing or keep doing whatever
she is doing. Then the door opened. I took my left hand from the left
boob but didn't let her hand slip away from my tool.
Swapna came and asked "What sageetha aunty? You are also playing now?"
"Hmmm..I am just learning ma....here you play!"
We both moved right side leaving the keyboard for swapna and since her
hand is underneath the desk she can't see what's happening there. She
started playing as she was before. I thought even if she sees, that
wouldn't be too big of a deal. When we moved to right, sangeetha's
book dropped again and this time she alone bent down. When she bent
down, I pulled her head softly closer to my lap and I made her face so
closer to my tool. She still had her hand in my tool and when she bent
down, she lifted the shirt and saw the full length of my shaft. She
wasn't there for a long time. But within a few fraction of seconds,
she brought her face closer and brushed her nose and lips over the
entire length of my cock. I held her head and expanded my legs so that
full portion of my cock can be accessible. She gently stroke it with
her left hand by kissing along the length. She pulled the foreskin
gently and with her poulting lips, kept the front portion of the cock
into her mouth and tasted it. Both saliva juices and my precum juices
got mixed up there and she sucked it for 3 or 4 times and got up
immediately. WOW! Amazing! Nothing in the whole world is better than
letting a hot woman suck your exploding dick. As she got up, I
squeezed her heavy breasts and inserted my hand over the top naked
portion of her jacket. She bent down immediately thinking that someone
might come inside and I continued caressing her boobs with both hands.
I was able to get my hands inside her bra and place it over her naked
boobs. I turned her head towards me and kissed her hungry lips. We
kissed for 2 minutes and with my hands inside her jacket felt her
nipples and piched it softly. Her boobs were too big for me to handle.
But it was really spongy.
She now stood up and got ready to go.."Ok..I got to go now."
I wasn't willing to leave. I held her hips and pulled her close to me
& kissed her tummy. She caressed my head while standing and I kissed
all over her saree even below her hips..
"Ok..." she whispered again.."I have been here for a long time.. I
will go now and after some time..may be I can come back..ok?" and
turning to swapna she said "Bye swapna!"
I left her and she departed the place. What a wonderful day this has
been so far! I can't believe my luck today and was about to burst my
cum anytime. She just sucked 3 or 4 times and went away, making me
rock hard. I needed a release. I had to go to the bathroom atleast to
masturbate. I didn't know what to do but thought to myself why should
I be stupid enough to do it myself when swapna is here. I then turned
my attention to swapna.
"So, how is it going swapna?"
She turned back from her deep concentration and replied "Look at
this..I can't believe I have come so far."
"Wow" I fakely appreciated "Thats too good, swapna!" I pulled my chair
closer and had her in my right side as before. I kept my hand on her
ass again and lifted her skirt.
"hmm..atleast you are watching now..You didn't see it before."
"ok..I am seeing it from now on. We'll see how you cross this one."
After few min, she got struck in one tackle and asked my help.
"Hmm..I will do it for you only if you promise to take a break from this."
"Fine.. What do we do?"
"We'll go upstairs to the roof. Our building construction is going on
there right..we'll go there and see for sometime."
"Ok" she immediately agreed and we both went to the top floor of the
building.
No one was there. I knew those guys would have gone by then. We used
to go alone all the time and watch the traffic from the top floor and
sit in the stairs. Sometimes we go to the balcony andd watch from
there too. So, that was not unusual for us to go there. All the time,
I used to just rub her body and ass but not like the way I did in the
class room. We went to one of those rooms & it had some brick on one
side and sand on the other side for construction. I stood leaning on
one of the walls and pulled her close to me. I hugged her from behind
and kissed her neck. Meanwhile I talked to her showing someone walking
down the roads and the traffic thru one of the windows. "Did you see
that bike?" I kissed her neck and asked. "Hmm..they are always fast
like that." she replied. I lifted her skirt from behind and caressed
both her ass cheeks. I pulled her panty down and gently caressed her
ass cheeks with my rock hard tool. I unzipped my pant and took my tool
out too.
I gently told in her ears "Let's take this off"
She agreed "hmm.." she gently slid the panty down and I threw it into
the sand. I kept rubbing her hips and brought my hands over her cute
breasts. I massaged her firm breasts over the t-shirt.
I asked her "What are these?"
"You don't know?"
"huhmm..I don't know. why are they big there only?"
"I don't know..but when you do like this, it feels good."
"Ok..I will keep doing it then.." I inserted my hands thru her t-shirt
and massages both her boobs. Her boobs like I said before weren't
smaller like I imagined before. They were a handfull and I was
squeezing then gently. I kissed her cheeks and turned her face towards
my lips. I kissed her lips and with my tongue I parted her lips and
extended the kiss. She was very involved and co-operative. I ran my
right hand down and kept it over her pussy and rubbed it over there. I
parted the pussy lips and inserted my finger into the pussy lips and
started moving it back and forth. She closed her eyes everytime I
rubbed her pussy by inserting one finger and I continued my kissing on
her lips. I got deeper with my finger into the pussy and she kep
shrinking her thighs and leaning forward. I held her from falling down
and rubbed the pussy lips with my finger back and forth. Her ass
cheeks were being crushed by naked cock and was in the middle of her
ass crack. Her pussy lips were so soft & wet and everytime she
shrinked her thighs together, I got more grip on my fingers and finger
fucked her more.
We both sat on the sand and I held her on my lap. I kissed her lips
and fondled her breasts. I pulled those tiny nipples and made her moan
a bit. With ther lying on my lap, I extended my hand towards her pussy
and parted the pussy lips again. It was wetter than before and this
time, I inserted two fingers into the tiny hole and moved it back and
forth. Her pussy was so perfect, smooth & soft with no hair on it. She
expanded both her legs and alllowed me to penetrate more with my fingers.
"Wait..something is happening there." she stopped.
"Where?"
"where your fingers are!"
"hmm..what's happening? Do you feel like urinating?"
"It's not like that..moreover I just went."
"hmm..may be it's something different then. Is it good or bad?"
"Good"
"Ok..I will then see what's the problem there."
I moved down and expanded her legs. I kept my face on the pussy and
smelled it. It was perfect! So smooth, soft and no hair. I kept
kissing it around the feathery lips and she expanded her legs more. I
now penetrated her pussy with my tongue and with my upper lips
pressing the top, I sucked her pussy to the fullest. I took my tongue
out and licked the pussy lips again. It was a perfect view from there.
I felt like inserting my cock right there itself. She kept giving
hissing sounds and continued moaning a bit. With my both hands, I
extended the pussy lips & lifted her kundi & sucked her pussy. She was
full of pleasure and almost starting to scream. I slowed down and kept
my fingers and watched my fingers entering back and forth for a while.
And then I came to the top and squeezed her nipples and kissed all
over her cute breasts.
We then stood up and I hugged her by lifting her skirt. My tool was
directly poking at her pussy and I caressed her bare kundi with both
hands. I asked her now "If I give you something in your mouth, will
you suck it?"
"What are you going to give me?" She looked at me with a puzzled smile.
"You will like it..Say yes or no."
"Are you going to put some stone or sand in my mouth?"
"No." I laughed "Close your eyes and I will tell you."
"Ok..closed"
"Now bend down with kneels down."
"hmm..done." She was now infront of me with her kneels down. I took my
cock out, held her head with my left hand and with my right hand
guided my tool towards her mouth. I parted her lips with my tool and
gently circled around the lips. She had her eyes closed & tasted the
precum. She hesitantly opened her mouth and I slowly pulled my
foreskin and inserted my cock upto half-way of her mouth. "Ok..now you
can open your mouth."
She opened her eyes and looked at it in surprise. With my cock on her
mouth she blabbered "Ohh..this one!! I can't believe this would be
bigger like this."
"So you have seen this already?"
"Yeah..with kids playing around in the streets."
"Oh..Ok but not from a grown-up like me?"
"No."
"hmm..This won't be usually this big. You have to make it smaller."
"How?"
"Just hold it gently with your hands & move your mouth back and forth.
Keep licking and suck it..Ok?"
"Ok."
She moved her mouth back and forth gently by not touching with her
teeth and sucked my cock. She kept a steady pace and licked almost to
the full length of the cock. I held her head with both my hands and
gently moved my hips too back and forth in a fucking motion. She
quickly understood what it means to me and handled it very gently. She
took her mouth every now and then and licked the bottom. I adjusted my
foreskin and penetrated her mouth. I touched her nose, chin and eyes
with my cock too. She caught it and kept it in her mouth and sucked it
again. I held on to her hairs with both hands and asked her to
increase the speed & use her tongue too. She became expert soon and
started using her tongue and increased her pace. The grip of her mouth
was almost like the grip I got from the pussy lips. Her mouth was warm
and as she keeps generating the back & forth motion, the warmness kept
increasing more and more and I can almost feel my cumming.
I stopped for a while and told her "You see this white color liquid
over there?"
"Yeah?"
"That will come more now. Is that okay?"
"hmm..what am I supposed to do then?"
"Just keep doing what you are doing and don't take your mouth out from
it...You don't have to swallow it the liquid. Afterwards you can spit
it out...alright?"
"hmm"
We then started again slowly & generated full speed. My cock was
moving back and forth vigorosly and it almost kept touching her throat
too. She stroke the wet cock with her hand again and swallowed the
cock and sucked it to the fullest. She started moving back and forth
again and this time I sure was cumming on her mouth. Terrific! She
remembered what I told her and kept licking and sucking with her
tongue too. It was unbelievable to watch her doing like that. I cum
came rushing & rushing a lot. I just held her head tightly closed and
kept moving my hips as if fucking her. WOW! What a great feeling.
Fucking in mouth also is more or less same as fucking the pussy..even
though pussy is the best. I almost finished my entire cumming and
slowly drew it from her mouth. Still it was coming out piercing and it
fell on all over her face, her nose & eyes. That was a beautiful sight
to watch.!!! She kept waiting there in that same position and waiting
for my direction. I wiped my cock with her t-shirt and zipped it on.
She spit some of the cum still in her mouth. I took her panty and
wiped her face and my pants too. We soon were normal and were ready to
go downstairs.
My luck with both of them continued for a long time. Both swapna and
sangeetha knew about what others were doing but they won't talk about
it between them. I went to training session with sangeetha next week
and in one of those training sessions, we both scooted for a movie
theatre. I asked her to remove her bra in the theatre bathroom. I
fondled her naked heavy breasts and sucked them both in the dark
theatre itself. I finger fucked her hungry pussy & allowed her to suck
my cock too. Until now I have never fucked either sangeetha or swapna;
but we did everything else whenever we got the opportunity.
I hope you guys enjoyed my experience and I will continue my writing
my other experiences whenever I find time.  thank you for reading my
experience.comments are welcomed  at goka4u22@...


