Flashback: Ianto’s POV

Ianto was relieved when the working day finished. Tosh and Gwen left together, discussing civil partnership plans. Owen had skulked out, avoiding Ianto completely. Ianto knew Jack was still in the archives. He smiled, wondering what he could do to earn a repeat performance of Saturday night. Sitting back, he relaxed, closed his eyes, and thought about Jack; how he had made Ianto feel; what he had done to Ianto; what they had done to each other.

They had orgasmed together. The kiss that followed had been languorous, dreamlike. Then Ianto had known what he had wanted to do to Jack, if he would allow it. “Jack” he had whispered. “Can I suck your cock?” That was just the start of what he planned.

Jack had agreed readily. Ianto smiled, kissing Jack’s lips softly, before positioning himself between Jack’s thighs.

Jack’s cock was flaccid – well he had just come. Ianto ignored it, concentrating his efforts on Jack’s balls instead. Circling them with his tongue, he listened to Jack’s moans. He sucked first one into his mouth, then the other. Jack had gasped. “God, Ianto. No-one’s ever done that to me before.” Ianto had chuckled, Jack had swatted his head.

A voice startled him. He opened his eyes to see Jack standing in his office doorway.

“Are you ok? You looked a million miles away.” Jack’s voice was laced with concern, which eased as Ianto smiled.

“Don’t worry. I was just thinking about Saturday night. I needed a distraction from that lot.” He waved a hand, indicating the paperwork on his desk.

Jack smiled. “Was it working?”

Ianto adjusted his trousers. “Yep. It would appear to be.” He smiled. “Why are you still here? The rest of the team left hours ago.”

“I know. I wanted to know if there was anything I could do for you.”

Ianto’s eyes darkened with lust. “Much as I would love to have your assistance with this,” he looked down, “it really would not be appropriate in the workplace. Even if it is after hours.”

Jack sighed. “You’re the boss. I’ll leave you to your paperwork.” Ianto watched Jack leave. His paperwork was piled high – and his cock was throbbing. And he’d just refused the best offer he’d had all day! He lifted his pen and the first file.

Releasing Jack’s balls, Ianto turned his attention to Jack’s inner thighs, ghosting kisses, lightly flicking Jack’s balls with his tongue as he brushed past them, listening to every sound Jack made.

Jack’s cock was reacting to Ianto’s touches elsewhere, so Ianto turned his attention there. A long stroke with his tongue had Jack quivering. Pulling back the foreskin, Ianto’s tongue leisurely licked across the glans. Ianto felt Jack stiffening under his hand.

His phone rang. Glancing at the caller i.d., he flipped it open.

“Tosh. What can I do for you?”

“We’ve set a date for the ceremony, and we were hoping we could have a couple of weeks off for our honeymoon.”

“Ok. Have you got the date for me?” Ianto paused, smiling. “You know I can’t let both of you off at the same time.”

“Ianto! What do you mean? We can’t go on honeymoon separately!”

“Tosh. I was joking.”

“Well it wasn’t very funny.”

“I’m sorry. It’s not a problem. I’ll get cover in from UNIT. So, what’s the date?”

“Eight weeks on Saturday.”

“That soon? Still, not a problem. Will I be getting an invite?”

“Of course. And, thanks Ianto.”

“What for?”

“Just... being you. I’ve got to go. See you tomorrow.”

Ianto put his phone down. Sighing, he rubbed his eyes. Still so much to do. He headed to the kitchen to make coffee. Machine on, he leant back against the wall.

Inch by inch, he swallowed Jack’s cock. The weight was heavy on his tongue, but familiar. He’d forgotten how much he enjoyed “giving head”. Humming happily, Ianto fondled Jack’s balls, as the vibrations went straight to Jack’s cock. Jack was already panting heavily when Ianto fingered his anus. The puckered entrance was tight, resistant to his touch. He slid his finger into his mouth beside Jack’s cock, slicking it, before returning it to Jack’s arse. He released Jack’s cock with a pop.

“Jack” he had said. “Can I make love to you?” Jack’s eyes had closed. He looked thoughtful.

“Yes” he had replied. Ianto had leant over and kissed him, before...

The coffee machine beeped, indicating the coffee was ready. Ianto grabbed a mug full before heading back to his office.

... he had gone in search of his trousers. Finding the lube and condoms he had put in (no harm in thinking positively), he climbed back onto the bed. Settling back between Jack’s legs, Ianto wrapped his mouth around Jack’s cock, while he lubed his hands. Continuing to suck, he circled Jack’s anus, easing a finger into the tight ring of muscle. Jack gasped, tightening round Ianto’s finger, then relaxed as his body adjusted to the sensation.

Once Jack had relaxed, Ianto added a second finger, stretching Jack further, twisting them, hitting Jack’s prostate. “God, Ianto! Do that again!” So he had, and again, before a third finger joined the first two, scissoring, stretching. Ianto withdrew them.

Ianto slicked his cock before rolling the condom on, and slicking again, maintaining eye contact with Jack. There was a hungry, feral look in both sets of eyes.

Positioning himself at Jack’s entrance, Ianto gave Jack one final chance to change his mind. He didn’t. Ianto nudged past the outer ring of muscle, gently easing in, inch by inch. Fully seated, he dropped his head, kissing Jack hungrily, hips rocking, electricity sparking between them.

Jack wrapped his legs around Ianto’s waist, encouraging him – harder, faster, deeper. Ianto obliged willingly, pounding into the older man. He felt Jack’s hand sliding between them, grasping his own cock, stroking in time with Ianto’s thrusts.

All smoothness went from their movements. They were both getting close. Ianto could feel Jack’s muscles relaxing and contracting around him. His breathing was becoming as erratic as his thrusting. Jack went over the edge. Muscles contracted tighter around Ianto. White light exploded behind his eyes as he orgasm took him, wave upon wave of pleasure washing over him, before he collapsed, spent, beside Jack. 

Smiling, Ianto sipped his coffee. 

Jack had held him afterwards, rocking him until coherency returned. The kiss that followed had been searing, and Ianto had felt an added desire in it from Jack. When their eyes met Ianto knew what Jack wanted.

“Jack” Ianto thought, glancing at his watch. It was not too late. He had one thing to do first...

Ten minutes later, Ianto pulled up outside a non-descript house in a non-descript street in Splott. He knocked. The door opened, and he entered.

He knew the way. Entering the back room, he was greeted by a raised eyebrow from the man behind the desk.

Ianto handed over an envelope from his inside pocket. “You know what to do.” And left.

Twenty minutes later, he knocked on Jack’s door...