Military Son III


It was Monday again and time for school. After the weekend, my whole world looked different. I woke up horny and needing cock. Dad had the day off and was sleeping in. I hurried down to the chair. Dried cum had sealed my anus, forcing me to push down harder to get my morning lover up my ass. I sighed as my cheeks touched the chair seat. I felt so full and content. My cock begged for attention. Sitting back I stroked myself, replaying the weekends exploits. Before I knew it, I was panting and ready to shoot. I tightened my anus around my impaler and stroked myself as hard as I could. Within seconds, I shot my load and collapsed into the chair. I tore myself off the chair and cleaned my lover with my mouth. When I was finished, I kissed the head, telling myself, I would see it again soon.

Taking a quick shower, I was off to school. As usual my best friend Brian was waiting for me outside. Today he looked different. I never realized how handsome yet at the same time pretty, he was and my cock twitched. I wanted him. He lived next door with his dad who just happened to be a captain and my dads boss. He never told me anything about his mother and I never asked. Still, I was bursting at the seams wanting to share my weekend experiences with him. He was my best friend and we shared every until now. As we walked to school, I let him do most of the talking.  I was fighting with myself over telling him or not. As we were about to head to our separate classes he mentioned that he had seen the video and I was one hot slut. Before he ran off he cupped my ass and told me to be at his house right after school. I was stunned and shocked. Not because he had seen the video but because he grabbed my ass. I got an instantly hard. All day, I could think of nothing else but Brian. I constantly had to cover my erection as I walked the halls. The day finally ended and I ran all the way home. I dropped my books and sprinted over to Brians.

Have a seat, Ill put on the tape he said as a greeting. 

I sat down on the sofa feeling anxious and excited. Did he want to fuck me or I fuck him or was he going to blackmail me. I didnt know.  The tape started and he sat so close that he was almost in my lap. On the screen, I saw myself strapped to the chair wearing those goggles. My erection came storming back and tented my pants.
Brian had put his arm around me and was licking my ear. It felt so familiar and I knew that he was the one who used my cock. The tape proved me right, I watched the screen mesmerized as Brian unbuttoned my shirt and played with my nipples. My cock wanted release so I unbuttoned my pants and stroked it.

Youre such a slut Brian whispered in my ear, giving it another lick. Take off your pants he cooed.
Without thought, I stripped off my pants and went back to stroking myself. On the screen, Brians dad was feeding me his cock as Brian fucked himself on my pole. Meanwhile, on the couch, Brain had found my hole and was fingerfucking me.

Stop touching your cock, he commanded and my hand flew away from my rigid pole. His fingerfucking was getting to me and I was moaning. He stopped the tape and the screen went dark. I wanted to be angry that I hadnt gotten to see what happened after I passed out but his fingers in my ass pushed everything else out of my mind.

Fuck me, I moaned, I need to be fucked

Brian laughed and pulled his fingers out of me. I slid my ass over the edge of the sofa preparing to be taken but I was surprised. He pulled a dildo from a drawer and rammed it past my lips and down my throat.

Suck it, get it ready he snickered

I gagged as he pulled it out and pushed it back in. It was huge. It must have been 4 inches in diameter. I had to stretch my mouth as much as possible to take it. His fingers found my hole and again and I was ready to fuck anything that came along.

Pulling his fingers and dildo out of me, he smirked at me. I wanted to tear his clothes off and rape him. I needed to be fucked and he had done it to me. I noticed that there was a suction cup on the end of the phallus which he wet with his tongue and slammed in onto the empty coffee table. It rose like a missile and I didnt have to be told where to put it. I pulled off my shirt and grabbed the rubber cock. Within seconds half of it was up my ass and I sighed. It was much larger then my cherry taker and I had to ease myself down slowly to take it all. 

Oh, god I moaned as my cheeks touched the table. I was so full that I was sure that the rubber dick was going to come out of my mouth. I sat there enthralled. It felt so good. Brian had stripped off his clothes and taken me in his mouth. I thrust forward forcing more of me down his throat which shot bolts of pleasure from my ass to my brain. Brian pulled off my cock and pushed me back so that I was supported by my hands. He climbed into my lap and sat down on my cock with ease. Then he kissed me. 

This is a dream come true he said breaking the kiss. I fantasized about you since the day we met. I almost came in my pants seeing you bound to the chair. He kissed me again only this time his tongue seemed to be everywhere.  I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him back with the same intensity. Sometime during the kiss I fell in love with him. Our tongues battle each other to a draw. We pulled away and stared into each others eye.

 I think I love you Brian: I blurted out. He laughed and said I love you too. Now shut up and fuck

And fuck we did. I lay back with the rubber cock deep within me and let him moved up and down; my throbbing cock burying itself deeper each time. I fucked back by bucking my hips upward as he thrust downward.  We fucked slowly until I couldnt stand it anymore. Grabbing him around the waist, I rose up, carrying him with me. The dildo was so deep in me that it was still embedded in me as I stood. Brain grabbed on for dear life as I moved to the couch. Letting him down, I spread his legs as wide as possible and fucked him in earnest. 

Fuck me he screamed kicking me in the ass. He kept hitting the dildo which made me fuck him even harder. I was in the zone. There was just me, the cock in my ass and my cock in his ass. Nothing else mattered. The pressure in my brain was intense and getting worse. I was pounding in and out of him seeking release. When I felt myself ready to come, I pulled out. Grabbing his head, I forced my cock down his throat
and fucked his face as hard as I fucked his ass. I tensed and shot my load. He gulped as fast as he could but still some of my goo dripped down his chin. Even though I just shot my wad I was still horny. Dropping to my knees, I sucked his cock down my throat. I tasted myself and it turned me on even more. My mouth became a vacuum. I suck with so much pressure that I was sure that his cock was going to be ripped off his body.
He tensed and I sucked as hard as I could. As soon as I felt the first drops of liquid, I swallowed whole, letting his boy come flow right to my belly. I sucked him until he was soft then I kissed him again. I let his tongue clean my mouth of any leftover boy goo and collapsed in his arms.  He stroked my head and licked my ear.
We were content.

Well, well, what have we here I hear an amused voice say. We didnt have to see who it was, we knew. In unison, we snapped to attention.

Who are you? Brians dad, the captain ordered

Faggot Sluts, sir we yelled in unison, and proud of it sir, I added.

He chuckled and then said, Go clean up for dinner and as an afterthought, Danny, leave the dildo where it is

Sir, yes, sir, I responded as we scampered up the stairs, holding hands as we went.

I was a faggot slut in love with another faggot slut. What could be better?

(To be continued)

Tyler Thane
tylerthane@yahoo.com
www.asstr.org/~tylerthane








