Jack Makes Another Donation

A few days after his first donation
Jack received another call for a
donation appointment. On the appointed day
he returned to the same non-descript office
As before and was told to wait until he 
was called. He sat down and started idly
leafing through one of the magazines to pass
the time.

After waiting in the reception area for a few
minutes Jack noticed Mei approaching from
the corridor where the examination and
treatment rooms were located. She was wearing
the same short white skirt as she had been
on his last visit. When he
saw that Mei was definitely walking
toward where he was sitting Jack
dropped the magazine he had been
browsing and stood up. Mei smiled
as she came up to him.

"Welcome back, Jack!" the Asian woman
greeted him enthusiastically. "Are you ready
to give us another donation?"

"Sure!" Jack answered.

"Good! Please come with me," 
Mei said as she turned and led the way down
the hall to one of the closed doors. Opening
it Mei stood aside to allow Jack to pass
and enter, leaving just enough room
for him to slide by her. As he passed her
Jack could smell her perfume and he felt his
anticipation of what was to come start
to grow.

Inside Jack saw the same paper covered exam
table as before.  Alongside one wall was a
narrow desk with an armless office chair
next to it.

"Please undress and have a seat on the
table. I'll just be a minute," Mei instructed
as she sat down in the office chair. She
puttered around for a few minutes at her
desk while Jack removed his clothes. He
sat down on the exam table, the paper making
crackling noises as he moved. Jack's cock
was already hard in anticipation.

Mei worked at her desk a moment longer and
then swung her chair to face the exam table
and Jack. Jack noticed her skirt had ridden up
on her thighs but not quite far enough for
him to tell if she was wearing panties this
time or not.

"I'm sure you remember your last visit with
us but today we have something different on
the agenda, if you would care to volunteer,"
Mei told him.

"Sure! What do you have in mind?" Jack asked.

"Some of our female clients dislike artificial
insemination and prefer instead to use 
the natural method. In order to serve
these clients we have created a special
program to meet their needs. Would you
like to participate in this program, Jack?"

"Ah, yes. What is involved?" Jack asked.

"The first thing to understand is just
as in the case of our artificial insemination
clients, the women in this special program
often wish both themselves and the donor
to remain anonymous. To accomplish this,
the client's face will remain hidden 
for the entire session. Do you have
any problem with that?"

"No," Jack replied.

"Good. Our client today will be one of the ones who
wants to remain anonymous. It is also
a requirement that I will have to remain
in the room and observe the procedure
for the entire time. This is to assure
the safety and security of our client."

"I don't have any problem with that," Jack
said, smiling. The conversation was starting
to send some pleasant feeling to his cock and
he felt it growing even harder.

"Very good. You must adhere to these
requirements at all times. No exceptions
will be allowed." Mei said, a bit sternly.

"No problem at all," Jack replied.

"Then we can get started now. We already have
a client waiting, I just have to make sure you
are ready. But before we do that I want to take
my panties off."

Standing up, Mei reached under her short skirt
and pulled down her skimpy thong panties. She
pushed them down off her hips until they fell
to the floor. Stepping out of them, she bent
down, picked up her discarded panties, and set
them on the desk. This increased the lustful
anticipation Jack was feeling, which was what
Mei had intended.

Her panties now removed Mei walked up to
where Jack was sitting on the examination
table. She looked down at his penis and
saw he already had a nice erection. She
reached out and closed her hand around it,
stroking it for a moment as she judged its
readiness.

After a moment Mei released Jack's penis
and turned away. "Please follow me," she
said as she headed for the door. Jack
got up and followed her, conscious of his
nudity and engorged cock bobbing stiffly
in front of him as he followed her.

Jack followed Mei across the hall and into
another room similar to the one he had been
in. But in this room the examination table
was already occupied. A woman lay on the table,
her entire head hidden behind a surgical
shield, hiding her identity. She wore a
patient's gown but that was pushed up above
her breasts, leaving her entire body exposed.
The woman's legs were spread and seated in
examination stirrups which left her pussy
completely open and exposed. She had one
hand kneading her own breast and the other
was between her legs, slowly rubbing her
clit. Her pussy was freshly shaved allowing Jack
to see every detail of her sex.

Jack followed Mei up to the examination table
until he was standing between the woman's
wide spread legs. He noticed on a tray next
to the table lay a tube of lubricant and a
vibrator. His erect penis was now only a
short distances from the woman's exposed
pussy.

"Please wait a moment," Mei said as she
picked up the remote control for the table.
Using the controls of this device she adjusted
the height of the table until the woman's
pussy was at exactly the same height as Jack's 
cock.

"I have already prepared her vagina
for you," Mei told him. "But we will
still need to start slowly so I will
help you get started."

Mei reached down and gently took Jack's
penis in her left hand. With the fingers
of her right hand she spread open the
woman on the table's vaginal lips to
expose her opening. Then Mei moved
the head of Jack's cock to the woman's
vaginal opening.

"Just enter her vagina slowly, let her get used
to your penis first," Mei instructed.

Following instructions Jack pushed forward
slowly and gently. The woman's pussy was
very wet and he was able to enter her
easily. He felt the head of his cock spread
open her opening and then slide inside. He
gently worked his penis into her pussy until
finally he was completely inside the woman.

Seeing that Jack was now fully inside the
woman on the table Mei moved back a step
to give him room to move. "Take your time
and  enjoy yourself, Jack. There is 
no need to hurry," she told him.

Slowly Jack withdrew his penis until only
the head was inside the woman. Then he slowly
pushed forward, burying his penis inside
her pussy once again. He began to fuck
the woman with slow steady strokes.
Her pussy was exquisite, warm, wet and
tight.

Jack was starting to enjoy this very much
and looking down he could see how the woman's
pussy clung to his cock. As he pushed in
he could see her inner lips pushed in
with each in stroke of his cock
and then stretched a bit as he withdrew,
as if they were reluctant to give up the
penis they clung to. As he watched the
woman reached down with her right hand
and began to play with her clit. At the
same time her left started playing
with her right breast, squeezing it 
and then pinching her own nipple
gently.

Mei watched carefully as Jack
fucked the woman on the table. 
He was doing quite well and she
was really enjoying watching Jack
fuck the other woman. Mei 
thoroughly enjoyed every aspect 
of her work and she especially 
liked watching the special donation
sessions like this one.

The woman's playing with her clit
caused her pussy to squeeze Jack's
cock delightfully. He increased the
speed of his movements as he felt
the woman's pussy massage his cock
as he fucked her. He looked at Mei
for a moment and saw she has her
right hand under her skirt playing
with her pussy. This excited Jack
even more as he turned back to the
woman he was fucking.

The woman's hand was moving faster
now on her clit and that was making
her pussy massage Jack's cock in a
very delightful way. He felt the
preorgasmic tingling start to build
and he started moving faster. It
seemed like both Jack and the woman
were going to reach orgasm at the
same time. Mei watched the couple
with avid and lustful interest. She
could sense the two were about to
reach orgasm together.

"When you reach orgasm be sure your
penis is fully inside her vagina," Mei
instructed. "Keep as much of your 
semen inside her as possible."

Suddenly Jack felt the woman's pussy
tighten on his cock and her hands moved
on her breast and clit in a frenzy. The
woman he was fucking was cumming and
this pushed Jack into his own orgasm. He
felt his cock begin its final pre-orgasmic
tensing.

Then Jack began to cum, his cock shooting
blast after blast of semen into the
receptive woman's pussy. His movements became
uncoordinated as he was lost in the
pleasure of his powerful orgasm.
Mei smiled as she saw the Jack was
ejaculating into the woman, impregnating her.

Finally Jack's orgasm faded and he
slowly pulled out of the woman's
pussy. As soon as she sensed he had
withdrawn his cock completely  she removed her feet
from the stirrups and pulled her
knees to her chest in order to keep
Jack's semen inside her pussy for as long
as she possibly could.

"Please return to the other treatment
room, Jack. I will see you in a few
minutes once I am finished with our
client here." Mei told Jack.

Jack returned to the room where he
had left his clothes and sat down
on the treatment table to wait.
He wondered what was going to come
next. He didn't put his clothes on
since he wanted to see if Mei had
anything else in store for him.

After a few minutes Mei returned
to the room. She took a seat at
the desk and spent a couple of
minutes writing. Jack waited patiently
for the woman to complete her paperwork.

"You did very well Jack, our client
is pleased with your donation and
we hope she will become pregnant.
If not then she will return for you
to give her another donation," Mei
said.