Swimsuits at St. Matilda’s
by cruiser_2015

A school swimming lesson becomes a sex lesson.

I consider myself lucky, aged only in my early thirties, to be one of the few male teachers at St. Matilda's Academy for Young Ladies, an exclusive and very expensive English private school for girls. I was walking along a corridor at St. Matilda's when I met Mrs. Eleanor "Ellie" Marsden the school sports mistress.

"Have you got a moment?" Ellie asked me.

I've always got time for Ellie Marsden, especially when she's showing off her shapely legs in her short white tennis skirt.

Ellie explained St. Matilda's had a problem. Two of our girls, Lucy and Wendy, were representing St. Matilda's in the schools county swimming championships in the age eighteen and over category. They needed to train at the local indoor pool St. Matilda's hired for its exclusive use on Wednesday afternoons, the school's sports afternoon. The problem was that safeguarding rules required two qualified teachers to be present at the pool. Ellie Marsden could be there the next Wednesday but the other woman teacher who normally attended was unavailable. Of the other available teachers I was the only one who could swim. Ellie asked if I could help by coming to next Wednesday's swim training session with them.

Trying to hide my enthusiasm I said I would. Ellie's an attractive woman aged about forty, with blonde hair and a man's dream figure. She looked hot enough in her short tennis skirt, and the chance of seeing her in a swimsuit was not to be missed.

Neither was the chance of seeing Lucy and Wendy in swimsuits to be missed. Lucy and Wendy were in my top year class. Both were just weeks short of nineteen and were a pair of newly sexually ripe young beauties. Lucy was constantly being reprimanded (not by me) for wearing skirts far shorter than St. Matilda's regulations, for leaving buttons of her school uniform white blouse undone, and for wearing underwear that didn't comply with St. Matilda's "white, modest and opaque" rule. I think she would have been expelled if her father hadn't been one of St. Matilda's biggest benefactors.

Wendy was more shy and respectable. In my opinion she had the best filled blouse in the school. From the way she constantly let me see up her skirt in class to show me her knickers, which I saw always complied with St. Matilda's rules, I'd guessed she had her eye on me.

I'm single, and needless to say, every night until the next Wednesday arrived Ellie, Lucy and Wendy participated enthusiastically and extremely erotically in my bed time masturbation fantasies.

The next Wednesday afternoon I went with the three of them in the school minibus to the local indoor pool, which St. Matilda's hired for its exclusive use on Wednesday afternoons. Ellie and the girls headed into the female changing area and I went into the male area to change.

My penis was already erect with anticipation of what was to come. My tiny light blue speedo style swim trunks were scarcely big enough to contain my flaccid penis, let alone the eight inches of erect muscle straining to burst out. With the thin taut cloth of my speedos bulging in a huge ridge over my erect penis but hoping my erection wasn't too conspicuous I strode out onto the poolside.

Lucy and Wendy were already there. At my first sight of the girls I felt as if an electric shock had hit me. St. Matilda's rules required girls' swimsuits to be "one piece, dark blue and modest." The girls' swimsuits were one piece, but anything but dark blue and modest.

Lucy's swimsuit was black, contrasting sensuously with her blonde hair. Wendy's was bright patterned, complementing her dark hair. Both girls' swimsuits were thin strapped at the shoulders, high cut at the hips, narrow enough between their legs to only just cover their bulging pussy mounds, and low cut in a deep V between their young breasts. The cleavage of Wendy's swimsuit was held closed by a little bow begging to be undone and her big boobs were all but bursting out. As the girls stood there smiling coyly at me Ellie strolled out and another shock hit me.

Ellie was in a tiny cream white bikini, what little there was of it showing her figure was every bit as sexy as I'd imagined. Her big breasts, slung in a bikini top just big enough to hold them, bounced with her strides. Her tiny bikini bottom showed a hint of the outline of her vagina slit. Feeling three pairs of female eyes lock onto my bulging speedos my erection felt as if it was going to explode through the thin taut cloth.

"I hope you don't mind our rather non-regulation swimwear, Mr. Thompson." Ellie said, smiling mischievously at me. "Since there's just the two of them I gave them a special dispensation."

I most certainly didn't mind!

"Do you like my swimsuit, Mr. Thompson?" Wendy asked me, doing a slow twirl that showed me the back was just a thin thong gusset nestling between her gleaming smooth nicely rounded young bum cheeks. "My mum thinks it's much too revealing but my daddy really likes it."

The girls giggled excitedly in unison. I didn't reply but my bulging speedos must have given them all the answer they wanted.

"Off you go, girls," Ellie said authoritatively.

Lucy and Wendy began swimming lengths between the deep end and the shallow end. As I watched their powerful young legs rhythmically thrusting to propel them at an impressive speed through the water my penis strained hard as I remembered what those thrusting legs had been doing in my bedtime fantasies. My eyes were constantly on the Elli'e and the girls' legs, their bottoms, their breasts bulging in their swimsuits and of course the thin gussets between their legs. I also made sure they saw the thin cloth of my speedos clinging to my permanently erect penis and showing the outline of its shaft and head in perfect detail.

The girls had been swimming for a while when Ellie said we should all get out and change. I was surprised because I knew St. Matilda's had exclusive use of the pool for more than an hour longer.

When the girls climbed out of the water I saw the bow between Wendy's big breasts was undone. As the girls strolled toward me Wendy's breasts bounced with her strides and slipped out just far enough to give just a glimpse of her pink young nipples. The girls were glancing mischievously at each other. Then Lucy spoke.

"If we take our swimsuits off and get nude for you Mr. Thompson, will you show us your big hard cock Mrs. Marsden's been telling us about?"

I was momentarily stunned. Then Wendy continued.

"Go on!" she said excitedly. "You like my tits, don't you? You're always looking at them in class. Do you want to see them?"

With that she let her cleavage open completely and her breasts popped out. They

were as big and every bit as delicious as her bulging white school uniform blouse had hinted, and as I'd imagined as I slid my penis between them in my masturbation fantasies.

"Is it just those girls giving you that big stiff erection," Ellie said from behind me. "Or are you interested in big girls too?"

As Ellie spoke I felt her hand on my backside, caressing my buttocks and running her finger tips along my bum crack through the thin cloth of my speedos.

"I think these two girls would welcome some extra tuition Mr. Thompson. Don't you agree?" Ellie said with a grin as mischievous as the girls'. I couldn't say no to that. As a St. Matilda's teacher I'm always only too pleased to help a girl with her education. A couple of minute later all four of us were in the privacy of the female changing area.

Almost as soon as we were in there Wendy slipped her swimsuit completely off. She stood in front of me nude with her dark hair cascading wet over her shoulders and with her long legs spread as wide as she could get them. She thrust her hips toward me. Her pink vagina lips peeped through her neat bush of almost black cunt hair and she arched her back so her big young breasts swung up and out.

"Do you like my body Mr. Thompson?" Wendy said excitedly. "I've never shown myself nude to a man before. Oooooh! Its so exciting! Go on, touch my tits and my cunt."

I started forward to get my hands on Wendy's naked body but Ellie interrupted me.

"First of all I think we'd all like to see that big stiff cock you've been so keen to show off."

Lucy was instantly behind me. She pulled my speedos down round my thighs below my balls. My straining hard penis bounced out and bent up its full eight inches from my hairy balls so its big round purple lust- and erection- swollen head was pointing straight up. I let my speedos drop round my feet, kicked them aside, spread my legs wide, thrust my hips toward Wendy and let my penis swung stiffly.

"Ooooooh it's so big!" Wendy gasped.

But before I could get my hands on Wendy she got to me first. Her young naked body was against mine with her big soft breasts squeezed against my chest and my hard up cock poking her soft belly. Her hands explored my hairy chest then caressed their way down my front. A moment later my erect penis and my balls were in her exploring hands.

My hands started on Wendy's breasts, then slid down her body and reached between her spread legs. I cupped my hand over her softly furred pussy mound, massaging her cunt and ruffling her soft pubic hair. I slipped my fingers into her juice- sodden vagina slit and began to stroke her labia. She squealed frantically with excitement and nuzzled her pussy mound into my caressing hand.

"Kiss My tits!" Wendy cried out, thrusting her big breasts against me.

With one hand still pleasuring Wendy's cunt I fondled her breasts with the other. She gasped as my fingers caught her pink young nipples, which were already up like corks. I ran my tongue over them. My fingers between her legs were getting Wendy hot, wild and wet. She squealed and squirmed with pleasure and arousal from my fingers between her legs.

It was as if this sweet young virgin was suddenly waking up to the big new world of sexuality that awaited her and the erotic pleasure men could give her. In her excitement Wendy seemed to want to expose her naked body to me in ways that let my lustful eyes and hands explore her from every angle.

With her back to me she bent over the bench that ran the length of the changing area. Looking at me over her shoulder with eyes that invited me to play with her she wiggled her bottom at me, making her pendulously hanging breasts swing. As I fondled her bottom she spread her legs for my hand. I reached under her between her legs from behind to finger her cunt. She moaned with sexual arousal and her firm young bum cheeks quivered as she squirmed with the sexual pleasure of my hand teasing her by then juice-sodden excited pussy.

"Kiss me on my pussy! Lick my cunt!" Wendy grunted, stepping her foot up onto the bench and thrusting her gaping vagina at me. She was getting frantic.

I got right down in front of her and kissed her up her thighs, working my way toward her cunt. When my lips reached her pussy she thrust her hairy mound against my face. From above me I heard her grunt with sexual pleasure as I kissed her right on her vagina. I licked my tongue along her labia, and ruffled her soft young pubic hair with my tongue.

Wendy suddenly stepped off the bench and knelt down right in front of me with her knees wide. The wall mirror behind her was giving me a delicious view of her perkily rounded bottom gleaming smoothly under the lights. A moment later her face was right down in front of my hips and she was licking my balls, running her tongue along my penis shaft and licking my cock head all over. After a minute or two of orally pleasuring me she stopped and looked up at me with her big brown eyes, staying kneeling in front of me.

"Was that nice?" Wendy asked.

I think my grunts and my straining, quivering penis gave her all the answer she wanted.

"That's what girls were doing with boys in the pictures in my daddy's dirty magazines." Wendy continued. "I know where he keeps his magazines hidden and I looked. I came home early one day and spied on him. He was laying on his bed with no clothes on. His thing was up like yours and even bigger. He was looking at his magazines and rubbing his thing up and down. He was playing with my worn school knickers he'd taken from my laundry. He spent ages tugging his thing then he squirted his stuff all over my knickers." Wendy giggled. "While he tugged his thing he kept calling out my name, Wendy! Wendy! Wendy!"

My penis felt like it wanted to explode. I just had to shove my cock head against Wendy's lips.

"Shall I do that again?" Wendy asked, still kneeling in front of me.

A moment later Wendy's lips slid down over my cock and she'd taken my penis head into her mouth. She rolled her lips and tongue over my erection- sensitised cock head to massage it. At the same time she reached up to lightly caress my balls and stroke me between my legs. In the exquisite burst of sexual pleasure I involuntarily rammed my hips forward instinctively trying to ram my penis as far as I could down her throat. I could have taken any amount of that, but Wendy had other ideas.

I somehow managed not to cum as Wendy's lips slid up my cock and off. I was sweating with arousal, the veins were standing out on my penis shaft and my big purple cock head was almost glowing. Wendy looked up at Lucy.

"Lucy, you said you'd show me how to do it for a boy with your hand. Like you said you do with your boy friend."

I saw Lucy had slipped off her swimsuit and Ellie had taken off her bikini so both were nude. Lucy's naked young body was as delicious as Wendy's, her pussy was almost fully smooth shaven except for a little "landing strip" of brown pubic hair and her breasts weren't quite as big as Wendy's, but I certainly wasn't complaining. Ellie's big breasts were as big, round and firm as I'd imagined in my wanking fantasies and she had a big bush of dark cunt hair between her legs.

With a big grin on her face Lucy snuggled against my side as I stood there. She pressed her naked body against mine. Her breasts squeezed against my arm and her furry pussy mound brushed against my bare thigh. I fondled her breasts with one hand and wrapped my arm round her waist then ran my hand down her bare back to caress the cheeks of her bottom and her bum crack.

"Go on girl," Ellie said. "Get him really excited and up stiff, and wank him hard. Oil your hand with this so it feels like your vagina." Ellie handed Lucy a tube of hand cream. "Men like that." Ellie's voice made clear she was speaking from experience.

Lucy scarcely needed to get me aroused and to work my cock up stiff. Wendy had done all the work for her. My hard up cock was so big Lucy could hardly wrap her petite hand round my penis shaft. But I wasn't complaining. I thrust my hips forward, spread my legs and braced myself for pleasure.

Lucy's well-lubed hand began to rhythmically tug and stroke my penis full length from my pubes to my knob, pulling my foreskin and sliding right up over my penis head. My one hand enjoyed Lucy's bottom, thighs and cunt and my other hand enjoyed her firm young breasts and her taut little nipples. As she watched Ellie encouraged Lucy with comments like:

"Ease off when he's rising, Lucy. Make him wait. Men come better if you do that."

But by then I'd discovered Lucy certainly didn't need Ellie to tell her what to do with a man's penis. As well as encouraging Lucy, Ellie's soft hand gently caressed my buttocks, her fingers tickled me down my bum crack and reached under me to tickle my arse. Ellie's experienced hand told me she knew what men liked too.

Wendy stayed kneeling in front of me intently watching Lucy's pumping hand on my penis. She was whimpering and quivering with excitement. Her hand suddenly slid down her belly and into her bush of pubic hair.

"Ooooohhh!" She gasped. I'm so excited! I've just got to!"

She spread her legs a little wider, then her hand started bobbing quickly up and down in her pussy. I could see her fingers were between her pink vagina lips peeping out of her cunt bush. She was letting out little squeals of excitement and her breasts quivered with the rhythmic movement of her hand between her legs. My fingers between Wendy's legs had obviously got her well aroused, and now she was finishing the job by masturbating.

After ages of exquisite sexual pleasure administered by the hands of two women and from watching a third young beauty masturbate in front of me I felt my orgasm start to rise. The way I gripped Lucy's bottom, grunted and rammed my straining cock forward must have told her I was rising. Lucy eased off like Ellie had said, stroking my cock just across the ridge between my penis shaft and head.

At just the same time Wendy shrieked. Her hand between her legs suddenly speeded up. Her eyes closed, her mouth opened wide, her head fell back and her breasts swung up as she rammed her hips forward. Then with a long ululating cry her breasts bounced as her body juddered in the pulses of an explosive orgasm.

Wendy was quivering in her afterglow, holding her hand cupped over her throbbing sex mound when my own orgasm came burst. In the jolt of exquisite sexual pleasure I dug my hands into Lucy's bottom to pull her hard against me. Wendy shrieked with glee when my huge spurt of semen arched out from my cock and splashed over her breasts, into her cleavage and onto her sweet young face.

Lucy stopped tugging and stroking my cock after I'd shot my load but I was still mostly erect. I wrapped my own hand round my still lubed penis, shoved my cock forward till it was almost poking Wendy's face as she stayed kneeling in front of me, and I masturbated. I couldn't stop myself grunting "Wendy!" as a last couple of spurts of my semen splashed over Wendy's face and breasts.

I staggered back with my still half erect penis swinging and dangling a strand of semen.

"That's just how my daddy did it!" Wendy said gleefully, looking up at me.

My semen trickled down Wendy's cleavage and dripped off her nipples to run down her belly and catch in her belly button and pubic hair. Ellie went to Wendy's pile of clothes, extracted her little white cotton and lace schoolgirl knickers, and handed them to Wendy to wipe my semen off her face and body.

We all dressed then headed for the St. Matilda's school minibus. As Wendy climbed in, her short grey pleated school uniform skirt lifted high up her bare legs to treat me to a last glimpse of her naked bottom and her dark-haired cunt. She hadn't put her semen-soaked knickers back on.

Ellie drove, with me sitting next to her. On the way I watched Ellie's skirt slowly work its way up her tan nylon clad thighs. We dropped off the girls by St. Matilda's school gates for their grateful parents to collect them. Ellie drove the minibus to the school car park. By the time we arrived her skirt had risen as high up her thighs as that short tennis skirt.

"You like my legs, don't you?" Ellie said, pulling her skirt the last little bit higher to show me her white and flower patterned panties through her tights. She glanced at her watch. "It's late. School will be empty." Her hand went down to stroke the bulging peak of my trousers over my erection. "If you're ready for another lesson, shall we find a spare classroom?"

As a St. Matilda's teacher I'm always ready for a lesson. But that's another story.
