"So, what is the meaning of this? You have some nitwit fuck my wife and she spreads her legs for him while she's fertile? Are you trying to shame...," Rura started to rant at me as he approached me, only to have me kiss him on the lips.
"There, now, shut up and listen! That Kiss makes you my bitch, boi, just like Neal, Lewis, and other guys, just as it makes these ladies mine! You'll do exactly what I say from now on, no arguments, are we clear?" I ordered Rura, who gulped and instinctively held hands with Neal.
"So ... you two ... you really are boyfriends, aren't you? I don't mind that, husband, but I do mind that you both treated me so horribly! Not that it matters! I'm divorcing you and marrying Lewis, because that's what Master wants from me and I fully intend to obey him! This Desi girl isn't your good lady wife or your whore anymore! She's Master's slut and Lewis's wife now!" Neha announced as she took my cock into her mouth for emphasis and Madeira joined her in servicing me.
Just then, Heather and Marlena looked at each other and fell to their knees behind me, parting my cheeks to rim me with their typical lust. Neither woman wanted to stop servicing me, making themselves so brazen that one of the female patrons approached me before I knew it and gave me a French kiss well worth remembering forever afterward. She also had a wedding band on, and the look on her husband's face was priceless, especially as she changed from curious to ardent. The hubby had dangerous storm clouds in his eyes for a moment, but then she turned to him and whispered something. He nodded and gave me a Kiss as well, instantly transforming into a willing companion for his part.
"I'm ... Jessica and this is my husband, Andrew ... or Andy, for short. He's been curious about the whole... 'hot wife' scene for a while now, but I think that he still struggled with it. The idea of being a permanent plaything to another man was perhaps a bit much for his jealousy to handle for a moment there, but that's why I suggested that he join me in your service. Then we'd never be apart, right? We could serve you as a couple, as a team. So, we are yours now, right?" Jessica pleaded with me, not that I had any trouble granting her wish.
"Of course. Now, I want you to fuck Rura while Andrew butt-fucks Neal. Are we clear? You'll go cowgirl on Neha's ex here and he's to go to browntown with her boss," I instructed the couple, who were very pleased to have useful work to do.
Before too much longer, some shortening was brought out of the kitchen and applied to Neal's asshole, so that Andrew easily slid into the manager's asshole from behind. Neal was bent over a stool, with Andrew pumping good and hard in out of his tush, humping him with a fury. Neither man exactly objected, nor did Andrew complain when Lewis lined up to put his cock in Jessica's mouth while she rode Rura.
"Yes, that's right, suck his dick while you bounce up and down on another guy!" Andrew encouraged the action, now being very caught up in the moment.
That was the moment that Janine arrived at last and I gestured for Madeira and Heather to play with her while I went back and forth from Marlena's twat and Neha's. Madeira slipped her tongue inside Janine's cunt, while Heather spread Janine's cheeks to get busy rimming her with enthusiasm. Janine's biracial booty certainly held its share of appeal, that much was clear from the eager way that both ladies devoured her with their mouths. I was very much engaged in pounding two of my new lovers in alternating strokes right then, so I left the women to their own devices.
Marlena's pussy definitely warmed to me, nice and slick with its juices as they coated my cock with every thrust, as she pushed back eagerly with her hips at me. Neha's snatch was every bit as delectable, drawing me in deeper until I bottomed out inside her, the slimy cum left behind by Lewis serving as a nice, extra dose of lube. Of course, swapping as I did, some of Lewis's seed went inside Marlena along with Neha's fluids, just as some of Marlena's essence was delivered to Neha. The sight of their lovely buttocks didn't hurt, either, as both women had very fine asses, Marlena's buns a milky white contrast to Neha's earthy brown flesh. They also adapted well to anal fingering, much to my delight, my thumbs in particular making the girls cream themselves repeatedly.
It felt like an exquisite eternity, not an excruciating one, for sure, as I humped both ladies and watched the other sexual encounters inside the diner. While I slapped Marlena and Neha on their bottoms, I viewed the delightful sodomy between Andrew and Neal, the sensual Sapphic threesome between Madeira, Heather, and Janine, and the vigorous spit-roasting of Jessica by Rura and Lewis. When Neal splattered his load on the diner floor, however, Andrew flooded his colon with his spunk, leaving a trail of jizz to leak down the man's thighs as he ran to the john to clean up.
Just then, Jessica moaned in ecstasy and Rura erupted inside her twat, filling her up with his seed. Lewis sent his moneyshot down Jessica's throat and she gladly gulped it up, giving me the "thumbs up" sign of approval for the taste. Madeira, who had been convinced to go ahead and slip her prick inside Janine, didn't last long with Heather rimming her, of course. She spent herself with a groan, shooting plenty of swimmers into the South African cutie's snatch.
"Well, now that we've done that, we can go somewhere and talk some about the future, because I have great ideas for all of us ... and others yet to join our little family. How about we ditch this place, find a park to sit in for a while, and then go from there to the reunion? I still have more to do there, but I could use a chance to relax. A park is a great place for that, especially in case we get horny again and want to fuck in the open. Come on, boys and girls, we've got so much to do and such a great day ahead of us," I encouraged my new, growing family, club, tribe, or whatever to follow me where I led.
After all, it was still daylight, wasn't it?