Shy Wife's Camping Exposure
byfatfree©

A couple of years ago, my very shy wife, Jessica, had some unintentional exposure (see prior stories) but we have since moved for my work, and she has put it behind her. She still exercises a lot, dances the nut cracker each Christmas at the local theater and, in my opinion, has a tight hot body. She, on the other hand, is very shy of her body. Her tiny A cups are her biggest secret. She wears gel cup bras 100% of the time. Even her swim suits have inserts. We are each just under thirty, and our new home town gives us a lot of opportunity for hiking and camping that we had not had before. We have even learned to kayak. Good times.

We got in good with a club of like minded outdoor types and would go out on a canoe trip, camping trip or something similar about once a month. Each individual trip was usually a small affair, with 10 or less people on each trip, so we got to know everyone really well. Jessica is one of the few wives or even women to go on these trips, so she is well appreciated by the (usually younger) guys.

Several months and several trips later, we were comfortable and ready to go on our hiking/camping trip last weekend. We were to canoe in for a day and camp for two.

During the canoe trip in, we had our firs problem. Jessica was wearing a bikini, getting some sun and we had packed our clothes in a water proof barrel. We lost control about halfway to our campsite, and the canoe went over. We weren't hurt, but our extra clothes floated away while I was recovering my wife and righting the canoe.

We made our way to the camp site in one piece, but Jessica had nothing to wear but a bikini. We helped set up camp for a few hours with Jessica's tight bod drawing plenty of attention from the guys. She was getting a little nervous about being so underdressed and was getting a bit cold in her wet bikini. We finally got my coworker and friend, Mark to lend us a shirt for her to cover up with. Mark is a pretty good sized guy, so the shirt was big enough for her to wear as a sleep shirt while her bikini was drying.

She hustled away to peel off her wet swim suit and slip of the big, button up shirt. The campers and I set up the fire and began cooking dinner. When Jessica returned, she looked like a little girl in her daddy's shirt. she hung her bikini up near the fire, and all eyes were on my diminutive near naked wife.

For the first time, she was without her gel top and her flat chest was obvious to us. I'm sure she thought the shirt was baggie enough to conceal this from the crowd.

She sat cross-legged at the fire, making sure that her crotch was covered while we cooked and ate. The guys were paying her tons of attention, and I was clueless why until I sat down beside her. In the firelight, I saw that the shirt gaped between buttons, and the guys could see well lit nipple on the left. Her little white tit was visible to all the guys to the right of her. Of course, I couldn't tell her because she would be mortified. Most of our guy friends found some reason to sit on the right of her for a least part of the night. At least she was good at keeping the shirt over her unshaven crotch.

Finally, we went to sleep, leaving the bikini up to dry. I zipped the tent up and we had an uneventful night. Luckily, she was clueless about the show she put on.

About 6:30 in the morning, I left the tent to take a piss. I left the flap open without looking back. When I came back, our friends Mark and Tim were openly staring into my tent. When they saw me, they rushed off. I came to the tent to find Jessica in her favorite sleeping position. She was on her side, in the fetal position, with her knees drawn to her chest. Of course, the shirt was riding high at her waist. Her perfect white rear end, her pussy, her anus were visible in the sunlight. My breath was taken away by the extent of her unknown exposure. My eyes started as her ass crack, travelled past the few dark, sparse hairs above her anus. I looked at her lightly pigmented little butt hole then the inner lips of her vagina.

She must never know. I went in, closed the tent and pretended to sleep.

A day went by, and she didn't seem to notice they guys acting any differently toward her. I assumed the worst was over and started to relax. My wife is such a modest one that knowing what she had shown would undo her.

On the last morning, she gave mark back the shirt, thanked him and was running about in her gel top bikini. I took Mark and Tim with me into the woods to discuss the need for them to keep what they saw to themselves. On the way back, we happened upon the most shocking thing of this ill fated trip. We quietly come upon a clearing and mark came up short. Standing, clueless to our presence just five feet ahead of us was Jessica. She quickly dropped her bikini bottom and dropped to a squat.

This was a problem for many reasons. I had just explained to the guys that we must never let on that she had been exposed, and worse, Tim is one on my wife's coworkers.

We just froze and stared. I assumed a quick piss, she would move on and it would be over. No such luck. My pretty little ballerina wife let out a little grunt and leaned a bit forward, away from us. In her squat position, her anus was splayed open and worse yet, she was obviously taking a dump. I saw the log start to peek out on its way to its new home on the forest floor and I couldn't just let these guys watch. I tried to pull them away, of course, making noise. She swung her head around to see us right behind her. Damn. It was a long long trip home.

