This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions
of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If
you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is
illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if
you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this
site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said
that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at
least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not
offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are
fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities
is purely coincidental.
=======================================================

The phone rang, and I was surprised to her Virginias voice on
the other end. I'm sorry to bother you, she began, but I was
wondering if we could get together sometime soon, she said.

Soon, as in 15 minutes, I asked.  Good heavens, no, she said, I
was thinking, hoping for, say perhaps tomorrow or the following
day.  And the purpose (as if I didn't know) of this visit is, I
asked.  Well, she stammered, you know.  No I don't, I said, that
is why I asked with a smirk on my face.

Then perhaps said Virginia; I've called in error.  I'm sorry to
have disturbed you, and she hung up the phone.  I disconnected as
well and returned to my reading.

Twenty minutes passed, and the phone rang.  I want to have the
machine fuck me again, was the opening statement.  Not wanting to
miss an opportunity, I asked who was calling.  You know perfectly
well who this is was the reply so can I please visit, she asked.

I generally don't like repeats, I said, as the thrill of the
unknown is no longer a factor, but perhaps...my voice trailed
off.  Perhaps what, inquired Virginia, what is it she asked?

Perhaps a friend, who wouldn't mind being added to my private
collection, I said.  There was stunned silence, then once more
the phone went dead and I hung it up.

Minutes later it rang again, but I didn't answer, allowing the
answering machine to intercept the call.  Okay, yes I'll do it;
Virginia's voice began.  Please can I come out tomorrow, she
asked?  I grabbed the phone, and said, the only way you can come
out is by bringing a friend.  Tomorrow's not enough time, she
said.  Not my problem, I replied.  As soon as you're ready let me
know, I said, then hung up the phone with the same rudeness as
she displayed earlier.

A week passed, then another and I hadn't heard from Virginia when
the phone rang midway through the morning.  Hello, this is
Virginia, she began.  Bet you thought you'd never hear from me
again, she said, then continued, Cynthia and I would like to stop
by.

You going to tell me anything about Cynthia, I asked.  Such as,
she asked.  Such as who she is, what does she looks like, what
you've told her, what she expects, what her limits are, so on and
so forth, I said.  Then I added, you know, while this is
certainly fun, it's also serious business, as I want my
collection to be unique, special and interesting too.

Virginia began by telling me that Cynthia was about her age,
married and all the usual stuff.  When I pushed her about the
pictures, Virginia said that Cynthia felt that while she's never
done anything like that, it would be a fun thing to do,
especially at her age.

Have you ever seen her, I asked Virginia?  You mean....oh no she
said, no never.  Then, I said, you don't know about tattoos,
piercing, birth scars, and so on.  No, guess I don't she said. 
And are there any limits, I asked.  Limits, said Virginia, I
don't quite understand, what do you mean, limits?

Well oral, anal, you know I said, what are no no's.  Oh, I never
asked said Virginia, but I would guess anything goes.  You know,
I said, I seem to remember you begging me not to fuck your ass
when it came down to it, and then promising to introduce me to
your friends as well.  But, I continued, when push came to shove,
you were offended when I told you of the conditions for coming
back, and now you're casually telling me, oh anything goes with
Cynthia.

I then asked, and what does Cynthia expect or want out of all
this?  Think she's just interested in having the fun, said
Virginia.

Tell you what, I said, you and Cynthia come by, lets say 11 a.m.
I said.  Okay, we'll see you then said Virginia.

The doorbell rang and I went to open it.  Standing there was
Virginia, dressed in a very classy looking skirt and blouse. 
Along side of her was Cynthia, whom she introduced me to, and I
invited them both inside.

The two together presented a stark contrast to one another. 
Virginia was tall with a slim figure.  Cynthia was short, and
while not slim, certainly not fat either, but because of her
height she at first glance did fool you.

As they entered the room, Cynthia said, so I understand that you
like to photograph women.  Yes, I said, I have that interest, now
the question is, are you going to be one of those women?  Well,
she said, I'm here, aren't I?

Yes, I said, please have a seat, offering them both a seat on the
sofa and commenting the question is whether or not you'll remain
or leave early.

So where do you two know each other from, I asked.  They looked
at one another, and then Cynthia said, I guess the neighborhood.


So, I said, you're out walking the dog and up walks Virginia here
and says, hi, how would you like to pose naked for a stranger,
and you said, sure, anytime, and now you're here.  No, come on
ladies, I don't buy it, but if that is what you want me to
believe, so be it.

Cynthia, I continued, have you ever done something like this
before?  I've had my picture taken, if that is what you're
asking, she said.  Really, I said, tell me more.

My husband was messing around once and took a picture of me,
which I though was horrible looking.  So, I told him that if he
wanted a picture of me, it should be a good one.  He then had me
pose for him and he carries that picture in his wallet, she said.


That's interesting, I said, but I'm not your husband, and this
will be a little different, I assure you.  Now lets get started,
shall we?  Virginia, I said, how about you begin by getting a
little more comfortable?

Virginia stood and began undoing her blouse in front of Cynthia
and myself.  Have you ever seen Virginia naked, I asked Cynthia.
No, she said, not taking her eyes off Virginia as she slipped out
of her blouse in front of us.

Then as Virginia undid her skirt and stepped out of the fallen
fabric, I asked Cynthia what she thought.  About what, she asked?
 For a start, I said, maybe about Virginia's choice of lingerie.
Standing before us now in her deep purple bra and matching
panties Virginia put her hands on her hips and struck a pose.

Very attractive set, began Cynthia, I guess they come from VS's,
or at least should have, she said.  I chuckled, set...you mean
her tits or the bra and panties.  What do you think, asked
Cynthia?

I think her tits, I said, and also that you want Virginia to take
off her bra so you can see her tits.  With that, Virginia reached
behind her and unfastened the bra letting it slip from her
shoulders and off her body.

So, like them, I asked Cynthia?  Yes, Virginia has a very nice
figure, she said.  So you think she has nice tits, I pushed....as
nice as yours.  Yes, said Cynthia, she has nice boobs.

Come here, I motioned to Virginia, who walked over closer to
Cynthia and myself.  I reached out and cupped one of Virginia's
tits and said, here Cynthia.

What....wha...what do you want me to do, she asked with a slight
quiver in her voice.  Take hold of the tit, I said, it won't bite
you.  Cynthia reached her hand out, then withdrew, saying, I
can't, I ...

I grabbed her wrist and forced her hand against Virginia's boob
and started to massage it.  Cynthia's eyes went wide, but she
didn't run off screaming, so I eased my pressure on her wrist and
she didn't back away.  I moved my hand to the back of her head
and pushed her face towards Virginia's other boob.  Kiss it, I
whispered loudly in her ear.

Cynthia's lips touched Virginia's tit, but nothing more.  Kiss
and suck that nipple, I said, again guiding and holding her head.
 Cynthia's tongue darted out and flicked Virginia's nipple a few
times, while she continued to squeeze and massage Virginia with
her other hand.

You like to use that tongue and mouth to suck cock, I asked
Cynthia.  Yes, she said, moving her mouth away from Virginia. 
Your tits bigger than Virginia's, I asked.  Yes, she said, as I
pushed her head against Virginia once again.

It seemed that I didn't need to hold Cynthia's position any
longer, so I slowly removed my hands and she continued to work on
Virginia's tits.  I then moved my hand and arm under and up
Cynthia's skirt and moved my hand against her inner thighs to
have her spread a little.

Cupping her crotch I could feel the dampness of her panty, so I
pushed against the fabric forcing it into her crack just a
little.  Your pussy's wet, I said, think Virginia's pussy is wet?
 I then once again took Cynthia by the wrist and pulled her hand
down to Virginia's panty.

Virginia spread her legs slightly and quietly moaned as we
started to rub her pussy through her panties.  Virginia, I said,
I think Cynthia wants you to feel her tits.

At that Virginia began to feel Cynthia tits and then started
squeezing them and pinching the nipples through the dress and
bra.  Cynthia moaned a bit as I continued to guide her hand over
Virginia's pussy and Virginia played with her tits.

I moved Cynthia's hand from Virginias pussy to my cock and
whispered, want my cock?  Yes, she mumbled as Virginia pushed
against her.

I once again slid my hand up under her skirt and began to feel
her ass and reached between her legs pushing my wrist against her
crotch and started stroking her with my wrist and forearm.

Cynthia moaned as I asked Virginia if she really had big tits. Oh
yes, said Virginia.  Cynthia, I said, take off Virginia's
panties.  Cynthia stepped back from Virginia for a second or two
and then moved her hands to the waistband and began pulling the
panty down finally exposing Virginia bald pussy.

Your pussy shaved, I asked Cynthia.  No, she said.  Can I see
your pussy, I asked as I pushed my fingers against her under her
skirt.  Oh please, Cynthia whispered, I'm so hot, please.

Virginia, I said, Cynthia's hot, so lets get her out of her
cloths shall we.  Virginia began to undress Cynthia and I moved
Cynthia's hand once again back to Virginia's pussy.  Get your
finger good and wet, I said to her as I guided her into
Virginia's love hole.

Virginia paused for a few seconds, then continued to undress
Cynthia, finally pulling her bra down and exposing her tits.
Virginia reached for Cynthia's nipples and grasping each
proceeded to stretch and lift her tits by the nipple causing
Cynthia to wince and moan at the same time.  Yes, Virginia said,
her tits are certainly bigger than mine, then let go causing them
to back bounce back.

With my hand out from under Cynthia's skirt, Virginia began
undoing it and tugging it down over her hips, pulling her panties
off at the same time.  With the cloths piled on the floor around
her, she continued with her finger in Virginia's pussy as I
lifted one leg at a time to guide her out of the cloths.

I then pulled her hand away from Virginia's pussy and motioned
for Virginia to suck on Cynthia's tits, which she begins doing. 
Cynthia, now moans and lift her tits to Virginia's mouth.

Stepping behind Cynthia, I part her cheeks and begin to rub her
with my hand, using the other to unzip my fly and retrieve my
swollen cock which I then begin to press against her.

Virginia, I say, check to see if Cynthia is wet.  Virginia's hand
snakes down the front of Cynthia as I move my hand between her
legs.  Finally Virginia touches my fingers with hers as we both
begin to probe Cynthia's pussy.

Cynthia yells, fuck me, please fuck me as I bury my finger in her
and Virginia follows suit also using her thumb to rub Cynthia's
clit while Cynthia tried to grab Virginia's tits.

Whispering in Cynthia's ear, I tell her that she needs to take
Virginia's panties off.  Cynthia immediately begins to reach for
and tears at Virginia's panties working them over her hips and
down her legs.  As she's doing this, I move my middle finger to
her rosebud and press.

Cynthia didn't know how to react.  First she pulled away, but
then she pushed back and I spread her open a bit further and
pushed my finger into her.  She gasped and wiggled her ass trying
to dislodge me, but it wasn't about to happen.

I started to ream her asshole and pushed my finger further to the
next digit.  Your ass a virgin, I asked Cynthia.  Yes, please
please don't, you're hurting me, she said.

Lick Virginia's pussy before I put in some more, I said, pushing
my finger further into her.  She screamed and grabbed Virginia
forcing her down and burying her face into her pussy.  Now with
her ass raised, I continued to ream her stretching the hole
further as she bobbed her head all over Virginia's pussy.

You need to get Virginia very very wet, I said, pulling my finger
from her asshole, so lick her good.  I'll be back in a few
minutes, I said and left the room.

I returned with Virginia's favorite machine and began setting it
up. Virginia could see what I was doing, but Cynthia didn't have
a clue, as she was busy with Virginia's pussy.

I took the dildo portion from the shaft and slipped it into
Cynthia's cunt.  For a few seconds she thought it was me, but
then realized that it was something else.  Now good and wet, I
snapped it back onto the shaft and patted Cynthia's ass moving
her out of the way.

Lining up the dildo with Virginia slopping pussy, I slipped the
dildo in and flipped the switch.  Cynthia went wide eye and
Virginia screamed in delight.  I passed the control to Virginia
and told her that the electric was paid till the end of the
month.

Unknown to Cynthia was the fact that everything up till now, and
still was being recorded by the cameras throughout the room.  I
now grabbed my hand held digital and began taking photos of her.
I had her looking at Virginia, with her head in Virginia's lap
behind the jabbing machine, sucking her nipples, holding her legs
apart and finally squatted over Virginia's face as she licked
Cynthia's cunt.

Finally I had her come over to me and start to lick and suck my
cock till I exploded in her mouth.  Her eyes once again went wide
as she pulled back from me.  What's wrong I asked, don't you like
the taste of me?

She started to speak, but the cum was running from her mouth, and
my flash was going off in her eyes.  Then without a word she ran
for the bathroom.  Following her, I pushed the door open finding
her over the sink her hands and face soaked and dripping with
water as the water continued to run.

I snapped a few more photos's asking her what was wrong, as if I
didn't know.  Sorry, she said, I'm just not good at this.  So you
don't swallow, I said.  Guess not, Cynthia replied then asked,
must I?

And if I say yes, then what, I asked?  I don't know, replied
Cynthia, then twisting her head to the loud scream of Virginia
from the bedroom.
Is that what you want, to be serviced by the machine, I asked.

Noooo, replied Cynthia, not really.   Well then what, I demanded.
 I don't know, she said, I just don't know.  Any sexual spell was
instantly broken, and it now immediately became a very detached
situation between Cynthia and myself.  Cynthia had also pissed me
off by running out of the room.  I could live with her saying
that she didn't swallow, but to just bolt from the room...well it
just didn't lend itself to the situation.  I was now determined
to push Cynthia to the limit and beyond, as she really didn't
matter to me anymore because of her action.

Well I'll tell you want I want, I said.  I want you to get up on
this vanity counter and spread your legs.  I snapped a few of
Cynthia on her tiptoes and wiggling onto the counter.  Then with
her legs open, I took any number of photo's of her with her pussy
open, pulled wide, with my finger in her, and so on.  I also
captured in photos, her lifting her tits, pulling on her nipples
and trying to suck them as well.

Cynthia then suddenly asked if she could leave.  Sure I said, and
watched her slide off the vanity and walk past Virginia and her
beloved machine into the great room.

Without much talk Cynthia gathered her cloths and started to
dress herself, never realizing that all was captured on video. 
Dressed she told me goodbye and started for the door.  Wait a
second I said, moving along side her.  Now don't move, and I got
down on the floor and pointed the digital camera up her skirt and
clicked off a few photos.  Then getting up, I reached for her
tits and she stepped back.  Hold on I said, I just want a final
feel before you go, is that okay.

No, no please don't, she said.  Okay, I said, then asked,
anything else.  No, may I go now, asked Cynthia.  Sure, I said,
and opened the door for her to leave.  As she scurried past me, I
didn't attempt anything, but just closed the door and walked back
to hear Virginia screaming her pleasure from the bedroom.

I mixed myself a drink and sat down with my thoughts.  I was
really pissed at Cynthia and wanted to extract my pound of flesh.
 Sitting there I didn't hear Virginia enter the room till I
looked up to see her standing before me.

Everything okay, she asked.  Yes, yes, I said, you?  Wonderful,
she smiled and got on her knees in front of where I was sitting.
Reaching for my cock she said, you know the machine is wonderful,
but there is still nothing like the real thing.  She then lowered
her mouth and engulfed my semi-swollen cock which started to then
spring back to life.

As Virginia's head bobbed up and down on my cock, I asked her if
Cynthia was critical to her lifestyle.  She shook her head no and
continued to suck on me.  Then lifting her head, she asked why I
asked.

No reason, I said, just that Cynthia wanted some private stuff,
and well before proceeding I wanted to be certain that there was
not going to be any conflict or anything.

Not at all said Virginia.  Like I told you, I knew or rather know
her, but we're not day to day coffee and Danish friends.  So, if
I piss her off and she never ever speaks to you again, you don't
have a problem, I said.  No, none what so ever, but why would you
want to do that, Virginia asked.

I don't, just examining every possibility, I replied as Virginia
returned to the task at hand.  Shortly I could feel my balls like
positioning themselves to deliver a fresh load of cum into
Virginia's waiting mouth.  And there it was, yet Virginia
continued to suck me dry and then licked me clean smacking her
lips in delight.

I fingered her as she dressed and soon was once again alone with
my thoughts about Cynthia.  As I continued to sit there and think
about things, I became more and more sure of the fact that
Cynthia was indeed a sluts slut, but just needed to be brought
out of her shell.  Also, if I could accomplish it, well I'd have
quite a memory in my film library.

Several days later I was still in a quandary about Cynthia, but
then it suddenly dawned on me and the pieces all came together. 
First I called my buddy in a town about 100 miles away and
working with him, we began the process of setting things up.

Next I went through the majority of photos and video's I took of
Cynthia along with Cynthia and Virginia also and picked out some
of the most vivid ones.  After that it was all quite simple.

I established a web address as part of one of my existing sites
and posted the photo's there.  After checking to see that all was
working properly I placed a call to Cynthia.

After a few rings she picked up and we chatted for a few minutes.
 I then asked her if she had a computer there in the house and
she said she did.  I stayed on the phone with her and helped her
enter the URL address.  There was silence and then the line went
dead.

I didn't call back, but waited till the next morning and then
called back.  When Cynthia heard my voice, she became quite upset
and then asked me what I wanted.

I told her that I wanted her to attend a charity auction with me
in the neighboring town the following week.  She asked for the
time and I told her it would be in the evening, so she would be
late getting back home, or if she could it might be better to
spend the night and come back the next day.  Cynthia said she
would see what she could do and call me back.  I gave her my
number and waited for her call.

Two days later the phone rang and Cynthia was on the phone.  She
had worked it out and would attend, but would I now remove the
pictures from the internet.  I told her they were already gone
and invited her to check, which she did and then thanked me for
removing them.

I told her I'd pick her up after lunch at a local mall next
Tuesday and we'd drive over.  Tuesday arrived and I went to meet
Cynthia.  She was waiting for me outside on the curb.

I drove up and she opened the door and got into the car.  She
said she hadn't been waiting long and we began our trip.  On the
way over, Cynthia asked me questions about the auction and I
explained to her that it was for the national charity with 100%
of the proceeds going there.

She commented that she hoped she was dressed okay, and I assured
her that she was just fine.  She continued to make some small
talk as the miles rolled by and we finally arrived at our
destination.

I parked the car and we entered the Star Theater.  Once inside it
was difficult to see, but my friend Rick met us and ushered us
through a doorway which lead backstage.

Before Cynthia could ask any questions or say anything the
curtain parted and she, Rick and I were out on the stage where
the crowd burst into applause.

I whispered into Cynthia's ear, cooperate or else your husband,
his employer, your kids, neighbors, parents and anyone else I can
think of will get copies of an internet address.  Her eyes went
wide, but she didnt' say a word, as Rick began to speak.

I want to introduce everyone to Cynthia.  She's not from around
here, but has agreed to participate in this charity fundraiser.
Now so there is no questions, I want you all to know that 100% of
the money raised will go to the named charity.  The cost of the
theater here will be paid for by a hat at the back of the room,
so drop in a few buck to help defray the expenses.  Now lets get
started, shall we.

First item up for bid will be Cynthia's jacket.  Cynthia, show
the folks your jacket, said Rick.  Cynthia looked over at me, and
I motioned for her to move around the stage.

Thats it, said Rick, walk around some so everyone can get a good
look at the item up for bid.  Cynthia began to walk about and the
bids started to roll in.  $1, $3, $5, $10 and finally $12.50 was
the winning bid.  Cynthia realized what was happening and it was
confirmed when Rick told her to take off the jacket.

Next on the block, said Rick, is Cynthia's blouse so do I hear an
opening bid of $25 for charity?  $10, $12, $12.50, $17 and the
bids continued getting stuck at the $22 mark.  Come on said Rick,
lets make it worth while.  Cynthia is just a volunteer housewife,
so how about it, do I hear $25?   $25 someone shouted and Rick
shouted back, sold.

The blouse, said Rick to Cynthia, time to take it off.  Cynthia
looked in my direction and began to unbutton her blouse, and
finally pulled it from her skirt then slipped it off and handed
it to Rick.

There you have it, said Rick.  Cynthia next item up for bid will
be her skirt, so if everyone can take their eyes off her bra for
a minute, he continued as he motioned for Cynthia to walk about
and model her skirt.

Okay, what is the opening bid for the skirt, said Rick.  $25
someone shouted.  $25, do I hear $35, asked Rick.  $30, do I hear
$40?  Silence.  $30, going once, going twice...sold for $30.

Cynthia, the skirt please, said Rick.  Cynthia reached behind her
and unzipped the skirt, then fumbled for a few seconds with the
waist band button, until finally she hooked her fingers into the
waist band and slid the skirt down over her hips and let it fall
to the floor where she stepped out of it.

There were some shout as Cynthia stood in her heels wearing
nothing but a bra and panties.

Quiet please said Rick....we need quiet so we can proceed. 
Things got quiet and Rick said, the next item up for bid is
Cynthia's bra.  $50 was shouted.  $50, why $50 only covers the
cost of the straps, said Rick.  Cynthia, show these folks the
bra, said Rick.

Cynthia once again began to walk back and forth with the full
impact of what was about to happen facing her now.  Rick then
calls her over to him.  With Cynthia standing next to him, he has
her turn sideways and then reminds everyone by saying, this is an
important bid.  I'd like for everyone to see here how important
this bra is.  Notice if you will the length of Cynthia's tits as
it lifts and shapes them.

With that Rick runs his hands under Cynthia right globe as she's
turned sideways towards the bidders.  He then stepped behind
Cynthia and pulled the tag to where he could read it.

Bidders he announced, the manufacturer advises that this bra is a
38D, so certainly it is worth far more than $50 for the amount of
fabric alone, not to mention that this items is warmed by
Cynthia's tits.  Surely that is worth some extra dollars, for
charity, said Rick.

$75, $80, $90, $100, was the bid.  $125 with a condition came a
shout.  What condition, asked Rick.  That I remove it and am the
first to see her tits, came the reply.

Everyone hear that, the bid is now $125 with the condition that
the winner removes the bra and gets 1st look at Cynthia's tits. 
Do I hear $150, shouted Rick.  $150 echoed back.  That's a $150
bid, said Rick, do I hear $200?  $165 with an added condition was
bid.

What's the condition, asked Rick.  Same as before, except I also
get to play with her tits for 3 minutes, came the reply.  The
bids now $165 with the added condition, said Rick.

Cynthia was standing transfixed on some distant thing trying not
to hear what was happening as Rick said, SOLD for $175, now come
up here and collect your property.

An athletic man of about 40 came up to the stage and shook Ricks
hand and briefly spoke to him, before going over to Cynthia.

Rick said, Cynthia, please turn around.  Cynthia turned her back
and glanced over to me where I blew her a kiss and mouthed hubby.
 She glared at me as the winning bidder touched her back and
pulled on the strap fastening the bra.

He then proceeded to unhook the bra and stepped aside.  You could
see the two straps dangling beneath each shoulder strap as he
moved around in front of Cynthia.

He then said, Rick I'll have first look and then 3 minutes during
which I'd like Cynthia to have her arms over her head.  Do we
have anything we can use to help her keep her arms up, he asked.


Sure said Rick, nodding in my direction, where I unfastened a
long rope and lowered a Singapore Sling.

For those of you who don't know, the sling fastens to each arm
and leg plus has a open mesh type seat and is suspended by a
series of ropes and pulleys.  Someone in the sling can now be
easily moved and displayed in just about any position by just
adjusting the ropes.

Rick stepped to Cynthia and took her left hand and fastened her
wrist, then the other.  The seat and leg portion of the sling
were rolled up and sort of acted as a head cushion.  There, hows
that, asked Rick of no one in particular.

With her arms still at her side the winning bidder stepped to
Cynthia and lifted each shoulder strap as he pulled them down her
arms yet still having the cups hold her tits.

As more of her tits became visible, he now pulled the bra away
exposing the top of her nipples, then finally the rest of the way
off as Cynthia tits came into view.  Beautiful, he said, just
lovely.

The bra was hooked in the arm cuffs, and Rick quickly stepped
forward and for a moment released each of Cynthia's arms and
removed the tangled bra.

The man then said, bend forward.  Cynthia bent forward and her
tits swung out beneath her, while the pulley was adjusted to hold
her arms outstretched and level.

Christ you have nice tits he said, as she lowered himself and he
took hold of each.  As he continued, he felt the fullness of each
tits in his hand and began to tweak the nipples.  He then said,
okay, stand up and put your arms over your head.

Cynthia really didn't have much of a choice in the matter as the
wire was adjusted and she was standing up with arms now being
pulled up over her head.  The winner then continued to play with
her tits, pulling on her nipples and then began to suck and
nibble on them.

Rick then called out, times up, and the man backed away pulling
on each nipple and stretching Cynthia's tits to the very limit. 
Letting go of the nipples the blood rushed back as each bounced
back against Cynthia's chest and she couldn't help but emit a
loud moan.

Cynthia with her back to everyone next heard Rick saying, okay
now Cynthia's next contribution will be her panties.  You'll need
to look at this fine silk fabric and if you will please notice
how perfectly it covers her ass.  Cynthia, said Rick, shake your
ass a little.  Notice, he continued, how the panty molds and
holds as Cynthia wiggles her ass.

Cynthia, turn sideways, he said.  Notice too that these are thigh
high and how the fabric is cut to show all of Cynthia's leg, he
continued.

Now turn the rest of the way, said Rick, knowing full well that
this would fully show her tits for the first time.  Cynthia
turned slowly as the sling system adjusted itself, yet held her
arms extended over her head.

Rick continued, now notice how the panty covers Cynthia's pussy,
yet if you look carefully you can see the outline of her slit
beneath the fabric.  So do I hear an opening bid of $500 he
asked.  $100, $150, $200, $275 came the bids.  Finally Rick
shouted sold for $385, and the winner came forward to claim his
prize.

The man then told Cynthia to bend forward as he stepped behind
her and slide her panties down over her ass.  As she followed the
instruction he soon saw the unveiling of her rosebud followed by
the somewhat swollen lips of her pussy.  With the fabric just
below her butt he had her stand straight and moved to the front
of her.  Then on his knees, he reached for the waistband and
slowly pulled the panty down till it was finally around her
ankles and he was looking directly at her exposed slit.

He then pulled on the fabric so she would step out of it and
finally with one leg free, he pulled so as to have her spread her
legs some allowing him a peek at her slightly open hole.

With Cynthia now somewhat distracted by this, the balance of the
sling was unrolled and the cuffs were fitted around her ankles,
then the seat was adjusted.  With all things in place Cynthia was
suddenly lifted off the ground and left sitting in mid air, then
returned to a standing position with just her shoes on.

Rick moved next to Cynthia and holding his hands up to quiet the
group said, okay talk with the little lady for a few minutes
shall we?  A hush fell over everyone and Rick continued.

Cynthia, he began, I'd like to take a few minutes to visit as I'm
sure that everyone would like to know more about you, will that
be okay?  Yes, said Cynthia.

So, continued Rick, I won't ask your age, but it's safe to say
that you're over 21 and...  I'm 47, said Cynthia.  And you're
married, I presume.  Yes, she replied.  You have children?  Yes,
2.  And, Rick said, I understand that you let your husband take
some photos of you for his wallet, is that correct?   Yes, he has
one, Cynthia replied.

Cupping her tit now Rick asked, have you always had big tits, or
are they just maturing?  Trying to be pleasant and realizing her
situation Cynthia said, no after the kids I just got bigger. 
Does your hubby like your big tits, continued Rick as he squeezed
some and toyed with her nipple.

Yes, replied a nervous Cynthia as she moaned some in response to
Ricks continued play.  Rick then pinched stretched her nipple
holding it tight asking, so do you like to fuck?   Y es, she
replied with a nervous shake.  You let your hubby fuck you, he
continued?   Yes, came the reply.

Suck his cock, said Rick?  Yes.  You swallow his cum and lick him
clean and suck him dry, he then asked.  No, I don't like that,
said Cynthia.

Your nipple is real hard, think I should make the other one just
as hard, asked Rick?  Yes, please said Cynthia.  Your pussy wet,
he asked?  Yes, replied Cynthia.

Your hubby fuck your ass, asked Rick?  Noooooo moaned Cynthia. 
You been titty fucked, asked Rick.  I don't know, she replied. 
You don't know, he mocked her.  So all you do is open your pussy
to be fucked, he said and he stretched her nipple pulling her tit
up before letting it spring back against her chest.

Well everyone, there you have it.  Our lovely Cynthia here has
nice tits and a pussy that gets fucked, nothing more.  So, lets
continue, shall we said Rick.

The next item up for bid will be 3 timed minutes with Cynthia's
cunt, so here is what your bidding for, he said.  The sling
adjusted and Cynthia was suspended on her back and her legs
pulled apart.  Little wider said Rick, and her legs were pulled
further apart.

You've seen her tits, now check out her pussy, said Rick.  What
am I bid, he asked.  $10 came a bid.  What, reacted Rick, $10. 
Look at this fine pussy, he said as he pulled back on Cynthia
labia.  Pure pink, he said, now lets get real shall we?  $50, $60
and so on till Rick called Sold for $87.

The wining bidder came up and promptly buried his face in Cynthia
pussy.  It appeared that he didn't come up for air for the entire
3 minutes as he touched, licked and drove his tongue into
Cynthia.  Cynthia's reaction was multi-ogamasic along with her
attempting to grab her tits and begging to be fucked with
anything in her hole.

Rick called time, and Cynthia wailed, no no please don't leave me
like this.  Please, please someone fuck me, oh please, she
begged.

Rick said, turn her please, and the pulleys were adjusted and
Cynthia was suspended on her stomach.  Rick walked to her and
motioned for her to be raised up.  Cynthia instead of being a few
feet from the floor was raised till she was almost 5 feet over
the floor, so it was very easy for Rick to grab her already
tortured tit and pull on it some more.

Now everyone, our next item for bid will be a 3 minute reaming of
 Cynthia's cute little Rosebud, so what am I bid for truly a
piece of Cynthia's ass, asked Rick.  The bidding started as
Cynthia was once again repositioned with the sling to raise her
ass and open her legs wide.

Rick stepped to her and slipped his finger into her cunt for some
moisture, then began to circle her tight rosebud with the tip,
then pushing his finger against her.  No no please don't screamed
Cynthia.

Anything, I'll do anything you want, just don't do that to me,
she said.  Rick push again putting some pressure on her, as she
screamed, NO NO, Oh please don't, I beg you, please please as her
voice trailed off.  Then between sniffles and sobs Cynthia
continued, please, please you'll hurt me....

Rick pushed harder and his finger entered Cynthia's asshole to
the first digit.  Cynthia screamed more with fright than with
pain, and begged to have Rick remove his finger from her. 
Pleeeeease she cried, as Rick began reaming her ever so slightly.
  No no please, look at my pussy, it wants to be fucked, she
said.

Oh no, screamed Cynthia as Rick push a little deeper with his
finger.  Pleaseeeee stop she yelled, you're hurting me.  If I
stop, said Rick, what will you fuck?  Anything, anything, replied
Cynthia, please just take your finger out of me, she begged.

Okay, said Rick, I'll stop, and he pulled his finger from her,
then spread her ass cheeks further to show how she had been
stretched by the reaming he gave her.

Then calling out, Rick asked each of the winning bidders to come
forward once again.  Cynthia, still face down in the sling was
turned so everyone could see as she was offered the first cock to
suck.  Once hard, the man stepped behind her and began fucking
her pussy, as another stepped in front of her to receive his
blowjob.

When the first man finished emptying his cum into her, he rotated
to the next position of being underneath her and began pulling on
her nipples and tits while the 2nd man fill her pussy with his
cock and the third stepped forward to be prepared by her all
spewing their cum into her swollen pussy.

Finally Cynthia exhausted with tender tits and cum draining from
her sore pussy is turned onto her back in the sling and lowered
to the floor where her arms and legs are restrained spread eagle.

Without a word to anyone Rick sent a signal by hand and a large
German Sherpard came running to him.  Rick grasped the dogs
collar and guided him towards Cynthia.

Catching the closing smell of sex, the dog needed no more
instruction, but stood between Cynthia's spread legs and began
lapping her pussy with his tongue.

Suddenly opening her eyes and seeing the dog while feeling his
tongue lapping her pussy Cynthia screamed a piercing scream
followed by demands that the dog be removed.  All was in vain, as
the dog drove his tongue into her hole and lapped up the cum
dripping from it.

Cynthia's excitement began to overcome her fear as the tongue
started at her asshole and constantly licked to the very top of
her slit.  As she started to moan some as a result of this
attention, her body began to betray her with the fresh lube in
her pussy.

The shepherd sensing this instinctively began to get a hard on
and in short order was starting to mount Cynthia.  Rick pulled on
Cynthia's leg to allow the dogs cock to line up with her hole and
then the dog lowered and drove himself into her cunt.

Cynthia once more screamed as the dog began to fuck her and soon
she could feel the swollen cock suddenly getting bigger inside
her so as to retain its position and not slip out.  Seconds
turned into minutes and minutes seems like hours to Cynthia, but
suddenly the dog was almost tearing at her pussy as he withdrew
his dick from her hole.

Cynthia was released from the restraints, and still in the sling
was raised to a sitting position with her arms and legs spread. 
Rick then asked Cynthia if she was ready to give up her virgin
ass, and before she could answer, he suggested that he also had a
small donkey, which once again produced a shrill Nooooooooo from
Cynthia.

So a blow job where you swallow and lick me clean for a start and
then your virgin ass will keep the donkey away from you, said
Rick as he pulled on one of her nipples.  Yes, yes anything said
Cynthia and with that she was once again suspended face down in
the sling and her legs spread.

Rick stepped in front of her and moved his swollen cock around
her face then to her lips which parted and he slipped his cock
inside her mouth where she immediately began using her tongue and
lips to satisfy him.

Get ready, said Rick, now swallow it all else the donkey, as he
started to empty his load into Cynthia's waiting mouth.  Fearing
failure and the threat of the donkey, Cynthia managed to swallow
all and proceeded to lick Ricks cock and her lips to insure that
not a drop was wasted and fell to the floor.

With a look of satisfaction, yet still concerned, Cynthia could
only but wait for the next move.  Very good said Rick, now do you
think you'll swallow without excuses from now on.  Yes, replied
Cynthia, please can I get down now.

In a minute, said Rick.  First though, he continued, there are a
few folks out there who weren't lucky enough to win a bid, so if
any of you are interested in some exploration of Cynthia, step
up, he said.

A few people made their way up and in short order began exploring
Cynthia's pussy and mouth while in between giving her tits &
nipples a bit of attention too.

But all that ended when the next person in line was a woman.  She
then announced that she was willing to contribute one-thousand
dollars for Cynthia eating her out while being fucked in the ass
at the same time.

Nooooooo, screamed Cynthia, I can't, I won't, don't make me.  But
the woman lifted her skirt and jammed herself against Cynthia's
face yelling, lick me good bitch, then snapped her fingers and a
large black man stepped forward and drove his giant cock into
Cynthia cunt.  Lubed now, he started to push himself against
Cynthia's asshole as he stretched her cheeks further apart than
thought possible.

Cynthia tried to break free, but was held fast by the woman and
driven into her by the slow pressure of the man knocking on her
backdoor.  As her muscle gave way to the pressure and opened,
Cynthia screamed into the womans pussy when the cockhead slipped
into her.  As the unknown black man continued to push is way into
her, the tears and screams continued though somewhat muffled by
the womans pussy.

As the black man got further and further into Cynthia's ass she
began to relax some and shortly thereafter was pushing back onto
the black cock and starting to fuck it with her ass, all the
while continuing to lick and drive her tongue into the womans
cunt which was being thrust into her face.

You could see the black man begin to sweat and realized that he
was slowing to take every ounce of pleasure before exploding
inside Cynthia's ass.  Then with a loud moan, he unloaded his cum
into her and shortly withdrew his shrinking cock from her
stretched hole.

Rick stepped forward once again and called for the shepherd who
bounded onto the stage and immediately began licking Cynthia's
cracks as he moaned and from time to time jerked in a muscle
reaction, before just passing out.

After a few minutes, Cynthia came back around finding that she
was no longer in the sling, but in fact, still on the stage and
seated on a chair.

With Rick at her side, I could hear him say to Cynthia that he
was now going to bring the donkey out.  Her eyes looked like they
would come out from the sockets, and she started to shake her
head and say, no no, please, I can't, she said.

If you don't want the donkey, asked Rick, will you come back next
month to help raise more money, he asked?  I don't know, said
Cynthia, but Rick stepped behind her and reach over her shoulders
and grabbed her tits and firmly squeezed, saying get the donkey.
NO, screamed Cynthia, I'll come back, I promise, just please as
she broke down crying and sobbing.

Okay, said Rick.  He then announced that the auction was over and
that Cynthia would be returning for next months and anyone who
wanted to stop by and say good-bye to Cynthia was certainly
welcome to do so.

A number of people began to leave, and a seemingly equal number
began to come up on the stage to Cynthia who was then trying to
cover herself with her hands.

One of the first to approach her put his leg between hers and
said he wanted to see her cunt.  Having no choice as he parted
her legs he said, his wife didn't like him looking at her pussy,
so he wanted to see hers.

And so it went, guest after guest touching and looking up close
and personal at everything Cynthia had to offer.  I finally
announced that I was leaving and Cynthia scrambled to gather what
cloths she could and asked for a ride home.

Why, she asked in the car, but I didn't answer, so we sat in
stone silence as I drove back.  About half way back, without a
word, Cynthia reaches for my cock.

Please, she began as she fumbled with my zipper.  Haven't you had
enough, I asked?  No, she replied, I need your cock and cum in my
mouth.

Really, I said.  You're the one who walked out on me, I reminded
her, now you want me?  Yes, please, she said as she continued to
try and pull my zipper down.

Stop it, I said in a stern voice and grabbed her hand from my
crotch and moved it away.  Please please I need it, I need it she
was crying.  You've sucked cock, eat pussy, been fucked any
number of times, and even had a large black cock in your ass and
you still want more, I asked?  Yes, please, I need it, she
repeated.

You should have thought about that sooner, I said as we pulled up
to where I had picked her up and stopped.  Now go home and fuck
your old man, and with that Cynthia got out of the car and left
without saying a word.

The next morning the phone rang waking me and Virginia was on the
line.  What on earth have you done, she asked without even a
hello?  I don't know what you're talking about, I said.

I received a call from Cynthia, she began, and well, it, I've, I
don't know, she said, it was unusual.  And so, you want to know
what I've done, I asked?

Yes, said Virginia.  Cynthia said you took her yesterday and she
fucked men and women and even a dog and she still hadn't enough.
She wanted to come to my house and would do anything I wanted. 
She even offered to fuck my son or daughter if I had one.  Then
she wanted me to bring her back to your house and put her on the
machine.

Wow, I said, seems like Cynthia's been set free, so are you
having her over, I asked?  No, I can't and frankly I'm afraid to
after the way she was acting, replied Virginia.

Why don't you tell her to go over to the university campus and
find a frat house, I said.  That should keep her busy, I said and
then hung up.



