"Daddy?" Jenny was finishing taking a bite of her sandwich. 

"Hmm…?" Michael had been contemplative, for awhile, not realizing he'd been staring off into the distance.

"… did I do sumthin' bad?"

"Wha--? No… nooo…" Michael shook his head, then responded. "Out of curiosity, why do you ask?"

"… we talk a lot, at the tabil... yur quiet..."

"Jen…" Michael was trying to find the right way to approach the subject of Jenny's fate in his life, her future with him

"… is Brian okay?"

"Yeah… of course he is. You heard the doctor. Brian just needs to take things easy. Don't worry about him. He's trying to make sure the ground remains under his feet today, is all. Extra cautions, make safer humans."

"… is he sleepin'?" Jenny glanced over her shoulder, she could see Brian curled up on the couch.

"Nah, don't think so. He's resting his eyes." Michael took a longer glance toward Brian than Jenny had. He knew what to watch for. Yeah, Brian appeared restful, peaceful. "I'll be going in soon to wake him up."

"… oh, why?"

" 'Cause I like poking at him, annoying him." Michael joked, not knowing if he really had to go into the discussion about waking people up every so often who had been hit in the head. "Jen..." This would be as good a time as any to broach his subject.

"… yeah,, Daddy."

"May I ask you a question?"

"… I guess."

"This is really silly, but if your mother and I gave you the chance to choose -- on your own -- would you go back to Toronto or would you stay here?" Michael was trying not to step on toes, treading lightly. He wanted to be fair to everyone. "And, sweetie… I want you to be as honest with me as you can." He grabbed for her hand. "I will always love you, no matter what choice you make."

"… well, back home -- in Toronto… there's mommy, an' Gus… an' Linds... I miss 'em like they miss me..."

Michael sat back, sensing Jenny's genuine love and care for her "family", even through the grief and battles. It was what she had as her own, for four years. Any normal person would be hurt by the slight, but Michael couldn't help feeling exactly like he and Brian had. Though they had intolerable and senselessly cruel family lives, it had been theirs, alone. "It's all right to feel that way. I understand."

"… but i's weird... when 'm home, I miss 'em too... sumtimes, I don' like yellin' an' fightin'... mommy an' linds -- mommy an' Gus -- Linds an' Gus... there's nice times too... but when i's bad, I don' like talkin' out loud... so I get quiet... I hide, in my room...”

Michael knew the longer Jenny had stayed out of her own life and the distraught environment in Toronto, the better her perspective had become. Jenny could see her emotions for what they had been and comprehend why she felt them. "I'm here, baby. You know you can tell me anything. I won't be angry." 

"… bein' wit' you an' Brian... I feel differ'n't... I don' like silence anymore, 'cuz stuffs in my head... you an' Brian don' fight... I don' see you fight like mommy an' linds... I like it here, at home... I don' wanna hide no more... I like playin' outside... an' if I live here, I wanna have some othur kids to play wit'...”

Michael felt the squeeze of Jenny's hand to reassure him. She needed him to know she loved him, beyond words. He had done everything right, made the bad into good. "Your home is here with me -- always." 

"… an' Brian?" Jenny's eyes darted toward the living room. She realized she looked too long for her father to realize how she felt. "… I didn' know who Brian wuz 'til he came an' got me... I knew Gus had a Daddy too, but never…" She shook her head. "… he's…" She lifted her teary eyes to her father's equally filled ones. "… my first real bes' frien'... he never makes me feel dum' or stoopid... 'm silly sumtimes, but we can be silly togethur... silly can be fun.... I like laughin'... I, uh--" She tried to wipe away the quickly falling tears, her father's thumbs helped out.

"He really scared you today, didn't he?"

"… yup, my heart hurt an'… my tummy felt funny."

"I was scared, too."

"… you were?... but yur brave, Daddy."

"Am I?" Michael was touched that Jenny would think that about him. "You really think so?"

"… yup, like those pretty men who save Princesses..."

"… Oh, gawd… that brave?" Michael took a huge swallow of iced tea. "I'm not sure Brian would like knowing you see him as a 'princess'." He actually liked the idea, but he didn't dare let Brian know.

"… Daddy... you know what I mean." Jenny slapped his arm lightly. A smile on her lips.

"Yeah, I do. I just--my imagination runs away with me sometimes."

Jenny took some time to think. And like she told Brian, she said the exact thing to her father. "… I wasn't scar'd for Brian 'cuz you were there... I was… wow… you were smart an' made him all better." The memory still caught her in amazement.

"Yeah… he tends to bring my 'hero' side out quite often. He's also a pretty special guy in his own right. Special to both of us, huh?"

Jenny nodded her head with a wide smile on her face. "… he makes me laugh... an's reallyreallyreally kind an' a nice frien'... he reads me my storybooks, but tells jokes an' stuff... I like it most when he tells me stories he makes up."

"Brian has 'stories'? Like fairy tale stories? Like your storybook stories?" Michael was flabbergasted to know this fact about Brian. Was Brian actually sharing stories of he and Michael… in their youth? Hmm…

"… I dunno... I guess. … he doesn' read from a book... he said they're in his head." Jenny knocked on her own forehead, like you would a door. "… jumbl'd like puzzles so no one can know anythin'..."

Michael loved that analogy for Brian. "You're gonna be one strange kid when you grow up." He knew he should regain control of the conversation before they made it all about Brian and reliving this morning. "But, though you like it here… you still miss Mommy, Lindsay and Gus?"

"… yeah, I do... 'm sorry, Daddy."

"Oh, Jen, don't be. It's really okay. See this smile…” Michael pointed tot he broad grin on his lips. “... it's because you're happy. I've always wanted what you wanted most for yourself. I'm not trying to cover up bad feelings inside."

"… I wanna stay longur... I know they miss me an' wan' me back home.” Jenny stated clearly, knowing she was right because of the phone call with her Mommy earlier in the week.

"Uhm… that's why I asked you this question." Michael knew Jenny was possibly thinking things weren't as different as they had grown into in such a short time.

"… did I say a good ans'er?"

"Sweetie, there really isn't a right or wrong answer. In truth, you never made a decision, either. You gave good arguments for both sides and you made me understand what you feel. That was the intelligent reply I was expecting from you."

"… Daddy… are mommy an' Linds okay?"

"Lindsay seems all right, I suppose. But your Mommy… that's something I don't know if we'll be able to find out. Right now, I have to say… no, she isn't."

Jenny sat stunned. "… wha's wrong?"

"Your Mommy and Lindsay have discovered that they can no longer be together. Living together in the same house."

"… 'cuz of the shoutin'?" Jenny dropped her eyes, in thought.

"Mostly."

"… an' Gus an' Linds... they okay too?" Jenny raised her head to look at her father.

"Lindsay is shocked, as she should be, but she's trying to build another home for her and Gus. Without your Mommy, it's kind of hard to do."

"… does mommy hate us, like she sumtimes says?"

Christ! Michael shut his eyes. "No, Jen. Baby, Mommy is in a very dark place right now. You remember how you felt, before you came here with Brian and me?"

"… yup... I do." Jenny crossed her arms over her chest. "… mommy feels scar'd too… like me?"

Michael nodded his head in agreement. "Sometimes she felt like that. Scared of what her life was turning into and how much she couldn't control any of it. Like… no matter how many people she's in a room with… she still feels alone. Like no matter how angry she becomes, it's followed by an intense sense of sadness. No matter how hard she screams or fights, no one is really listening or understanding her."

"… is she gonna get help… like me?"

“Yeah, but, unfortunately her complications and pain are a little more severe to handle. She might have to go away, somewhere, so other people can tend to her needs. She feels ashamed of what she's done, how she's ended up. She's a little confused about what she wants and who she is. Unsure of being able to handle other people around her, for now. She is certain of one thing, though.” Michael reached out to touch Jenny's shoulder, soothing. “I'm sure of it.”

"… oh? what?"

"You. She knows you love her, still. Even though she's made your life difficult. She loves you. Loves you enough to leave you in good hands."

"… is Linds comin' to pick me up soon?" Jenny was a little relieved to know people were taking care of her mother, because she hadn't known how to help and her mother didn't really want Jenny's help, either. And even knowing that, Jenny felt a bit of sadness.

"No. Not really."

"... where do I go, Daddy?" Jenny was a bit stunned into disquiet with her future, where she would live now.

Jenny was breaking Michael's heart. "You stay here… with me…" This was the first time he had ever said the words aloud, for his own ears to hear.

"… an' Brian?" Jenny's eyes grew wide, startled as the tears reemerged.

"Yesss, Lady Jenny… and me…" Brian's voice came out of the darkness of the living room. He had woken himself up, which was a very good sign for Michael. Brian stood next to Jenny's chair, reaching down to scrape the back of two fingers down her cheek, feeling wetness. He knelt on the floor, his face now level with Jenny. "You happy?" He raised an eyebrow in question.

Jenny tilted her face to Brian's touch. She nodded her head, shyly. "No lie?" She knew he tended to make jokes of lots of things.

"Hey… would this face lie?" Brian pointed to his face.

Jenny gave Brian a “glare”, to which he smirked.

"Okay… granted this face of mine has launched a thousand lies… not this time." Brian shook his head.

"How long?" Jenny still didn't comprehend what this meant for her life and future.

Brian glanced up at the ceiling, then back to Jenny. "How long do you feel like staying?"

Jenny wiped at her tears with both hands. "Uhm… is forever okay?"

"Oh… I don't know, Lady Jenny…" Brian growled, snatching Jenny out of her chair and holding her sideways under his arms. "... I think we can make those arrangements for her Ladyship." He made a swift turn as if he would head into the living room or maybe upstairs, with his baggage under his arm. "Okay, Michael… where shall we put her? The living room? Next to the window or fireplace?"

Michael smiled behind his hand. He was caught, speechless and breathless at the same time. The two people in front of him always did that. Just took his breath away, yet could break his heart so easily.

Jenny couldn't stop giggling, her face now going red from blood rushing to her head. "Brian…" She held onto his hip and butt. "… watch out… your head…"

Brian looked behind him. "What about it?"

"… sit down… you'll fall ah-gain…" Jenny demanded on a chuckle.

Brian sat as Jenny commanded. He flipped her around so she sat, righted on his lap. She grabbed onto the table ledge to stop the world, in front of her eyes, from spinning.

"… thank you." Jenny shook her head to clear her vision.

"Anytime, Jenny-boo." Brian pressed a quick kiss to her cheek, wiping away remnants of tears.

Jenny sat back against Brian's chest, looking at him with a signature crooked grin. She felt his radiant warmth from sleep, it drew her closer. "… you wan' me to stay?"

Brian wrapped both arms about Jenny's little body, tightly hugging her close. "Yes, I do. I reallyreallyreally do. IdoIdoIdoIdoIdo…" He was almost making a soft song of it into her ear.

"… can mommy come visit?"

"Uh… don't know.” Brian wasn't about to let Jenny see his pettiness for Melanie Marcus, since she was Jenny's mother. “I know I don't want to see her, but you can."

"Brian..." Jenny understood there was some strong feelings between Brian and her mother, often seeing it when he used to visit back home in Toronto.

"Okay… for you, Lady Jenny, I will try to be civil. I know she loves you and you love her, but she's hurt too many of the people I love."

"… you love me?" Jenny turned wide eyes on Brian, a hidden smile on her mouth.

"Yeah… why's that so hard to believe?"

"… I dunno... you don' hafta love me... but i's okay if you do."

"Oh, really… why's that?"

"… 'cuz... I love you too."

Brian had to swallow quickly or he wouldn't have been able to talk at all. "Sweet! Mutual Love. Love-a-rama. Love Fest. Love-a-palooza." He continued to kiss and tickle Jenny until she went batty with giggles and smiles. He saw how oddly Michael was looking over at him. "What? Jealous?"

"Envious. But… I can wait."

Brian read it clearly through Michael's eyes -"I have you all to myself, later tonight."- and he felt the powerful sense of dominance. "Oooo… oh, my…" He feigned fake fear.

"How do you feel?" Michael asked in all seriousness.

"Good. Refreshed. Raring to go another knockout round or two."

"You still wanna try that restaurant?"

Brian looked for a wall clock. "Why? Is it that late already? Christ!" He saw it was only a little after one o'clock. "Oh, Dear God… I'm not a fragile flower, Michael. I'll be fine by tonight. So… what do we usually do around this time?"

"… we watch TV… or videos… or play a game…" Jenny supplied the answer. "… Daddy, start'd me on some stuff for when I go to school...."

Brian was impressed and looked to Michael, nodding his approval.

Michael felt he needed to clarify. He wasn't being smothering to Jenny, like his own mother had been. "I'm only doing some light math… some words… reading a few things. Small stuff, just so it's not so scary."

"Kindergarten. Jenny… it's a humdinger of a joyride." Brian told Jenny, imparting his adult wisdom.

"Really?"

"I don't really know… I've kind of forgotten everything before I met your father." Brian winked across at Michael.

"… oh, did you meet Daddy at my age?" Jenny looked between Brian and her father.

Brian chuckled deeply, shaking his head. "No."

"Think your life would have been any better had we?" Michael raised a curious eyebrow.

"Uh… I'm not really sure. I'd hate to find out and screw it up more than I have." 

"Agreed."

The kitchen phone rang.

Michael looked at Brian. "Well… it's not you calling me." He got up from his chair to go get the wall extension.

"Obviously." Brian waited to discover who happened to be calling this early in the afternoon.

"… 'ello?" Michael paced to the fridge, fixing a magnet and piece of paper. "uh-huh… yeah… uh… wait a minute…" He covered the mouthpiece to take a look back at Brian seated at the dining room table. "It's a guy -- Enzio? Do you know--?"

"Yeah." Brian slowly rose out of the chair, depositing Jenny on the seat cushion. He moved to the living room to pick up the cordless. "Hey… Enzio!? Yeah… this is Brian Kinney. Hey… yeah…" He started to stroll away toward the front widow. "Oh… okay… do you mind telling me why?"

Jenny scooted off her seat, picking up her plate, willing to come back and get her father's dishes in a bit. She ventured into the kitchen, placing the items in the sink.

Michael hung up the phone. He took something from Jenny's hand to place back in the fridge. When he closed the door, his eyes became fixated on what he had been touching on the fridge surface. They were Brian's discharge instructions. He thought he had seen a word that stuck out to him, so he moved the magnet a little over… and his mouth hung open. No fuckin' way… a particular sentence stood out for him, and he shut his mouth and eyes. Crap… Brian would be pissed… royally pissed. He would wait for a moment of peace to break the bad news. It had been difficult enough to get Brian to go to the damn hospital. Now this…

How could they be this cruel? Not only to Brian and his very nature, but to Michael. Could he bear it? 

Brian returned to the dining room, taking the chair Michael had left and hadn't retaken. "Well… that was the Chef whose restaurant we were going to go to tonight." He handed the dishes Michael had used to Jenny.

"Yeah?" Michael solemnly walked back to take a different seat. The discharge sheet in his hand, folded in half. "… how is he?"

"Family medical emergency. He would like for me to come another night. Is that okay with you?"

"Oh, yeah… it's fine." Michael then pushed the paper toward Brian. "It's this I'm upset about."

"What?" Brian asked out of curiosity. He opened the paper to see his hospital instruction sheet. "What's--?"

Michael's finger pointed to right where he wanted Brian to look.

"OH… Hell No!!" Brian wished his chair had rollers, then he could forcefully push himself backward. So, instead he got up. "… no fuckin' way! They can x-ray me… poke me… probe me… I'll even take their medicines and let you attend to me like you're fuckin' Florence Nightingale. But I draw the line at this…" He roughly pushed the paper back for Michael to have. He stood up, prepared to leave the room. He didn't want to hear another word about it.

"Brian… don't…" Michael wasn't sure Brian could make it up the stairs, but he was definitely determined to run the full gamut of his frustrations out in his tirade. His anger was drawing him there anyway. Michael was chuckling behind his hand, his own frustration dissipating by watching Brian get irate. And looking utterly charming and adorable.

"No… Michael…" Brian came back down only to make his point. "… they can control some things, but they're not telling me where and when I can have sex with you again. I won't do it. Not gonna… won't eveh… an' not possible. So there… I'm gonna shower. I feel icky. Join me if you want. I'll be up here for awhile So don't get worried."

Michael wished he could follow, just to make sure Brian's anger wasn't genuine. He knew it wasn't. Brian would be fine. No one was going to command over Brian Kinney's bed. Michael went to help Jenny continue to clean the dining room table, the kitchen and then the dishes.

Busy work tended to take sex off Michael's mind, but it only worked for so long. 

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Michael and Jenny were playing a board game downstairs at the dining room table with Hunter. He was joining in the family festivities, then would join them for dinner, again.

Brian was upstairs, no longer perturbed about “no sex for three days”… but god… the ache it initially brought him had been overwhelming. He knew he joked about it, but it had honestly hurt. It was like someone was taking away his right to exist. Sex with Michael was… life affirming, not to mention educational and thrilling and mouth watering and… he should stop with the adjectives because he could very well hurt himself right in this wooden swivel chair.

Shortly before Hunter arrived, Michael had come upstairs to check on Brian. He had missed the shower and even missed Brian's small catnap. He did catch Brian in his office, briefcase open and files strewn over the desk and on the twin bed behind him. But Brian couldn't touch a damn thing. It was like his mind was draining. Of everything he had learned in school and college too. He just… wanted to melt into these three days and get them over with.

Michael attempted to be of some help, but Brian simply let him sit in his lap and talk away about what he was going to do about the store and the interviews. Just something to fill the time and keep Brian from going crazy. Brian didn't mind the intrusion, especially when Michael sat over his crotch and played with his hair like it needed the styling. Michael had left once Hunter arrived. He mentioned to Brian to make sure he came to some kind of middle ground in his work when supper was ready in another hour or so. Brian was left alone again.

A half-hour later, Brian was still sitting, contemplating… and spinning. Spinning helped more than anything. His client's product driving him insane. Which ways were better to serve the client, but yet… completely satisfy the consumer? His cell phone rang on the desk, but he had hooked the line up his Bluetooth ear clip. He didn't even have the strength to check his LCD screen to make sure it wasn't anybody calling to annoy him.

"Brian Kinney."

"Hey, Brian. It's me."

Dammit… too late . 

Brian sat up from his slouched position. "Hey... me... how are you today?"

Lindsay lightly chuckled, a certain dread in her voice. "Brian… stop. We need to talk. Or… I need to ask you a question."

“I thought we talked already.” Brian wondered what more needed to be discussed. “You and Gus will be flying in on Friday morning. And you will be here by late afternoon."

" We forgot one thing. " 

"Which was?" Brian knew he hadn't.

"Where will Gus and I stay? We all can't be in the loft. I know it's large and it's your home, but not for three people. If Gus were still a baby, maybe, but--"

"I'm Brian Kinney." Brian didn't mean to sound so egotistical, but sometimes Lindsay brought it out of him. “I've got it covered, Linds.”

"Oh.. well, you didn't exactly tell me." Lindsay sounded frustrated already.

"I knew where you'd be staying once we got off the phone. I thought…" Brian really wished Lindsay didn't let him assume so much of their talks, then maybe he wouldn't piss her off so much. “... since you hadn't made your own suggestions, that you were leaving it in my hands.”

"Where?"

"Michael's. There's already a bedroom for Gus… and, uh, you'll get the master bedroom."

"Michael's? Why is he--? Why?"

"Because that's where I am." Brian knew this day would come, but if he was witty enough and sarcasm oozed forth… maybe he could cover his tracks. He realized how much of this conversation he could control.

"With Jenny?"

"Yeah. She is Michael's daughter."

"Does Ben mind?"

"Don't know. Don't care." Brian could admit everything right here, but… this was too much fun. "Michael and I aren't asking Ben's opinion." There… that was enough mystery to keep Lindsay guessing.

"Wait… what? What's going on Brian? What's happened?"

"Why? What's it to you?" Brian pinched the bridge of his nose, wishing for another distraction to take him away. "Lindsay, you have a place to stay for the weekend, before you leave for your new job on Monday. Isn't that enough?"

"What's going on with the loft?"

"None of your business. It's mine… and I can do what I want with it."

"Are you selling it?" Lindsay waited, but Brian wasn't saying much of anything. He--he kind of sounded like he was angry with her. He was justified, but he usually cut her some slack. "Brian?"

"Maybe. I don't know." Brian shrugged, then realized Lindsay couldn't see him shrug through the phone.

"Where's Michael going to sleep?"

Brian really shouldn't be smiling this much, but it tickled him to say this out loud, but yet admit to nothing. "With me."

"Brian! Wha--?"

"Like I said… nun-ya-biz-ness…" Brian figured he should take all of Lindsay's calls when he was feeling this way.

"You're cranky and cryptic. Were you asleep when I called?"

"Nah, I'm working. Or at least trying to work."

"Oh, well… tell Cynthia I said 'Hi'."

Brian then looked around him, recalling that he would have been at work, but Lindsay was clueless to that reasoning. "I will when I see her."

A huge gap of silence followed.

"You have all our flight information?" Lindsay began the dying discussion.

"Yes." Brian leaned his head back on the chair.

"Did you get the directions I emailed to you?"

"Yes." Brian began to spin his chair with his feet.

"Brian..."

"Yes…" Brian had zoned out. The call was actually boring him more. What was Lindsay's point to this entire talk? "… uh, oh… sorry…"

"I know you're busy, so I'll let you go. But I wanted to say that I really appreciate what you're doing for me and your son."

Brian hated when she called Gus his "son". Like he would be something else... like a vegetable or a meat product. He sat back up, fixing his ear piece. "I know. You and I, sometime soon, are going to need to seriously sit down and talk about this situation. I'm no longer going to sit on the sidelines, got it? I'm playing in the fuckin' game this time."

Lindsay shut her eyes. This was the talk she was dreading. Facing her mistakes. "I'm sorry, Brian. We can fix this. I know it. Together, you and I can fix this problem."

"Gus… is not a problem." Brian rubbed a hand over his face. "Is this all?"

"Yeah… but I, uh… I sometimes need to hear your voice."

Blammo!! What?The Fuck? 

Brian closed his eyes, realizing he would need to nip this baby in the bud sooner rather than later. "Lindsay, I'm not--I can't--" Wow… he was actually going to hurt Lindsay's feelings and he felt bad. Kind of crappy. Not guilty, just saddened. She had brought them to this point. "I'm not going to be Melanie's replacement for you. I have my own life to live. Yes, you and I have a son, Gus… but nothing more. We're friends, that's where it's got to end. I'm not about to yo-yo emotions with you anymore."

"Brian, look… I realize how upset this has made you, but--"

"We're both adults here, let's start acting like we are. I--I have to focus on Gus now. I'm obligated to finally be a father so he knows one of his parents is cool with who he is. I can't have you hanging off me, all googly-eyed and panting after me… thinking there's going to be something more. It began and ended with Gus."

Lindsay's connection was quiet, as if she's disappeared. "I, uh… I'm speechless. This isn't usually like you. I was looking for a friendly shoulder to cry on."

"We both got one another through some tough times and we've somewhat evened the score. But this--this is bordering on an unhealthy relationship. You and I will always… always be good friends, but it's time you know there's a line you have crossed with me."

"I--I--I'm not doing well with losing Mel. For good, this time. I just don't know what I'd do if something happened between you and I. I can't lose you too."

"Lindsay, you're not. I'm here. I'm fuckin' helping you take care and raise our son properly with a loving home and a strong family life. What more do you want from me?"

"You--you sound so confident in what you want--what you want for Gus too. I can almost admire it."

"Lindsay, if I can do one good deed for you, it's to tell you this... if it was meant to be, it would be and it will be. Don't try to make something beautiful out of something really, really shitty."

"Mel and I had seven years together. We had Gus. We had a wonderful life, but then… I don't know… it all fell apart. Us trying to put us and one another back together."

"Were they all wonderful?" Brian doubted that only because he had spent a few times being Lindsays' “shoulder to cry on” prior to them marrying.

"Huh?"

"The years… were they all wonderful? Because, if my memory serves me correctly, there were some bad patches and some snags along the way. Maybe you two lasted the years you were supposed to… and that was it. Who the fuck knows." Brian rubbed at an eye, feeling sleepiness enter his body. "I can tell you… you both need a good long break from one another. And you need to find out who you are... and fucking be it, stick with it. Even if that 'it' means you're alone and so fuckin' lonely you ache from loss. Being in a bad relationship tends to show you how you've forgotten how to love the most important person in your life… yourself."

"Wow…" Lindsay's voice sounded small and soft, like she was really listening for once. "Have you started going to therapy, Brian?"

"No, I've come to a realization that I've had some good people in my life and they've taught me some worthwhile things I need to believe in. I've only just begun to utilize their teachings."

"Thank you. I know you meant every word from the bottom of, if not somewhere in, your heart." Lindsay shook her head in wonder. "Are you sure you're not in therapy?"

"Read a copy of Cosmo in the ER waiting room this morning."

"COSMO? ER? Brian… it's not Jenny, is it?"

"None of your business, but it wasn't Jenny. Glad you called. Gotta run."

"Uh, okay… g'bye, Brian. And, I mean it, thanks for the unsolicited advice. Boy… you and Michael are a pair, aren't you? You both have made some good points. Maybe I'll start listening for once."

"Just say we were right and you and Mel have been wrong like you know you want to." Brian knew that didn't sound cool, but… what the hell. "Bye, Lindsay."

"See you Friday."

"Yup." Brian rang off and proceeded to bury his head in his arms on his desktop.

That had been harder than it looked. Whew! He… well, he kind of felt refreshed. Energized. He had told Lindsay off, but in a very calming, yet nurturing Brian Kinney way. He even impressed himself. He looked at the clock and decided to close his briefcase. He would head downstairs to join in the fun before dinner.

God, man… the three days didn't look that torturous for some reason. Well… the sex could always be negotiable, because with Michael… touching fingers alone could be considered sex. 

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

"Okay… now… where were we…"

"… Rudy… he ran away…"

"That's right. He busted out of that dilapidated joint… and why?"

Both Brian and Jenny were seated on the bed, Indian style, facing one another. The book sitting between them. Brian was in dark blue striped pajama bottoms and a navy blue wife-beater; Jenny was in one of her traditional thick nightgowns that reached her ankles. Michael was laying on the other side of the bed, leafing through a pile of applications. He was matching them with the interview checklists he had been using during his meetings with the potential employees.

Jenny went on to discuss what had been leading up to the point they were at now in the book. "… he thinks his frien' -- Mr. Butterchurn…"

Brian didn't think that was the right name. "Buttworth."

Jenny giggled, because it sounded funny.

The scraping of paper-on-paper was heard, Michael clearing his throat. "It's Butterworth. Mr. Butterworth. Farmer Butterworth. Neither of you got it right."

Brian and Jenny shrugged, not really caring if the “peanut gallery” spoke up or not. They went back to their conversation.

Jenny tried her explanation again, with the correct name. "… Rudy thinks Mr. Butt-er-wor-th… was gonna kill him… skin him… an' eat him in a stew for supper."

"Right!" Brian nodded his head in agreement. "Wait! What? Really? Back up. The book… a children's book for your age group says… 'kill, skin, eat'…?" He tried to find the page where the words were printed.

Michael saw Brian's frantic parental worry. He wanted to laugh, because Brian wanting to censor a children's book seemed hilarious to him. "Brian, you would have passed the part last night."

Brian stopped looking, turning to look at Michael. "For your information, both Jenny and I were exhausted." He swiveled to face Jenny. "I know! Why don't we start this story over again." He shut the book and palmed the spine as if to slide off the mattress and run back to Jenny's bedroom to find the first book in the popular children's series.

Jenny raised a bewildered eyebrow, not sure if she agreed to that or not.

"There are sixteen books to Rudy's story, Brian.” Michael shook his head in complete doubt to Brian's calm and patience with storytelling from an actual storybook. “You're already on the tenth one."

Brian decided Michael was feeling bored or neglected… or both. He completely turned to face Michael. "Look… Mr. Rudy, The Rabbit Aficionado and Party Pooper… you may have some specific, magnificently special rulebook you follow when reading storybooks, but I--I take a free-spirited approach to my reading."

"What? If the ending sucks… move onto something else?"

"No… I'm just finding out I'd feel better reading this if I had a parental Cliff's Notes version. There's no telling what I've missed. I've been reading her these books for the past few weeks. Do you know how much energy it takes for me to care about a fictional rabbit with bi-polar and anti-social issues? Now, I'm on the tenth book and you chose to tell me that I've sucked myself into the Rudy Realm of Constant Sorrow and Bouts of Serious Depression. Tell me -- whom is this Butterchurn guy? And why does Rudy not know why he should love him yet leave him or stay and be violently abused to the point of death and being served as his next supper? Somehow I've become lost somewhere and I need something explained. Or I will kill that damn bunny myself and end his self-torturing soul--" Brian had stopped… because he heard something weird beginning right next to him. Something he hadn't ever heard before.

Jenny had begun to smile while her father and Brian's bantering had started, but now she was doubled over onto the mattress and couldn't stop laughing. She had watched Brian get riled up about Rudy… and the books… then looked at how calm and steady her father appeared, every so often paying attention to Brian's tirade. The smile on her father's face was what made her start.

Michael peered over his knees, then dropped his legs and stared. Brian stared open-mouthed, not sure what Jenny was doing or when she would stop. They were both worried until she had fallen over on the bed, onto her side… so free, joyful and stretched out on their beautiful bed. Lost in her own happiness.

"Jenny, wha-?" Michael had scooted up from his seat on the headboard. He was aligned with Brian on the bed.

Jenny shook her head. "… sorry, Daddy.... you an' Brian…" She giggled, her shoulders shaking. "… you make me so happy... I hafta laugh… an' you two are yellin' -- kinda… i's--i's--" She held her belly, then patted it to fix her nightgown's material. "… so differ'nt... I like it… an' I have it… forever, like you said.... whooo, this is fun...” Now that they were silent, Jenny was simply reacting to giddiness still in her body.

Brian had no idea how to reply. He glanced at Michael, his brow raising just as Michael's was… and they both couldn't stop grinning. Jenny was becoming a child… carefree and innocent… just being a kid. Not a little adult trapped in a child's body. She was allowed to be who she always wanted and… from her own lips… it was all due to them.

Michael was about ready to approach Jenny, but Brian had this portion covered. It also gave him a good in to telling her about Gus. He placed a gentle hand on Michael's forearm, squeezing. Michael covered Brian's hand, squeezing in kind.

"Say, Lady Jenny…" Brian moved about to stretch along with Jenny. His elbow bent to hold up his head. "… tell me, was it worth it? Breaking out of Toronto and coming here?"

Jenny looked up at the design of the canopy above the bed. She liked it. Simple yet… interesting. "… I love it here.... an' the house..." Her head turned toward her father. "… Daddy…" Then her eyes shifted to Brian's face, hovering nearby. "… you… the store an' being able to help out… Gran'ma's Diner… all the people you an' Daddy know… Ted, Em… I like Hun'er… he's cool... I dunno... I wuz tir'd of bein' sad..."

Brian reached out his free hand to touch a fingertip, tenderly, to Jenny's arm. "May I ask you something?"

"… uh-huh... what?" Jenny decided she would lay like Brian, facing him.

"It's Gus."

"Is he okay?" Jenny's brow wrinkled since she now knew about the problems with her Mommy and Lindsay.

"With everything that's going on with your Mom and Lindsay… Gus is going to need some help."

"… help from me?" Jenny put her free palm on her tiny chest. No adults had ever asked her for her help. Ever.

Michael drew up behind Brian, relaxing on top of Brian's hip. He simply watched the discussion between Brian and Jenny in amazement.

"Help… from you… from me and your father. From all of us."

"Oh..." That made much more sense. Gus always treated her all right, like a pain-in-the-butt younger sibling, so she had kept her distance. But then some days, he could be very kind. She just couldn't tell when that would happen. "… is he gonna be okay... wit' mommy not there?"

"I think so. He felt like you did, before you came here. I hope he'll get better. He got into some trouble while you've been gone."

"Really?" Jenny knew probably how too. "… wit' the boys he wuz hangin' wit'?"

"You've seen them before?" Brian moved to lay on his stomach, drawing his arms up and crossing them to lay his head on, like a pillow. This caused Michael to move too. He straightened out his legs, aligning with Brian and relaxing fully at Brian's back.

"… yup, but Gus didn' bring 'em into the house... he always follows rules..."

"House rules?" Brian lifted his head as Jenny's head slowly nodded. "... shit..." He was continuing to find out what was really going on and being blown away constantly.

"… they were okay, but... mommy got upset a lot if they didn' get done or not follow'd the way she lik'd..."

"Angry? Angry enough to hurt?"

"Hurt?" Jenny furrowed her brow.

"Did your Mom use any kind of physical force to make Gus listen?"

"No…" Jenny shook her head, but then she really didn't know what Brian was asking. "… I don' think so." She saw how worried Brian had become. She sat up, drawing over to him. She began to pet his forearm. "… he's okay, Brian... I know it." She sat back, her thoughts wandering. "… is Gus comin' here, wit' Linds?"

"Gus will be living here with us. Not for long. Until Lindsay finishes her new job and finds a more permanent job and home for them. Once she does, she'll come back and take Gus with her."

"… does Gus need a bedroom?... 'cuz I have one."

Brian chuckled, shaking his head. She was so like her father. "I know you do, Lady Jenny… but that's your room."

Michael snickered. "I'm not sure Gus likes pink, sweetie."

Brian nodded his head, but grabbed for Jenny's hand. "I feel better knowing you'd give up your room for your brother… even if he is Gus."

Jenny smiled. "… he's yur son, right?"

"Yeah?"

"… an' yur my Daddy's guy, right?"

"Yeah… unfortunately for him, I am." Brian felt the soft spank to his buttcheek. “Ow...”

"… an' 'm Daddy's girl?" This time, Jenny looked directly at her father.

"Yeah… always…" Michael nudged Brian under him. "Don't forget Brian's girl too."

Jenny nodded her head in agreement, then went on. "… an' Gus an' I share mommies… m mommy an' his mommy were together…"

"Yes, Lady Jenny…" Brian knew Jenny was leading up to some type of conclusion through her tiny brilliant mind.

"… an' if tha's all... then ev'ryone's fam'ly... Gus's fam'ly... he can stay."

Brian didn't know what to say. In Jenny's childlike mind, she had figured everything out on her own. He was pretty choked up by her sentiment. I love Brian, I love Brian's son... he's good people. "You rock my world, Jenny-boo." He leaned over to snag her close.

Jenny looked down at Brian. "… I'll rock yours back."

"Oh! You will, will you?!?!" Brian brought out his hands, scrunching his fingers like an attacking tickle monster. "Comin'… to… get… you…"

“No! Brian…! I'm nice! Don't tick--!”

Too late. 

Brian removed himself slowly from under Michael and snatched Jenny's foot, dragging her across the mattress. She was reaching out for her father's hand, while laughing. "You're mine. I've got you." He picked her up, throwing her over his shoulder like a sack of flour. "I shall come back, Cap'n Mikey… Argh… and I shall discover your fabulous booty, Argh…"

For some reason, Brian's tickle monster voice had a penchant for changing tones. Tonight was a pirate's voice, while yesterday had been some Eastern European scientist. Who knew who he would be tomorrow.

Unpredictable… and completely lovable. Yeah… Michael's guy…

~~TBC...