He comes to Ellen when she’s breathless with laughter, just having begged off another dance with Cal Rimmer, who’s making quite the nuisance of himself. Man’s chasing after her like she isn’t old enough to be his damned mother, like he shouldn’t be sniffing in Jo’s direction instead. Jo isn’t helping, either, laughing behind her hand whenever Ellen finds herself besieged.

Christ, she’s too old to be starting over again. Too long in the tooth to give the man the family he obviously wants, even if she is tempted by his smiles and his courteous, flattering talk. Even if she is watching with a shade of bitter jealousy as Cal tugs Deirdra King into the warm glow of the torches when Sam appears unexpectedly at her side.

She thinks it’s Sam, anyway. It’s difficult to tell the difference between him and the Other with the flickering light of the torches making the planes of his face foreign and strange. Fire seems to catch in those gold eyes of his and burns there, a living thing. It dances through his dark hair, shifting as the breeze blows the first, faint touches of autumn past them.

He looks like the god some folk are already calling him.

Ellen cranes her neck, looking for Dean—the Winchesters haven’t been more than a few feet from each other since the final, victorious battle they’re celebrating now, but there’s no sign of him. Doesn’t mean he isn’t there, though, lingering just beyond the fringe of the light and holding himself statue-still in the darkness. She’s been caught unawares often enough, and that was before what that damn fool Joey Ward’s been calling the Ascension.

Not that Ellen can come up with another word to describe that moment when a hot wind swept the battlefield. Ain’t a term invented for the golden flare that lit up the sky before settling beneath Dean’s bloodied skin.

As she pushes away memories of the violent, unsteady emotions that shook her in that moment, Ellen can’t decide if the electric tension that comes with suspecting Dean’s presence is worse than actually seeing what he’s become these days. Thank God he’s been as skittish with most folks as they’ve been with him.

If skittish is the word for how most folks feel about the Winchesters after the show they put on at Gehenna Ridge.

When she turns back, Sam is looking at her—Sam, it’s definitely Sam and not the Other sharing space inside him—and Ellen knows immediately from the expression on his face what he’s come to tell her.

“You’re leaving,” she says, unable to keep the complicated mix of emotions—relief, sorrow, guilt, anger—from her voice.

“War’s over,” Sam answers. His own voice is still scratchy and rough, although there’s nothing but a thick line of scar tissue across his throat to mark the gaping wound that Ellen was sure would end him. He doesn’t sound as scratchy or rough as he did this morning, though, and she has the uncanny feeling that within a few days’ time—a week, at most—no one would be able to tell he’d even been hurt. That ridge of scar tissue is going to fade right back into his skin like it wasn’t ever there in the first place.

She thinks of Dean again (one touch, just a brush of his hand) and can’t quite resist a shiver.

“Lilith’s gone,” Sam adds, like Ellen didn’t see that for herself. Like she didn’t watch with horrified, breathless awe as Dean turned from Sam’s still, pale form and dealt that death blow at Gehenna.

“That don’t mean you shouldn’t stay,” she argues, careful to keep her words quiet even if her tone is hot with reproof. Sam waited to approach until she was away from the crowd and on her own for a reason, after all. If he’d wanted this discussion public, he’d have spoken up earlier, during Bobby’s post-victory speech. “There’s work to be done here. It’s a new world, Sam. Old government’s gone for good, what people’ve seen, and they’re gonna need—”

“What, kings? Gods?” Sam interrupts, and Ellen can’t help shifting uneasily at the reminder of her own earlier thoughts. There’s a knowing glint in his eyes, a humorous twist to his mouth as he shakes his head. “You don’t need that. What you need is to stand on your own feet.”

“Winter’s coming on,” Ellen replies, taking a different tack even though there’s a part of her whispering frantically that she should just let this happen. Much as it shames her to think it, she’d sleep easier at night without knowing Dean was so close. “Folk need someone to unite behind, get ‘em all marching in the same direction.”

“Sure they do,” Sam agrees, but he’s regarding her with too much weight to his gaze, and she jerks as she understands what he means.

“Me?”

“Why not you?”

“Because… well, because, all right?” There’s too much of a humoring, superior edge to Sam’s smile—a cat’s expression if Ellen ever saw one—and she frowns, snapping, “We need you two. Lilith’s gone, sure, but that don’t mean there aren’t demons out there looking to take her place. Or werewolves, or ghosts, or all manner of dark thing that’s been stirred up by this damned war.”

“So train your people. You’ve got enough veterans on hand to take care of what’s needed short term. Long term, new recruits will learn to take up the slack.”

“You two are worth a hundred of us.” It’s a conservative estimate, but good enough for Ellen’s purposes here. “And what Dean could do—”

“He’s done enough,” Sam cuts in. The abrupt ice in his tone freezes the breath in Ellen’s throat and she takes a single, jerky step backward—instinctive fear rushing through her, stirred to life by the predator’s hostile eyes regarding her from Sam’s face. Almost immediately, she catches herself, and the shame that follows on her fear’s heels has nothing to do with her rabbitish response and everything to do with her demands.

Sam’s right. Dean has given enough. More than enough, really.

“I’m sorry,” she apologizes. “That was thoughtless of me.” As the threat of violence in Sam’s eyes and posture eases, Ellen draws a hand through her hair and lets out a shaky breath. “It’s just going to take some getting used to, not being able to rely on you boys.”

Sam actually smiles again at that—because, Ellen thinks, she and Bobby and Bonnie are the only ones who still refer to them that way, who even really remember that they used to be human beneath all of that strange, wonderful power—and the expression gives her enough courage to repeat, “Stay. Not to do anything, just. You’ve got friends here, Sam. Family.”

“I know,” Sam says, sobering. “But I’ve got family out there, too.”

He nods towards the darkness and this time, when Ellen follows his nod, she seems a glimmer of movement.

“Dean,” she says, the name slipping out before she can catch it behind her teeth.

Might be whispers from some calling Sam a god, but she’s heard more than whispers about his brother. She’s seen enough herself to have her own doubts about just how much of the boy she remembers is still in there. Christ, she hates how uncomfortable that makes her. How her insides prickle and thrill at the mere possibility of him.

“He wants to say goodbye,” Sam tells her, and Ellen’s first impulse is to call out for help. Her second is to run, as though she’d ever make it as far as the field they’re using as a dance floor.

Casting one final look at Jo’s laughing face—her baby girl clapping along to the music and belting out bawdy lyrics with the other hunters sharing her bench—Ellen lets Sam grip her arm. He leads her away from the joyous celebration—soldier and hunter and civilian alike crying out their thanks to the universe, grateful to be alive still, here on the other side of the End Days. He leads her out of the light and into the shadows.

It doesn’t take long for her eyes to adjust enough to make out Dean’s form. Sam’s brother is moving with a wolf’s restless wariness just a few steps outside of the wood’s edge. Ready to disappear inside at a moment’s notice if need be.

As though he has anything to fear, except, perhaps, himself.

From the anxiety Dean is radiating, Ellen doubts that it was his idea to say goodbye. He doesn’t run as they draw close to him, though. Doesn’t look at her, either, stilling warily with his face turned away and his body poised on the edge of flight. As though he couldn’t burn her to ash and bone with a touch.

He isn’t what she expected, John’s eldest. Never is.

Dean’s obvious apprehension softens the sharpest edges of Ellen’s fear, and she manages a smile. “Hey, Dean.”

“Ellen,” Dean replies without looking at her.

Ellen hasn’t heard his voice since Gehenna—not since that final, enraged scream of pain he gave in the moment before (ascension) the sky lit itself on fire. It’s just a whisper now, the barest push of breath past his lips, but there’s power in it all the same, ancient and terrible, and Ellen’s knees buckle with the force of it. Her own breath punches out from her body and her head spins as she flushes hot and cold, muscles trembling. The grass feels sharp and cold against her right palm.

It’s been a while since she’s lain with a man, but that’s the closest Ellen can come to describing the sensation in her head.

“Jesus,” she pants, trying to ground herself.

There’s a rustle of movement to her left and then Sam is crouched in front of her, rubbing the back of her neck gently with one hand.

“Sorry,” he apologizes. “I should have warned you.”

“Is that,” she gasps, and then has to stop and gather her scattered wits before asking, “What is that?”

“Odin’s Breath,” Sam answers, which doesn’t tell her anything at all. Or maybe it does, at that.

“Is it…” She can’t ask. Maybe doesn’t want to.

But Sam answers her anyway.

“It’s not permanent. It just takes a while to wear off.”

Ellen’s not sure if she’s relieved by that or saddened, but either way she lifts her head and looks for Dean again, filled with the indescribably painful yearning to see, to bask in his presence. It’s a dangerous feeling, and one that makes her glad they’ve decided to go.

As he is now, Dean could tell folk to walk themselves right into the ocean and they’d do it, every last one. They’d go into the dark, suffocating water and be glad to obey.

But, for now, he isn’t anywhere to be seen—gone off into the woods, perhaps, or just melted into the night—and Ellen’s body gives an involuntary, mourning shiver as she drops her head again.

“How is he?” she asks, unable to look Sam in the eyes for the question. “Really?”

Ellen has seen him off and on over the last two days, of course—mostly off, and mostly she’s been thankful for that—but this is the closest she’s been since he kissed her cheek in apology and ran his fool self off to the devil’s doorstep, and that was months ago. Feels like years. She isn’t exactly in a position to assess him.

Sam’s hand on her neck stills and, for a long moment, he’s silent. Then he says, “It comes and goes. When he’s like this, it’s… I don’t even know how to reach him. I can’t imagine what it’s like. He—Ellen, he sees everything, hears everything. It’s like he’s operating on a different plane than everyone else.”

“Sounds about business as usual for you two to me,” Ellen mutters, although she gets what he’s trying to say.

Sam huffs a shaky laugh and then says, “Last night, I caught him standing outside in the middle of the camp and staring up at the sky. Naked. He said the stars were singing to him. When I woke up this morning, he was gone again. I found him in the middle of the river. The water was flowing around him, Ellen. He wasn’t—didn’t have a drop on him when he walked out. I asked him what he thought he was doing, and he said he couldn’t hear the Earth over the water, so he asked it to move.”

Jesus, Ellen thinks. The thought of the river, of the things Dean could do with that sort of power, is too much for her poor, human mind to handle and she focuses instead on the thought of him standing in the midst of all of the tents in nothing but his birthday suit. She’s grateful Sam found his brother before anyone else stumbled outside to answer nature’s call. Can’t even begin to imagine the riot of needy worship that would have resulted otherwise.

Sam’s voice trembles as he continues, “But he doesn’t—he doesn’t hurt when he’s like this. It’s like he knows what happened, but it can’t touch him.”

He falls silent then, and Ellen doesn’t ask what the other times are like—those moments when Odin’s Breath loosens its grip and leaves Dean something closer to mortal and earthbound. She doesn’t ask because she knows some of what he’s been through, and even that little is enough to make her chest ache and her eyes water.

“You boys shouldn’t be alone,” she whispers, reaching up a hand and lightly touching Sam’s face. It breaks her heart to think of them out in the wide, war-torn world together. Striding past abandoned, broken cities. Running through vacant wilderness. “Stay. You’ve have done so much for us. Let us do just a little for you.”

The muscles of Sam’s face move against her palm, and when she lifts her eyes, she finds him smiling.

“We won’t be alone,” he says, and for an instant it isn’t him looking at her. It’s something else, something more. Then the Other is gone and Sam is back, his golden eyes shadowed and aching, but warmed by something else—something deep and strong that Ellen can tell runs through his entire being.

Faith.

“And we’ll be back,” Sam adds. “When Dean’s ready.”

It’s a promise Ellen doesn’t want to repeat but knows she will. When folks notice the Winchesters’ absence, she’ll call a meeting and tell them about this moment—this vow. And she knows that it’ll change in the telling, taking on some sort of mystical dimension for those left behind. Those waiting here on the edge of a strange, new world.

Sam helps her stand then, lifting her and holding her hands with a gentle smile that almost makes her forget the way he looked when he was ripping demons apart in an effort to get to Dean’s side. There’s a rustle of grass and a warm body presses up against her from behind. Hands slide into place over her stomach before shifting—one lifting to cover her heart, the other dipping lower to rest against her abdomen.

Ellen stiffens, her heart pounding hummingbird fast in her chest and her eyes wide on Sam’s face. She can smell something—something wild and free and strong—as Dean’s cheek—rough with stubble but otherwise unmarred: his right, then—rubs against hers.

“Goodbye.”

Dean’s farewell runs through Ellen’s blood like heat lightning, and on her gasp there’s a second, stronger wave that steals her voice and closes her throat completely. Colors and light flare in her eyes as her muscles thrum, alternately tensing and releasing and leaving her at the mercy of Dean’s hold because Sam has stepped away, watching from somewhere on the other side of a supernova.

When the world calms again some time later (or maybe it’s only been a few moments, Ellen has no way of knowing), Dean carefully lays her down on the grass. He kneels beside her, brushing her hair back from her face. The field of stars rising behind him seems to spin, but Ellen is too focused on his face to pay much attention to them.

She hasn’t gotten a good look at him since the battle, not so close and frank as this. Couldn’t really get a good look then. Couldn’t stand to look. But she stares openly now, head spinning and thoughts distant, as though she’s been hypnotized.

Even in the darkness, Ellen can tell that the furrows running through Dean’s left cheek and brow are white and closed instead of pink and raw. His right eye glitters golden. When last she saw him on the battlefield, there was nothing but an angry, empty socket where his left eye should have been. In the camp, these last few days, he’s been hiding the wound with a patch some of the younger folk are already imitating.

But the patch is gone now, and instead of an empty socket, Ellen finds herself staring into an eye as black as the sky above. An eye that possesses its own distant, glittering field of stars.

It’s breathtaking, such unexpected beauty amidst a scarred ruin, but Ellen understands that this won’t last either. The strangeness of Dean’s new eye will fade with the power—the thing Sam called Odin’s Breath. And as it fades, Dean will heal just as completely as his brother. He’ll stand on this ground in ten year’s time, or twenty, and he’ll look just the same as he did when he and Sam strolled into the middle of a tactics meeting at her bar all those years ago and upset the damned applecart all to hell.

Graceful and unscarred. Confident. Uncaring of the bristling guns and knives that untrusting hunters pointed his way.

Dean smiles at her, and Ellen’s head whirls. Her skin prickles with aftershocks. She wants to demand to know what he just did, and what gave him the goddamned right, but there’s nothing human in either of his eyes. Nothing reachable.

It isn’t Dean she’s looking at right now. Not really. She might as well try yelling at the sun.

She blinks and Dean is gone—quick as that. No warning, no sound of his passage through the ground cover of last year’s leaves. Sam is by her side a moment later, helping Ellen sit up with an apologetic expression. She notes that he isn’t actually apologizing, though, and there’s something in his attitude that says he knew this was going to happen when he urged her over here.

“Sunna bitch,” she manages through lips that feel clumsy and numb. “Wha’d do t’me?”

“Dean sees two boys and a girl, in case you’re wondering,” Sam says instead of answering, and then immediately adds, “You don’t have to do anything with it if you don’t want to, of course, and you don’t need to decide now. You’ve got a good thirty years before you need to figure out if you want to do anything about it, I’d say. Maybe forty.”

Something about the way he’s looking at her clicks in her ringing head and Ellen reaches up to brush her face with tingling fingertips. It feels unfamiliar, smooth and soft like it hasn’t been since she was a baby herself, no older than Jo is now, and the wondering, icy shudder that races through her this time has nothing to do with the lingering effects of Dean’s touch.

“Oh my god,” she whispers, stomach swooping. She looks down at her hands—firm skin, unlined; even the damned scar she gave herself when she nicked her thumb with a knife at thirty-four is gone—and says it again, louder. “Oh my god.”

“He wanted to thank you,” Sam says. “For taking care of me.”

There’s more than a trace of rueful embarrassment in his expression now, and Ellen can tell that’s a message he wishes he didn’t have to pass on. But now that her shock is starting to wear off a little, she understands Dean’s gratitude, even if she’s still grappling with the form it’s taken. It took everything she had to keep Sam sane and whole during those months Dean spent himself as a distraction. Those long, torturous weeks he folded himself up nice and close by Lilith’s side and waited for his moment to strike.

Months they all thought him dead.

But she wasn’t the only one who kept Sam in one piece, kept him from killing himself through grief.

“Bobby?” she checks. “Bonnie?”

“Slowly recovering,” Sam admits. “It, uh. It takes a little getting used to, apparently, but you should be well enough to call a meeting in the morning. Bobby will know what to say.”

He’s not quite meeting her eyes, though, and Ellen realizes with a jolt that Sam didn’t just allow this because he felt they were in her debt.

“You son of a bitch,” she says, speaking with more ease now. “You set us up.”

“Someone has to lead, Ellen,” he replies unapologetically. “You said it yourself. Call me a cynic if you want, but I wanted a little assurance it’d be the people who should be in charge.”

“I ain’t playing high priestess to you two.”

Sam grins at that, the expression reminding her strongly of the tiny boy she first met years ago, when she was… well, when she was older than she is now, feels like.

Oh Christ, there’ll be no fending Cal off at all now that all of her excuses have been stripped away.

“Talk to Bobby and Bonnie,” Sam advises. “You’ll be fine.”

Ellen wants to berate him a little more—she can see the practicality in what he and his brother are doing, but that doesn’t mean she’s thrilled to have been shoved forward as one of the chosen few—but Sam is looking over his shoulder now, tense and alert as though listening to an inaudible call. Inaudible to mortal ears, that is.

When he looks back at her, his expression is set and already miles distant.

Instead of wasting her breath on grumbled accusations he won’t hear, Ellen says, “You take care of each other.”

“Of course.”

“And come back as soon as you can,” she adds.

Sam smiles without answering that demand, although she supposes his expression is answer enough. And his promise.

“Fare you well, Ellenmotherqueen.”

That isn’t Sam speaking, Ellen knows from the deeper register of his voice, but it’s Sam who kisses her lightly on the forehead before rising and loping away into the dark. She stares after them for a long while, listening to the celebration behind her and readjusting to the new feel of her body.

Gods, folks are starting to whisper amongst themselves, and after tomorrow, they won’t just be whispering it.

After tonight, Ellen isn’t all that sure they’ll be wrong.