My CoWorkers Steal My Clothes
by Officelady1

MY COWORKERS STEAL MY CLOTHES CH. 01

I'm trapped outside the office with nothing on...

Literotica Dare: Walk around the entire office building once...completely naked except for a butt plug.

This one was going to be tricky. My office building is rather large, it takes up an entire block, as it's occupied by several different companies on each floor. I was only going to have my lunch break to do it, as I had a dinner date with my husband that night.

I stood at our third floor office window and looked down, trying to gauge the route.

The best bet was to go down to the first floor and exit the main hallway out the back. I could stash my clothes behind the dumpster and then walk around the building towards the main street first. If I stayed low no one would see me out the windows and there was a fence on the other side. Then the front of the building would be tough...my best option was to sprint across the front as fast as I could and as low as I could.

It would not be dignified or sexy. But the front was all parking, so just cars. I'd be going a bit into the lunch rush so hopefully everyone would have left to go grab food by the time I'm going around the front. Then the far side would be the most difficult, as there was another office building there. Then I'd be back at where I started and could get dressed.

I shifted my feet as I looked out the window, already feeling a little too full with the small princess plug in my ass.

"I have a question for you." A voice said.

I turned around and Cassie stood there, arms crossed. In my office of 80 people, Cassie was one of 6 women. She never really seemed to like me, even though we were friendly enough. I had the job promotion she probably thought she deserved, even though I started two years before her -- and I always thought that was the reason.

"Hey Cass, what's up?" I said, ready to walk away.

"What's Literotica?" She asked.

I froze.

"What?" I asked.

"Literotica. You left the page up on your computer. Officelady1. It's like a sex page?"

A million answers flashed through my brain. She smirked.

"Busted, huh?" She stepped closer. "You know, I kind of admire that. The adventurous woman. I looked it up -- saw your stories. Are those real?"

I didn't know what to say. My heart was in my throat.

"I liked the one where you got naked after work and almost got caught by the janitor. I bet you would have made his night."

My mouth opened and closed. I was doing my best fish impression.

"Anyways, I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable, but I support you fully. I think women should be more liberated and comfortable. That's really cool of you. Your secret is safe with me, but maybe be more careful next time." Cassie said.

She turned and walked back to her desk. I practically ran to my computer. To my dismay, my Literotica profile was still up. Somehow I just left it up, as I checked it for story comments. I deserved that. But she had been very cool about the whole thing and I actually appreciated that.

A few hours later it was lunch. As people headed to their cars or the kitchen I waited a few minutes, then headed towards the door. I saw Cassie talking to Brad, both of them watching me with a small smile as I left and I smiled back.

It didn't hit me until later that if Cassie had read my stories, I actually had named Brad in one of them. That was a mistake.

I headed down to the ground floor.

Stepping out into the sunlight I quickly walked behind the dumpster, checking around the corner for any people. No one. Coast was clear.

In one move I pulled my dress up, over my head, folding it neatly and hiding it behind the dumpster. I hadn't been wearing anything under the dress. I reached back and put pressure on the butt plug. I was already dripping wet. I kicked off my flats.

Time to go. Phone in hand, I started moving.

The pavement was hot under my feet and the heavy humidity made me start sweating immediately. I felt decidedly un-sexy running like this. Very insecure about all the jiggling.

I stayed low and quickly headed to the corner, easily making it to the far end. I peeked around the next corner - the lot was wide open. Just a few cars in the lot. They all looked empty. I stayed low and ran across the front of my office building. The sheer insanity of what I was doing hit me like a bag of bricks. If I got caught...I pushed that thought from my mind and kept moving.

I came around the last corner and kept going -- it was already almost over. I was breathing heavily and was dripping both sweat and dripping between my thighs. I reached the last corner and looked around again. Coast was clear.

Too easy.

Scampering to the dumpster I reached around for my dress. It wasn't there.

Panic gripped me. I reached deeper. Nothing. It was gone. I quickly looked inside the dumpster. Only trash. It was actually gone. My dress was gone.

I was standing there completely naked.

My phone buzzed.

Cassie was calling. I answered.

"Hey, you left something behind the dumpster but we have it in the office for you" She said.

I heard Brad laughing in the background.

I was in trouble.

"Hide in the dumpster, there's people coming." Cassie ordered.

I looked straight up. There on the third floor stood Cassie and Brad looking down on me. They waved.

Then I heard the voices behind me. Without thinking I climbed up and over into the dumpster, laying on a pile of black bags that reeked of garbage cooking in the sun. The voices came right up to the dumpster. I stayed completely still as a bag of Arby's was tossed in, landing on my stomach. Then the voices went inside.

I put the phone back to my ear.

"Let's figure out what happens next, shall we?"

I was in HUGE trouble.


MY COWORKERS STEAL MY CLOTHES CH. 02

My coworkers make a deal with me.

I was lying in a dumpster behind my office, completely naked, while my coworkers were on the phone with me.

Not my finest moment.

"Please bring my clothes back down, this isn't funny." I begged Cassie.

"What you're doing at your place of work isn't funny. Could you imagine what Mr. Lubiak would say if he knew you were running around his office butt naked?" Cassie said with a laugh. "First off, is it true that you're wearing a butt plug?"

I kept my mouth shut.

"Look, I can just go back to work..." Cassie started.

"Yes!" I blurted out. "I have a butt plug in."

"Very naughty...and Brad wants to know how big your husband is?" Cassie asked.

"What? Why!" I said, shifting in the garbage. It was so hot outside I was sweating profusely.

"Alright, I have some emails to send if you aren't going to cooperate."

Click.

Cassie hung up.

My heart sank. I immediately called her back. I breathed a sigh of relief when she answered.

"Last chance." Cassie sang.

"He's three and a half inches." I said.

"Like...soft?" she asked.

"No. Hard."

There was a long silence. Then she burst into laughter. "When you posed for Brad's art class, did you like it?"

"Yes." I answered. Earlier at my time in the company Brad had started a Boozy Photography class and his model dropped out last minute. I agreed to help out and model for him, not realizing he was going to invite a bunch of people from work until after I got dressed again.

They called me Sasquatch around the office for a few weeks after that. Luckily most of them had moved on to other companies, but Brad was still here.

We never talked about that night.

"Okay so you're going to do a few things for us and we'll give your clothes back. Understood?" Cassie said.

"Yes." I said, a bad feeling in my gut.

"First off, get out of the dumpster and walk out to where we can see you." Cassie ordered.

I slowly climbed up and looked around. The coast was clear. I climbed out of the dumpster. Slowly, I walked further from the building. Up on the 3rd floor I saw Cassie and Brad still looking down at me.

"Check your phone." Cassie said.

I saw a text come through. There was a photo of me, butt naked, standing there looking up at them.

"So just follow my directions and we won't have problems. You know, you were always so full of yourself just because you've been here longer. You aren't really that great. The guys here think you're stuck up. This...how you currently are...this is what you deserve." Cassie said. "Turn around and spread your ass."

Her words hurt. A lot. It hurt more to turn around and bend over for her, reaching back with one hand to spread myself.

"Now, go inside to the elevators. Come up to the third floor and go into the men's bathroom. Handicap stall. We'll meet you in there." Cassie said.

"Are you insane? I'm going to get caught!" I whispered.

"This is your last chance. I'm not picking up again. See you there in five minutes. Don't keep us waiting."

I had no choice. I quickly ran to the back door and peered through the window into the hallway. It was empty.

I had two options, either I go up the stairwell or risk the much busier elevator. Just then the elevator opened and two guys walked out, heading towards the front entrance. That decided it.

I slowly opened the door, creeping into the hallway. The floor was cold on my feet as I darted to the stairwell and opened the door. I quickly started up.

Out of breath, I made it to the third floor. I peeked through the window. I saw Joe and Andy from my office waiting for the elevator. I couldn't go out. Suddenly the door on the floor above me burst open.

Survival instinct kicked in and I quickly raced back down the stairs to the first floor. I spun around the bottom stairs and quickly ducked underneath the stairwell. The person behind me was only a few seconds behind me as they walked out the door, unaware of me hiding right behind them.

I breathed a sigh of relief and went back up again. The third floor was open now. I had to be careful. I needed to cross the elevator bank to make it to the bathroom. I crept out, the AC giving me goosebumps.

Quickly I ran down the hall, past the elevator banks and down the hall to the bathrooms. I slowly opened the men's bathroom and peeked inside. Clear.

"Excuse me." I heard a man's voice down the hall.

I jumped out of my skin, running into the men's bathroom. I ran to the handicap stall and jumped inside, locking the door behind me. My heart was exploding in my chest.

The bathroom door opened.

I watched a pair of feet walk directly in front of my stall. They stopped.

Knock knock.

"Let me in."

I recognized the voice. It was Brad.

My hand shaking, I reached over and unlocked the door. It swung open to reveal his smiling face. He looked up and down my naked body before stepping in and closing the door behind him.

"So Cassie has turned this project over to me. Is your husband really only 3.5 inches big?"

I nodded slowly, my hands trying, but failing, to cover my breasts and pussy.

"Put your hands down." Brad ordered. His voice was sharp.

I dropped them.

"Haven't shaved all these years later have you?" He asked. I started to talk, but he interrupted me.

"I love a woman who knows her place. You can act in charge and bossy...but deep down I think we all know exactly who you are. And if you're husband isn't doing the job for you...well... I can. Turn around."

I turned.

"Ever since you helped me with my photography class I've visualized you naked, over and over again."

He grabbed my hands and put them up on the wall. His foot tapped my feet out wide. His big hand gently pushed down on my back, bending me over.

SLAP!

"I wish you had volunteered again."

Searing pain exploded on my ass as he spanked me. I moaned in surprise.

SLAP!

The other cheek.

"Please, someone might hear..." I said, not proud of how much it was whimper.

SLAP!

"Don't talk back."

SLAP!

His finger traced between my pussy lips, my knees buckling.

"I think you like this." He said, observing the wetness. "Do you?"

"Yes." I said softly.

"Yes, what?" Brad asked.

"Yes Sir." I said.

"This will be fun. Your whole life is about to change for the better. Starting tomorrow, shave your bush off. I want you bald. Then you're going to go onto Literotica and post a picture of yourself naked and tell all those men you lost a bet. Maybe give them a close up of your holes too. Then, I'll be in touch with what's next. Is that understood?

"Yes...Sir." I responded.

SLAP!

I cried out as he slapped me again.

"You will become a regular at my photography class, starting Thursday after work. I have a male/female series I want to do. The exploration of sexuality and conception. You'll help me with that won't you?"

"Yes Sir." I said.

SLAP.

"Are you on birth control?" he asked.

"No Sir" I responded.

SLAP.

"Good to know. Your dress is on the door. See you back in the office."

He left.

I stood there for a long moment before quickly getting dressed. I crept back out into the hallway and made my way back to my desk. Cassie was waiting for me.

"Just wanted to say, this is actually my last week. I got offered your position at another company last month, but I am so thankful to have this experience before I go. Brad will take very good care of you, I'm sure. Maybe he'll bring you by my company...have fun girl." She smiled sweetly and walked back to her desk.

I gingerly sat down, my ass stinging.

I tried to process all of the emotions running through my mind...only to find my fingers drifting under my desk. I couldn't help myself.

It was going to be a long day.


MY COWORKERS STEAL MY CLOTHES CH. 03

I pose naked for my coworker’s class.

"See you at 7:30p tonight for the photography class. Come a little early."

This was the text I received from my coworker Brad. I was being blackmailed into helping his Boozy Photos class that he taught after work. It was a class where people drank and learned photography skills, shooting models in a slightly more explicit setting. And I was the model tonight.

I had been caught streaking around my work building and Brad, with the help of a jealous coworker, found my literotica page. So I was his fun toy in the immediate future.

I had a knot in my stomach at work all day. Brad passed by my desk a few times, a smile on his face. I knew deep down I could probably get out of this...but I weirdly found myself not wanting too. Waves of guilt would come and go.

I texted my husband I would be working late on a project tonight and at 7p I went to the bathroom to clean up. I had shaved my pussy finally, much to my husband's excitement, but we hadn't been intimate since he got back from the trip. I can admit I had been distracted...

I pulled up to the photography studio ten minutes early. A lot of cars already filled the lot. I headed inside and Brad was standing there with a huge smile on his face.

"This is going to be such a great class" he said loudly. He escorted me into the small changing room. There were racks of lingerie on the wall. "So this is an intimate session, you'll be posing without clothing so you can skip all of that, but..."

He rummaged through a box and pulled out a Mardi Gras mask that covered my nose to my forehead. It had large feathers sticking out from the top.

"You can wear this if you want...I would recommend it."

I gingerly took the mask.

"So how does this work?" I asked.

"You take everything off, there's a robe on the rack. I'll come grab you when we're ready, which will be in five minutes, and you'll come out and drop your robe. You and the other model will do various poses that I'll walk you through, while I take photos and then my students will try some photos. Should take about an hour. Three poses total." He said, walking to the door.

"Wait, other model?" I asked.

"Yes, you'll be posing with a male model. Don't worry, it's someone you're familiar with. The series is called power dynamic...it'll make sense when you're out there. You're in good hands, don't worry. Come out in two minutes." With that he opened the door and stepped out.

My brain did not fully processed everything he just said, but my shaking hands quickly undid my top. I folded it and set it on the chair. Bra unclipped next. I dropped my skirt and quickly stepped out of my thong. I turned and looked at myself in the floor length mirror.

This was happening. My heart was racing. From the other room I could hear Brad gathering everyone.

I slipped the cotton robe on and put the mask over my head. All that was visible was my mouth under the loud plumage of the mask. It was pretty discrete. I took a deep breath.

I stepped out into the main room.

The room was pitch black other then the lights pointing at a small circular stage in the center of the room. The place was packed, a sea of dark faces and people.

The other model was already standing on the stage. Even with the mask on I knew who it was. Joe. Joe worked in accounting at my office. We didn't know each other that well.

Joe is about 6'0 tall and weighs somewhere around 300 pounds. He's a massive man who gets out of breath walking down to our office to complain about how our reports are turned in. And I was about to pose with him naked.

"Ah, here's our other model." I heard Brad say. A sea of shadowed faces turned towards me. I quickly walked up to the stage and stood next to Joe.

Brad stepped forward.

"Welcome everyone to the next installment of Boozy Photography. I hope everyone has a drink in hand and creativity in the mind. This is going to be an hour long class with 20 minutes of sharing at the end. I do want to mention that today will be an intimate, explicit figure photography class with a male and female model. This is a beautiful, human concept we are capturing and we had these two models reach out last week to volunteer. They know each other, this is safe and consensual. We will be doing a power dynamic exploration between a man and a woman. I will call out poses and we'll pass the three cameras around for everyone to have a chance. Once all those interested are done, we'll move to a new pose."

I couldn't tell who anyone was in the crowd but the energy in the room was quiet.

"Please disrobe." Brad said. His voice sounded far away. The rustling behind me meant Joe had dropped his robe.

Automatically my hands untied the robe. I took a deep breath, then let the robe fall back from me. The AC was playfully cold in the room as I stood in front of dozens of strangers.

The energy in the room completely changed, it became electric.

Turning slowly, I took in Joe's body. Standing this close to him, it seemed like he towered over my 5'0 self. My eyes trailed down to his rather thick cock dangled between his thighs. He was much, much thicker then my husband. And he was still soft. I saw it twitch as he looked my body up and down as well.

He had to know who I was. The masks didn't hide that much up close. Plus I knew who he was immediately.

"Let's begin the first position" Brad said.

He had me place my hands on Joe's chest, stepping close to him. My fingers buried in his chest hair. He stared down at my chest. It was so...odd...feeling the skin of another man. It had been eight years since I had done that last.

"Please look into each other's eyes." Brad finished up.

We locked eyes, which somehow made me feel weak in the knees.

"The first stage of the power dynamic, is discovery. That initial realization that something is there. The spark. The light. The fire. But maybe things hold you back from going further - hurdles in your own life. Relationships, work, even friendship. Try to find that connection in your photos," Brad said, stepping back into the shadows.

Everyone started taking photos, the cameras clicking all around us. I could barely focus. Joe's heart beat quickly under my hands. He was starting to sweat.

"I always wanted to hang out outside of work." Joe whispered.

Well, he immediately knew who I was.

I slowly nodded my head, trying hard to maintain the eye contact. He stepped closer to me. I was very mindful of his cock right by my stomach.

"Well, I'm glad it's you. You look incredible. And the fact that you're helping Brad is so generous of you."

Nodding again, my voice refused to work.

He stepped even closer. His cock pressed into my stomach, his scent washing over me. I still gazed up at his face, unable to move.

After 20 minutes it was time for a new position.

Brad stepped up with a chair and let it on the stage.

"The next step is the first action. After playing cat and mouse, both people in the dynamic admit they want it to go further...the submissive one in the dynamic sending unconscious symbols and messages the Dom can't ignore. It's the step right before taking the plunge. It's still filled with uncomfortable moments, awkwardness and ultimately, desire." Brad motioned for me to kneel on the chair, my knees settling in on the cushion.

My breasts hung over the chair and my ass faced Brad and Joe.

"Spread your legs as much as you can." Brad whispered. I did so.

I could feel everything open for the men, and the crowd, behind me. From this position I could just make out the faces of the strangers in front of me, watching.

Joe stepped up behind me. His hands went on my hips. My body shivered. He stepped closer. His cock slowly settled between my ass cheeks. Soft, but feeling bigger.

"Feel free to move around and come closer if needed." Brad said from far off.

I could feel Joe's cock growing slightly behind me. From his view he was looking down at both my holes. There was no hiding it. And his body was responding.

"We capture things as we see them and as is the truth" Brad said. "You'll look for the subtle and not subtle movements. His hardness, her wetness, but also, how her body is relaxing into his control. Almost like relief."

I tried to ignore what he was saying.

I could feel the wetness on my thighs and more importantly, his now hard cock. It was no longer hanging between my ass cheeks. The tip was pushing into my ass cheek.

"Beautiful detail of their faces, you really captured the passion here, even with masks on." I heard Brad say to someone.

Suddenly Brad was there. "Drop to your elbows, arch your back...move your hips" he dropped me down to my elbows, his hand pushing me slightly.

Suddenly, Joe's cock was pressing directly into my pussy. If I pushed back at all, the head of his cock would enter me.

Brad walked back into the constant clicking of cameras. I could feel Joe's tension behind me, his hands gripping my hips tightly. He pushed forward slightly, the pressure on my pussy growing.

I could say no. I could stop him. But my mouth didn't want to work.

He pushed more.

The head of his cock entered me.

I shuddered and his hands gripped my hips tighter, slowly pulling me back towards him. My pussy stretched as he pulled and I felt full. He was big. He kept going deeper and deeper.

He was certainly a grower.

Finally his belly touched my ass. He was fully inside me. Another man was fully inside me. My coworker was inside me. My rather obese coworker to boot...the humiliation of that thought coursed through my body, turning me on more. A low moan escaped my mouth. I tried to stop it but couldn't. Joe slowly started thrusting into me. He was about to start picking up speed.

"That's time. New pose" Brad called out. For a second, I didn't think Joe would do it. Then he did. I felt weirdly empty as he pulled out and stepped back.

I found myself out of breath.

"The final chapter of the power dynamic - complete submission. After the tease, or in this case more then a tease, we have the full giving over of the self." Brad strolled up onto the stage, the crowd laughing at the tease comment.

Brad took my hand and helped me stand up. He then had Joe sit in the chair. I finally got a look at his cock and I was surprised. While thick, it wasn't the longest cock id seen, but still was very impressive.

Brad whispered in my ear, "Go sit on his lap."

I moved automatically, stepping up towards him. I straddled his lap, mindful of the penis sticking straight up between my legs. I wrapped my arms around his neck. He was sweaty, a heavy musk felt intoxicating. I looked directly into his eyes. The cameras started clicking again.

Fuck it.

I raised myself up, positioned myself over his cock, and slowly dropped down onto his dick.

There was a moment of resistance as his cock pushed into my tightness, then I relaxed and slowly, very slowly, slid down his cock until he was fully imbedded inside me.

"Are you both comfortable to hold that position?" Brad asked.

I nodded. Joe started to pulse his hips, bucking me into holding him even tighter, my boobs pressing into his chest. He was fucking me. I was getting fucked. In front of all these people.

I could feel my legs shaking as I slowly grinded into his lap.

His finger slipped into my mouth and I sucked it for a moment. Then he reached around behind me and pressed his finger against my asshole. He pushed hard and it slowly penetrated me. I groaned and started to speed up as both my holes were filled.

My whole body started to shake. The cameras kept clicking. I could feel an orgasm building throughout my body. I rode him faster.

All the eyes on me. The cameras. The humiliation.

It happened.

The orgasm hit like lightning. I closed my eyes and let it take me. Everything went dark as pure ecstasy coursed through me.

Then it was over. The only sound was me catching my breath and the camera clicking. I looked down and saw Joe's lap was soaked. I squirted so hard his cock fell out. His mouth hung open.

"I'm...so sorry..." I whispered.

His mouth turned into a smile.

"Thank you both for sharing this beautiful experience with us" Brad said, stepping back onto the stage, a massive shit eating grin on his face. "That concludes tonight's class. Please return the cameras to me and we'll see you all next week. Let's have a round of applause for our models."

Everyone clapped and started moving around.

Brad handed the robes to us, as I gingerly climbed off Joe's lap. I put the robe around me as the house lights started to come up and I quickly darted back to the dressing room, closing the door and letting out a sigh of relief.

Knock knock.

"Hey it's me." It was Joe.

I quickly opened the door.

"Can I come in?" He asked. I nodded and opened the door wider.

He went to the far wall and leaned against it. He still had his mask on.

"Did I go too far?" He asked.

"Not at all." I responded. "I went too far if anything."

"Don't you have a husband?" He asked.

I looked down at my finger. I didn't even realize my wedding ring was still on.

"Not to pry, Brad told me you weren't telling him."

"No...he doesn't know." I answered.

"Um...how did I make you cum like that?" He sat down. "I'm not usually what you would consider "talented". Are you into humiliation? The big fat guy fucking you, the woman he doesn't stand a chance with?"

I knew I should have said something nice here...but I responded with, "yes."

He stood up quickly.

"Do you like that your employee, your fat, sweaty employee, just took your pussy in front of all those people?" He took a step closer.

"Yes." I whispered.

He took another step as my back pressed against the wall.

"Drop the robe and get on your knees slut." He ordered.

I dropped the robe quickly and dropped to my knees.

He pulled his robe open to reveal his hard cock, still glistening from my pussy.

"Open."

My mouth opened. His cock pushed in past my lips. His hand went on my head and I started sucking.

The whole time he verbally degraded me.

Finally, a few minutes later, his cock pulsed and he deposited his seed inside my mouth. It just kept coming and coming.

"Swallow it." He ordered.

I took a long pause, trying to muscle past the salty taste and finally, painfully, swallowed it.

"Show me." He said.

I opened my mouth.

"You like the abuse don't you?" Joe asked.

I nodded.

"Good. Well, see you at work." He slipped his robe back on and strolled out of the room, leaving me there on my knees. Before the door closed fully a hand caught it.

Brad walked in with a smile on his face.

"My my my, you have certainly not disappointed." he offered his hand and helped me stand up.

My brain was buzzing like I was high. Any shame was immediately gone.

He turned the camera around to show me the photo one of the students took.

There I was, crouched above Joe's cock, completely naked, mid squirt. It was incredibly erotic.

"These all go to my private collection. I got all the SD cards back. So your experience here is safe. You were very popular for the class. See you tomorrow at work...oh, and don't wear panties anymore to the office. It'll make things easier."

I nodded.

He put a hand under my chin and looked me in the eye. Then he turned me around, bent me over, and spanked me hard. One time.

Then he was gone.

I slowly got dressed and by the time I walked out, almost everyone was gone. A few students lingered and smiled at me as I passed by. I waved and ducked out the front door.

My brain was flying at a million miles per hour trying to process everything that just happened.

Time to go home.

My husband was in bed when I came in. I quietly snuck into the bathroom and undressed, getting ready to quickly brush my teeth and shower when my husband stepped in sleepily and hugged me tight.

Before I could stop him his mouth locked onto mine and he kissed me deeply. He scrunched his nose up but didn't say anything, sleepily saying he loved me as he shuffled back into bed.

I sat in the shower and let the water wash everything away for a very long time.
