Enf Vicky
by Tricky ricky

Vicky was very popular at school, she was 16 had blonde hair, green eyes. Vicky wasn’t great looking but good looking enough to be desirable. She had A cup breasts a small waist, and small thighs. Vicky bought D cup bras and filled them, although she was 16 she was a very late bloomer, she hadn’t had her first period, she had no boobs, no pubic hair, and the doctors said it was because she was so small, she was 5 foot 6 inches tall and skinny as a rake.

It was the end of the school day. Vicky and her friends walked across the grassy field towards the playground in the middle. The field was part of a massive park. The playground had a big 7 foot tall fence around it. At the top we’re spikes but horizontal bars made it easy to climb.

“Come on Vicky, stop being such a baby, and climb the fence.” Said Dave, Vicky’s crush.

“I’m not a baby.” Spat back Vicky.

“She’s such a chicken she won’t do it.” Said Hannah her best mate.

There were five of them by the fence. Three girls and two boys, they were all watching the fence goading Vicky to climb it. Vicky moved closer to the fence and started to climb. The other four watched intently as Vicky climbed. Vicky got to the spikes at the top and threw her leg over. She then carefully lifted her other leg over but her trainers slipped on the wet metal, causing her to slip.

Vicky’s shirt caught on the spikes, Vicky slid downward until her feet were a few feet from the ground, she spun round in circles as she fell and her jumper and bra also caught on the spikes. Vicky’s jumper, shirt and bra, lifted up, over her head, and tied her hands together above her head.

Vicky just dangled there held by her jumper shirt and bra, she was now completely topless and her friends were staring at her small naked breasts.

“Please stop staring and help me down.” Said Vicky embarrassed and red.

She struggled to get her hands free but all it did was tie her up more. She started to cry with embarrassment.

“Wow, where have your breasts gone?” Asked Charlie.

“Oh, didn’t you know, she’s always been undeveloped, you can clearly see she has no pubic hair either.” Said Louise.

“Shut up Lou, GET ME DOWN.” Shouted a flustered and embarrassed Vicky.

“Sorry Vicky but it’s true, here boys, if you don’t believe me Take a look at this.” Said Louise who walked over to where Vicky was dangling. Before anyone could say or do anything, Louise reached up to Vicky’s waist, and pulled Vicky’s panties and trousers off Vicky’s legs, over Vicky’s shoes and dropped them on the ground.

Vicky was now completely naked, dangling in front of her crush and her friends. She shot bright red, as everyone started laughing.

“Hannah give me a hand quickly hold her left leg still.” Said Louise as she grabbed Vicky’s right leg and pulled it away from Vicky’s left.

Hannah helped Louise and within seconds Vicky was spread for everyone to see her.

Dave and Glenn stared in amazement.

“Look I bet her clitoris has never been touched by another’s hand.” Said Hannah.

“Her what? What’s a CLI TAURUS?” Asked Dave.

“Not Cli Taurus, her Clitoris. It’s her Urm Sweet spot. Look this is it, (she pointed to Vicky’s clit.) and if you manipulate it like this. (She stroked Vicky’s clit. Vicky contorted half in pleasure half in resistance.) she goes crazy.” Said Louise.

“Wow, show is again.” Said Dave.

“No stop hmm,” Said Vicky feeling Louise’s second stroke.

The girls giggled as they took it in turns to stroke Vicky’s clitoris.

Vicky struggled trying to get free before Glenn picked up her trousers and took out Vicky’s phone. He went onto her Facebook account and started a live stream. The girls continued to stroke Vicky till she climaxed and cum ran down her legs.

Vicky was crying heavily in embarrassment, as she came back to her senses. The boys had posted their location and people had started to turn up to see the naked girl.

When Vicky managed to open her eyes she saw hundreds of boys and girls staring at her and taking her picture. She couldn’t do anything but dangle there and cry.

Louise and Hannah tied Vicky’s legs to the fence still in her spread out position for all to see.

She cried for days after her eventual release on Sunday.


