Title: Daddy's Little Gymnast Ch. 01




Summary: Audra's injury leads to a lot more than it should.  




Keywords: inc,fic,hot,father,daughter




Doug watched as the young girl spun around on the uneven bars, concentration scrawled on her face, muscles straining with the effort of keeping to her routine. She paused at the top of her circuit, spread her legs into splits and then spun down again, releasing her hold on the bar. She flew across to the lower bar and caught it, spinning again. Seemingly only seconds later she was somersaulting through the air before landing on her feet. Her knees remained bent as she confirmed her balance and then she thrust her arms skyward, grinning at her success.

Doug didn't really notice the smile. His eyes were drawn to the way in which her leotard clung to her tiny frame as she reached to the sky. The material seemed to be almost like liquid skin, shiny, tight and leaving very little to his over active imagination. He did applaud though, joining in the rest of the arena's appreciation of her work. 

As he turned his attention to the balance beam he smiled, thinking that there were upsides to having a daughter in competitive gymnastics. Initially it had only been his wife that had gone along. When Audra was younger he'd simply had no interest. After the divorce though, he'd been forced to attend. He hadn't enjoyed it.

Then Audra had hit college. Suddenly he realised that there was something to this gymnastics thing after all! The long hours sitting at competitions, training, driving all over the country, injuries and tears all became worthwhile when Audra won. When she wasn't winning, he consoled himself with the fact that those hours were now made bearable by the continuous sight of attractive, athletic girls contorting their bodies into positions that often left him wincing in imagined pain and imagining things he shouldn't. With his wife having left the scene and abandoned them both to live overseas, he spent more time there than most fathers. He was a lot less reluctant these days.

Audra looked over to where the girl had just finished on the uneven bars. Unfortunately it had been almost faultless. Audra knew it meant she couldn't afford a single misstep on the beam. If she was to win, she had to nail this performance. She didn't wait to see the score come up, not wanting the additional pressure of knowing exactly how good she would have to perform. 

She slapped her competition smile on, raised her right arm to signal her intent to start and turned to face the beam, the smile quickly replaced with a look of intense concentration.

Doug watched as Audra dashed quickly toward the beam, muscular legs pumping and her short blonde ponytail bobbing along behind her. She hit the springboard, flipped and landed on the narrow wooden apparatus with an audible thud. Doug exhaled quickly after the successful landing. He quickly gasped a breath as she began the rest of the routine. He was unlikely to take another until she finished. He found his fingers crossed and almost every fibre of his being tense as he watched her progression through each element.

Doug gasped along with the rest of the crowd as Audra's foot slipped in a landing. Her arms windmilled and she quickly thrust her leg out lateral to the beam, desperate to avoid the penalties of a complete fall. He sighed as she managed it, but knew he was in for a rough ride home. There was no way she would win after that fault and that meant she'd be sulky for days. His relief when she finished the last elements would only be short lived.

The fear of her mood was replaced with concern. After indicating that she'd completed her routine to the judges, her stalking departure from the competition floor was marred by a slight limp.

"Well I fucked that up!" Audra declared when she met her father after the competition. She'd been so pissed off when she'd finished that she hadn't even bothered showering. She'd thrown her leotard in her bag, ripped off the skin coloured thong she had to wear under it and just dragged her leggings on without bothering with underwear.

"Here, let me take your bag," Doug offered, knowing from long experience that there was virtually nothing that he could say to improve the situation. Even the fact that she'd managed to hang on to second place wasn't worth mentioning. That would simply be salt in the wound.

"Thanks," Audra muttered, climbing into the front seat of the SUV.

The ride home was quiet. Audra didn't want to talk and Doug didn't want to set her off. He couldn't go all the way without asking her how she was though.

"I couldn't help but notice that you limped off today, are you ok?" he asked her.

Audra sighed. It was a double-edged sword that her father was a physiotherapist. On the positive side she received a lot of free treatment that other girls would have to pay for, but on the down side, her father always seemed to spot when she'd picked up a minor injury. For a gymnast, injury was a part of life. Audra couldn't remember the last time that she'd gone into a competition without some part of her body strapped in some way. She knew girls that had pain killing injections before competing and girls that took risks when medical advice had told them not to compete, but for her, she couldn't get away with it. Her father always told her that her career would be longer and more successful if she followed his advice. She knew it was true too. But that didn't mean that she didn't sometimes just want to get out there and beat everyone regardless of the injury she was carrying.

"I'm fine," she told him, staring intently forward.

"We'll check it out when we get home," Doug offered.

"Fine," she said flatly, knowing from the same long experience that her father had that it was something he wouldn't let go. He was like a dog with a bone when it came to her injuries.

~~~~~~~

"Ok, so where does it hurt?" Doug asked Audra later that night.

"Right here," she said, indicating her right groin, close to her crotch.

"Ok," Doug said a little nervously, "Why don't you lie down for me and we'll see how bad it is."

Audra sighed, climbing onto the massage table that her father kept in the spare room. 

"Um, you'll have to take those off," her father told her, indicating the leggings she was wearing.

"Crap, let me quickly change then," Audra said, blushing.

"Ok," Doug replied. 

As Audra disappeared from the room, Doug was left to ponder, his thoughts going in directions they shouldn't. 

"What had she been wearing that she wasn't prepared for him to see?" He wondered, "Was it a case of simply being something skimpy or was she going commando?"

Audra's return startled him from his reverie. She walked in and climbed onto the table, moving a little gingerly as she raised her small frame from the floor. Doug watched closely, trying to keep his gaze professional, despite the pink cotton bikini panties clinging to her tight little 18 year old gymnast's bum. Audra rolled onto her back, looking up at her father, hands resting on her stomach.

"Right, lift your leg for me," Doug instructed her.

Audra raised her right leg until it was pointed toward the ceiling, toes pointed through sheer habit. Her father placed his left hand on her calf to guide her movements. He took her through a series of positions, his right hand resting on her inner thigh, feeling the movement of the sore muscle.

Audra closed her eyes as her father took her through the movements. His hand was warm. It was a gentle touch. It was definitely one of the advantages of her father being her physio. She never had to worry about his hands straying anywhere they shouldn't. 

"Which is lucky," she thought, "Given how close it is to my pussy."

She wasn't even sure what had put the thought in her mind. Her eyes snapped open to see her father eyes glued to her crotch, just glaring at it!

"No, wait, he's just looking at my groin, at where the injury is," she realised, almost giggling to herself.

She found though that having let her mind drift there, she couldn't seem to drag it away.

"What would I do if Dad's fingers brushed my pussy?" she mused.

She looked appraisingly at her father. He was good looking. As far as older men went, he was no George Clooney, but then again, he was far from ugly. He was also fit. Between the healthy eating that Audra insisted on for her gymnastics and his own awareness due to his profession, he'd always looked after himself. Her thoughts were also influenced by past conversations with her crazy friend Misty who had rated her father as the only dad she'd fuck out of their friendship group after they'd all watched American Beauty one night.

"Ouch!" Audra exclaimed as her father stretched her just a bit too far.

"Sorry Audra," Doug replied, looking at her leg in concern. 

Doug probed gently at his daughter's leg, trying to isolate the exact location of the pain. He was conscious of just how close his fingers were getting to the seam of her panties and kept having to drag his eyes away from the crotch. Curiosity kept dragging them back though, especially because he kept finding himself wondering how much trimming or shaving she did. The material seemed very tight against her skin and he hadn't noticed any sign of hair.

"Here?" he asked, poking gently

"A bit lower," Audra mumbled.

Doug's fingers were almost touching her panties and he swallowed nervously, running his gaze back up toward Audra's face to try and distract himself. She was wearing a tight but short white t-shirt that clung to her toned frame and left her belly exposed. The distraction didn't really work. Between her taut stomach and the fact that her nipples were poking against the t-shirt, he was shot before he got as far as her face. When he did meet her gaze, he found himself inexplicably blushing and quickly looked away.

Audra saw her father's eyes pause ever so slightly when they reached her breasts. She knew her nipples were tight. They had been ever since she'd started thinking about him touching her. She knew it shouldn't be something that excited her, but for some inexplicable reason, she was finding the thought exactly that. She hadn't bothered with a bra. With A cup breasts she rarely bothered around home. Besides, she'd been thinking that it was her legs that were going to be looked at, not the rest of her. Normally when she'd come home from a competition she'd take some time to masturbate in the shower. There was something about the whole competition thing that seemed to amp her up. Tonight she'd been too pissed off about coming second to get around to it. The lack of relief seemed to be heightening all sorts of things.

"Right there!" Audra said, surprised to find her voice a little husky as her father's fingers found the location of the injury.

Doug stopped his hand, surprised by the way her voice seemed to catch as he touched her.

"Here?" he asked, touching her again, noticing that she was reacting differently than to what he'd expect from just the injury.

"Yeah, that spot right there," she said.

Doug picked up the bottle of oil that he had nearby and rubbed some onto his hands. He automatically started going through the same steps that he'd use with any other patient. He had Audra lie with her knee bent and cocked sideways and he started massaging her groin with firm but gently directed strokes. His eyes were transfixed by the sight of her flesh dimpling beneath his fingertips he kneaded her supple young flesh. 

Audra closed her eyes. She always enjoyed the part of the treatment where her father massaged her. She often took advantage of having him around, claiming that her shoulders were sore, or complained that her calves were tight so that he'd sit and knead them while they watched television together. This time though, she found her thoughts going all sorts of places they shouldn't and her body reacted. She knew her pussy was responding and she could feel a dampness beginning in her panties. The realisation didn't help to stem her thoughts though.

Doug stared, his fingers working all around the site of the injury. Without even meaning to, he brushed them against the edge of her panties. There was no reason to consider it erotic, the tip of his finger simply brushed against the seam of pink cotton, but his cock stiffened immediately. 

Doug quickly looked to Audra's face, knowing that he must be as red as a beetroot from the response. Fortunately she had her eyes closed. He looked back to her panties, unable to resist checking them out. He suppressed a gasp when he noticed the beginnings of a damp patch right in the centre of the crotch. It did nothing to relieve the growing pressure in his pants but fueled the thoughts that her voice catching had started wandering about his mind.

Audra opened her eyes and looked back up over her father's body. She knew that he had a few dates here and there, but for some reason they never seemed to convert to relationships. She wondered if he was getting any sort of sex. Her gaze drifted down and she had to suppress a gasp of her own when she saw clear and solid evidence of her father's erection.

"How's that?" Doug asked her.

"Um, I think it needs a bit longer," Audra replied automatically.

She always asked for longer. The massage was the best bit after all.

Doug swallowed and continued. He knew he shouldn't be thinking about sneaking his finger under her panties, but it was the only thing that was going through his mind. 

Audra kept flicking her gaze from her father to his crotch. She found herself moving her hand from her belly, laying it alongside her on the table, inching closer and closer to him. 

"What would he do if I touched it?" she wondered.

"What would she do if I touched her?" Doug wondered for the umpteenth time.

Coincidence? Maybe. Audra felt her father's fingers working right in the joint of her leg and crotch. His oily fingers slid over her skin and slid just beneath the fabric of her panties, just starting to touch the smooth skin close to her shaved pussy lip.

Audra's hand brushed against his hard cock at the same time, applying ever so subtle pressure.

They both jumped at the same time.

"Sorry!" they blurted at each other at the same time.

They stared at one another, unsure as to what to say. 

Audra felt a tingling in her belly. It was wrong, but she was suddenly very sure of what she wanted. She reached out and slowly closed her hand around her father's cock, feeling the bulge within his pants.

"Audra ..." he stuttered.

"Shh," she replied, her hand starting to stroke him slowly.

Doug looked down at his daughter's hand slowly working back and forth on his pants. He looked down across her athletic, tight young body. Her nipples thrust at the material of her t-shirt. The wet spot on the crotch of her panties had grown and her short, but muscular legs were spread wide. He said nothing. He simply watched, his oily hand resting on her inner thigh. 

Audra worked her father's zipper down. She undid his belt and then pulled his pants so that his cock sprung free, his pants and boxers dragged to his knees in one rough movement. She seized it in her hand, stroking harder, holding her father tight. His pants fell the rest of the way to the floor.

"Audra, no," me managed this time.

"Yes Dad, I need it. I want you," she said, placing her free hand on his. She dragged it down so that his fingers touched her wet crotch.

Doug moaned. He could feel the dampness of the cotton. His cock ached for release. It had been a long time since he'd been with a woman and here was Audra, telling him she wanted him.

As he watched, she rubbed his hand against her, pushing him harder. He could feel her pussy beneath the cotton; feel the way the panties pushed between her lips. He gasped, eyes transfixed as he watched. All the while, Audra stroked his cock with her hand.

Audra felt her father's fingers begin to move of their own accord, stroking the panties against her willing pussy. As he watched, she quickly pulled them to one side, exposing her shaved mound and pussy lips. His fingers paused and she looked him in the eye and smiled. Moments later she felt them ever so gently brush against her bare skin. She quickly let go of her father's cock and slipped her panties off, drawing them down her leg, breaking her father's contact. 

Doug stared. There it was, the answer to his question. Audra's pussy was as bare of hair as the day she was born. It was perfect and for a long moment all he could think was how lucky he was to see it. Her outer lips were puffy. They were obviously in a state of excitement, parting with her spread legs to reveal the thin inner lips glistening with moisture.

Audra saw Doug's eyes flick up over her tits and smiled at him.

"You want to see them too Daddy?" She asked, quickly sitting up and whipping off her top. "There's really not a lot to see."

Doug swallowed hard as Audra casually discarded her top. He looked over her now naked body. Her breasts were indeed small. He knew they were A cups. With no-ne else living with them, he did enough laundry to know. He took in every detail of her breasts, delighting in their revelation. The nipples were quite large for a small breast. They were pale pink and the areolae were puffy, standing out a little from the rest of the flesh, which was almost flat against her chest as she lay back down again. The centre of the nipple was hard and stiff and he wanted desperately to suck it.

"They're beautiful," he said quietly.

"So is your cock Daddy," Audra answered him.

She grabbed it and pulled him so that he had to take a step. She quickly wiggled down the massage table and brought her mouth in line with it. In one swift movement she slid her mouth down over the swollen head of her father's cock, taking it between her lips and feeling it glide across her tongue.

Doug gasped as his cock disappeared into Audra's mouth and reached for her breast, disappointed that he'd lost contact with her pussy but making the most of the situation. He felt the firm young flesh move over her ribs and watched the rippling of her incredibly cut stomach as her head moved as she worked her mouth up and down his cock. He pulled gently at her nipple, then harder as he heard her moan around his shaft. 

Audra felt her Dad pull her nipple and couldn't help but release a moan, clamping her lips down on him and drawing them slowly back up his shaft. Then his fingers were moving, fluttering lightly down over her stomach to her pussy. She sighed as she felt them start to explore, brushing across her lips, down then up. She twisted her body, keeping his cock in her mouth as he reached for her pussy. The movement repeated and she moaned when he didn't slip one between them. Her knees were well spread, her legs almost flat on the massage table. She found herself clenching her butt cheeks and thrusting her pussy at her Dad's fingers, desperately seeking his touch between her lips.

Doug stared at Audra's pussy again, memorising the fine detail of her bald lips, the little wrinkles on the otherwise smooth flesh, the little dark mole just to the side of her right labia. He trailed a finger up along her slit, feeling her juice and dragging it up toward her hooded clit. He felt Audra thrusting and rubbed his finger firmly over her clit, hearing her gasp at the contact. His finger slid back down and he eased it between her lips, feeling his way inside. 

Audra moaned louder as her father's finger delved between her lips. She swirled her tongue around the head of his cock, teasing it, catching it between her lips and pulling at it before plunging back down its length. She felt a second finger working its way in alongside the first and cupped her Dad's balls with her hand as she sucked him. She pulled on his sack, pulling his testicles away from his body as they tried to draw up with his pleasure. The deeper his fingers went the more she pulled on them and the harder she sucked.

As much fun as she was having, Audra wanted more.

"Fuck me Dad, I want your cock in my pussy!"

"Audra ..."

"Just do it Dad, don't think, just put this gorgeous fucking cock in my cunt. I'm not a virgin by any stretch."

Audra released her father's cock and sat up, sitting on the edge, spinning to capture him between her thighs. She wrapped her legs around him quickly and pulled him to her, her feet against his bare bum.

Doug was surprised by the strength of Audra's legs. He shouldn't have been after what he'd watched her do over the years, but actually feeling them pulling him toward her was something else. His cock was trapped up against her, the height of the table just perfect. No matter what she said though, he couldn't bring himself to aim his cock at her pussy and slide it inside. 

Audra took care of it for him. She grabbed his cock, rubbed the head on her slick slit and then pulled with her feet against his butt, drawing him forward and driving his cock into her pussy. It didn't immediately sink all the way in, but once the ice was broken, Doug couldn't help but thrust. He kicked off his pants so that they wouldn't distract him and thrust hard again.

Doug found that Audra's pussy was delightfully tight, just like every other part of her body. He worked his stiff cock deeper and deeper inside her vice-like grip. He pulled his shirt off over his head, throwing it aside.

"God that feels so fucking good Dad," Audra gasped as she felt him start to thrust in and out, his pace building. She raked her nails down through the hair on his chest as his cock drove home again and again.

Doug didn't want to cum, but the whole experience had him so turned on that he soon found himself on the brink of orgasm despite his desire.

"Are you on the pill?" he gasped.

"No!" Audra replied, looking worried.

Doug thrust home and pushed Audra back down on the massage table, laying her out before him. He grabbed her hips and started to thrust wildly, his balls slapping against her pussy. At the critical moment, he pulled his cock from her pussy and exploded, his cum shooting from his cock to arc down and splatter against Audra's belly. His second spurt went further, hitting her on the left breast whilst the remainder fell to her belly and onto her bald mound.

Audra grinned at her father as he exploded. She ran a finger through the warm cum on her belly. As he watched, she brought the finger to her lips and licked it, tasting his cum. She laughed when his eyes bugged open, his jaw dropping as if he'd never seen anything like it in his life.

"That was awesome Daddy, are you going to make me cum now?" she asked him.

Doug looked at his cum splattered daughter and smiled.

"It would only seem fair," he replied.

"Eat me Daddy," she told him, pulling her knees up to her chest and then spreading her legs wide again.

"Careful for that groin," Doug advised her with a smile, flicking his gaze from her eyes to her proffered pussy.

Audra grinned. Doug knelt beside the massage table and ran his tongue along Audra's thigh, dragging it along a teasing, slow path toward her pussy. He took his time, using his fingers as well as his tongue as he closed on his target. His fingers caressed her lips as he breathed in the aroma of her excited pussy and then he used them to part her lips. He delicately ran his tongue up the middle of her slit, taking his first taste. His tongue trailed up to her clit and swirled slowly around the little bud. Audra purred in response to the contact as he continued to flick the tip of his tongue back and forth across it.

Audra pulled at her nipples as her father began slowly exploring her pussy with his tongue. He was taking his time and she loved the slowly building pleasure. She'd been a little disappointed at how quickly he'd cum, but she felt he was redeeming himself now. Each caress of his tongue was slow and deliberate. The speed and pressure of each lick seemed to be delivered with perfect consideration to maximise her pleasure. They boys that she'd slept with previously had been rushed and rough with their tongues, seeming to have no real interest in her pleasure, only licking her like they were satisfying check list of things to do before they satisfied their own pleasures. 

She felt her father's finger slip deep into her pussy as his tongue worked lightly back and forth and around her clit. She could feel her juices seeping from between her lips and running down her bum crack. If she'd been alone, she would have swirled her finger around her tight little butt hole, maybe even have slipped it inside, but she wasn't sure how her father would react if she asked him to do it.

Her father's tongue pressed harder against her clit and worked more determinedly than before, his finger joined by a second 

sliding in and out of her pussy. Audra's breathing became more ragged, coming in gasps and pants and Doug knew that he could quickly bring her to orgasm. He wanted to make it special though. He wanted her to know how skilled he was, so he backed off the pressure on her clit and let his fingers slip from her pussy. He heard Audra moan in frustration as he then ran his tongue down and thrust it inside her, wiggling and teasing. He took a few moments to observe her, resting his tongue, teasing her with his fingers again. He could see her juices seeping down from her pussy and between her butt cheeks. He followed it with a finger, lightly caressing her, ever so gently touching her little starfish.

Audra gasped as she felt his finger just where she'd wanted it.

"Oh yes Daddy, I love that, it feels so good," she purred, rolling her nipples between thumbs and fingers. 

"Oh really?" he asked, surprised. 

"Uh huh, sometimes when I'm alone I even put my finger in there," she said, blushing.

Audra felt her father's finger pushing at her bum hole, teasing, not quite penetrating her.

"Show me," he said, his finger quickly withdrawn. 

Audra moaned when her pleasure was abandoned yet again, but then quickly changed position so that she was on all fours, kneeling on the massage table. Doug moved so that he was behind her again at the foot of the table. Audra reached behind herself with her left hand, looking back over her shoulder as she slid her finger down between her butt cheeks. She ran it down slowly, teasing until she felt her target with her finger. 

Doug watched as Audra's finger slid easily into her bum. She gasped as she pushed it in, smiling at him, working it as far in as she could. He stood mesmerised as she slid it out and in again, over and over. His cock responded, recovering from its orgasm to stand proudly erect before him again.

"That's so fucking hot," he said.

"Not as hot as you licking me though Daddy. You still haven't made me cum," Audra sighed.

"Well then I guess I'd better take over again then," he smiled at her. 

Audra's finger slipped from her bum and she made to move position, but Doug stopped her. He reached between her legs, resting his thumb on her clit, and then stuck his tongue into her pussy as he rubbed the little nub. He used his other hand to slide a finger into her almost impossibly tight anus.

"Oh fuck yes Dad!" Audra yelled.

Doug kept going for a minute and then changed things. He pulled his finger from her bum and instead, as he thumbed her clit, slid two fingers into her pussy and curled them toward the front of her vagina. Audra was clearly close to cumming, but he had one piece of the puzzle left to complete. He circled his tongue around her butt hole and then licked directly into her anus, probing and wiggling with his tongue.

Audra squealed at the additional pleasure and tipped over the edge into ecstasy. 

Doug felt Audra's pussy seemed to try and eject her fingers as she orgasmed and then the pressure released and he was stunned when fluid sprayed around his fingers. Audra's legs were visibly shaking, her stomach contracted and even her butt clenched at his tongue.

Audra collapsed onto the massage table, still shaking from the intensity of her release. Doug was amazed as he watched her calves vibrated and her butt all but lifted off the table as she slowly recovered.

"Fuck that was amazing!"

"Do you always squirt when you cum?" he asked.

"Is that what I did? It's never happened before," Audra grinned.

"Well it was fucking hot," Doug laughed.

"It must have been because I can see that you're all ready to go again," Audra smiled. "Is there something I can do to help?"

Doug briefly considered asking if he could stick his cock in her bum, but didn't.

"You know there's something I've always wanted to see. All those times at your gymnastics, I've always wondered what it would be like if it was done naked. Some of the positions you girls get into ... well it's amazing I've never simply cum in my pants watching."

Audra giggled.

"Well I'd be happy to do some moves for you Dad," she grinned. "And I even have one special one that will amaze you."

She jumped down from the massage table and Doug followed her as she strolled into the living room, eyes glued to her fantastic little butt. There was a gymnastic influence to the way she walked, all power and poise. It did wonderful things to her bottom as she moved. 

Audra had her father sit on the couch and began to stretch for him. She moved through a series of positions, each one of them stretching her pussy in different ways. She held one leg up in a vertical split, did the splits on the floor, both facing to and away from him. She did a couple of hand stands and even spread her legs wide whilst in the middle of one. 

Doug was in heaven, suggesting positions that he'd always wondered about. Audra even lay down on her back and managed to get both feet behind her head. She did walk overs and even a back flip, all naked in the middle of the living room.

"Now for the special treat Dad," she said, getting him to lie on the floor, his hard on flat against his stomach. 

Audra stood over his head. Doug's eyes were glued to the sight of her pussy but before he really had time to appreciate it, she did a hand stand, one hand on either side of his hips. Doug didn't quite know what to expect and then his eyes widened in amazement as Audra lowered her body in a vertical push-up until her mouth found the tip of his cock. She sucked at it until she had it between her lips and then sucked it deeper. Her mouth slid down his hard shaft, engulfing him even while the rest of her body was vertical above him.

"Fuck me!" Doug gasped, eyes taking in the tension in her arms, her body shaking slightly as she continued to suck him.

Audra didn't last long before quickly dropping her feet back to the ground. 

"That is something I've never ever seen done!" Doug said, amazed by the extraordinary control that the move required. 

"I told you it was special," she grinned. 

Doug didn't get time to respond before she stood over him and started doing the splits, her pussy directly over his face. When she was within tongue range, Doug quickly tipped his head forward and licked along her pussy even as her mouth once again found his cock. Audra sucked at his cock for a few moments before disengaging again.

Doug sighed in disappointment as her pussy was taken away from his face. He watched in amazement as she sprung back into a handstand over him again. She started so that she was looking down at his head and then walked down along his body, one hand either side of him. She made it seem effortless, but he could see from the corded muscles of her arms that it was anything but. When her head was over his cock again, she once again dipped down and sucked it into her mouth. She pushed herself back up which drew her mouth back up along her father's cock until the head popped from between her lips. 

Doug watched, fascinated by the play of his daughter's muscles as she worked her body over him. He gasped when she spun on her right hand, lifting the left over his body to so that she landed still in a handstand only on one side of him. The move was quickly repeated and then Audra was in the same position she'd started, only facing toward his feet so that he now had a view of her butt and tight shoulder muscles. 

Audra grinned to herself, imagining how impressed her father was going to be by the next move. With the sort of control that only a truly competitive gymnast could muster she spread her legs until she was almost doing the splits in her handstand and then swung her body down, her legs spread the whole time. She came to a halt as her bare pussy ground against her father's cock.

"Shit!" Doug said in amazement.

Audra didn't give him much time to think about it, quickly working her hand between her legs to grab her father's cock and slide her body back so that it slipped inside. They both groaned as her lips slid down his erection. 

Audra took control, looking down on her father and bouncing up and down on his cock. She worked her feet under her so that she was squatting and worked quickly, occasionally slowing to grind hard on the cock buried deep in her pussy.

Doug did what he could to hold on. He tried very hard not to think of all those gymnasts that he'd had dirty thoughts about over the years, tried not to think about the fact that it was his daughter that was the one working his cock toward a second explosion. The sight of his slight but powerful daughter's frame bouncing up and down wasn't an easy thing to ignore though.

Audra moved position several times. When she thought that she was pushing her father too close to his second orgasm, she'd give him some relief, stringing him out. She spun to turn the other way, presenting him with a view from behind as her pussy lips clung to his shaft. She squatted and then went down on her knees and ground hard. Giving his cock a brief break, she pushed herself up into a back bend, her body arching high over him whilst she smiled at him, her head upside down as she looked at him. 

"I want to see your pussy like that," Doug urged her. Audra sprung up, flipping her legs back and over so that she was then standing over his head again. She moved beside him and facing him, thrust her hands skyward and then toppled backwards, catching herself in another back bend, this time with her pussy pointing toward her father. Doug sat up and moved to his knees so that he could get a good look at her pussy as her body arched away from him. He put a hand on each thigh then leaned in and ran his tongue between Audra's lips, flicking it over her clit.

Audra felt her Dad's tongue and gasped. She tried hard to hold herself in that position as his tongue flicked back and forth on her clit, but failed. She collapsed to her back with a giggle. Doug moved to continue his assault, but Audra quickly pushed him back to the floor and mounted his cock again. She had no intent of taking it easy on him this time and rode him vigorously until he was crying out a warning that he was going to cum.

Audra quickly slipped from his cock, grabbed it in her hand and sucked the head into her mouth as she pumped him. 

Doug gasped and sputtered, his breath ragged as Audra's hand worked his shaft. His balls tensed and he arched his back, thrusting his butt off the floor, pushing his cock at her mouth as he came. Audra sucked and swallowed as her Dad's cock pulsed in her mouth, emptying its load. When he stopped, she released his cock, some of his sperm slipping from her mouth and sliding down her chin. She grinned at her father and swallowed dramatically.

~~~~~~~

"You do realise that I'll never be able to watch gymnastics the same way again, don't you?" Doug said to his daughter over dinner that night.

"Oh, I'm sure you'll find some way to survive it," she giggled.

"Well, at least when I look at all the other girls they'll still be an unattainable dream."

"What makes you say that?" Audra asked.

"Well, this was something that I'm still not convinced really happened, what chance is there that there's another 18 year old gymnast on the planet that would show any sort of interest in an old fuddy duddy like me?"

"Oh you might be surprised," Audra replied with a grin.

Doug just laughed it off.

"Maybe I'll ask Misty over to practice with me tomorrow ..."

Doug stared at his daughter, seeing a devilish twinkle in her eye, wondering exactly what it was that she was planning.


to be continued....


For pics visit ---->> https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI
