Living Alone and Naked
byapplevalyan©

I was lucky to find a job right out of high school and by the time I was 19, I had finally saved up enough money to get me an apartment and move away from my pain in the ass mother. Things had to be done her way all the time. She was a clean freak! Always finding fault with every little thing I did. Nag, nag, nag, I just had to get out. I never even told her I was leaving. One day when she wasn't home I grab my stuff, alone with the help of a friend and her boyfriend and his pick-up truck, and I split. I sent her a letter about six months later to let her know I was alive and fine. 

My friend had this cute little one bedroom apartment in town and was moving out to be with her boyfriend. She recommended me to apartment manager and I was able to get the room at a good price. We had everything I owned in his pick-up and in a short time I was moved in. The living room was empty but I had all I needed in my bedroom, bed, dresser, TV, stereo, and alarm clock radio. 

My name is Katrina. My friends call me Kat. I'm 5' 6" tall and weigh 115lbs. Have long brown hair and green eyes. 

Well, the first thing I noticed I enjoyed was I could walk around my apartment naked if I was so inclined. And I did just that after I took my shower, just because I could. It felt weird but enjoyable at the same time. I had never walked around in any form of undress at my mothers' house as it would have been totally unacceptable. She would complain, if she caught me, leaving the bedroom or bathroom without my bra on. I guess that is why I was doing it, just to be rebellious. I remained nude until I dressed to go to work the next morning. That was the first night of sleeping nude. I enjoyed the cool sheets against my naked body so much, that I my never wear anything to bed again. 

Over the next few months I got into the habit of completely undressing as soon as I got home. I cooked my dinner, ate, watched TV and slept; all totally nude and found I enjoyed the freedom from clothing. I got braver and slowly started wearing fewer clothes in public. First I tried going braless, and then a few weeks later I tried going pantyless once in a while under shorts or pants or my longer skirts and dresses. In my mind I was doing something wicked and getting away with it, plus I found it enjoyable. But as I tell this story, I haven't even opened my bra and panties drawer in weeks. But I still didn't have the guts to go pantyless under my shorter skirts or dresses. 

One warm lazy Saturday spring morning, about a year after moving into my apartment, I heard noises outside my bedroom window and looked out. It was the lawn crew cutting grass. I was looking out my window and suddenly remembered I was nude. I instinctively stepped back away from the window and closed the curtain, fearing they might look my way and see me standing there nude. I got back in bed to watch a little TV before I got dressed to go out and kept thinking about my near accidental exposure. I felt myself tingling the way I did when I knew someone was looking at my hard nipples poking out from my braless 34C tits under one of my shirts and began to wonder how it would feel if someone did actually see me naked. I thought about how I could do it for a while and decided the best way was to make it look accidental. I peeked out the bedroom window to see if anybody was close by and seen they were still away from my window but had not cut the grass by my window yet, so I opened the curtains all the way and walked back to my dresser. 

While sitting on the stool at my dresser brushing my long hair, I kept an eye on the window through the mirror. I saw a man about my age using a weed eater approach my window. He did a double take as he glanced in my window. I sat there and brushed my hair as he got a good look at my bare back and ass. He made a motion and a few seconds later his partner showed up. I now had two men looking at my naked backside. I was about to pass out from the rush of excitement so I stood up and put my brush down, I then twisted my body back and forth as if checking out my body, all the time watching the guys in my mirror checking me out. Then I slowly walked out the room. Once out of sight I collapsed onto my new couch and brought myself to orgasm. I was surprised myself by how excited I gotten, just by purposely exposing my completely nude body to strangers. And I knew I just had to do it again. I got up and headed back to my bedroom hoping they were still at the window so I could give them a frontal view. I was a bit let down when they weren't but I decided to leave the curtains open just incase they returned. The truth be known, those curtains have not been closed since that day. 

I had bought myself a cute little short white gauze sundress a couple days earlier and had planned to wear it that day. But since my adventure that morning I decided to make one little change in my attire. I decided to wear NOTHING under it. The dress is mid-thigh length and I had planned to wear new micro-thong panties under it. I had originally planned to intentionally flash my thong panties a few times that day. I had purposely flashed my panties a few times over the past few weekends. I had started with full coverage underwear and worked my way to ass baring thongs. I had found it very exhilarating and was going to do it again this weekend in my tiniest panty yet. I have never gone pantyless in such a short dress or skirt before that day and was getting a bit nervous and excited at the same time, but looking forward to doing it. I wasn't planning on purposely showing my bare ass that day, but in the back of my mind, I was kind of hoping that some how it would get exposed that day. 

I had already planned to start the day by getting a few groceries so I headed to the nearest supermarket. It was exhilarating knowing I was walking around in public practically naked. I had checked myself out in the mirror before leaving and I could just male out my nipples and bush through the dress. I could feel the breeze on my ass and pussy as it swirled around my legs and under my dress, it felt wickedly wonderful. I luckily had my arms down as the doors automatically opened for me and a rush of air blew my skirt up a bit. "That was close" I thought to my self as I instinctively held the dress down. I got my buggy and got my few groceries and checked out without trouble. As I was leaving I had both hands on the buggy and checking out a cute bag boy entering as I was leaving. I was smiling at him and not paying attention to what I was doing, and as I walked though the open doors, the wind my skirt blew way up. Since I was looking at the bag boy as it happened, I seen his eyes get big and his mouth opened. I instantly knew he had seen it all. I don't know why but I didn't do anything. I let the skirt naturally dropped back down on its own. I walked a few steps and looked back; he was still looking at me. I was trembling as I looked back and gave a little wave. I got to my car and put the first of my three bags of groceries in the trunk and felt the sun on my naked ass as I sat the first one down. I looked around but I don't think anyone seen anything, but I did see another bag boy was heading my way pushing a half-dozen buggies. Feeling brave and getting horny, I took my time reaching for the second bag and bent to put it in as he walked behind me. I took a quick look back to see if he was looking at my ass. He was. I got my third bag and watched him as I leaned even further over to put it in, giving him a lot to see. He had stopped pushing the buggies and was staring at me. I could feel my juices starting to run down my legs. 

I got in my car and even with one hand between my legs I was still able to make it back to my apartment in record time. I quickly put my bags on the counter and pulled my dress off over my head dropping on the floor as I headed for my bedroom. I flopped on the bed and my fingers went straight to my wet pussy. I was just about to cum when I noticed two familiar faces in my bedroom window. I was being watched as I masturbated. Any other time I would have screamed and covered up from the shock, but today it quickly sent me over the edge in what had to be the most intense orgasm I had ever had. I just laid there acting as if I didn't know they were there, I then slowly got up walked on weak, trembling legs to bathroom to clean myself up a bit and then I made sure my apartment door was locked but still remained naked as I wandered around the apartment. 

I still had things I needed to do so I collected my dirty laundry and started to open the door and remembered I was still naked. I put my sundress back on, and checked to make sure the guys weren't outside my door waiting to pounce on me. It was clear, so I walked to the apartment complexes laundry room. There was a really cute guy with a really nice body there when I arrived. He was wearing a pair of tight cut-off jeans with no shirt or shoes. I smiled and said hello to him as I loaded my washer. I sat a couple chairs from him and made sure a lot of leg was showing, the hem of my little dress just did cover my crotch. I noticed he kept glancing at my legs as we talked the usual small talk. I found out his name was Eric and he lived across the complex from me. He was just hired as a ranger in a State Park just north of town. He was single and between girlfriends at the time. He asked if that maybe we could go out sometime and I told him that I was cool with that. 

His clothes finished washing and as he transferred them to the drier, he dropped a sock. As he bent to pick it up, he looked my way. The laundry room was a narrow room with the washers and driers on the side walls, the waiting chairs were on the back wall and from his position he had a clear shot up my skirt. I knew he was now trying to look up my skirt, so as I continued to look at a magazine I opened my legs just a bit. I giggled inside as he dropped his sock again. I was beginning to enjoy this exhibition thing. I just don't know where it was coming from. I had never even given it though until that morning. And now it was about all I could think about. How do I get my next thrill?

My clothes finished a few minutes later and as I moved my clothes to the drier I dropped a wash cloth. Eric called my attention to it. I decided to thank him by giving him a good look up my dress. I squatted, spreading my legs wide as I retrieved the wash cloth. As sat down I told him I always seemed to drop something every time I washed my clothes. He said, "That at least you didn't drop a pair of panties."

I giggled as I dared tell him that that would be kind of hard since I rarely wore any. Then I looked him in the eyes as I nervously said, "But I bet you knew that already. Didn't you Eric." 

He looked to be uncomfortable in his chair as he shifted his nicely toned body around. I also noticed his cut-offs were a lot tighter in the crotch area. I enjoyed the feeling knowing I was the cause of it. He then said, "Yea, I kind of noticed your lack of underwear but that's fine with me because I don't wear them much either." 

I looked right at his crotch and smiled as I told him, "O yea! Well that's fine with me too. I find it cooler and more comfortable going without them. I just have to be more careful how I sit or bent when I wear short dresses like this one. This is the first day I've worn this short little dress and I have had a couple exciting experiences this morning already and it's still early." He asked what I meant so I told him about the wind blowing up my skirt at the grocery store and my putting the groceries in the car as the boy watched and that I had also seen him trying to look up my skirt earlier.

He said he was sorry and knew he shouldn't have, but with me being so cute he just couldn't help looking and trying to see my panties. Then he asked, "But if you knew I was looking, why didn't you stop me?"

I told him, "I really don't know. All I knew was that a really cute guy was trying to look up my dress and that I liked it and I knew he would probably be surprised if he knew I had no panties on, so I spread my legs a bit so you could get a better look. And when I noticed you noticed, it excited me even more. That was why I dropped that wash cloth earlier so I could get another chance to spread my legs and let you see my pussy again." 

His eyes were wide as he said, "You mean you knew I was looking and you let me look! Man! You are the coolest girl I have ever had the pleasure to meet." Then he paused and said," Did you say you showed me you pussy on purpose?" I shook my head and he went, "Cool!" " Hey! If you aren't joking can I see it again?"

Boy! Was this guy excited! He had stood up and was standing about three feet in front of me. He had one huge bulge in those tight pants. I was delighted I had made him so happy and when he asked to see my pussy again it thrilled me. Of course I would let him look again. I gave him my biggest smile as I pulled my dress up to my waist and left it there. "You can look all you want big boy but don't touch." I said, "And I want to see what's behind those shorts of yours making them so tight." As I said that I reached out and touched his bulge with one finger. 

Eric quickly reached down, unhooking and unzipping his shorts. Out popped about 7 to 8 inches of hard dick. I have never seen a man's dick hard before and it was a beautiful sight to see. [My mother had never let me date and I had no social life because of her and because of that I lived a sheltered life.] 

I wanted to reach out and grab it but was afraid to, as I had zero experience in this area. I had no brothers and never baby sat a baby boy before. All I knew was what I learned from friends at school. I was fascinated by it. 

Eric asked if I would like to go back to his room and get a better look at it. 

I wanted to, oh how I wanted to! But I looked at Eric and told him I would like to but I had never seen or touched one before and didn't know what to do. 

He asked if I was a virgin and I told him I was. He said that he was a bit surprised because of the way I was exposing myself to him. I told him, "This is all new to me also. Today was the first day I had purposely showed a man my pussy and that it was sure a rush I was having trouble controlling myself." He told me that he thought he understood what I was saying, and that if I wanted to, he would love to take me to his room and teach me how to make a man happy. I looked down at his still hard dick and smiled at him and told him I would love for him to teach me.

Right there in the laundry room as we waited for our clothes, he stepped out of his shorts and pulled my dress over my head and we ran our hands all over each others' body getting very familiar with each other. Eric had just put his shorts back on when the two lawn men walked by the laundry room door and seen me naked. They stopped and stared, I smiled and giggled and waved as I said, "Hi Guys" then wrapped my arms around Eric and kissed him. He asked who they were and I told him the whole story.

I took my clothes back to my room and hurried to Eric's apartment. He spent the rest of the day teaching me how to make a man happy and I was more than willing to learn everything. We didn't leave his apartment until noon the next day; I don't remember how many times we had sex. We went to have lunch and all I had to wear was my little sundress, so I wore just it again. It wasn't that dirty because I hadn't worn it that much. Eric just had to take me shopping for a few more clothes, so we went to a mall. He bought me a couple more short sundresses and a couple thin tops. He also bought one special dress. It was a very short, red silk halter dress. It was totally backless and had a deep plunge front to almost my belly-button. I can't wait to wear it out in public for him. I know I will be very excited at being so close to being naked in public.

We had a lot of fun all over the mall, he kept reaching under my dress to grab my ass or play with my pussy and I just loved it. He even flipped up the back of my dress a couple times, flashing my bare ass to a few boys. It was so much fun just seeing the look of disbelief in their faces, I just loved it! I was so horny when we decided to leave that I knew I didn't want to wait until we got back to the apartments to have sex, so I decided that I would screw him in the parking lot before we left. But first I needed to go into 'Walgreen's' before we left. I told him to wait outside because I needed to pick up a couple feminine things before I left. I got what I needed plus a couple boxes of condoms for us. I had noticed he only had a couple left in his apartment and I was going to use one before we left the parking lot. 

When we got to his truck he unlocked and opened the door for me. Without even looking around, I dropped to my knees and unzipped his pants and pulled out his dick in seconds, then wrapped my mouth around his quickly hardening dick. After about 30 seconds I let it out of my mouth and told him to get in the truck. He climbed in and sat down and then I put a condom on him and was in and straddling him in no time. I took hold of his now nice hard cock and impaled myself on it. I never looked once around the parking lot as I rode that wonderful cock. I wanted to be fucked now and I was going to get fucked now and I didn't care if anyone seen me or was watching me. We were so worked up I bet that fuck didn't last a minute at the most and I guess it was fortunate or unfortunate that no one got to see me, I mean us. 

We got Eric's pants back on and left. As we pulled out of the parking lot he looked at me and said I was one crazy chick but that's what he really liked about me. I leaned over and gave him a kiss and rubbed is crotch as I kissed him. A minute later he asked just how far I would go at being nude in public. I told him I didn't know as this was still new to me. Then he asked if I would be willing to remove my dress right now and ride back to the apartments naked. It only took me about 3 seconds to decide and I lifted my dress over my head. It was only about a fifteen minute ride and many people had see me naked I just don't know how many did. I was again very excited and horny when we parked the truck. I think Eric may have created an exhibitionist monster. I hope he can control me a bit or I just might get myself into trouble. We spent the rest of the day in his apartment. I went home around 8pm well satisfied and exhausted but I still had to be at work at 7am. 

The next morning I woke up sore but happy. I had always dressed conservatively at work. I usually wore a loose t-shirt, sometimes braless, and a pair of long pants and tennis shoes to work. But that day I dressed in just a short skirt and button down blouse and three inch heels and went to work. The guys at work had never seen me in a short skirt before and I had left a couple extra buttons on my blouse undone today also. I work in the office of a distribution warehouse. I make the trip with the purchase orders from my office to the truck loading dock foreman's desk a dozen times a day normally. But that day things were different, every eye from every guy in the warehouse was watching me and I enjoyed it. I also was in charge of keeping the coffee up and going for the trucker in their waiting lounge. They sure seemed to be a lot friendlier that day than normal.

My boss who is just over 30 years old and still cute, he even told me he liked the way I was dressed that day and that something seemed different about me. He said I seemed happier and more confident about myself than normal and it looked good on me. That really made me feel good, I didn't know my boss had noticed me that much until then. I guess it was because of the wild weekend I had but I did feel like a different woman. That's it! I'm a woman now, not a girl any more. 


I had been feeling kind of daring all day that day. And later in the day I was getting horny again thinking about Eric and his cock. Since I was sitting at my desk, I pulled up my skirt a bit so I could tease myself a bit easier. I glanced down and could just see the hairs of my pussy poking out from the hem of my skirt. I was getting off the phone as my boss walked by and I wondered what he would do or think, if he saw me dressed the way I was right now. I decide to flash my boss if I got the chance to. About an hour before getting off, Mr. H came to my office and asked to see the day's sales totals. I reached down and pulled open my bottom left drawer as Mr. H walked around my desk, I pushed back my chair and twisted towards him as I pulled the file from the drawer. I saw Mr. H's eyes look between my legs as I gave him the file. He uttered an 'OH MY'. I looked down and quickly turn my chair around and pulled my skirt down as I apologized to Mr. H. He told me not to worry, it would be OK. He said it would be just our little secret and that it would in no way cost me my job. He said his wife, a cute and friendly woman whom I have met a couple times, also frequently goes pantyless and according to his wife many of her friends did it also. I told him it was my first time coming to work without them and that I would never do it again. He then told me as long as I did my job as well as was doing it now, I could wear whatever I wanted or not wear what I didn't want to wear to work. If would be fine with him. 

I didn't wear my short skirts again to work for a week but now I wear them almost everyday to work. But for the next week I wore shorts and t-shirts to work, braless of course, and each day the shorts got tighter and shorter and the t-shirts got tighter and thinner. When Friday came, I wore tight stretch latex short-shorts, pantyless of course, and a mid-riff bearing thin white top. I could make out my areola in the mirror before I left home that morning. Mr. H seemed to come visit me more than normal that day and Mr. Jones, the dock foreman, started coming to me frequently to pick up the orders instead of me taking them to him. I still made a couple trips to see him so the guys in the warehouse could check me out. I've noticed my job has gotten to be a lot more fun lately since I've started wearing more revealing clothing. 

By this time, Eric and I have been sleeping together and having sex two to three times a night since we meet. I have been willing to try almost anything Eric has come up with. I thought he was crazy when he said he wanted to put it up his dick my ass but I gave it a try and ended up enjoying that too. The only time I make him wear a condom is when he fucks my pussy. I called my doctor, was lucky to get an appointment the very next day to see her to get a prescription for birth control pills and started taking them as soon as I got them. I so want to feel Eric's hot cum in me. I also found I love the taste of his cum and I love to swallow all he can give me.

Anyhow, we alternate nights in each others' apartment. The next coming Saturday night he wanted to take me out to dinner at a nice dance club in a nearby larger town. He asked if I would wear that new halter dress he got me and I told him I would love to. Then I had to laugh at him when I asked him if I had to wear panties with it. He had a mild look of shock in his face when he said he had kind of hoped I wouldn't. I giggled as I said, "Of course not silly. I wouldn't dream of ruining your and my fun by wearing anything under that little dress. Friday night he talked me into letting him shave my pussy and I let him. OH, MY GOD! It feels so much better now when he eats my pussy. I may never let it grow back again plus now that there is no hair, my pussy is now easier seen.

Saturday evening finally arrived I was dressed in that little red halter dress and the only other things I wore was necklace and my white strappy 3in. heeled sandals. I don't think the hem of the dress was more than four inches below my ass. I looked great in it. I had never worn a dress or top that plunged in front before and this hot little number plunged all the way to my belly-button. I found out that if I bent over even a little that someone would be able to see my entire tit form the side as the material fell away from my chest. Oh! I knew then that I was going to have fun that night. And my back was bare to just above the crack of my ass.

We arrived at the club just before 9pm and our table was waiting on us. The food was excellent but I couldn't afford eating there very often. We then made our way to the other side of the building to the dance club. The place was packed. I quickly lead Eric to the dance floor. I kept seeing guys checking me out. It didn't take much effort for one or both of my tits to come into view and Eric didn't help matters much by frequently reaching inside my top to gab a handful in view of anybody, but that was what we had planned to do. Every once in awhile he would grab my ass and pull me to him and grind against me. A couple times I turned my back to him and bent over a bit. He liked to grab my hips and acted like he was fucking me. The last time he did it he flipped up my dress exposing my entire ass as he dry humped me.

As he was humping my exposed ass I seen the cute blonde in a very short black dress sandwiched and getting felt up by the two guys she was dancing with at the same time. Her face looked familiar to me but I couldn't place her. Then the three of them turned a bit and one of the guys she was dancing with was Mr. H., my boss! It was his wife and then I noticed the other guy had his hands on her ass, her bare ass! Mr. H. wasn't kidding when he said she went pantyless sometime. I whispered to Eric as to who they were and convinced Eric to dance over to them. Mr. H. was surprised when I tapped him on the shoulder and told him he looked like he was having fun. He quickly got over his surprise and said he was and then he looked down and noticed one of my tits completely out and said to me, "It looks like you're having fun too!" 

I looked down and laughed saying, "Maybe a little too much fun, see you later. Keep having fun and behave yourself if you can." Then Eric and I danced away. 

About a have hour later, Eric and I were sitting down resting. I was sitting on his lap teasing him. I kept wiggling my ass feeling his dick getting bigger while it was wedged in the crack of my ass and he had both his hand wrapped around me under my top cupping my breast, when Mr. H. and his wife walked up. 

Mr. H. surprised me and asked if I would mind dancing with him before they left. I said I didn't know then looked at Eric and he told me to go ahead. I then looked at Mrs. H. and she said it was fine with her and I said "OK". Eric let go of my breast as I took Mr. H's hands and followed him to the dance floor. He held me close when the music started and I could feel his hard-on pressing against my belly. I was stunned at first the quickly enjoyed the pressure. Then I broke the silence and asked if I had caused his hard-on.

I think I surprised him at my directness, but he said I was just adding more fuel to the fire. He said his wife was the major reason for his condition; she had been unbelievably erotic that night. We glanced over at her and she was sitting on Eric's lap. Mr. H. told me not to worry about that, she was just keeping him warmed up for me. I asked who and where the other guy was that dancing with them.

He said that he was a close friend but had to leave to take care of a problem where her worked but was to rejoin them at his home later to continue their little party. I gave him an evil look and said, "My My, I wonder what kind of party you mean?" 

I pretty sure I actually seen him blush as he looked away. He looked back and asked, "Does it really look that obvious?" 

He paused a bit and I put my hands on his ass and pulled him hard against me saying, "OK bad boy, you better tell me everything."

He closed his eyes and said, "Oh, I like that." Then after another pause he said, "It all started as just a fantasy. She had told me a long time ago that she had always wondered how it would feel having sex with two men at once. Then I started having fantasies of watching her with another man and I use to get excited. It kind if escalated to talking about it while we had sex and then I asked her one night I asked her if she would like to give it a try. She asked if I was serious and if I already had someone in mind. I told her I thought we both knew someone that would be willing to bang the shit out of her. She asked who that was and when I gave her his name, she smiled and said she wouldn't mind giving him a try either. So I set it up and here we are tonight." 

"Is that all right with you?" he asked. I gave his ass a squeeze and told him she had a really great husband to do that for her. 

Then I said, "You are such a good man, I want to do something for you before you leave." He looked puzzled as I stepped back from him and pulled the straps of my halter apart. Exposing both breast to him while on the dance floor. I covered myself and took the stunned man hand and lead him from the dance floor back to his lucky wife. His wife thanked Eric for keeping her company while we misbehaved on the dance floor. She told me bye and said would see me again, as she put her hand on her husband's ass and lead him towards the exit.

I stood Eric up noticing the tent in his pants and told him to we needed to leave but first I wanted him to pull the back of my dress up to my waste as he gave me a long deep kiss. After the kiss I told him as we left I wanted him to leave one hand on my bare ass all the way to his truck. Before we got to truck I lifted the dress off my body and gave it to him to carry. I remained naked until late the next day. 

On the way home, I had released his dick and had put my head in his lap nibbling on his dick as I told him what Mr. and Mrs. H. was up to. And he asked me if I had ever thought of doing two guys at once. I told him the truth, I said, "I had never even considered it before, but now that I have heard of it I had no plans of trying it. But that I did wonder what it would feel like to have two or more cocks in me at the same time." Then Eric asked if I had ever thought of having sex with anybody else. I told him he was the only man I had ever considered having sex with and was very happy and satisfied with him right now. 

Then he asked, "Not even with your boss, because I saw you grab his ass and flash him." That statement stunned me. I angrily told him, "No way! He's married to a nice woman and I'm not about to screw that up! I was just having fun." 

Mr. H and I arrived at work at the same time Monday morning. He told me he was a bit disappointed. I asked him why and he said he was hoping I would wear the same dress I wore Saturday night to work today. I smile at him as told him it was a good idea and that I might just do it one day if I knew his heart could handle it. I was wearing a short tight pink skirt and a tight white t-shirt that morning and he asked me as he opened the door for me if I was wearing any panties. I smiled and said, "Nope. Would you like to see?" He said sure and I said, "OK, but later." He had a big smile as he walked to his office. 

I put my purse away and headed to his office. His back was turned to me so I quietly pulled up my skirt and sat down across from his desk with my leg spread a little bit and waited. When he turned he jumped when he seen me. I simply said, "It's later." But his eyes had already zoned in between my legs. I waited a few seconds and stood up telling him I had to go, had to get to work before the boss found out I was goofing off.

Then I turned and asked him how things when at home Saturday night. He smiled and said, "Great! I never knew my wife was such a wonderful slut. She took us on in any hole we wanted, alone and at the same time. I came in every hole that night and we are planning on getting together again in a couple weeks. He had a big smile on his face as he continued, "She even said yesterday that she wondered if that nice guy with the big hard-on, the one she sat in the lap of Saturday night would be willing to join in so she could have all her holes filled at once. I laughed and I said I bet Eric would like that and if you're serious; I'll ask him. He said he would let me know after he asked his wife if she was serious.

I had a hard time concentrating on my work that day and along with Eric's comment about having sex with my boss ate at me all day. I knew I could never screw him but the more it tumbled around in my brain the more I came to the conclusion that it probably wouldn't do any harm to give him a blow-job. Then I got thinking at what Mr. H. said about his wife asking about Eric. I then thought it might even be fun for both of us to join in. Mrs. H. could get her holes filled and I could try it myself or at least get to try new cock.

Mr. H. had me post a notice of a mandatory safety meeting the last hour of the day in the warehouse and told me I needed to be there too. At the meeting the corporate office said that whenever anybody walked around the warehouse or in the yard we had to start wearing bright orange safety vest, no exceptions and termination was possible if not done. Mr. H opened the box and tossed me one and said to put it on and pass out the rest. 

After the meeting I went back to my desk to resume my work, when from nowhere an idea popped in my mind. I took off my t-shirt and put on just the bright orange vest. Since the vest was open weave mesh it was easy to see my braless breast. I walked to Mr. H's office and if I could wear it like this. His eyes lit up. He said he loved it but he didn't think I would walk around the warehouse like that. "Make a bet," I said, as I turned and picked up the latest orders for the warehouse and walked out into the warehouse. The vest only had one Velcro strap to hold the front together right between my breasts. I could feel the wetness between my legs as I headed toward Mr. Jones desk. Everyone in the warehouse stopped in their tracks as I handed the orders to a stunned Mr. Jones. I smiled and said, "What? Mr. H. said I could wear it like this if I wanted. Do any of you guys mind? If so I'll stop." 

All I heard was, "Looks great", "It's all right with me", and "You can wear it like that anytime you what honey."

Mr. H. was standing at the door to the offices with a big smile on his face. "You have really surprised me a lot these last couple of weeks girl. And whatever has gotten into you lately, don't ever loose it. I like it! He said. 

He opened the door for me and I notice a large bulge in the front of his pants and then I tried to sound like 'Urkel' and pointed at the bulge as I said, "Did I Do That?" He looked down and blushed. I walked over to him and softly asked, "Would you like for me to take care of that for you or would you rather do it yourself." 

His mouth opened wide and said, "Are you serious? You would be willing to take care of it." I just smiled and took his hand and lead him to his office and sat him down in his chair and I remove my orange vest as I got on my knees topless before him.

I was so nervous and excited at the same time as I unzipped his pants and pulled out his hard-on. I wasted no time getting down to business. I think I wanted it more than he did. All my practice over the last few weeks paid off as I was able to deep-throat him, but it wasn't that difficult since he was smaller than Eric. He was deep in my throat when he let go. He said I was great. He had never been deep-throated before because his wife tried but always gagged. After I was done I quickly finished my work, put my shirt on, and quickly got home. Eric has never found out why I attacked him so hard when I got to his apartment. 

The next day was a bright sunny day and I felt great so I wore one of my little sundresses to work. I took the first orders of the day into the warehouse. The guys had just finished their morning meeting and were still drinking coffee and I got a couple wolf whistles I smiled and thanked them. I was asked if I would ever wear the orange vest by itself again and I told them I probably would do it often since they all seemed to enjoy it so much. Then someone asked if I would ever show them more skin and I stopped and faced them. Well, what would you like top see? Since you've probably already figured out I'm a bit of an exhibitionist I'm game for almost anything. One of them said that he would like to see my bare tits. I told them OK but since I don't have a shirt on I'll have to show them to you this way. I grabbed the hem of my dress and lifted it to my chin. There was all kinds of hoopin' and hollerin' from the guys. I dropped the dress as Mr. Jones came out his office to see what all the noise was about. I said, "I'm sorry Mr. Jones. One of the guys' dared me to show them my titties so I did." He laughed and said he was sorry he missed that. I said, "You want to see too." I reached down and lifted my dress again, letting everybody get a look at all my nakedness beneath my dress. I flashed them a couple more time that day before I where home. [Watch out Eric. I'm coming home horny again!]

When I got dressed the next morning, all I put on was that bright orange vest and tight jean short-shorts and tennis shoes and I when to work just like that. I had no other top with me to change into. It was a blast being almost topless all day. I made frequent trips out to the warehouse and don't forget about the trucker's lounge. I had done most of my flashing prior to that day mainly in the warehouse and to my boss, but today I felt the urge to have fun with the truckers. I feel sorry for those guys sometimes. Away for home days and even weeks, they tell me, away from their loved ones. So I spent extra time with them today. Letting get a good look at my titties and even got completely naked for them a couple times, and I even when as far as to let one of them jerk off on me. That was strange but cool at the same time. 

On last trip into the warehouse that day, I left my shorts in the office and walked out in just my shoes and vest. After giving Mr. Jones his orders, I removed the vest and slowly walked back to my desk twirling the vest in one hand above my head as I went. I had just reached my desk completely naked as Mr. H. walked out of his office. "Girl", he said, "You had better be careful out there and in here also dressed like that. You might get more than you bargain for. You might just get a good fucking." 

I smiled at him as I said, "Promises, promises. I thought you said I could wear whatever I wanted around here. And this nice suit is what I felt like wearing." 

He smiled and adjusted his growing erection as he said, "I didn't say you couldn't dress like that. But I am serious when I say I want you to be more careful. I don't want the problems we could have if you happened to get raped while at work on company property. The shit would really hit the fan at the main office and we would both loose our jobs. OK, honey."

I said, "Your right, I wasn't thinking. I was just having fun. You know I get off exposing showing my body and my pussy takes control of my brain sometimes. I promise to be more careful in the future." 

Then I walked over to him placing my hand on his dick and winked at him and said, "To prove I'm sorry, I'd be happy to take care of you problem if you'd like me to." He placed his hand on my ass and led me to his office. 

I was extremely worked up when Eric got to my apartment that evening. I showed him what I wore all day at work and then dragged his ass to the bedroom. I still haven't told him about giving Mr. H. those blow-job and my never will. 

I brought home with me, two more orange vests. I am going to try and make a matching bright orange skirt to be worn with the vest. I bet the guys at work are going to love that outfit when I get around to making it. 


That next weekend I was at 'Walmart' when as I was walking past the lingerie department, I was not planning to buy any since I very rarely wear them anymore, when I noticed what looked like a pair of black lace short-shorts. Along with them was a black lace halter top. They wear a sexy sleepwear outfit. I just had to get them and try them on. They fit perfectly; I just loved the way they made my ass look. There was just enough bare ass cheek hanging out to be sexy but not slutty, but I'm getting to enjoy being slutty more and more every day. So I bought them and took them home and wore just them to work Monday. I was becoming more daring because, once again that is all I wore to work, no other clothing to change into if I need to. I didn't show any bare tits or ass skin that day. 

I'm beginning to understand Eric's point of view lately. Slutty is sexy and OK, but too much and you start looking like a whore and that's not good. He told me one time, "Slut's do it for the fun and excitement, and whores do if for the money." 

Everybody loved my black lace and I got many compliments and Mr. H. gave me a big surprise that afternoon. He told me I was getting a raise in my next paycheck of a hundred dollars a week. I wonder if all exhibitionism or my blow-jobs were the reasons. Who knows, it might have been my job performance and my ability to raise the morale around this place. I really didn't care, a hundred dollar a week raise. Whoopee! Tomorrow I'm planning on wearing the little red halter dress to work. I'm sure everyone will enjoy it.

The same day I wore that black lace outfit to work, Mrs. H. dropped in. I was a little nervous she might get upset at what I was wearing around her husband, but I couldn't have been more wrong. She said I was a daring girl wearing such a sexy outfit around a bunch of men. She said she had heard from Mr.' H. about some of the things I have been wearing and not wearing around business. Then she surprised me by saying she kind of wanted to thank me for getting him so excited because when he got home he was usually so horny he usually wanted to have sex before supper. She said that up to when I started wearing sexy outfits to work, they usually had sex two to three times a week. But lately he had been coming home telling her about what I had worn and how much I was showing off and that he had been so worked up, that they had been having sex daily and sometimes twice a day and she was enjoying it. 

I then asked her if she enjoyed her weekend a couple weeks ago. She looked shocked and said, "He told you about that! I'll kill him." 

I said, "No, no! Don't get mad at him. He kind of let it slip out the night we seen you three at the dance club and we all were a bit drunk that night. But I do remember you enjoying yourself in my boyfriend's lap." "And speaking of my boyfriend, I understand you might want him to join in your little party. And that fine with me. He's already told me he would love to get in between those legs of yours."

I could see her blush at that statement. "You mean he knows and is willing to join us?" she said. 

"Yes" I said. "And I am a bit jealous of you. I have only had sex with one guy in my life and here you are possibly getting ready to have sex with three men at once. Oh, how lucky you are. I just wish I could be there with you if you needed help."

She said, "That's a great idea. Please join us. I know you would love it and in a way of thanking you, I would love to see my husband fuck you." Then she asked, "Have you ever been with another female?" She told me that she tried it a few times in college and enjoyed it, but that had been years ago and seeing how cute and sexy I was, she was feeling like trying it again if I wanted to.

I told her I would love to join them and that I never been with a female before and that I wasn't against giving it a try because I had wondered what it would be like. 

She said, "Deal! After we had worn the guys out we could put on a show for them just to get them going again."

We gave each other a hug then she kissed me. Her kiss was different but I liked it. 

She said, "Let's go tell my husband the good news. But first let's get naked and walk in together."

Well we did and I ended up sucking him off as she ate my pussy. I am defiantly looking forward to returning the favor and letting three guys fuck me. We made plans for this weekend. I didn't tell her but I am planning on showing up at their house Friday night NAKED!

