I am 23 years old female and have been married to my 25 year old husband Anthony for 6 years. I have recently found out that he is into things that most men aren't.  A few years ago we, got into the "swinging" thing and we love it... I love to watch my sexy hubby lick a womans pussy until she begs for him to push his large cock inside of her... My hubby also loves to see another man pound my sloppy wet pussy until I can't take anymore. Though we have only experienced other couples a few times, it has brought on a fetish that neither my hubby, or I have  never known he had... He wants to watch me "make love" to other men. I have FUCKED other men with Anthony watching a few times... I could never imagine being "sensual" with another man.. Not only because I have never been attracted to any of the men that we have played with as much as I am attracted to my husband, no one's cock has been as large as his... Actually, not even close. And due to that, I have been declining to have any more mmf experiences, let alone make love to anyone but this soon changed. 

One day after I came home from work, the hubby was in an abmormally good mood. He had made us dinner, had soft music playing and had also ran me a bath.. I was pleasantly surprised and would not pass up the opportunity to be catered to. At dinner, we both had a quite few glasses of wine, we laughed, talked a while about our day, then one way or another, the topic of sex came up in our conversation. Just the thought of my husbands hard dick between my dripping wet pussy lips made me squirm. I promptly excused myself from the table and went to enjoy my bath that was now at the perfect temperature for me to relax and anticipate the night ahead. The last few glasses of wine were starting to kick in and I was feeling really good now. For some reason alcohol makes me really horny to the point that my cunt gets juicey as hell. Just as I noticed the water was starting to cool off a bit too much I stepped out of the bathtub, grabbed a towel then stopped to admire myself. Though  I have pretty big breast and a plump ass, my small frame compliments them both very well and my husband doesn't mind a bit... 

I put on a robe but left it open so my anthony could see my partially dried body. I knew that this view would make him want to plow his cock right into me.. As I turned the corner into the room I saw something that I was not expecting at all... Two of my ex lovers were sitting on my bed staring directly at my half naked body. Instinctly I covered up.

"What the fuck is going on?" I yelled. "Why are you two in my house? Anthony!!" I called for my husband.

"What's up baby?" He said as he ran into the room as if he had no idea what I was fussing about.
"Why are they here?" I asked

"For us" he said blankly
"Absolutely not!" I said... Marcus, and Darron just sat there quietly.

 "This is too much." I objected 

"You said if you had someone that you were attracted to, that had good sized dicks, you would do what I wanted." He added "You are obviously attracted to them because you dated em, but as far as the cocks.... I'll keep my fingers crossed." He smirked

"This isn't funny Anthony" a stir of emotions ran through my body. Three men in my room. Two of which I was once deeply in love with, and one that I am currently in love with. My hubby won't have to keep his fingers crossed for long because both Darron, and Marcus have cocks that are long and wide enough to fill me completely. I know that my husband wouldn't  mind me fucking them but... How would I feel afterward? Just as the thought ran through my head, Marcus walked over to me as I was standing in the door way of my bathroom. He wrapped his arms around me then kissed me softly while is hands cuffed my soft ass firmly through my robe... I kissed back. My pussy was even wetter than it was at the dinner table as a rush of old emotions returned to me instantly. Marcus is a good bit taller than I am so I could feel his hard dick through his jeans right above my navel. I then saw Darron walking towards me. I became hesitant again. I quickly stopped kissing. 

"I don't know about this" I looked over at my sneaky husband who was loving every second of this. "You said you wanted to watch me make love to one person. Not two." I questioned him.

"Finders fee." He joked. At that moment Marcus began making out with me just as befor;  Darron continued his path toward me... As Marcus and I continued our passionate kissing Darron grabbed my robe from my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Almost as soon as the robe hit the floor, so did Darron's knees. It was as if Marcus and Darron were  perfectly synced to  one another. Marcus and I continued flicking our tounges in one anothers mouths as Marcus held my ass cheeks open. I felt Darron's warm tounge flickering against the rim of my ass hole and down to the hole of my pussy. I could feel my juices running down my leg while Darron teased my pussy. Marcus started to undoing his belt when I told him to sit down on the bed... He dropped he's pants, sat down on the edge of the bed just as I had requested...  I walked over to the be where Marcus sat waiting then Darron followed. I grabbed Marcus' long hard dick with my hands and bent over so Darron could continue to keep my pussy juices contained with his tounge. I put Marcus' dick as far down my throat as I could while stroking it slowly.. A lot of his sticky precum shot  in my mouth in my mouth and I wanted to have more.. I jerked his dick faster. I tightened my grip around his dick just a little bit as saliva dripped down past my hands and on his balls... I took a quick  glance over at my hubby. By this time he was stroking his cock obviously enjoying the show we were giving him. More pre cum oozed out of Marcus' dick and I could feel my pussy getting wetter while Darron licked up every drop. Then I turned my attention to Darron. His dick wasn't as long as Marcus' but was just as wide. I stood him up and kneeled down in front of him to undo his pants. I lifted his his dick and worked his balls with my tounge as he groaned with enjoyment.  My tounge traveled from the bottom of his balls  all the way up his shaft and popped his dick head in my mouth. I let him softly push his dick down my throat as far as I could take him. While Darron was fucking my throat, Marcus' hands came around from behind my and landed square on my clit. His fingers fiddled with my pulsating button til I couldn't take it any longer. I was about to give my husband the show that he wanted. I lied down in the middle of the bed, opened my legs wide, anticipating the first cock to push past my tight lips. Darron removed his shirt, climbed between my legs and teased my clit with the head of his dick. I begged him to slide it inside of my throbbing hole. He put the head of his cock in a little then worked his pelvis back and forth til his dick was as wet as my pussy was. I pulled him down toward me and kissed him passionately as he thrusted inside of me a little deeper with each push... I instantly felt the urge to cum all over him but fought it  the best I could. I grabbed Darrons face and kissed him more begging him to go deeper inside me...I started to moan loudly. Hearing  Darron moan made me even more horny. After about 10 minutes of passionate love making Darron gave one final thrust and came  inside of me.. I could feel the warmth of each squirt of his  cemen in my snatch. When he pulled his semi erect penis out of me I could see cum still dripping from his dick that was soaked with my juices. He lied down beside me   sweating and breathing hard and I was ready for another go. I stayed lying on the bed with my legs still wide open. Shortly afterwards  Marcus grabbed one of my breasts to suck my nipples. It felt so good and seeing as hoe I hadn't come yet, I couldn't wait to feel him inside of me.. I told Marcus to lie on his back, he promptly complied. I grabbed his cock, sucked it for a bit then slid his dick inside of me as I straddled him. I sat all the way down on him and let his dick go as far in me as possible. I grinded my clit against him as hard as I could and he seemed to enjoy my cum filled pussy sliding back and forth on his meat... I was so wet... I leaned forward to kissed him as passionately as I had Darron while I  worked Marcus' his dick right along my G- Spot.. I loved this feeling so much that I didn't want it to end... I bounced up and down on his long cock more and more vigorously... The harder I bounced, the harder it seemed I would cum... Right before I climaxed I pushed my clit against him as hard as I could. When I reached my orgasm, I let out a loud scream and yelled my husbands name that I'm sure the neighbors could hear... As I continued to work out the last bit of feeling, I heard Marcus say 
"Swallow me" I hurried to  pull his dick out of my pussy and as soon as I placed my lips on the head of his dick, he squirted his cum straight to the back of my mouth. I didn't let a drop of his juice escape un-swallowed. I kept my lips wrapped tighty around his pole til he had spurted out all the nut that  he he could. I squeezed the rest out in order to swallow it as well. At the last minute Anthony came over to the bed... I jumped off of the bed as fast as I possibly could and awaited my hubbys cum as he jerked his cock for me... I got on my knees and opened my mouth wide beneath him, ready to catch every drop of his cum... He shot a huge load all over my face, breast and a little bit in my mouth and I loved it... I then took his cock into my mouth and stroked it until every bit of cum was out of him and he eventually grew soft... By now our guests had gotten dressed and were ready to leave... My hubby thanked them for coming over, and so did I.. This was one of the best nights I have had in a long time... But now I am ready for Anthony to fuck me harder than he ever has before for being a little slut... Our company leaves the house... And Anthony bends me over the foot board.... I can't wait for what happens next... 