Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Three: The Paladin's Passion, Chapter Nine: The Shaman's Task
Summary: A naughty ritual to Vedr is performed while Stefan finds a way to break the curse on him.
Keywords: MMFF HF fantasy magic exhib voy preg gangbang anal

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Leywife Monica  The Mermaid's Tickler

I shivered at the lust in the sailors' eyes as I fell to my knees before Alloria. The sailors of the Mermaid's Tickler were eager to have us participate in the ritual to appease the Goddess Vedr and keep any more storms from pummeling the ship.

I certainly didn't want another terrifying day stuck in my cabin as the entire ship pitched and rolled and tossed. I feared we would die. The Lawbreaker would have escaped justice. He would accomplish his goal of killing Pater. Not just our lives, even the life of my unborn baby, was as important as that.

The death of a God, the Father of All, would be devastating. An inverse miracle. The opposite of something that should be impossible and whose existence gave hope. Despair would fill the world. It was vital we reach Dead Isle and the Black Spire ahead of him. 

We would stop him before he acted.

So if getting fucked by the sailors to give an offering to Vedr was something I had to do, I would do it.

Even if it did make me so wet and eager to enjoy the wonderful body that Pater and his wife, Slata, had gifted me.

My husband fell to his knees behind Alloria. The blue-skinned, Valyan beauty had a huge grin on her face. Black hair fell about her face, her large breasts swaying beneath her. Delight gleamed in her red eyes.

She needed this. The enchantments binding her to Bryce drove them together in wild frenzies of lust. It wasn't as intense as those first days when the enchantment in her pussy combined with the divine collar he tried to put on her to keep her under control after she attacked us. But they still had to come together and satisfy that itch.

It had changed her. Changed them both.

Alloria's eyes widened. A smile spread on her lips as she rocked forward. Bryce grunted and she groaned. Flesh smacked flesh as he buried into her. Alloria's lips pressed on mine, kissing me hard. Her tongue thrust into my mouth as my husbandour husbandfucked into her twat.

Then Captain Artix grabbed my hips. His cock nuzzled into the shaved folds of my pussy. I shuddered at the feel of his cock's thickness. My pregnant pussy craved his cock slamming into me. It would be an incredible delight.

With a groan, he thrust into me. He buried his cock to the hilt in me. I groaned at that wonderful intrusion. My pussy clenched down on his dick. I savored his cock burying deep into me. This wonderful rush shot bliss through me. 

My hips worked in circles, stirring his dick around in me. My cunt drank in that wonderful friction. I whimpered into the kiss with Alloria, our tongues dancing as the captain's balls smacked into my clit.

Sparks flared.

The crew cheered.

They were standing around us as the wind blew us back north to Althis. My pussy clenched around Captain Artix's cock. His thick shaft reached so deep into me at the end of his every plunge, the friction burning through me. 

Gods, yes! groaned the captain. Your wife has a wonderful pussy, Sir Bryce.

Yes, she does! he growled. Just a tight, little slut's cunt, isn't it.

Yes!

I shivered at Bryce's throaty words. I did have a slut's cunt. I had been so willing to embrace monogamy for him, but Alloria had changed everything. I could indulge. I had enjoyed my time on the Mermaid's Tickler, yesterday's storm notwithstanding. My three holes had been stuffed with so many cocks.

I made up for those weeks of monogamy with hedonistic enthusiasm.

I kissed Alloria harder, both of us moaning as the men fucked us. We both whimpered and shuddered, our lips pressing tighter together as we rocked to the rhythm of the cocks plunging into our pussies.

Pleasure rippled through my body. It felt amazing. My pussy clenched down on the captain's cock, his dick filling me up. It was an incredible rapture. I would have such a huge cum on his dick. It would be amazing. I craved it. Ached for it. My pussy clenched tight around his dick. The pressure built and built in me. I came closer and closer to my orgasm.

I moaned into Alloria's kiss. My tongue danced with hers. The captain's cock pounded into me. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved every second of it. I kept undulating my hips. Kept swirling my cunt around his dick, drinking in the friction.

Vedr's queef! the captain moaned, his hands sliding around my body. He gripped the round swell of my belly, my pregnancy just starting to show. That cunt!

I broke the kiss to gasp, I know! Pater's cock, Captain! Stir me up! Make me cum and then dump your offering into my cunt!

Mmm, yes! groaned Alloria. Oh, Bryce, that's it. That cock is going to make me cum. Flood me. Give me your seed!

Brice growled, a throaty sound of pleasure. I glanced up over Alloria's face to see him fucking her hard. Bare-chested, his Lubenite amulet bouncing across his torso. He was so strong. So muscular and powerful. His pale-tan skin so different from the deep azure of the Valyan crew around us, watching, cheering.

Pound them women!

Stir up their cunts to a froth!

Feel 'em with your seed!

M'Lady's tits are swaying!

Cap'n's pounding that pale-skinned beauty hard!

Need to get my dick went 'n 'em!

Their words swept over me. I shuddered, loving every moment of it. My cunt was on fire. I undulated my hips. I stirred them from side to side. I squeezed my cunt around that huge cock plowing into me.

It was amazing. Stupendous. I groaned, clenching down hard. I loved every heartbeat. I shuddered, savoring this pleasure. This wonderful bliss that plowed into me. I groaned as he thrust his cock into me. My orgasm came closer and closer.

Vedr's mighty queef, you got a wonderful pussy, Monica! the captain groaned. His hands slid up from my rounding stomach to my swaying breasts. He grabbed my round tits, squeezing.

Thank you, Captain! I gasped, my pussy melting around his cock. Yes, yes, yes. Pater's cock, I'm going to cum on this dick.

Mmm, I know! Alloria panted. Bryce! Bryce!

Gods damn! snarled our husband, thrusting hard, his handsome face twisting. Let me feel it, Alloria. That pussy! Let me feel that pussy spasming!

Yes! she gasped, her face scrunching up. Gewin's mighty cock!

Her head threw back, black hair flying. Then she howled out in rapture. My cunt clenched down, increasing the friction as I watched the pleasure crossing Alloria's face. The captain groaned, feeling my pussy squeezing about his cock. His hands gripped and kneaded my tits.

He buried hard into me. Deep. He plunged to the hilt in me and growled out in ecstasy. His fingers on my breasts added that tingle of delight that ran right down to my cunt. My pussy swelled with delight. My head shook.

My twin braids of hair spilled off my shoulders and fell around my face as I bucked. My orgasm swelled. The captain drove his cock to the hilt in me. I gasped and exploded. My pussy convulsed around his dick.

Oh, Gods, yes! I moaned, my pregnant twat spasming around his dick.

Vedr's mighty queef! the captain growled and buried in me.

As his cum spurted into me, I heard Bryce groaning, dumping his salty offering into Alloria's pussy. I trembled, my cunt convulsing. My pussy writhed and spasmed around the captain's cock, milking him. 

My lips met Alloria's. We kissed each other with hunger, tongues dueling as our men dumped their jizz in us. I felt every splash on my cervix. I welcomed every one of them. My hips wiggled from side to side, the pleasure blazing through my mind.

Gods, groaned the captain as my pussy wrung him dry. Vedr, accept my offering!

He ripped his cock out of my pussy and someone else took his place. I had no idea which sailor it was. I didn't care. My orgasm still rippled through my body when he plunged his dick into me. He buried deep and hard, slamming to the hilt in me.

I groaned, melting into the delight of his hard cock burying over and over into my pussy. I groaned, savoring the pleasure of it. He pumped away hard, sending a new burst of pleasure rippling through my pregnant twat and out of my body.

Gods damn, Bryce groaned, pulling out of Alloria.

One-eyed Kalith took his place. Alloria squealed as he drove his cock into her cunt. 

We kissed and moaned and were fucked. My pussy clenched down around the cock in me. The sailor grunted as he pounded me, keeping my orgasm alive for a few more glorious moments before it died to a simmering bliss.

And I didn't simmer long. Not with the men around us all eager to dump their seed in our holes and make an offering to Vedr. I quivered there, the seed already flowing down my leg, forced out by his cock. But not all of it.

And he soon offered more.

Then a third sailor was in me, his cock long and thick. He rammed hard in me as Alloria took her next crewmen. They were so enthusiastic, pounding us hard and fast. My pussy squeezed down around the cock fucking me, building me towards another orgasm.

I had so many of them.

The crew all were eager to give their offering to Vedr, to fill our pussies to the brim with their salty seed. My body drank in all the pleasure. I gasped. Moaned. Shuddered. My tits swayed. Some grabbed my braids and others just smacked my ass as they fucked me.

I came and came and came.

My pussy brimmed with their seed. I whimpered and gasped, my hole getting so sensitive from being pounded by six then seven then eight men in a row. I shuddered, my thighs thick with the cum spilling out of me.

They're ready! growled Corix, the first mate.

I gasped as I was picked up. Alloria, too. The captain held her and Corix carried me. I shuddered, clenching my pussy as we were brought to the railing. The blue ocean rolled out there. It stretched for eternity. Nothing was in sight. I gasped as they sat me down on the railing, my legs dangling over the side.

Corix's cock pushed into my butt-crack.

Captain! gasped Alloria, her big breasts jiggling beside me. Ooh, bugger me!

Yes, I squealed as Corix's cock found my asshole. He pressed into my hole, his cock slick and lubed.

My naughty butthole surrendered to his cock. I groaned as his shaft penetrated my anal sheath. His hands grabbed my tits. He squeezed them as the ship rolled and bobbed. I sat on the railing, my pussy aimed out at the ocean.

Masturbate! he growled. Masturbate and cum. Squirt our offering to Vedr.

Yes, yes! I gasped.

Best if it comes from a woman! moaned the captain as he squeezed Alloria's big tits, his darker blue hands on her lighter azure tits. Vedr loves women more than men.

Mmm, yes! Alloria purred.

I thrust my hands between my sides, my shaved pussy lips coated in cum. More coated my legs in a pearly sheen. I found my bud and rubbed it. I gasped at the spark of pleasure that burst from my clit. My asshole clamped down on the cock in me.

Corix fucked me.

He pulled back and thrust back in. Short yet powerful stabs that plunged into my asshole again and again. I groaned, savoring the feel of his cock plowing into me. He fucked me hard. He buried his dick into me. I groaned, loving every second of his dick stimulating my anal sheath.

Corix! I moaned, rubbing my clit. My cunt clenched, squeezing out cum that fell into the sea. Oh, Vedr, yes! We want you to be happy! Take that seed! It was in my pussy!

Yes, yes, yes! Alloria moaned, her large breasts jiggling in the captain's hands.

Corix's fingers slid up my tits. He found my nipples and twisted them. I gasped at that pressure. My asshole squeezed down on his cock. I whimpered and moaned. The heat swelled and swelled in me. I was heading for that huge explosion of rapture.

He pounded me harder, his fingers tweaking my nipples. Sparks flared down to my cunt. I rubbed harder on my clit. I masturbated myself with a frenzy. I groaned, my toes curling as the pleasure swelled and swelled in me.

Oh, yes, Corix! I moaned. Make me cum! I want to squirt out all your offering to Vedr.

Give us gentle seas, Vedr! growled Corix.

Fair weather, great Goddess! gasped the captain, driving his cock into Alloria's asshole.

Yes! I moaned, clenching my bowels around Corix's thick dick.

The friction melted to my cunt. It met the delight thrusting from my clit. I rubbed my bud fast. Hard. I stimulated myself, so eager for that frothy explosion that would burst through me. I whimpered and moaned, my heart pounding in my chest.

My bud throbbed beneath my fingers. I pinched my clit. I gasped. My back arched into Corix's chest. I whimpered. His digits twisted both my nipples. Pleasure jolted down to my pussy. My cunt clenched.

Exploded.

Vedr! I moaned as my pussy convulsed. Squirted. Take our offering!

Pussy juices and cum fired from my cunt and splashed the ocean water. It landed on the waves, a naughty foam. Sparks burst across my eyes. My asshole convulsed as wildly as my gushing twat. My bowels writhed around Corix's cock.

Vedr! Vedr! he moaned and erupted into my asshole.

Gods, yes! gasped Alloria. Vedr, enjoy!

Her pussy squirted. Cum and cream splashed into the water. I gasped and moaned, the pleasure rushing through me. My hands rubbed at my pregnant stomach, massaging my rounded belly as my asshole milked Corix's dick.

My orgasm hit that wonderful peak. I groaned, my toes curling. I bucked the last few times as my climax died down to a simmering bliss. I whimpered and squirmed. I panted, feeling dizzy from the rapture of this moment.

Oh, Vedr, I groaned.

Then singing drifted up from below. I looked down to see a woman's head in the water, blue hair plastered about her head. She had pale skin and big eyes. She smiled up at us as I trembled, my toes curling.

Good sign, breathed Captain Artix. Vedr loves mermaids and undines. They might be Las's daughters, but they dwell in the seas.

I beamed. I could feel it. We had the Goddess's blessing. She wouldn't send any more storms at us. In a few days, we would reach the Dead Isle. The Black Spire would rear up before us. I flexed my fingers. 

This would all soon be over. Then Alloria and I could live our lives with Bryce. I would have my baby. It would be beautiful.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina  River Whisper

The day after the attack by the krakenwhich had been a terrifying experience since I was stuck in a fragile ship underwaterI felt the ship beginning to rise. It shifted up. I sat up from my boredom lying on Stefan's bed. He and his angel were sitting at a table talking about something when their conversation paused.

The ship's hull groaned as the bow pitched upward. I glanced out the window and saw the water lightening. Going from a dark blue to a lighter hue. Strange noises, like the working of bellows, rumbled through the ship. 

About time, I muttered. I was getting a little crazy of listening to the captain fuck your angel all day.

My pussy needed the break, Ahlona said. She's insatiable.

She just wants to enjoy you as much as she can, Stefan said with some amusement. She's about to lose you.

Ahlona smiled. True. She doesn't get to enjoy me for the rest of our lives.

Nope. 

The pair had these look of pure love on their faces. I sighed, looking away. Pain flared in my heart. Barg's face swam in the clicking gears of my mind. I was glad they had their love, but it sucked having to witness it right now. I rubbed at my chest and then stood up.

I wanted out of here.

I paced back and forth as we rose higher and higher. My fingers flexed. We were on the other side of Althis now. We had sailed far under the sea. I hoped this put us ahead of Sir Limpdick. I wanted to be there waiting for him to show up at the Black Spire and stab Dauthaz's dagger into the cock-sucker's back.

Gods, that would be satisfying.

I hoped the detour to these Ilt savages wouldn't delay us too long. Stefan was confident they could remove the curse on him. Make it so he could actually do something to Bryce. Like bind him up in magic and pin him in place while I killed him. 

To see that helpless fear in Sir Assmunch's eyes when I slowly pushed the tip of the dagger into his chest and found his heart...

It would be magical.

Water splashed. I glanced at the porthole to see it running down. And then there were skies. I groaned and darted for the door. I burst out into the hallway, my toga rustling around my body. I rushed up to the water lock. The door opened with ease. I slammed through the second and stepped onto the deck of the River Whisper.

We were wonderfully above the waves.

Water dripped everywhere. The crew of nixies worked on the rigging to lower the sails woven of waxy kelp that they used beneath the waves. I stretched my back, feeling the wind on my face, breathing it in.

Land passed us on the right side. It was a dark smear on the horizon. A cloud parted and sunlight fell on me. I groaned, my nervous system drinking in the warmth. My gears clicked faster. It had been three days in those cramped cabins.

I never wanted to sail on a nixie ship again.

Soon as the wind sails are raised, we'll be heading into Noliana Bay, said Captain Azure from the stern deck.

I nodded, picturing my geography. That meant the Dead Isle was almost due north of us. A blighted land of the undead. A place of harrowing death and home to the Black Spire, a peak thrusting out over Dire Bay. It was said an oracle known as the Whisper lived on the island. She could accurately predict the future better than any of her sisters.

Only a madman would go and visit her. Would set foot on the Dead Isle.

What did that say about me?

A vicious grin spread on my lips. That I would see Sir Shrunkentesticles dead no matter what it would take.

I stretched my back and watched them change the sails. Soon, the canvas ones were up and they were billowing in the wind. We were sailing north once more. The land slid by us. Soon we would kill that bastard. And it would be glorious.

I hummed as the Mermaid's Tickler plowed through the waves. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian

I could feel the dark shadow north of us.

Dead Isle lay over the horizon, but I could feel the Black Spire tugging at me. Almost like the thread of my life being woven by the three norns pulled on me, dragging me towards my destiny. It felt wrong that we sailed east now into Noliana Bay.

But I had to find a shaman. If Bryce's Gods damn spell wasn't released from me, he could inflict debilitating pain on me. What good would my magic be then if I lay on the ground a crippled unable to do anything against him?

I turned my gaze from the north to the shore sliding by to the south. The day was waning, the sun drifting lower and lower on the horizon. The grasslands of Ilt, home of a federation of barbaric tribes who rejected civilization, spread out towards the eastern horizon. Sandy beaches led to berms covered in the deep-green grass. It rippled in the wind like waves of a different sort of sea than the one the River Whisper sailed through.

Shouts came from the front of the ship. The nixie lookouts had spotted something. I glanced in that direction and noticed smoke rising up in the air. Many tendrils of it. My heart unclenched. An Ilt village. They were said to have them along the bay, using the rich waters for fishing.

Yes, yes, yes! Ahlona moaned, the slap of flesh on flesh echoing.

Captain, you'll need to wrap that up, I said.

Matar's cock! Azure moaned, her hermaphrodite-cock pounding over and over into my Angel's pussy. She'd been fucking her for the last two hours since the ship surfaced. I'm almost there. Oh, Gods, yes, this pussy.

Azure! Azure! Ahlona moaned, her halo bursting with golden light. It shone from her as she had another orgasm.

I shook my head. I had never realized how sex-obsessed nixies could get. She had stamina. I could probably fuck Ahlona like that for hours, but we didn't have to squeeze all our passion into such a short time. We had our lives together.

Assuming we could kill Bryce before he reached the Black Spire.

It pulled harder at me. We were so close and now moved farther and farther away. What if he was already there? What if he were threatening Pater's life? Monica's? He had dragged the pregnant woman out here for a reason. He needed her unborn baby. That thought had grown on me in the last few days. He had put his plan into action now because another woman was pregnant with his child.

Matar's big dick and juicy pussy! Azure howled.

Creation's passion! my angel moaned. Yes, yes, yes, Captain!

They heaved together. My dick twitched. They had fucked so much that it wasn't even exciting to me. I heard them panting and then the captain pulled out. She started shouting orders, getting the ship ready to put us to shore.

Ahlona padded to me, her face flushed, her diamond-bright eyes glossy. In a flash of gold, her chastity belt appeared for the first time since we'd boarded the ship. She grabbed my arm and snuggled up against me.

I'll be glad to be away from her, moaned Ahlona. Her hand slid down my robe and inside to stroke my cock. I'd rather you were fucking me so much.

I'm starting to think we overpaid, I said. You're pussy is worth way more than this transport.

Oh? She pumped her hand faster on my cock. I hardened beneath her grip. What's my pussy worth?

It's priceless. It's not something you can buy. Like a beautiful sunset or watching a falling star zip across the sky. Witnessing the first flower of spring opening up and gracing the world with its color.

She nuzzled in and kissed at my cheek. I love you, Stefan.

I smiled. I love you, too.

I turned my head and kissed her as the captain shouted more orders. The ship slowed. I groaned and looked up to see the village come into view. It was a collection of yurtslarge dome frames covered in hides stretched tight and knotted in place. They had conical roofs with holes in the middle the let smoke drift out. A large fire burned in the center. Drums pounded. Already, men were rushing up, bare-chested. They had the coloring of the Atholosian to the north. The same reddish skin and silver or golden hair. They didn't have as much red as a Thlinian. This was a more subdued shade. They wore loincloths or buckskin pants, the women in wraps that clung to their bodies. Some showed their breasts, others didn't. They wore feathers or bones in their hair. Spears had stone tips. The men watched us with flat faces as we came to a stop.

They don't look friendly, muttered Ahlona. Are we sure this is a good idea?

It's the only option we have, I said. If they won't help us, then I won't be able to help you and Illina face Bryce.

He will not defeat me, my angel said with fierceness. My blade would carve through his armor and ram through his black heart. Her halo blazed to life. He will never get to hurt another after I am done.

He's dangerous, I said. He's planned for this. He knows our capabilities. It would be a mistake to think he's not ready for us.

He thinks you and Illina are dead.

But he knows you're not. I shook my head as a longboat was being lowered over the side. We need every advantage.

They look super friendly, Illina called from the railing where they lowered the boat. Are they going to shove those spears up our asses?

I glanced at Illina, her red hair flowing about her hair. She wore a toga, her dagger sheathed at her waist. She had an eager look on her face, her hand resting on the pommel. Did she want to test the legends on her dagger?

I have my magic, I said, vials of pussy juices gathered from Azure, Ahlona, and Illina in my pouch. Surprisingly, Illina's was good for working earth magic. Maybe it came from the clockwork parts that were integrated with her living flesh.

Good enough, Illina said and then leaped over the side and landed in the boat with lithe grace. 

Ahlona flapped her wings and descended to the ship while I climbed down the rope ladder with the rest of the crew. The nixies took the oars while my angel stood at the prow like she would single-handily defend me.

Two figures approached the warriors as we rowed closer. Both had the look of leaders of some importance. One was a middle-aged man who stopped at the shore, arms folded across his chest. He had a bluff face. He didn't look weak, all muscle and strength. A man who still fought despite being in his forties. Deep lines spread across his forehead and from his eyes, his face weathered by years ofD living outdoors. 

No, those weren't lines. He had a tattoo inked on his forehead.

The woman beside him was even older. She held a totemic staff in hand. I could see the carvings on it. Shamanism was an older form of magic, primitive compared to magery. They controlled elemental beings, spirits of earth, air, wind, and fire. Mages seized the very threads of those power, bypassing using intermediates. It meant our magic was more subtle. Capable of greater finesse, but there were things shamans could do, ritualistic magics that worked as much on belief, like a cleric's or paladin's powers, than on pure arcane manipulation.

The old woman's golden hair was streaked with gray. Her face held deep crags and sagged in places, but she still stood with a straight back despite her years. Faded lines of black were tattooed across her face, giving her a fearsome look. It was made all the more intense by the hard yellow of her eyes.

The longboat ran aground on the sandy beach a moment later. Ahlona hopped out, standing fierce. I jumped out after, my blue robes fluttering around my feet. The surf washed over my shoes, soaking the leather. Then Illina hopped out, a big grin on her face.

You walk on Talithi Lands, said the headman. Do you come offering the peace stick or the war?

Peace, I said, not exactly sure what that meant. I come seeking the aide of your shaman to break a curse. I am a Mage of Thosi. I can work feats of magic as a gift for the generosity of your shaman's skill.

The headman didn't answer. The shaman clutched her staff. The runes in it glowed. I felt the air whispering around me. She gave a loud cackle. The bitch has you chained. Lagu thinks she defines right and wrong. That her will can shackle a man or set him free. She is arrogant. All the Gods are, but she numbers among the worst.

The headman spat. 

Did they hate the gods?

Couldn't agree more, said Illina. Lagu's such a bore. Do this, do that, don't do that, that's bad. Blah, blah, blah. Makes me just want to break all her dumb rules.

The headman's lips parted for her words.

You are truly a Mage of Thosi? the shaman asked, her eyes peering at me. They were like a hawk's. In fact, her tattoo made her face appear hawkish, the lines turning her bold nose into a more of a beak. The semblance of feathers spreading across her forehead. 

I am, I said. Do you wish a demonstration?

She glanced at the headman.

He stinks of Chevsa to me, the man growled.

My back tightened. In the middle of Noliana bay was an island. Chevsa. It was a home to warlocks. Hundreds of years ago, a cabal of reneged mages, those who had broken the Collegiate Tower's rules and had been declared criminals, had retreated to the distant island. They had created a fortress and worked dark rituals. I had heard they made monsters and schemed. I remember the mages debating going to Chevsa and cleaning them out when I had first arrived.

It was an old debate. One that always ended with the cost. The warlocks must have apprentices, passing on their knowledge. If they weren't so far from civilization, they might have been taken more seriously. But so long as they didn't make the Collegiate Tower look bad, the price of cleansing them was never seen as worth it.

I'm no black-hearted warlock, I declared. I have trained at the Collegiate Tower and have never violated their precepts.

How else did he win my love? Ahlona asked.

Servant of the venal gods, the shaman spat. We know of your kind, Angel. Are you Slata's whore or Pater's bitch?

Neither! Ahlona's golden halo grew brighter. Stefan Halian, the mage before you, holds the key to my chastity belt. I serve him and no other.

The wind rushing around me suddenly shot beneath my robe. I gasped at the feel of it caressing over my dick. The shaman's smiled. I can feel the prowess that tamed the angel's cunt.

Her heart, I groaned as her air elemental caressed my dick.

How else do you do that but through leashing her pleasure? The old woman glanced at the headman. I can remove his curse.

And the, eh, gift? I asked. I had heard the Iltians did not like the idea of selling their services. They saw things as gifts. Obligations satisfied. 

No gift, the shaman said. 

The headman gave her a sharp look. She didn't relent. He then glanced back. Be welcome, Steven of Halian. I am Ko'van, Headman of the Talithi of the People of Ilt.

Yes, yes, be welcome, said the shaman. I am Ayniala of the Hawk's Piercing Eyes. Come, come, we must talk of what I need for the ritual.

Ritual? I asked as she turned and headed into the village.

You wish me to sever a goddess's leash upon you. That is no easy feat. Before you can do that, there are things you must do. And you must be readied for the challenge that lies before you.

Challenge? muttered Illina. We're on a schedule. Sir Maggotbrain might already be at the Black Spire.

I have my magic, I said with confidence. I'm Pater's

I'd leave that out, Illina whispered, a big smile on her lips.

Right, right, I said, flushing with embarrassment. 

We followed the shaman and the headman past the spearmen. The warriors of the village stared at us with the same suspicious eyes. Beyond them, their women studied us between gaps in the men. Their expressions were as hard to read as the men. Many had tattoos on faces and breasts, stylized depiction of animals that could be hard to understand just what they were portraying. The women wore their hair long and straight while the men had theirs cut short, some even spiking it up somehow. The men often had bone earrings, giving them savage looks. Beside their spears, they held clubs of carved wood with rounded stones topping them. 

They looked primitive and effective all at the same time.

The shaman led us to a large yurt at the center of the village. The flap was thrown back. Inside, a young woman tended a fire, appearing to cook on it. She had meat roasting directly on the coals. A bladder, made from some animal's stomach, seemed to hold a stew. She carefully picked up a hot rock with a pair of sticks and dropped it in.

The soup hissed and began to boil. 

Smells delicious, Aluimana, the shaman said and sank down nearby it. She motioned before her.

I sank down into a cross-legged sit, Ahlona kneeling beside me. Illina sprawled on her side, reclining with her bent arm supporting her head. She had a big grin on her face as she stared at the sizzling meat.

We hadn't eaten anything but raw, pickled fish in days. The scent of the cooking steaks filled my mouth with saliva. My stomach gave a noticeable rumble that the shaman ignored. She looked at us, a smile playing on her lips as she stared at Illina.

Most civilized folks act like they have a stiff trunk of oak for a spine. Unable to bend. But you have a willow.

I am flexible, Illina said.

You spoke of a task? I said.

The shaman snapped her gaze to me, eyes hardening. You will need the heart of Grandmother Shark if you wish to be free.

Grandmother Shark? I asked.

There, in the bay, is a fearsome monster. A great grandmother of a shark. The oldest, meanest bitch that swims in those waters. She is large and can swallow whole dugouts in a single bite. She has grown fearsome. Dangerous. Her heart has grown heavy. It is perfect for what we need.

Okay, I said, nodding my head. I can kill a shark. That shouldn't be a problem at all.

No, not for one with your blood, she said. We in Ilt do not blame the child for the father's sins. Nor the mother's. You are not one of the arrogant gods.

She would get along great with Bryce. My hands clenched.

Do my words anger you? she demanded. Does me calling your god a pathetic beast who thinks with his cock and not his brain offend your delicate sensibilities? Pater is a slave to rutting and excess who cares for little else than fathering children. He certainly doesn't care about raising his progeny, does he?

My cheeks warmed. My anger isn't at you. It's at another.

The shaman peered closer. Ah... A noble calling. Vengeance. The only true justice in the world. Avenging yourself against those who have wronged you. Only the victim can know how much they are hurt and how much the criminal should suffer. I wish you well in that.

My brow tightened. Those were terrible sentiments. If society worked like that, it would be anarchy. I wanted to object, to point out how such a system only led to more vengeance being taken, an endless spiral of wrongs being redressed until everyone is beaten and bloody.

Or dead.

I want more than vengeance, I said. He needs to be stopped.

She waved a hand. Your business. If you wish to have the curse broken, then bring Grandmother Shark's heart. Then the ritual can be performed.

Okay, Stefan said. So we just go out into the bay?

Yes, yes, we shall provide you with a dugout, said the woman. Take only those you trust. Those who can fight. Your angel, I presume.

I will not be left behind this time, Ahlona said with such fierceness in her voice.

No, I do not imagine you will be. The shaman turned her head. And you?

Why not, Illina said and sat up. The sooner his curse is removed, the sooner we can get to that vengeance part. I'm looking forward to it.

My sympathy for the loss of your man, the shaman said. I can see the ferocity of your love. He must have been a good man.

The best, Illina hissed. And that limp-dick, piss-drinking bastard is going to pay for murdering him.

The shaman nodded. Then she turned to the girl tending the fire. The shark teeth medallions.

The girl gave a sharp look at us. Her brow furrowed like that offended her. Then she rose and headed to the back. She opened a chest made of wicker. She rummaged around it in and then returned with three necklaces of shark teeth threaded on a cord of rawhide.

These are enchanted by air elementals, the shaman said. They shall let you breathe under the water. You will need it when Grandmother Shark comes for you.

They will not return, the girl said as she turned to go back to the fire. It is a waste to lose those amulets.

The shaman waved a hand. Never mind her. She lost her lover to Grandmother Shark. She is still bitter, though it has been two years of mooning over the dead.

The girl sniffed and flipped the steaks. Maybe I'll moon so much, you'll only have charcoal for your supper, eh?

And hurt what few teeth I have remaining! Vile girl! Why did your mother have to mate with your father and bring your spite into this world?

The girl spat on the steak. She wanted to escape you.

That she did. The shaman sighed. Then she turned. Why are you still here? Go, go. Your quest is important. You must find Grandmother Shark and quickly.

I sighed. After the girl spat on the steaks, I was less inclined to eat them.

Ahlona rose with grace as the shaman and her granddaughter began bickering some more, trading barbs. The three of us headed outside. A young warrior waited for us at a squat. He rose and nodded his head.

The nixies had returned to their ship. Lights glowed from it. The sun was almost set now, twilight stretching over the world. The shadow of the River Whisper stretched out over the rolling waters of the bay. The tide appeared to be going out. Already, more of the beach was exposed, revealing a muddier stretch full of puddles.

Something moved in one.

A dugout canoe, looking formed of a single tree trunk, lay in the middle. It had been shaped and polished into a sleek shape and then painted all black save for two white eyes at the front. Boards had been pushed into the widened hull for sitting on. Three oars lay inside. 

My best dugout, he said, shaking his head.

We'll bring it back, I told the man, clapping my hand on his shoulder.

No, you will not. He glanced out at the water. Paddle out to the deeps. She doesn't come into the shallows, which is good for our ship. She would gobble it whole.

It survived a kraken, I said. I doubt a shark could do anything worse.

The man spat and then whirled around.

Well, let's get this over with, Illina said. I've never stolen a shark's heart.

If you kill your victim, is it really stealing?

Of course. Theft is theft. What does murder have to do with it? Illina then unwound her toga and dropped it on the beach well above the tide line. She glanced at the warrior, unconcerned about her nudity. Make sure that's there when I come back. She wrapped the belt with the dagger around her nude waist. I won't be pleased if it's gone.

The warrior nodded.

I grabbed the end of the dugout. The two women grabbed the sides. We pushed it out into the black waters. Illina and Ahlona hopped in first. The water soaked the lower half of my robes. They clung to my legs as I climbed in and settled on the backbench. The narrow canoe rocked for a moment, the motion unsettling.

Then we paddled.

It took us a bit of coordination to figure it out. None of us had ever paddled a canoe. It didn't want to go in a straight line, but I quickly found I could change its direction from the back based on what side I paddled from.

The sky bled to a dark wine as the sun vanished. The stairs twinkled into view. The vast swath of Las's Cum streaked across the sky, the band of milky stars so dense they formed a blur. Maybe it truly was his ejaculate that had forever stained the sky. Falling stars were said to be his cum raining back to earth and creating new life.

Biaute's constellation looked about to dip her toes into the sky river of cum. Gewin stood proud, and I could see Lagu and her scroll writ with her laws of the universe. She stood by her husband, Dauthaz. It was too early in the year for their daughter, Iustia, to appear. Nor was Lagu's bastard daughter, Cernere, insight. The Goddess of Crime lurked beyond the horizon.

We kept paddling further and further into the bay. The light from the village dwindled behind us, growing ever smaller every time I looked back. The darkness swallowed the lights from the River Whisper, too.

Night deepened as we headed into the middle of the bay. The water grew choppier out here. The dugout bit into the swells. They rose up and down beneath us. My heart rose and fell with each one. Soon, I stopped rowing.

Should we chum the waters? Illina asked. I think that's how you hunt for sharks.

Chum? I asked. That word sounded disgusting.

Yeah, throw out bits of torn-up fish. You know, add blood to the water. Sharks like blood. Don't they?

I suppose. They're the wolves of the sea. 

I could cut my hand and bleed into the water, Ahlona suggested. I heal fast.

No, I said flatly. The boat rose on a sudden swell. My stomach lurched. We're not going to do that. I grabbed a vial. I'll put senses into the water and see if I can't find this shark. If she's as big as they say, she should be easy.

I pulled out Azure's sweet pussy cream. I wanted something good working with water. I downed it as another swell rippled under us. I drank down all the delicious juices, still warm and fresh. I smacked my lips in appreciation.

Magic brimmed in me.

I sent out tendrils of water and fashioned it into a net. I thrust it out into the water below us, spreading it wide to sweep over and detect anything in it. I closed my eyes, letting the world fade from my awareness as I plunged it towards the bottom.

Almost immediately, I swept over something large. Something that fuzzed the ends of my net. It dissolved. I frowned at that. My spell just fizzled when it touched something in the water. I stared down at the black surface.

We rose on a swell that wasn't a wave this time. My stomach lurched as the bay beneath our boat pushed upward. A shadow moved in the dark water. Before I could shout a warning, jaws burst out of the surface and slammed shut on the hull of our dugout.

The wood cracked and split. Ahlona's wings flapped wide. She leaped up in the air as the massive shark maw closed around the part of the canoe she sat in. It ripped the ship in half. The back end with me in it shot free and then immediately started to sink.

The surface boiled with foam and shards of wood. The massive shark vanished beneath the waves, taking the middle of our boat with it. Illina was on the bow, standing up and staring down at her sinking half.

It's coming back up! Ahlona shouted and her flaming sword appeared.

To be continued...
