Drunk at the Beach

I have been married to my cute little wife for 7 years. We were married right out of high school when we were both 18. I played on the basketball team and she was one of the girls in the dance group that danced at half time. She is a little blonde, about 120 lbs, and very cute with a great personality. We were both each others first and hit it off right from the start. We dated for about six months before I finally got in her pants. She was always a little prudish until one night we went to a party at a friends house. We started drinking and this was when I found out how quick it was for her to get drunk. Within an hour my little prudish blonde was totally drunk and just about ready to pass out. I also noticed something else about her, when she was drunk, she did about whatever you asked of her. This was the night I STOLE her cherry. She didn’t put of much of a fight like she normally would and after the party I took her home and we made love for the first time.
The next day she knew we had made love but didnt remember alot of other details about the night. I then learned a great lesson, if I want my way, feed her drinks. To make sure this was no fluke, about two weeks later I took her out and kept feeding her beers all thru the night. Sure enough, about about 2 hours of beer drinking, she was drunk as could be. Again, she went along with everything I said and I again took her to my house and had a great time with her.  Within six months, we were married and I didnt really need to ply her with alcohol anymore. She was not big on going out and drinking but every now and then she would.
It’s now about 7 years later and my wife is still super cute for being 25. She was down because tomorrow was her birthday and she would be 26. She thought she was getting old and it was making her feel very down. I said lets go out shopping and buy you some fun clothes to make you feel young again. We hoped in the car and headed down to the mall. While my wife was searching thru all the skirts, shirts, tops and things, I went over to one of the bathing suit stores that was geared for the young crowd. I looked over all their bikini’s and found exactly what I was looking for. I was a tiny little string bikini.  It didnt hide alot. It had a little triangle patch in the front and everywhere else was just string. The strap up the back was like shoe string. It tied on the sides with string. The top was a little better with two larger pieces of cloth held together with string. I knew my wife wouldnt normally wear this but I went ahead and bought it.  It seems the smaller the suit, the more it cost. This was over $50.00 for this little piece of material.
I took the suit quickly out to the car and put it in the trunk.  Then I headed back in the mall and found my wife. She had bought a nice little skirt and shirt outfit and was ready to go home. I didnt tell her about the suit I bought for her. For the next week I thought about how I could get my wife to wear this suit. I was about to just give it to her and see what her reaction would be. Then the phone rang and it was her mother inviting us out to an early breakfast sunday morning. We were going to go over to her house and have breakfast then come back home. The last time we had a big breakfast at her mothers house, my wife had come back a little tipsy because her mom loved mamosa’s. Champaine and orange juice. This got me thinking. My plan was now about complete.
On saturday, I bought some extra champaine and orange juice.  I wanted to make sure there was plenty there for sunday. Then I packed up our beach gear and put it in the car. On sunday, we went over to her mom’s house as planned. Sure enought, she started serving mamosa’s. I took some too this time but everytime my wifes glass got low, I would pour some of mine into her’s and then refill mine. I was hardly drinking any and my wife and her mom were going thru the boose. Sure enough they ran out of champaine so I went out to the car and brought in my stash. They continued to make the drinks and they finally servered breakfast. All during breakfast we kept talking and I made sure my wife’s glass was always full. She mentioned it but I said what the heck, we have no place to go today anyway.  She agreed and kept on drinking. We stayed for about another 2 hours after breakfast was done. It was now around noon and my wife and mother inlaw were feeling no pain. In fact, my wife was wasted as I hoped she would be.
We said goodbye and I told my mom-inlaw I was taking her daughter home for the rest of the day. She said that was good. I did take her home but it was only for a few minutes. We got home and I told my wife we were going to head to the beach for the afternoon. She said she really didnt feel like it, she just wanted to lay down. I told her she could lay down at the beach and rest or sleep. I knew in her condition she would agree with about anything so she said ok. I went and got her new suit and helped her get undressed. I had her lay on the bed naked and within a minutes she was passed out. I put on her new bikini and boy was it small. It barely covered her pussy. My wife kept her pussy shaved except for a small little patch at the top of her cunt. She did this mainly for me as I liked look. After I got her suit on her, I quickly put her little dress on that she always wore over her bikini and then woke her up.
I helped my wife out to the car and she mentioned that noticed that this was not her normal bikini. I told her I had bought her a new one that would let her get more sun and help tan her body better.  She as of yet did not know how small it really was. I told her she could check it out when we got to the beach. She was asleep within a minute or two of sitting in the car seat. I got to the beach and parked where I knew all the younger (15 to 25) crowd liked to go.  I got out, got our blankets then went around and opened my wifes car door. I woke her up and helped her out of the car. I took her down and found a nice place just a little bit away from all the people. Not much, about 100 or 200 feet from the big crowd. I layed our blanket down, the sat my wife down. I made a little pillow out of my shirt for her and told her to lay down. I asked her to lay on her stomach and I would put suntan lotion on her legs and back.
Within a couple minutes my wife was out cold again. She still had her little short slip on dress that she always uses to cover herself up until she gets down to the beach. The good thing was this dress buttoned up the side. Usually she would just pull it over her head, but it was also made to unbutton down the side.I started to unbutton the dress. When it was totally unbuttoned, I pulled one side over, removed her arm from it, continued to pull it around her and removed her other arm from it, then I just slide it from under her. She never really moved a muscle. And she didnt really know what she had on under her dress. She never did really look. Now with her dress off, all that showed on her backside was a string disappearing into her butt crack and a string across her back holding her top on. She was really hot. I got a huge stiff erection just looking at her.  I got the baby oil and started rubbing it in all over her back and legs.  I also generously rubbed the lotion into her ass cheeks. It was as if she was her with no bottoms on. After I got the lotion on her I got up and went down to wash my hands off in the ocean water. When I looked back up at her, it was if she was naked on the beach. The little patch between her legs was hiding her cunt, but that was about all that was hidden. I decided to splash in the water and watch what would happen when people went by. Two girls and two young boys walked by and the boys pointed right away to my wife. The girls just sort of stared, but the boys changed their paths of walking so they would walk closer to my wife. They didnt stop but they kept their eyes on my wife as long as they could.
When they finally got about 200 feet away I walked back to where my wife was. She was sound asleep. Passed out cold. I was so hard it was hurting. I got the bottle of baby oil and decided to put another coat on my wife. Where else could I rub my wifes butt in public and get away with it. While I was rubbing oil on my wifes cheeks, my fingers slipped down lower and thats when I noiced the bathing suit was somewhat adjustable. I could pull back on the stings and the cloth material would come back and cover a little more of her butt, or I could pull more on the front strings on her bikini and the little patch triangle would move forward. Well the more I pulled on the front strings, the less it covered of her bottom. As I contined to pull I could start to see the bottom of her cunt where it met her butt. I slowly continued to pull and to my surprise the material kept going forward and now I could see my wifes entire cunt slit. It looked like she didnt have anything on at all. You could see the string going up the crack of her ass, but it disappeared into her ass and then to my surprise, has disappeared into her pussy cunt crack.
I quit pulling on the front strings and sat back in amazement.  My wife was a good as totally nude on a public beach. I took the oil bottle and generously rubbed the oil all around my wifes cunt. It now glowed of juices in the sun. I reached in the bag of beach stuff I brought and pulled out the video camera. I started filming right away.  I had to get more so I got up and walked down to the water and kept filming. It looked exactly as if my wife was nude on the beach. You could make out her cunt perfectly. While I was filming, I was too busy to notice the boys coming back up the beach again. This time there were about six of them. The same two that had walked by before but they had brought four of their buddies. I wasnt sure what to do but my excitement got the better of me and I stayed there at the water and kept filming.  The boys got closer and closer. At first they must have thought she still was covered with her bikini. Then one of them noticed, he pointed and all the guys stopped. They just kept stareing. Then they made the decision to move closer. They walked up behind her and just stared at her open and wet pussy.They looked around and saw me filming but didnt say a word.  They just stood there and stared. Then one of the sat down at the end of her feet and eyed her even closer. I kept filming and watching what would happen. The other five were laughing and they too sat down at the end of her feet. They would every now and then look back at me but they mostly kept looking my wifes wife clean shaven cunt.
Then it happened, on of the boys tapped my wife on the leg to get her attention. This shocked me and I was about to run up and ask them to leave. But he tapped on her leg again and she didnt move. He looked back at me then he slowly rubbed his hand from her ankles and started sliding them up her leg. She didnt move, and even worse, neither did I. I was in total excitement. I know I should go tell the boys to leave but at the same time the excitement of not knowing what would happen kept me where I was. I saw the boy shake my wifes leg a litte but she didnt move or say a word. I suppose he took this as a go ahead. My wife was in the usual position, she was on her stomach and her legs were spread about a 18 inches apart. One of the boys reached down and lifted one of her legs and pulled it further apart. Then the boy that was sitting between her legs got the ideal and he spread them both as far as they would go. Now instead of looking like a person just sunbathing, my wifes leg were three feet apart and it split her cunt wide open.
Of course I was filming the whole thing. Then I saw one of the boys hold something in front of his face. I couldnt tell what it was but he kept holding it in front of his face. Not until he had the other five boys stand next to my naked wife and he put the object back up to his face did I realize it was a camera. The boy was taking nude pictures of my wife with all the other boys in the picture. I saw the boy walk to her side and take a couple pictures of her face as she was laying there sleeping. I decided it was time to halt things so I turned off the vcr camera and started walking out of the water.  The boys saw me and they all got up and started walking back down the beach from where they had come from. I couldnt beleive what I had just done but boy what a rush. My dick was as hard as it had been in many years. I got back to where my wife was, put the camera back in the bag, then got my wife back into a normal position. I got her thong put back in place and then woke my wife up.
It took me about 5 minutes to get her up and her little dress back on her.
I helped her back to the car, then we went home.
At home I helped my wife into bed, it was only around 4 pm. Then I went in the living room and put the tape in the vcr player. After rewinding it I watched the tape which lasted about 10 minutes. It was sooooo hot to watch.  I couldnt beleive how bold the young boys were. After watching the tape three or four times, I had to get some releif so I walked into the bedroom where my cute little wife was sleeping. I pulled back the covers and looked at my wifes freshly shaven pussy. I licked my lips and slowly started licking the the sweet, young crack of her cunt. Within a minute her pussy was so wet it was leaving puddles on the bed. I pulled my wife so her legs were laying off the side of the bed. I pulled her legs over my shoulders and while I was standing I slide my dick into her. I was so hot, she was so hot, it hadn’t felt this good in a long time. I slid in and out about 20 times before I shot a load deep into her unprotected cunt. Usually I would pull out or wear a rubber but there was no way I was coming out of her this time. I only hope it was a safe time of the month. After I finished I cleaned her up and put her back into bed.
I hid the tape because I would NEVER want her to find it. Then I started planning my next encounter. After today I knew I had to have more. I wanted to try something different next time but I didnt know where to take her. I looked thru all the papers and checked out many places that I could take her. I just wasnt sure where she would fit in if she was passed out. Then it hit me.
There was a great little country western bar where every saturday night they had live bands and the place would be packed. At least 400 people would pack the place and they had great little booths you could sit out. I decided this would be my next adventure with her. I now had to figure out the advanced plans. My mind started racing and within an hour I had the whole night planned.
First, buy her a new outfit, very short, very sexy. Then, new shoes to go with the outfit. Must be very high heeled, very sexy. Finally, how to get her drunk before I take her out. She wouldnt wear the outfit I would pick if she wasnt drunk before I got her dressed. This part I would have to work on. Plus, she didnt like to drink very often so I figure an adventure like this once a month would be very reasonable. So this gave me about 30 days to buy everything and set the next session up.
About a week had gone by and I had all the things needed. I bought her a very short skirt, nice high heels with about a 4 inch heel. Some black fishnets that were very sheer. And I bought a pair of lacy black underwear. What was special was the underwear had about 8 snaps on them. When snapped together they looked like normal underwear, but when you unsnapped the snaps, they split wide open. It was like you weren’t wearing any underwear. This would be perfect as I could get my wife into them without her thinking anything suspicous, then unsnap then at the right time. I even went one saturday night to the western bar to check things out.
Sure enough, around 11pm things started to get wild and it would be the perfect place to take.  It had been about 2 weeks since I had taken her to the beach and as I left to go to work this morning, there was an envelope on my car windshield.
I opened it and dropped dead in my tracks. There were about 5 pictures of my wife printer on computer paper and it was from when she was at the beach. A couple were shots of her face and the rest were all shots from between her legs. Also, anytime one of the guys were in the picture, his face was erased so you couldnt see who it was. A note was also in the pacakage. It was about one full page long.
I started reading the note. It said how nice it was to put a show on for them.
They liked it so much they wanted another one. They had one of the guys leave when we did and he stayed way behind and followed us to our home. Now they wanted a repeat or some of these photos could end up in my wife’s hand or even worse, on the internet for everyone to see. They must have thought this out for a while because they had everything planned to the smallest detail. Today was wednesday, on sunday they wanted me to take my wife to the beach again, in the same outfit, but to a different location.
They wanted me to take her about 4 miles further down the beach. We had been there before but the beach wasnt as nice and not many people used that area. I was to have her there by 2pm or the pictures would be mailed out. Also, they wanted her to be in the same condition she was in last time. They dont know what that was but they wanted her to be in that conditon. The last note said after I layed her out on the towel, I was to walk down the beach about 1 mile. I would still be able to barely see my wife but it would take me a while to get back to her. I turned the paper over and on the back was a map of where they wanted my wife, and another warning. If she is not there and you do not walk away down the beach, we will send the pictures.
If you do as we tell you, we will leave all the pictures next to your wife as we leave.
I was sick to my stomach. I drove awhile then called into work and said I wouldnt be in today. I thought about calling the police, but I would be in just as much trouble with the wife if I did that. I thought about not going but then what if they did post the pictures or give copies to my wife and friends? Now I know what true blacmail is, they have you and you know it. I was going to have to do what they wanted. I had to figure out how to get my wife to the beach where they wanted. I stayed out most the day trying to figure out what to do. When I got home I gave my mother inlaw a quick call and told her how much I enjoyed the breakfast with her a couple weeks ago and we should do it again. This time at our house. She liked the ideal and agreed to come over around 9am this sunday. I went and told my wife that her mom would be over for breakfast sunday and she was really happy that I asked her.
We went out on saturday and bought everything for the breakfast. I made sure we had ALOT of champaigne for their breakfast drinks.
When sunday arrived I got my wife up around 7:30. While she was cleaning up and getting ready I made the first container of mamosa’s. I made a jug full with them being extra heavy on the champaign side. I took myself and my wife in a glass.
She didnt think we should start so early with mom her but I told her one glass wouldnt kill her. She was slowly drinking her glass and doing work around the house.
Everytime she would set her glass down, I would pour some of mine into hers.  It was like she had a virtual glass. It never got empty. By 9 am when her mom had arrived I had managed to get about two tall full glasses into my wife. I don’t know if she knew it was more than one glass but she never said anything. With her mom here I poured them both glasses and they started to cook. Now that my wife had company, she was drinking the glasses much quicker. Her mom would finish one, so my wife would finish hers, and I would refill both of theirs. By the end of breakfast, my mom and wife had drank down three glasses each. These were not small glasses but the big tall ones. That made about five for my wife and she was starting to feel no pain.
I knew about an hour from now when it kicks in full, she would be wasted.  But I wanted to make sure so I pulled all three of us one more round and said lets go into the living room and chat. We chatted for about 30 minutes then her mom said she had to get goinging. It was about 11:30 now and my wife had only drank about ½ her glass.
After my mom left I got my wifes glass and told her to finish it up so I can wash up the dishes. She didnt want to finish it but I talked her into it and she drank the rest down in two big gulps.
I told her go sit down in front of the TV and I will clean up the kitchen. She liked that alot and I watched as she bumped into the wall trying to get out of the kitchen. She was just about there. I washed up the dishes taking my time to let the alcohol work. When I did go into the living room, it was about 12:15 and sure enough, my wife was passed out of the couch. I ran upstairs, pulled out the hidden beach bag I had packed last night, and brought down my wifes tiny string bikini and her short beach dress. I went down and shook on my wifes shoulders and after a few trys she woke up. I told her we were going to the beach but she didnt want to go.  I let her know that if I could invite her mom over and keep them company, clean the kitchen, then should could at least go to the beach with me for an hour. I told her we would only stay about an hour then she could come home if she wanted. You could tell she didnt really want to go but she said ok. I told her to just lay there and I would get her bikini and beach dress on. She closed her eyes, layed her head back and I started taking her clothes off. When she was totally nude, I grabbed her little string bikini, slipped on the bottoms then the top, then slide her dress down over her. It was hard with her laying down but I got the job done. Then I put everything into the car, came back in, woke her up best I could and helped her to the car.
It was about a 15 minute drive to the beach that they wanted us to go to.
I drove and my wife didnt open her eyes once. When I turned into the beach area I noticed no other cars there. I parked and before I got my wife out, I walked to the beach’s edge and looked around. There was nobody here. I grabbed the blanket, beach bag, etc. and carried them down to the beach. I sat them as far back on the beach as possible. Next I went back to the car, grabbed my video camera out of the car, and placed it down away from my car a little but up on the hilly side of the beach. I put it in a bush and pointed it towards my wife. I adjusted the camera and kept placing things under it until I could zoom in on my wife and get a really clear shot. After I was satisfied with what was in the viewfinder, I press the record key and walked away. I went back down to where the blanket was and looked up to where the camera was hidden. Unless you knew it was there, you wouldnt be able to see it.
Next I went up and opened the car door on my wifes side. She was still passed out. I had to shake her three or four times and I told her we were at the beach. She didnt seem to understand or care so I just helped her out of the car and took her down to the blanket. I looked at my watch, it was exactly 1 pm.
After laying my wife down, I looked around but I could see nobody. This made me feel a little better as I thought maybe they were just pulling a big joke on me.
But I couldnt chance not following their instructions. I layed my wife down, took off her dress but I did not play with the strings on her bikini. They didnt say I had to do anything like that. I left her laying on her back, her feet together, and her string bikini covering up everything so it looked exactly like she was just sun bathing. I started walking down the beach. There was only one way you could walk as the other way was blocked off due to pipes running along the beach.
After I walked about 5 minutes I saw another car pull up on the beach and park next to mine. I slowy kept walking and about 8 young boys got out of the car.
They stayed next to their car and looked down at my wife and watched me.  They must have stayed there for another 5 minutes. I was now about 10 minutes away from my wife. I could still see her but not very well. I watched the boys as they slowly walked down to my wife. One boy stayed up top and pointed in my direction for me to keep on walking. The one boy stayed up there the whole time. I got about 20 minutes down the beach and there was a small sign laying where I couldnt miss it. It said, wait here five minutes, then return to your wife. I did just that and when my five minutes were up, I turned arounded and walked much quicker toward my wife.  It took me about 15 minutes to reach her. I had noticed the boys leave after I was about 10 minutes away, so when they pulled out, I ran at top speed to get to my wife.
To my surprise, when I got there, she was laying exactly as I left her. If didnt look like she had been moved. And there at her feet was a large envelope. I opened it up and there were alot of pictures and a small note. Heres all the pictures like we promised. Thats all it said, nothing else. I went and sat down next to my wife and slowly shook her arm. She didnt awaken right away. It took about a minute then my wife slowly responded. She was still very drunk. I asked her if she was ready to go home and she said yes. I slipped her dress on her, got her to the car then when and got the blanket and everything else. I couldnt wait to get the video camera. I ran over and sure enought it was still there and recording. I turned it off, put it in the trunk, and decided not to watch it till I got my wife home.
After we got home, I put my wife in her bed, and without even undressing her went to get the camera out of the car. I closed the door to the bedroom so my wife couldnt accidentally walk in on me. Then I got the tape out of the video camera and put it in the vcr. I rewound the tape and pressed play. I saw my wife laying there alone on the blanket for about 5 minutes. Then I saw the first of the young boys show up at her side. Before long the tape show about 6 youngs boys between the age of 13 and 20 at her side. Then what happened next made my eyes pop out of my head!
The youngest of the boys, about 13, walked up to my wife and shook her leg. My wife did not respond. He did it twice more and still she didnt stir. Next I saw one of the points and say something and the next thing the young boy did was untie the bottoms the wife was wearing. All they would have had to do was move the material aside but this young boy unties one side then the other side of my wifes string bikini bottoms. Then he lowers the front side of the bikini down and so now she is lying with no bottoms on. I see the boy pull on the bikini bottoms and next thing you know he has them in his hands. My wife doesnt stir and the young boy looks up to the other boys. They something and next thing i see is the boy playing with my wifes cunt. For about a minute he is probing her and playing there. Then I get really scared. They young boy lowers his swim bottoms and out sticks his little hard dick. He has no hair that I can see and his little dick is only about three to four inches long. I watch as the other boys help him down between my wifes legs and the next thing I see is this boy is fucking my wife. My camera didnt have the greatest angle on the event but I could tell he was fucking my wife. I watched as he moved up and down on my wife.  She didnt stir even once. Within about three minutes I saw the boys face contort and the next thing I know he had stopped fucking her. This young boy of 13 or so had just fucked my wife and dumped a load of hot sperm deep in her cunt. I knew for sure this was a bad time because my wife had just had her period about three weeks ago. I always used a rubber after the first week because we didnt want children for quite a while. As all this was running thru my mind I was watching to see what happened next. The oldest boy which looked to be about 20 moved the young boy aside and he too dropped his trunks.
I could tell from even this far away he was no small boy. His dick was hard and about 6 or 7 inches long. He got between my wifes legs and the next thing I know he too is fucking her. Then I notice something I had not noticed before. One of the kids also had a vcr camera and he had been recording the entire scene.  Including me walking way down the beach and the young boy removing my wifes suit. As if I wasnt already worried to death, now I wondered what was going to become of the video. This new boy fucking my wife must have had some experience, because the next thing on the video is him lifting my wifes legs over and behind his neck. Now he is drilling in rather deeply and it only takes another minutes for him to loose his load. I know all this baby making sperm is being driven deep into my wifes cunt. He stays on her another minute then another boy replaces him. This boy is about 15 or 16 and he too fucks my wife. It only takes him about three minutes. He pumps really fast and is done in no time. For some reason the other three boys do not try to take their turn with my wife.
But, three young studs have dumped their baby making come into my wifes unprotected pussy. I know that their sperm is probably as potent as they get. I see one the boys get down and play with my wifes cunt for about a minute. It looks like he puts something in her pussy then the next thing I know they are putting her thong bottoms back on. I then see them straighten her back up like they first saw her and they left.  About ten minutes later I show up and that is when I packed my wife up and took her home.
I turn off the tape and go into the bedroom where my wife is sleeping. I undo the ties on her bikini bottom and pull the bottoms off of her. There is a string coming out of her cunt. I slowly spread her legs and pull on the string. I couldnt beleive it. They had put a tampon in my wife to keep all the sperm in her. When I pulled it out, it came out very very easy. Her cunt must have as slippery as it has ever been.  Remember,there were three sets of young teenage loads inside my wife. As the tampon slide from between my wife it was followed by drip after drip of white cum. I thought it would never stop flowing from out between my wifes legs. I went and got a wash cloth and cleaned her up the best I could.
Everytime I thought she was clean, more come would flush out her cunt lips.  After about 30 minutes no more white fluids was seaping from my wifes lips. I undressed her completely and went in to check on her about every 20 minutes. Each time I went in I would have to clean a little more sperm off her cunt lips. If this much can just leak out, how much was still inside her and splashing her eggs with fresh sperm. There wasnt much I could do except keep cleaning her off. Hopefully she would sleep for a while and give all that sperm a time to drain out. I did stick a pillow under her so that her pussy was point down. This helped the sperm drain a little better from her cunt.
