Victor and Lily use the Master Console for some threesome fun.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 7 (mFf, mff, 1st, interr, mf, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

My next use of the Master Console was to get my teacher Mrs. Whittaker to join Lily and me on the mats in the school's equipment room at lunch. Mrs. W wasn't a hardbody like Lily and her cheerleader friends, but she was the most voluptuous woman I knew, and she held a place of honor as the first woman to ever touch my erect penis.

I made sure to include Lily in my commands to Mrs. W so that the woman didn't ignore her. This strange 'tunnel vision' effect was a bug with the Master Console's control system when the subject's mind fought against the commands they'd been given. The voluptuous brown-haired teacher removed her dress and panties before diving between Lily's toned thighs, which left Mrs. W's shapely behind vulnerable. It looked like my curvy teacher was already wet down there, so I lined my 5 1/2" stiffie up and slid it inside.

Again, I marveled at how each woman's vagina felt different. Mrs. W's insides were warm and welcoming, like...I dunno...fresh oatmeal? What? I'm not a poet.

I thrust into her cushy body as I angled my head to see if I could catch a glimpse of Lily's body as the older woman licked her. Unfortunately, all I could see was my blonde friend looking back at me, motioning for me to focus my attention on the woman I was fucking, not her.

Hmp, fine. I reached around and took a hold of Mrs. W's phenomenal dangling breasts. Goddamn, her areolas were huge on what must have been D-cup or maybe E-cup breasts...or were they DD? I didn't know how the sizes worked; they were just really big. I gripped those massive mammaries and used them for leverage. I felt Mrs. W's insides gripping me tighter, so I seemed to be doing something right.

I could hear Lily's moans, which made my cock twitch. As I continued to thrust into Mrs. W, Lily was getting louder. Finally, I heard her grunt as she orgasmed on the teacher's tongue and it set off my own. "UNHH! Fuuucckk..." I moaned as I blasted Mrs. W's unprotected insides with my first load of the day.

"MMMH!" I heard Mrs. W gasp as she came hard at feeling my cum bathe her insides. Her womanly body gripped my cock, wringing it for all the babymaking sperm that it could give her.

"UNH! Mmh..." I moaned as the last of my semen trickled into the older woman's pussy, and then I pulled out.

"Lemme see! Lemme see..." Lily urged Mrs. W to roll onto her back so that she could gaze down at her. "That's SO nasty...she has one kid already, right?"

"Yeah, I think so," I responded.

Lily saw a runnel of white slipping out of Mrs. W's pussy. "Oh no you don't..." she said, and used her finger to catch that cum and push it back inside Mrs. W, making the older woman gasp.

I shook my head. Jeez, Lily was quite the piece of work. I knew I was in love.

I took a pic of my voluptuous inseminated teacher and sent it to my new buddy Trent.

---

*Very nice!* Trent de Ruyter sent back. Wow, Victor's teacher has tremendous titties! he thought as he pulled out his phone to see if there were any well endowed lady players in the area.

---

"Why are we here?" I asked Lily, adjusting my new button-up shirt as I walked through the front door of the large house.

"It's a party!" Lily answered.

I looked over at her in her tight white dress that showed off her fit teen cheerleader body. "Well, yeah, obviously," I said, shifting my gaze to take in the crowded, opulent living room. I had to raise my voice to account for the loud music. Most of the attendees seemed to be our age or a little older. I saw Tabby, Lily's Black cheerleader friend who had unknowingly given me a blowjob a few weeks ago in the school equipment room. She was talking with a couple other girls that I recognized from the cheer squad. Maybe I'd see if I could get Tabby alone later using the Master Console...

"There she is!"

I followed Lily's gaze to a woman who looked to be only a little older than us. She was about Lily's height, but absolutely statuesque, with curly auburn hair, wearing a tight burgundy top and black above-the-knee skirt, dishing herself up some punch from a crystal bowl. "Who dat?"

"Justine James," Lily told me with venom in her voice. "She was the top senior cheerleader last year, and she made my life hell. Is she a player?"

I pulled out my phone. "Hmm...yep, and...jeez, she plays a lot!"

"Oh good. Let's find a quiet room, and..." She got close and whispered into my ear.

My eyes widened.

We found an empty corner bedroom before I sent my commands through the console and then waited. Soon, Justine entered and began removing her clothes, as commanded. Lily and I had revised my script to prepare our subjects for some threesome action, like with Mrs. Whittaker, and once Justine revealed her tight, naked body with B-cup breasts and a landing strip of auburn pubic hair (the carpets matched the curtains!), she got on the bed between Lily's naked thighs and started licking and tonguing my friend's pussy.

"That's it, you fucking bitch..." Lily murmured as her former bully gave her oral pleasure. "Yesss...now get in there, Victor, and tell me how she feels inside."

I quickly doffed my pants and got my already hard cock lined up. I had used some of Trent's prep script, which filled our targets' heads with sexy fantasies in order to get them wet and ready. After a couple swipes of the head of my cock between Justine's slick folds, I pushed inside. "Ohh wow..." I moaned, "she feels good...not too tight or loose, but nice and warm."

"Umph," the hypnotized beauty moaned into Lily's pussy.

"You like that, Justine?" Lily asked her, her gaze intense. "Mm, you're licking faster now...I think you do...what a slut you are."

I pushed all the way in and then pulled back, savoring Justine's grasping insides. I grabbed her slim hips and began thrusting.

"Mp mp mp," Justine grunted.

"Never thought I'd see this," Lily commented as she looked down at Justine's face with glee. "You munching my box while a nerd breeds you." At my upturned eyebrow she clarified, "That's not an insult; you're a nerd, right?"

I considered and then nodded as I continued to spear my hard cock into the college-aged girl.

"Mmm, fuck..." Lily moaned, and I saw her move one hand down the top of her dress to caress one of her own fabulous breasts.

I increased my thrusting. Watching Lily pleasure herself was always...inspiring.

She noticed and looked back down at Justine. "He's gonna cum inside you soon, Justine. You on the pill? I really hope not..."

Goddamn, Lily really knew how to get me going! I was thrusting hard now, feeling really good.

"When was your last period, Justine?" Lily continued. "I hope the timing's right...I'd love to see that tight little tummy of yours get all big the next time you visit your folks. That's what you get when you fuck with me, bitch. Oh fuck...oh fuck...ohhh fuuuuccckkk!"

Lily arched her back as she came, and that set me off as well. "Arhh!" I cried out as my load rushed up my shaft and inundated Justine's unprotected pussy. "Unhh! UHH!" I groaned.

"MMM!" Justine cried out into Lily's pussy as the preprogrammed command caused the older girl to orgasm as she felt my hot load fill her most private of places.

I felt her pussy throbbing around my shaft, extending my own orgasm. Another couple of spurts of my sperm-filled semen splashed into her defenseless depths, and she gasped again.

Justine's customized script wasn't done yet. After I pulled out and Lily and I redressed, Justine remained on the bed, her head down, still in the doggie position.

Lily opened the door and yelled out, "Train!"

Soon, several guys had entered the room, as well as a couple of curious women. "Oh shit! Is that Justine?!" one of them asked.

"Yep!" Lily responded. "She's ready to be taken like the train slut she is. Go get her, boys!"

Quickly, the guys pulled off their pants and then roshambo'd for first (well, second after me). A brown-haired average-looking guy won and shoved his hard cock into the hypnotized former high school cheerleader, ramming into her with gusto.

Lily took a pic with her phone, reminding me to take one for Trent. "Our work here is done!" Lily announced as she pulled me out of the room. "Be sure to give her lots of creampies!" she called back before she took my arm and lay her head on my shoulder as we strolled away.

While Justine's script had only mentioned Lily and myself, she had been commanded to not move for a couple hours. By then all the 'train conductors' would be empty.

We hung around the party and danced for a bit. I swear I was born with two left feet, but nobody made fun of my stumbling about. I think word had spread about my being the locomotive in the Justine train, so I got some coolness points from the partygoers.

I asked Lily about doing something with Tabby once my cock had recovered from Justine, but she shook her head.

"Nah. A teacher, sure, and definitely high and mighty Justine," she glanced up toward the bedroom, where the train was still going, "but Tabby's cool; she doesn't deserve that."

"Oh, okay." But it wasn't okay.

---

I decided to test how adaptable the Master Console could be. de Ruyter had focused almost entirely on getting sex, but that was short-sighted. I sent a script to my sister to come clean my room, and sure enough, she arrived a couple minutes later with the vacuum cleaner and a garbage bag. However, due to the bug in the program and the fact that I hadn't mentioned myself in the script, she completely ignored me as she tidied. I got out of her way.

As she bent over to clear stuff out from under my bed, I got a good view of her shapely ass in her yoga pants and my cock started getting hard. I looked down at it. "Really?" Trent had stopped commanding my sister to make me fuck her, but my sex drive still remembered the pleasure her body had given me. "Goddamnit..." I went for a walk to find some SpiritWalk player who could help me with my confused erection.

---

At school, I decided to try a combination of commands, one to get the counselor to leave his office for lunch while I ordered that day's target to meet me there. I didn't invite Lily this time, for good reason.

Soon, Tabby walked in, closed and locked the door behind her, and then got on her knees to suck my cock. I didn't actually need her to do that, my dick already being hard and ready, but that was how I had first 'met' the pretty Black girl via de Ruyter's command and I was feeling a little nostalgic.

After a couple minutes in her hot, wet mouth, I commanded her to get naked and bend over the desk. My eyes hungrily scanned her fit milk chocolate body as she removed her jeans and tight t-shirt. She had A- or maybe B-cup breasts, but her nipples were really prominent! After she bent over, I tried to get my cock inside her but had some trouble. I got her to put one leg up onto the desk to make things easier (yay for limber cheerleaders!), and that helped, but she was very tight! I recalled that Lily had said that Tabby was really shy, so I figured she might be a virgin.

Getting frustrated, I sank to my knees and stuck my tongue into her pussy to lube it up. With all the hypnotic sex I'd been having, I hadn't had to learn any cunnilingus myself, but I figured how hard could it be? Tabby's insides tasted kind of metallic, or sorta sour, with a slight scent of perspiration. I gathered saliva on my tongue and slipped some more up inside her, and I heard her gasping in pleasure, so I seemed to be doing it right.

Finally, I stood back up and angled my turgid member up. As the head nestled between her folds, I thrust hard, as I had done when I deflowered Prisha Sandhu.

"NNKH!" Tabby cried out between clenched teeth. Part of Tabby's customized script made sure that she wouldn't be too loud as I fucked her; I didn't want to get caught! I held still, allowing her to get used to my dick, before I started to thrust.

"Huh...huhh..." she gasped as I began to pick up speed, and I reached around to caress her breasts, lightly tweaking those incredible nipples. I felt her tight pussy get even tighter as I did that, so it seemed that her nipples were sensitive. Damn, I thought as I continued to stimulate them, a baby was going to really love these one day.

At that thought, my cock twitched. Ever since de Ruyter had told me that all those times he was ordering me up some unprotected sex using the Master Console was because he was shooting blanks and wanted to live vicariously through me, I couldn't get that out of my head, and Lily was getting all turned on by the thought of me knocking up some of these unsuspecting women too.

I pulled out. "Turn over," I commanded Tabby, and she quickly complied, laying back on the desk and spreading her toned thighs. In a flash, I was back inside her, and I took one of the 16-year-old's prominent nipples into my mouth.

"Ahhh!" she gasped and arched her back, and I felt her pussy grip me again. Yep, definitely sensitive. I sucked and licked at her hard nipples, and knew that it wouldn't be long before I'd cum. I'd have to pull out, of course...Lily would kill me if she found out that I'd done this to her friend, so I figured that I should leave no evidence.

Except...the fact that Tabby was forbidden was what made doing this to her so compelling...it was why I had chosen her over all the other SpiritWalk players at school that day. I'd already gone against Lily's wishes to fuck her formerly virginal cheerleader friend, and it was fucking hot. Cumming inside her was even more forbidden...

I pulled off of Tabby's nipple and looked up at her pretty face. "You want me to cum inside?" I asked her.

She furrowed her brow. I hadn't included answering that question in her command script.

"Say 'yes'," I commanded her.

"Yes."

"Okaaay...wrap those sexy legs around me." She did, and I took her other nipple into my mouth, giving it a light scrape between my teeth. When I felt her pussy grip me again, it set off my orgasm. "MMHH!" I thrust into her harder and faster as I felt the pleasure explode up from my loins, through my throbbing cock shaft, and out the tip. "HHHMM!" I moaned into Tabby's nipple as I gave it an extra suck, as if I was somehow going to suck milk from it through sheer willpower.

"OH-HHH!" Tabby moaned as she felt the hot warmth of my dangerous load splash inside her, and I felt her pussy squeeze me as her own orgasm started. As our mutual orgasm continued, I continued thrusting, splashing more and more of my sperm-filled semen against her spasming, unprotected cervix.

Finally, I pulled out and grabbed some tissues before my load slipped out of her to make a mess on the floor. "You know what to do, right?" I asked her.

She held the tissues to her vagina and nodded. Of course she did...the last part of the 'fuck me' script would make her go clean herself up and then she would forget this whole encounter.

I felt a little guilty as we redressed, but I was also feeling fantastic from that orgasm. The good feelings won out, and I put my concerns out of my head.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)