What Goldie Saw

by Fantasy Man

    Ambrosia "Trapper" Goldilocks tread pitter-patter through the wet undergrowth. No wind, just thick hot raindrops splattering down onto her sleek crimson coat. Goldie hopped across a creek bed, a familiar site for the playful young girl. Quietly, ever so quietly, she approached the den.

    Goldie raised her nose, and a faint trace of charred rabbit entered her nostrils. The sudden rainfall must have shortened a barbecue put out by the bears! Suddenly, Goldie halted in her tracks. Baby Bear sat dead ahead of her on a little tin patio, gobbling rabbit chops. Through the summer showers, she jealously watched the bear smack his lips. The last of the rabbit!
    Her stomach growled. Goldie was not a newcomer to these parts of the woods. Had the bear hurried inside to shelter, leaving morsels of food, Goldie would have nicked them. When the weather was even, she would dine and dash, bounding gleefully home. She never told her parents.
    But the bears had finished their meal. Baby Bear licked his claws clean. He patted his fat little belly and loped inside, closing the door behind. Goldie tugged her ear and wondered--Hours and hours of walking deep in the woods, and nothing to show for it so far. Hmm, what other mischief can I get into while I'm here?
    Goldie didn't have to wait long to find out. When the coast was clear, she slipped up under the thin bear roof, silently shaking the rain off her coat. She stepped up as high as she could on her tippy toes, just enough to peer through a basement window. That's when she saw Mama Bear.
    Down in the warm dry basement, Mama Bear's voluptuous form strutted across the dirt floor. Her sheer purple pajamas hugged her bountiful figure, bouncing her bear breasts with each stride. She swept the floor clean with an old broom, humming to herself. Goldie gawped as Mama Bear tidied up. Then Goldie startled. She spotted some un-bearlike activity she hadn't observed before.

    While Mama Bear worked, Papa Bear and Baby Bear shared a tall glass bong. The chubby core sparkled and fizzled in the gloom. Papa Bear's mighty lungs spewed out cloud after cloud. He huffed and bubbled the bong, passing it often to his young son. Baby Bear's eyes quickly reddened, barely able to contain his smoke. He hacked, rumbling lazily asleep after a few bowls. Papa Bear cleared the chamber and napped across the floor with his green tee scrunching up his chest. His big ol paw on his giant belly, heave-ho.
    Papa Bear's thunderous snores shook the whole house, up to the very window Goldie held. Sweet citrus clouds tumbled out the window seams, and Goldie caught some, itching her throat. And Baby Bear sweetly dozed, infrequently scratching his crotch. Goldie chuckled to herself. She adjusted her skirt and took the whole room in. She could watch these bears for days, and Baby Bear was her favorite. Not just because he was a picky eater and left tidbits for her to snatch. He was boyishly cute, too! For a bear, anyway.
    Goldilocks just stood and secretly watched the bears in their natural habitat. The boys sleeping for a spell. Papa Bear's taut, ropey muscles rising and falling with his breath. Baby Bear's little naked dick would harden and soften as he dreamt. And Mama Bear set her broom down, bending low at the knees, kissing her boys on the cheek. Her huge teats brushed softly over their faces. Papa Bear growled and sputtered, languidly snoozing. Baby Bear's nose tickled.

    Mama Bear stood up. She reached into her pajama pockets and found a match, striking it with her claw. Spark! And kindled a gentle log fire opposite the window. Mother relit the bong, savoring her pot-a-nic basket. She washed the bong and left the room.
    With that last session, Goldie definitely felt some secondhand effects. Two Mama Bears appeared to return with two bottles of honey. What bears don't like honey? Goldie soon became accustomed to her double-vision, enjoying the dreamlike feel of everything. She caught herself petting the side of the house, wishing it were Baby Bear's buttocks.
    But then Goldilocks was shocked to watch what happened next. Mama Bear poured an amount from the honey bottle onto her paw, rubbing it directly on Baby Bear's pert bottom. Baby Bear squirmed in his sleep, waggling his butt cheeks. Mama Bear reached right under his bear butt, clearly caressing his penis. His grim bear lips relaxed, softening. Mama cooed. She started tickling his tiny balls. Baby Bear slowly gained consciousness, shuddering in pure happiness. Mama Bear stroked his back, gently clawing. He sighed in her care.
    Goldie watched, haunted. Her legs tingled under her. Her moral compass was spinning around and around. At some level deep inside her, she felt wrong. Very wrong. Against the glow of the fireplace, the shadow of Mama Bear's fierce head flickered up and down. On Baby Bear's shaft. She licked him rotten, gumming his baby balls in her maw. Baby Bear dazedly moaned. Mama winked at him, teasing his bit rigid as a bolt with her lewd talents.
    Goldie squirmed against the window. She felt a strange rush of heat in her skirt, followed by a small drip down her panties. She reached into her drawers, feeling her wetness.

    Goldie’s fingers came out sticky. She tasted herself. Yum! Sweet as syrup.
    Mama checked on Papa, still snoring hard. She got on all fours atop Baby Bear, sucking his popsicle into her throat. He automatically nosed her crease and licked along. Honey. Mama Bear had covered the both of them in delicious honey. Together they rocked, enjoying each other's treats. He paused once, straining his small hips at her mouth. Mama easily swallowed the whole cream, drop for drop.
    When Baby Bear finally stopped shaking with his first orgasm, Mama sat down and spread her legs. Baby Bear crawled up and nursed for a time. His greedy paws hugged her inside the robe, cupping her massive tits. Mama showed him how to tenderly massage her pussy, trailing their claws lightly over their bodies.
    By now Goldilocks was furiously petting her pussy. She hadn't noticed her nub before, but it felt simply magical playing with herself while she spied Mama and Baby's nocturnal activities. Goldie’s eyes were glued to Mama’s hairy snatch and clit peeking out of the cave.
    There, Baby Bear worked one paw in and out at his mother's wet snatch. Deep groans escaped her snarling lips. Baby Bear took his other paw and silenced her, nervously massaging. Mama slowly suckled his claw.
    She winked at the window. Baby Bear struggled against her robe. He nearly came again from her sucking, and his fingering. His small paws found mama's hot holes so enchanting. Goldie suddenly came, calling out nonsense words and wracking the window. Papa Bear woke up.

    She didn't get very far. Papa Bear caught her by the neck, dragging her into the den like a cub. So this is the thief in the woods, who reduces our stores for winter. Goldie lay terrified on the floor. She looked up at Papa's menacing teeth, bared and roaring. By now of course, Mama Bear and Baby Bear had mostly redressed. Papa grimaced, marching around the basement. He sniffed.
    Goldilocks cowered there, her skirt askance. Papa stormed over. He smelled her panties. Goldie closed her eyes. His stout bear nose sniffed up against her pussy. She cried. No, please! Papa licked just once, and she came all over again. He licked and licked, and kept licking. And she came a third time. Goldilocks looked up, and saw Baby Bear rustle in the background. Baby Bear fetched the bong.
    Papa Bear sat the tall bong in front of the girl, motioning at the tip. The girl put her lips there and breathed. Bowl after bowl the bears poured into the poor girl's pouting mouth. Her arms twitched. She coughed her lungs out. Puff after puff after puff. She nearly choked.
    Goldie crawled like a bear to the mat with Mama and Baby Bear. Mama swooped them in her arms in a strong bearhug. Mama's robe opened. Baby Bear suckled. Goldie could barely make out Papa's expression in the firelight. Goldie joined Baby Bear and sucked mama's tits. Papa Bear growled. Looked like he was revving up.
    Papa reared up behind Baby Bear, poking their cocks together. Papa adjusted himself, spitting onto Baby Bear's junk. Papa gave him a lick back there, and a claw. The boy let go of his mother's nipples. A new feeling? Papa pushed his dick up his boy's rosette. Baby Bear's eyes bulged.
    Papa gave him no mercy, shoveling the boy's shitter raw. Baby Bear flushed, beating his butt back against his father. Mama Bear feathered her paw along the children's crotches. Goldie nearly sang with pleasure. She nuzzled Mama's tits and watched the boys frolic. Baby Bear cried in pain. Papa kept humping.

    After a fashion, Papa spurted his cock up Baby Bear's tight rectum, seeding it pearly white. He pulled out and patted the boy on the back. Baby Bear nearly died from shock. So many feelings tonight, of fear, wonder, hunger, hurt. Baby Bear mindlessly tugged on his dick skin. Beat one off, and crashed on the floor.
    Mama set Goldie beside him and rose. She went to work on Papa Bear, summoning his dick back to life with her legendary lips. Papa took another big hit on the glass and held her head onto his coke can cock, until his cum spewed out her nostrils. Mama Bear gasped, swallowing. She coughed out thick streams of bear cum.
    Papa pumped her pussy for what felt like hours and hours. Eventually, Goldie found her hand wandering around Baby Bear's curious cock. She idly flicked it, amazed at his meaty muscle flapping in the air. Baby Bear turned to her, smiling. She stuck a thumb up his butt and jacked him off.
    Mama Bear took in Papa like a champ, riding that dick for all it was worth! He pawed her chest, grumbling. She kept dipping down onto the stick, popping it back out, and plunging deep down on his dong. Baby Bear's eyes followed his mom's bouncing breasts. His hard little finger burning a hole through Goldie's palm. She fingered him, getting the itch again. Mama Bear took some more lungfuls from the bong while she rode.
    Then Mama blew out the last of the weed and hopped off pop. Big Daddy Bear raged, his bear dick veins throbbing. Bear: Blue balled!

    Now it was Goldilocks' turn to cry.

    Papa grabbed the cubs by the neck, pinning them against his monstrous dong. Goldie awkwardly tried to fit the thing into her mouth, and Baby Bear licked his dad's musty sack. Goldie got into a rhythm, taking Papa into her mouth while she toyed with Baby Bear's dick. Her very first dicks to play with! She felt high as a kite. Satisfied, the boys made a variety of funny faces and shot their thick wads onto Goldilocks and each other. The cubs licked it all clean. Then Mama stole Baby Bear's lil cock and gave him the sucking of his young life.
    Papa Bear grabbed Goldilocks by the hips, forcing her onto all fours. Goldie cringed. She wept, anticipating the feel Papa frictioning his enormous rod into her tight virgin asshole. Instead, he dabbed his big dick against her pussy, teasing her until she spread her legs. Cock-drunk, she hoped he would stop teasing her and just put it in. He threatened to slip it into her butt, then her vagina, squeezing an inch in at a time. Goldie trembled in a mix of fury and fear.

    Baby Bear hardly got a look at the pair, doubled over in pain and distracted by his mom's complex ministrations on his member. She thwacked his nutsack with her paw, until his purple boy knob stood up straight as a flagpole. Then she lapped his balls. And again, alternating. He never knew whether she would smack him hard in the testicles, or suck his tip. She taught her boy so many lessons in pleasure and pain that night, in that tumbledown hut lost in the forest. With honey and weed and whispers of more to come in dreamy twilight evenings.
    Papa ripped the girl away, throwing her to the ground. She scrambled on her back, dreading and loving that phallus. Papa stuck her good. He humped his pulsing, hot bear dick into Goldie's pussy and churned that butter. Goldie felt so full she fainted. At some point, she woke up with Baby Bear's dick in her mouth, Mama Bear's tits in her hands, and Papa's fat cock pumping her pussy. She dined on Baby Bear cum. She forgot all about the rabbit.