Susie's Work Travel - The Hotel
Jessie


Finally, Susie arrives at her hotel parking lot. She thinks about pulling in to the car port area to walk into the Hotel but before even pulling in she remembers she isn't wearing her bottoms.

"God,that would be a sight!" she tells herself.

Susie then decides to find a spot where no one would be able to see her. She back into a space, then reaches over to grab her skirt. She slips off her shoes and is about to bend over and pull her skirt on when she has a wild idea.

Susie looks around and sees no one in the area. She opens the car door and slowly places her left foot on the pavement.

"WOW! that feels GREAT!" She shifts in her seat and places the right foot down. "OMG! I cant believe I'm doing this!"

Susie's heartbeat increases. She feels flush and excited. "Dare I?" she thinks. Chills run up her spine leaving a tingle throughout her body. Her nipples pucker in anticipation of doing something totally not expected from her.

"OMG! I can't!... I just can't!" she says out loud. This startles her. Afraid that she may have been heard she quickly swings her feet back into the car closes the door and covers her legs with her skirt.

She feels her face turn red as she looks at her lap. "Someone will come and ask if I am OK. I just know someone heard me!" She keeps looking down more out of embarrassment than anything else. 

A few minutes pass and Susie slowly looks up. "No one!" She looks left then right, again no one. she turns to look back and sees no one within sight.

"Guess I'm over reacting again!" Susie mumbles to herself.

Again Susie opens the door. She feels the warm breeze pass over her arm. "I can do this!" she tells herself, "I know I can do this!"

Her left leg moves out and onto the pavement. "OMG!" She shifts again and puts her right foot on the pavement. "OMG!OMG!" She looks around one more time. "Not a soul!" she whispers. 

Susie grabs her skirt and stands at the car door opening. A breeze passes by again. She feels the warmth caress her legs, her rear, and best of all her sex. Susie's eyes roll back. "God that feels so good!"

Susie faintly hears someone saying "Yes sir, I'm on my way now!" Startled once more Susie focuses and looks toward the Hotel. She notices a young businessman walking to his car with a phone to his ear and paperwork in his hands. "No sir, I'm leaving right now!" He turns and looks at Susie. Stunned Susie just stares at the businessman. He waves and opens his car door.

Susie looks down at herself. Skirt still in hand bottom half exposed for all to see. "And all he does is wave?" 

His car pulls back out of its spot and exits the parking lot.

Susie is starting to get angry that he didn't even bat an eye when she realizes that the reason he didn't see her was because the door was covering the essential parts.

"Oh thank God! Here I was thinking I was so hideous that he didn't even notice I was naked!" Susie then sticks her head back into the car and retrieves her shoes and puts then on the ground.

Then an idea sneaks into Susie's head. "Shall I take off my top too?"

"No!.. Just get in your room and take care of yourself in there."

She slips her skirt back on and reaches into her car for her purse. She closes the door and looks at herself in the reflection of her car. Satisfies with how she looks she grabs her shoes off the ground and strides to the Hotel lobby.


Susie's Work Travel- The Hotel - Part 2

As Susie enters the lobby she see a smart dressed older man at the desk apparently checking out of the hotel.

Attending to him is a pretty brunette that looks to be about Susie's height, maybe early twenties, being very cordial to the gentleman and very businesslike. Susie reads the tag on the receptionist’s blazer "Andrea". "Pretty name" Susie thinks. Andrea has short dark hair with her bangs held at the top of her head with a black clip. She's wearing black horn rimmed glasses that gives her a Gothic type appearance. She also wears dark eyeliner and dark eye shadow.

Susie notices Andrea's odd lips. No lipstick but a definitely noticeable. Andrea's upper lip was.... heart shaped! Very little lip on the outer portions but heavy and full in the center. The Queen of hearts came to mind. Andrea's lower lip looked more normal but full.

Susie further studied Andrea. Andrea seemed to have a very nice shape but was covered by a dark blue blazer. She also wore a matching blue knee length pleated skirt, white socks and black loafers. Susie noticed Andrea was very pale skinned. All-in-all Susie thought if Andrea was not wearing those glasses she would look like a live "Snow White".

Susie smiled to herself. "Very pretty" she thought.

Finally, Andrea finished with the gentleman, and turned to Susie.

"May I help you?" asked Andrea.

Susie then noticed Andrea's eyes, they were ice grey. Just the sight of them sent a cold streak through Susie. They seemed to smile at Susie.

"Ya.... ummm.. I ... I have... a room reserved" said Susie.

Susie could not decide on what to look at Andrea's eyes or her lips. She kept looking back and forth to both.

"I'll need some identification please!" answers Andrea in a smoothing voice.

"Hmmmm?" asks Susie, looking at Andrea's eyes.

"Your drivers license!" says Andrea still sounding cheery. 

Andrea's eyes bring a chill to Susie again. sending chills through her.

"Ohhh! Yes... sorry!" returns Susie.

Susie can feel her nipples get hard as she pushes her chest to the counter to hide them.

Susie finds her ID and passes it to Andrea.

"Mmmm..." moans Andrea seductively. "Yes... but your room isn't ready for another 45 minutes."

Susie finally gathers her composure and asks if she can check in and wait in the lobby.

Andrea smiles at her and asks her to please sit in the lobby.

After giving Andrea all the information she needs Susie goes and sits at the couch facing the desk. She placed her shoes on the ground then looks up at Andrea. She can't see her eyes due to the glare on the lenses.

Susie slides the shoes in front of her in the process opening her legs. Again Susie looks up. Still she can't see Andrea's eyes. It appears she is reviewing some paperwork on the desk

Susie moves her right foot to slip into her shoe. She knows that she opened her legs wide enough to be seen by Andrea. But no reaction from her. "Good... she's not looking!" Susie slips on her other shoe.

Although Susie is some distance from Andrea she can't help but stare at her lips. She thinks back at how Andrea's eyes were so hypnotizing. Unknowingly, Susie slightly opens her legs. Her nipples pucker again.

Andrea goes back around a wall. Susie quickly stands and thinks that her room may be ready.

Andrea come back with a cup of ice and a can of soda. She walks over to Susie asks Susie if she'd like a drink.

Susie sits back down and says "Thank you!"

Andrea places the cup of ice on a coffee table and pulls it over to Susie. She kneels in front of Susie and pours the cola into the cup. Andrea then smiles and hands Susie the cup.

Susie keeps staring at Andrea's lips. As Andrea hands Susie the cup Susie's eyes shift to Andrea's eyes.

"Was she looking at my crotch?"

Andrea stands then returns to the desk. Susie takes a couple of sips of the cola and decides she can't wait any longer. She gets up and walks to the desk.

"Andrea?"

"Yes!" answers Andrea.

Trying to decide if Andrea answered as a question or as an answer, Susie stammers "Umm... is there a bathroom I may use?"

Andrea directs Susie to the bathroom. "Sorry, only 1 stall!"

"No problem" says Susie

Susie walks into the bathroom. As soon as the door closes Susie runs to the stall and closes the door.

Off come her shoes. Down and off comes her skirt. She struggles with the buttons on her blouse. On button pops off. 

She places her garments on the hook on the door. Susie's right hand dives down to her sex.
