Bright Sparks Children’s Home
by Vanessa Evans

Part 02 – All the girls stop wearing clothes.

David and Mike smiled as they left the room and ascended the stairs. It wasn’t long before the screams and loud swearing started. All Dennis did was turn up the television and engage in conversation with some of the kids.


The screams and swearing had stopped by bedtime but none of the 4 had emerged from Jane’s or Ann’s room. When Dennis did his rounds he opened Jane’s door and saw her spread eagled on her bed, naked, wrists and ankles tied to the 4 corners and a gag in her mouth. Her eyes were closed.

Dennis closed the door and went to Ann’s room. When he quietly opened the door he wasn’t surprised to see that she too was tied, spread eagled to her bed, but David was fucking her pussy and Mike was fucking her mouth.

Dennis quietly shut the door.

When he opened Mandy’s door he saw her in the throws of an orgasm with her right hand busy on her pussy. He smiled and quietly shut the door.


Two of the other girls were masturbating when he quietly opened their doors and he watched for a couple of seconds then quietly left.


Dennis quietly went to his own accommodation and had a satisfying wank remembering seeing Mandy naked in the clothes shop with other people watching her.
 


Jane and Ann didn’t make it down for breakfast but Mike and David did, both smiling and looking a little tired.

“Everything okay guys?” Dennis asked.

“It certainly is,” David said, “it shouldn’t take much longer, they’re starting to understand who’s the boss.”


The other kids went to play in the local park for the day leaving Jane, Ann, David, Mike, Mandy and Dennis. Mandy was in a happy mood and Dennis hoped that the previous day’s events was the reason, and when she asked him if he would like to go for a walk, Dennis quickly agreed.

Mandy went and changed into her new dress which Dennis loved, and he told her so. They walked to a different little park with Mandy linking her arm with Dennis’. When they got there they sat on the grass talking, Mandy either not realising or not caring that her pussy was on display right in front of Dennis.

Difficult as it was, Dennis managed to keep his eyes mostly on Mandy’s face as they talked about their previous times in children’s homes, Mandy avoiding her bad experiences and Dennis not asking.

After a while they lay back on the grass, Mandy again either not realising of not caring  that her bald pubes were now on display above her slightly spread legs. Dennis lay alongside her, up on one elbow so that he could look down on her, and her visible, bare pubes and slit. A fact that a couple of men walking their dogs didn’t miss, Dennis not doing anything to reduce the exposure.

Dennis was looking down at Mandy’s face when she suddenly reached up with her hands and pulled his face down to hers. They kissed for a few seconds then Dennis pulled up and looked down at her inviting face before giving her the longest, French kiss that he had ever given a girl.
  
When the kiss finally ended Dennis looked Mandy up and down and saw that she had spread her legs some more and another dog walker was seeing what Dennis was seeing, a very wet pussy.

Looking back up to her face they kissed again before Mandy said,

“Fuck me please Dennis.”

Well, what could Dennis do, he’s a normal, healthy man and none of those would miss the opportunity in front of him. He got to his feet, pulled her up to hers, then led her into some bushes where he bent her over and rammed his cock into her dripping pussy. Unfortunately, it had been a long time since Dennis had fucked a girl and he didn’t last long. Fortunately, Mandy somehow knew what to do and she turned, dropped to her knees and took him into her mouth. As he started to get hard again Dennis wondered if it was something that she had been made to do when she had been repeatedly raped, but at that moment he didn’t care. 

When he was hard again Mandy pushed him to the ground and rode him cowboy style until first she orgasmed, then he did again. When they were both sated she collapsed down onto his chest and just lay there.

After a few minutes Mandy started to apologise saying that she shouldn’t have done that. Dennis put a finger to her lips stopping her from talking then hugged her tightly and told her that everything was okay and that she’d done nothing wrong.

Mandy slowly accepted what Dennis had said then kissed him again before sitting up and asking if they could do it again.

“Mandy, darling,” Dennis said, “girls can fuck all day long but men can’t, they need time to recover and you have just drained me, but we will fuck again soon, and we’ll do it every day until you don’t want to do it again.”

“That will be never.”

“Maybe, but we will only fuck when you want to, you are never going to be raped again.”

“But I want you to fuck me every minute of every day, even when I’m asleep.”

“Well that might happen one day, but right now we need to get back, I’m starting to worry about Jane and Ann.”

“They asked for what I think that they are getting,” Mandy said, “they are naughty girls that need to be punished.”

“Yes, but I am afraid that you might see similarities to what happened to you Mandy.”

“No I don’t, Jane and Ann have been asking for it, I didn’t, I’m a good girl.” 

“You certainly are Mandy.”


They got to their feet and started walking back, holding hands. As Dennis looked at Mandy he saw that her dress hadn’t fallen completely down and half her butt and her slit and pubes were on display to the odd person walking in the park. So was his cum that was starting to seep out of her and down her inner thighs. Again, Mandy either didn’t realise or didn’t know, and she certainly didn’t check that she was covered.

Dennis said nothing and it was well over 200 metres before her dress returned to its proper place.


As they walked, Dennis explained that no one at Bright Sparks must every know what they had done and that they were now more than children’s home manager and guest. He explained that he could get into serious trouble if anyone ever found out. Mandy promised to act as if nothing had changed but made Dennis promise to make sure that they had alone time together.

Dennis let go of her hand, put his arm around her and squeezed one of her little tits.

“I will definitely do that.”

Then he held her hand again and asked her what she was going to do when she turned 18 in a couple of weeks.

“I don’t know yet, I’m hoping that someone will find me a job and somewhere to live.”

“Have you ever considered working in a children’s home, you can often get free accommodation thrown in.”

“I never thought of that, I’ll think about it but where could I get a job in a home?”

“Well you’d have to have some training but maybe I can find a place for you in a home.”

“That would be great, but not too far from you please, I want us to fuck a million times every day.”

Dennis squeezed her hand then let go of it as they were approaching Bright Sparks.



Both Jane and Ann were standing in the lounge when Dennis and Mandy walked in. Both girls were as naked as the day they were born and both looked very dishevelled. Jane was the first to speak,

“I’m sorry that I’ve been such an ungrateful bitch Dennis, I promise that from now on I will be a different girl, I will do anything that you want without question.”

“Good to hear that Jane, what about you Ann?”

“Yes, Jane is right, I too have been an ungrateful bitch Dennis, I too promise that from now on I will be a different girl, I will do anything that you want without question.”

“Good, I hope that today will be a new start for both of you. Now, there’s the problem of the money that you took from Mandy.”

“If I’d known that,” David said, “they’d still be up there learning another lesson.”

“No please,” Jane said, “anything but that.”

“Turn around girls.” Dennis said, then when they did, he continued, “Ouch, both those butts look painful.”  

“It is.” They both replied, then Jane continued, “and it doesn’t stop with what you can see.”

Jane bent over and spread her legs, her pussy looked very red and swollen.

“So,” Dennis said, “I think that you’ve had enough of that sort of punishment for now, you will return all of the money and, and, no, let’s introduce a new rule, from now on, the punishment for certain offences will be decided by the rest of the team.” 

Dennis made the 2 naughty girls stand and wait until all the kids were back from their day out then he called all of them to the lounge then repeated his previous sentence to the 2 naughty girls, repeated the details of the 2 girl’s crime then continued, 

“Team, who has a suggestion for what Jane and Ann’s punishment should be?”

“Let Mike and me deal with them.” David said.

“No pocket money for a year.” Jennifer suggested.

“Keep them naked with their legs wide open for a month.” William suggested.

“What about you Mandy?” Dennis asked, “you are the victim here, what do you think should happen to them?”

“I don’t know,” Mandy replied, “whatever you think Dennis.”

“Send them to school like that.” Tony suggested. 

“Well, we have a few interesting suggestions,” Dennis said, “let’s see now, a few hours with David and Mike sounds good, and so does keeping them naked for a month. Although the no pocked money for a year sounds befitting their crime I think that it is a bit too lenient.  Sending them to school with no clothes would be very humiliating for them and would teach them a lot but I’m sure that the school wouldn’t approve, so it’s down to a choice between a few hours with Mike and David and keeping them naked for a month. Jennifer can you go and get 10 pens or pencils and some paper that we can tear into 10 pieces.”

Jennifer got up and ran to get the supplies and when they were distributed Dennis continued,

“Everyone, except Jane and Ann, write your choice of punishment on your piece of paper, fold it and pass all of them to me.”  

When that was done Dennis opened the papers and put them in 2 piles. Then he announced the results,

“Ladies and gentlemen, by a vote of 7 to 3, Jane and Ann will remain naked for the next month.”

Everyone heard both Jane and Ann breath a sigh of relief.

“Well you two, it looks like you got off lightly, what do you have to say, do you accept your punishment or would you prefer the alternative?”

“No, no, we’ll do it.” Jane quickly said.

“Good, for the next month, apart from bed times, going to school and when I tell you otherwise, you will remain naked and perform all your rostered tasks, including taking the rubbish to the bins outside and picking up litter outside. You may only go into your rooms for 1 minute at a time during the day, you will leave your bedroom door open at all times and your duvet will be in your wardrobe at all times. When you are down here and sat down you will not cross your legs and you will keep your knees approximately 30 centimetres apart. Each infringement of these conditions will result in an extra day being added to your sentence. Do you understand?”

Both girls said that they did but Jane asked if the sentence applied to weekends as well.

“It does, so if you want to go into town you will do it naked.”

Some of the younger kids giggled at that thought.

“Right, now go and get cleaned up then come back down here for something to eat, I suspect that you haven’t eaten proper food since yesterday morning.” 

“No sir, thank you sir.” they both replied then slowly walked off.

“Thank you boys,” Dennis said to Mike and David, “I’m sure that you have already had your rewards.”


Most eyes were on Jane and Ann as they took their place at the table for the evening meal, not only to watch the girl’s little tits wobbling about as they walked, nor their slits or butts, but to see how they managed to sit down on their painful looking butts. Both girls managed to sit but their efforts were accompanied by a few ‘aarghs’ and ‘ooows’.
 
During the evening meal Dennis repeated that the team would, from then on, be consulted with regard to punishments, reminding them that Jane and Ann had stolen some money and that they were now suffering the consequences. 

Then he told them that Bright Sparks would be inspected the following Tuesday which was an inset day at school so everyone would be at home. He also explained that everyone, including Jane and Ann would be wearing clothes other than underwear and that he expected everyone to give the inspectors a glowing report if asked.

Jennifer interrupted,

“Why wouldn’t we give a glowing report, it’s great here.”

“Thank you Jennifer, I’m pleased that you are happy.”

“I am, where else can we see so many boy’s cocks.”

A few girly giggles followed, the mood lightened and so did the conversation.


After the meal the rostered people washed up and cleaned the place, both Jane and Ann doing their homework sat at the table with their knees spread wide. 


Mandy had changed out of her new dress into her favourite T shirt as soon as her and Dennis had got back from their walk and she was again oblivious to her exposure of her lower butt and slit which Dennis, and the older boys kept looking at.

When it came time for bed Jane and Ann followed Dennis’ instructions and when he did his rounds Dennis saw them on their backs, legs spread wide and a hand cupping their pussies. He wondered if they had been masturbating.

When Dennis got to Mandy’s room he saw that she too was on her back on top of her bed with her legs spread wide and was actively rubbing her pussy.

“I’m glad that you’ve come to see me,” Mandy said, “will you fuck me please?”

Dennis quietly shut the door, turned the light on and spent the next half hour locked in a passionate sex session with Mandy.

It was a contented and happy Mandy that went to sleep, and a happy and contented Dennis that did the same about 20 minutes later.



The next morning was school, and both Jane and Ann were stood at the front of the queue of kids waiting to leave with the fronts of their skirts pulled up and their blouses open waiting for Dennis’s inspection. 

Dennis walked up to them and looked down at their slits then their exposed tits.

“Good girls, maybe you are learning. Don’t forget to sit with your knees about 30 centimetres apart. Oh, I’ve just had an idea, roll the top of your skirts, just once, so that it is a bit shorter today, and roll it once more each day until you can feel your butt when you slide your hand down your butt.”

“Yes Dennis.” They both replied as they put their clothes back into place then rolled the top of their skirts.

Dennis watched them walk off and wondered how many days it would be before he was watching their butts as they walked. Then he turned to the next kids in the queue and checked them before sending them on their way.

Mandy was at the back of the queue, stood with her blouse pulled up over her tits and skirt pulled up at the front. Dennis ran his finger along her slit and quickly dipped a finger into her wet hole before pulling it out and holding it up to her face.

She looked at Dennis’s finger then opened her mouth. After sucking it clean Dennis pulled it out then flicked one of her still exposed, hard nipples.

“Hmm, that’s nice,” Mandy said, “do you want me to sit with my knees 30 centimetres apart and roll the top of my skirt over Dennis?”

“That would be nice, but I’m not punishing you.”

“I know, but I want to, to please you.”

Mandy pulled her top down over her tits then her skirt over her butt. Then Dennis saw her roll the waist band over a couple of times almost uncovering her slit and the bottom of her butt. She turned to Dennis, kissed him on his lips the said goodbye and walked off, waggling her butt as she walked.

Of course Dennis watched and thought that Mandy was the happiest that he had ever seen her.


Dennis spent the day making sure that everything was ready for the inspection the next day. He smiled when he realised that he nearly forgot to take the stirrups off the medical couch,

“What would they think if they saw those?” He thought.

He was still cleaning some of the pans when the kids started to return at the end of the school day, and he heard the 2 youngest boys talking about their PE lesson. 

“Shit, PE lessons, I forgot about those.” 

The girls have a choice of shorts or skirts and he was sure that his girls wore shorts. He made a mental note to get some short PE skirts for the 3 older girls. He’d go out on the Wednesday morning and get them then swap them in their PE kit which they always brought home but rarely put in the wash.


When the 3 older girls walked in Dennis saw that all 3 skirts were still rolled at the waist band. He sent Jane and Ann to take their clothes off then spoke to Mandy.

“Has your skirt been like that all day?”

“Yes, and I sat with my knees wide apart in all my lessons. I’m going to show even more when I roll the top again tomorrow.”

Dennis smiled, tweaked one of Mandy’s protruding nipples, then sent her to get changed out of her school uniform.

“It’s a nice day today Dennis, can I be naked for the rest of the day?”

“Yes Mandy, of course you can, you don’t have to ask about that.”

“Thank you Dennis.”

Mandy walked off, taking her skirt and blouse off as she walked. Dennis caught a glimpse of her pussy from behind as she climbed the stairs, still waggling her butt. He was sure that it glistened as it caught the light.


The evening was spent with the kids doing their homework and playing games, and Dennis was amused as he watched the naked Jane and Ann gingerly sit on the chairs at the table.

The talk was mainly about school and Jennifer told everyone that some of the boys and girls were calling Jane, Ann and Mandy sluts for wearing such short skirts and flashing their pussies a lot of the time.

“Jennifer,” Dennis replied, “you know why Jane and Ann are dressed as they are, just tell anyone who says anything that it is part of their punishment.”

“What about Mandy,” Jennifer asked, “she isn’t being punished.”

“No she isn’t. Mandy is nearly 18 and will be leaving us in a couple of weeks. I believe that she is old enough to make her own decisions about what she wears.”

“So she’s a slut.”

“No she isn’t Jennifer, when you do your homework look-up the definition of a slut.”

Jennifer admitted defeat and stayed silent.

Over the evening mean Dennis reminded them that it was an inset the next day (cheers from all the young kids) and that the council would be there for an inspection. He asked them to be polite to the inspection team and not to mention that Jane and Ann were being punished. He told Jane and Ann that they were to wear a dress from after breakfast until the inspection team had left then to take them off and that their punishment would continue.

“Do we have to sit with our knees open?” Ann asked.

“Not when the inspection team is here.”

“What about Mandy?” Jennifer asked.

“I’m sure that Mandy has the common sense to put some clothes on whilst the team is here, and that she will keep her knees closed as well.”

As he was saying that he wasn’t totally convinced that it was true but Mandy was at the table and she was listening.


After the meal the kids got on with their homework or played games, all 3 older girls being naked and all 3 sitting with their knees open. Mandy was sat opposite Dennis and he could see that she was sexually aroused. He had a hard time (no pun intended) hiding his erection but he had to wait until he did his rounds after all the kids had gone to bed to get the relief that he so wanted when he went to Mandy’s room. 

Mandy was waiting for him, legs spread wide and playing with her pussy. When he walked in and closed the door behind him she just said,

“Fuck me.”

Thirty minutes later Dennis pulled out of her for the last time that day.


The next morning started like any other, except that Jane and Ann came down to breakfast naked and Mandy was wearing only her favourite T shirt which doesn’t cover  all of her butt or slit. Dennis told all 3 to go and put dresses on straight after the breakfast was finished.


All the kids were either inside or out in the garden when the inspection team arrived, 2 of them having a quick word with 2 of the kids before coming inside to see Dennis.

A tour of the place was the first item on their agenda, and after greetings, Dennis led them around everywhere. It was Mandy’s turn to do the washing and they found her in the laundry loading a machine. She was slightly bent over and Dennis wondered if any of the team noticed what he had, Mandy’s partial bare butt and pussy as she bent over to load the machine. If they did, none of them said anything.

One member of the team said hello to Mandy and they engaged in polite conversation whilst the rest of the team looked around. 

Tour complete, they all went into the lounge where Jane and Ann served coffee to them all whilst they talked about the inspections and a few other issues that were needed to be discussed. Dennis hadn’t told Jane and Ann to serve any coffee and was pleased that they had used their initiative but a little worried that their bending over in such short dresses was showing the inspection team things that he didn’t really want them to see. Thankfully, none of the team gave any indication that they had seen anything.


The relevant points of the discussions were: -

A couple of the girls, those who served the coffee, appeared to be in some pain. Dennis explained that he too had noticed that and that he had an arrangement with a doctor to visit once per week and that he would ask him to look at them on his next visit in a couple of days.

Dennis was running the home on his own. Although they were not doubting Dennis’ abilities, the inspection team told Dennis that he should be employing some staff and at least one of them should be a woman to deal with any personal problems that any of the girls had.

Dennis agreed with them and explained that he had a young woman in mind but she would need some training to meet the current standards for children’s home staff. The inspection team reminded Dennis of the training requirements and wished him well in recruiting someone, but also stated that he should also look for more than 1 person to cover for sickness and holidays.

Dennis then explained that he had 2 more young ladies in his sights but his priority was getting the first young woman employed and trained.

The inspection team were happy.

Then the subject of the age of 1 of the guests was raised and Dennis was asked if anything was being done about obtaining accommodation and employment for the girl.

Dennis explained that he was sure that he could meet both the requirements before she reached 18.

The final issue that the inspection team had for Dennis was the replacement for the girl who would be leaving in a couple of weeks. Dennis told them that he preferred girls as he found them to be less disruptive and more willing to change to fit in with the ways of Bright Sparks.

“Well whatever you are doing, and how you are doing it appears to be working,” was the final comment from the inspection team as they left.


Dennis was happy and his next task was to find Jane and Ann, both to thank them for using their initiative, and tell them to get naked again, which they readily did.

Then he went and told Mandy that he had a job for her when she reached her birthday, if she wanted it. As she took her dress off she asked,

“What is it?”

“My assistant.”

Mandy almost squealed with delight then asked where she would live.

“In my flat with me, I have a spare bedroom but I don’t expect you to use it.”

Mandy did squeal with delight and found it very hard not to jump up on him and give him a big hug.

“You can fuck my brains out when you come to check on me tonight.” She whispered.

“I will, I certainly will.” Dennis replied.

“When can I start, and when can I move into your flat?”

“As soon as you are 18.”

“Will I have to wear clothes to do the job?”

“Some of the time, and certainly when you go on the training courses.”

“Oh, that’s a disappointment, I want you to see me naked all the time.”

“And I want to be able to see your cute little naked body all the time but there will be times when that just is not possible, but your times with clothes on will be kept to a minimum, I promise.”

“Oh, what about the doctor, he’s so good at making me happy and it’s nice when all the kids look at me afterwards.”

“I’m sure that we can find a way for him to examine you each week.”

“Good, can you fuck me right now please?”

As she asked that, Mandy took Dennis’ hand and placed it on her wet pussy. Dennis couldn’t resist inserting a finger and also giving her clit a little rub causing her to moan and beg him to fuck her, but he somehow resisted and told her to go into the garden and enjoy the sun.

Mandy looked disappointed, and so was Dennis, but that was not the time, nor the place for them to have a passionate session.


A little while later Dennis went for a walk round the garden to check on all the kids and was please to see Mandy sunbathing, nude and gently playing with her clit.

“Keeping it warm for me are you?” He whispered.

Mandy smiled and opened her legs a little more.


Dennis also found Jane and Ann sunbathing, but laying on their stomachs. Their legs too were spread and both of them had a hand under their stomachs. Those hands were also toying with their clits.

Dennis stood between the 2 pairs of feet watching the fingers working for a few seconds then said,

“I’ll ask the doctor to look at both your butts on Thursday, they still look very painful.”

Both sets of fingers stopped working and 2 heads turned to look at Dennis.

“Sorry Dennis, I didn’t see you coming over, and thank you, it would be nice if the doctor could give us some cream or something.” Jane replied.

“I really do have your best interests at heart girls, I really do want you to be intelligent and useful members of society when you leave here.”

“We know sir, and we’re both very sorry that we gave you a hard time, we were real bitches, but we’ve learned our lesson.”

“Good, I think that you have, now enjoy the sun whilst you can, and your fingers can get back to making you happy.”

“Oh, sorry sir, I didn’t think that anyone could tell.”

“That’s okay, I do know that girls have needs and I hove no problem with then satisfying those needs anywhere at Bright Sparks, better here than in a place where you can get in trouble for doing that.”

“Yes sir, thank you sir.” Both girls replied.

“Relax girls. I’m not a teacher, I’m Dennis, I want to be like a big brother to you.”

“Thank you sir, I mean Dennis.” Jane said.

“Make yourselves happy girls.” Dennis said as he walked away and over to where the 2 youngest kids were swinging on the old swings that were hanging from the big horse chestnut tree.

As he walked passed Mandy he heard her moan and he knew that she had just had an orgasm.


Everyone seemed to be quite relaxed for the rest of the day and the evening went quickly and without any dramas. The 3 older girls were all sat on one of the sofas with their knees spread wide, talking and not appearing to care what they were displaying.

Dennis and Mandy had another satisfying session later that night.


Even at the underwear inspection the next morning there was a jovial atmosphere and  both Jane and Ann were holding their skirts and blouses up for Dennis when he went to them to make sure that they weren’t wearing any underwear.

“just 1 roll at the waistband of my skirt Dennis?” Jane asked, “or shall I do 2?”

“No Jane, just 1 per day.”

“You do realise that by the time our punishment is over these skirts will be just a roll of material around our waists?” Jane asked.

“Yes, I’d worked that out, but we will have to stop before then, your butts and pussies need to be ‘just’ covered when you are standing like you are now. That way you can’t get arrested but I’m sure that I don’t need to tell you what will happen during normal school activities.”

“No Dennis, is that what you want, everyone at school to see our butts and pussies?”

“The point is, is that what YOU want girls?”

“A month ago I would have been horrified at the thought but you’ve changed me Dennis, now it turns me on to even think about people seeing my pussy.”

“I haven’t changed you Jane, all I’ve done is make you think about what you really want, what you want and not what society wants. Society has a lot of really good rules but it has some really crazy ones as well and you’ve just knocked down the barriers on one of them.”

“I think that I understand Dennis.” Ann said.

“Good, now off you go and have a good day.”

“Thank you sir, I mean Dennis.”


Dennis checked the other kids and set them off, leaving just Mandy who has started waiting at the back of the queue each day with her skirt up to her waist and her blouse above her tits.

As Dennis put his hand on her pussy, Mandy shuddered and had a little orgasm.

“Wow,” Dennis said, “you are enjoying my touches.”

“I’ve been waiting for that since I went to sleep last night. Do you want me to roll my skirt right up to my waist Dennis, because I will if you tell me to. I don’t care who sees me.”

“That’s a really nice thought Mandy, but I don’t want you to get arrested, just keep your butt and pussy covered.”

“I can’t do that in the classrooms when I sit down with me knees open.”

“I know, and I hope that your teachers appreciate the sight of your pussy.”

“I think that they do, they’ve all seen it and none of them has said anything.”

“Good, I’m happy about that.”

“So am I.” Mandy replied.

Dennis took his hand off Mandy’s pussy and told her to get off to school. He again stood there and watched her walk away, waggling her butt as she pulled her clothes back into place. He smiled when he saw that her skirt hem was getting higher each day.



Dennis had one, possibly two important tasks that day, firstly he had to buy 3 PE skirts and secondly, if they arrived, start installing the cameras. The PE skirts were his number one priority because he knew that all 3 girls had PE on Tuesdays and Thursdays. He quickly got ready and took a taxi into town and to the nearest sports shop.

He was disappointed not to find what he was looking for as he hurried to the next sports shop and even more disappointed when they couldn’t help him either. He was just thinking that he’d have to find them online when he came across a shop selling young teen girls clothes. Not really expecting any luck he was over the moon when he found just what he wanted, short, wrap skirts made of a very thin material and having waists that could be adjusted to fit most girls because of the velcro fastening. The ‘wrap over’ part was minimal and they were navy blue, the school’s PE uniform colour.

Dennis was beaming as he paid for the 3 skirts then rushed to get a taxi back to Bright Sparks.

Removing the tags he put the skirts on the side ready to give to the girls that evening.

He was just relaxing and imagining the girls wearing those skirts for gymnastics, which was what all 3 did on a Thursday, when the doorbell rang. Jumping up, Dennis took delivery of a large, heavy box and he quickly opened it.

Inside were 9 mirrors, each about 30 centimetres square, and each one mounted in a bevelled frame that looked solid and has flowery patterned holes drilled all around it.
What wasn’t obvious was that one of the holes had a motion detecting WiFi camera hidden behind it and the frame also contained 2 rechargeable batteries to power the camera and the WiFi engine.

Dennis had had the foresight to order a charger and spare batteries and he quickly got out his d.i.y. tools and started mounting the cameras where he wanted them, all in places where the girls could use the mirrors, unaware that they were being spied on.

It was an easy job and he was soon at his PC in his flat and loading and configuring the cameras and the software. He also remembered to change the default passwords on the whole system and each camera, just in case.

Then he clicked on one of the little windows expecting to see what that camera was seeing. There was nothing and it took him a few seconds to realise that there was no activity in front of that camera.

“Stupid idiot” he thought as he configured the system to write all videos to the external hard drive that he had also purchased. Then he went for a walk passed each of the cameras before going back to the PC to check that he had 9 timestamped files on the external drive.      

He was again happy when he saw that he had. He clicked on 1 of them and studied the resolution of the images. He was again happy.

He left the software running and went and cleared away all the boxes and any mess that he had made.

He was just relaxing when the door burst open and the kids started to arrive home. He smiled again when he saw how short Jane’s and Ann’s skirts were, and he smiled even more when he saw Mandy. Her skirt was so short that he could see her clit sticking out between her lips. He panicked for a split second then remembered that he was sat down. He quickly stood up and saw that he could no longer see her clit.

“No shorter than that.” He whispered as she came up to him and said,

“We’re back.”

“I can see that, did you all have a good day?”

He got a few positive comments Ann said,

“The boys were following us around again and there was a fight behind us when we went upstairs.”

Dennis smiled knowing exactly what had caused the fight, then he said,

“Just so long as you weren’t involved girls, now up to your rooms, you know what you have to do.”

“Yes Dennis.” Jane and Ann both replied.

“Can I get naked as well?” Mandy asked.

“Of course you can, you all can if you want, and you know that you don’t have to ask.”  

Dennis went to the kitchen to check the roster then reminded those who had work to do. He wasn’t surprised when Jane and Ann came back downstairs naked, nor was he surprised when Mandy did, but he was surprised when Jennifer’s naked body started appearing as she came down the stairs.

“Going to lay out in the sun before it disappears, I hate tan lines.” She said as she walked outside with most of the others, including Dennis, staring at her.

“Wow,” Dennis thought, “things are going well, it’s a good job that the weather is good.”

Mandy followed Jennifer, the youngest girl at the home, having just turned 15, out and Dennis got on with organising the evening meal. When it was ready he went outside and saw the 2 girls flat on their backs next to each other and talking like good friends.

“Food you two.” He shouted and when they started to get up he turned and went back to the kitchen.

When everyone sat at the table, with now 4 naked girls, Dennis saw that both Jane and Ann were still suffering when they sat down.

“Still suffering girls.” Dennis asked.
 
“Yes, but we’re not complaining, it was our fault.” Ann replied.
 
“True,” Dennis replied, “hopefully the doctor can give you something to help tomorrow.”

“Thank you Dennis.” Jane said.


The conversation centred around school with both Jane and Ann telling everyone about some of the things that had happened because of their short skirts. As the deserts were handed around Dennis asked Jane and Ann what they wore for PE.

“Our polo shirts and shorts, why?”

“Shorts? You know that you aren’t supposed to be covering your pussies.” 

“Well yes, but what are we supposed to do, do PE bottomless?”

That comment triggered a couple of giggles from the younger kids.

“Well as much as that idea appeals to me, no, that’s not a good idea, but what is a good idea is that you wear PE skirts.”

“We haven’t go any.”

“You have now, on the side over there are 3 new skirts one for you Jane, Ann and Mandy. As soon as you’ve finished eating try them on.”

Both Jane and Ann shrugged their shoulders and Mandy smiled.

When the meal was finished, the designated people started clearing up and Jane went over to the skirts. Holding one up she said,

“You want us to wear these? Look at them, there’s nothing to them.”

“Try it on Jane.”

Jane put it on and all she could say was “Wow”. Then after a few seconds she said,

“You want me to wear this for gymnastics?”

“And your polo shirt.”

“You do realised what gymnastics is Dennis, our bodies get into all sorts of positions.”

“I know,” Dennis replied, “Ann put yours on and we’ll all go outside and you two can show us all on the grass.”

“Okay, I’ll show you how much we’ll be showing.”

Ann put on another of the skirts and most of us followed Jane and Ann outside to the grass where they started doing some of the moves and exercises. As Dennis expected, the skirts spent most of the time up around their waists or gaping open leaving their pubes and half of their stomachs on display, and that was just their fronts.

After about 7 or 8 exercises they stopped and Jane said,

“So you want us to wear these for gymnastics tomorrow?”

“Yes, and all PE lessons from now on.”

“Okay, but you do realised that all the other kids, girls and boys, and the teachers, female and male, will see everything that we’ve got?”

“I guess that they will, is that a problem for you?”

“No, not it that’s what you want.”

“It is, call it part of your punishment.”

“Okay then, we’ll do it, for you.”

“Good, now take the skirts off and go and get me your PE shorts.”

Jane and Ann did just that, with all but Mandy, Jennifer and Dennis following them inside.

“You want me to wear one of those skirts as well?” Mandy asked.

“Yes I do.”

“Okay.” Mandy replied.

“What about me, do you want me to wear one for PE?” Jennifer asked.

“Do you think that you are old enough for the exposure Jennifer?”

“I’m out here totally naked aren’t I?”

“Yes you are. Okay then if you think that you are ready for it.”

“I’m ready, besides my shorts rub against my pussy and make me sore.” 

“Okay then, I’ll go into town tomorrow and get another one.”

“Can you make it 2, I think that Angela will be wanting one soon, she wanted to sunbathe with me but she chickened out at the last minute.”

“Okay, I have no problem with that. When do you have PE next Jennifer.”

“Tomorrow afternoon.”

“Mandy, when is your PE lesson?”

“In the morning.”

“Could you two meet up at lunchtime and hand the skirt over, it will adjust to fit both of you.”

Both girls nodded and everyone was happy. As they were walking back outside, Dennis heard Jane say to Ann,

“This is going to be so much fun, I bet that there won’t be a soft cock in the gym.”

“Even Mr. Jones.”

They both giggled as Dennis surprised them and said, 

“You’re probably right, I’m glad to see that you are both adapting to your new life quite well.”

“Yes sir.” Jane replied.


Dennis went inside leaving the 4 naked girls out in the back garden.

They didn’t come back inside for a while and when they did they were all giggling.

“We’ve been for a walk down the road.” Jane said.

“WHAT!” Dennis said, “Please, please girls, promise that you won’t do that again you could get into serious trouble. There’s a time and a place, and on the street outside isn’t one of them.”

“Okay,” Jane said, “will you tell us where we can go down a street naked?”

“Yes I will, but there aren’t many places or times in England, you’d need to go to Spain or the south of France.”

“Will you take us please Dennis?” Ann asked.

“Maybe one day, just enjoy the freedom that you have right now, you wouldn’t have that at any other children’s home.”

“I know,” Jane replied, “and we love you because of it, you’re a great home runner, or whatever your job title is.”

“Thank you, now have you got any home work?”

All 4 girls groaned the went off to do the work, Jane, Ann and Mandy sitting with their knees wide apart. Dennis smiled and wondered when Jennifer would start spreading her legs.



Dennis went into Mandy’s room later that night and the both relieved each other’s pent up sexual frustration.

******