The Drive Back
by Emi Tsuruta

The next morning, I awoke to find the morning sun streaming in through the curtain-less window.  My boyfriend Ryosuke was lying asleep on the futon next to me.  It took me a minute to realize where I was.  He and I had come up to Los Angeles to see if his friend Futoshi would lend us his car while he went back to Japan for a week.  We had spent the night at Futoshi's in his living room, but he'd kind of walked in on us just as we started to make love.  It was all very embarrassing, but as soon as I managed to pull my baby doll nightie back on, and turn out the lights again, Futoshi went back to his room, and we all went to sleep. 

I slowly sat up wiping the sleep out of my eyes.  It looked to be a beautiful summer day out.  I got up, and went to the balcony door to look outside, but I felt a tingling between my legs, and realized that I didn't have any underwear on under my nightie.  Behind me, I saw Futoshi come out to the kitchen.  It looked like he'd been up for a while packing his suitcases getting ready to leave.  As soon as he saw me, he warned me, 

"You'd better hurry up, and get dressed.  Kenta is on his way." 

I tried to pull down the hem of my nightie, but in the bright morning sunlight, it was all too obvious the whole thing was see-through.  Futoshi stood there staring at me for a moment, but soon, he scurried back off to his room.  I wasn't sure how he felt about me, but it was obvious that lounging around in this sheer nightie was getting him worked up.  I looked down at Ryosuke.  He was still sleeping like a baby.  I picked up my night bag, and headed into the bathroom. 

I'd known Futoshi for a long time, maybe three years by then.  At first, I didn't know quite what to make of him.  He seemed a bit spoiled and proud of himself, but as time went by, I saw another side of him.  He kind of acted as my champion protecting me whenever Ryosuke started teasing me.  In many ways, I felt more comfortable with Futoshi than any other boy I knew, except Ryosuke of course.  I got out my toothbrush, and started brushing my teeth. 

"Do you mind if I take a shower?" I called out through the crack in the open door. 

"Go ahead." 

My toothbrush still in my mouth, I pulled my nightie up and off over my head, and looked at the reflection of my naked body in the mirror.  My black pubic hair was fairly well trimmed, my nipples a yummy cherry blossom pink.  Suddenly, I remembered the whole reason we came: to see if we could borrow Futoshi's car. 

"Futoshi, have you decided what you are going to do with the car?" I asked.  He went quiet for a while, and then finally answered, 

"I don't know." 

I knew of course that he and Kenta were pretty close.  The x factor of course was how Futoshi felt about me.  I slowly pushed the door open, peeking out wondering where he was.  I knew I was playing with fire.  Here I was standing in the doorway buck naked.  I probably should just stay here, have my shower, and get dressed, but I was getting all excited.  I wonder what he'd do if I wandered out naked.  He'd seen me naked a few times before, never quite on purpose. 

I still couldn't see him, so I pushed the door all the way open. Ryosuke was still asleep on the floor.  I was now standing in view of the windows and the condos across the way.  Luckily, the sun was shining in on them, so probably they wouldn't be able to see so well.  Oh, I'd better get my towel and shampoo. 

Cautiously, my heart pounding in my chest, I tiptoed out and past Futoshi's room.  I squatted down next to my bag to fish out my gear.  I almost thought I would get away with it, but then, Futoshi came out of his room, and stopped cold when he saw me squatting here naked. 

"Oops!" I chimed. 

'Wha- wha- what on earth are you doing?" 

"I'm just getting my towel," I told him, showing him. 

"Don't you ever get embarrassed?" he barked, averting his eyes. 

"Of course I do," I told him, standing up.  "But you've seen me naked before.  It's no big deal." I walked over closer almost daring him to look at me.  I was trying to act all calm and everything, but to tell you the truth, my pussy was tingling like crazy.  It's not like I like Futoshi that much, but there was something deliciously naughty about flashing him, especially when he doesn't want me to.  I think Futoshi felt guilty though. He didn't want to betray Ryosuke. 

"When are you going to decide about the car?" I pressed, taking his hand. 

"OK, OK, you can have it already." 

I was so happy I hugged him.  He didn't hug me back, but I soon noticed this bulge in his pants.  A bit shocked, I quickly broke away. 

"Oh sorry!  I uh...." I realized I'd gone too far, but wasn't sure how to make up for it. 

"It's OK," he said.  "You'd better get dressed before Kenta comes." 

"Yes sir," I smiled, snapping to attention and saluting like a soldier. I probably looked ridiculous clutching my towel and toothbrush. 

"Hurry up now...  before your beau here wakes up," he said mustering a weak smile.  I gazed down at sleeping beauty.  He slowly rolled over, waking up at last. 

"Tell him the good news," I smiled, dashing off to the bathroom to shower.  By the time I emerged all cleaned up and dressed, Kenta was there. He looked disappointed to hear he wasn't getting the car, but Ryosuke and I offered to chauffer him around while we were in L.A.  We helped Futoshi finish packing, went out for lunch, and then headed to the airport. Futoshi had to check in early because it was an international flight, but after that, we sat, and chatted until it was time for him to go.  I gave him a kiss on the cheek to thank him, and then we all waved goodbye as he headed through the gate.  Ryosuke drove us back to L.A.  for supper, but then we had to go for the long drive back to Oceanview.  Kenta looked sad to see us go, but we'd see him again when Futoshi came back. 

Once we'd dropped off Kenta, Ryosuke got out the maps to figure out how to get back home.  I kind of wanted to check out some of the beaches near L.A., but it was getting too late for that.  We drove along for a while enjoying the scenery.  I was so happy we'd gotten the car.  We'd rented cars before, but it was so rare that we got a chance to go out driving. Soon though, I was starting to feel sleepy.  Ryosuke got out a blanket for me, and I tilted my seat back to lie down.  My jeans were still kind of pinching me, so I undid the top button, and loosened the zipper.  Ryosuke noticed, and said, 

"Why don't you just take them off?" 

I looked over at him wondering if he was serious.  It was getting dark out, but there were still a lot of other cars on the highway.  I wasn't really sure if we could get away with it.  Ryosuke kept asking me though, and eventually I gave in.  I kicked off my shoes, then took off my jeans, and threw them in the back seat.  I continued to cover my panties with the blanket looking around to see if anyone noticed.  There was a fair bit of light from the street lights and the other cars' headlights, but it didn't look like anyone was paying much attention to me.  Before I'd even gotten used to sitting there bare-legged, Ryosuke suggested, 

"And the panties too." 

I sat up blinking not sure if I'd heard him right. 

"What?" 

"Take off your panties.  You'll feel more comfortable that way." 

It is probably true that I don't really like wearing panties - too constricting.  Still here we were out on the open road.  I wasn't really sure I wanted to drive around naked.  I shook my head no, but Ryosuke pulled the car over on to the shoulder, and stopped. 

"What?  What's wrong?  Why are you stopping?" 

He looked over at me in the dark, looking deep into my eyes.  I wasn't sure what he was up to, and then he suddenly leaned over, and kissed me.  I was confused and a little bit afraid, but I just lay there for a while, and let him kiss me.  After a while, he broke away, and I licked my lips savoring his scent.  Before I knew it though, he had his hands on my waistband, and was pulling my panties down. 

"Hey!" I protested. 

"Relax, Emi.  It'll be alright." 

I wasn't so sure, but I didn't want to fight about it, so eventually, I let him take them off me.  Then, he grabbed my jeans out of the back, and got out to put my jeans and panties in the trunk.  I'd felt bad enough sitting here in my panties.  Now that I was bottomless, I felt even more exposed.  I tried to gather the blanket around my hips, but Ryosuke had this big grin on his face as he got back in.  He'd brought his camera back with him. 

"Here, let me take a few shots." 

"Ryosuke!  We have to get going, don't we?" 

He wouldn't listen though.  He took the blanket from me.  I pulled the hem of my blouse down, but it was too short.  I felt absolutely silly, sitting here in the car naked, but my pussy was tingling like crazy.  I peered out the window at the cars going by wondering if anyone could see. 

"Here, turn around," he told me. 

"What?" 

"Show me that cute little ass of yours." 

I blushed even more, but finally turned, and showed it to him.  He was starting to get this wild crazed look in his eyes. 

"Ryosuke, we'd better stop.  I think those people driving by can see me." 

He put down the camera, and slid his hand between my legs checking to see how wet I was.  It was hard to deny it.  I was pretty excited, but I'm sure he knew we couldn't just do it right here by the roadside with all these cars driving by.  He finally sat down, and started the car.  I reached into the backseat to get my blanket, but he just slid his fingers along my pussy again. 

"Ryosuke!" I squealed.  "Cut it out!" 

"Just ride like that for a while.  It'll be alright, I promise." 

I wasn't at all convinced, but I did as he said, and sat back down, leaving the blanket where it was.  I felt horribly exposed.  Ryosuke sped up, and moved into the passing lane.  I got goose bumps every time we passed another car, but most people didn't look over. 

Soon though, Ryosuke sped up, and tried to pass this big truck.  I tensed as we pulled up next to the driver's cab.  I could see the driver, but at first, he was just looking straight ahead at the road.  Ryosuke kept driving along next to him, and soon, he glanced down.  I hid my pubic hair with my hand, and pressed my legs together, but there was no hiding the fact that I was naked.  I told Ryosuke to speed up, but he just grinned. 

"Pull you hand away," Ryosuke told me. 

"Ryosuke!" 

"No, I'm serious.  Let him look.  It'll be alright.  He won't do anything." 

I looked over at Ryosuke, a bit afraid, feeling embarrassed enough as it was.  He just nodded for me to go ahead.  My heart felt like it was going to explode, but I eventually did as he asked, and pulled my hand away.  The driver broke out into this big grin, and gave me the thumbs up sign.  I felt so weird.  I've done a lot of strange things in my life, but I'm not used to flashing complete strangers.  He did seem to be enjoying it though, and didn't seem offended at all.  I was glad he liked my body. 

"Here, show him your ass." 

"What?  How?" 

"Just tilt your body.  Lean over this way, and stick your ass up in the air." 

I gave the driver a little bow, and then did as Ryosuke said.  It was kind of cramped in the car, and when I leaned over, I suddenly found Ryosuke's thing sticking up in my face.  He still had his pants on, but it was obvious he was hard.  The windows were open, and I could feel the breeze whipping around my pussy, tickling me and getting me even more excited.  Ryosuke grabbed at my blouse pulling it up. 

"Here take off your top too." 

I was kind of worried, but I did as he said.  I quickly undid my blouse, and threw it in the back seat along with my bra.  I'd done it!  I was naked in the car, except for the white socks on my feet.  I sat back up, and saw the driver laughing gleefully to see me naked.  Soon though, the traffic caught up with him, and he had to slow down.  We raced along a little further, but soon Ryosuke had to slow down too.  My eyes widened as we pulled up alongside this tour bus. 

"Ryosuke, don't stop here," I squealed pointing up at the bus.  Ryosuke gestured toward the car ahead of us which was blocking his way.  I frantically looked around for my clothes, but an American girl sitting near the back of the bus had already spotted me.  She didn't look pleased.  I honestly hadn't meant for her to see me naked, but she seemed to think I was to blame.  She ended up looking away, but in the meantime, the woman sitting next to her had noticed me.  She stared down at me in shock, and then almost laughed.  The guy behind them saw me too, and shouted something out.  Soon practically the whole bus was staring down at me. 

I got up, and leaned over the seat back to fetch my blouse, but Ryosuke just patted me on my bare bottom while all these people looked on.  He slid his fingers between my legs, and started fingering my most sensitive place. I shuddered coming dangerously close to coming.  The traffic started moving again, so Ryosuke finally pulled his hand away.  I picked up the blouse, and sat back down, but I was way too embarrassed to look up as we pulled away from the bus.  I pulled my blouse back on, but I was feeling frustrated more than anything.  I wanted to stop somewhere, and deal with the ache deep down inside me.  I didn't dare say anything to Ryosuke though. I just sat there quietly, gently stroking my hello kitty.  Soon, Ryosuke pulled into the other lane, and exited. 

"What are you doing?" I asked wondering if he had somehow sensed my thoughts. 

"We need gas," he explained.  We pulled into a gas station and up to a pump.  I covered my pussy, a bit afraid that someone might come out, but it was a self-service station.  "Do you want to help?" he grinned.  I looked around cautiously trying to see who all was there.  Ryosuke got out, came around, and opened my door. 

"Where is everybody?" I asked anxiously. 

"There's just one guy in that glass booth over there." 

The pumps were kind of in the way, but I could kind of see him sitting there reading a magazine or something.  He looked south Asian.  I pulled on my shoes, swung my bare legs around, and glanced back at the highway.  We were far enough away that people driving by probably wouldn't be able to see.  I slowly stood up, feeling acutely aware of how naked I was. 

"This is crazy, you know," I giggled nervously. 

"Here I'll show you how to do it." 

I cautiously followed him to the back of the car, my eyes on the clerk to see if he was watching.  He was so absorbed in his magazine he didn't even look up.  Ryosuke picked up the nozzle, and got me to spread my legs, so he could thread it between them.  I shot him a look, but he just said, 

"This is how you are supposed to do it." He tried to show me how to take off the cap, but I was more worried about all the people driving by.  I felt incredibly obscene standing there half naked with my legs spread, gripping this huge phallic spout.  Ryosuke stood there staring at my bare bottom for a moment, and then ran off around to his side of the car. 

"Hey!  Where are you going?" I felt so vulnerable standing out here half naked in the night air. 

"Just getting my camera," he explained.  He got me to pose for a few shots, but I was seriously starting to worry that someone might come.  "Do you want to pay?" he asked offering me some money from his wallet. 

"No way!" I said, crawling back into the car.  I fished out the blanket, and covered my hips.  He looked a bit disappointed when he came back, but I was seriously starting to lose it from all the excitement.  I needed to calm back down. 

It was starting to get pretty late, and we still had a long way to go to get to Oceanview, so Ryosuke started focusing on driving.  As we got further from L.A., we saw fewer and fewer cars.  Soon though, I needed to go to the washroom.  We drove a while more, and eventually found a public restroom in a service area just off the highway. 

"Can you get my jeans and my panties?" I asked.  He got out of the car to get them, I thought, but soon he came back, and opened my door. 

"Don't worry.  There's no one around." 

"Ryosuke!" I stuck my lips out in a pout, but Ryosuke just nodded for me to take his hand, and come out. 

"Come on, Emi.  It'll be OK.  Don't worry." 

I turned to face him still holding the blanket around my hips.  I could hear crickets, and the sound of cars way off in the distance, but basically he was right; there was no one here.  It had been a while since we'd been in such a deserted place.  I slowly stood up, and Ryosuke took my blanket from me.  I hid my pussy with my hand, and giggled a bit, but soon dashed off to the washroom.  It was lit up pretty brightly, but luckily there was no one inside.  It felt weird not having any pants to pull down, but anyway I did my business, washed my hands, and came back out to the door.  Ryosuke came over smiling.  He'd got out his camera again. 

"It's perfect," he winked.  I was still worried, but I'd come this far, and the parking lot was eerily quiet.  "Here take off your blouse, and let me take a few pictures." I pretended to be outraged, but eventually let him undo my blouse, and pull it off.  I could hardly believe I was way out here buck naked, save for my shoes.  I suppose it was dark out, but the entrance to the washrooms was brightly lit, and there were street lights out on the highway.  Ryosuke backed away, and motioned for me to come out in front, so he could get some pictures.  I walked out slowly, but my whole body was shivering from the excitement.  I knew we shouldn't be doing this, but I just couldn't stop smiling.  It felt so good to be walking around naked outside. 

Before long, we heard a noise coming nearer.  It was a truck coming this way down the highway.  I guess I should have hidden, or covered up, but instead I just stood there looking up in awe at it.  The truck didn't slow down though.  I guess the driver didn't see me.  Ryosuke smirked a bit at my daring, but actually I never would have done these things, if he hadn't pushed me into it.  Somehow, I'd ended up naked, and I was just going with it, to see what would happen. 

Ryosuke started walking towards the highway, and motioned for me to follow.  I looked both ways, but now that the truck had gone, the highway was all quiet again.  We could still hear cars in the distance, but couldn't see them.  I followed Ryosuke out all the way to the highway's edge, but the streetlights were so bright.  Anyone who drove up would surely realize that I was naked.  I was fascinated though.  I don't think I'd ever been out on a highway naked before.  It was such a weird feeling. 

We walked out to the middle, and I swung my arms up posing.  I backed up against the guard rail feeling the cold steel against my bare behind.  It was all a bit much though.  I could feel my breath coming faster and an orgasm coming on.  We quickly ran back to the building to hide, but I was shaking all over.  Ryosuke undid his jeans to show me the size of his hard-on.  I wanted to get back in the car, but Ryosuke was all excited now. He checked my pussy, confirming how wet I was, then motioned for me to bend over. 

I leaned up against the car door, trying to hide.  Ryosuke pulled a condom on, and then tried to slide his penis in from behind.  We were both too nervous, so it kept falling out, but eventually, he started humping me, making me weak in the knees.  Ryosuke told me that a car drove by, but I swear I didn't notice.  I came in an explosion, and then just went limp.  I think Ryosuke must have come soon after. 

I eventually got out some wet naps, and wiped myself off, but my head was still swimming from what we'd just done.  I continued to stand out there, naked, oblivious.  I'd been wanting to have sex all weekend, so it was good that we finally got to. 

Ryosuke pulled his jeans back up, but I rode along in the car naked for a while, still not able to calm back down.  When we got to Oceanview again, I finally got dressed.  Ryosuke dropped me off at my house, and gave me a kiss at the door.  He promised to take me out for a drive again soon. 
