She had nightmares in Hogwarts after that disastrous first year. Sometimes they weren't literal nightmares that had her screaming in the middle of the night. Ginny learned silencing charms and littered her bed curtains with them just to be sure. Her nightmares were more of leftover fears. No one discussed the darker events of her first year, convinced they were over and better left forgotten. Only, she had never forgotten it. She had only pushed them away to look at later, never really knowing what to do with the memories. Sometimes it was really easy to do, and the ghost of memory was easy to ignore. Sometimes it was harder, a whisper at the back of her mind telling her that no one would ever love her, no one would ever like her. She was a useless creature without Tom, she would never be good enough. She could pretend all she liked, but the truth always remained deep down inside. She could never succeed without him, could never amount to anything.

Sometimes Ginny had that feeling during these weekly or twice-weekly teas. Sometimes she thought maybe she was losing herself in the crowds of sharp-tongued witches and wizards who were assuring that the future was brighter than the past had been. They were so much more intelligent than she was, so much more self-assured. They knew how to speak so eloquently, to pitch their phrases perfectly. They knew this game without having to be told the rules, and Ginny had to fight the awful suspicion that they were laughing at her behind their backs, thinking of her as a pet Gryffindor in their midst.

Draco never made her feel that way. He would tilt his head just slightly, lips parted and his quicksilver eyes contemplating her. He would see her, not through her, and he took her seriously. He had from the very start, which was comforting. His very presence seemed to silence the ghostly fears in the back of her mind. He never made her feel less than, even when she admitted that she didn't know what he was talking about. He would simply nod and start explaining things or pushing her to find out for herself.

Perhaps that was why his silence following their kiss was so maddening. She wanted to say something about it, anything, draw him out. Why aren't you talking about it? Why won't you tell me what you think? she wanted to say. She kept her lips sealed shut and smiled as if nothing had happened, as if it hadn't been the best kiss of her life and she still fell asleep dreaming about it.

Ginny took extra care to smile and behave normally at home. Her parents had been pleased to find out she was in a charity dedicated to helping war orphans, though the pleasure had been tempered somewhat by finding out it had been started by Narcissa Malfoy. "Why's that a problem, Mum?" Ginny had asked over dinner.

"Eh, no problem, really," Molly had said, shaking her head. Still, Ginny could feel the faintly disapproving undercurrent in the tone, and it still made her feel incredibly guilty. She felt as if she was lying to her parents outright, even if it was simply a lie of omission.

"You sound like there's a problem," Ginny pointed out. She could see Arthur and Percy's gaze slide away in her peripheral vision.

"Well, I don't like her," Molly replied with a sigh.

"Oh, Mum..."

Molly put down her knife and fork and glanced across the table at Ginny. "Don't simply 'Oh, Mum,' me. I don't trust her, either. She's a Malfoy, and the family is always up to no good. I can't help but wonder what she's up to."

"Mum, it's a charity. I've been going there and discussing how best to bring this up to public attention. There isn't any ulterior motive." Ginny put down her own knife and fork. "I don't think she's anything like her husband."

"I should hope not," Molly answered, shaking her head. "That would be just awful."

"And she did help Harry in that last battle, Mum," Ginny reminded her. She could see Arthur nodding in her peripheral vision but didn't turn her head.

"Humph. Saving her own skin, that," Molly replied. Her tone wasn't as frosty as before, and she did remember that Narcissa was a mother, just the same.

"She's just... cold, I suppose? She's not awfully friendly, true. But she does care about children. And did you know, she visits Tonks' Mum and Teddy? She's even taken care of Teddy so that Andromeda could rest up a bit after he's been too wild." Ginny grinned at her mother almost encouragingly. "He was over the other meeting day, and his hair was a bright blue! With red eyes and yellow skin. He looked like he had just come from a coloring box."

Molly laughed, just as Ginny hoped she would. "Well, I suppose if the boy likes her she can't be all bad. I just worry after you, Ginny, dear."

Ginny laughed. "I know, Mum. Not everyone can be just like you." Molly laughed at the light hearted comment. "But honestly, the people I've met there are so smart and working for such good. It's made me feel like I should have started doing something like this years ago, instead of just playing Quidditch and thinking it was good enough."

"Oh, Ginny, of course you're good enough," Arthur chided.

"You're my Dad, of course you think so," Ginny teased with a smile. The entire family laughed good naturedly. She glanced over at Percy. "Oh! I almost forgot to mention. Percy, are you still having trouble with that real estate business?"

Percy flushed somewhat. "I'll understand the finer points, don't worry about it."

"Millicent Bulstrode joined the group a little while ago. She was doing real estate in Germany, did you know that? I have no idea half of what she said about it, but it sounded like she knew what she was talking about." Ginny turned back to her dinner and noticed that Percy seemed to brighten somewhat. She took a sip from her water glass to hide her knowing smile. Percy was caught, all right. "Should I have her owl you? Maybe she could talk to you about that sort of thing so you'll be fresh when the summer session is over."

"If you wouldn't mind," Percy remarked gratefully. "And international real estate is just the next thing that they would talk about in the legislature," Percy added for Arthur's benefit. "Surely the domestic tax law is much simpler than foreign."

Arthur smiled and beamed at Ginny. "That's so nice of you to think of family that way, Ginny."

Ginny returned the smile and tried not to feel like a liar. "My first thought."

"Have you met anyone there that knows a thing about tax law?" Arthur asked hopefully.

Ginny laughed, honestly this time. "I'm not sure, Dad. But let me ask about. I'm sure someone knows something about it. What kind do you need to know about?"

"If there's an economist about, that would be brilliant."

"I'll ask Blaise, then. He's the money man. That's like an economist, isn't it?"

"Who's this Blaise fellow?" Molly asked. Ginny wanted to roll her eyes. Just because she and Percy were the last of the brood to be single didn't mean that she wanted Molly forcing dates or introductions on her.

"Blaise Zabini. He was a year ahead of me at school. He does some sort of job, I don't remember, but handles the bookkeeping." Ginny shrugged. "I think he's seeing someone."

Molly seemed to deflate somewhat. "Ah, well, there's plenty of good people about, I'm sure."

Ginny openly grinned and finished her dinner in high spirits.
***
"You've been avoiding me."

Draco looked up from the book he had been reading in the library, his expression carefully blank. Still, Ginny could read the expression in his eyes. He was instantly wary the moment she had found him the library alone.

Ginny stepped into the room and shut the door behind her. The click of the lock sliding shut seemed almost impossibly loud, and she could see his gaze sharpen.

"What are you doing, Ginevra?" he asked, voice steady and almost cold. She wasn't put off by it in the slightest.

"You've been avoiding me," Ginny repeated, stepping into the room. She watched as Draco put aside his book. He was still seated on a chaise lounge, still in a relaxed pose. His eyes were anything but, and she could see his quicksilver eyes darken.

"You've been busy with Mother planning the ball," Draco hedged. He couldn't quite meet her eyes, but apparently found her eyebrows fascinating. "It's next month, and there's still much to plan. They're difficult to run, you realize. It takes a lot of effort."

Ginny stepped closer, still. "And yet you're not there, helping as you promised you would."

"That hardly needs my intervention."

"And there isn't a latest conquest in the gossip columns, so I know you're not spending time in Diagon Alley or someplace like that," Ginny continued, watching his shoulders stiffen. There was something about those dalliances that he never enjoyed discussing. Even mocking the girls he had brutally dumped seemed to be too much. Ginny would never tell him so, but she couldn't help but think it was gallant of him. It was a side of him that few knew about. There was a twisted kind of honor in that, and she knew that she could trust him with whatever she told him. If he wouldn't dishonor girls he didn't care about and wasn't friends with, he would never intentionally harm her in such a callous way.

"I thought you were above such rubbish," Draco replied coolly, his eyes snapping to hers. His quicksilver eyes flashed fire and a warning, but Ginny had long since stopped heeding it. Even if she took it seriously, she was a Gryffindor. They weren't known for cool heads when warned, and she was every inch a Gryffindor.

"And I thought you were above hiding behind your mother's skirts," Ginny challenged. She took another step further. "I thought we were getting close."

"Did you?" Draco asked, voice chill and face as still as marble. "That's unfortunate."

Ginny tilted her head to the side. "Is it? Why? Because you'd have to give up pretending you don't care about anything? Because you'd have to do something about the fact that we kissed? And that you liked it?"

Something rippled in his face. It wasn't quite anger, but her words had apparently hit too close to home. "Go home, Ginevra. Someone has to think about this if you won't."

The hissed words did nothing to curb her instinct to bait him. She had tried to seek him out earlier, but he always seemed to have somewhere else to be. She had thought about this, for Merlin's sake. She knew what was at stake as well as he did.

"I know our families hate each other. They have for centuries and I would never count on your father for anything. I know you think my family is full of Muggle-loving fools and sometimes you can barely even tolerate me when I talk about them. I think your family is too caught up on old fashioned aristocratic notions that don't work anymore, and I know you think that it's naïve of me. I know this. I'm telling you, I don't care."

"You should," Draco said coldly, jaw set. "You should care what happens to you."

"I do, more than you think I do." Her heart was pounding and her mouth was dry. This wasn't happening the way she had planned it to be, even knowing that he was reticent about taking their relationship – or whatever it was—to some other level. She lifted her chin a fraction and pushed aside the niggling fear deep inside. She was a Gryffindor and a Weasley, capable of anything, and she had faced far worse than possible rejection at being snogged. Ginny took another step forward, and Draco was practically frozen in place beneath her intent gaze. "I'm just as aware of what it looks like as you are."

"Then do something about it, you daft bint," Draco snapped, eyes rolling. "Stop simpering and pretending that this is some game to play."

Ginny straddled him, sitting on his lap. Draco's mouth fell open in shock before he could compose himself, and she caught his hands as they came up to push her away. "And here is me doing something about it."

"I didn't mean this," he said, his voice sounding somewhat strangled.

"I did," Ginny murmured. She leaned down and captured his mouth in a kiss. His mouth opened beneath hers, and when she let go of his hands they slid around her waist to settle at the small of her back. She kissed him with every fiber of her being. He wouldn't listen to words, but perhaps if she could get her feeling across, it would sink in.

When the kiss broke so that they could breathe, Ginny stripped off her shirt. It was some frilly Muggle thing, something Pansy had helped her to pick out. She would have been hopelessly lost in the Muggle stores and definitely wouldn't have known that a shirt with a deep V neck and frills would make her figure look better. It was frightfully expensive, and she had tossed it over her head as if were any of the oversized hand me downs she had previously bought in thrift shops. The lacy bra Pansy had insisted that she buy lay beneath it. Now Ginny was ridiculously pleased that Pansy had insisted on these girlish things.

There was something in Draco's gaze that warmed her to the core. He couldn't take his eyes off the expanse of skin she had bared. It was almost as if he was afraid to blink, that if he did she would disappear.

Ginny did the only thing that made sense. She took off the bra.

Draco sucked in his breath sharply, and his eyes flicked to hers. He seemed unsure about this, and Ginny gave him an encouraging smile. She wasn't some schoolgirl ninny. She knew what she wanted, even if he didn't.

He took a breast into his mouth, almost reverently. He rolled his tongue about her nipple, causing her to gasp at the pleasure shooting through her. She caught hold of his shoulders for balance and leaned over his bent head. He sucked gently, and Ginny gasped again at the feel of it. She could barely even think, though she was aware of fragmented words amongst her moans. Draco held onto her as she arched her back, pressing herself even closer to his mouth. Yes, her body sang triumphantly. This was exactly what she had been waiting for. Yes.

"I need..." Ginny gasped, fingers caught in his hair. "Merlin, I need..."

One hand undid the top button of her jeans and tried to pull on the zipper. It wouldn't quite move, but there was enough give that his hand slid inside her panties easily. His fingers found her wet center easily, and he dragged a fingertip through the damp curls. Ginny made a soft keening noise, and Draco slipped a finger inside her. He sucked harder on her breast, and Ginny thought she was going to collapse from the feel of it. He moved inside her slowly, gently, then brought his wet finger across her swollen clit. Ginny moaned, tilting her hips to try to give him better access. She was beyond even fragmented speech now. "More," she panted, head thrown back. Her loose hair fell from her face and she didn't care how wanton she must have looked. His touch was sure and perfect, and she needed all of him.

Draco lifted his head from her breast. "The first time I have you, it'll be in a bed and not sprawled across my lap in the library," he said, his voice a hoarse growl.

He moved his fingers faster in response to the rocking of her hips, then bent his head to pay attention to her other breast. He laved the nipple in time with his strokes against her clit, listening to her pants speed up and rise in pitch. He could feel her grip on his shoulder tighten almost painfully, and she was nearly pulling at his hair with her other hand. The rocking was rubbing against his erection almost painfully, and if he were still a schoolboy he would have long since been spent. Draco breathed in the scent of her desire, eyes closed. It was more heady than any perfume she could have worn and twice as addicting.

Ginny came with a strangled cry, her entire body stiffening. Waves of pleasure washed over her, and she could feel every muscle suddenly relax with her release. She fell against him, curled up around his supporting form, waiting until her breathing evened out. "Draco," she whispered, clutching onto him as if for dear life.

"Yeah?" he asked, voice rough with need.

"Your bed or mine?"

Draco wanted to laugh. Silly Gryffindor never thought things through, did she? She looked completely ravaged and sated, still smelled of sex, and still thought she might be able to get to her flat in one piece.

"Mine first."

She pulled on the blouse and tucked her bra beneath it. Luckily no one was in the hallway as they crept up the stairs to Draco's bedroom. It was one up in dark woods and deep emerald green. The massive four poster bed was in the center of the room, and it looked terribly inviting. Ginny took off the blouse with the same disregard she had earlier as Draco locked his bedroom door. The bra tumbled down to her feet and she turned to look at Draco. He mumbled a spell and then cast his wand aside. Ginny took off her jeans and soaked panties, kicking them aside. She stood there, eyeing him, watching him look at her.

He stopped a few steps away from her. With difficulty, he looked her in the eye. "We shouldn't do this, Ginevra." His voice was strangled and full of regret. "You should tell me no. Stop me. We shouldn't be doing this."

Ginny reached out and unbuttoned his shirt in response, pulling it open to reveal his chest. She smiled at Draco as she pressed her chest against his. "Yes, Draco."

With a groan, he pulled her closer against him and kissed her deeply. Ginny's hands worked at his belt with some difficulty, and she opened her mouth beneath his. Their tongues dueled, tasting and exploring each others' mouths.

When Draco broke the kiss for air, he took a half step back to attack his own belt. Ginny fell back across the bed and cast a contraceptive spell on herself with wandless magic. She watched as he stripped off his trousers and then got up on the bed. He looked at her, almost terrified, and licked his lips nervously. He knelt before her, where she lay as if offering herself. His cock jutted proudly in front of her, its tip glistening. "You can still... We don't have to do this. You can still tell me no, Ginevra." His voice was hoarse, barely above a whisper. His eyes were pleading with her. "Tell me no."

"Yes," Ginny whispered, reaching for him. "A thousand times, yes."

With a groan, he moved between her spread legs and sank within her depths. She arched her hips to meet his thrusts, running her hands along his back. Draco moved with deep, sure strokes, his breath coming in short pants. He had his eyes squeezed shut and he was biting his lip to keep from coming too soon. She felt exquisite, a perfect fit. He could feel her inner muscles working, grasping at him, and it took all his concentration to keep himself from spilling everything. Draco could hear her gasps quicken, and she grew even tighter around him as she approached another orgasm. He reached between their bodies and thumbed her clit. He had to bite his lip harder at the strangled cry she made, the way she arched her body against his.

And then she came, milking his cock, unable to contain herself any longer. With a grunt, Draco opened his eyes and let go.

Ginny gave a contented sigh as Draco settled on top of her. She ran her fingers through his hair, her knees bent and thighs pressed against his hips. "Mm. Wonderful."

Ah, that could give his ego too large a boost. But it didn't matter. Ginny wanted to grin like a loon and announce to the entire world that she had just shagged Draco Malfoy and intended to do it again as soon as she could catch her breath.

He was watching her face, the curl of her lips into a satisfied smile. Draco could see the freckles across the top of her nose were the same color as the ones across her shoulders and breasts, and that her skin was so pale it was nearly translucent. He was sure that no one else had seen her this way in a very long time. She was so open to him in that moment, touching him so tenderly. If she was anyone else, it would have been the perfect moment to leave, to shatter her to pieces and break her heart.

But she wasn't anyone else. She was Ginevra Weasley, and she had become dear to him.

He kissed her, slowly and gently. She responded with the same passion she had earlier, the same artless enthusiasm she gave everything. It was endearing and humbling at the same time. She gave him the same consideration and love she gave to her family and Quidditch, the same fervor of her ideals.

Draco wasn't sure he even deserved it.

He moved slowly inside of her, rocking his hips gently against hers. She made a humming noise deep inside of her throat, a sound of pure pleasure. Draco closed his eyes. It didn't matter if he deserved it or not, if she changed her mind in a day or week or month. Right now she was his, and he had no intention of letting go.
***
***