The Delivery
by Pirette

Laura Dreams.... or does she?

Laura was bordering on giddy. It was the first sunny day, in what seemed like months, actually it had been only about a week. Typical spring storms had kept the sun hidden behind the clouds, even as the weather was finally warming up.

In anticipation of the mild few days she had cleaned the patio, pulled the lounge chairs out of the garage, and set them out. Since her Mistress kept her nude at all times, she did all this wearing only her freckles. Laura had freckles from hairline to toes. They were complimented by her long red hair. Fortunately she lived WAY off the beaten track, there was little chance she would be caught out, naked as the day she was born.

It had gotten warm enough that she was damp with sweat, she went in and cleaned herself up, made a sandwich and poured herself a glass of wine, and brought them out set the tray on the table. She settled into the lounger, after adjusting it for optimum tanning. She paired her earbuds with her phone and put on some nice relaxing music.

She rolled over onto her stomach to even her tan. The warm sun, the relaxing music, conspired with her full belly and the wine, which she rarely drank, to make her drowsy. She dozed for a little while, woke up, and noticed that she'd been lucky, The sun, had gone behind the tree, and then the house, keeping her from burning.

Laura rolled onto her back, and promptly fell asleep, more deeply this time. Deeply enough to dream. She had always had fantasies of exposing herself to strangers, but never had summoned the courage to actually "accidentally flash" anyone.

This was a recurring theme in her dreams. Sometimes she'd dream that she was in a car going thru a drive-thru naked. She'd be acutely aware of the young guy -- it was ALWAYS a young guy - looking at her bare tits, she'd notice her legs we spread, but didn't remember doing it. This left her shaved pussy lips on public display.

In another dream she remembered fondly, Laura was sitting in the front window of an urban cafe, naked of course. She faced the window with her knees spread as wide as the chair would allow. People would stop and point... she knew they were pointing at her tits, and some noticed her pussy, so wet that it was visibly dripping to the floor. Sometimes it was couples, other times a single man, the most embarrassing times it was a gang of boys in their late teens or early twenty's.

Today it was a 'Massage Dream'. In the dream the masseur came in, took the sheet off her, leaving, naked and exposed. His hands would start at her shoulders and work out all the stress in her back. He'd fondle and grope her tight little butt. He seemed to touch, no stroke, every freckle on her body. Once he got to her feet, he helped roll her over, and start working his way back up her body. He skipped over her pussy, but did grope her little tits, she generously called them a 'small B cup'. Since she so rarely wore clothes, she didn't need bras, so the point was moot.

He massaged her tits, pinching and tugging her nipples, for what seemed like an hour. He worked his way down her body and found her pussy, he massaged the folds around it, and finally he started playing with, er.. massaging her most sensitive spot.

His fingers were on her slit, rubbing, touching... then he spread her lips, rubbing each one in turn before he pushed a finger into her, then a second. At first, he held them still in her, then started sliding them in and out. He pulled his fingers out and used her own juices, to lubricate up her clit. He reinserted his fingers, crooked his fingers up and found her g-spot. He rubbed both her g-spot and clit, until she came... When she came, she always woke up.

When she did wake, she was on her back with her feet flat on the ground, on either side of the lounger, spreading her legs wide and even making her outer lips spread apart, a little. She looked down at the foot of the lounger and there were two Amazon boxes leaned against the foot end of the chair!

It all came back to her in a rush, today was her Amazon Delivery Day. She couldn't believe she'd forgotten... then she realized what the driver must have seen... ALL of her, every one of her freckles, her wet pussy.... Her tits with their hard nipples from the dream.

Laura blushed scarlet, and let out a little scream when she realized that she was wet, she must have cum from the dream. As she woke up more, she started to wonder... was it a dream, or was she touched by a stranger in her sleep?

She literally jumped when her phone chirped. It was an email, with a picture, confirming the delivery. It was a selfie style pic, showing the boxes at the foot of her lounger, his hand on her thigh, and her spread legs, with a very went pussy.

She would wonder, for a long time, 'Was it a dream???'
