				03  My cousin Davi
I found my cousin Davi drinking a tropical juice on the corner where we used to live few years ago, I knew him so well that it was just see him to realize he wasn't ok. I came through behind and covered him eyes, he said my name just confirming how connected we were at that time, so I asked him what was trouble him, he said nothing, I asked again, and again, then I asked him to come over to my flat so we could run it through, he agreed, he was so beautiful that day, when we were on the elevator, I felt such a impulse to kiss him madly in the mouth...He was with that romantic lost expression that would give me thrills.
	He was little bit out of his mind, he was speaking very fast and after a while I could figure out some of it, he just had finished with his girlfriend, because he managed to seduce a common friend, who had just finished a relationship with one of his friends, so he was getting pressure from both sides, because his ex-girlfriend was threatening him saying she would take her life away, so he had to give love to her, screwing her, and he was having the best sex of his life with this new woman, and both of them were fairly older then him he was 21, his ex was 26 and the other woman was 29, let's call her Beth, and he was running mad, because everyday something strange would happen to Beth, one day it was the man who has a hidden crocodile farm, what is completely illegal, following her, another day her flat was invaded by cucarachas, on the other day a man who came to give her a massage tried to rape her, on the other day Beth was locked with another woman in her flat. Now this thing of get locked with other women happened more than once with her. Another thing was: He told me that at the begin his plan was to arrange a threesome he and the ex and Beth but everything went wrong cause his ex just went mad, he was trying to convince her that perhaps Beth would be interested, but his ex was not up much to it, and then he was under so much pressure he went crazy. Beth and he would fuck all night and then sometimes another friend of her would visit them and they would talk politely and would go to a restaurant or drink wine and smoke marijuana, this girlfriend of Beth was even older 32 or something and she was interesting and had everything on the right places, her name was Malu and he said that he even thought that Malu would be perfect to join him and beth, but he said he met Malu's boyfriend he had about 38 years old and he was a nice chap interested in nothing in particular, thinking on that he never made any movement, even feeling that Malu could not take her eyes from him when they were in Beth's flat. I was listening to all that and I was getting warmer and warmer, how could my stupid cousin be so nave and silly? He wanted to fuck 2 women, he had now all that for him, Beth confessed to him she had lesbian experiences she did not confirm if she still wanted more, but he never insisted, I asked why if that was his aim at the firs place, he said he was nearly mad, with his ex and stuff he just wanted to survive and fuck, fuck sweet as he was doing with Beth, that alone was already good, very good, he never realized that one of her girlfriends who were locked with her was A. an argentinian girl who was studying cinema in Brazil and was known as a lesbian. He said he just had his weirdest cum of his life, last week he managed to fuck Beth's ass after licking her buttocks and ass, but last night he cum into her mouth after she had sucked his ass. He said that nearly dreaming, cause he would not say that to me, my pussy was nearly exploding all that I wanted in a man at that time was just in front of me, my crazy cousin, I curved my self to the front trying to make my dress, which was large at the front, display my beautiful tits to my cousin, I was just looking to his trousers, looking where his penis was, looking for his sweet ass, I wanted to eat him all, and I never had a man to me, I wanted him badly, it was my arousing, I was again in need of love. He did not touch, perhaps he did not realize, I could have said to him. Davi, you sweet little prick, I want you badly, I want your penis on my mouth and then on my wet pussy and I want you cuming on my ass, please, please, please. I could have said, my cousin, you never realized how much I love you? Take me away, or fuck me here, fuck me anywhere, just fuck me pleaseeee. But I had to respect him something deeper, like respect or something made me stop, no this guy is serious, he is having his troubles I must support him. Then he looked at me and said, what am I talking here. You were opening your heart to me sweetie, I said, it's ok, I just want to see you one day with your Beth.
	So I met Davi and Beth together in the Chinese restaurant that a friend of them owned, Beth wasn't very beautiful, but she was strange and sexy, she could not take her eyes from me, yes she excited me so much that under the table I was touching myself, very discretely, her eyes were on fire, I wanted to be fucked by both of them but Davi was in a different world he was always under marijuana effect, so after one month more he finally split from Beth, I went four years later to visit him in Israel where he was living, and he was addicted to cocaine, perhaps he was even selling his ass to get some. When I saw him I just felt sorry for him, he was a weak person all the way, nice but weak, and life is for the strong. It's a pity but that's the truth, stay away from heavy drugs, I don't like junkies really cause you just become slave of something, and I don't like slaves I mean people who made themselves slaves, this do not apply for people who were forced into bondage and slavery. Long time I don't see him, wasted himself on the most stupid way.

2001/5761
please email doloreskrugg@hotmail.com for coments.

