They Finally Told the Truth to Me.

By JSR

Inc, MF, Mf

This story really began long before my wife died. She passed away at age 48. She developed a fast acting cancer, and was dead within 6 weeks of it being detected. I, our son, his estranged wife, and our two grand children were devastated.

I had been very lucky with my investments, and was able to retire a year after she died. It helped that we also had a large insurance policy on her. While I am not rich, I can live comfortably on what I have coming in each month. My son had moved 500 miles away, due to his job. He was making a decent living. He was able to pay the monthly bills. 

However, Janice, my grand daughter, was born shortly after they moved, and when Elsie, my daughter in law, got out of the hospital, she filed for and received a legal separation. Not a divorce, but as close to it as you can get. It made her free to do as she wanted, and John could say nothing about it. But neither one was free to remarry. They so share custody of Bill, their son, who was 3 years older than Janice.

Toni and I were devastated, but there was nothing that we could do about it. When Janice was three years old, we started going and picking her and Bill up and bringing them back to our home for two weeks each summer. This continued until Janice was 9. At that time, we started bringing them down one at a time, so we could spend more time with each one of them. This worked out very well, and we became even closer to the grand kids that we had been. Both of them looked forward to coming down each year.

After Toni was buried, Else ask, Do you still want the kids to come down this summer? I answered, Yes, I want to keep as much of a normal life as I have had. She would want me to still take the kids. She only tolerated them, because I wanted them down. She loved them dearly, but she was never good around children, even when Clint was small, our only arguments were about how she treated him. She felt that children were just small adults and should do as she said, regardless of what they wanted.

Just before she and the kids left for home, she palmed me a note. I just put it into my pocket, and forgot about it. Clint left with them, as they had all come down together, they split the cost of the trip, and made it easier on both of them.

It is remarkable to me that they get along so well, but can't live together. Anyway, the next day I was getting ready to do the laundry, and I found the note in my pocket. I opened it and it read, Dad, this time when you come up to get Bill, instead of staying with Clint, please come and stay with us. Let me know for sure, and when you are going to cum (her spelling, not mine). It was signed, With all my love, Elsie.

This really surprised me, in that in all the other years since they had split up, she had never invited us to stay with her and the kids. Not knowing what to say, I called Clint and ask him if he knew what she was up to. He said, I don't know she has said nothing to me about it. I then ask him, If I do, will you get upset? You know I love her like a daughter, but you are my son, and you come first.

His answer was, I say do it. We will never find out what she is up to if you don't. I said, That's what I thought also, but I wanted to know how you felt about. That means that I will not see you on that trip, but I will let you know what happens.

Two weeks before I was to go to pick up Bill, I called Elsie. I said, I think I will take you up on your offer, and spend two days with you before Bill and I leave to come back here. Is there something that you have in mind? Or is it just being part of the family again? She answered, Actually it is both, but I will tell you about it when you get here. Thank you for being so willing. I said, Elsie, you know I have always tried to treat you like the daughter I never had. To me, you and Clint were made for each other, and I have never understood what happened. She just said, Things change. I have to go now, Janice is having a fit. Bye, Love you. then she hung up the phone.

I then called Clint, and told him word for word what Elsie had said. He said, I am not sure what is going on, but if there is a problem with Janice or Bill, she has not said anything to me, and she usually does, as I do most of the discipline. Well, I guess we will know in a couple of weeks. With Bill here, I may not be able to call you, but I will let you know as soon as I can, after I see what is going on.

On the appointed morning, I got up early so I could be on the road about dawn. I would stop after an hour or so, for breakfast. I always like to start early, so that it is not to late when I get where I am going.  About 5pm, I stopped for gas, and I called Elsie, and said that I was going to find a place to eat, and after I had eaten, I would be there in about another hour. She ask, If you drive straight through after you get you gas, what time would you get here? I thought for minute, and said, It would probably take me an hour to an hour and a half from now. Why? She said, Do that, and I will have a nice dinner waiting when you get here. The kids are getting worried that you will not get here until after they are in bed asleep. I answered, I guess I can do that, it's been a long time since I ate one of your meals. The gas pump shut off about that time, and I said, Look for me shortly. I will be on my way in about a minute. Love you. I hung up the payphone and paid for the gas, and was out the door in about 30 seconds.

I arrived at their home about an hour and 10 minutes later. Both Bill and Janice were waiting outside when I arrived. They practically drug me into the house. Once inside, Elsie came over and gave me a big kiss on the lips, something she had never done before. I did not say anything, but I enjoyed it greatly. I might say at this time, that Elsie was several pounds overweight, and had been since I had known her. Clint always did like them a little heavy. However she had a very beautiful face, and a very good personality. She had me sit at the head of the table, with the kids on either side, and her facing me.

Several times while we ate, she would lean over and I could see that she was not wearing a bra, and the top three buttons on her blouse were not fastened. I had never seen her that casually dressed. After the meal, she had the kids do the dishes, and she and I went into the living room. I sat on the couch, and she sat down beside me. She said, After the kids go to bed, I want to have a talk with you. She then laid her head on my shoulder, and said, Thanks, Dad for coming to stay with us this time. I really appreciate it.

I looked at her and smiled and said, You are my favorite daughter in law, and I am glad to make you happy. She giggled and said, I am your only daughter in law, silly. I kissed her lightly on the cheek and said, Well you don't have any competition there. About that time the kids came in and Janice jumped onto my lap and Bill sat beside me. I felt really great, three of my four most favorite people treating me like I was somebody special. Janice had just had her 11th birthday a couple months ago, and Bill would be having his 14th birthday in another 3 months. Elsie, was 32.

After a while, Elsie told Bill to go take his shower, and then go to bed. He said What about Janice? Elsie said, She is going to use the shower in my bedroom, and then she is going to bed also. Oh Poo, said Janice, but she got up and went to take her shower. Bill did like wise, but since his bedroom was also downstairs, he gave his mom a kiss on the cheek and hugged me and said, Good night grandpa. Elsie said, Stay here, I am going to check on Janice, and I will be right back.

A few minutes later, she came out of her room, wearing a shear nightgown. The light in her bed room made it appear that she had nothing on. She came back to the couch and sat beside me. A few minutes later, Janice came out totally nude. Elsie said, What have I told you about coming out of the bathroom with nothing on? Her answer was, But mom, I wanted to show grandpa something. She then walked over to me and took my hands and put them on her little nipples, and said, Grandpa, I want you to see and feel, my tits are growing. Someday I will have big ones like mom. With that she rubbed her nipples with my hands, and I could feel some puffy growth, barely enough to feel. I said, Sweetie, they feel very nice, but do you think you should be showing them to and letting me feel them?  She said, Yes and when I start growing hair on my pussy, I want you to see that too. Elsie, grabbed her arm and pulled her away and said, Enough, get to bed NOW, and swatted her little behind. Janice started to cry, and I said, Don't cry like a baby, she did not hit you that hard. Please do as your mother told you. I will see you in the morning.

Elsie said, I will be in to check on you, after I check on Bill. She then went down stairs. Five minutes later, she came back up and checked on Janice. Then she laid on the couch with her head in my lap. She said, Bill wanted to pack his stuff tonight, and I told him that he had all day tomorrow to do that. Janice is still upset that she could not let you play with her nipples

My cock was starting to get hard, and I felt her move her head, as it was resting on my cock. I said, You said something about you had something to talk to me about, care to share it now? 

Elsie said, I am going to tell you a story. Please do not say anything until after I have finished. Then we can discuss what I have said. Is that all right with you? I answered, If that is what you want, ok go ahead, I will not say anything until you tell me you are finished.

She said, You have always wondered why Clint and I parted. It was because of you and his mother. Now I am not saying either of you did anything directly to cause the break up. In fact you really had nothing to do with it. I started to say something, but she shook her head no, before she continued.

Clint told me that when he was a young teenager, while you were working night, Toni started teaching him about sex, with practical demonstrations. He told me that eventually Toni got pregnant. He wanted her to keep the kid, but she was afraid that you would leave her if she did, so she got you to take her to the hospital, for a 'routine cleaning'. He was very upset that she did that, but he could not say anything without letting you know that it was his kid. I then told him that I thought that it would be best then if I had your kid, kind of like he fucked your wife and knocked her up, and you would fuck his wife and knock me up. He did not like that idea at all saying that it would not be fair to his mom. I ask him, why not and he said you did not know about it, and she would have to tell him. When we moved away, I told him that until I had your baby, we were through. He did not like that but we decided that if we just got a legal separation, that someday, we could get back together again. I still want to have your baby. And if I do, I will get back with Clint. Now you can say what you think of me, as a slut, or what ever, I will take what you say to heart.

I said, That is quite a confession. However it has some holes in it. First of all, I knew that Toni was going to teach him with hands on experience. We had discussed that several times, so it is not shocking to me. She never told me about it, but I knew it was being done. Second, she had 3 more abortions after his. I know as I took her back to the hospital for the same 'routine cleaning' three times after that, and even though I never let her know, I knew that she had those 4 abortions, and I know at least 3 of the fathers, now that I know who the first one belonged to. I do not blame him, or her, for that one, but the other three, hurt me deeply.

I paused for a few seconds, and Elsie started to say something, and shook my head no, and then continued. The other three, were the result of our one time talk about swinging. We agreed that we would do it, but it had to be together. That is, she could not go get laid whenever she want to, nor could I, but that we would be together when it happened. She brought a friend over one evening, with her boyfriend. She told me before hand that they were primed and ready for some fun and games. We had a nice meal, and then went to the pool (we had one at that time). I took off my clothing in front of them and jumped into the pool, the guy did also, and shortly Toni did the same. Her friend who was primed and ready jumped in in her bra and panties. Her boyfriend got her bra off of her, but could not get her panties off. He then took Toni to the shallow end of the pool, she put her arms on the side of the pool, and opened her legs. He then moved up to her and started fucking her in the pool. A while later we all went back into the house, and he and Toni climbed into our bed to fuck. I was in the living room trying to talk the 'friend' into fucking me. I ask her that knowing that she was ask to come to a swinging event, why she came if she had no intention for going through with it? Her answer was I thought she was joking. I then sat on the couch next to her, and put my arm around her, and tried to play with her tits. She got up took her clothing and said 'when he get through fucking your wife, tell him I am in the car.' 

I went into the bedroom, took my clothing off, and said. I guess we will have to both take her at once. Toni told me to get out of the bedroom and let her fuck him. I then said, After that, she started going out with the 'girls' once a week. Something that she had never done before, and I knew she was seeing some guy. One night I got home from work about 15 minutes early and I saw a good friends truck in the driveway, but there were no lights on in the living room. I entered the house and saw that the bedroom door was shut, so I turned the living room lights on and then the TV. When they heard the TV, they knew I was home. The next thing I saw was my 'friend' with his clothing in his hand heading out the door. A minute or so later, Toni came out of the bedroom with just her bathrobe on. When she sat down she said, 'please don't be mad, it just sort of happened. He came over to see you and I was in my bathrobe and you know what a slick tong he has. He had me in the bedroom before I knew what was happening. I just ask her one question. I ask her 'Did you enjoy it?' She said, 'we just got started, so nothing really happened.' however I could see his cum running down her leg. We got by this incident, but she continued to find guys, no matter what shift I worked. I felt that it was partly my fault, so I stayed with her. Now you can say what you want.

With that she stood up, took my hand and said, lets go make a baby, and it will not be aborted. In the bedroom, as she was undressing me, I ask, Are you sure that this is what you want? Her answer was, Dad, I was never more sure in my life. It will be doing to Clint, what he did to you, and it should heal the problems between us.

I pulled her nightgown off of her shoulders, and let it fall to the floor. Her magnificent tits looked as good as I had ever imagined. I said, Once you get on the bed, there will be no turning back. She then backed up to the bed, sat down and rolled into the center of it and laid with her legs open and her hands inviting me to come to her.

I laid on the bed next to her, and started french kissing her, using a lot of tongue. After a few minutes, I started kissing her neck and shoulders. Then I proceeded down her chest, stopping to kiss and tease each nipple. I lightly bit the nipples and pulled them out until they pulled out of my teeth. Then I did it again. After a few of these, I continued kissing down her stomach, and when my head got to her hips, I put one knee on each side of her, and it put my cock very close to her mouth. She said, You need to move your cock, it is trying to get into my mouth. I answered, That is exactly where it is suppose to go. I want you to give me a blow job while I work down here on you. No, she said. I said, When you got on the bed, you gave me dominion over you, and you will give me a blow job. I can't, she said, I don't know how.

I replied, Just lick it like a lolly pop, and then take it into your mouth and keep licking it all over. You will then lightly suck on it. When I cum, you will swallow it. She said, I will try. I said jokingly, There is no try, there is only do or do not. She said, Now you sound just like your son. I replied, No, he sounds like me. Then I started sucking on her clit. It was still hiding behind it's hood, but with my tongue licking it and a little suction on it, it finally started to come out of hiding, and she had her first orgasm of the night.

I continued playing with her clit until she had two more orgasms, then I started licking inside of her slit, from her clit to her vaginal opening. I began to think that she might bite my cock off, she was putting a lot of teeth pressure on it when she came. I finally told her that I was going to cum, and for her to be ready to swallow all the cum, and if any escaped her mouth, she was to lick it up and swallow it as well.

My cock never softened up. So I now turned around and then had her get on her knees, with her head down resting on her arms. I then started fucking her dogie style. I entered her slowly, so that she could adjust to me, and then started increasing my speed, until my balls were slapping her on her clit every time I hit bottom. Since she had just emptied my balls, I was able to keep stroking her for about 10 minutes, before I hit bottom and stayed there. About half a second after I hit bottom, I shot one of the biggest loads I have ever had. She squealed with delight, feeling my cum force its way into her womb. We laid there with my cock blocking the sperm in her, until my cock slowly retracted to its normal size, and popped out of her pussy.

She pulled me close, and said, If you wake up during the night, I want you to fuck me again even if I am asleep. Just force it into me and make sure I get another load in me. I am sure that we will make a baby tonight as it is my most fertile time. She then said good night, and turned the light out.

I awoke a couple of hours later, and had a hard on. I rolled her over onto her back, and got between her legs, and shoved my cock into her pussy as hard and fast as I could. I knew it was hard because I needed to pee, but I thought I might as well take advantage of the situation. After fucking her for about 20 minutes, I did get to the point where my system changed its mind, and I blew another load into her. I then went to the bathroom and spent half an hour before I could pee.

In the morning, I was awaken by the kids. Elsie had sent them in to get me up for breakfast. They both wanted to know where she had slept, and she said, the couch was just to hard for grandpa, so he slept in my bed. She never really answered their question, but they thought she had.

Elsie was wearing the same nightgown that she had worn the night before. Evidently she wore it often around the kids, as they did not seem to think it strange that their mom was almost naked in front of them and me. Knowing I would be there all day, they went out to play. Bill was told that he had to pack after lunch, as we would be leaving early in the morning. After they went out, I ask Elsie about the nightgown, and she said, Most of the time, I never put anything on until after they leave for school. They see me nude a lot, and I hope that you will also. Now I think that we should have another go at making that baby before they get back. It was almost an exact repeat of last night, except that she took my cock into her mouth without saying anything, and did a better job this time. After we were finished we both showered together, and played with, and washed each other. More fun than I have had in a long time.

That evening Janice, did a repeat of the previous evening, in that she came out nude to make sure that I could see that her tits were getting bigger. We put the kids to bed early, so that Bill would be fresh for the morning, and we spent another evening fucking. 

In the morning, we let Janice sleep, while Bill and I loaded the car. Once we were ready to go, we went back inside to say good by to Elsie, and she and Janice were both standing nude waiting for us to hug them goodby. Both of them made sure that I felt their tits rubbing against me.

The drive home was uneventful. For two weeks Bill and I had a great time, swimming, fishing and just hanging out. Bill never complained. He was always up for whatever I had planned for the day.

Elsie called once to talk to Bill, and Janice had to talk to me. All she wanted to talk about was how her tits were growing and how she wanted me to see them as they grew.

When I took Bill home, I dropped him off at home, and told Elsie that I had to talk to Clint before I took Janice back with me. I then headed to Clint's place.

When I got to Clint's place, he was chomping at the bit, wanting to know why Elsie suddenly invited me to stay with her. I said, Let me relax for a few minutes, and I will let you know. I need a drink, do you have any JB on hand? He said, You know I keep some just for you, then he brought me about 3 fingers of it, which I downed in one swallow.

Once I had relaxed a short time, I pulled a tape recorder out of my pocket, and said, She did not know that I recorded this, but it will explain exactly what she wanted. I then turned the tape on for us to listen to. I ask him not to ask questions, until we had heard the whole thing.

Once the tape stopped, Clint was red in the face, and sweating. I ask him if he knew that I had known that he was fucking his mom, and he said, No, I did not know that you knew, and I also did not know that you knew that she aborted the baby.

Did you know about the other three abortions, I ask? No, he answered. One more question, I said, Is it true that you two split up because you would not let her have my kid?

He answered, Yes, because I knew mom would find out about it sooner or later, and blame me for everything. I said, As you heard on the tape, I knew about you and your mom, in fact I encouraged for her to teach you. If you had been a girl, I would have been the one teaching you. You are not just making that up, to make me feel better, he ask? I said, No it is the truth. Where do we go from here, he ask?

I said, After you get off of work tomorrow, meet me at her house, and the three of us will talk about where we go from here. In the mean time, you think of where you think this should go, as will I.

In the morning, Clint left for work, and I headed to Elsie's. By the time I got there, the kids were at the swimming pool next door. I could hear them yelling with their friends. Elsie opened the door dress in a casual house dress. When she saw it was me, she grabbed my arm and pulled me inside and kissed me. As she was kissing me, I unbuttoned her dress, and was not surprised that she was nude underneath. 

Her dress was dropped to the floor, and she led me to her bedroom. She got on the bed in the dogie position and said, Get your clothing off and fuck me please. I was more than happy to accommodate her. Once I had my cock fully inside of her, she said. Please make my tits happy, pinch, and pull them until the hurt. I want to cum when you do and that will help.

Being the type that tries to accommodate, I grabbed both nipples and pinched them very hard, and pulled on them like they were the reigns of a horse. I pulled and pinched and after her nipples were raw, I grabbed hold of her tit flesh and started squeezing as hard as I could. She was having an orgasm every few seconds. When I told her I was ready to cum, she said, Keep squeezing my tits, like you are, but even harder. I must have squirted at least 8 times into her womb. We collapsed onto the bed, and laid there until my cock slipped out of her. She then turned around and started giving me a blow job, saying, One more time, before the kids get home.

This time we got into the missionary position, so I could kiss her and again mall her tits, while she played with my balls. It had been so long since I had my balls played with, that I came immediately, but she would not let me stop there, she kept pulling me tight into her, and with her playing with my balls, I came again three or four more times.

Once I was out of her, she laid there with a smirk on her face, and I ask her, What are you so happy about? Her answer was, I did a home pregnancy test last night and congratulations, you will be a father again in about 9 months. I then ask, Does that mean that you and Clint will be getting back together? She said, I guess that it will be up to him. I said, He is coming here after work today. I told him last night what was happening, so you can tell him your news, in front of me, and we will see what happens.

We both got into the shower, and played with and washed each other. We dried each other as well, and I said, I don't know to many men get to fuck and clean up their daughter in laws. She said, I hope we can do it more in the future, with Clint's approval, and maybe the two of you can make a sandwich out of me now and then.

I ask her, Do you like being fucked in the ass? She said, I have never done it, but with the two of you, I will do anything. I want both of you to be very happy, and sexually satisfied.

Shortly the kids came home for lunch, and I told Janice that she should get her things packed, as we would be leaving in the morning. She and Elsie disappeared into her room, and a little while later emerged with her suitcase ready to go. I had her put it in the car, and then for the afternoon the 4 of us played board games, waiting until Clint arrived after work.

Elsie had supper almost ready, when Clint arrived. He ask if he could use her shower, and said that he had brought clean clothing to put on after he cleaned up. She said, By the time you get showered and dressed, supper should be on the table.

After we had finished supper, the kids were put to cleaning up the table and kitchen. Clint told Elsie, We need to talk, in your room with the door closed. The kids should not hear this conversation. Dad, will you keep the kids occupied while we talk? I said, Sure, take your time. I smiled a little thinking that they might end the conversation with his cock buried inside of her pussy.

When they finished their talk it was about time for the kids to go to bed. Clint kissed them good night, and told Janice to have a good time with grandpa. He then left to go home.

Once the kids were in bed, Elsie said, Dad, why did you tape our first conversation? I answered, I did not know just what you wanted, and since Clint was not privy to it, I felt I needed some backup for what might transpire. If it offended you, I am sorry, but I think it helped me explaining things to Clint.

Elsie said, No I am not offended. In fact I agree it was a very good idea. It made our conversation tonight go a lot smoother that I had imagined. Very good, I said, and just what was the conversation, and the outcome? Apparently, you did not tell him that we had fucked. He was very surprised when I told him I was pregnant with your baby. He was a little upset at first, but when I told him that he was welcome back as my husband, and bed mate, he settled down somewhat. While he was fuming, I removed my clothing and started stripping him. Once he realized what was going on, he ask, You really want me to fuck you now? I told him Yes, what better way of saying it was ok to get pregnant by your father, and I do intend to fuck him again in the future. Hopefully with you either present and/or with your consent. She continued, By the time you are ready to bring Janice home, we should be in a larger place, together. I also told him that you would be sleeping with me again tonight, and he said I guess it is ok now. I know that mom cannot be hurt by it.

Early the next morning, Janice and I were on the road home. After the long drive, we ate at a restaurant, then went home. Shortly after we got home, a thunderstorm came up. I Put Janice to bed, in the spare bedroom, and went to bed. I normally sleep with an old bathing suit when the kids are here, but nude when they are not. This night I was tired, and forgot to put the bathing suit on.

About midnight there was a very loud crash of thunder. It woke me up, but I rapidly went back to sleep. When I awoke in the morning, Janice was in bed with me, snuggled up to me and was nude. She woke up as I was trying to get out of bed. She smiled at me and said, Good morning, Grandpa. I answered, Good morning, and just what do you think you are doing in my bed, without any clothing on?

She said, I was afraid of the thunderstorm, and came in here for protection. I did not stop to put my panties on, and I notice that you did not have anything on either. I said, Young Lady, it is not proper for you to be nude in front of a man, meaning me, your dad, and your brother. I know you are proud of your body, but it is not proper for you to show yourself to everyone. I don't show it to everyone, she said, I only show it to mom, dad, brother and you. Mom and dad seem to think it is ok for me to do so. I replied, I guess that if you parents let you do it, I guess I will have to accept it. I do like seeing you, but I want you to be very selective as to who does see you, like this.

Now, put your bathing suit on, and after breakfast, you can go to the pool with the other kids. I fixed breakfast, and Janice appeared with just her bottoms on, and I said, Where is your top? She said, I don't need one yet. I answered, Yes you do, now put it on, or you do not go to the pool. She said, Ok but I still do not need one yet. She then went and put it on.

The first week she was with me, we spared like that almost every day, and whenever she would wake up at night, she would crawl naked into bed with me, then cuddle up to me.

On Monday of the second week, Elsie called and ask if I could keep Janice another week. She explained that she would be moving, and it would be better if there was one less kid trying to help. I said, No problem, but I do have a question. Janice wants to be nude all the time in the house, and to sleep with me nude at night. She said that you allow her to do that at home. It is a constant battle, so I thought that I might see what you have to say. Elsie said, Right now, I would say to indulge her. It won't be long before she will want to be doing it with boys her own age, then she will leave you alone, as an 'old fogy'. Also we will talk about it when she gets home. Is that satisfactory? I answered, I guess that will work, for now.

Another week with Janice nude and sleeping with me was driving me crazy. It was all I could do not to fuck her. Near the end of the week, she started playing with my cock. I tied not to cum, but it was useless. The little mink didn't realize how close to being raped she was. The first time I spurted cum, she ask what that was and I told her that it is what makes babies when injected into a woman's pussy. She thought about it for a second and ask how such a large thing could be put into her little pussy. I told her that she was to little yet, but that in the near future, her body would change, and then it will allow a man's cock to slide into her. I also told her that she should be asking these questions of her mother, and not her grandfather. Her answer was, She always tells me to talk to you when I want to know something about my or my brothers bodies. I answered, I will talk to her and see what she says about it, when we take you home. Ok she answered.

It was about 8pm when I finally got Janice home. It was the same house that Elsie and Clint had lived in before the separation, which surprised me. I ask about how it came about, and was told, When we have our talk tomorrow, you will know everything, but not tonight. The kids will be spending a couple of days with my mother, and we will be able to talk without interruption.

I had a good nights sleep. I did not have to worry about Janice, with her mom and dad there. It was not that I did not appreciate her, but one not yet fully into puberty, could get me in a lot of trouble, especially since she was my granddaughter.

After a good nights sleep, I felt better. Elsie's mom picked the kids up and took them for the day. Once they were gone, Clint and Elsie were ready to talk to me.

Clint said, Most of this I think you know, but at the time, I did not know that you knew, and there fore did not say anything, because Mom told me that you would be quite upset if you knew. I loved mom very much and tried not to say anything that would upset her. Not that I don't love you the same way, but you never put pressure on me to keep something secret. Anyway this whole mess started on my 14th birthday. If you remember, you were working evenings, and it was a Saturday. We had my party at lunch time, before you went to work.

About dark, mom put on some music, and started dancing. I was a little upset, as she had turned off my movie, but as she danced, she started stripping. By the time the song was over, she was nude in front of me for the first time, but not for the last time. She said, that I should never tell you that she was teaching me, as she would be using the hands on, and demonstration method, which you would never approve. Once I had confirmed that I would not tell you, she said that if you ever said anything about sex to me, I was to play dumb and let you 'teach' me. Again after I had greed, she said that this lesson was dancing, and that she would be nude, so that I could see her bodies reaction to the dancing.

I could feel her nipples getting hard as we danced, and she seemed to get short of breath. She then started kissing me on the mouth and then showed me how to french kiss. Now her breathing was getting very rapid, and she said that it was enough for tonight. He continued, A couple of days later, I came home from school and she was laid out on the couch. She told me to take off my school clothing and come to her with nothing on. This day, she had me sit in your chair, and she got between my legs and gave me a blow job, my first. She said that I should hold off as long as I could, but when I did cum, I was to unload it all in her mouth. That amazed me that she would swallow my cum, but she said it was quite tasty.

The next thing she taught me, he said, Was to make her cum, by just playing with her nipples and clit. I complained that she was getting all the enjoyment out of this, and she said that by learning how to pleasure her, it would make what I wanted, much better, and that we would get to it in due time. She was always stressing that I should never tell you about it, saying that you would not approve. But from the conversation you had with Elsie, I understand that she was lying to me, so that she could control me.

Once we finally got to me fucking her, she seemed to be happier that I had seen her in a while. I guess I was doing a good job. But again she stressed that no one especially dad was to know what was going on between us. He paused for a short time, then continued. When I was 15, mom confided in me that I had gotten her pregnant. I ask what dad would say, and she said that he will never find out, that she had a plan to take care of that problem. I ask her what about me, it is my kid also? She said that I was to young to worry about a kid, and to leave it to her. A couple of weeks later, you took her for a 'routine cleaning', which was really an abortion. I was shook up, but she assured me that you did not know it was anything but a routine thing women went through now and then. 

I interjected at this point, I knew at the time it was an abortion, but did not say anything, I was just wondering who the father had been. I knew she was fucking someone, but did not know who.

Clint then said, Shortly after that, you went back on to second shift, and your friend Ken stopped by one evening to see you, and when he found that you were at work, mom sent me to my room, and I heard her say, 'now we can do what you ask me about a few weeks ago.' I then heard the sliding door to your room close. For the next month, once a week Ken would stop by and they would disappear into your room. Then I heard mom tell you that she needed to go in for another 'cleaning' session. I guess that Ken got her pregnant as well. After that he only came around when he knew you were home. Not long after that, mom took a night and went 'out with the girls' and again a few weeks later, you again had to take her for 'cleaning' session. I don't know who the father was this time, but as you know, she opted to have her tubes tied at the same time, thus she would not have to worry about getting pregnant again.

All this time, she was still fucking me at least once a week, and did until I moved out of the house. She never forgave me for doing that, but I needed some space, and wanted a place where I could bring a girlfriend home with out problems. I noted that you never said anything for or against the idea, so I assumed that you approved.

At this point, I interjected, I had no problem with you moving out. You were about the same age that I was when I got my own place. For a while your mom started letting me fuck her again, because she was lonesome, I think.

Clint said, When I went to mom and told her that Elsie and I were going to get married, she had a fit. She brought up all kinds of objections, none of which were valid.

Elsie then said, Once when we were alone, she told me that it would never last, and that he would leave me high and dry. I answered her with, if that happens, it will be because of you.

He continued, As you know mom was almost civil to Elsie after we were married, and when Bill was born, she fawned over him when you were around, but if you were not there, she would hardly look at him. When we found out that Elsie was pregnant with Janice, I started looking for a better job, and found it here. We bought the house before we moved. Just before we moved, mom came to us and gave her ultimatum, either we split up, or she was going to charge me with rape, and incest. We put our heads together, and told her that after we moved, and the baby was born, we would split up. We got a copy of a friends legal separation papers (which was on onion skin paper), figured out what we had to change to make it look real, then typed a new one, with an onion skin carbon copy. We had our friend sign it and it looked very real. That is what you and mom saw. We then got separate places and lived as single people so that mom would never find out. As we got together several times a year, we devised a plan that if you were to pass on, we would just move back together and let her try to do what she said. However, if she went first, we would first of all let Elsie get pregnant by you, to make up for me getting mom pregnant. Then we would move back together as a family again.

So what you are telling me is that the past 11 years have been a lie, because of your mom? If you had called her bluff, she would have backed down in an instant, because she knew I would never let her pull that off, I said.

Elsie said, Yes you would have helped us, but we did not know that you knew Clint was fucking his mom, and she had us convinced that she would carry through with her threats. I love you as much or more than my own father. I certainly would not have given myself to him to impregnate, like I did you, and I would do it a gain with you if I felt it necessary.

I said, Elsie, I love you like the daughter I have never had. I just hope that Clint understands what happened between us. Clint said, Dad, I was the one who talked her into it. And I am happy to say that we will all be better off now that everything is out in the open.

Not quite, I said, There is still the matter of your daughter wanting to be nude around me all the time, and even sleeping in my bed nude. You know I love her to death, but she can drive me to distraction, and I might just forget how old she is some night. Then what will she say, and how would you ever forgive me?

Elsie said, Blame me for that. When she ask why I let you sleep with me, I said, so I can have his baby. She said, that she wanted to have your baby also, and if she was to sleep nude in your bed, could she have a baby. I said no, you are not old enough to have a baby. She said, then I will sleep with him until I am. I can only guess that, that is why she is doing it. You know how willful she can be.

I answered, What do I do now?


Continued???

Comments and suggestions are always welcome


storytellerxxx5@gmail.com




