"THE AFTERMATH"
(OR WHAT FOLLOWS NEXT)
Chapter 5:"Pre-sale inspections: The Two, Blond Slaves"

This is a story of erotic fiction intended for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
the integrity of the story and don't rewrite."

Chapter 5: "Pre-sale Inspections: The Two, Blond Slaves"

Now securely locked back in their pen, the two, blond slaves are
fretful; they are acutely aware of the absence of their fellow
slave.

The black-haired slave, who is nameless like them, has been an
integral part of  their lives since that day, six long years ago,
when the old master had bought the three of them as young
teenagers. In the intervening years, the three had shared the
hardships of their common slavery and had found solace in one
another's company. Working together in the fields had forged
strong bonds of affection between them and this manifested itself
during the long hours of darkness in the juvenile slaves'
stables.

At first, this was simply boisterous rough and tumble wrestling
with each other - as far as their chains would allow - and
enjoying the close, physical contact with one another's naked
bodies. However, as they watched and listened to the adult slaves
pleasuring each other in the adjoining adult stables, they soon
began to experiment with their own burgeoning sexualities.
Gaining the necessary experience from much clumsy fumbling, they
were soon fucking each other - often and enthusiastically. Even,
when on reaching maturity, they were moved into the adult
stables, they still preferred to lie together during the night
and confine their lovemaking to one another.

Now, they are painfully aware that this aspect of their lives is
over; that soon they will be parted and sold to new masters. They
feel an incredible sadness at this separation from their friend.
They are unaware that he is now lost to them forever and that
they will never see him again. Miserably, they huddle together in
a silent embrace and try not to dwell on their own impending
separation.

They still have memories of their lives before their enslavement.
Almost of an identical age, they are cousins - their fathers,
both farmers, were brothers - and they had been inseparable since
an early age. They had lived with their families in a disputed
border area, which had been caught up in one of the many
skirmishes between two warring factions.

Overrun by their enemies, their enslavement was swift and brutal.
The men and teenaged boys had been separated from the women and
younger children and sold to slave buyers from the south.

These slave-buyers, always on hand whenever there was a border
dispute, were eager to snap up any bargains to send to the
southern slave markets. Stripped naked by their captors, the men
and boys were grouped into lots of ten and offered for quick sale
to the slavers. The two cousins were part of a group of twenty
sold to the same buyer who promptly despatched them to his dealer
in the south. Here they were quickly processed into slavery.

They bitterly recall the treatment they received at the hands of
the slave dealer to whom they now belonged. Because of their age,
the young, teenaged slaves were spared the horrors of branding.
However, they were witnesses to the branding of the mature aged
slaves in their group. They watched in horror as their
unfortunate companions were dragged kicking and screaming to the
branding table and securely fastened down. They listened as the
new slaves begged for non-existent mercy and watched as the
branding iron was applied to their left flanks. They heard the
sounds of sizzling flesh and the animal-like screams of the
victims as the brand seared itself into their tender flesh. In
their imaginations, they can still smell the urine, excrement and
vomit of the newly branded slaves.

Their own branding would come later; on reaching maturity and it
would be no less traumatic.

Once branded, all the new slaves were fitted with the
accoutrements of slavery - metal neck collars, wrist manacles and
ankle shackles - and then placed in a pen to await their eventual
sale. Over the next few days they were prepared for their sale.
Their heads were shorn to a proper slave crop, beards removed and
all body hair trimmed back to an acceptable level; the slave
dealer preferred to leave the slaves au naturel - he reasoned it
was the new owner's right to decide whether his new slave
retained his body hair or was made smooth.

Whilst it was usual for the body of a pleasure slave to be
smoothly shaven this wasn't the case for a work slave; most
masters couldn't be bothered with the high maintenance required
in constantly shaving a work slave's body. Such slaves are
periodically tidied up and are allowed to wash once a week. Now
prepared, the slaves were left to fret in their pens and wonder
about their impending sales. They didn't have long to wait.

Next morning they were ordered out of their pens and chaotically
sorted into position, then chained by the neck, one behind the
other, into the order of their sale. The two cousins now found
themselves separated and spaced between two adults. Each slave
was allocated a lot number written in black on the left pectoral
and the right buttock. The numbers allocated to the cousins were
"28" and "33".

Driven out of the pens and into the saleyards, the new slaves
were unshackled and made to stand, chained by the left ankle, on
a long rostrum where they were now available for inspection by
any potential buyer. Here they were minutely examined as eager
hands roamed freely over their naked bodies testing the soundness
of their musculatures. They were made to pose their bodies by
twisting, stretching and squatting and listened as their physical
attributes were dispassionately discussed and argued over by the
many interested buyers. They endured the indignity of having
their balls hefted, weighed and fondled as their penises were
stretched and stroked into erection. And they suffered the
ultimate humiliation of being forced to bend at the waist and
present their asses for inspection. The final inspection was for
the soundness of their mouths and teeth.

At the end of the auction the cousins were overjoyed to discover
that the same owner had bought them. They were chained into a
coffle with another four juvenile slaves and driven out to the
old master's farm where they were put to work in his fields.

The memories of this first sale are still fresh in their minds
and they are only too aware of what awaits them over the next two
days.

Suddenly the door to the pen is unlocked and the two slaves are
ordered out into the centre passageway. Under the impatient
direction of the steward, his two assistants quickly fasten their
wrists to the back of their collars and cover their nudity with
two small squares of thin, white cloth tied around their waists-
one in front covers their genitals and the other hides their
arses. This had been ordered by Dave Matheson as a mark of
respect for the Middleton sisters.  This is the first time since
their enslavement that they have worn clothing of any type and
both slaves are acutely aware of the coarse material exciting
their cocks and rubbing against their buttocks.

Now they are hurried through a series of rooms and passages into
a room unlike any they have seen before. This room is large and
is tastefully decorated in shades of soft grey and pink and
exudes an air of feminine charm and luxury. In the centre of the
room is a raised platform of polished timber and the surrounding
floor is covered in a thick, plush carpet. Scattered around the
room, there are expensive, floral-chintz, covered chairs and
divans grouped around expensive, coffee tables.

Surprised at this turn of events, the two slaves barely have time
to take all this in as they are made to mount the platform and
stand as each has his left ankle locked into short length of
chain before their wrists are unfastened from their collars.

"You two are in luck." The steward tells them. "The master has
had an unexpected request to display you. He thought you'd go to
auction without any interest being shown in you."

Both slaves are naturally curious as to who is to inspect them
but their training prevents them from asking the steward for more
detail. He now instructs them.

"Face the front and assume the display position. In a few moments
two clients will be here to examine you. They are two very
important women looking to buy two, strong slaves like you. It's
important that you both make a good impression. In their presence
you will remain in the display position with your heads bowed.
Under no circumstances will YOU SPEAK unless they give you
permission to do so or if they ask you a question. Then you will
answer briefly and don't forget to call them MISTRESS. You will
obey any instructions they give you IMMEDIATELY and without
comment. I'll have my two assistants standing behind you with
canes and goads and they won't hesitate to use them if you give
them any reason to do so. You'll proudly present your bodies for
any examination and assume any positions they demand of you. DO
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"

Trembling, both the young slaves simply answer,

"Yes sir."

"All right then. Let's get you into position. GET DOWN ON YOUR
KNEES AND DISPLAY!"

Both slaves hastily fall to their knees and assume the display
position; they cross their ankles and spread their knees as at
the same time they hold their upper bodies rigidly erect and bow
their heads. The steward checks out their front and back
coverings to ensure their genitals and buttocks are decently
concealed.

"Now, when the master and his clients enter the room you'll
immediately show them the respect due to them by assuming the
full obeisance position. And you'll stay in those positions until
you are instructed otherwise."

The steward orders his two assistants to take up a position, one
behind each of the slaves and as the door opens, he barks the
order.

"FULL OBEISANCE!"

Immediately both slaves comply with this instruction by pressing
their foreheads and the palms of their hands to the floor. From
this position, they aren't able to see who has entered the room
but are able to hear a woman's voice speaking to Dave Matheson.

"I'm surprised, Mr Matheson. What a delightful room. The dcor is
absolutely stunning."

"Thank you, Miss Harriet. The room was designed by an interior
decorator from a feminine perspective as you can see."

"Yes I can see that, but what I don't understand is why you have
gone to so much trouble? After all, one associates those areas
where one examines slaves as dingy and somewhat seedy."

"That's true; Miss Harriet and the viewing rooms for our
gentlemen clients aren't as opulent as this one. However, given
the increase in the number of lady clients now buying their own
slaves rather than leaving it to their menfolk as in the past, we
here at Matheson's decided we needed to do our best to
accommodate this emerging market."

"I'm surprised to hear that there are women who actually buy
their own slaves. It wouldn't have happened when I was younger."

"You're quite right. But things are changing. With the increase
in the number of successful women in the professions and
commerce, there is now a tendency on the part of these women to
buy their own slaves. They look for greater independence from the
men in their lives."

"Humph! I'm not sure that I fully understand or approve. But tell
me, do these women actually examine the slaves?"

"Of course and we here at Matheson's actively encourage them to
do so. In the past, buying slaves was done exclusively by men. As
a result, most women aren't aware of how to go about appraising
and buying a slave. What we do here at Matheson's is to run
evening supper- seminars on all aspects of appraising, buying and
owning a slave. There's great interest in these events and you'd
be surprised at the number of women's groups and clubs who
request us to stage such an evening for them."

"Really and what form do these evenings take?"

"We instruct the ladies on the characteristics they should look
for in any slave they are considering buying and how to
physically examine the slave to see if he meets with their
criteria. These evenings are all very much hands-on affairs. In
fact, the ladies themselves see these evenings as fun evenings
that boost their confidence in buying and owning a slave."

"And do you use real slaves at these evenings?"

"Yes we do, Miss Harriet. We usually pick an assortment of ten to
fifteen slaves from our pens and present them to the ladies to
practise on. Of course the slaves are cleaned up and presented as
though they are really being sold. They're numbered and chained
up on the rostrum as they would be at a real auction. We have
representatives present who advise the ladies as they move along
the line of slaves discussing or examining them just as they
would at a real slave sale. The ladies become quite enthusiastic
and even have the slaves placed on their hands and knees on the
inspection benches for more detailed and closer inspections.
Then, once the inspections are finished, we have a mock auction
where the ladies actually bid for the slaves to gain experience
for the real thing. The ladies are always appreciative and tell
us how much they've enjoyed the evening. We have many ladies who
attend more than one seminar. And of course it's good practise
for the slaves too. They know what to expect at a real auction."

"Do the slaves object to being examined by women?"

"No! Not at all! They know better than to offer any resistance.
They know they will be severely punished for any acts of
intransigence. In fact, Miss Harriet, I believe the slaves enjoy
these evenings almost as much as the ladies. Certainly, they
become very excited during the evening's activities much to the
ladies delight. And, of course we show the ladies how a slave's
appearance can be enhanced by the use of body adornments and
jewellery. The ladies are always interested in this aspect of
owning a slave. Then we finish the evening by demonstrating the
chastisement of a slave."

"How do you do that?"

"Well, we normally use one of the in-house slaves for that.
There's always at least one of my slaves who warrants a
punishment and we delay that punishment to use as a demonstration
at a ladies' evening."

"What form does this punishment take, Mr Matheson?"

"Oh, it's nothing too graphic, Miss Harriet. We usually limit the
punishment to a caning or a mild whipping. And we allow the
ladies to vote on whether it's to be a caning or a whipping.
Perhaps, Miss Harriet, I could invite you and Miss Martha to one
of our ladies' nights?"

"Thank you Mr Matheson. But I think neither my sister nor I would
be interested in attending such a sordid affair." Harriet
Middleton haughtily replies. "And I think it's time to return to
the real purpose of our visit. Are these the two slaves?"

"Yes indeed they are. Would you like them to stand and display?"

"Not just yet, thank you." Harriet replies as she and Martha walk
slowly around the two slaves looking at their powerful backs. "I
notice they are clothed; is this usual?"

"No. I ordered coverings for them as I wasn't sure if you ladies
would be offended by their nakedness."

"As I said earlier, Mr Matheson, both my sister and I are used to
seeing naked slaves out at the plantation. Could we view them
uncovered please?"

"If you're comfortable with that, then of course, we can remove
their loincloths." Then the dealer raps out the order to.

"STAND AND DISPLAY!"

Unhesitatingly, both slaves leap to their feet and place
themselves on display with their heads bowed.

"I notice their immediate response to your order, Mr Matheson. I
like that. Slaves should obey any instruction given to them
smartly and without question."

"I understand from their owner that these two boys are well
trained in that regard, Miss Harriet. Both of them are loyal,
obedient and hard-working."

"Then why is he selling them?"

"I believe their owner needs quick cash. Indeed he has asked me
to sell four of his slaves; these two, another young field-slave
and his farm steward. All of them are prime stock."

"Then, the man is a fool. Any farmer who sells his steward simply
for quick money is either short-sighted or incompetent. My
experience of such people is that they inevitably end up as
bankrupts."

"I agree, with you, Miss Harriet. I must admit I'm surprised that
he would sell four of his prime stock under such circumstances.
He's young and inexperienced; my guess is that his good fortune
is due entirely to his steward. Without the steward's expertise
he could well be on the road to financial ruin, as you suggest.
If that happens, he could even find himself standing on my
auction block at some future date. Are you ready to continue your
inspection of the slaves? If so, I'll have my steward remove
their coverings."

As the steward uncovers them, both slaves are acutely aware of
their nakedness in the presence of the two, elderly women. Since
their enslavement, they haven't had contact with any females. The
Trevorrow farm is exclusively male in that their master, Andy
isn't married or uses female slaves in his household. Now as the
eyes of the two sisters move slowly down over their naked bodies
to their cinched genitals, they blush with embarrassment and will
their cocks to remain lifeless. Slowly, they feel themselves
stirring.

"I commend you on the slaves' presentation, Mr Matheson. They are
well displayed and their cinches thrust everything into
prominence. They are both very well endowed. I like that in a
slave."

Suddenly, Martha becomes uncharacteristically vocal.

"Oh dear, Harriet. They are bigger than I expected. I don't know
- they almost appear brutish."

"Nonsense, Martha. Of course, they're large. What do you expect?
Looking at them, it's obvious they have spent all their time
working in the fields. They have strong, powerful bodies, which
if we buy them; they'll need for our purposes. Our lawn mowers
are heavy and they'll need all their strength to pull them. And
the same is true of our rickshaw. Their physiques are ideal for
both tasks."

"But Harriet, their bodies are hairy and I much prefer a slave
with a smooth body."

"It's a very simple matter to strip them of their body hair
......" Dave Matheson volunteers.

"I suppose that's an option," Harriet interrupts, "but I quite
like them as they are. Their body hair adds a certain masculine
charm to them. It makes them appear stronger and they only have
light coverings on their chests and stomachs. And I do like their
hair colouring. No, I prefer them as they are."

"But Harriet! Will we be able to control them in harness? They
appear so strong."

"Miss Martha, if controlling them is a concern, you could
consider having them quietened down." Dave Matheson suggests.

"What do you mean, Mr Matheson?" Harriet asks. "By quietened down
do you mean having them gelded."

"Yes, Miss Harriet. At the moment, gelding isn't widespread but
it is becoming popular, especially with our lady clients. Gelding
a slave makes him more manageable. Only last month we sold a
gelded slave to a prominent business woman. We can arrange to
have a slave gelded by a qualified vet for a very small fee, if
that is what the client wants."

"My late father never approved of castrating a slave either as a
means of control or as a punishment and neither do I. As the late
Governor always said if a slave was that out of control so as to
warrant gelding, then the owner was better to cut his losses and
sell the slave to the mines or quarries where discipline is
harsher and stricter. Besides I dislike the appearance of a
castrated slave; they always appear out of balance."

"That can be overcome by using surgical iimplants to restore a
balanced look to a gelded slave".

"Whatever do you mean Mr Matheson?" Harriet asks. "What do you
mean by surgical implants?"

"Once you have gelded a slave it's a simple procedure to replace
the testicles with false ones. In fact, it's almost impossible to
tell the difference. The gelding we sold last month was fitted
with prosthetics and his owner is delighted with the results, She
opted to have prosthetics larger than the originals placed back
in the scrotum; the result is that the slave appears to have very
large testicles suspended in a low hanging sac. This owner tells
me he is quite a conversation piece among her friends. The
prosthetics she chose as replacements are of a soft silicon that
have the feel and texture of the real articles. Fondling him, it
is impossible to tell they are fakes. Of course the slave knows
there's a difference but that is of no consequence. Some owners
choose to use titanium ones that hang low and enhance the slave's
overall appearance. Look let me show you how it's done."

Dave Matheson instructs his steward to place both slaves on their
hands and knees on the inspection bench and then takes up a
position behind the first slave. He crudely pushes the slave's
knees to their maximum width before reaching between his legs and
pulling backwards on the slave's cock; the slave grunts as he
does so.

"Ladies, if you look carefully you can see the slave's testicles
are tightly bunched up in the cinched scrotum and notice how the
skin of the scrotum is stretched taut. It's important that both
testicles are as low down in the sac as possible," the dealer
tugs back sharply on the slave's cock giving the sisters a closer
scrutiny of the ball sac, "and without any possibility of the
slave retracting them. Also the skin of the scrotum must be
stretched tight."

The slave wriggles at the cruel tugging of his genitals and is
instantly rewarded with a sharp slap on the ass with the rebuke
to "STOP MOVING!" The slap echoes loudly through the room.

"Then it's simply a case of the vet making two small incisions
here and here," using his thumbnail he marks two imaginary cuts
at the back of the scrotum, "and popping the testicles out
through the cuts with as much of the cords as possible before
snipping the lot off. Once both testicles have been removed and
the prosthetic implants put into place it's simply a matter of
stitching up the incisions and allowing the slave to heal. Of
course, there are two small scars as a result, but as these are
at the back of the scrotum they're hardly noticeable. Actually,
these scars help us determine if a slave is a whole slave or a
gelding. We occasionally have an owner present a slave for sale
as whole when in fact he has been castrated. However, these
gelding scars don't lie."

"Oh dear. Does it hurt the slave? Does he feel much pain, Mr
Matheson?" Martha asks, sympathetically.

"The answer to both your questions is yes, Miss Martha. Although,
I can't speak from personal experience." Dave laughs at his own
crude joke. "Certainly, I've never struck a slave who willingly
submits to gelding. They all struggle and fight to prevent it
happening."

"Mr Matheson, I notice both these slaves appear to be
disinterested. In my experience when a male slave is being
examined he becomes - what was the expression you used earlier -
he becomes excited which I suppose is a euphemism for aroused.
Neither of these slaves gives that impression. In fact, I'd say
they are decidedly unexcited. Wouldn't you agree?"

"I suppose it's all this talk about gelding that's responsible,
Miss Harriet. No slave relishes the prospect of castration."

"Well they need not worry on that score. If we buy them they
won't be gelded."

"Do you hear that, boys." Dave comments as he playfully pats both
slaves' asses. "You'd better hope that you are sold to Miss
Harriet and Miss Martha on Saturday. Then you'll be sure of
keeping these." He adds as he tugs down on both scrotums.

The slaves give an audible sigh of relief and are determined to
ingratiate themselves to the two sisters.

"May I speak, Mistress?"

The question comes from a slave, who, until now had remained
discreetly in the background. This slave, aged in his
mid-thirties, is tall with a strong muscular physique and has a
handsome face topped by a mop of black curls. And he wears a
loincloth.

"Mr Matheson, this is our major domo, Waldo. Yes? What is it you
want to say, Waldo?"

"Mistress, I was going to ask if you want me to examine the
slaves while they are on the inspection bench."

"Of course, Waldo. Go ahead and make your examination. There are
a few matters that Miss Martha and I want to discuss with Mr
Matheson."

Waldo subjects the two slaves to a thorough inspection as he runs
his hands over them gauging the strength in their shoulders and
backs. His hands slide over their rumps and thighs before parting
their buttocks for a closer inspection. His finger probes at the
entrances to their holes before thrusting through their
sphincters for an internal examination. Satisfied, he withdraws
his finger and now hefts and weighs their balls before reaching
under their bellies to seek out their now hardening cocks -
stretching and manipulating both until they are rampantly erect.
He walks to the front of the bench and begins an examination of
their eyes, ears and noses. Finally, he instructs them to open
their mouths and examines their tongues and teeth. His
examinations finished, he stands, respectfully, in the rest
position with his head bowed and waits patiently for his
Mistresses' attention.

"Well Waldo. What's your opinion? Are the slaves suitable for our
needs?" Harriet asks.

"Mistress, both slaves are in prime condition, their mouths are
sound and their anuses are healthy. Their skins are without
blemish as far as I can see. But I do need to examine their
fronts; for that I need them to stand."

Pleased with Waldo's comments, Dave Matheson orders both slaves
off of the bench and to.

"Stand and display."

Both slaves stand rigid as Waldo now runs his hands over the
fronts of their taut bodies gauging the strength of their arms
and chests before moving down over their firm bellies to the
genitals. These are once more subjected to his close scrutiny
and, helplessly, they feel their cocks responding to his
ministrations. Embarrassed, they are also aware that pre-cum is
now oozing out of their piss-slits.

"I think you would have to agree that both the slaves are now
VERY excited, Miss Harriet." Dave comments.

"Indeed they are, Mr Matheson. Indeed they are."

Tell me, Miss Harriet. Do you want your slave to milk them?"

"I most definitely do, Mr Matheson. We need to know if they are
capable of breeding. Once he has seen them, I should think my
brother will want to use them in his breeding programme out at
the plantation. I have no doubt that these two will be required
for stud duties. But first, I need to ask for Waldo's assessment.
Do they meet our requirements, Waldo?"

"Yes Mistress. They meet all your requirements and without any
reservations, I strongly recommend them."

"Thank you, Waldo. Once again your opinion is most valued."

"Thank you, Mistress." Waldo humbly replies to his mistress'
compliment.

"Do you wish to watch them as they are milked, Miss Harriet?"
Dave asks.

"No! We'll leave that to Waldo to attend to. Perhaps we could
return to your office and discuss Saturday's auction. We, of
course, won't be attending. But now that we know these slaves are
suitable for our needs, we can ask our brother's estate manager
to bid on our behalf. Would you be so kind as to allow him to
inspect the slaves prior to sale? Out of courtesy, I feel we
should ask him to do so."

"Consider it done, Miss Harriet. I'll make it my business to look
out for him and give him hands-on access to the two slaves."

"We're most grateful, Mr Matheson. No doubt you'll set a reserve
price on the slaves. I understand that is the way these things
are done?"

"Yes there will be a reserve set on all the slaves at Saturday's
offering. Look it's difficult to say what the reserve on these
two slaves will be -that won't be decided until later. But I can
say it will be high. As a matched pair they'll sell for
considerably more than if they are offered as individual lots. My
guess is that they'll sell for somewhere in the region of 10,000
to 12,000 drachmae. It all depends on how many people show an
interest in them."

As they leave the room, Dave Matheson turns and instructs his
steward to assist the slave, Waldo in milking the two slaves and
then, when they are finished, he is to return them to their pen.
So pleased is he with the outcome of the inspections, he
uncharacteristically instructs the steward to give the two slaves
an extra ration of food and water as a reward for their good
showing.

Later as they rest in their pen the two slaves talk about the
morning's events. All the talk of gelding slaves has unsettled
them and they are now aware that this is a very real prospect if
they are sold to a master or mistress who decides that this is
what THEY want. They tremble as they realise this choice won't be
theirs' to make.

They are grateful that the two women have stated that they don't
geld their slaves. They hope they will be sold to the Middleton
sisters and, if this should happen, they resolve to be the very
best of slaves; to be docile, loyal, obedient and hardworking.

Back in his office, after saying goodbye to Miss Harriet and Miss
Martha, Dave Matheson is well pleased with the morning's
fortuitous turn of events. For the first time he has made contact
with the powerful and influential Middleton family and if he
plays his cards right - who knows - it could lead to bigger and
better things.

And he has Andy Trevorrow's two, blond slaves to thank for this.


To be continued..........
