Donna - The New Part Time Job
byViredae©

High school was over, and now Donna was gearing up to go to college, except there was one problem:

Summer can be pretty boring when you're broke.

That was the crisis facing Donna, as her parents refused to give out an allowance, and any job she could find at this time of year was either already taken by the hordes of other high school graduates, or paying next to nothing.

Thankfully, there was one job that seemed conveniently unfilled, despite the great pay, and that was waiting at the Dirty Rose, one of the local strip joints.

And this wasn't just ANY strip club, this one had the privilege of being women only in both workers and patrons, lesbian women that is.

Other than the reputation strip clubs tend to enjoy, the uniform was another reason the applicants weren't tripping over themselves yearning to be hired; a french maid uniform with a neckline so open and a skirt so short it made the choice of underwear an important one.

Donna was interviewed by the owner of the club, a woman in her 40s with nary a wrinkle on her face and massive boobs, bigger than Donna's own Cs.

She was fairly keen on explaining the type of work Donna would have to do in this club, things involving the aforementioned outfit, the types of clientele they serve, the things going on in the background.

Donna. Of course, didn't mind one bit, and she was even somewhat disappointed when Cammie, the club owner, assured her that she will not be obliged to do any stripping as part of her job.

On the first day in the locker room, Donna was checking herself out in the mirror, dressed in the saucy maid outfit, consisting of a black bustier and skirt, a small white apron, and a pair of fishnet stocking and stripper heels, as well as a pair of innocent white lace panties and bra set, she looked like she could give an older gentleman a heart attack.

Unbeknownst to Donna, another maid walked in as she twirled to get a better look of her luscious ass peeking out from under her skirt in the mirror, a tall girl with black hair, small perky breasts and a cute tight ass named Gia.

Seeing Donna admiring herself in the mirror gave Gia an idea; this girl was a fresh 18 year old who applied to work in this place as a waitress, and was happy to be wearing such a scandalous outfit, Gia knew she could have fun with this sexy little thing.

Gia finally made her presence known, startling the engrossed Donna who immediately felt self-conscious, not about the outfit, but about her own ignorance of Gia's presence.

"You're new here?" Gia sidled up to the blushing Donna, her question clearly just an attempt at breaking the ice.

"Uh... Yeah, I am." Donna was surprisingly timid, as Gia exuded a form of womanly confidence that could only be acquired by someone who has been wearing the sort of uniform required for the job for a while now.

"Well, this job is the best job ever if you can enjoy it, think you can do that?" Gia slowly scanned Donna's scantily clad form from her feet to her head, which only made Donna more timid being devoured that way.

"I-uh... Yeah, I think I can do that." Donna tried to mask her enjoyment of the outfit and possible exposure she was bound to feel, but Gia was not fooled for a second.

"Well, the name's Gia, and if you ever need anything, just let me know." Gia left the locker room, leaving Donna with a smack on the butt just before she left, causing the latter to jump in surprise.

The first day went by very quickly, with Donna happily aware of the glances at her ass and breasts that she got whenever she bent over to talk to a customer, she was loving the attention this outfit was bestowing her, and it was all intentional.

Of course, Gia made sure to keep an eye on the new recruit, noticing quite accurately that she not only performed well with exposure as a factor, but actively seemed to enjoy the exhibitionist element that came with the job.

At the end of the day, Donna walked back into the locker room with about 300$, this was more money than she'd made at any of her previous jobs in a whole month!

Naturally ecstatic about her new windfall, Donna proceeded to change back into her normal clothes, however, she was interrupted mid change by Gia, who seized the opportunity to greet the half naked newbie, now in nothing but her lace white panties.

"What's up, new girl!" once again, Donna's heart skipped a beat thanks to Gia's sudden entrance, followed by a smack on the rear much like before she began her shift, this time however, Gia's hand lingered on Donna's ass, giving the luscious buns a good squeeze "How'd you do on your first day?"

"Oh um- I did great!" Donna showed her stack of tips, mostly consisting of 5$ and 10$ bills, but there was one 100$ in there "This is the most money I made in a day!"

The response made Gia chuckle, which mystified Donna a bit, she wasn't sure what was funny about what she said until Gia explained:

"Trust me girl, this is just the beginning, you'll be making so much money you won't know what to do with it." Gia took one of Donna's boobs and one of her cheeks in each hand and jiggled them, to great results "Imagine what you could do with these if I gave you some tips!"

Instead of feeling awkward at Gia's sudden intimate groping, Donna was seduced by the promise of more money:

"I could make more? How?" Donna gasped in anticipation, the reaction both surprised and interested Gia; this girl was going to be fun.

"Come by early tomorrow and I'll tell you, sweet cheeks!" Gia gave Donna another smack on the rear (god! Those were so satisfying Gia thought) and left Donna to once again finish changing.

---------------------------------------

The next day, Donna was ecstatic to go to work, for once she had a job that pays great AND was tons of fun to do, she was stripping out of her normal clothes even before she made it through the door to the locker room.

Inside, she was greeted by Gia, who brightened up quite a bit when Donna stepped into the room, the prior already dressed for the job but was the only one left in the locker room, the other girls were already on the floor working their charms.

"Welcome back, Donna." Gia greeted the new girl cheerfully, who replied in kind.

Gia reminded Donna of her proposal last time of how she was going to help her make more tips today, Donna's face brightened up considerably; she was more than happy to receive this advice.

"So first, let's see the kind of underwear you have on." Gia smirked as Donna nodded and began undoing the white blouse and jean shorts she wore today, and soon Donna was standing in the locker room wearing a saucy set of black lace underwear, an excellent choice for this line of work.

"So what I will have you do today is do the same thing you did last night," Gia explained as she walked behind Donna's back, the latter puzzled as to what's going to happen, that is until Gia undid the clasp on her bra "Except this time, you won't be wearing a bra."

"... Huh?" Was all that Donna could say in response, and it didn't take long for Gia to explain.

"Your bustier is half transparent, enough to give a hint of your nipples but not enough to see them clearly," Now Donna's bra was off, and without even waiting, Gia's hands were taking in the size of the trainee's breasts "Even that should be enough to get you more tips, so try it out."

And with that, knowing she was at the best job she'd ever had, Donna excitedly began her second day at work.

And it was true, the customers were far more focused on Donna's half visible nipples, Sadly, despite a more favorable reaction from everyone, nobody seemed to tip more often than the first day, which really worried her.

She even tried to draw more attention to her nipples, doing everything short of pulling the bustier down and shoving her naked breasts in the customers' faces, and even that she considered doing out of desperation.

Dejected, Donna shuffled back into the locker room to change at the end of the day. Gia arrived shortly after Donna, although seeing the young girl change into her clothes was not as fun when she was so downcast.

"What's wrong? Didn't make much?" Gia rested her hand on the small of Donna's back, the latter undoing her bustier to release her large breasts before sighing, half frustrated and half relieved with the sudden loosening of her clothes.

"Two dollars more..." Donna elaborated, showing the wad of cash she made today, though it wasn't obvious, the amount of money she made was essentially the same as the day before "I mean, it's still a lot of money, but..."

"You were expecting more." Gia finished the sentence, and Donna nodded in agreement "I was hoping to save this once you got more experience, but I guess we need to ramp things up."

And before Donna could react, Gia's nimble hands took hold of Donna's panties and yanked them down. Donna didn't even register all of this happening before the last piece of clothing she had was down at her ankles, meaning her stumbling only helped Gia to decisively retrieve the item.

Standing there completely naked, Donna felt a severe blush spread across her body, sure she had gotten naked in locker rooms before, and she wasn't even alone most of the time, but for some reason Gia's forwardness and overpowering presence was really getting to her, and even more, she kinda liked it.

While Donna lost herself in her own thoughts, she felt yet another surprise hit her and jolt her back into the land of the living, a finger ran itself along the lips between her legs, and Donna instantly tensed up in response before looking down, where Gia was examining a little bit of stickiness that remained from her probing.

"Well, at least you're having fun on your job." Gia smirked, she was already loving toying with Donna's, and her perverted nature was getting more visible the more she did this.

Gia looked up to see the visible tension on Donna's face, she was enjoying this, but wondered what was in store for her. Gia decided to put the poor girl out of her misery and tell her what she should do:

"If taking your bra off wasn't enough, take your panties off too." Gia explained in a clinical manner, one that conveyed how mundane this solution was, even though it was anything but mundane "That'll get people's attention."

"O-okay, I'll give it a shot." Donna knew that the fun was over and she now had to get dressed for work, she went out once again onto the floor to try and impress the customers with the extra exposure.

Almost immediately, Donna realized what a big difference this made; the flashes she gave of her pussy and ass were minimal, but the difference in both her demeanor and the customers' reaction was palpable, she was getting more smiles and more attention than before, perhaps because now she was showing something as interesting as what was on offer onstage. The tips quickly piled on and by the end of the day, Donna's haul was significantly higher than before.

After hours, an excited Donna met up with Gia, who was eager to hear the results of her little advice, upon seeing her mentor, Donna squealed in high pitched excitement and announced:

"Three Fifty!" Donna was brimming with energy, barely able to stop herself from hopping up and down frantically, Gia just smiled, somewhat relieved that her advice paid off, not only because of the obvious reasons, but this meant that Donna will be willing to listen to her next advice tomorrow.

"Nice work." Gia just nodded her approval of Donna's improving pay, and placed her bait for the next day "You can do even better, though."

And as expected, Donna's eyes widened with excitement, she was clearly enjoying herself, both the exposure and the pay were making her cooperative and willing to do whatever her helpful senior was offering.

"Don't forget, come tomorrow without underwear." Gia reminded her "protegee" of her wardrobe from here on out, and Donna was more than happy to follow that advice.

---------------------------------------

The following morning, Donna walked in on not just Gia, but two other waitresses she had already met the two days prior.

"Mickey! Jill! Hi!" Donna's pleasant tone was tinged with confusion, as her being a newbie meant that her shift started a bit later, most waitresses would already be dressed and out on the floor before she arrived, but here were Jill and Mickey standing in their normal clothes.

"They're here to help me out before you start work," Gia nodded down towards the bench where a small tote bag sat "Your outfit today is a bit... special, and you need a little help before going out."

As serious and grave Gia tried to sound, Donna could feel a certain level of mischief from her voice, as well as the demeanor of the other girls.

Hesitant, Donna peeked into the bag and froze for a second, thinking that most of the outfit was missing.... Before realizing that it was all there.

"Seriously?" Donna gasped in shock, looking up at Gia, her face barely able to avoid cracking a smile.

"All three of us were desperate enough to do this at one point or another." Mickey chimed in to explain the outrageous outfit.

Donna looked back in the bag, making sure there wasn't anything else in there, before looking back up at Mickey and mouthing the word "really?"

"Uh-huh." Now all three were barely able to contain their laughter, it's not like they were lying, but it was always fun seeing new waitresses go through this challenge "And, uh... That's why we're here."

"Why don't you get undressed first." Gia interrupted Mickey, instructing Donna to remove her skirt and shirt, which the latter obeyed dutifully.

Peeling the red shirt off her body, Donna's breasts popped into view and bounced firmly in their place, and without any hesitation, Donna unbuttoned her skirt and let it slide down her hips, in no time at all, Donna stood there wearing nothing but her sandals.

It took Donna only a few seconds to realize just how much the stares of these three co-workers affected her, she instantly felt her nipples stiffening and her pussy dampening simply from standing there, and it didn't help that the girls began to comment on her state of undress.

"Look at the size of those puppies!"

"Oh she's loving this, you're loving this aren't you?"

"Yeah she is."

Before long, the three girls had Donna against a wall of lockers and completely surrounded, looking at every inch of her naked body.

"Before we let you out there in that outfit, it's probably best to... "Inspect" you a little bit." Gia said as she took one of Donna's breasts in her hands and carefully "weighed" it, making sure to give her nipple a good flick and pinch "wouldn't want you to have an "accident" out there on the floor."

"An accident? Why?" Donna was suddenly nervous about this idea.

"Long-time customers know that they can... "touch" the girls wearing this uniform," Jill explained the outfit Donna was going to wear "they also know that "touching" means you should leave a big tip."

And just like that, Donna went from slightly damp to completely soaking wet.

At that prompt, Mickey and Jill both joined Gia in toying with Donna's body, who somehow managed to suppress her voice while only Gia groped her breast, but now she couldn't take it anymore, she was moaning and squirming at the mercy of the three waitresses, who wasted no time in caressing every part of her, from her luscious legs to her toned thighs, her firm ass and now absolutely drenched pussy, they even took turns deep kissing her, leaving Donna out of breath and subsequently light-headed for most of their inspection.

After a fair amount of "inspection", Donna told the three how close to orgasm she was, three took Donna by shoulder and spun her around, telling her to place her hands against the lockers, not wanting to waste her climax, Donna swiftly complied, sticking out her ass to the three, who continued their joint assault on Donna's body. Soon enough, Donna was brought to a thundering orgasm by her co-workers, her knees shaking as she shot out her juices in gushing amounts all over the locker room floor, just before Donna's knees gave out, she'd need a second before continuing.

"Feeling a little more up to the task yet?" Gia inquired after a few minutes, making sure that Donna, albeit still a little wobbly, could stand and get dressed now.

"I think so..." Donna sat down on the bench, giving another look to the tote bag beside her before making sure to ask yet again "Can I really wear that to work?"

This time, Gia and the girls didn't see the same level shock that carried Donna's question before, this time they sensed a sort of anticipation and excitement in her tone.

"Like I already said, we all did this before." Mickey repeated once again, and Donna fished out her "outfit" from the bag.

The bag was practically empty, the only things in it were the small apron Donna wore with the uniform, which barely covered her crotch and a pair of pasties shaped like doilies, to keep with the maid theme.

After putting on the apron and applying the pasties to her nipples (which were barely covered by them), Donna ventured out onto the club floor wearing practically nothing.

Near the end of the day, Donna thanked her lucky stars Gia and the others made her cum before work; the customers were more than happy to see a girl as beautiful as Donna wearing that outfit, and so a great deal of them took the opportunity to let their hands roam all over her body, playing with everything from her barely covered breasts to her exposed bouncing bubble butt to her once again drenched pussy.

As promised, the guests who had the pleasure of fondling Donna's goods tipped far more than the ones who didn't, Donna couldn't believe the money she was making.

When the day was over, Donna was exhausted and ready to head home and finger herself silly, she wondered if Gia was kind enough to give her another "inspection" before going home, and while she did indeed find Gia in the locker room, Donna had no time to ask for an inspection before Gia informed her that Cammie wanted to see her in the office:

"Don't worry, I'm sure she's not upset," Gia assured the nervous girl, patting her ass gently "In fact, I'm sure she's very proud of your outgoing nature."

And as Gia predicted, Cammie didn't seem upset at all, in fact, she immediately congratulated Donna on her exemplary performance:

"I've never seen anyone take to the job so quickly," Cammie praised my work in the short time I've been here "you even had the drive to wear the uniform I suggested to everyone, but barely anyone dared to wear."

"Um... Thanks?" It's not that Donna wasn't happy with the acclaim, but she was wondering if there was a 'but' coming after this.

"But..." there it is! Thought Donna, however, that interjection was not one of disappointment "I feel like you might be even more comfortable working as a stripper, what do you say?"

Donna froze for a second, was she being offered a promotion?

"Uh..." Was all that Donna could utter after such a sudden proposition, sensing this, Cammie assured her that she could sleep on it, but Donna didn't really hesitate to answer when Cammie spoke again "Oh no! I would LOVE to have that job!"

Cammie was taken aback by Donna's enthusiasm, but immediately shared it as she began explaining the job details, and once again, Donna was more than happy to reiterate her acceptance.

"Before you start though, I'd like to see how well you'd do on a stage." Cammie clasped her hands together "How about we have you give us one tomorrow?"

Tomorrow was a Saturday, so they had opened a little later than usual, Donna agreed to that and went home.

The next day, Donna arrived early and excited, and found Gia waiting for her.

"Hey Gia! Did you hear?" Donna eagerly up to Gia, who was getting ready for work.

"Yeah, and Cammie said to go out in your clothes." Gia led Donna out as soon as she finished dressing, where Donna saw that there were about two dozen people sitting and waiting.

Donna recognized many of them as waitresses and strippers, sitting between them was Cammie, who called out to Donna:

"Donna! I figured I'd invite a few of the girls to watch," she called out, motioning at the stage "I hope you don't mind."

If Donna was wearing any panties, they'd have been soaked.

Ascending the steps to the stage, Donna looked down at everyone watching her, all her coworkers and ever her boss waiting for her to strip in front of her.

Donna heard Gia turning the sound system on and playing some music, and so she began swaying to it, looking down, some of the women already had phones in their hands, recording her performance.

First was her white T-shirt, which up to this point was quite form fitting, and clearly displaying her hard nipples, she slowly raised it, revealing her taut stomach and belly button, she held it in place just below her breasts, showing their undersides, which she was certain were visible from the viewpoint of the audience.

After a bit of teasing, Donna raised the shirt over her breasts left the shirt there to give her nipples a little pinch, before whipping the shirt over her head entirely, leaving herself completely topless.

Donna fumbled for the button of her jeans skirt, she pushed it down once she had it open, letting it show her shaved mound, and before letting everything show, she turned around and slowly slid it off her round and beautiful ass before bending over and giving everyone a good view between her legs of her already wet pussy.

Donna's hands were roaming all over her body, gliding over her toned and sweating body, she took the time to squeeze her breasts and pinch her nipples, and by that point, her hands were slowly moving downwards towards her tingling clit like she was on auto-pilot, without any control over her own movements.

All she could do was look down at the audience watching her gyrate and touch herself, completely naked on stage, they knew what she was going to do, but nobody was even moving to stop her, they didn't even seem upset or taken aback by it, almost as if they were egging her on.

Finally her fingers reached her aching pussy, and she almost immediately exploded in orgasm, but barely held on just as her entire body shivered in ecstasy, she instantly forgot where she was, her fingers wasting no time toying with her clit and mauling her breasts.

A few seconds in and Donna's legs wavered as she sank to her knees, all without missing a step playing with herself, her voice echoing through the quiet hall where she worked for this whole week, fingers sliding into her slippery folds.

Donna's knees were spreading apart as she kneeled at the edge of the stage, her soaking wet pussy in plain view of everyone, all eyes were on her masturbating at her own workplace, the only sounds were her own moans and the lewd sounds her fingers were creating.

It didn't take long before Donna felt herself reaching a climax, she was announcing this to her audience as she bucked her hips and finally released her juices, sitting quite so close to the edge, Donna was sure she had showered some of her watchers with her juices.

Sitting back and breathing heavily, Donna finally managed to rest a little, after a minute, Donna's focus finally went back to her audience, remembering that they all had their phones, and even some cameras with them, she had just given her own co-workers a free video of herself masturbating, and if they decide to use that, Donna would be absolutely helpless.

"That was certainly going above and beyond your job description, Donna." Cammie finally broke the silence that fell over the stage, she had a knowing smile on her face, she brandished her phone, catching Donna's eyes "I also hope you'll be very attentive to what your co-workers ask of you from now on."

Just as she had feared, Donna's work mates were probably going to use this video as a way to do all sorts of things to her, and even though she had just cum, Donna felt herself getting squishy yet again.

By now, everybody was aware of Donna's habit of getting herself into situations like these, and many in the audience were aware that this Donna herself was more than willing to do so, so her smile in response to the realization did not shock them.

"Oh dear..." Donna mumbled as she fought to keep a straight face, but the idea of being blackmailed into far more lewd and salacious acts was too seductive, everyone was aware that Donna loved the idea.

Once she was well rested, Donna's clothes were taken away from her, there was still some paperwork to finish before she could be officially promoted from a waitress to a stripper, and so she still had to wait on the guests this day as well, but to prepare her for being naked in front of larger crowds, they decided that she should wait on them completely naked.

And so Donna's last day as a waitress began, serving the guests naked only encouraged them to intensify the amount of time she was getting groped, she even had to spend minutes on time standing in place while the guests enjoyed themselves by thoroughly molesting her bare body.

It was no surprise that this ignited Donna's lust with intensity, in fact, Donna had several more orgasms from the guests' hands, she was mercilessly fingered, pinched and spanked into a barely coherent sexual mess, only stumbling between guests, not to serve them but to be toyed with like a sex doll.

And the day didn't end there, as Donna returned back to the locker room empty handed, since Cammie informed everyone that she was free for use, and that it was not necessary to tip her.

Inside the locker room was half a dozen of the staff, some strippers and some waitresses with Gia in front of them, all waiting for her to return, once they spotted Donna, Gia put on a faux pout, as if upset with Donna:

"Donna! You know that no one was able to focus on work today all thanks to you?" Gia reprimanded the now barely upright girl, who was on the edge of completely losing herself in a haze of pleasure "The strippers couldn't strip and the waitresses couldn't serve, the pay for today was horrible."

"I'm sorry..." Donna barely eked out, aware of where this act was going, and she was ready for it, she wanted nothing more than to ride this wave of sexual euphoria to its end "How could I make it up to everyone?"

"Well, for starters, we want you to lie down on the bench." Gia motioned at the bench with a smile, and Donna gingerly stumbled onto it and lay back, waiting for the next command "Good, now let these ladies find some pleasure of their own, you made them very horny today, after all."

And so the first of the women took her place atop of Donna's face, who readily began licking her somewhat moist pussy as hands assaulted her body once more, she even felt something push deep inside of her pussy, something thick and vibrating!

This continued for several minutes as Donna pleasured the "disgruntled" women one by one, all while being pleasured herself by the hands and toys of the waiting ladies, Donna must have had as many orgasms as she did out on the floor, not to mention her face being covered with various juices from the women she pleasured.

By the end of her disciplinary session, Donna was practically passed out from pleasure, she was gently ushered out of the club and into the parking lot, driven home and sent in by Gia, of course, Gia didn't bother to dress Donna, so the latter was completely naked all the while.

Donna slept like a baby that night, and found herself as sore as she had ever felt by the next morning, she had sundays off, so she took the opportunity to relax and do nothing but sleep and masturbate all day long.

When she went back to work two days later, Donna was met by Gia, and immediately remembered the events of her last work day, feeling a blush radiate through her entire body.

"Hey Donna, how was your weekend?" Gia grinned, she could tell that Donna was still thinking about the events.

"I-it was good..." Donna mumbled, slightly fidgeting and sporting a sheepish smile on her face.

"So today's your first day as a stripper!" Gia clapped her hands together, pointing at the same tote bag she'd used before "Cammie says you'll still wear your old uniform today."

Donna got dressed, she was once again dressed in her entire uniform, including a pair of panties that Gia provided (she assured Donna that it was clean) alongside the bustier, skirt, apron, fishnet stockings and of course the high heel shoes.

Going out onto the floor, Donna made a beeline towards the backstage area, where Cammie was waiting for her:

"Good afternoon Donna, ready for your first real live performance?" Cammie smiled as Donna walked backstage, looking around at the different stripper who were awaiting their turn to get on the stage.

"Yeah, I'm as ready as I'll ever be..." In truth, Donna was feeling a little anxious, last time it was a small crowd of her own coworkers, people she knew at least a little, people who, in turn, knew her back and were aware of Donna's inclinations, for whom Donna's performance was just an inconsequential side amusement.

This time Donna was going to go out on stage completely blind, the people she was going to strip for were complete strangers, people who Donna would probably never see again after this summer, and who were quite invested in Donna giving a top notch performance.

"Don't worry, you're gonna do just fine," Cammie sensed Donna's nerves, and wanted to reassure her "tell you what, It's Michelle's birthday today, so we'll be having a party after work, why don't you come? I'm sure that we're going to have a blast."

Donna nodded and lounged around backstage until the announcer called her onto the stage, letting everyone know that she was a new hire, that this was her first dance ever (not quite true, but what the audience didn't know wouldn't hurt them), and that she was going to "Change from her old uniform into her new one right on stage!"

Emerging from the doorway and facing the crowd, Donna looked down and saw the much larger crowd of strangers she was to entertain.

The music kicked in, and Donna's nerves disappeared almost the second she began dancing, she swayed with the music and teased the audience with flashes of her panties and clear views of her cleavage, something they seemed to enjoy.

The first pieces to come off were her shoes, which she dangled over the edge of the stage as she danced stretched for the audience's pleasure, kicking them off and sending them flying backstage.

Next came the skirt, she had her apron on which meant she could tease the audience with it some more, but she could also give them a good look at her luscious cheeks, something she made sure to emphasize once the skirt hit the floor.

After a bit of dancing and teasing, Donna reached back to undo the bustier, which Gia thankfully taught her how to tie so that she could take it off easily, which worked without a hitch as the bustier loosened and let Donna's breasts pop out freely before Donna tossed the removed article aside.

The crowd went wild at the sight of Donna's massive breasts, she could feel herself getting hornier as she unconsciously caressed her breasts and pinched her nipples, but reminded herself that this was a job, maybe this is why Cammie invited her to the party afterwards.

Trying to keep focus, Donna danced again to the rhythm, making sure to savor the eyes that were devouring her bare flesh, she knew she had to keep dancing even after she was naked, so this was going to be a test of her "endurance".

Donna opted to leave her apron and stockings on until the end, meaning that she now had her back to the audience, her hips swaying hypnotically as she reached back to push the transparent panties that Gia had picked out, a thought popped into Donna's head how Gia was probably going to have to wash these panties yet again.

The panties slid down Donna's heavenly legs, and Donna paused for a second to allow the audience a clear and unobstructed view of her wet pussy, which had probably flowered open from her heightened lust, if the audience had noticed they didn't let on, since their reaction was the exact same level of applause throughout the entire show.

Donna danced some more, giving the audience time to soak in the view of her exposed breasts and ass, she was beginning to sweat and gain a glisten which the audience seemed to like.

After a while, it was time to remove the last piece of clothing she intended to remove in this show, the apron.

A simple enough task, she reached back and undid the string that held the small apron against her crotch, letting it flutter down onto the stage floor, Donna was now effectively naked, dancing on stage in front of a crowd of attentive strangers, halfway to orgasm but somehow managing to hold back her desire.

She continued dancing, every minute she continued to dance she sank into a deeper haze of pleasure and ecstasy, not able to gain release but continuously feeling its tantalizing call.

Eventually, the announcer thanked her by name, signaling her time to bow out, she was relieved to finally leave the stage, any longer and she would have probably started masturbating on stage yet again, probably to a less desirable outcome.

Backstage, Donna was once again greeted by Cammie after the other strippers congratulated her on her first show, each giving her a nice smack on her ass, by the time they finished congratulating her, Donna's world came slightly into focus.

Cammie wanted to watch her new hire work her first show, she was thoroughly impressed and offered Donna a ride to the party.

"Should I get dressed?" Donna asked, only half aware of the world around her.

"Only if you want to." Cammie's smile showed only a tiny hint of mischief, she was perfectly okay with Donna's love of baring herself, and she was apparently willing to have fun with it along the way.

And so Donna found herself going on a ride naked yet again, this time to one of her coworkers' birthday party, where by now, she had no doubt that she was meant to be one of the party's means of entertainment.

Michelle came out to receive them at the door, she gave Donna a good look, admiring the naked beauty's form, nodding in approval as she let them into her house.

Inside the house, many of the guests had already arrived, many of whom were people she worked with, so they were not that surprised to see Donna arrive naked at this party, with that Donna began mingling with them, and they occasionally took the opportunity to grope and finger Donna, bringing her even closer to orgasm, but not quite there yet.

At one point, the bell rang and in came a police officer, telling Michelle that they had a complaint filed against them, that this party was over the allowed legal limit of sexy, just before he began dancing to music.

The officer was a stripper himself.

For a few minutes, Donna was enjoying the show just like everyone else despite her own nudity, that all changed when the stripper, who called himself Brad, beckoned her over, at first Donna was hesitant, but after a little nudging (both literally and figuratively), Donna found herself in his muscular arms, where he kissed her long enough to make her head spin.

Donna was already teetering at the edge of climax, so this extra push made her putty in Brad's hands, he pushed her down in front of his speedo clad cock, which was heavily straining the thin material, Donna looked back at the other party guests, who happily egged her on, and finally went back and slipped Brad's massive rod out.

The sight of it made Donna gasp, but she was more than happy to take it in her hand and soon in her mouth, it didn't take long before her head was bobbing back and forth along his shaft, the simple act of sucking him off was getting her even hornier.

She stopped for a second, but only to wrap her massive tits around his thick member she began massaging him with her breasts as she craned her neck to lick and suck his tip as she rocked back and forth.

Brad pushed Donna back, and positioned her on her hands and knees before thrusting his giant cock into her already lubricated pussy, Donna climaxed almost immediately, but Brad didn't stop, so she came with orgasm after orgasm as she was pounded from behind, her arms gave out and her back arched as her face sank into the floor, she was still orgasming for what seemed like minutes on end before Brad picked her up and began bouncing her on top of his massive member, Donna's breasts were bouncing wildly as she moaned loudly and out of control, she wasn't even aware of the audience around her, all she could feel was Brad's cock inside her, driving her crazy.

Brad finally laid Donna on her back on top of a coffee table (which could barely take her weight) and delivered his load inside her, the walls of Donna's pussy squeezing the cum clean as she finally managed to regain her senses, she just fucked a stripper in front of all her coworkers, who were excitedly cheering her on and filming her the entire time.

As Donna finally managed to stand (albeit gingerly) after her gigantic orgasm, Cammie and Gia came up to her, one on either side, and addressed the party:

"Everybody, give it up to our newest stripper!" Cammie bellowed out, and the crowd responded in turn with a loud cheer.

"Welcome to the club, Donna." Cammie leaned in and whispered into Donna's ear, giving her a nice smack and squeeze on the rear as Gia did the same from the other side.

Donna thought to herself yet again, this was the best job ever. 

