Manipulating Mona
by unfair

Chapter 32 – New lows

Mona snuck out of the house early the next morning, she knew her mother would never allow her out in the outrageous outfit she was wearing. She walked down the road as quickly as the scant bits of material would let her, without giving passers by a welcome glimpse of what was below.

The conservative look she had clung to just a few weeks ago, now felt like a distant memory. How she wished she could go back to being invisible, as she felt another strangers eyes linger on the nipples showing through her translucent top.

Arriving at school gave no reprieve. Mona’s tormentors were at the gates to meet her. They giggled as Mona pulled at the bottom, then the top of her skirt in an ever failing attempt to conceal the most skin she could.

Ashley was in a good mood, she had a couple of surprise instructions waiting for her little play thing.

“I’m feeling generous today babe, so I have a deal for you”.

Mona gave a blank look back, she’d long given up any hope of any mercy from Ashley.

“Well cheer up!” Ashley chastised her, “I’m going to give you a chance today to earn your freedom. All you have to do is follow 1 rule and complete 1 task today, and you’re done for good.”.

Mona’s ears did prick up with an ounce of hope at this, being free of Ashley’s grip felt like a dream to the girl.

“However”, Ashley continued, “if we judge you’ve failed at either, then we’ll pick a random selection of the pictures to put online. Not that a slutty act like that would surprise anyone after what they’ve read in your diary.”.

It was true. After Mona had finished uploading her diary last night, Ashley had made Mona send the password to the school forum. Unbeknownst to Mona, Ashley had then made some tactical alterations to the diary.

The school had woken up to read about Mona’s hots of many of the boys in her class, as well as graphic descriptions of how she’d played with shaved pussy thinking about them. Ashley had then promptly changed the password ensuring Mona wouldn’t be removing the embarrassing material.

“Don’t worry btw babe, we’ll be making sure no one has missed it” Ashley said mockingly “...anyway, you must be dying to hear your fun tasks for the day”.

Ashley paused dramatically, enjoying seeing Mona holding her breath. “Your task will be...that in every class today, you will sit next to a boy. You then have to get said boy to touch you in one of your...key areas, you know the ones they’ll want to touch.”

Mona’s brow furrowed at the prospect before her. “And you’ll be happy to know the rule also goes hand in hand with this. All of today you are not allowed to refuse or discourage any advances, by either sex. We’ll step in if things get out of hand, but what counts as unwanted sexual advances are no longer your decision” Ashley finished matter of factly.

Mona thought she might pass out. What Ashley was basically saying, was that Mona had to encourage the horny boys of her class to help themselves, and then not send and signals to the contrary. This would be her reputation finally rock bottom, if it had any lower to go. And surely Ashley couldn’t be serious about “either sex”. Mona had never considered doing anything with a girl, and hoped she wasn’t about to start.

Mona started to walk away in a daze towards school.

“Hold on!” Ashley stopped her, “we haven’t done your inspection yet, lift your skirt, legs apart”.

Mona gulped as she shyly lifted the short skirt just past the lips of her pussy. She’d forgotten to shave it this morning in her rush to get out, and knew Ashley wouldn’t be one to let it go.

Mona stood there skirt lifted nervously looked around for any students close by, as Ashley and co. smirked at the light dusting of hair on the girls exposed snatch.

Ashley tutted “Naughty girl! Well luckily for you I came prepared.”. Mona didn’t feel lucky as Ashley withdrew a pink razer from her backback. “I found this on the floor in one of the bathroom stalls. I wouldn’t use it, but I’m sure it’s good enough for your pussy”.

“You’ll use this in the bathroom before first period, and it better be silky smooth. After all you might have a new friend touching it soon!”. Mona shuddered at this. “And make sure you take a video as evidence, I want to see plenty of detail!”.

Mona was getting increasingly flustered. It hadn’t escaped her attention a few boys and girls were lingering longer than they needed to a little distance away. Their faces ranging from girls in shock, to boys in heaven.

Mona was broken from her thoughts by Ashley yet again. “Now the top half come on, and I will say, god help you if you’ve worn a bra”.

Mona let her skirt drop and gripped the bottom of her revealing top, the idea of getting her breasts out for the waiting crowd was almost too much for the girl. But what could she do?

Mona lifted the top just enough to show the bottom of her boobs with no bra, but after a raised eyebrow from Ashley Mona sighed and jerked the top right up. Her nipples hardened in the cold air for the onlookers, as her perky boobs bobbed to attention. Mona willed her tormentors to let her hide them again, as they stared enjoying the sight as much as the power they held over the girl.

Finally Mona was allowed to drop the top, much to the disappointment of the crowd who proceeded into school. Mona hurried in after them towards the girl’s toilets for her first act of reluctant filth as she went to re-slut her pussy.

When Mona was out of earshot, Ashley’s friends were concerned, “are we really going to let her go? What about our fun?”.

Ashley smirked at their naivety. “Of course not! Mona’s going to come on to everyone and show what a slut she is all day, true. But as usual I’ve stacked the deck! I promised the boy next to her in her last class he could touch up 2 other girls, if he could resist Mona’s charms all class. So soon our fallen angel will be not just the school slut, but a web one too”.

“Well what girl’s are you letting them touch?” enquired Jenny curiously.

“Well you two of course!” Ashley replied grinning in her social power, as she headed off into school, a skip in her step.



Chapter 33
