THE ATONEMENTS OF JOANIE: JOANIE'S FIRST PENANCES

BY PENT

Part 3

I saw the dining table had been folded away against the wall and
a small round one had been set out ready for a card game.

Penty's three friends were standing talking and turned towards us
as we entered the dining room. Like Penty, they all had
sun-tanned faces and looked trim and fit.

Two of them were dressed casually as though for a barbecue - or
an evening of poker -and had drinks in their hands.

The third man had no drink and wore a grey monk's habit -like in
the drawings of "Penances for a Nun" . . .

"Joanie, these friends have come to help you to atone for all
wrongs you have ever committed and to mete out painful penances
upon you."

"I think you should bow in submission to each one in turn and ask
him to help you . . ."

"Joanie, this is Dr. Cooper, a paediatric specialist."

Gratefully I saw he looked like a doctor I would gladly entrust
with my life:

"Dr. Cooper, please help me!" (bowing to him from my waist)

"I will do my very best, Joan, my dear" (and he bowed his head to
me in return)

"Joanie, this is Mr. Brown. He is the Abbot of Greyfriars'
Monastery but he would like you to call him just plain "Mr.
Brown"."

His hands were folded together out of sight in the sleeves of his
cloak and the Abbot's kindly face behind his small beard looked
as though he had spent his life helping people in difficulties .
. .

"Mr. Brown, please help me!"

As we bowed to each other, he said something, sounded like:

"Pax vobis cum, dear Joan!"

"Joanie, this is Sir John Love; He is an expert on the Comte de
Sade and writes books about him."

Sir John was taller than Penty and the other two, and as he
looked down deep into my eyes, his pleasant worldly smile spoke
volumes of understanding, and in a surprised voice he murmured,
sounded like a name:

"Justine!!!!"

"Sir John, please help me!"

"My dear Joan, that will be my great pleasure!" (and he returned
my bow too)

"Joanie, we four are going to play poker at the table here and
the winner of each game will have the privilege of helping you to
atone for your wrongdoings by giving you a painful penance of his
choosing for a period of five minutes."

"You will start by bending over the back of that padded leather
armchair while I tie your wrists and ankles to the legs . . ."

"Do you have any questions, Joanie my dear?"

"No questions, Uncle, thank you."

But turning to the other three I implored them:

"Just do please all be sure you make me atone fully tonight -
please!"

And Dr. Cooper, Mr. Brown and Sir John all bowed their heads
solemnly in acquiescence.

"Follow me, Joanie, and I will tie you in place on the armchair .
. ."

The dark brown padded leather armchair was turned so my back
would be towards the round table that had been set up for the
poker game.

The padded leather armchair had a low back so my feet still
touched the floor even after Uncle Penty had positioned me to
bend right over its soft round padded back with my bottom well
over so it was facing upwards at the ceiling. There was a bulge
upwards in the leather in the middle of the back which pressed
firmly against my clitty . . .

Uncle Penty tied soft leather thongs from my wrists down to the
front feet of the chair.

"Is that comfortable, Joanie my dear? Not too tight?"

"It's all right, Uncle Penty Thank you!"

Next he reached up under my skirt tugged and took my white cotton
panties down and right off over my shoes -then threw them away
over into a corner.

A leather strap around one ankle and he pulled it over to a back
leg of the chair and tied it there.

Then a leather strap around the other ankle and pulled that ankle
across to the other chair leg and tied it too so my legs were
stretched wide apart as I lay helplessly bent right over the back
of the padded leather arm chair with wrists and ankles tied
firmly in place . . .

"Are you lying comfortably, Joanie dear? You are going to be
there for some time!"

"Yes thank you Uncle Penty - - -"

I could see a small table beside the armchair: it had a sand
timer like for boiling eggs and several implements looking
menacing and ready for my atonements -a ping-pong bat, a leather
bedroom slipper of Uncle Penty's a thin narrow leather belt
another belt - thick and heavy a decorator's wooden three-foot
rule an old and much-used riding crop I'd seen before a lash with
long strips of soft black leather . . .but fiercest of all were
some willow canes standing in water -I quailed just at the sight
of them standing there in a tall glass jug . . .

Was I even going to survive the atonements they were going to
inflict me? I was only twelve . . . . Maybe I would die with the
pain and agony of my punishments! And that was what I really
wanted - - - wasn't it?!

I must have let out a groan - because Uncle Penty asked:

"Joanie my dear are you sure you still want to do this?"

From where I was firmly anchored over the round back of the
padded leather armchair anchored by the thongs round my wrists
and ankles . . . I just nodded my head hard.

"Remember, Joanie love, you are going to suffer penances for your
wrongdoings because you have asked to . ."

"If you want us to stop at any time you have only to say so . .
.and he smiled kindly and rather wistfully at me."

Penty set a mirror on a stand in front of me and a big cheval
dressing mirror behind me, a bit to one side so I saw the back of
my dress in the reflection as I lay there bent over the padded
back of the leather armchair.

"There, Joanie love! Nothing will be hidden from you! You can see
everything that's going on!"

Then Uncle Penty and the other three sat themselves down at the
table:

"Shall we leave our drinks until afterwards? We need very good
judgment now on the amount pain we are giving . . ."

They sat so they could all see me and I could see each of them
with the mirror in front of me . . .

Then they began to play, betting with the wooden tokens that we
use for games . . . There was shuffling of cards and dealing and
people saying 'Buy two', 'Stick' and 'See you' . . . But even
now, I still don't understand poker!

With the mirrors and from where my head was down near the seat of
the padded leather chair I could see the whole dining room with
its cedar-paneled walls and family portraits of ancestors -
Penty's and mine too -who were going to witness my atonement this
evening!

I hoped they would think I fully expiated all the wrong I had
done by the time I went to bed tonight . . .

I was glad Mama's portrait was out in the hall so she wouldn't
actually see the pains I was going to suffer -it might have upset
her to watch my agonies . . . Soon Penty said:

"I win!"

He collected his tokens from the others then stood up and walked
over to me.

Without a pause he lifted the hem of my dress up and tucked it
into the neck. My bottom was completely bare - naked -legs pulled
wide apart to show everythingggggggggggg facing to the three
strange men -Dr. Cooper, the Abbot and Sir John and Uncle Penty
too . . .

My white legs and bottom stood out vividly against the dark brown
leather of the padded armchair that I was tied to . . .

It was agony being tied in place no even able to wriggle . . .
The humiliation of being exposed and displayed to them like
this!!

My face went crimson with shame I'm sure -my insides just went
rigid with embarrassment but I knew it was all part of my penance
. . .

Penty said:

"Remember: I'm only doing this for you, Joanie . . ."

He turned over the sand timer on the table beside me -and he
began to wallop my bottom with his hand.

I could see in the mirror how my cheeks wobbled each time his
hand met my bottom - SMACKKKKKK!!!

Penty took a long time between each smack then gently rubbed and
fondled my stinging bottom with his hand to soothe my sore cheeks
before the next wallop.

His hand was hard and it hurt me awfully, and my clitty thumped
with a jolt against the knob in the top of the padded leather
armchair at every thud of his heavy hand and felt strangely
exciting with the pain . . .

I couldn't stop myself from crying and tears were soon pouring
down my face wetting the towel on the seat of the padded leather
armchair but I did my best not to make any noise and I don't
think I did more than gasp at each stinging blow . . .

I watched in the mirror as my bottom got redder and redder from
Penty's hard hand spanking my poor soft round cheeks making them
wobble with each SLAPPPP of his hard hand . . . until by the time
he stopped my bottom was hurting dreadfully and it was bright
scarlet . . .

Then . . . . Penty just walked away leaving my skirt up with the
hem tucked into the neck and my bare bottom scarlet with legs
spread as far apart as they would go showing everythinggggggg to
the four of them as he just left me and went back to the poker
table.

I could see the colors of my white legs and scarlet bottom looked
brilliant against the dark brown leather of the armchair . .

I felt mortified! It was humiliating!! It was worse than the pain
of the spanking!!! I could almost see my rosebud and pussy in the
mirror My private parts were totally exposed to three strange men
and to Uncle Penty too . . .

The four men settled again into their poker game -though I could
see in the mirror they often glanced at the spectacle presented
to them by my naked and punished bottom spread as wide as my legs
would go and their glances were . . . lingering and unhurried.

Then Dr. Cooper said quietly:

"My game!!" and walked over to me rolling up the sleeve on his
right arm as he came.

My tears had dried and the pain had died away a bit. Dr. Cooper
said:

"Joanie, you have asked for a penance -and I am going to do my
best to oblige you!"

He turned the sand timer then grabbed the old riding crop from
the table and SWISSSSSSHED it a few times in the air above my
bare bottom then brought it down - CRAKKKKKKKKK!!! and I
YELLLLLLLED!!!

But he had only hit it on the leather of the padded arm chair . .
.

Then I saw him put the riding crop back on the table and lift the
bedroom slipper instead and he hit the soft leather sole against
the back of the leather chair hard -

SMAKKKKKK!! with a frightening noise like a gun-shot . . .

then nod with satisfaction . . . that it would hurt me enough . .
.and he began to spank me with the leather sole of the bedroom
slipper.

Dr. Cooper beat me lightly and much faster than Uncle Penty had
done and the leather sole pattered all over the cheeks of my
round bottom light and quick and it felt almost a pleasant tickle
for the first little bit . . .

But very soon the pain started to make itself felt as the
continual pattering rain of spanks from the soft leather sank
into my bottom - and the pain built up . . . more and more.

He stopped every now and again and hit the slipper - hard -on the
padded leather back of the armchair.

SMAKKKKK! with a terrifying noise like a gun shot -and it was
with one of these that I could hold it no longer: I burst out
into racking, heaving sobs of pain and misery as the tears poured
down my face . . . And he went back to his pattering rain of
light spanks on my bottom . . .

Dr. Cooper knew well what he was doing -Long before his five
minutes were finished the pain from his spanking with the soft
leather sole of the bedroom slipper had mounted to a blazing burn
of agony deep down into the firm round flesh of my buttocks.

I was weeping and sobbing with the torture and praying for the
end -though this pain was the very thing I knew I needed to make
a full atonement . . .

At last Dr. Cooper ended his penance for me then he rubbed my
blazing bottom gently for a long time and kneaded it tenderly "to
spread the pain more" he said but I think he really wanted to
soothe it a little . . .

Then he went back to the poker table leaving me feeling as though
my whole bottom was ablaze and I was racked with sobs . . .

Their next poker game began and went on a long time.

It was almost a relief when I heard Sir John say:

"I win!" and came walking over to me . . .

