DG lay awake in bed trying to figure out what to do next. She had an army, but no knowledge to use them properly. She had ghost fairies and Ine'che and Ataio as far as crazy magical creatures went, and Cain and tin men and the royal guard as far as mortals went. She wanted to storm in and sweep all the annoyances off the face of the OZ, but that probably wasn't possible or even recommended. Running in to assassinate Siba wouldn't necessarily solve all of her problems; she'd actually mentioned that possibility to Cain after Azkadellia and her tin men disappeared to the Mirror Zone. She had promptly covered her mouth in horror at even thinking she should order someone's death, though Cain forgave her for it. Never mind that the social and perceptual issues would remain. Never mind that she wouldn't be any better than Lurlaine or the other dark witches she'd fought to save the OZ from.

What was she supposed to do?

She dimly heard the sound of wings and sat up. Without waking Cain, she left the bed and followed the sound. Midnight was back early from his nighttime travels, enthusiastic as he always was. He was chattering away about the lovely things the Viewers showed him, the sparkly things in the mines of Ruby Gulch, the people who talked in dark corners in whispers so that others couldn't hear them, the boats of Green Harbor full of sparkling things to give to people with angry faces. DG had already known that the two counties were in cahoots against the crown, so that was nothing new.

And they plan to find the southern farmlands, and the fields. They're going to leave little boxes for the farmers to find, and they said they would be like pap-pay. What's that? Midnight asked, head cocked to the side.

DG scratched the top of Midnight's head absently. "Papay? But the fields of the Papay are more to the north, and they're rebuilding the orchards..."

There are boxes in the south. Little black boxes with powders inside, and some with liquids, and they plan for screaming and teeth and eating, Midnight told her, not sure what he was describing. The Viewer told me to tell you, and said it was important.

Raw had said that his people didn't trust Siba or his plans, and were going to try to help her however they could. This had to be it. "Describe it to me," DG murmured, looking around her room. "I'll draw it, and you can correct if I'm drawing it wrong."

Slowly the pictures formed. There were nondescript boxes placed beside houses or village centers, anywhere people would likely gather. DG rather thought they might be like bombs, to kill as much as possible, only Midnight insisted on describing what he meant by screaming and teeth and eating, and it seemed as though perhaps these bombs were much more malignant in scope than she first thought.

Siba was planning to create something new and frightening, like the Papay had been, and make sure they were driven north from the farming lands into Central City.

DG didn't doubt that such things were collected from the remnants of the Sorceress' tower. The tower was a fortress, and palace staff hadn't gone through it. Azkadellia hadn't been trusted to do it, and DG had been too busy. Neither the Queen nor Ahamo had wanted to do it, and there was only a token show of security around the tower. They had simply relied on the fact that it had been the Sorceress' tower to keep people away from it.

Big mistake.

When will this happen? DG asked Midnight. He was young, with a poor sense of time, but DG hoped he would have some sense of it. The poor mobat shrugged, however, and wasn't able to even guess. How can I be sure when it would be, then?

Your Viewer friend. He can see things, Midnight offered.

DG smiled at Midnight. You're right, she said, leaning forward and giving him a playful pat on the head. "I'm so glad you reminded me."

Raw was able to get the memory the following morning. While he couldn't do any better regarding a time period, he did realize that it was likely going to happen within the next few weeks. The Sorceress' tower had already been broken into, and whatever the devices were had already been stolen. It was the corruption of the farmers that hadn't happened yet, and DG was hoping to prevent it from ever happening. What was the use of having a Viewer help if there was no way to avoid the bad things?

"I know we said we don't have enough of an army to cover both the south and west, but we're going to have to." DG looked at Raw and Glitch almost apologetically. Things kept shifting about as new information was culled from the Unseelie Court's efforts.

"They're not a threat," Glitch replied, head cocked to the side. "Are we attacking them?"

"I know we said that the south were not a threat to us," DG told Raw and Glitch. "But right now, they're really important as allies. I need the both of you to go south with some of the palace guard and a complement of the Shadow Brigade. Siba's got a plan to change the farmers somehow, to change them and to make them like the Papay."

Raw couldn't help but shudder and look away slightly at the reminder. "The Papay are not good creatures to become. They are full of pain and hunger. They rage, DG," he said, turning back to her. "Those people should not become like the Papay."

"Exactly," DG said, nodding. "We need to protect them. Not just because they're the farmers we need for food, but because we can't let anyone suffer like that again."

"Oh, yes," Glitch agreed, nodding. "Well, now, I think it was Ronsard that was supposed to work with us? Tall like a tree and twice as wide when solid?"

Raw nodded. "He is a troll," he added helpfully.

Glitch smiled. "Troll. Yes. We don't have those in the OZ. He is utterly fascinating. Just like all of the other creatures that came with him. I have to categorize them and write up some kind of description. Everyone else needs to know more about these fascinating creatures."

DG couldn't help but grin at his enthusiasm. "You go do that, then. Maybe Ronsard will have more to say if he knew you were going to write a book."

"A book! Yes. And you'll have to do the illustrations. You draw so well. And Raw, too. Both artists, and a book like this would definitely need illustrations."

DG had to laugh as they left, Glitch talking about the book he now wanted to write. Her smile faltered slightly as she took in the map of the OZ pinned to the wall of her sitting room. She had black pins in it where the attacks and riots had been, red pins where there were enemy camps, green pins where her soldiers were and blue pins where her Shadow Brigade teams were. She added a green and blue pin to the southern farmlands where she was sending Glitch and Raw. The south still looked woefully empty of pins.

"Too many black pins," she murmured, touching the ones stuck into Central City.

My Queen, Nati said behind her. DG turned around and he bowed deeply before her. I have not heard news across the Zones yet, but it appears that Siba is shifting troops. I don't know where just yet, but he is on the move by sea as well as by land.

We need to destroy his navy, DG said, jaw tightening. His ships could go along the northern coast, bypassing the Northern Guild and the rebuilding Papay. Or they could go south, and he could raid the farmlands. Either way, he needed to be stopped.

Of course, my Queen, Nati replied with a bow. Our water sprites will destroy the ships at once.

It almost didn't seem fair to the opposition, but DG couldn't bring herself to care. If they were going to use the Sorceress' torturous magic on innocents, she could certainly use her magical army on them. She had ordered a siege, and Green Harbor was going to have it. The entire county would be locked in by land and sea and air, with nothing less than their total defeat as her goal. Siba had to fail.

DG looked down at her black dress. She supposed she looked appropriate enough for what needed to be done next.

She accompanied her mother to the public funeral procession, Cain at her side. At the memorial service for all of the Central City lives lost, the Queen spoke of the good of the people, of how their memory would last in the gardens that would be created out of one of the blast sites. The people in the crowd murmured and nodded at the speech.

Then DG rose to give hers. She started with a warbling smile. "Hello," she began, somewhat awkwardly. "There's been a lot of pain and suffering in the past fifteen annuals, and I know that my arrival here was supposed to mark the end of that." She stopped and looked over the sea of expectant faces. These were ordinary people, her people, the ones she was supposed to take care of. They had felt like abstract concepts before, objects that vaguely mattered in the midst of all her mother's lectures when she first arrived in the OZ. It took her travels in the Mirror Zone to make her think of them as people like herself, people she was now responsible for, no matter how inexperienced she felt.

"I'm sorry," she whispered brokenly at the podium. "I'm sorry I couldn't promise that there was no more pain. I'm sorry that I can't just make it all disappear as if it couldn't happen. I'm sorry I wasn't here for the fifteen annuals, that I was kept safe somewhere else.

"My sister... I know nobody wants to hear it, but she was a victim, too. She was possessed by the Sorceress, a witch twisted and insane and angry. Azkadellia gave herself to try to save the OZ a few months ago, even if nobody wants to talk about it." She ignored the hisses her mother was making. Her mother would rather act as if everything was fine, everything was going to be okay and she was in full control. DG knew better.

"What no one wants to talk about is also why we're here today." DG's voice was heavy with grief, and she blinked back tears threatening to form. "We mourn the people killed in those fires, those bomb blasts, those attacks. You're mourning friends and loved ones and people you've known all your lives. I'm mourning people I never got to know. I'm mourning people that were sacrificed by someone too cowardly to attack me directly." She ignored the murmurs in the crowd, the hopeless sigh of her mother behind her.

DG folded her hands in front of her on the top of the podium. "Lord Herman Siba is angry with me. He says I'm an Other Sider and I can't possibly love the OZ as home. He doesn't like that I've turned down his marriage suit and I won't take him on as an Advisor. He doesn't like that I have a mind of my own, and he's taking it out on you. I'm sorry," she said, looking out at the crowd in front of her, hoping they believed her. "I can't take back what he did, I can't bring anyone back to make it better. All I can do is promise you that I will fight for you, for justice, and make him pay for hurting you. A team of our guards and army is stationed around Central City. Other teams are headed out to Siba and his conspirators. I have allies that I have made on my travels, and they are helping me to keep the OZ safe. I'm sorry he chose this path, but I will do whatever I can to make sure that you are safe. You are my priority, and he will pay for his crimes against the crown and the people of the OZ."

DG stepped down from the podium and went back to her seat beside the Queen and Ahamo. Cain sat on DG's other side, and the Queen watched as their gazes locked and held. It was an oddly intimate moment, even if they didn't say a single word. She sat there, stunned and unable to speak. In that moment, she saw exactly why DG could never accept anyone else's suit, why she could never bow down to the council of nobles or to her Advisors. Her lead Advisor got up and thanked the crowds for their time and patience, and began to discuss the planned memorial park even though it was clear that the crowds had no interest in all of the intricate details.

"You... They'll love you for this," the Queen murmured. "You made it sound like he hurt the people and not just you."

DG looked at her mother, her hand clasped tight between Cain's in support. "He did, Mother. If we're the ones in charge, if we're the ones keeping them safe, then hurting us hurts them. They're the reason we're doing this. They need to be kept safe, to feel like they can go on being farmers and waitresses and teachers and tin men. If we can't keep them safe, there's no point to having a crown on my head."

The Queen looked pointedly to the top of DG's head, which was lacking a coronet. "Where is yours, by the way?"

"In my room, probably," DG said dismissively. "I meant figuratively speaking."

"He will fight, you know," the Queen murmured. "Siba. He'll fight your blockade."

"I know," DG murmured. "It still has to be done. His actions can't go unpunished. He can't kill people and get away with it. He can't torture people and get away with it. He just can't. I won't allow it."

The Queen looked at her determined face, the clear and sharp cast to her blue eyes. She felt Ahamo's hand on her arm, steady and strong. She had been so lost without him, cast adrift even before Azkadellia's – no, the Sorceress' – imprisonment had occurred. She needed his support, even though their daughter was steady enough to stand alone. "I believe you." DG nodded at her, and the Queen gave her a faltering smile. "This is why you've also started that war with the Mirror Zone. You can't leave her actions unpunished there either, can you?"

"No, I can't," DG said, voice soft and gentle. "I can't just stand back and watch someone get hurt if I can do something about it. I can't."

The Queen smiled and took DG's free hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "Then you are exactly what both of our Zones need. You will be a strong and compassionate ruler."

DG gave the Queen a soft smile and then turned back to the crowd. "We'll get through this, Mom. We'll beat him, and then we'll finally have peace."

The Queen almost wanted to tell her that in comparison to the fifteen years under the Sorceress' rule, this was peace. But she understood the sentiment.

"In the name of the royal family and our beloved Queen, we bid you blessings on this day!" the Advisor cried, concluding his statements. It was the traditional way to end all formal royal proclamations made in the OZ.

In unison, the crowd replied "And may the Suns continue to shine!" in the traditional echo.

Siba had made a tactical error in his attacks on Central City. The people loved their Crown Princess. She was trying hard to learn them and their ways, to protect them with all of her idealism. They felt that they had a stake in her well being, just as she had a stake in theirs. If she owned them, they owned a piece of her as well.

Central City was the royal stronghold, and they would help her fight tooth and nail for the rest of the kingdom.
***
The southern farmers hadn't been entirely agreeable to Glitch's explanation behind the guards along the borders or the shadows stretching across the land. Ronsard was eight feet tall, with thick gray skin that was more like animal hide. He had large eyes and a bulbous nose over a mouth full of sharp teeth and a pair of eyeteeth that hung like tusks outside of his lips. He was dressed in a warrior's uniform similar to the official uniform Glitch and Raw were wearing, though he instantly commanded respect just by his sheer size. He spoke quietly, however, and stood somewhat behind Glitch and Raw. They were the Princess' ambassadors to the south, and he was simply the Shadow Brigade general accompanying them.

Raw had to find a mirror to project the visions he and Midnight had of the little black boxes. He had been able to project the decay and twisted forms of the farmers once the boxes opened and released their noxious poisons, and many of them stared at the mirror in horror. If the farmers became the hungry, misshapen things of the mirror's world, the fields would lie untended and fall fallow. Nature would reclaim them, and the outer reaches of the kingdom would grow hungry as the mutated farmers devoured themselves and anyone that came too close.

"He would starve them out?"

"He would do whatever necessary to win," Glitch said, voice firm but still holding a touch of sympathy for their plight. "You don't matter as people to him. You're just... numbers? Names without faces, figures without brains."

Eyes drifted to the zipper at his head, and everyone was aware that the Sorceress had turned him into a headcase for opposing her. This mutation wouldn't be any different from that kind of torture, and it didn't appeal on any level.

"What do we do?" asked the farmer's guild leader.

"We set watch," Glitch began, looking at the soldiers on patrol with thickened shadows. "Siba's men will think our forces are too weak, too thin. He doesn't know about the Shadow Brigade, doesn't know about the forces our good friend Ronsard leads."

All eyes drifted to Ronsard, who nodded solemnly. "We pledged our lives to help your Princess defend these lands for her. In our world, we value the farmer as well."

The guild leader approached him almost hesitantly. "Er... What do your people eat?"

"Food as you do, but less often than you consume them. If we remain in shadow forms, it is much less often." He smiled, a baring of teeth and fangs. "Fear not, I was a farmer before I was a soldier in my world."

Making a decision, the guild leader stuck out his hand. "Oliver Chapin. The others in the villages surrounding this hall voted me leader every annual for the past seven annuals. I've done the rate bargains and helped arrange shipping schedules."

"As the General Haultin discussed his troops' needs, I will discuss this with you," Ronsard told him, shaking his hand carefully. "It will not do for me to remain in this form for long afterward, and I will shift to shadow form."

"Does all of your kind do that?" Oliver asked him, curious.

"Only the Shadow Brigade members and shadow shifters may do such a thing. Heavy spells were worked into our very being by the first Queens of the Unseelie Court, and they could not be undone even with their imprisonment and deaths." Ronsard smiled again, and Oliver found that he wasn't nearly as unsettled as he had been the first time he had seen the smile. "The shadow form allowed us to escape detection for many of your annuals, and will be useful in surprising your enemies. I do not think your Lord Siba will persist in troubling you for long."

Oliver smiled in return. "Good. These are good folk, and should be left in peace."

Glitch clapped his hands together and beamed at the collected people around him. "This is great news! Now let's get to the main hall and get to work."
***
There were powerful magic barriers in place surrounding Central City and the southern lands, a fact which Lord Siba was finding more and more annoying. What was the use in stealing the Sorceress' Viewer apparatus and kidnapping a Viewer child if he couldn't find out what they were up to? It was as if a large shadow had descended across the lands that were still loyal to the House of Gale, and it was maddening.

Ruby Gulch supplied many rich ores and rubies to Siba for his protection and access to his granaries. Caronet's primary industry was industry, as its farmlands were much too arid for most crops to survive for long enough periods of time to feed its entire populace. If need be, the three counties could break away and form its own little kingdom. The House of Gale would have to reckon with his combined forces; they hadn't yet felt the bite of his withdrawal from their little mutual admiration society. He had the largest harbors, the mining, the manufacturing and enough of agriculture to subsist without the crown's help. He could be a threat to their stability, even if the silly Crown Princess refused to see that.

But this shadow over her lands irked him. His pet Viewer couldn't tell him anything, and none of his advisors or spies were talking.

"Send in the black death," he told his army commanders, lips pulled back into a grimace of a smile. "Let the crown know just who they are dealing with."

"Right away, my lord," one of his commanders said.

He watched them bow and leave, content in the power he wielded. He had his plans and was acting swiftly. There was no way the royal family could counter him this quickly, and he was secure in the fact that he had superior numbers to his personal army. Soon enough, he would have the entire OZ at his fingertips. The royal house would be left in ruins, and he would rise to begin a new royal house. Maybe he would be merciful and take the silly Crown Princess to wife anyway. She was pretty enough, and obviously stupid. She would have to be controlled, of course, but that was what his court magician was for. Potions and spells would easily bind her loyalty and shape her will to his. The rest of the House of Gale could be summarily executed; Siba had no need of the rest of them, and Azkadellia was half dead as it was.

King Siba had a wonderful ring to it.
***
DG sat in front of her mirror, staring at her reflection. She had tried contacting Azkadellia by the compact mirror, and had been told that they were in the wrong time but correct place. "I have an idea," Azkadellia said, lips quirking into a smile that DG hadn't recognized. "I think the creatures that have been terrorizing the locals could be used to help attack Lurlaine. We're heading out to meet them now."

She felt like she was doing a lot of sitting, waiting and talking. This wasn't the same as running around and doing things on her own. Ine'che and Ataio had resumed her magic lessons, and it felt like some alien creature running through her veins at times. Her magic almost burned, almost lit her up from within as if she was a candle. She didn't even need the symbol flaring to life on her palm anymore. Now she could focus her magic much more easily, and she could simply make things happen.

It was almost frightening, really.

She brushed out her hair slowly, methodically. She could remember her other mother doing that for her as a child, even if the memories were long since gone. The Queen had done that, too, and she had those memories back as well. Still, the memories that came to mind first and foremost were almost always the Other Side ones. It was calming, in a way. As much as the Queen wanted to make her over into something different, something more like what the OZ was used to, DG held onto her memories tightly. They were part of her, they made her the Princess that everyone was counting on. The Queen might not understand the implications of letting go of that side of herself, but DG did. And she had no intentions of following the Queen's word on things when she had missed out on fifteen years of her life.

She watched Cain enter her suite and remove his waistcoat carefully. He came to stand behind her, not quite touching her as she brushed her hair. "Difficult day?" he asked finally, seeing an almost glazed look in her eyes.

"How could I be so tired if I haven't been doing anything? No running, no fighting, nothing. Just sitting and talking and for a change, sitting some more." DG put the brush down and turned around to face Cain. True, the magic lessons were sometimes draining, but she was enjoying those as much as she was afraid of what she was becoming.

"It's called responsibility," Cain replied, lips quirking into a smile. "These things happen as you get older, kid."

DG got to her feet and looped her arms around Cain's neck. "You know, I did mention something about kids a while back."

"Isn't it bad form to be pregnant before the wedding day?"

"I notice you didn't mention having wild, fantastic sex," DG quipped.

Cain heaved a playfully dramatic sigh. "Knowing you, it would be a waste of time to pretend to care about that part."

She giggled and kissed him. "I keep feeling like I'm waiting for something. Ever get like that?"

"All the time," Cain murmured, running his hands along her back.

"So how do you deal with that?"

"Just move through it. You know why you're feeling that way. You're expecting the worst in the south and with Siba. You're expecting the worst to happen with Azkadellia. It doesn't have to be some kind of horrible thing happening."

DG snorted. "Coming from you, that's rich. Didn't you think all sorts of horrible things would happen if we got together?"

"Considering I'm now a baron, it isn't as bad as I thought it would be," he hedged, though his lips quirked into a smile. "I still say it would have been bad for you if I wasn't nobility."

DG rested her head against his chest and listened to his heart beating beneath her ear. It was a comforting sound, something that lulled her to sleep now. She didn't know how she had ever lived without it, how anyone could ever expect her to. "We're getting married as soon as this war is over, right?"

"I'm pretty sure it's something everyone expects," he said, amused. "Why? Don't tell me you're starting to get nervous?"

DG looked up, lips twisting into a bright smile. "Maybe I should get around to planning our wedding then? If they're going to have me sit around all day, it might as well be for something useful, right?"

Cain sighed. "Could we just skip all of the nonsense and just get it done now while we have the excuse of a war? No one would be offended if it wasn't some ritzy thing with all this frippery," he said.

"You don't want to show off to the entire world how much you love me?" DG teased, looking up at him. "I think I'm hurt."

He shook his head solemnly. "I did it once before, the large party and the family and the wildly outrageous expectations..." He shrugged. "Can't say I'd like to repeat the experience."

"Well, your family is Jeb, who's very likable. I have only one set of parents now, and Azkadellia is considered dead by most people, so she can't be there. Glitch and Rawn and Ine'che and a bunch of our Shadow Brigade people would go. It's going to be really, really small. So it's not scary at all, okay?"

"Then there's the nobility, the merchant class, and a smattering of the common folk that gets to go to events like this. You can't leave them out."

"I can't?" DG asked, pouting. Cain nodded, and DG merely put her head down. "Well, I'm sure I'd plan something less monstrous than what my mother is planning."

"I'm sure she would do something that would advance you politically."

"Like I said. Monstrous."

Cain laughed and tightened his arms around her. "We'll get through it the same way we do with everything else." He was gratified to see her smile and look more like her carefree self.
***
***