A Camping Trip and a New Girl Scout
by SegaNinja

Here we go again! It was only a week since I had my little 'encounter'
with little Patty from down the street involving a lot of cookies, and
nookies as the men call 'em around the neighborhood. At first I tried to
tell myself that it was a one shot deal and probably wouldn't happen again,
but who knows, anything could happen...and it did! A week after the
above mentioned event, I received a letter from the Scouts head office
thanking me for my enormous contribution to the community through all of
the cookies I had purchased (which seemed like the least I could do after
what Patty did for me) and that my cookies would be delivered in about two
or three weeks, which I still didn't know how I was gonna explain to my
wife Stacy why I bought so many. The letter also invited me to join the
troop on a weeklong camping trip up north in the forest as an adult 
supervisor for free, kind of as a thank you for my big contribution.

At first I hated the idea! I don't really like camping, I hate singing
goofy songs around a campfire and there would be so many whiny children
hanging around. It was then that it hit me though that, yes there would be
a lot of little girls there, a lot of girls like Patty, at this campout,
all young, dressed in their Scout uniforms with their little green skirts
and willing to play a variety of physical games during the week. Once
again I questioned myself on the chances of getting caught, but the thought
of so many young, hot, uniformed and sexy girls jumping around happily made
me change my mind about camping. Stacy thought it would be a great idea to
help out in the community and boost our standing in the neighborhood. So,
with that I was off to the woods for a weeklong campout with the Girl
Scouts!

After a torturous three hour drive in a cramped school bus we finally
arrived at the campsite in a national park upstate. One might comment how
beautiful the landscape was and how sweet the clean air was, but all I
could notice was the sexy little Girl Scouts that were here with me! In
total there must have been several troops present with about 23, 25 girls
total, the Scout Mothers of each troop and about 12 other males who I bet
were probably all here for the girls as opposed to the camping, judging on
how greedily their eyes scanned across the flock of pretty girls. I guess
I wasn't the only big buyer during the Scouts' annual cookie sale last
week. It was still pretty hot out despite it being near the end of
September, so most of the guys simply wore T-shirts and shorts, while all
the girls wore their traditional tan colored blouses, green skirts and
white knee high socks, which I thought seemed a little weird for a camping
trip, but hey it didn't bother me! The Scouts' choice of clothing made me
thankful that I chose to wear my jeans on this trip, as opposed to the
shorts that many of the other guys wore, since I was almost constantly
trying to control a major boner most of the time and the heavy jean
material helped to hide the accompanying visible physical effects.

About two days into the week nothing really exciting happened, just the
usual campfires, songs, stories and childish games. Feeling the need to
drain some of the sperm collecting in my balls, I decided to take a big
risk one night during the third day of the trip and visited the site that
held the Scouts of about 12 to 14 years of age, of which there were about
six girls and one Scout Mother present, once again about to do something I
could never have imagined doing before having met Patty last week. I
wandered over to the troop's campsite and noticed that all of the girls in
this troop slept in their uniforms instead of changing into any nightwear
and, due to the heat, most of them slept above their sleeping bags. I went
back to my bag and pulled out a bottle of chloroform I stole from my wife's
veterinary clinic that she uses to make the animals calm down and doze (a
business which she runs out of our garage), with the idea that if I
couldn't get any action from the girls I'd make my own. I retuned to the
camp, tiptoeing carefully as not to wake any of the girls, and picked out
this one petite girl with brown pigtails and a fairly large pair of breasts
lying on her side. I carefully moved a cloth covered in chloroform over
her mouth to knock her into a deeper sleep. Free to do as I please, I felt
the girl over, squeezed her nice big chest and pulled up her skirt to get a
nice view of her pink Hello Kitty panties, even going so far as to gently
rub her tiny pussy through the material of her panties. Those pigtails,
her petite form, the Girl Scout uniform and the Hello Kitty panties really
gave her this innocent look and feel to her which really made me want to do
more with her, but I knew this wasn't the time or place.

I basically repeated the same process for another four girls, feeling up
a variety of chest sizes and looking at a variety of panties in different
cuts, colors and patterns very quietly, thrilled with the knowledge of how
risky the stuff I was doing was, until I came up to this one teen girl who
was positioned a little farther away from the rest of the girls than most
of them in the camp. It was hard to clearly see her in the dark, but from
what I could see, it was pretty good. The girl was cute with brown hair
and like the rest of the girls in her troop she was wearing her Scout's
uniform. I used the chemical like I did on the other girls, but this time
I used a little bit more so I could really have some fun with her, since
she was a little farther away from the rest of the girls, I could afford to
rustle around a little more. After I applied the liquid I went about my
usual business of feeling up the girl and looking up her skirt, but this
time I got more adventurous and unbuttoned her blouse, revealing an average
sized pair of teenage breasts with a green bra, and I pulled her skirt all
the way off, which housed a tight pussy covered in a string cut pair of
bright green panties which for some reason drove me crazy. I felt up her
breasts like normal, and rubbed her pussy through her panties, causing a
dark wet spot to form on them and causing her to squirm and give little
quiet moans from time to time. Needless to say I was stroking my cock
through my pants during this whole experience, but now I wanted more! I
positioned myself above the girl and pulled out my cock and slowly and
gently rubbed it over the girl's pussy back and forth, occasionally moving
to lick and suck some of the pre cum leaking through her bright green
panties. Now in addition to squirming and moaning, the sleeping girl
seemed to be smiling too. After a couple of minutes I moved away to
prevent from shooting my load all over the girl, and went back once more to
lick her pre cum soaked panties and fix her shirt and skirt before
returning to my sleeping bag. I HAD to visit this girl again the next day,
which I did, and she was still wearing the same pair of panties from last
night, still covered in both of our pre cums. It goes without saying that
the next night was even better than the first, and so was the day after it!

I was disappointed to find that Patty wasn't allowed on the trip because
her parents didn't feel comfortable letting her spend a week up in the
forest away from them with several men around, which they rightfully
thought so after what I did with her. Half way into the week I had begun
to think of excuses to leave, since Patty wasn't here, we weren't really
playing any touch type games like I thought, the best action I ever got was
feeling on some Scouts while they slept and it got boring sneaking off at
night just to jerk off to the thought of getting some action from one of
those Girl Scout honeys when I could get real sex from my wife every night.
Things changed around Wednesday though when one of the other troops' Scout
Mothers from another town asked me to accompany a girl named Karen to the
river uphill a couple of minutes away to fetch some more water. I agreed,
happy to do anything than just sit around camp and tell the Scouts about
the 'fascinating' life of working at a news station, but I got a little
more than I thought. Karen as it turns out was the girl with the bright
green panties I mentioned earlier, and she was pretty damn hot when you saw
her in the light! Karen was quite tall, almost as tall as me, with medium
length brown hair and a pretty cute smile. Like I said, Karen was from the
troop I visited late in the night, and as I later found out had just turned
Sweet 16, but was the only person in her troop of that age, explaining why
she was more distanced from the other girls in the troop I guess. We both
introduced each other briefly and set off on the hike to the river with
several containers to get more water, praying that she wouldn't find out
who I was, but so far she didn't show any nervousness or knowledge of who I
was.

While we were walking I looked over Karen a bit more closely this time,
especially with regards to her physical form, and when you compare the
whole physical situation with that of Patty's from last week, one might be
a little disappointed. Karen had average sized breasts for a teenager her
age, long, tanned legs partially covered by her knee high white socks, and
from what I could tell through her skirt a nicely sized rounded ass. When
it came to what she was wearing, it just your average scout uniform like
Patty and the rest of the girls, but with a few changes: this uniform
seemed the proper size for Karen, so they didn't tightly press against
Karen's body, she did up all of the buttons on her shirt and her skirt was
at a proper length. At first one might be skeptical at the sexiness of
this average and moderately clothed teenager, but she definitely makes up
for it!The one thing that was common about most teenie girls, and the
only thing small about her uniform was that the length of her shirt was
fairly short and permitted you a view of her belly, and strangely enough
she wore black high-heels on the trip as opposed to the usual black shoes
that most of the Scouts usually wore, which when combined with her knee
high white socks gave her this real sex appeal.

As we walked further I walked right next to Karen hoping to get a nice
look down her shirt. As it got a little cooler I also looked down at the
front of Karen's chest and noticed that she also must not have worn a bra
today, since I could easily see her rather large tits poking out through
her blouse. After Karen had turned her head a few times to see if I had
been looking at her I fell behind her to avoid any suspicion. Whenever we
got to an uphill section I would get a great view up Karen's skirt as she
climbed up the hill. To my surprise, in addition to not wearing a bra,
Karen had also not worn any panties that day. As much as I loved getting a
good upskirt view of any Girl Scout's panties (which I did a lot during the
week), be it in pink, red, light blue, or Karen's bright green panties that
got me really excited, it was great getting a look up Karen's skirt and
catching a glimpse of her Sweet 16 pussy, complete with a nicely trimmed
bush. I kept walking, trying to walk normal and not let on to the boner I
was carrying around in my pants.

Eventually we made it to the river and both started to fill up
containers with water to bring back to the camp. At one point rather than
walk with Karen to pick up more water from the river and place it by the
side of a tree so the containers wouldn't tip over, I faked a yawn and
stayed put by the tree, so that way when Karen bent over to scoop up more
water, I could get a nice view up skirt at her round ass. As soon as Karen
bent over and I got a look at her pussy from behind again, I thought I was
gonna faint; no mater how long a Girl Scout's skirt was, they always seemed
to ride up and give you a good view of their asses whenever they bent over
even the slightest bit. Karen turned around and there I was with a huge
lump in my pants, yet again. "You like my pussy don't you?" said Karen,
and I asked what she was talking about and she replied, "Please, chloroform
only works if the person breathes the stuff in, I had my mouth and nose
closed when you tried to put me out, your not the first guy who's tried to
get it on with me while I've slept. I was awake each time you groped my
chest and rubbed you hard cock against my tight pussy through my panties,
which I REALLY enjoyed." Immediately I was shocked and worried that if I
didn't knock out the other girls properly, maybe they knew what I was
doing. After several seconds of having that shocked look on my face, Karen
said, "Don't worry, I won't tell, and neither will any of the other girls.
The only reason we go on stupid trips like this is so we can fuck all of
the horny men who buy Girl Scout cookies, or nookies, and we all take the
pill when we go on these trips. I fucked one guy yesterday, it's my turn
with you today, and tomorrow you get to fuck Abriana, the girl you groped
with the pigtails and Hello Kitty panties." I couldn't believe it! It
seemed that almost all of the other Girl Scouts and not just Patty were all
horny sluts willing to give themselves to older men for me. The worried
look on my face vanished and was replaced by a slick smile as I said, "So I
get to fuck you now?" seriously excited to do more than peek at the girls'
panties, grope them and go jack off in the woods. "Yes," said Karen,
followed by, "We better get started so we're not gone too long, just stay
where you are and I'll take care of everything."

Karen moved over to me and looked deep into my eyes as she unbuttoned
and unzipped my pants and pulled them down to my ankles. Karen slowly
moved to her knees and began sucking my dick right there in the middle of
the national park. Unlike Patty, Karen wasn't as creative when it came to
sucking cock. Karen stayed at a neutral speed most of the time and never
looked up at me when she came up for air or slurped up any of my pre cum. I
guess for Karen it wasn't her goal to really work to please me so I would
buy any cookies, Karen was clearly enjoying this for herself as she slowly
sucked my cock with her eyes closed, quietly moaning and fingering her
pussy beneath her skirt. Eventually Karen removed her blouse and
neckerchief, giving me a full view of her beautiful teenage chest.

I knew we didn't have time for Karen to keep sucking me, let me blow a
load, eat her pussy and then fuck her and blow another load, and despite my
intention to ask her to stop so I could eat her pussy, a couple of seconds
later Karen said, "Mmmmmmm MY turn," and she laid down on the forest floor
on top of her blouse laid out on the ground. I knew we were running out of
time and that I should've moved on to screwing Karen, but I just had to get
a taste of Karen's Sweet 16 pussy before we finished. I pushed up Karen's
skirt and jammed my tongue into Karen's pussy and started licking all
around her little slit, which surprisingly tasted like sweet fruit. Karen
moaned loudly and whispered over to me, "Better than licking the pre cum
out of my panties isn't it?" I didn't reply, I was too busy enjoying Karen.
Eventually Karen blurted out, "I'M CUMMING!!!" and with that a wash of
Karen's tasty cum entered my mouth.

It was time to fuck Karen so I told her to bend over while bracing
herself against a large tree by the river, all of which Karen did without
reluctance. As Karen bent over, I slowly unzipped the back of her skirt as
she turned to watch, and I then I let it fall to her feet, and Karen was
now only dressed in her knee high white socks and black high heels. I said
it before and I'll say it again, Girl Scouts wearing only knee socks and
black shoes are much hotter than when they're naked, and Karen was
especially hot in her high heels. I quickly shoved my cock into Karen's
pussy and began fucking her from behind. I didn't have time to do any
fancy moves, so I just kept pounding Karen's tight Girl Scout pussy with
all the strength I could muster, causing Karen to moan loudly, but she
never screamed, probably to avoid alerting anyone back at camp. Boy, at
that point I started to think that Karen might even be a little bit better
than Patty in some ways, like the fact that I didn't have to buy a shit
load of cookies in order to fuck her. The time came and I finally blew a
huge hot load of my sperm into Karen's pussy, some of which leaked from her
little slit down to the forest floor below as she let out a long, long moan
of pleasure.

We quickly got redressed and wandered back to camp with the water we
were supposed to have returned with a half hour ago. During our trip back
Karen turned to me and said, "I really enjoyed that, maybe we can do it
again before the trip is over. Remember, you get to fuck Abriana tomorrow,
and tonight all of the girls expect you back for the usual." I asked if
they had all been awake when I was playing with their bodies, to which
Karen told me that they were, and that tonight Abriana had requested to
have me pull down her skirt and rub my cock over her panties just like
Karen's, except she wanted me to blow my load all over her panties this
time, so she could show them off to her friends back home.

When we returned to the camp site we dropped off the water and Karen
returned to her troop. As I was on my way to go get something to eat for
lunch I saw Abriana, sexy with her uniform and innocent pigtails, standing
among some trees away from the general camp site. We smiled at each other,
clearly knowing what both tonight and tomorrow had in store for us. 
Abriana quickly looked in each direction, making sure no one could see her,
and she lifted the front of her skirt to give me a peek at her Hello Kitty
panties and what I was expecting to get a taste of later on tonight. I was
really gonna fuck that girl tomorrow! This was gonna be the best camping
trip I've ever been on!






 