KITCHEN GANG BANG
by
WIFE WATCHER

I was recently married to the loveliest 18 year old girl you could
ever wish to meet.  Our Honeymoon was one weeks cruise and one weeks
stay at a holiday resort.  On the cruise we had become friendly with
a middle-aged couple.  The wife was very friendly (they both were)
but I suspected that the guy was lusting after my bride.  My wife
would hear nothing said against them and readily accepted their
invite to visit them as their home was only a couple of miles from
our holiday hotel.  We enjoyed a few days alone at the hotel and
then it was time for the proposed visit.  The couple phoned us at
the hotel and said that they where sorry that they had got their
dates mixed up and where going to a party, so wouldn't be at home
but we where quite welcome to go with them to the party and they
knew that their friends would love to meet us.  My wife was as
pleased as punch, to be going to a party and to meet new people.

We met up with the couple and they drove us to the lovely big house
of their friends.  We were made very welcome and introduced to
lots of people.  It did seem a bit odd that most of the guests
were male.  I mentioned this and was told that it was because they
were mostly business associates.

We got separated and after a while I went in search of my wife.  I
went from room to room, I eventually found her in the kitchen. I
stood at the kitchen door and saw her surrounded by six guys who
were all trying to get a feel of her lovely body. She was a bit
drunk and either didn't realise or didn't care what was happening to
her.  She had hands all over her as the men all tried to get a grope
of my lovely young bride. One guy started kissing her hard on the
mouth and as he did 2 guys who were standing either side of my wife,
gently eased her top down to reveal her bare breasts.  The guy
kissing her stood back so that everyone could see her naked
loveliness.  What surprised me was that she opened her eyes, looked
down and saw her tits were on show and instead of trying to cover
up, she closed her eyes again, put her head back and sighed deeply.

The guys took this as a 'come on' and 2 guys started to suck on her
nipples.  Someone said "Get her on the table."  She was lifted up
and lain on the table, her dress was removed and I got another
shock, she wasn't wearing any panties.

"Wow!!"  "Cor look at that!"  Were some of the comments that came
from the crowd of guys as they beheld my lovely young wife.
Suspenders, stockings and high heeled shoes and a shaved pussy.  She
stretched her arms above her head and spread her legs.  The guys
needed no further encouragement, one guy got between her legs and
eased his big dick into her lovely cunt.  Another guy pulled her
head to the side and placed his cock at her lips which she
immediately opened to let him slide his cock down her throat.  I had
always thought of her as a shy little thing but here she was being
as brazen as any 'fuck slut'.

The guys started fucking her in earnest now, not caring about her,
not being gentle, just shagging a slut.  She was loving every minute
of it, her moans of delight and screams of orgasm could be heard all
over the house.  This attracted other men at the party to come to
the kitchen where they all took a turn at fucking the obliging
little whore who was my precious little wife.

20 men had fucked her, at least once each, some had 2 and 3 goes at
her.  When she was at last left alone, I stood there, looking down
at my beautiful little darling, turned slut, she never looked so
lovely as she did then.  Laying across a kitchen table with sponk in
her hair, on her face, dribbling from the corners of her mouth and
best of all, seeping from her lovely cunt.  She opened her eyes,
looked up at me and smiling, said  "More"  How could I resist, I
knelt down and buried my face into her sweet young cunt.

I slurped and sucked for all I was worth on her swollen, hairless
cunt lips.  She climaxed twice more, then I got between her legs and
took my turn at fucking her. I looked up and saw our 'friends' (who
had brought us to this party) watching us. "I knew she had the
makings of a 1st class slut.  Why don't you have a turn at fucking
her?" said the wife. "I couldn't manage it again, I've fucked her
twice already." replied the husband.

That was the start of our new slutty way of life, now my sweet
little angel can't get enough cock.  I often come home to find her
fucking the milkman or paperboy.  Sometimes in groups.  We now
advertise for invites to parties, she prefers to be seduced and
'fucked rotten' by strangers.  We also go to saunas and sex cinema's
where she can find more men, more cocks to use her, to fuck her, to
shag her.  She loves it all and I love watching my very own, lovely
little slut enjoy herself.
