Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Two: Taming the Mistress Bitch, Part Two
Summary: Susannah is confronted by Sable in the girl's locker. If Sussannah's not careful, she'll ruin her reuptation as a good girl if Sable figures out her true desires.
Keywords: ff mFf mf oral anal D/s lac super

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Three

Susannah Augustine

I walked down the hallway behind Sable Newport with Zach. I was finding this all strange. I was one of four women that were prophesied to help Zach rule the world. And one of us four would be an adulterous woman. I found that... unpleasant. Distasteful.

But I trusted the Lord. Good could come out of anything.

I noticed that Zach was staring intently at Sable. Was he checking her out? My eyes flicked to the tight skirt she wore that hugged her butt-cheeks. The way her rump moved beneath her skirt was... hypnotic. Alluring. This heat swelled inside me.

Ever since that angel appeared inside my bedroom, I was starting to think about women. I had eaten her angelic pussy out, and been anointed in her spicy cream that pushed out of her twat. I had behaved in her feminine passion.

Now... Now I was finding Sable Newport's ass to be very fetching to look at.

That was not why Zach was staring at her ass? Or was it because she... 

Is she the mistress bitch? I asked softly.

Nisha believes she is, Zach answered just as quietly. She is doing... research. Investigating her. Trying to figure out how I can claim her.

I nodded. That was good.

We reached Mr. Harrison's English class, Sable Newport marching on down the hallway on her heeled boots. There click-click echoed down the hallway. Zach opened the door for me like a perfect gentleman, or a loving husband. That sent a warmth fluttering through me.

Thank you, Zach, I said, wanting to call him something more intimate.

He smiled as he said, My pleasure.

I thought about Sable Newport all through English class. I had a hard time focusing on Mr. Harrison's lesson. Sable filled my mind. She would be one of Zach's women. Like a concubine or something. It was a strange thing to think about.

And exciting.

King Solomon had all those women. He was infamous for it. What did those women do when their husband wasn't around? Sleeping with another man would be adultery. But one of his other wives? One of his other women? Where had all these... lesbian thoughts come from?

The angel.

She awakened something inside of me. Desires that I didn't know I was capable of having. And now they burned so hot in me as I sat beside Zach in our English class. It was so hard not to squirm. Not to bite my lower lip.

My poor panties are getting so wet. I was also hard thinking about Sable and Zach. About them doing things with each other. With me. Zach would watch Sable and me doing things. Writhing together. Our bodies quivered as we climaxed.

We would shower each other in pussy juices. Then Zach would pounce on us. He would enjoy us both. Ravish us. He would pump his cock in and out of our pussies or assholes. He would flood us with his cum. He would just pump us full of all his seed.

And we would have to lick each other clean. I wondered if there was a name for that. Something dirty and filthy. Something that my mother and father would never think I could do. They were good and proper. The preacher and his faithful wife. 

But me...

I would be a different sort of faithful wife. A whorish wife that did such naughty, naughty things at my husband's command. And if he ordered me to eat out Sable Newport's pussy full of all his cum, well, I'd have to do it.

The Lord ordered me to.

I was a ball of horny frustration when English with Mr. Harrison was over. I rose, smiling at Zach like nothing had happened. My cheeks must be so red, though. He glanced at me and smiled as if he could read my mind.

You have PE with Sable, don't you? he said as he gathered his things.

Yes, I said, my voice so tight. And?

And, I'll see you after in Mr. Fredrickson's Civics class, Zach said. Gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. Have fun.

I nodded as he strode away. I grabbed my book bag and hurried after. He had to go right while I went left. My panties were so sodden. I had soaked them with my devilish thoughts. I just hoped they would come true, someday. I mean, if Sable is destined to be Zach's...

I hurried through the school to the gymnasium. I hugged my arms about my body, beset by all the sinful passions. But if I enjoyed them at Zach's command, was it really sinful then? I was ordered by God to serve him utterly. 

I burned for that.

I burned for that so much I wanted to lick Sable's pussy.

I entered the girls' locker room and realized I would be getting naked stranded by a whole bevy of teenage girls. I would see them stripping off their clothes and changing into their PE garb. Thus tight shorts and tank tops we had to wear with panties and sports bras.

I swallowed as nudity was all around me, girls were doing just that. Bras came off. Breasts were bouncing free as they switched over to sports bras. I swallowed as everywhere I looked there were jiggling tits for a moment. I licked my lips and started undressing.

Then Sable appeared. I couldn't help but glance at her when she started stripping naked. My nipples poked hard at the tops of my breasts. I watched her pull off her tight top and undo her lacy bra. She glanced over at me.

I squeaked and looked away.

Did she see me staring?

My cheeks burned as I changed into my PE garb. Maroon shorts and a white tank top. My pussy was so wet as I glanced over at Sable again. Those maroon shorts hugged her rump. She was heading out of the locker room, her ass looking perfect in them. She had long legs, too. Tall and sultry.

We gotta get going or Coach Brunson will chew us out, said Moira, Zach's twin sister.

I blinked out of my thoughts. "You're right, I said. I was thinking about... your brother.

Moira grinned at me. She was a lesbian and didn't go to church any longer. She dressed all in this Goth manner. Even now, wearing the same PE garb as me, she still looked different. The black lipstick. The pale foundation made her skin even whiter. Just her mannerism.

She had the smirk like she knew a joke that the rest of the world didn't.

She was a slender thing, a little shorter than me, and definitely without that great ass that Sable had. Moira and I joined the other girls, and the boys, in the gymnasium. Coach Brunson was waiting for us, his whistle around his neck.

He blew it and we lined up. I found myself behind Sable Newport. It was an accident. Mostly. I tried not to stare too hard as she bent over to do stretches in front of me. I did not want anyone to think I was gay.

But she did have such a gorgeous rump. It really was making me wet. I couldn't help it.
Once stretches were done, Coach Brunson had us running laps. I jogged behind Sable, again. I didn't really have any friends; most of the girls were far, far too worldly. So I didn't mind that I was alone. I was in good shape, though. 

And so was Sable.

She set a pace that I had trouble keeping up with. But I did. I followed her, wanting to keep an eye on her. As I did, I lapped Moira twice, Zach's twin not taking the class all that seriously. She did wink at me the second time, though. And licked her lips in a very suggestive matter.

She was such a strange girl.

Finally, Coach Brunson blew his whistle and sent us to the showers. I was a sweaty mess from keeping up that hard pace following Sable. I was so ready for the shower. The girls were all chatting and laughing as they filtered into the locker room. Clothes were coming off.

I pulled off my tank top as I glanced over at Sable. She was removing her bra to free her round breasts. They had such a firm jiggle to them. My pussy clenched as I pulled off my own sports bra. My big boobs bounced free.

Then Sable shoved off her maroon shorts and her panties in a single go, bending over. She thrust her rump out towards me, giving me a view of her shaved twat. She had not a bit of pubic hair on her vulva.

I licked my lips.

Sable straightened and glanced over at me. I jumped and turned away, my naked boobs smacking together. My cheeks burned with embarrassment as I fumbled to take off my own shorts. I shoved my panties off, stepping out of them.

Wrapped up in my grade towel, I headed to the shower. Sable had her towel draped over her shoulder, her naked rump swaying from side to side without a hint of self-consciousness. She went for one of the back stalls. The most private part of the locker room.

I headed to the stall beside hers, the one that was in the exact corner. I took off my towel and draped it over the divider between ours. She did the same with hers. I turned on the water, the spray splashing on my boobs. I shuddered, feeling her so close.

Now what does the preacher's daughter like to stare at my naked body, purred a sultry voice behind me.

I squeaked and whirled around to find Sable standing naked at the entrance to my stall. She had her hands on her hips, her firm breasts thrusting out at me. Her nipples hard. Almost accusatory as they pointed at me.

W-what? I stammered. Staring at you? I tried to laugh.

You were staring at me, Sable purred, this wicked gleam in her eyes. She entered my stall, stepping so close to me. How very, very naughty. Are you a secret dyke, preacher's daughter?

N-no, I gasped. I'm not gay. I'm dating Zach.

And? Sable demanded. She took another step towards me, her round breasts jiggling. There were barely six inches between our tits now. She was so close. I didn't ask if you were dating a beard. I asked if you want to kneel before me and eat my cunt.

W-what? I sputtered. Of course I don't! I'm straight!

Liar, Sable said with such amusement in her eyes. I can see how you lust after me. You're a bitch in heat, and you want to lick my cunt and make me cum. Don't even try to deny it.

I shook my head. I was denying it. Because I wanted to lick her pussy. I fought so hard not to flick my gaze down to her shaved twat. I licked my lips as I salivated to discover what her pussy tastes like.

After experiencing the angel's pussy and making her cum, I couldn't get the idea of eating out another girl out of my mind. But I had to be a good, pure girl.

You're wrong, I gasped. I don't

She put her finger to my lips and silenced me. The only thing I want you doing with your lips and tongue is eating my pussy. Now! That last word cracked like a whip. Don't piss me off. You don't want me to be angry at you, little dyke. I'm giving you the chance to indulge that deviant, sinful desire.

You do not want to offend me.

I quivered. Frightened. My heart thundered so fast. What would she do to me?

Sable, Sable, Sable, a girl said behind her. Are you picking on my brother's girlfriend?

This doesn't concern you, Moira, Sable said, her voice thick with frost.

Unless you want a repeat of last semester, I suggest you march that skank ass outta here, Moira said. Before I beat your rich cunt again. I wouldn't mind punting that pussy a second time.

Sable's face modeled with rage. Will continue this later, little dyke.

Then she turned and marched past Moira standing naked outside of my stall. My boyfriend's twin sister shook her head. She glared at Sable and muttered something that might've been, stuck up cunt, or something equally as vile.

When Sable was gone. I was standing all alone with Moira, trembling. I shuddered, hugging my big breasts. I had come so close to betraying my husband. I so had wanted to fall to my knees and eat out Sable, but he hadn't told me to do that.

Thank you, I croaked. Thank you, thank you, thank you.

She's a bitch, Moira said. And, hey, your family.

Family? I asked, my heart beating.

Yeah, you're my brother's secret wife. Moira smiled, her black lips twisting with something wicked. But not dominating and malicious like Sable. This was more... mischievous. Like what a fairy from mythology would.

I'm just his girlfriend, I said, trying to keep my voice light. I mean, marriage is what I hope to have. I want to be his wife.

Naw, you came over in the middle of the night. He told me all about last night. She grinned. How the angel consecrated you with her pussy juices. How you snuck into the trailer and lost your virginity to my brother.

My cheeks burned. How did she knew all that?

She leaned in close. He told me you were a dirty, dirty girl in bed. Anal? I'm impressed. And you're a dirty girl right now, aren't you?

I swallowed. He really told you what we did last night? 

Moira nodded. We're twins. We don't have secrets from each other. And I know that you're a dirty, dirty girl with a wet cunt. You're soaking wet right now, aren't you?

What, no! I gasped, my cheeks burning as my wet pussy clenched.

Well, let's just find out, Moira said and fell to her knees before me. Before I knew it, she had grabbed my hips and thrust her head between my thighs. She stopped right before my bush and inhaled. Yum!

Moira! I gasped as she pressed her face into my blonde bush. What are you doing?

Eating your pussy, moaned Moira. That hot, wet, juicy cunt that my brother fucked last night. He popped your cherry, so I can now do... this!

She thrust her tongue into my pussy. My eyes widened as I felt her wiggling about in my snatch. I quivered as she caressed the walls on my twat, stroking me and sending naughty pleasure rippling through my body. This could not be happening.

But it was. Moira licked my pussy as the other girls showered around us. We could get caught. And that would be bad. It would ruin my reputation and destroy my usefulness as being the good girl that Zach needed me to appear to be.

Moira, I whimpered, not wanting to attract attention. We were back in the corner where no one could see us, but... You can't do this. I can't be caught in a compromising position.

But Moira just ignored me. She kept licking and lapping at me, stroking my pussy lips with her naughty tongue. Pleasure rippled through my body everywhere she touched me. I whimpered, my big boobs jiggling. This felt so good.

I remembered eating the angel's pussy, licking her slit. How wonderful it was to eat a woman out. And now a womana girlwas doing the same to me. This was lesbian sex, and it felt so good. Different from what Zach gave me.

I couldn't fight it. I wanted to, but my body was too weak. His twin sister fluttered her tongue up and down my slit, brushing my labia and clit. The pleasure rippled through me, feeding this pressure that grew and grew in my pussy.

Moira, I groaned.

Mmm, you have a yummy pussy, sis, Moira purred.

Sis? I gasped as her tongue thrust into my pussy. My sister. Not yet.

You're already married to my brother, Moira said. You might not be 'official,' but that makes you my sister. And since I like to have sex with my brother, it only makes sense that I would have sex with you, too.

You like to have... I shuddered as her tongue licked at my pussy again. Then I hissed in a whisper, Sex with your brother?

Moira winked at me as she feasted on my cunt. They'd had sex? They were brother and sister. Twins. Oh, Lord, Zach had mentioned that there would be things he would ask me to do. Depraved things. I had agreed. 

Incest?

That was depraved.

I trembled, trying not to moan out loud as showers hissed around us. The other girls were getting clean as Moira devoured my pussy. We could get caught, which made this even hotter. I was risking my reputation as a good girl.

I could be soiled by what Moira was doing. Outed as a lesbian who cheated on her boyfriend with his twin sister. It was so wrong. This made her tongue stroking through my folds feel so good. She knew what she was doing. She ate me.

Licked at me. Lapped at me. 

I knew she was a lesbian, and she proved it by how she gave me such pleasure. Her tongue just knew where to stroke me, sending waves of delight through me. It wasn't as good as her brother's big dick fucking me, it was still wondrous.

I quivered, my big boobs swaying back and forth as I grabbed the back of her head.

I couldn't help but hold her mouth to my pussy. To rub my furred muff on her lips.

I humped against her, my hips moving as her tongue fluttered over my labia. She licked and lapped at my cunt, brushing my clit. Sparks burst from that naughty bud and showered through me. It was so hard not to moan louder. To squeal out in delight.

My orgasm built and built inside of me. I came closer and closer to bursting inside of me. I ground my teeth together, fighting against my moans. My shouts of lesbian rapture. Her tongue swirled around my clit.

I would burst and shower her in my cunt cream.

There was no stopping it now. Moira's tongue swirled around my clit. I bucked, my big boobs bouncing as the pressure in my twat swelled and swelled towards that bursting point. I whimpered into my hand clamped firmly over my mouth.

She nibbled on my bud with her soft lips.

I exploded.

Lesbian rapture swept through my body. Sinful, homosexual bliss bathed my mind. It was a different sort of orgasm than the ones that Zach gave me. I squealed into my hand, stars bursting across my vision as my thoughts drowned in ecstasy.

Moira kept licking and lapping at my cunt. Her tongue dragged through my folds, the pleasure making me shudder. My eyes rolled back in my head I trembled, my big boobs swaying back and forth. It was so intense and delicious.

Goddamn, you're so yummy, Susannah, Moira moaned into my cunt.

She thrust her tongue into my writhing snatch. She swirled it around as my pussy writhed. I shuddered, the pleasure swirling over my thoughts. I quivered as I hurtled into the rapture skies. As high as I could soar on the wings of ecstasy.

Panting, I descended back to earth. My orgasm died into euphoria. I let my hand fall from my mouth as Moira stood up. She had a big grin on her lips as she cupped my face and kissed me. Her lips tasted of my pussy.

I groaned and dueled my tongue with hers. I loved kissing her. She had such soft lips, and the taste of my cunt cream on them only made this wickeder. My big boobs pressed into her small chest. I felt dizzy from all the heady bliss.

She broke the kiss and said, Welcome to the family.

I just panted and nodded as she turned on the shower. I gasped as the cold water splashed on my back. Then it quickly warmed up as she left my stall behind to enter the one beside it. I turned around, feeling stunned.

I turned the shower on and washed in a daze. I felt so good for my lesbian orgasm. I couldn't believe my husband's twin sister had made me cum. When he had mentioned fucking his sister as a test of my commitment, I never thought he was serious.

But Moira seemed to know too much not to be having sex with her twin brother.

With my Zach.

I soaped my big breasts, my nipples still so sensitive from the orgasm. I shuddered as I ran the green bar over my nipples. I whimpered, washing down my stomach. I was still so dizzy. This was so wild.

I kept washing my body, the bar of soap sliding over my skin. The warm water splashed on my body as the locker room grew quieter and quieter. I heard the tardy bell ring. I was late for my next class.

I grabbed my towel and hurriedly dried my body. I dressed with my skin still wet, pulling on my conservative clothes. There was no PE class using the locker room right now, which was a good thing or I would be getting weird looks right now.

I darted out of the locker room and hurried through the empty halls. I raced towards my Civics class with Mr. Fredrickson. I ran up the stairs and reached the door. I opened it slowly and slipped inside, everyone's heads whipping around to stare at me.

Sorry, Mr. Fredrickson, I said. I got held up in PE.

That's fine, Miss Augustine, he said, waving his hand. Open your book to chapter seven.

I sat down beside Zach, my cheeks burning. He gave me a surprised look as I squirmed in my seat, my pussy burning hot. I was getting wet again. I would have to tell him what his sister did to me. I would have to admit that I was so weak that I allowed her to eat me out in the middle of the girls' locker room.

That would be so embarrassing. Would he be mad at me for risking everything? I didn't want to do it, but his sister was so persistent. I squirmed all through class, so worried for the conversation to come. 

Chapter Four

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

All through Civics class, I wondered what had gotten into Susannah. She was so off. Her cheeks were burning bright and she couldn't stop squirming. Did something happen during PE? She had that with Sable. I hope Susannah didn't do anything to indiscreet.

Just as the class was coming to the end, Nisha stepped through the door. No one noticed the dusky-skinned and busty MILF walking naked through the classroom. I only allowed my eyes to flick to her, trying not to act like anything was wrong.

She perched on my desk, her large tits swaying about her. Oh, yes, Sable Newport is definitely the one.

I nodded.

Here's the prophecy that you will have to unravel, my thought form purred.

A bitch to leash,
to muzzle and chain,
requires a special treat.
A trap is baited,
with a nubile delight.
An innocent facade. 
A beauty claimed.
On her knees,
the trap must be.
Ready to please.
Ready to deceive.

I blinked at the prophecy then glanced over at Susannah. An innocent facade? A beauty claimed? Interesting. Was it implying I had to use Susannah as bait? I wanted to talk to my thought form and get Nisha's input, but I was in the middle of class.

Still, it was a very intriguing prophecy. One that definitely made sense why I needed to get Susannah. She could be more than just my disguise. My public face. If she was what I needed to get the Mistress Bitch on my side, then she was even more perfect than I'd thought.

Study what we talked about today because it will be on the test on Friday, Mr. Fredrickson said. I'll see you all tomorrow.

I stood and glanced at Susannah. I take it PE was a little... interesting?

The panicked look flashed over Susannah's face. It was rather cute. She looked around and then calmed herself. I don't like to gossip, Zach. She said. That's not very becoming of a proper, Christian woman.

You're right, I said, offering her my arm. I glanced over at Nisha and, as quietly as I could, said, we need something private.

I know just the spot, my thought form said. Follow.

Well, I suppose it wasn't too important? I said as my eyes followed Nisha's plump, dusky ass as she strolled toward the door.

No, no, Susannah said. Just a little tiff between girls. It happens.

She was doing a very good job. She remembered her role. I liked that. I knew she was the one I would have at my side in public, so it was good that she could play the part so well. I was convinced. I had no doubts that she wasn't just a proper, young woman.

We chatted about nothing really as Nisha led us into the hallway. Susannah and I had to thread through the crowd while Nisha just walked through them. Which was annoying as they blocked the gorgeous view of her delicious rump. 

But that was life.

She led us around the corner and the students started to thin out. Everyone was heading to the cafeteria. It was the lunch period. She walked into an empty classroom. Just phasing right through the door like it wasn't there.

She appeared so real to me that it was easy to forget she was a spirit only I could touch.
I opened it and ushered Susannah inside. I closed it. The room didn't look to be in use. Chairs were sitting on the desk. The chalkboard hadn't been written on in a while. The room felt empty, bare of any decorations.

No one should disturb you here, Master, Nisha said.

Oh, Susannah, you did very good not talking about our private business in front of others, I said, cupping my wife's chin. I stroked her cheek with my thumb. Now tell me what happened. Every detail. 

Yes, dear, Susannah said, her cheeks were so bright. Well... Tears started forming in her eyes. I... I... I was indiscreet.

I cupped her face. Indiscreet? What did that mean? What happened?

I... I couldn't stop looking at Sable in the locker room. She swallowed. I was... attracted to her body. Ever since the angel last night, I think... I think I find women... It's sinful, I know, but...

It's what I want you to be, I told her. I need you to be bisexual. It's okay to look, just don't be obvious about it.

I was obvious. She quivered, staring me in the eyes. Her tears magnified her eyes.

Maybe that wasn't such a bad thing. Okay, what did she do?

She trembled there and told me about how the dominating Sable had called her a closet dyke. My head cocked as I realized this was just what I needed. The bait for the trap to claim Sable. But I wasn't sure just how it would work.

It was one thing to have Sable dominate Susannah, but it was another thing to claim her for myself. My mind thought over the problem as Susannah quivered there. She rubbed at her hands, her eyes growing wet.

Moira came to my rescue and then she... she... Susannah's cheeks burned bright as the tears spilled down her cheeks. 

She ate your pussy? I asked.

Susannah's eyes bulged. 

I asked you if you had a problem with me fucking my twin, I said. She's taking my dick in her pussy before. So has your pussy.

I thought... I didn't think you really meant it. Susannah squirmed. It was like... a metaphor or something. An example or a test but... You're not mad that I let her go down on me? She trembled before me, her lower lip quivering.

You didn't let her do anything, I said. She was Moira. She seized.

And made me cum, Susannah whimpered. I... I really enjoyed it.

My dick throbbed at the idea of my twin sister eating out Susannah's cunt. Well, fair was fair. Susannah had eaten out Moira's pussy last night. My dick was hard. I had to enjoy my girlfriend. I needed to be pleasured.

She's my twin, I said. She's involved in this plan. An important part of it. And so are you. You are just what we need to claim Sable.

I am? Susannah asked.

I winked at her. Now kneel and suck my dick. Just thinking of my sister going down on you has inflamed my passions. And what's a wife's duty.

To submit and pleasure her husband, she moaned and dropped to her knees before me. She licked her lips. I'm so ready to serve, Zach.

She attacked the fly of my jeans and my belt. She had both undone in moments and yanked them down. Then she tugged at my boxers with such slutty eagerness. She wanted my dick. She craved it. That was so hot. My dick popped out.

Susannah's blue eyes widened with delight. She licked her lips then opened her mouth and swallowed my cock. She was so submissive. Just perfect. I groaned as her soft mouth slid down my shaft and suckled on my dick.

My cock throbbed in her mouth as she nursed on me. I shuddered, a big smile spreading over my lips as she loved me. I sucked in a deep breath, loving every second of her hot mouth nursing on me. She bobbed her head, swirling her tongue around me.

Just like that, I groaned. Just like that. That's perfect, Susannah.

She moaned in delight and suckled with such passion on me. She nursed with all that hunger that she could muster. I loved how she suckled on me. She nursed on me with everything that she had. My heart pounded in my chest. This was amazing.

I groaned as she bobbed her head. Nisha smiled, her hands squeezing her big boobs. Milk beaded her brown nipples. I licked my lips as my thought form grinned at me. She drifted towards me, knowing what I craved.

Yes, I groaned as I leaned over and latched onto her nipple. I suckled. 

Her breast milk splashed against the back of my throat. I groaned and swallowed that delight. It was an incredible rush to have her milk squirting into my mouth. I gulped it down, swallowing that wonderful delight.

I drank down that wonderful milk, swallowing every bit of it that I could as Susannah worked her soft lips up and down my cock. She suckled on me with such passion. She nursed on me with that hot mouth of hers.

That's it, Master, cooed Nisha as I gulped down her creamy breast milk. Mmm, just enjoy that delight.

It was so refreshing and not real at all, but I didn't care.

I nursed from her as Susannah suckled at my dick with such passion. She bobbed her head, working her hot mouth up and down my cock. Her suction swelled the pressure growing in my nuts. That need to erupt and spray my cum into her mouth.

I groaned around Nisha's nipple. Her milk gushed into my mouth. She stroked her hands through my short hair, holding me to her breast. Her moans echoed through the room, heard only by me. This was an incredible delight.

Susannah suckled hard on my dick. She nursed with such passion on my dick. Her tongue swept around the crown. She wanted my jizz. Craved it spraying into her mouth. She was such a perfect slut for me. I loved her mouth.

She groaned around my dick.

That's it, Master, cooed Nisha. Mmm, release that lust. You can't have it clouding your judgment. You need to have a clear head.

I groaned around her nipple as I drank more and more of her sweet breast milk. My dick throbbed in Susannah's mouth. She bobbed her head, working her head up and down my shaft. Nisha was right. I had to have that clear head.

I needed to relieve pressure.

Susannah was perfect for that. Her submissive mouth worked up and down my cock. Her repressed lusts had been released. She nursed on me, suckling for all her might. Bound to me by the succubus's power and my sister's spells.

It was wonderful. Amazing. I suckled harder on Nisha's nipple. I nursed on her with such passion. My toes curled in my shoes as the pressure at the tip of my dick grew and grew in my naughty wife's mouth. She swirled her tongue around it, caressing me. 

I groaned around Nisha's nipple. I gulped down her breast milk. The creamy warmth melted to my stomach. I loved that heat spreading down to my nethers. To my balls and my cock buried in Susannah's hungry mouth.

She suckled so hard on my cock.

She slurped on me with passion.

My dick throbbed as the pressure in my balls swelled towards their bursting point. I would unleash so much cum into her mouth. Just spurt over and over into her cunt. That would be an amazing moment. I loved it so much. I savored that hot mouth working up and down my cock.

I gulped down breast milk as Susannah's tongue swept around the crown of my dick. The naughty caress sent pleasure shooting down my cock to my nuts. The pressure in them hit that bursting point. I exploded into the once-pure mouth of the preacher's daughter.

I ripped my mouth from Nisha's nipple and snarled, Yes, yes, drink my cum! You're my slut, Susannah. My whore-wife!

She groaned around my cock, nursing with such passion as the jizz gushed out of me.

She is, Master, Nisha moaned, moving around me and hugging me from behind. Just flood her wanton mouth with all your seed!

I did. I spurted over and over into Susannah's mouth. I groaned as her hungry mouth nursed out that wonderful spunk. I loved how she nursed on me with that naughty mouth. She swallowed it down with passion, her blue eyes staring up at me.

I shuddered through the rapture as I pumped more and more of my cum down her throat. I loved every second of this. It was an incredible moment. My orgasm hit that peak as naughty Susannah suckled at my cock. She knelt before me.

Ideas sparked in my mind.

I smiled. You are such a sweet and obedient girl, aren't you, Susannah?

She slid her mouth off my cock and groaned, I am, Zach. I'll do whatever you need me to do. 

She smiled up at me. 

I loved that sentiment from her. She licked her lips as she quivered there. I could tell she was horny. She had awakened to all the possibilities of her body. She had a slut simmering beneath that good girl facade. Susannah didn't even know it, did she?

She thought herself pure. She still did. I would have to corrupt her even more to get my hands on Sable Newport. My cock twitched at the possibilities before me. I sucked in a deep breath as I studied Susannah.

Ass or pussy? I asked.

Zach? she asked, her blue eyes blinking.

Do you want me to fuck you in the ass or in the pussy? I smiled at her. Which hole do you want me to pound with my big dick.

She quivered and said, You want my asshole, Zach. That's what you're testing me. To see if I can be dirty enough to pleasure you, my husband.

My grin swelled even wider. Yes, I am. I wasn't. I was just curious how she thought. I didn't care what she picked, but it proved that she was falling into corruption more and more. You passed. Bend over the desk, hike your skirt, and drop your panties. I want you to beg me for it.

The wicked gleam in her eyes proved how much of a depraved slut she was. I had once read there was something like a slut gene in women. Those that had it were more promiscuous and likely to cheat. No longer repressed, and having gained a taste of pleasure, the preacher's daughter had embraced being a slut whether she knew it or not.

My slut.

I smiled as she rose, licking her lips. She turned with a flourish of her skirts and sauntered to the desk. She bent over it and hiked her skirt just like I asked. She had on snowy panties. Virginal and pure. Such a lie.

She then hooked her panties and shoved them off her hips. Her cute rump appeared and her blonde-furred muff dripped with her excitement. She quivered there while my dick throbbed with my eagerness. This was such a perfect moment. I licked my lips as she grabbed her butt-cheeks and parted them for me, exposing that brown rosebud. Her asshole.

Please, please, husband, fuck my asshole and relieve your lusts so you may think clearly, she purred. It's a wife's duties to satiate her husband.

And she wanted to do it in the kinkiest way possible.

I advanced on her and placed my dick between her butt-cheeks. I slid it down until I found her puckered asshole. I nuzzled it against her, loving the feel of her on me. She quivered there, whimpering with such delicious passion.

Please, please fuck my asshole, she moaned. Relieve yourself in my bowels, my husband. I want to be so useful to you.

Oh, you will, I groaned and thrust against her backdoor.

She groaned as I did that. She quivered there, her body trembling with delight. Her face contorted with passion. She trembled with delight as her anal ring widened for my dick. She gasped, her back arching as her asshole stretched open and swallowed the crown of my cock. 

Zach! she whimpered as her asshole devoured my dick. I slid into her bowels, reveling in the tight embrace of her anal sheath. Oh, Zach, yes! 

I grinned at the heat of her bowels around my dick. I savored that hot embrace as I drew back my hips. She groaned, squeezing her anal sheath around me. She massaged my dick with that excellent pussy. It was an incredible hole for me to enjoy.

Susannah was mine. I owned her. Could use her how I wanted. It was a heady rush to have her devotion to me. Her love. I thrust into her anal sheath as she gasped again, her moans echoing through the classroom in such exciting ways. 

Oh, my, yes! she whimpered as I pumped away at her asshole. Oh, Zach! Zach! Use me!

She even wanted me to use her. It was fate that this had happened. Kismet. This was meant to be.

I would become the ruler of this world. She would stand at my side as my queen with my sister lurking in the shadows. My twin sister... Damn, she was a wild thing. Passionate. Driven. It made so much sense that she wanted to help me.

She was my other half. The yin to my yang.

I fucked Susannah hard and fast, reveling in my wife's tight asshole. She squeezed down on me, the desk creaking beneath her. She moaned out her passion as I buggered her with hard strokes. She loved it, the dirty slut.

Damn, I groaned, fucking into her hard.

Mmm, she is just such a delight, said Nisha. She stroked Susannah's back through her blouse. I get why you want her. She'll be sublime in her role.

Yes! I growled, fucking hard into Susannah's asshole. Oh, she will be. Just sublime.

Is the angel talking about me? asked Susannah, her anal sheath squeezing about my dick. Is it the same angel that anointed me in pussy cream?

Yes! I groaned, fucking into her bowels. Yes, to both of those!

Oh, wonderful! she moaned, asshole gripping me.

Mmm, yes, yes, we have to figure out how to use her, Master, purred Nisha. Your sister will have ideas.

I nodded, fucking into Susannah's bowels. I plowed into her anal sheath again and again, savoring the feel of her hot asshole around my dick. My heavy nuts slapped into her flesh. They brimmed with all the cum that I would fire into her.

Just every last drop of my cum that I would flood her with.

I loved the feeling of her anal sheath gripping me. She massaged me with that delicious flesh. My nuts slapped over and over into her, my cum swelling in them. I would unleash so much in her. I would make her squeal on my dick.

Oh, that's wonderful, she gasped. Oh, yes, yes, that's just so fantastic, honey. Oh, I love your big dick in me! I hope the angel knows that!

Nisha rolled her eyes. So obvious.

She does, I groaned. The angel knows that you're my faithful and submissive wife who will do anything for me!

Anything! Susannah moaned, her asshole gripping my dick, bringing me closer and closer to that moment of eruption.

I shuddered, fucking her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath. I loved the way her bowels held me. Massaged me. That was an incredible rush. I thrust into her hard, burying my dick into her anal sheath again and again.

I groaned, gripping her hips as I hurtled towards my climax. She gasped out her passion, her asshole growing hotter around my cock. She clenched down on my cock, increasing the friction. The pressure in my balls hit that explosive point. I grunted, pumping away at her as hard as I could, waiting for her to cum.

I slammed into her asshole and she squealed, Zach!

Her anal sheath writhed around my dick. She convulsed about me, her bowels rippling and writhing around my cock. I groaned, savoring that hot sheath massaging my shaft. The crown. Pleasure pulsed up my dick.

I erupted.

Fuck! I groaned and spurted my cum into her bowels.

I unloaded blast after blast of cum into her bowels. I pumped her full of my jizz. I loved that heat. I savored it rushing through me. It was an incredible rush to pump her anal sheath full of my cum. I threw back my head, a big smile spreading on my lips.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring that heat surging through me. It was an incredible rush as I flooded her asshole.

Oh, Zach, honey! whimpered Susannah as her blonde hair danced. Her asshole suckled at my dick. Oh, that's so good!

My nuts emptied themselves into her bowels. I pumped my spunk into her writhing anal sheath. She milked me with that wonderful snatch. She worked out the cum. I shuddered, savoring the heat of her ass working out my cum.

It was fantastic.

I shuddered there, my heart pounding in my chest as she worked out the last drops of cum. I grinned, stroking her back. My mind worked with a plan. I needed to talk to my sister. Come up with a way to use Susannah as bait to bind Sable Newport to me.

No matter how dark the power was, I would use it to leash her. She would be my mistress-bitch. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sable Newport

I thought about how I could trap Little Miss Preacher's Daughter. I could tell she was a dyke just waiting to blossom. A timid, submissive thing that would look so perfect on her knees eating me out. I nodded along to the music playing from my phone, the stirring strings of the cover of the Undertale Soundtrack fueling my creativity.

I smiled as inspiration struck. Susannah Augustine would be my slave. 

To be continued...
