
The Old Model A Ford:


Dad called me over to where he was tuning up our old car that he was restoring. 

I had been wiping Mom's car down after washing it in my little white string bikini that was so old it was transparent and hung on my butt so loosely, even with the ties tight, that it gaped open all the time showing my white little cunt lips and my rear end from the sides if I bent over or stretched up to dry the top of the car. Being thirteen my budding breasts were clearly visible through the thin fabric and my nipples, which had grown longer this last year, poked out like little pink mountains. But I wore it around the yard since it was comfortable on my nerve endings and didn't turn me on too much since the material was so light. 

The old car was a Model A Victorian, the one with the hump on the back, which Dad said made it valuable, for whatever reason I didn't know. He asked me to turn the engine over so he could check for spark at the plugs so I jumped up on the old tattered mohair seat and looked for the key. When he gave the signal I cranked the motor until he saw the arc of voltage jump from the end of the little brass plug wire to the block and then he waved to me to stop.

He wiped the grease off his big hands and came around to the passenger side, which didn't have a door yet, and sat down by me. He then explained all the stuff on the dash, which wasn't much, and the old radio hanging down by his feet. I fiddled with the spark advance ears on the steering wheel while he leaned back in the seat and told me this story:

"Your mom and I were out on a date in a car just like this one that I bought for fifty dollars in high school. We were poor but the other kids actually liked my car better than some of the sleek new ones that the rich kids drove. We piled as many as we could in it to go to football games and other school events, and it was a blast with the wind blowing through under the partially opened windshield and the old motor and gear box whining like mad bees when we got up past fifty miles an hour."

"But that night we headed up into the mountains above Glendale to a spot where all the kids went to neck and drink beer and have a good time. We parked and opened the windows since it was still warm out and your mom snuggled next to me and started rubbing my leg."

While he was talking he unconsciously was rubbing his thigh like I suppose mom had. I watched and got that old familiar tingle down there when I noticed a bulge starting to rise in his Levi's. He always joked about the `rise in his Levis' so I giggled and he looked over at me. Then he realized that he was getting hard and stopped as he blushed. He is so cute sometimes I just want to eat him all up.

I slid over on the old bench seat and placed my hand on his as he placed his arm over my shoulder and hugged me to his side. He looked down at me and I knew he was looking at my firm little breasts through the gap in my top and I started getting warm in my thighs knowing it was getting to him. He is the sexiest man I know and just one look from him is about all it takes to get my juices flowing and my breasts swelling. I grinned up at him as I moved his hand over onto his bulge and he groaned and pushed up against it making it even bigger as his penis grew in his pants.

He panted as he moved his hand, with mine still on top of it, over onto my knee and he continued the story.

"We started petting and making out and it wasn't long before I had my hand up under your mom's loose skirt and she was moaning and panting in my mouth as I sucked on her tongue. She had soft smooth skin like yours is now and I was so horny I was almost cumming in my pants."

"Did she feel like this?" I panted as I slid his hand up my leg to the loose opening in my bikini. His fingers accidentally pushed the little vee covering over my cunt lips aside and I gasped when I felt them hit the side of my outer lips. He jerked his hand back as he stared at me and licked his lips. I leaned up and kissed the side of his mouth as I pulled his hand back down onto my leg. "Go on, I want to hear more," I said as I made little circles on my thigh with his warm hand. He stared for a moment at my cunt lips that were now exposed because the loose bottoms had opened wider leaving nothing to his imagination. I could hear his breath catch as he tried to avoid the feelings I knew must be surging through his groin.

"So she tugged my belt out and slowly unbuttoned my jeans as I got rock hard and was in pain from the tight pants. I didn't have any underwear on, as you already know since I never have worn any, so she pulled my stiff cock out and started stroking it up and down."

I reached over with my other hand and slid the buttons out of the eyelets as he stared down at me through hooded eyes. When he is turned on he looks so sexy it makes my navel tingle. He tried to stop me from unbuttoning his 501s but it was halfhearted and he finally gave up as I opened the sides and pulled his stiff penis out in my little hand.

"So what happened next?" I panted as I watched his cock grow bigger under my fingers. He moaned and said, "Oh, God, Jan, honey, please stop. You know what you do to me you little tease."

"Hmmm, what is that, dear old Dad? Hunh? Hunh?" I giggled as he moaned and squirmed on the mohair seat. "I wanna' hear more, please?"

"Okay. So I was so hard I ached and I grabbed her blouse and tore it open, popping all the buttons off, as your mom gasped and stared at me in shock. I had never been violent with her before and this was something she never expected from me. Then I ripped her bra off and threw it in the back seat as she sat there with her mouth hanging open and gasping  for air as she got so turned on from the violence she was shaking in her little tennis shoes."

I was starting to shake in my flip flops, too, I was so turned on by the story. "Jeesh, Dad, I didn't know you had it in you. Wow! You want to tear my top off like that so I can see how it feels?" I panted as I raised his hand up to the little triangles covering my now swollen little globes with the stiff pink nipples straining against the thin material. His eyes glazed over as he was remembering how he had been at that moment and I felt his strong fingers grab my bikini top and them I gasped as he literally tore it loose ripping the old worn strings to shreds. I felt a surge in my cunt like I had never felt before, partly from fear I suppose, but also from the animal magnetism emanating from my Dad's body. This was something new and exciting, and I loved the thrill shooting up my spine as I gasped when the cool air hit my naked nipples.

His eyes came back into focus and he stared at the remnants of my bikini in his hand and then shook as he realized what he had done. "Oh God, sweetie, I am so sorry. Did I hurt you?" I shook my head as I once again kissed the side of his mouth and ran my little pink tongue over his parted lips. "I liked it, Dad, It felt good. You are so sexy, you know?"

He shook his head and laughed. "Oh God, Jan, what am I going to do with you? You are worse than your mom ever was. She got so turned on after my outburst she literally tore my shirt off and dove on me so ferociously I thought she would tear me apart."

"You mean like this?" I said as I leaped to my knees and grabbed him around the neck and threw him down on the seat with a move that Angie, my karate expert little lover, later would applaud when I told her about it. Then I dove on him so I was lying flat on top of him as he laughed and hugged me tight, pushing his penis against my mound as I squirmed around like I was tearing him apart growling into his neck like an animal.

"Okay, I give, Jan, you win." He chuckled as I felt his hands on my rear end burning through the thin bottoms of my bikini. I wiggled my stiff nipples back and forth over his hairy chest and then reached down and pulled the ties on my bikini bottoms loose on both sides. I pulled them off and threw them on the floorboard and then hooked my fingers in my Dad's pants and shoved them down so his cock would rub on my bare skin. I slid up until it sprang up between my legs and then I clinched my thighs tight around it and started humping my little bottom up and down as I stared into his eyes to watch his reaction. His big penis rubbed my cunt lips and sent shivers up and down my back.

He panted and groaned as he pushed back each time I pressed down. "So, what happened next?" I panted as I ran my lips back and forth over his partly open mouth, "Did you rip her panties off and fuck her hard like an animal?"

`Oh, God, yes. I went totally berserk, as did she, and we ravaged each other like we had never done before. It was wild!"

"Did she grind her mouth hard against yours like this?" I murmured as I mashed my lips against his and ran my little tongue into his panting mouth. He sucked on it as he groaned and humped my little thighs faster and faster. He grabbed my bottom and squeezed it hard parting my cheeks so I felt air blow across my little puckered hole making me squirm even more.

"Yes," he finally gasped when I let him breathe again, "She did. And I shoved my cock way up in her hot little cunt and fucked her brains out for hours until she passed out."

"Like this?" I gasped as I eased my body up a little until the head of his penis just poked lightly against my cunt opening. I spread my legs and shoved down slowly feeling his cock gently spread my cunt lips open and then slide slowly up in me as I gradually got accustomed to his girth.

"Oh, God, yes, just like that," he panted, "She was as tight as you are now, and I was afraid I would split her open. But she loved it and fucked me back as hard as I did her."

I slowly moved up and down sliding my nipples over his chest as my cunt slipped up and down his big shaft sending thrill after thrill through my hot little body. Dad moaned and pulled me tighter against him as he fucked me slow and steady making me tremble and shudder with each stroke. By now we were both sweating from the noon day heat as we fucked faster and faster. I remember having a lot of little orgasms shoot through me as it went on and on until a bigger one hit and I gasped as he lifted me up in the air with his hips and shot cum up into my hot little cunt, over and over, for what seemed like forever.

"Oh, God fuck me Dadeeee!" I screamed in his ear as I fucked him hard and long having multiple orgasms as he continued to stay hard to my amazement. He held onto my straining little body as I humped him fast, gasping with each thrust and rubbing my little clit in his course pubic hair until the big one came with a vengeance. I screamed as I stiffened and trembled as my stomach muscles rippled up and down with the strong contractions until they finally eased enough for me to catch my breath again.

"So how did it end, Dad?" I asked as I nuzzled his neck and he held me tight against his naked chest.

"Well, I shot so many sperm up into her hot little cunt that one of the little devils, who was hornier than the rest, fought the others off for survival and finally made it to the right spot and a little girl started to form who later we named Jan. And it was the best thing either of us ever did in our entire lives."

I started crying then and didn't quit for a long time as he held me and rubbed my back lovingly in that old Model A, with the mohair seats, and the hump on the back that made it so valuable.



