The Story Of Jenny Part 8 - Hard Cindy and the Birthday Party

Everyone knows that with some people, birthdays result in spankings.  Jenny's boyfriend's 29th birthday was approaching, and she told him that she wanted to give a party, and asked him what he wanted.  She was surprised at the answer.  They both knew that he would likely get spanked soundly at the party.  That was understood from the start.  She had not, however, anticipated at all his request, and had to consider it.

Saturday came, and she presented him with the gift wrapped books and compact discs that she knew he'd like, along with an envelope, which she excitedly urged him to open.  He unfolded the paper within the envelope, looked at it, exclaimed, "How sweet!  Just what I asked for!" and gave her hugs and kisses.

Jenny treated him to dinner at their favorite steakhouse, and afterward they went to Cindy's place for the party.  Several of Jenny's friends were there, some of whom her boyfriend had met, and several he had not seen berfore, including Cindy.  The first thing he noticed about Cindy was her legs, which she obviously delighted in showing.  Cindy had wavy auburn hair, parted in the middle, that came down past her shoulders.  Her full lips, wide smile and round eyes reminded him of some of the supermodels that he had seen gracing the covers of Jenny's magazines.  Cindy also wore a short dark skirt which ended several inches above her knees.  And her strong-looking bare legs were perfectly smooth.

The guests mingled.  Anecdotes filled the air, laughter abounded at stories and one-liners, and the guests consumed refreshments. 

"Okay everyone," Cindy shouted to get their attention.  "Before we bring out the cake, we have some tradition to observe tonight.  In case any of you don't know," she paused while some of the women snickered, "the birthday boy gets a birthday spanking.  One swat for each year, and possibly some extra to grow on!  Jenny's boyfriend is twenty nine today, and I'm going to give him his 'official' birthday spanking.  But before that, I want everyone's help in prepping him for his real birthday spanking.  First, I want Leesa to give him an 'unofficial' birthday spanking.  Leesa is just learning how to apply the hairbrush, and she'll warm him up for the real thing.  After Leesa is finished, I'll 'horse' him while every one of you gives him three swats of the strap for good luck!  Leesa, please take your chair out to the center of the room and be seated."

Leesa was fairly tall, with long, very blonde, almost totally yellow, hair.  She wore a long dress and black platform sandals with three inch heels.  Blushing and smiling broadly, she placed her chair as Cindy suggested, and sat down, her hands in her lap.  She had a slight overbite such that when her mouth ws relaxed, it appeared that she was smiling.  "Okay Leesa, you've done this a couple of times before," Cindy mentioned.  "Get your lap level, and pull up your dress in case there are any 'accidents!'"  Leesa slowly pulled her long dress up to her hips, exposing bare legs and thighs.  She placed her knees together almost touching, and her feet were about a foot and a half apart, with her toes pointed inward.  Cindy handed Leesa a sturdy wooden hairbrush and said, "You handle it from here.  Remember that all spanking is done on the bare bottom!"

Her blue eyes twinkling, Leesa beckoned with her finger for Jenny's boyfriend to approach.  He came over to her, and had decided to test her by not doing anything without her telling him.  She placed the hairbrush in her lap, unbuckled his belt, unzipped his fly, and tugged his jeans and briefs down to mid-thigh.  As soon as she did this many of the other women hooted, hollered, and gave wolf-whistles.  In a somewhat high voice, punctuated frequently with a squeak at the end of a word, Leesa told him to get over her lap.  With a boner quickly forming, he did as directed, noticing how nice her bare thighs felt.  "You get twenty nine swats, young man," Leesa squeaked, and started administering.  It was easy to tell that she was a novice at this, sice she did not swat very hard, and also rather carelessly placed the swats.  She counted aloud after each swat, her squeaky voice giving him a raging hard-on.  After the twenty ninth swat, she stopped and looked at Cindy.

"Leesa, you can do better than that.  Do the whole thing over again, this time HARDER, with better aim, and hold on to him with your free hand," Cindy announced.

Leesa sighed, placed her free hand above his waist, and started anew, counting aloud again.  Her swats were a little harder and better placed, and it was clear that she had a way to go before she developed a commanding proficiency.  When she finished, Cindy said, "Very good, Leesa.  You still need lots of practice, which I'm sure you won't have any trouble getting.  Now let him up and we'll go round robin."

Jenny's boyfriend stood up and Leesa got up.  Cindy loosened and removed the belt she was wearing, which was a good two inches wide, doubled it up, and handed it to Leesa, who happened to be nearest Cindy at the time.  Cindy led Jenny's boyfriend to the center of the living room, turned around so that he was directly behind her, and reached back over her shoulders for his hands.  She pulled him closer so that the front of his shoulders were against the back of her shoulders, and bent over, lifting his feet off the floor.  Cindy directed, "Three swats, Leesa.  Then hand it to the next person!"

Leesa swiped the belt across his bottom three times and handed the strap to Tori.  Tori stood to one side and gave three hard swats, with a tennis-stroke follow-through.  "Aaaaah!  Ohhhhh! Oooooh!," he cried out when he felt Tori's forehand swats.  Tori handed the belt to Jocelyn, who gave three medium swats.  And on it went, with some the women giving extremely hard strokes, and others imparting strokes of medium severity.  When everyone had taken their turn, Cindy released the male, who rubbed his reddened bottom.

"Now for the real thing," Cindy said as she took her seat in the chair that Leesa had used.  With her beautiful bare legs a few inches apart, she pulled up her skirt a few inches, and looked at him with a coy expression.  "My ex-husband, and all my boyfriends I've had, have called me 'Hard Cindy'" she told him, in a voice meant for everyone to hear.  "I don't have ANY idea why!"  Several of the women burst out laughing when she said that.  "Get across my lap now.  Put your thing between my legs," referring to his boner.

"Leesa, come here, I want to tell you something," Cindy directed after the male was positioned.  She whispered a few sentences in Leesa's ear.  Nodding, Leesa immediately went to the other room.  "Jenny, I think you should hold on to his hands while I do this.  I don't want him squirming excessively," Cindy offered.  Jenny came over and held on to his ourstretched forearms as he lay across Cindy's lap.

"Get ready, now.  Here it comes," Cindy warned, and placed a severe hairbrush swat across his right bun.  "One," she counted.  "Aaaaugh!" was his reaction to a hairbrush stroke that was more powerful than many paddle strokes that he had received in the past.  Scarcely a couple of seconds later the hairbrush smacked on his left side.  "Two!"

"Owwwwwww!!" he exclaimed.

He then felt a pair of well lubricated hands palpating his balls and milking his rigid erection.  Looking to his side, he saw Leesa kneeling with her hands between Cindy's legs, intently doing Cindy's bidding.  The severe paddling from Hard Cindy continued, each stroke more powerful than he ever imagined possible with a hairbrush.  He exclaimed loudly with every stroke, at the same time intensely aroused by Leesa's expert hands.  After the twenty-ninth swat, Cindy paused while Leesa brought him to ejaculation and milked his semen into a wine glass while he moaned and wriggled.

When Leesa withdrew from the red-faced male, she placed the wine glass with its copious milky-white fluid, on the mantle.  Then Cindy announced, "And now, ten more to grow on!" and placed ten powerful swats on his bottom while he shouted and wiggled with each one.  Jenny let go of him after that, and he got up and rubbed his well-paddled bottom.

"Stay there, Cindy," Jenny said, and whispered into her boyfriend's ear.  He went to his clothes, retrieved the contents of the envelope that Jenny had given him earlier that day, and handed it to Cindy as he explained the situation.  Cindy opened up and read the sheet of paper, looked at Jenny standing with her legs pressed together, and then looked at Jenny's boyfriend.  "Okay, I'll do it," Cindy assured him.

Speaking to everyone at the party, Cindy said, "One more thing... I've got something here I want to read to all of you.  Jenny gave her boyfriend a very special birthday gift, which is written on this sheet of paper. It says, 'The bearer of this certificate is entitled to compel Jenny to undergo an over-the-lap hairbrush spanking consisting of not less than 24 strokes of the hairbrush.  To be redeemed, this certificate is to be presented to the spanker who will perform the honors.  This certificate may be redeemed at any time and I, Jenny, agree to undergo said spanking as a token of my love.'  Signed, Jenny."

Her eyes damp with emotion, Jenny spoke up.  "I want to give him this gift in front of all of you.  I suggested that he redeem it now, and... and... I want everyone to know that I willingly give it."  Jenny walked over to Hard Cindy's side, reached under her skirt, pulled her panties down to her knees, and leaned across Cindy's lap.  Cindy raised Jenny's skirt up to expose her bared bottom.  Jenny extended her arms in front of her, and her boyfriend grasped them, knowing that he had to hold on tight.  To his knowledge, Jenny had not experienced the kind of discipline that she was so skillful at meting out, and this was to be a sort of initiation.

"Twenty-four swats, Jenny," Cindy affirmed.  "I wouldn't be true to myself if I gave them any differently than what I give to the others, so they'll be just as hard."

Jenny nodded in assent.  Cindy started Jenny's spanking.  Everyone watched the hardwood hairbrush descend on Jenny's firm, rounded buns.

Jenny shouted from the first stroke.  She squirmed, wriggled, bucked, tossed her head from side to side, and loudly exclaimed after every stroke.  She held on to her boyfriend as tightly as he gripped her forearms, determined to give him this gift without regret.  Jenny had resolved to take the entire spanking without asking or begging for it to stop.  This was most difficult for her, and every time she felt the word "stop" forming in her mouth, she instead shook her head and yelled, "No! No!"  Jenny's boyfriend, as well as Cindy, recognized that when Jenny did this was telling herself not to ask for it to stop.

When Cindy released her, Jenny immediately stood up and hopped in place for a moment, clutching and rubbing her bottom furiously, with tears openly streaming down her face.  Then she pulled up her panties and threw her arms around her boyfriend, looking at him with love in her eyes.

Cindy served cake, ice cream, and pineapple punch.  The hubbub of conversation filled the air, with music playing in the background.  As the evening wore on, several guests went home.  Jenny and her boyfriend, along with Leesa, stayed and helped clean up.  As they got ready to leave, Jenny thanked Cindy for hosting the party.  

When they got home, Jenny's boyfriend noticed Jenny's hands were trembling as she fit the key in the front door.  He was surprised when, once they were in the house, Jenny quickly grabbed his hand and, almost running, dragged him to the bedroom.  She quickly shed her panties, unzipped his jeans and yanked them down to his knees, and declared, "Oh God, I'm so HOT from that spanking!  I've GOT to have you, right now!"  Falling back on the bed, Jenny lifted the front of her skirt and guided him inside her.  He started to thrust.  "Harder, dammit, harder!" she cried.  Within a minute of his brusque, pounding thrusts, she climaxed convulsively, and he then ejaculated profusely.

After their breathing calmed down she noticed that he was broadly smiling.  "What is it?" she asked.

"After everyone cleaned up at Cindy's," he explained, "I noticed as we left that the wine glass that Leesa milked me into, was still on the mantle.  It kind of blends in with the background, so it'll probably stay there a while."

Jenny giggled as she pulled his jeans all the way off and rolled over on top of him.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
