A-cup
by Ge0rge
Copyright© 2022 by Ge0rge

Back in high school I used to pal around with Jeff and Paul, a couple guys who lived in the neighborhood. We rode our bikes downtown to get a burger or ice cream, or shot baskets, or made little sailboats out of whatever materials we could find and raced them on one of the little ponds in the neighborhood. The undeveloped land around the ‘hood being a marsh.

Sometimes, my sister, Lisa, used to hang around with us. Jeff and Paul didn’t always want her around, but I always “stood up.” Saying that either she comes or I don’t come. At other times they got a little bit too much “like boys” for her and I had to negotiate everything back down to a lower intensity level. It was just really a continuation of the dynamic that we had had ever since the first day I walked with her to school and our father said that, “since she was a girl,” it was my job to take care of her and make sure that she was safe.

Now, like so many other– probably all– boys, I discovered masturbation. Something I rather enjoyed doing at night after the lights were turned out. I didn’t really at that time imagine that Lisa was masturbating too, over in her room. Mind you, it’s not something I didn’t think she should have been doing. It just wasn’t something that I considered that she might be doing.

We were very close as siblings and would sometimes sit and snuggle up as we watched television together– we both loved horror movies. Sometimes Lisa would get freaked out by the weather. Or more often by something we had watched on television– which often overlapped, have you ever noticed the prevalence of storms in horror movies? Not wanting to appear to be a baby to our parents, she would come to see me in order to get back into a calmer state of mind.

Sometimes this was after I had begun but before I head completed pleasuring myself. While it was an interruption, and a bit of an imposition, she was my sister after all. It was my duty as her brother to make sure that she was safe– which included not having nightmares during the night because we had watched some horror film, probably one I had chosen. Taking care of Lisa was more important to me than pleasuring myself.

She would cuddle up into me, sometimes put her back tight up against my front so that we were like spoons in the kitchen drawer. She normally wore a pair of panties and a long flannel sleeping shirt. When she came into my room and snuggled up to me I would be wearing a pair of pajamas, but I guess you could still feel the stiffness of my erection or semi-erection, because sometimes we ended up talking about that. Joking about how much control I had– or did not have– over that part of my body.

One summer after school had ended I took notice of Wendy at our neighborhood pool. She was our age but really developed, with a bubble butt and large breasts that didn’t really fit in her swimsuit very well. When she dived off the diving board into the water her breasts would usually escape and she’d have to pull her top back up before exiting the water.

Years earlier I had been given a pair of swimming goggles, which I never really cared for. But after noticing how Wendy was always repositioning her top. I decided to start wearing them, I also always made sure I was somewhere that I could see her bare breasts as she entered the water and they sprang free.

A few days later, I chatted Wendy up at the side of the pool. I’m not sure why she was more interested in talking to me than anyone else, but I wasn’t looking a gift horse in the mouth. Lisa, who would be playing with her friends at the pool, or Jeff and Paul, would come over and tease me every once in a while. But that didn’t really matter, almost nothing mattered. Because I had a really cute girl who was interested in me.

Cute but a little bit crazy, or maybe a whole lot of crazy, I wasn’t paying attention to negatives. We’d go to the roller skating rink, just like at the swimming pool it wasn’t really a date, it was us showing up in the same place at the same time. Wendy was a little bit possessive, and incessantly talking about herself. She didn’t really like me to be around other girls. But was required to make a reluctant exception for Lisa because she knew that if I was forced to choose ... well, I had to go home.

I probably heard it elsewhere before, but Lisa warned me. There is a lot of truth to the idea that when you are dating somebody the world sees as more dateable or mateable than you are, you end up with a power differential in the relationship. I was beginning to question a lot of my own internal beliefs. Because Wendy was constantly suggesting that I’d be happier doing something different than what I had originally decided to do.

At night Lisa and I would talk about boyfriends and girlfriends ... whether or not it was really necessary to change to be with another person, and we both basically came up with the same concept. That one shouldn’t be so arrogant as to believe they will never find a better way to do something ... but somebody who truly cares about you is going to discuss things. Talk about what they think you’d be happier doing ... rather than tell you what you’d be happier doing and then expect for you to comply. You making them happy under the guise of making yourself happy.

Because we had been raised in the same house by the same loving parents we both shared a lot of viewpoints and activities. While it’s always good to add new things to one’s repertoire, being asked to give up things you enjoy is sort of a different matter. We didn’t really want to give up what we had been doing without a good reason.

Once Wendy and I became involved sexually– which at this point in time was basically her giving me handjobs and me going down on her– she became even more possessive and more demanding. Because she knew that she could not directly tell me to stop doing things with my sister, she started coming up with specious reasons why we would just happen to be a different places at different times and our schedules just wouldn’t mesh.

Living together, Lisa and I still had lots of time to do things together. For instance, we still occasionally snuggled up with one another to watch television, usually a horror flick, and when we did she would usually come back into my room after the lights were out. We would also just snuggle up and talk about how our day had gone at school, or how weird her boyfriend and or my girlfriend was.

At some point in time Lisa stopped wearing panties underneath that sleeping shirt. She teases me about it now, but apparently I didn’t notice it the first few times. Or maybe I just didn’t comprehend the significance of it. So, she upped the ante, placing my hands on her flannel covered breasts as we were snuggled together.

So, bedding Lisa had not been my goal. But there wasn’t anyone I loved more. I wasn’t an idiot, maybe I was just slow, but now I understood. We were spooning and she asked me 42 questions about her relative physical merits versus those of Wendy. Now, Lisa is a very attractive woman, and has always kept herself in great physical shape.

Years later she’s far more attractive than Wendy, who being a bit full of herself didn’t take quite so great care of herself. Neither myself nor Lisa would ever be asked to be swimsuit models, but nobody would ask us to move outside of the picture frame either. Wendy’s always had a lot more curves, a more pronounced butt, and bigger breasts– and that’s kind of our society’s ideal of feminine beauty.

As I spooned Lisa, I repeatedly kissed her on the neck and whispered in her ear how beautiful she was. I strolled her breasts, making circles ... spirals of ever decreasing diameter, naming off all her attributes that I could think of. There were quite a few. But as humans do, she focused on the negative, on the fact that her butt wasn’t as bubbly and her breasts weren’t as large as Wendy’s

I moved my hands down and found the hem of her flannel shirt. I slowly moved it upwards and over her body. Starting from behind I kissed her beautiful A-cups from the side before turning her towards me. I had my hands in her hair, and on her breasts. I was kissing her cheeks, then her neck, before moving onto her breasts.

I made love to her breasts, kissing them, stroking them, putting my mouth on her nipples and gently pulling them inside me. Running my tongue over them, enjoying their hardness. It was an epiphany, I understood. Love was all encompassing– sex, yes, but more than that– Lisa’s breast were far superior to Wendy’s ... because they were Lisa’s.

I kept kissing her, on the lips this time, catching her bottom lip gently between my teeth.

I kept making love to Lisa’s perfect breasts, so sensitive and reacting to my fingers and tongue.

My most beloved sister made little noises as I made love to her A-cups. Slower, then faster ... softer, then slightly louder ... then a long pause...

“Did you just?” I whispered. “Yes...” she said as I continued to kiss her.

It was absolutely perfect, our first sexual interaction with one another.