     BLACKMAILED INTO BONDAGE
     by Zebulon

This is a work of fiction.  No reference to real persons is
intended.  It contains strong, non-traditional sexual imagery
and language.  If you don't like this kind of thing, don't read it.

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted,
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is
being posted. 
          
     Feedback is welcome.  zebulon@fastmail.ca

     (MF, FF, Bond)

*   *   *   *   *   Start of Part 14   *   *   *   *   *

     Two years later, Randall Locke showed up at a very
fashionable dinner party being given partly in his honor.  His
computer work for the Mart had been tremendously successful
and just as lucrative.  He was now the number two man in
their computer operations and regularly received commissions
for special projects.

     He was living in modest splendor in a ranch-type estate
near a beautiful lake in Alberta, Canada with Laura and a
couple of new girls.  The winters were long and cold, but
never lonely.

     He also did special computer projects for himself from time
to time.  After leaving Briar Oaks, he never again became
personally involved in picking up or training recruits.  It wasn't
necessary and he found the computer work much more
rewarding.  But he did select and arrange for the pick up and
training of the two new girls in his stable, plus a third who
hadn't worked out and was eventually sold for a handsome
profit.  His computer skills gave him an inside track on some
of the best properties available and provided him with virtually
limitless capital.  All of which had eventually suggested an
interesting possibility.

     Kim Ann had been sold at auction and Penny had, of course, 
been traded for Victoria.  Kim Ann wasn't a favorite and had 
brought a fine price.  Penny, on the other hand. . . .

     Randall spent the better part of a year tracking major
European financial and slave trading activities.  He delved
especially deeply into the background of a certain influential
European Mistress.  He found an opportunity, through various
devious channels, to acquire title to a somewhat obscure but
magnificent Italian villa.  He also helped a consortium of
owners pull off a semi-legitimate real estate trade which put
them in complete control of a lovely and exclusive alpine ski
resort.  They closed it down and turned it n th a private
bondage paradise for members of the Mart.  For his
considerable help Randall had received, among many other
things, an invitation to the opening.  The party was being
thrown by the principal owners and their training masters.  A
number of very important personages were in attendance.

     Randall brought Laura as a travel companion.  She was
dressed to the nines and having the time of her life.  Randall
was dressed in a tux and black tennis shoes.  They were in a
huge ballroom overlooking the slopes.  It was spring and the
view was inspiring, especially the sunset.  As they stood
admiring, a stunning redhead submissive walked up offering a
tray of hors d'oeuvres.  Laura reached over for one and then
gave a little shriek of recognition and delight.  It was Penny. 
Randall turned and smiled at her.  Penny looked for a moment
like she would drop the tray.  She was dressed in a very
revealing black mini-nothing with fishnet stockings and 3-inch
heels.  She was fitted with a studded neck collar and a black
ball gag.  She looked healthy and content if not exactly happy. 
She held out the tray a second time.  Laura took a little
something.  Randall didn't.  As she turned to leave, he said,
"Just a moment."

     She turned back.  Her expression deadpan.

     "I'm in the interesting position of having something very
special to trade that your Mistress would dearly love to
possess.  I might consider selling it to her for a very large sum
of money."  Penny listened blankly.  "However, I might also
consider swapping it for you."  Penny's eyes suddenly went
wide.  "But before I make such an offer I'd like to know if you
want me to buy you."  Slaves almost never had anything to say
in this respect, but Randall was giving her a choice.  "I didn't
really want to sell you originally, but your Mistress had
something which I wasn't able to obtain any other way.  Now
I'm in a position to get you back but I won't unless you want
to come."

     He studied her features and saw the agitated indecision.

     "If you say yes, your Mistress might be annoyed at your
lack of loyalty."  Penny's nostrils flared and a moment later her
eyes started to water.  "Of course, if you say no, your Mistress
might be equally annoyed that you killed the deal, knowing
how much she wanted it."  Her eyes dried, and a look of
confused shock came into them.  It had been two years since
she had been asked to make a serious decision.  "If you say
no, I'll put the property up for auction and it is extremely
likely your mistress will be outbid.  But don't worry, I won't
tell her about this conversation, so you won't get in trouble
either way."  He fixed her with an intent stare.  "But I won't
offer her the swap unless you want to come back to me."

     He waited.  Penny was thinking furiously.  It was as if God
were inviting her back from the wilderness.  She had to make
a quick decision because someone was bound to notice her
neglecting her serving duties if she didn't get back to them. 
Penny glanced over and saw Laura smiling at her and looking
hopeful.  Penny look back into Randall's face.  She nodded
once, then quickly departed with her tray.

     Not long after that, Penny saw Master Randall and Laura
speaking with her Mistress.  They were all smiling.  Penny
positioned herself for a better look while being careful to
remain unobtrusive and to continue serving.  Master Randall
was speaking in his quiet way and her Mistress looked
delighted.  Penny moved a little closer.  A few moments later,
Mistress Viola threw her glass down at Master Randall's feet
and shouted something.  She looked furious.  Penny quickly
turned and moved farther away.  When she turned back, her
Mistress had calmed considerably and Master Randall was
quietly talking again.  Penny left for the kitchen to refill her
tray.  When she returned, Laura seemed quite pleased and her
Mistress was searching the room for something.  Master
Randall looked as impassive as ever.

     When her Mistress spotted her, she waved at her to come
over.  Penny came quickly.  For a long, long moment, Mistress
Viola said nothing and just looked torn and uncertain.  Then
she reached some internal decision and said, "Girl, you have
served me well.  And I wish this were otherwise.  But your
first Master wishes to buy you back and he is offering
something which I have wanted badly for a very long time." 
She seemed to be talking more to herself than to Penny as she
continued, "How he managed to acquire it is beyond me.  I
failed for years."  Then she looked back at Penny.  "But he is 
willing to trade an estate worth billions of lire just for you."
There was a long pause.  "You belong to him again as of right
now.  Serve him as you have served me."  Her look softened
for a moment.  "And after you are gone, know this . . . you
were my favorite."  She looked over at Randall.  "And at the
price this young man is paying, I'd say you are a favorite of his
as well."  With that, Mistress Viola turned and left the party
without waiting for a reply and without looking back.

     Penny didn't know what she was supposed to do.

     Randall read her uncertainty and said, "Keep serving.  I
wouldn't want to spoil the arrangements.  I'll collect you when
the evening is done."  Penny started to turn away.  She felt a
hard slap on her rear and almost dropped her tray.  She was
instantly wet and looked back at her Master who was smiling
at her.  Laura was so delighted she almost couldn't contain
herself.

     Her Master said, "And know this, wench, . . . you are a
favorite of mine."

     Penny spent the rest of the evening in a state of bliss. 
Every time she looked at Master Randall, she got wet all over
again.  Laura had been right all along.  Everything was going
to be perfect.

     Victoria was right, too--there was just something special
about the way you felt about your first Master.

*   *   *   *   *   End of Part 14   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   End of Story   *   *   *   *   *

     BLACKMAILED INTO BONDAGE
     by Zebulon

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted,
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is
being posted.
 
                      *   *   *   *   *
