Lexington, Virginia had some of the best sandwiches Dean Winchester had ever eaten in his life. Two separate restaurants had crossed the culinary threshold to become “frigging awesome” in Dean’s book. He was extremely ready to tuck into a roast beef and some fancy dressing situation in a third, when his phone rang loudly in the late afternoon quiet of the small town café.

Dad looked up from where he was scribbling in his journal and frowned. “Who the hell could possibly be calling you?”

Dean looked at the caller ID. He didn’t recognize the number, but he had given very few people his digits, so he had a short list to guess from. Dean was sure that Pastor Jim had informed John Winchester of the existence of his friends, so that meant Dad had just plain forgotten about it, or assumed that Dean wouldn’t hold on to them long. 

He took a deep breath, said stiffly, “Excuse me for a moment,” and stood up, turning away to answer the phone. “Yeah?”

“Dean.” It was Neal. But he sounded strange. It took Dean a moment to realize what it was, but as he did, a sense of foreboding settled over him. Neal wasn’t smiling. The last time they had spoken over the phone, Dean could hear the con man’s infectious grin in his voice. 

“What’s wrong?” The words tumbled from his mouth, louder than he liked, before he could stop them. He walked further away from Dad.

“I need to learn how to shoot. How soon can you get to Philly?” He was walking outside, in a city. Dean could hear the traffic and the wind blowing hard into the cell phone.

Neal, these words were coming from Neal “why do you carry a knife and gun” Caffrey. Neal Caffrey wanted to learn to shoot. Something was seriously wrong.

Dean felt something hard sink into the pit of his stomach, something that reached a thin, scratchy hand all the way up to his throat. He choked on it when he spoke, “Six hours. But, I know a range in Chester County. I would teach you in the goddamn woods, but there’s too much population out there. It has to be a range.” 

“Fine,” Neal said briskly. “I’ll meet you there.” 

“No, it’ll be hard to find. And it’s going to be dark by then. We can’t shoot after dark.” He took a moment to formulate a plan and said, “There’s a gas station right off the Downingtown turnpike exit. Meet me there in like five and a half hours.” Dean glanced back at his dad, wondering what the hell he was going to say.

“All right.” 

“Neal,” Dean said before the con man could hang up, “How long do you have to work on this?” 

He finally heard Neal exhale with a smile. He imagined it broad, dazzling, and entirely fake. “A few days. See you later.”

Dean flipped his phone closed with a heavy sigh and turned back to Dad. John Winchester was looking at him, eyebrows raised.

“Who was that?”

“A friend,” Dean answered, making no move to sit back down. “Listen, Dad, do you think you can do this job solo? My friend is kind of having a…problem. He needs my help. I have to go take care of this.”

“He?” John asked, in a strained tone of voice. “Jim said your friend was a girl.”

Dean worked his jaw and fought the urge to tell Dad to just ask him if he had questions about his own freaking life. Instead, he replied calmly, “I have more than one friend, Dad. This friend is a he and he asked me to help him with something. Can you do the job solo?”

John closed the journal with a decisive snap and replied, as if Dean was crazy for even asking, “Of course, Dean. I did this job solo for fifteen years. I think I can take care of the ghost of a war horse by myself.”

The alleged ghost of a freaking war horse, Dean thought, but again said something else entirely. “Fine, then. I’m heading north. I’ll be back in a few days.”

“I’ll probably be gone by then.” John picked up a chip from Dean’s untouched plate and popped it into his mouth, chewing deliberately.

Dean grabbed his coat from the back of his chair and patted his jeans for his keys. “Fine,” he repeated. “I’ll call you. When I’ve taken care of this.”

Dean could barely stop fidgeting under Dad’s piercing gaze and he couldn’t leave until the man had said whatever his version of goodbye would be that day. “Taken care of what exactly?” He asked in a low voice. 

Dean didn’t want to answer, mostly because he wasn’t exactly sure, but also because he wanted Neal’s business to stay private. Who knew what kind of information about the con man could aid in his eventual arrest. Dean didn’t want to be a source of any trouble for Neal and Kate. All he wanted to do was help.

“It’s not any of your business, Dad,” he replied quietly.

John’s face grew stormy. ”Not my business?” he repeated incredulously. “Are these the felons you spent the night with outside Chicago last year? I think it had better be my goddamn business what you’re getting yourself into. Are you out of your mind, son?”

Dean felt those words like they were a blow. “First of all,” he answered slowly, trying to stop them both from making a scene. “You can’t be a felon unless you’re caught and convicted. My friends are neither. Second, the girl isn’t even involved. And third, neither of them would ever ask me to do anything illegal.” 

Dean knew there was a possibility that someday he might offer. And they wouldn’t be able to say no, for whatever reason. But Dad didn’t need to know that. 

“Also,” Dean added, looking around the café and lowering his voice. “It’s not like you and I have always followed the letter of the law, Dad. It’s not like I don’t know how to run from the cops. I know how to keep my nose mostly clean, and how to get out of a bad situation if I have to. No one can prove I ever did anything for those two except pass along a message, because I didn’t and that’s the honest to God truth. If you had asked me about it instead of going to Jim for your information, I would have told you that.”

If Dad was at all perturbed about Dean’s uncharacteristic outburst, he didn’t show it at all in either his face or the way in which he said, “Fine then. I’ll see you in a few days.”

“Fine,” Dean repeated and walked out the door, wishing he had the balls to pick up the sandwich and take it with him. He was really freaking hungry.

Five hours later, Dean pulled the Impala into the Downingtown BP. It was a rinky-dink little place, smack in the middle of four ramps on and off of the PA turnpike. He looked around for other cars and saw only one, a ten year old silver Lexus sedan. Neal was leaning against the passenger side doors, watching him. 

Dean pulled up and parked alongside the vehicle. He rolled down his window, smiled winningly, and said, “Hey, Stranger.”

Neal’s returning smile was tentative at first, making Dean more certain that something was wrong. “Hey, yourself,” he replied and pushed off from his car, closing the space between them in two short steps. Neal leaned into the window of the Impala and grinned at Dean wickedly. “You here to pick me up, baby?”

Dean raised his eyebrows in response. “I know a cheap motel around here,” he said with a smirk. “Do you want a ride, or would you rather follow me there?”

There was only the hint of a strain in Neal’s voice as he replied, as if he were trying to speak lines he hadn’t thought of himself, “Well, since the Lexus is stolen, I should probably ditch it. So, I guess I’ll need a ride.” His wicked grin had fallen to a shadow of itself.

Dean knew Neal smiled without meaning it all the time, he’d seen him do it before, he knew it was the bread and butter of a great con artist. Somehow, tonight, he couldn’t pull it off, he couldn’t maintain. But Dean didn’t let on that he could tell how much Neal was off his game. He only said, “So, grab your shit and get in.”

Neal took a small, black duffel bag from the passenger seat of the Lexus and dropped it to the ground. He pulled a handkerchief from his breast pocket and quickly wiped down the steering wheel and every other surface on the dash and door handles. His movements were efficient, professional, and he was scowling. 

Dean bent his arm back in a long-practiced movement to unlock the rear door. “Throw your bag in the back,” he called to Neal. “You’re not ready to see what I’ve got in the trunk.”

Neal’s scowl was replaced by a questioning half-smile, but he did as he was told. As he pulled open the door and climbed inside the Impala he said, “It had better not be a dead body. I don’t need that kind of heat.”

Dean peeled out of the gas station with a low chuckle, deciding it would be funnier if he didn’t answer.

Neal stayed in the car while Dean rented the room. He tossed Neal the second key through the Impala’s open window and went in first. He knew Neal would follow on his own time. Maybe they were being silly, overly careful or whatever, but he did it without consulting the con-man. Dean had caught the wariness in Neal’s expression, and he figured it would be best to just let him handle the situation how he wanted.

Dean was throwing his meager possessions into one of the dresser drawers when Neal finally entered. He didn’t look upset now, not in the face. But there was something behind those blue eyes that Dean couldn’t pin down. He wished they were able to see more of each other. He wished that he could read the subtext, that he could just know what was going through Neal’s head.

And he desperately wanted to know what the next couple days would bring. He wasn’t sure if he was ready for it.

Neal tossed his duffel to the floor and strode across the room to reach him. Dean could barely react, before Neal’s hand was fisted in the leather of his jacket and his name was just a hard breath on Neal’s lips.

“Dean,” he said again, and pulled their bodies together roughly.

“Neal.” Dean tried to back up, suddenly feeling nervous and unsure. “I don’t think I can—“

But Neal cut him off, “Please,” he whispered desperately. And he pulled Dean flush against him, gripping the leather harder and wrapping his free arm around Dean’s shoulders. He settled his face into the crook of Dean’s neck and just shook. Only very slightly and quietly, but Dean could feel it in his arms and his chest and his labored breath against Dean’s skin.

Startled, Dean wrapped his arms around Neal reflexively. “Hey, hey,” he murmured, bringing a hand lightly across Neal’s back and into his hair.

In response, he only gulped a breath in what Dean desperately hoped was not a choked back sob.

“Neal, what’s wrong,” he asked softly into the hair at his friend’s temple. “Where’s Kate?”

Dean felt Neal stiffen as he pulled away from his embrace, eyes looking far too bright. “Kate’s in the hospital.”

“What?” It was the last thing he had expected to hear.

“There was,” Neal hesitated, looking for once like he had no idea what to do with his body. His hands raised for a flash just to his hairline, then his ear, and then fell, slipping into his pockets only to come right back out a moment later. “There was a mishap.”

At Dean’s continued look of confusion and worry, Neal looked uncomfortable. “A job went south. Kate was the one who took the brunt of it. It wasn’t my choice. She had to take the lead on this one and so she ended up catching all the fallout.”

“So you wanna learn to shoot…to get revenge? “ Dean asked, incredulous. “That doesn’t sound like you at all.”

“No,” Neal said immediately. “No, I…It’s just that I could have prevented it. I was right there… in the…” He paused for a moment and laughed hollowly. “In the shadows. If I’d shown my face we would have both been dead. But…if I’d had a gun…I wouldn’t have shot them. I wouldn’t have. I just could have scared them, distracted them. So she could get away. And we would have blown town. And that would be that.”

“How bad is it?”

“She’ll be all right in a few days. They…beat her up pretty badly. I called 911 and ran when I heard them coming. Those…fucking bastards…ran too, but I couldn’t risk following them. Peter was going to get to us by tracking them down. It was sheer luck that he didn’t end up in that alley at the same time as the paramedics. I called a…friend…to make sure she was okay and that the plan was set. Then I called you.” 

The look in Neal’s eyes was pleading, as if he thought that if he told Dean every detail of what had happened and what he had done, that his actions would be somehow…validated. That they would be right. Dean wasn’t complaining, it just seemed weird to be on the opposite side of this type of conversation. He’d had them with Dad countless times over the years, when something dangerous or stupid happened to Sam. 

Dean realized that Neal probably had almost no time to process all this since it had happened. It couldn’t have been more than eight hours ago and Neal had been running on nothing but adrenaline and anxiety ever since. “Okay,” Dean replied evenly and then asked, “What’s the plan?” 

As he replied, Neal’s voice settled into a tired monotone, like it was a full on confession rather than an explanation, “We always set plans for this kind of situation before we start a job. She’ll get well enough in the hospital, under a fresh alias or Jane Doe if she can get away with it, then she’ll skip out on the bill and meet me at JFK in four days. Flying is way more difficult under an assumed name than it used to be, but I have a friend who can get us the IDs and tickets in time. We’ll be in Europe this time next week, but even I don’t know exactly where.”

Dean could not help looking away at the news. He moved past Neal and sat down in the multi-colored plastic chair at the requisite table in the corner, and told himself he had no right to be upset. “For how long?”

“With this much heat on the right and wrong side of the law…three, four months. At the least.”

Dean frowned. “If you’ll be in Europe, why the rush on shooting lessons?”

Neal returned Dean’s expression with a grim seriousness that did not suit his features. “We will be working in Europe, Dean. This impromptu trip will put us back a little bit in funds, and we have big plans for next year. So, no matter what my feelings on guns are, if I live this life I have to know how to use one. It was…bravado, or naiveté or…sheer idiocy—

“All right, all right,” Dean interrupted, getting the idea. “So you need to learn. That’s fine. I get it.”

Neal’s legs seemed to give from beneath him and he sat down heavily on the bed facing Dean. His shoulders slumped and his head fell into his hands.

“I just wish,” he cried, “that it hadn’t taken something like this for me to realize. I wish it had been me--“

Dean cut him off again. “Neal, stop it.”

“It’s true. Kate should have never been put in that position. I taught her everything she knows about this life. I should have prepared her better. I should have been better prepared.”

Dean cast a hard look at Neal and said plainly, “Well, you weren’t. But you’re doing something about it now, so quit whining. Kate can take care of herself. She’s tougher than you think. She’ll pull out of this fine and you’ll both be more careful in the future. There’s no sense in crying about it now.”

He picked up his keys from where he had tossed them earlier and stood, “Come on,” he ordered.

“Where are we going?” Neal didn’t move. He just looked at Dean, eyes wide like a lost puppy. It made Dean’s lip curl.

“Out. We’re not going to do ourselves any good moping around here. It’s too early to sleep and I wouldn’t put a gun in your hands right now even to clean it.”

Neal blinked slowly at him, apparently letting the words sink in. “Yeah,” he murmured a moment later. “Yeah, okay.” He ran a hand through his stress-mussed hair and settled his shoulders, as if making himself ready to get up and out of this particular mood. Dean was all for it, but he had a strange sinking feeling about what kind of façade the con-man would use to bottle up his worry and guilt.

Neal stood up, straightened his tie, and tried to smile. Tried, and failed miserably. “Let’s go, then,” he said, finally able to pull his lips into the right shape. It would have fooled a lot of people, but it didn’t fool Dean. There was no emotion behind those intense blue eyes. When Neal did that, that counterfeit smile, his eyes looked dead.

Dean’s fingers curled in a fist around his car keys. He could not take another second of this act. “That’s it. That is fucking it. Do not smile at me unless you fucking want to, Neal. It’s sad as hell when you do that.”

Neal’s smile fell as his eyebrows rose in surprise. He lifted his chin as if he were giving Dean some kind of evaluation, appraising him like a rare artifact.

When Neal didn’t actually respond to what Dean had said, he repeated, “Come on,” and turned towards the door. Neal followed him wordlessly.

They drove to a local dive, complete with peeling green leather bar stools and wood paneling over all the walls. There was a juke box tucked into the corner by the bathroom doors, but it wasn’t playing any tunes. The murmuring of low voices and the clinking of beer bottles and cocktail glasses filled the room.

If Dean knew his own tolerance and could trust his hunch about Neal’s, he would be fine to drive back and his friend would be drunk enough to forget his troubles until the morning.

Neal shot Dean a strange look before he picked up the over-sized shot glass, stared at it intensely for about five seconds and downed it in one gulp. He barely even made a face.

Dean downed his just as fast and chased it with a large sip of beer. Neal watched him for a moment then turned to the bartender, a scruffy man with a noticeable beer-belly. “Another double-shot of the same,” Neal ordered.

“One for him too?” The bartender replied, indicating Dean.

“Naw, I gotta drive later,” Dean answered for himself.

The shot was promptly brought over and Neal paid the man with singles. He took the drink in the same intensely game manner and sauntered over to the juke box, one extra dollar in his hand. He swiftly punched through the albums, obviously looking for something specific.

Tom Petty’s “Wreck Me” began to play over the bar’s fuzzy sound system as Neal walked away from the machine. Dean sipped his beer and watched him, hands in his pockets all casual-like, eyes carefully bored as they scanned the room. 

As he looked, Dean wondered how this man even existed. How did he walk around, breathe, speak, eat, drink, and look like that? Shouldn’t he be cast in marble or immortalized in song? Dean rarely stopped long to notice the physical beauty of the world around him, but he couldn’t help being somehow captivated by Neal Caffrey. 

Neal met Dean’s eyes and he smiled, for real, as he sat down next to him at the bar. Not as if nothing was wrong, but like he was trying not to think about it. He said, “You’re going to have to stop eye-fucking me from across the room, or everyone in this bar is gonna think we’re gay for each other.”

Dean automatically smirked and replied, “Then I’ll have to think of some other way to keep that smile on your face.” 

It wasn’t an admission of anything, but it wasn’t a denial either. Dean was feeling unusually ambivalent and somehow uncomfortable about that as he lifted his glass and took a long drink.

Neal must have been aware of his uncertainty because the con-man’s smile stretched lazily and his lips started mouthing the words Tom Petty was singing. Neal’s voice came in low under the blaring speakers, but Dean was close enough that he could hear him croon, “Rescue me, should I go wrong. If I dig too deep, if I stay too long.”

And the two of them broke loudly into the chorus of “Ohs” and “yeahs” and excellent guitar solos. What was a juke box for, if not obnoxiously singing each and every song you play on it until the rest of the bar hates your guts?

When the song was over, Neal grabbed his beer and took a drink. “I’m so glad I called,” he said. “I wasn’t even thinking that…I mean… it was the best thing I could have done.”

Dean felt his mouth twist in a crooked grin. “Thanks,” he mumbled. For some reason, he was never quite sure how to take a compliment.

But Neal smiled and touched his arm, "I'm glad I got to see you before we had to leave."

"Yeah," Dean replied, subdued. "Me too."

He couldn't put a finger on his disappointment at the news. He knew Kate and Neal were International art thieves. They were always telling him about their travels and would have obviously returned to Europe at some point. But six months seemed like a really long time.

Dean nearly jumped as Neal's hand, which he hadn't noticed was still on his arm, gave a quick squeeze. "The mail still gets to Europe," Neal said. "Send it to the P.O. Box. Just like before. It'll just take longer to reach us."

Dean met Neal's eyes and was reminded of the connection he’d felt to this man the first time they’d met. That thread of a common past, a shared understanding. Somehow he got the impression that Neal hated the leaving as much as Dean hated being left behind.

"Right," he replied, "same as before. Now, let's play some pool."

Neal turned towards the table and grimaced. "I'm not really very good."

Dean grabbed his shoulder and spun him back around on the squeaky bar stool. "There is absolutely no way you are not excellent at this game. Are you trying to hustle me? Me?!"

The look in Neal’s eyes was lazy and confident, and dangerous as hell. "Wanna find out?"

Sober, Neal was a master at pool. Each move he made was considered and decided on as swiftly as the strike of the cue against the cue ball. Neal wiped the floor with Dean as one after another the balls fell into each pocket before he could even take a turn of his own.

“So I guess you’re not going to even attempt to hustle me?” Dean asked sullenly.

Neal smiled, loosening his tie with a slow hand. The first game was over and Neal had just finished his beer. “I figured I wouldn’t since you already called me out on it. Would you rather I play down to you?”

Dean rolled his eyes and grumbled, “Come on man, you’re just showing off. At least let me get a turn in.”

“Fine,” Neal replied with a generous grin, and Dean wondered if the alcohol was getting to him yet. They racked up the next game and began to play for real.

Dean was a much more thoughtful player than Neal. Not that Neal didn’t think about what he was doing, but his decisions were quick, practiced, based somewhere between preternatural skill and muscle memory. Dean preferred to make sure that out of every option, the one he was about to make was the best, would be the one he could pull off the easiest and would get him in the best position. 

Pool was probably the only thing he ever did that he was so methodical about. He thought maybe it was because for so many years he wanted so badly to win against Dad.

Because Dean took the game so slowly, Neal started to get distracted. He won the second game handily and did an adorable little victory dance over to the bar for two more beers. But the third game seemed more of a challenge to him. He worked more slowly, squinting at the table, hesitating before taking a stroke. He scraped by with a win and talked some trash that made so little sense it wasn’t even worth repeating. 

Over the course of the evening Neal also loosened his tie significantly more, about a quarter of an inch every hour, until he finally shed his slick suit jacket and slipped the first two buttons of collar of his increasingly rumpled shirt. He’d run a hand through his hair every time a few strands fell into his wide, smiling eyes. His exhaustion and the alcohol had settled over him, relaxing his usual crisp, focused appearance into a disheveled, ragged ball of charisma and slow grins.

And by the fourth and last game he only took his eyes off Dean long enough to make a few feeble attempts at playing pool. 

Dean fist-pumped when he sunk the 8-ball, but he could tell Neal barely even noticed what had happened. The con man’s eyes were trained somewhere between Dean’s mouth and his collarbone. 

Dean had a feeling that if they'd been in NYC instead of rural PA the man would have been all hands hours ago. And he couldn't decide how he felt about it. He thanked the universe or whatever for small favors, hating the idea of having to cause a ridiculous scene in the middle of the sleepy bar on a week night.

He remembered that morning, outside Chicago, when he felt what could have been a real attraction between him and this guy. And then there was the freaking kiss. He didn't know what he'd been thinking; only that he'd needed Dad out of there as fast as possible. What better way to get that accomplished?

Neal seemed to have realized that the game was over and he had somehow lost. Dean took the cue from his friend's hands and said, "You ready to head out?"

Neal smiled and swayed a little, but managed to answer, without stumbling over the words, "Whenever you are."

Dean smiled ruefully at him. "You put on a pretty good act, but let's see you walk out of here in a straight line. Without my help.”

“You wanna bet I can’t do it? B’cause, I totally can.” Neal’s hand was resting on the table. If it hadn’t been, Dean would never have bet anything close to a hundred.

Neal exited the establishment just as he had entered it, except this time he was whistling and Dean followed with a curse on his breath and the usual glance over his shoulder.

In the car, Neal leaned his head heavily against the window and murmured, “I’m not going to take your money, Dean.”

“You just want me to know how good you really are?”

The con-man smiled lazily. “Something like that.” 

Neal was quiet for about a minute after that, and Dean thought maybe he’d conked out. But out of the blue he spoke, softly, almost reverently, “I love your car by the way.”

Dean glanced at his friend, whose eyes were closed in a drunken half-sleep. “Yeah, me too.”

“We drove one once when I was little. From Tulsa to…Dallas maybe. The seats smelled like cigars,” Neal spoke as if dreaming. He might not even have realized he was talking out loud.

Dean did not dare reply, wanting to see if Neal would reveal anything else about his past.

As he continued, the hint of a Texas drawl crept into his words. “We ditched it at a Walmart. And I didn’t tell Billy, but I was so sad to see it go. It wasn’t in as great shape as this one. But we almost never drove cars so nice.”

Dean felt a strange sort of emotion filling his chest and throat, almost choking him. When Neal didn’t speak again, Dean glanced over at him.

His eyes were open and gazing unfocused out the window, his feet were up on the seat and his elbows were resting, clasped by his hands, on his up-raised knees. It wasn’t a defensive position. Dean got the impression that he would always sit like that if social niceties and his chosen profession would allow it. Neal was just relaxed, probably for the first time in days, maybe weeks.

“What kind of cars did you drive?” Dean asked softly.

Neal turned his head to face Dean. His movements were languid and his expression was tired, yet his eyes were now clear. “Some other time, Dean,” he said heavily.

“Yeah,” Dean replied immediately. “Of course.”

They didn’t speak again, and when Dean parked the Impala outside their room, he looked over to find Neal had fallen asleep for real this time, his cheek leaning against the door, his forehead pressed to the window glass. His shoulders were slumped, his arms crossed in his lap, hands lying open and loose. 

Dean didn’t want to disturb him, but he thought maybe too long like that and Neal would have one hell of a headache in the morning and probably a neck cramp. He tugged on Neal’s shirt, then gently shook his shoulder. 

“Nggh,” he groaned, and then looked over at Dean, favoring him with the same salacious smile he’d been serving up all night long. “Oh, fell ‘sleep, huh?”

“Yeah, it looks like.” Dean smirked and pulled the keys out of the ignition. “You gonna need help getting inside, big boy?”

Neal laughed, shaking his head no, and pressed his hands to his face, like he could rearrange his features and erase all traces of the exhaustion he was obviously feeling. “God,” he said, muffled, “I haven’t been this drunk in a while. Maybe not since Kate turned 18.”

Dean rolled his eyes. “You fucking cradle robber. I mean, I get it. I do, but Jesus.”

Neal glanced at Dean as he straightened himself. “You’re not surprised she told me about that?”

“I’d be surprised if she didn’t, dude. Not with the way you guys planned all that from the beginning. Which, by the way, was very nice of you.” He smiled, feeling warm just thinking about Kate wrapped up in the sheets from his bed, soaking in the afternoon glow.

Neal didn’t reply, but a strange expression came over his face, and Dean kept a careful eye on him as they walked together into the hotel room.

As soon as Dean shut the door behind them, Neal spun and made a clumsy but strong grab for him, pressing him roughly against the wall. The unexpected force surprised a heavy curse from Dean’s lips, but somehow he couldn’t say anything else. Neal’s proximity left Dean speechless, uncertain of what he wanted to demand the conman do next: get the fuck off him or kiss him until he was as short of breath as he was of words. 

Dean shook his head, not knowing. So again he kept his mouth shut.

Neal’s forearms braced Dean’s shoulders flat against the wallpaper as he leaned in close. But Neal didn’t kiss him as Dean was expecting. Instead, he drew a deep breath across Dean’s neck, in one slow movement up to his ear, where he whispered Dean’s name with a smile, as if he couldn’t quite believe he was there. And then he said, “I wanted…I’ve been waiting so long. Ever since Kate came home with you all over her.”

He breathed in deep again and huffed softly, a small, pleased laugh. “Oh God, Dean, you smell so good.”

Dean was pretty sure he smelled like a combination of his general gunpowdery aroma and lingering cigarette smoke from the bar. Which he thought wouldn’t really be that appealing, but it didn’t seem worth it to argue.

Dean was beginning to feel overwhelmed by Neal’s enthusiasm, by his words and by his own body’s reactions. Neal had been waiting that long? He’d been wanting Dean…like this…for months now? 

Dean had never kept up with anybody who wasn’t family for as long as he had with Neal and Kate. And sure he wished Kate could come and warm his bed up from time to time, but he couldn’t quite believe what Neal was saying. After everything, Dean was sure Neal wouldn’t lie, yet he still found he didn’t know if he wanted to shrink away from this intensity or wrap himself in it.

He felt Neal rock his body, ever so slightly, an attempt to get even closer. And he knew he had to stop before things got out of hand, before he couldn’t think straight. If he wasn’t sure, then the answer had to be no. 

Dean lifted his hand to Neal’s cheek, his fingers stretching to the strong line of his jaw, and drew those blue eyes up to meet his own. Neal’s pupils were blown wide and his mouth parted in a slight pant. Dean felt a powerful desire to kiss that goddamn mouth, annoyed that it didn’t have to work at all to be drop-dead sexy. 

Instead, he made himself speak slowly and calmly, like he was sure as hell of the words that were coming out of his mouth, “Neal, I really don’t think I can do this. Not tonight.”

Dean wasn’t sure if he should be pleased that Neal didn’t even bother to try and hide the hugely crestfallen expression that broke over his features, or if he should kick himself for causing it in the first place. He reflexively tried to pull Neal close again, but the man stubbornly braced his hands against the wall and locked his elbows.

“No,” Neal said, resignedly, his tone a step away from the harshness of a thwarted hard on. 

Dean closed his eyes regretfully, hating that he could hear Neal’s disappointment in his voice. But he felt warm, strong fingers slide across his skin to cradle the back of his neck and he opened them again to meet Neal’s clear stare.

“No, Dean, you’re right. This isn’t the way. Not tonight.” His voice was now calm, and his body held a stillness it hadn’t a moment before, as if he were willing his libido into submission. But his eyes, they bore into Dean’s and they were fucking electric, like all that energy was swirling around in his head and it was flashing and thundering and lighting up the blue.

“I’m so sorry,” Dean bit out. “I wish…” he started to say, but then Neal smiled. It was a bright, dazzling flash of teeth and good feelings and Dean stopped talking.

“Don’t be sorry.” Neal pulled them both, somewhat unsteadily, away from the wall and towards the bed. “Let’s just get some sleep.”

They didn’t even bother to take off their clothes before they collapsed side by side on the mattress. Dean met Neal’s eyes again and was reminded again of the first night, the last time they had slept in the same place. He took Neal’s hand, feeling that connection as strong as before.

“I know it might take a while,” Neal said, then yawned involuntarily. He blinked sheepishly at Dean. “Maybe you shouldn’t get me so drunk next time.”

“Get you drunk?” Dean replied incredulously. “You were the one who ordered that extra shot. It’s not my fault.”

Neal smiled and closed his eyes. “Well, quit being so sexy then.”

“Yeah, I’ll get right on that,” he mumbled, still smiling as he fell asleep.