Our First Threesome 
Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>

This is an account told by one of my friends who needs me often to join them for a threesome. This all started when we both were drunk and talking about sex. He told me that he loves to watch others have sex and went on describing few incidents. He also praised his wife more than required and that gave me an idea. I boldly asked him if he would mind me fucking his wife? He was stunned for a few moments but told me that he wont mind me fucking her. He even told me that he would arrange this in his house over some wine and non-veg dinner. Yes it was decided and done too. Let me give you the account in his own words as it started on day 1. He is close friend now and wants to interact with other similar couples. So anybody interested? Single males please excuse as they don't fit in now. Ladies and couples are welcome to contact me at my mail ID <jeevan80@yahoo.com>
I am Karthik and my wife is Kamala. We are 35 and 30 with two kids. Jeevan asked me if he can fuck my wife that day and broke the ice. I called him for dinner in my house one Saturday and it all started from that day. So let me describe it for you all.
After few pegs of whisky we were high  and started to talk about sex. Kamala was busy in the kitchen and preparing the dinner. I asked Jeevan how big his lund was and he said it was about 8-9 inches long and really big. I wanted to confirm it before I give my wife to him, just a curiosity. I asked him to show it to me and he unzipped his pants and fished out his bonber. Ohhh yes! It was big alright and must be 8 inches long, a straight lund. He was circumcised and his lund head looked nice and attractive. His balls were not loose but were tight in the scrotal sack. I knew my wife would love this lund. I asked him to zip up and we resumed our drinks.
We completed our dinner together and after we finished dining, I asked Jeevan to go to the bedroom and wait for my wife, Kamala. I asked kamala to go to the bedroom as soon as she finished cleaning up. I went into the hall to make a few calls and then walked down to the bedroom. Jeevan and my wife were hugging each other and running their hands over the others body. They were naked all right and lying on their sides. They were still into foreplay. I think Kamala was waiting for me. Jeevan was sucking on one of Kamala's tits, taking the hard nipple in his mouth and sucking on it. He lay on his stomach and Kamala was feeling his ass. I sat on a chair and removed my shirt  and loosened my pants. I made myself comfortable, except my lund was beginning to swell and I unzipped and let my lund hang out.
	I watched as Jeevan moved his lips from her breasts and kissed her on the mouth.
They kissed open mouth with eagerness. I could hear the slurping noises their lips and tongues were making. After a while Kamala said, "Will you eat me Jeevan? will you please suck my choot? I love being eaten. Please suck my choot! Mera pati dekho kaise dekh raha hai! Ye dekhkar uska lund kaise khada ho raha hai!" I was surprised to listen to my wifes bold talk. Jeevan just looked at me and smiled and without a word he sank to his knees beside the bed and pulled Kamala's legs over the edge. Gently he spread her legs wide and moved his hands up her inner thighs until he reached her pretty, shaved choot. He spread her choot lips open and I could see how hot my wife was. Her juices were oozing out and dripping down toward her Gaand. He started from her gaand hole and licked her juices up and into his mouth. Kamala was squirming and moaning with pleasure and moving her gaand in circular motion. After about five minutes of this Kamala let out a moan and said that she was cumming. " Ohhh sale choose re meri choot ko! Ahhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh ! kitna maaza aa raha hai! Oohhh! Sali meri choot paniya gayee hai re!" Her talks made me very hard and I started to massage my dick. I saw him widen his tongue and put pressure on her choot and worked his hardened tongue upwards toward her clit. Just as he wrapped his tongue around her little bud, Kamala let loose with a tremendous orgasm. "Oh, wow, oh, wow," she kept saying, "it's so good. Ohhhhhhhh hhhh yes! I am communing"
Jeevan moved up on top of her and resumed kissing her while she calmed down with the onset of orgasm. After she stopped trembling, Kamala said, "I have to return the favor. come on let me suck your lund Jeevan. Let me feel that monster in my mouth. Ohhhhh watch me suck him Karthik. He is lot bigger than you"
She moved down and took a kneeling position and brought her face up to Jeevan's lund. This was the first time I got a look at Jeevan's meat being sucked by my wife. He was hard as a rock and at least 8 or 9 inches long. Kamala could only get half her hand around it.
I said, "Kamala, are you going to be able to take that monster?" 
Kamala said, "I'm going to try it. Its difficult you know. I haven't had such a big thing in my mouth." 
"Good wife," I said. I moved my chair closer so I could get a good look.
Kamala didn't start sucking right away. She had him spread his legs wide and got her tongue down to his puckered asshole. She's very good at licking assholes.  While stroking his monster lund, Kamala stuck her little tongue into his asshole. Jeevan let out a low groan. She began to lick her way upward to his big balls. Taking one ball in her mouth, she licked and sucked on it till it was soaked with her saliva. She did the same with his other ball. Then, she opened her pretty mouth and began to suck gently as she moved her mouth up the underside of his throbbing lund. She repeated this heavenly torture several times, sucking all the while. When she got to the very sensitive area just under the head of Jeevan's lund, Kamala took her time and sucked and licked the area. Her eyes were shut and she was kind of swaying while caressing his lund with both hands, Kamala was making love to Jeevan's lund. I don't know how he was holding back. He was moaning loudly, mumbling something like, "Mmmm, Ohhhhh, that's so good, come on suck it." Then, Kamala decided it was time to take it in. Moving herself upright, still on her knees, Kamala began to lick Jeevan's big cock-head. She put her tiny little tongue into his piss hole and sucked out all the pre-cum that was oozing out. Her lips opened wide as she engulfed the helmet of the cock into her mouth. Not going any further, she sucked it and licked it with her tongue. I could see her cheeks moving in and out with her sucking motions.
"Oh, I can't hold it any more," Jeevan groaned, "I'm going to cum soon. Ohhh Ohhh suck it baby. Ahhh that's it."
Kamala turned her head and caught my eye. She winked and turned back around. Then, knowing that I was watching closely, Kamala went down further and further, without stopping until she had Jeevan's lund all the way in her mouth up to her throat. There was about three inches left. She tried to take him into her throat, but gagged and backed off a bit.
"Kamala," I said, "take a deep breath and as you go back down, relax your throat muscles. You can do this. You can accommodate him in your throat."
The sight of my wife going down on Jeevan made me hard and I started to stroke my cock faster. Once again she winked at me. I watched her take a big mouthful of air, then down she went. Jeevan's big lund sank deeper and deeper into Kamala's mouth. I saw her throat muscles spread as she kept going down. Then there was kind of a very brief pause as the head of Jeevan's lund forced its way into Kamala's throat. Her nose was buried in Jeevan's pubic hair. "Ahh, ahh, ahh, ahh," Jeevan was yelling. Kamala gave a little half spin to her head and began to back off rapidly. As she was pulling off, I saw her eyes widen as Jeevan's sperm began flooding her mouth and shooting down her throat. Kamala backed only halfway off and began breathing heavily through her nose. She looked at me and, with his lund still in her mouth and still filling up with Jeevan's cum, she started to say, "Wow", but as she did, Jeevan's cum began running out the sides of her mouth and dripping down her chin.
After licking Jeevan's lund clean and lying down on the bed, she said, "I didn't think I could do it." Jeevan and I both complemented her.
"I couldn't have done it if you hadn't coached me," she said to me. She turned to Jeevan, "I came twice as I was sucking you." Jeevan, still breathing heavy told her she was the best, the very best. I don't know how I managed to save my load, but I did. My lund began to slack off to a semi-hard. I wanted to prolong my pleasure and cum later. Kamala was playing with Jeevan's lund, gently sucking and stroking it, hoping to bring it back to life.
 I went and made us a drink. When I returned, Kamala had Jeevan's big lund standing up again. We relaxed and enjoyed our drinks as Kamala continued to stoke him. She couldn't keep her hands off it. After they rested a while, Kamala said, "If I could take that monster in my throat, I  can take it all in my choot."
Jeevan began to turn and mount her. She stopped him. "Oh, no," she said, "you're not shoving that thing in me that way. I have to have control and let my husband watch."
With that she pushed Jeevan down on his back and  mounted him. Kamala gave the head of Jeevan's lund a few licks to work up some saliva, and then began rubbing the head of it up and down into her choot lips. "Mmmm, this is going to be good," she said, smiling. Jeevan took hold of his lund and started to help her. Kamala moved away his hand, "I'll do it its more fun that way and my husband over here likes to watch me taking it in my choot." she said.
I moved my chair close to the bed and got my face right near the action. I was fascinated watching Jeevan's huge lund as it disappeared into my wife's choot. Kamala eased herself down on it slowly, stopping occasionally to adjust her choot muscles. After a few minutes I saw her hoot rub with Jeevan's pubic hairs. I looked even closer and watched Kamala's juices oozing out of her choot and wetting the base of Jeevan's lund. Once she had all of him inside of her, Kamala lay on his chest, crushing her breasts against him. She began slowly raising her ass until Jeevan's lund was almost all the way out, and then she let herself down onto it as it slid all the way in again. Kamala let out a scream, "Oh, Jeevan! Oh, Ohhhhh," as she convulsed with her orgasm. She rested against Jeevan's chest and said, "I've got another orgasm building in me, I'm going to cum again. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."
She laid her head on his chest and looked at me. We kept eye contact as she came again. I almost came with her. Kamala saw my condition and whispered to Jeevan, "Would it be alright if my husband fucks me up in my ass. I love to be fucked by him in the ass when you are fucking my choot.?' Jeevan was beyond reasoning at that point. He said something like, "let him! I don't care." Without hesitation I approached the bed. With my hands I spread my wife's lovely ass cheeks  and licked her ass hole with my tongue.
"Hurry Fuck me" she said, "I want to cum with you in my ass and Jeevan in my choot." My 8- inches was rigid. I pressed against her and inserted the head of it into her tiny, puckered asshole. Then, I waited for her to relax her ass muscles. As I felt her asshole loosen, I began easing my lund into her. When I had it all the way and my balls were caressing her ass cheeks, I stopped and enjoyed the feeling. I felt Jeevan's large lund against mine, separated by a thin layer of tissue.
"I can feel your husband's lund," Jeevan said.
"Wait, stay still," Kamala told him. "Karthik," she said to me, "ease your lund in and out. do it slowly and let Jeevan feel it rub on his lund"
I knew what she was doing. I did as she asked. 
"Hey," Jeevan said, "I can feel his lund going in and out of you."
 "How does it feel," Kamala asked?
"Ohhhhh! So nice. Ohhh god you are real tickler Kamala! Taking both of us at the same time!" Jeevan said.
Then Kamala said, "Ohhh Karthik! stop for a minute and feel Jeevans lund rubbing against yours!" I stopped and felt Jeevan sliding in and out of my wife's choot. 
"Jeevan," Kamala said, "slide your lund in and out of me." He did. 
"I can feel myself stroking him," Jeevan said.
 "How does it feel," Kamala asked?
"Oh, hell," Jeevan said, "Am I becoming bisexual? I love it!" 
"OK," Kamala said, "I know we're all ready to cum. Let's just all let it go at the same time. Ready? Move!Fuck! fuck! Fuck me you bastards!"
            We all began working ourselves back and forth. Jeevan and I got together and we both thrust into Kamala at the same time. As he pulled out, I pulled out. As he pushed in, I pushed in. Kamala was being rammed from front and back.
"I'm close, I'm very close to cumming! Fuck me harddddddd oooooooh god!" Kamala said. 
" I am cumming tooooooooooooooooo," Jeevan said. 
"Me too," I said. 
Kamala was first. "Ahhhh, ahhhh, Oh, wow," she screamed. 

Jeevan shot next. "Ohhhhhh Ahhhhhhh, here it comes, oh, oh, oh, ahhh."
             Then it was my turn. I had been holding it so long. I shot a hell of a load. I could feel my lund shooting and shooting, like it was never going to stop. I must have pumped a hell of a load into Kamala.
"Don't stop," Kamala screamed, "I'm cumming again, ahh, ahh, this is amazing," 

        We stayed together as all three of us eased off our tremendous orgasms. We still stayed together. Kamala kissed Jeevan, I licked Kamala's ear and caressed her breasts. She turned her head around and kissed me. She whispered, "thank you, to me."

 It was time to pull out. We did it reluctantly, our juices running out of Kamala's ass. Then, we all lay there on the bed, gazing at the ceiling.
	Friends, that was the first threesome we had with Jeevan and there after he visits us and we indulge in various variation of sex. He is planning to photograph it and publish it in the group. Lets see! I hope you will see my wife then and me too.
	So wait till then or write to me on Jeevan's mail ID <jeevan80@yahoo.com>



