Faiths End - MMMMg - GANG - NC - TOR - FIRST - PREG - ANAL 



"What do you want from me?"  Asked the frightened girl when she woke....   

2 Days earlier.

Helen Simpson was a perfect daughter, a perfect human, fourteen years old, she was incredibly pretty, tall and very slim from Ballet all her life, she had long curly blonde hair and dreamy blue eye's, she was the most sexually desirable person in her entire city, but she didn't know it, she was blinded by Innocence. 

The last thing that Helen remembered was leaving Church on Sunday morning, she took her normal route home though the park near her house, she felt as if someone was following her. She could not remember what had happened after, it was just a blur.

Her head throbbed and her throat felt dry and sore.  She heard a mans voice which woke her from her deep induced sleep.

"Helen...... Helen..... Helen..."  The man sang to her, in a soft voice.

"Where am I?" She asked.  "What do you want from me?" 

"We want your soul Helen."  Said the same mans voice.

"Where am I?"  she repeated, a frightened quiver in her uncertain tone.

"You are miles away from home, you have been unconscious for over a days travelling, today is Tuesday.  We have taken you to be our newest project.  This is not the first time we have done this, and we are very good at it.  We will never be caught.  We have no criminal records so Police cannot trace us through evidence, but I want you to know, you WILL live, we WILL return you home. You will see your parents again.  How quickly that happens is up to you and your body."  The man explained.

"What do you mean?"  She asked

"We are a group of men calling ourselves Faiths End. We are hoping that when you leave us you will change from your religious former self, and you will be woken to reality, there is no God.  If there were, an innocent 14 yr old girl such as yourself, wouldn't be about to suffer a brutal gang-rape. If there were a God, he wouldn't have allowed us to get away with this more than 40 times already.  Do you understand?"  

"No, I love God and he loves me."  She said

"God is not real, you have been brainwashed by your parents into believing in a story, it's false, and we are here to show you that. We will prove it to you."  Said the man.

Helen felt the man touching between her legs under the sundress she still wore, he pawed at her panties and pulled them down her long slender legs.  Then he pushed his fingers and hand in to her groin and rubbed around in circles. She fought as much as she could but her hands were tied tight above her head and her feet were apart and tied to the bottom of the bed, she could not get away from the abusing hand.  Helen cried and stopped fighting against her bonds, the ropes dug painfully in to the soft skin of her ankles and wrists.  She took the abuse for a few minutes. Then she felt something new, something hot and wet between her legs.  

Helen forced herself to open her eyes and look, the man had his head between her thigh's, her dress was over his head so she couldn't see him, she just felt his hot tongue probing at her sensitive private skin. He tongued around her vagina, her clitoris and her vulva, even her anus, she began to breath heavy and her body started to betray her feelings of guilt and shame. She cried and cried and begged the man to stop, but he continued, he continued until her head was swimming and her sex burned with desire.

"Please don't rape me, I am saving myself for my husband on my wedding night, I don't want to be impure for him. Please...... Please......  Please....  "  She begged.

" I am sorry precious, but religious people need to learn a lesson from society, religion is over, it is proven to be false time and time again by nature, by human cruelty, by ME!  There is NO FAITH!" he said, and went back to licking the girls young pussy. 

In spite of the young girl being 14 she had very little pubic hair, she was blonde and her pubic hair was thin and slight, this made sucking her all the more appealing, her taste was the sweetest he ever tasted. 

He began to play with her clitoris with his fingers, rubbing it firmly left and right, he did this for several minutes, then he got off the bed and another man sat and continued in his place, a few minutes later he began to lick her, then suck her clitoris and her ordeal continued to a third man, and a fourth, a Fifth.  For over 3 hours men played with her sex and sucked her private flesh, she was feeling dizzy and weak, the pleasure she felt was shameful but overwhelming.  Nothing had ever felt so wonderful to her before.  A few times already she had felt her body convulsing and thought she had passed out, the burning itch inside her sex finally extinguished for a few minutes, only to be re-ignited by the next man, she had no Idea how many men were in the room or participating in her abuse, there could be hundreds she thought, but then it could be just a few taking turns.  

When Helen woke again, she was still in the same position, a single naked bulb hung 6 feet directly above her head it was blindingly bright against the dull room. From her bondage she could not see around the room, she had no Idea what kind of building it was. She waited for a long time, as long as she could.

"Is there anyone here?"  She shouted.

"Hello darling, I wondered when you were going to wake up. Did you have a nice sleep?"  

"I.... Need the bathroom."  she said embarrassed.

The man approached Helen and sat on the bed next to her, she felt am arm reach under her back and then something Very cold, metal under her bottom. Her Knickers were still around her ankles.  

"You can go now darling, don't worry about it."  He said, much softer voice this man, she liked it almost.  

Helen had to really concentrate to begin a stream of urine, it tinkled against the metal bed pan as her stream became stronger and it splashed a little on her small naked bottom. When she had finished the man pulled away with pan and licked Helen between her legs, licking away all of the urine from her soft sex lips.  She felt herself start to flush hot again but then the man stopped.

"How long are you going to keep me here?"  Said Helen.

"As long as it takes darling, up to you and your fertile young body."  He giggled.

"What do you mean?  Please tell me what is going to happen to me."  She asked, She was trying to sound as genuine and friendly as she could, to try and earn the mans respect in hope he would give her some information.

"What's going to happen darling is, we are going to fuck you, for as long as it takes, to give you a baby.  We will then keep you till your 6 weeks, then we'll let you go home."  He said.

Helen cried, she tried to scream but she was just too upset.  She couldn't believe this was going to happen to her.  

"Please... " she sobbed. "Let me go,  you don't have to do this to me, please... "  She cried and sobbed through the words.

"I'm sorry darlin,  I can't do that.  You will just have to accept it love.  You are going to have one of our baby's.  Just  like most of  the others have.  I'm sure you have thought about having a baby. We are just going to make that sooner than you thought."  Said Will, he was the oldest of the group at 46.

"How many men will I.... ??  "  she cried again.

"You mean, how many of us will be fucking you?"  He asked.

Cry.  Sob.   "Yes."  She weakly confirmed.

"20"  Said the man.  "There are 20 of us. We`re not all here all the time, we take shifts, you will most likely have around 10 to 12 each time."  

"Oh my...  Please, you have to help me...."  She said louder.  

Will placed his hand over Helen's mouth and shhhhh'd her,  "there there baby girl, you will be home in no time, just remember. There is NO GOD.. You will need to prove to us that you believe that before we stop and let you go.  Think about it babe, you think he would put you though this? " 

"I don't....  "  Cry, sob.  The frightened teenager couldn't think of what to say, or what to do, she prayed.

After days of being tied to the bed, she was frustrated and even bored. Her fright had subsided and now she felt bitter and angry. She wanted to go home and as soon as possible.

Helen was woken again by someone between her legs at her sex, he was licking her, she began to react instantly and her heart rate increased involuntarily, he was very skilled. Before she knew it, her head was spinning and her sex was burning, he was replaced by another, and another.  Again she passed out after several exhausting hours of  unwanted stimulation. Some days later, the process was repeated. Then again days later.  Each time Helen was experiencing Orgasms without knowing what they were. 

When she woke she noticed a man walking by her bed.  "Why haven't you started yet?"  She asked

"We start a few weeks after the abduction, that way we can be sure you haven't been traced by Police, and that there were no witnesses, we like to make sure the media attention has died down a bit. Because we only take religious girls, they are usually high profile cases, not too many of you goody-goody types would run away see.  If we took troublemakers, they would just spect' they ran."  said the man 

Helen tied her hardest to think how long she had been here, now many times she had slept, but she didn't even know for how long she was sleeping, sometimes she slept for hours, sometimes it felt like a few minutes, there was little for her to think about after accepting that she couldn't get away.  

Helen had her period , for the next 5 days she was changed by one of her captures after her daily shower. And during her trips to the toilet. Then a week after she had stopped bleeding, the men met and decided it was time to begin. 

When Helen woke something was different, she was still on the bed, her arms were still tied above her head but her legs were free, well, almost.  Her body position was different too.  Her feet were still tied but the rope was tied to her left ankle, it then ran under the bed and was tied to her right ankle, it meant her legs were wide apart but she could move them about 6 inches in either direction, then she noticed the worst and most scary thing so far.  She was Naked.  Under her bottom was something firm, that tilted her body back, her head was tied down, her pubis was the highest point on the bed. 

She felt a man sucking at her sex lips, she swooned and moaned.  Her crying had stopped during her last session and she didn't see the point anymore.  Her body was enjoying the attention, and her mind was starting to agree, if this was going to happen anyway, she might as well gain as much pleasure as possible.  When she felt the man move, she thought another would take his place but he didn't, he got on his knees between her legs and pushed something against her sex, something soft but stiff, something large and warm.  His cock.   Her mind went wild, and her body followed, she began to fight.  She screamed and pulled at her bonds, shouting at the man to stop, but he did not, he lined up the swollen head of his engorged organ and pushed it against her soaking wet hole, it only resisted for a split second, and then he slipped inside, Helen's own juices were helping her rapist get inside her easily, she felt so ashamed and guilty.  She started to blame herself when a white flash of light went off in her head and her sex exploded in agony, his cock was entering her deeply, she knew in her heart, her virginity was gone, this was confirmed a second later when she felt the man's body pressed against her own, he was deep inside her.

Helens' emotions were awash with guilt and rage, she felt so helpless, she felt dirty and sick. Her rapist was pulling and pushing inside her, the pain was unbearable and Helen screamed continuously through her first rape. He held still after a few minutes and grunted, he stayed inside her until she felt his soft cock slip out of her soaking pussy minutes later.  Another man was there in a second, he pushed himself slowly inside her and began long strokes into Helen's small body.  Much longer this time, he lasted much longer than the first man, but it felt almost the same to Helen, painful and torturous. When he finished he held still inside her till his cock was limp, then he pulled out of Helen and man number 3 got between her legs. He didn't fuck Helen immediately, first he pulled apart her pussy lips and sucked her sensitive clit. It took Helen a long time to react to this pleasurable act, her pussy was hurting inside, the pleasure from her attackers tongue eventually took over her mind and several minutes later her body shook and her pussy twitched though the convulsions of her orgasm. He then took his position and pushed himself inside Helen.  For the next 4 hours Helen was raped by the 12 men, after 2 men had cum inside her, she was forced to orgasm against a tongue, then another 2 raped her, then another orgasm. Helen had lost count how many times she had been raped.  She knew that each time the man finished he left his cock inside her to go limp, and the last few rapes she felt something running down her ass onto the cushion underneath her. Her pussy was full to the brim with sperm.  When the last man finished, she felt him push something hard, metallic inside Helen which was still inside her when she woke the next day.

2 Days later whilst being fed by her captures she asked a man "How long till you know I am pregnant?" 

"We won't test you till 4 weeks from now, you will be raped again today, and every 2 days until the 3 weeks are up.  Then once you are confirmed pregnant, we work on the religion part." He said.

Helen was stunned, she was raging and angry again, how could this be happening, she wanted to blame someone, anyone, defiantly she said " I will never give up on God,  I couldn't not believe." 

"Then you will never leave, the longer you are here, the worse it will get for you."  He smiled at her knowing about previous girls torture's.  They were brutal with the girls that wouldn't break.

That night her ordeal began again, she was tied this time over the bed, laying legs on a cushion horizontal, The rest of her body down towards the floor, her hands were tied under the bed..  Her feet were tied together this time and tied under the bed to her hands. The position meant her pussy was downhill to her womb, the same with all of the groups rape positions, to fill her pussy with sperm and forced orgasms then pulling that sperm through her cervix and towards it's goal.

The first man got on the bed and straddled her, he pushed his cock into her pussy from above her body, he squatted on his legs and rested his hands on her back as he rode her for 20 minutes then cumming deep as possible inside her, he made way for the second to begin his assault.  She was then forced to cum by man 3, he then took his position laying down on top of the girl and fucking her that way.  After 2 hours she had been fucked 8 times and cum 4.  Then things took a turn for the worse for poor Helen.  The next man took up position but she felt his cock pressing against her Anus, it was some how wet?  Cold and wet?  He forced his cock into her bum, it stretched and opened allowing entry, she screamed through the intense pain of his entry, and through the progression he made until his cock was completely engulfed in her tight throbbing ass.  Hot pain seared her tended hole, the man didn't give a thought to her agony and fucked her firmly though her first anal rape. He quickened his strokes as he got more energetic, his cock seemed to grow and get harder, then he pulled out quickly without finishing, his cock was still hard, a few seconds later, he inserted into her pussy, fucking her quickly and firmly until he cum, then waited till his erection subsided before making way for the next man to repeat the process.  Each man then took turns in Helen's rectum, always pulling out and finishing in her pussy. She was still forced to cum after every second sodomy.  Helen cried and screamed through the next 3 hours of anal rape. When the ordeal was over, once again she slept with a plug inserted into her pussy to minimise waste though leakage.  In the morning, she had to pull out the plug over the toilet and watch as the dead river of excess sperm oozed from her tight teenage cunt. 

The routine changed, but not much.  She was still raped by everyone several times every 2 days, some men preferred her ass, some her pussy, but they always cum in her pussy. She started to receive the odd visit during her off days. Men would come in late at night and gag Helen, then fuck her and cum inside her, then leave.  Sometimes 2, sometimes 3.   But the gang nights were the worst.  She hated it.

After 2 weeks of this, she had been raped over 200 times, and taken over 200 male ejaculations inside her body.  

One night on an off day she was visited secretly by Will, the older man she recognised from her first days at the cabin.  He sucked on her for a long time till she cum, then he inserted his cock into Helen and fucked her slowly but deeply.  Helen felt something different about this man raping her, she felt like he was trying to be as nice as possible, he always took his time and never hurt her like the others, her body responded to his fucking and she even cum again during the rape. He noticed this and kissed Helen softly on the lips until he had finished a few minutes later, she was amazed and surprised, because she kissed him back.

During the 3rd week of Helen's gang- rapes she cum during the vaginal sex increasingly often, it always happened to the girls in the end, their body couldn't hold off the pleasure anymore, the minds of these girls started to block out the pain and the shame of rape, and concentrate on the pleasure.  Orgasms always resulted. They still forced orgasms after every 2 cum loads were deposited, any extra were a bonus for Helen.

She had even begun to react to Anal sex, if the man wasn't too hard on her, or wasn't too large in size, she felt herself getting aroused when she was sodomised. She never managed to cum, not until one of the men played with her clitoris during his anal rape of her, she cum with him still inside her and she clenched around his pole, he accidentally cum in her ass.  After this the men were prohibited from playing with her clit while fucking her ass.

The visits continued, on her off day from the gang-rapes she would be fucked up to 6 times in her final week, the gang-rapes seemed to be much longer as well, sometimes going on for 8 hours +

The final one was the worst. The men were loud and jolly In the room, Helen was tied against a chair, she was completely upside down, her pussy was vertical with her vagina pointing at the ceiling. Each man would be standing on the last full gang-rape of her scheduled 4 weeks. 

"All 20 of us usually do the last one darlin, that's why it's so busy in here today."  the man chuckled to himself.

The men were savage with her, all except for Will were violent in their rapes of Helen during that day and night, all 20 men fucked her at least 3 times, the rape went on for 11 hours.  Helen was sodomised 44 times and pussy raped 23 times.  Every-man cum inside her pussy.  She was also forced to cum repeatedly through the rapes and in between.  The final man in her ass was not someone she recognised at all, he must be new she thought, he was horrible to Helen, his cock was the largest by far and he didn't even use any lubrication, he just pushed his huge cock into her anus and fucked her as hard as he could for 40 minutes stretching her young bum hole to the largest size her anus had ever been stretched.  She cried and sobbed through her last rape of the night.

For 2 days Helen enjoyed no rapes.  Will had stopped by and made her cum by eating her pussy for a while, but nobody fucked Helen. It was time for the test.  For 4 weeks Helen had been repeatedly raped without protection, her 3 tests all came back positive. She was pregnant.

"Congratulations babe, your pregnant."  one of the men said to her.

Helen cried, partly out of relief and partly because she didn't want this to be real.  Her being pregnant after the first 4 weeks was a good thing, she didn't' see it but it prevented the next step taken by the group, which was daily gang-use until the test was positive, some girls were there for months being raped 50 times a day until they tested positive.  

"O.K."  Sniff.  Sob..  "So what now.... "  Young Helen cried her words out. She just wanted to go home.

"Now you have to loose your faith."  He smiled.

Helen lay quietly sobbing to herself until she fell to sleep. She was woken at 9 AM by someone pulling her from the bed,  It was the first time she had been without cuffs or ropes around her wrists. She felt relief but it was short-lived.  She finally saw outside of the room she was in, she had spent the entire time during her captivity in a 20 foot square wooden room with dirty plastic windows and horrible naked bulb's lighting the room sparsely, casting ugly shadows on every wall.  When she was lead from the room through a corridor, she was lead into a house, she glimpsed a view of the countryside from one of the windows, the Sun... it was the first time she'd seen it in months. The house was huge, a mansion of some kind, large expensive looking furniture placed against every wall. Helen tried not to seem like she was looking, she just followed the man until he stopped walking, she was in a bedroom.  There were several Men already in the room. Most of the men were Naked and had erections.  She thought she was in for another gang-rape.  

"Tie her for her first punishment. "  said the man in charge.  He was wearing all black and held a whip in his hand.  Helen saw it and looked scared to death.

Helen was bound by 2 men on a large double bed placed in the middle of the room, she was tied on all fours over a soft cushioned box, hands and arms were tied tightly to the headboard, feet were tied together and then to the bottom of the bed, her knees were secured to the bed also. Helen was completely immobilised by her restraints. She couldn't move an inch.

The man behind her spoke now, she was waiting for this. She thought she had a plan.

"Do you believe in God Helen?"  He asked.

"No.  I don't believe, I don't think god would put me through this, so he can't be real, I believe you.  I don't think there is a god."  She said quickly.

"I don't believe your telling the truth Helen, a lot of girls have said the same thing in your position to try and prevent the torture you are about to suffer.  But it's not going to work, I want you to HATE people who believe in god by the time you leave. "

"I don't know what to say, you won't believe me if I say No and you will whip me if I say yes... so I can't win anyway.  What do you want me to do to prove it?"  

"Nothing at the moment." He said.

The first lash of the whip hit Helen on her tiny soft backside. An angry red line appeared almost instantly, then the sweat started to show on Helen's white back, her scream was deafening, when she stopped after 10 seconds another lash landed.  The man continued for over 20 minutes by which time Helen was covered in whip marks. She eventually stopped screaming after each lash of the whip. Her body had began rejecting the pain, her mind was numb, her body was catching up, she just stared straight ahead to the bible on the table in front of the bed.  She could see the leather cover, the gold words on the front, she could feel the lashes as she studied the book, but pain had stopped registering in her mind.  After another 20 minutes Helen was unconscious.  The man stopped.  When she woke a Man was fucking her from behind. The pain was unbearable against Helens tortured ass. When he cum several minutes later another man did the same.  Then another.  Then another.  Then another.  After all 12 of the men had fucked her they began hitting her ass with paddles. This continued for several minutes until her ass felt like it was on fire.  They stopped just before the blistering stage.  She passed out again and when she woke she was fucked again my each man in turn.  Helen didn't know what she needed to do to get out of this.  Little did she know, the men were simply breaking Helen, so she didn't believe in anything anymore.  Towards the end, most girls would rather die than be released.  

For 4 days Helen received several punishments and many gang-rapes. Some were all anal rapes, some were vaginal, men no longer had to cum in her pussy, they sometimes cum inside her ass, sometimes her pussy, but sometimes they came around the table and made her take their loads in her mouth, she was forced to swallow several times per day, she choked and gagged each time, she threw up a few times after a smelly fat prick had dumped it's creamy load in her mouth.  

On the 5th day in the bedroom when Helen woke, a man was standing once again with the Whip.

" Do you believe god will save you?  Have you prayed to god?"  He asked

"No.  I swear I haven't Prayed,  I don't think God will save me." Helen said desperately.

"Better."  Said the man, and then began another severe whipping.  Helen was hit over a hundred times, over her back and shoulders, her ass and her legs, even on her feet.  The pain was incredible for most of the punishment, but then a numbness came over her and she felt nothing but hopelessness, she just stared at the book on the table. 

Before the gang rape started that day, the leader pushed a vibrating phallus into Helen's pussy, it went deep and on the outside of the base were 2 plastic clips similar to bulldog clips, these were fixed to Helen's outer lips and held the fake cock in place, he turned it on, and then took his position inside her ass, he rode her quickly and firmly, as did each man, she cum several times over the next 3 hours, sometimes with a man in her ass which caused a great thrill.  Some of the men insisted on cumming in her mouth, even after fucking her ass hard, they would push their shit stained cock in her throat and hold her long hair while fucking her mouth till they exploded.

When Helen woke the next day her hands were behind her back, she had been tied at her wrists and her elbows which caused her firm youthful breasts to stick out as far as possible. Her legs had been tied to the walls via a series of pulleys, they were spread as wide as they would go, which since Helen did Ballet, was almost in a full split, her small pussy gaped open and revealed her clitoris.  Her ass wasn't touching the bed, just her arms, feet restraints and shoulders supported her weight. The position alone was torture for the innocent young girl. It was about to get much, much worse.

"We have found out many things about girls bodies since we started doing this, and the most painful thing we have found that doesn't cause permanent injury is, girls cannot stand being flogged directly on their pussies."   The man said, he was clearly enjoying this.

"No.... NO... PLEASE... NO... I'll do ANYTHING... PLEASE!!!...  Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease... " Helen broke down in tears.... She yelled and screamed at the men to stop,  but nothing would stop them, nothing.

When the first lash of the leather slapped against her open pussy Helen's entire body went taught, every muscle in her body went rigid at once, then she convulsed and pissed herself on the bed. She got control of her body after a second, the second lash repeated the process, a small amount of urine dribbled down her pussy down passed her ass and ran down her back, some of it going on the bed. 

The 2 inch wide leather flogger went splat against Helens' piss-wet pussy and depressed her clitoris hard, the pain was excruciating.  The man left a 5 second gap between each lash, which made it even worse for Helen.  After 20 lashes, Helen felt like her clitoris had been cut off.  Her bladder had emptied completely all over the bed in short bursts after each lash of the cruel man.  Then another gang-fuck began,  it actually hurt more in her tortured pussy than in her ass, she was almost relieved to feel a hard helmet being pressed against her puckered sphincter. She endured another 3 hour gang-rape by which time exhaustion had taken Helen far, far away into deep sleep. Some of the men didn't mind, and fucked sleeping Helen anyway till they were satisfied.

Helen endured a tit-lashing the next day, each of her small firm teenage breasts were whipped and flogged until her nipples began to bleed. The next day her breasts were black and blue with deep bruising.  She whimpered and begged the men to stop, she assured each one that she wouldn't go to church ever again and she would no longer believe in god If she were released. The leader even began to believe Helen was telling the truth, but that wasn't enough to release her,  not yet.

When Helen woke on day 8 of her new routine she was tied differently again, she was in a full Hog-tie and she wasn't touching the bed at all, the bonds were tied to the ceiling and walls around her. She was upside-down. The blood had collected in her face and head and made her dizzy and sick. The next torture would be worse.  Helen was pierced. Her nipples and her outer pussy-lips were pierced and hoops were passed through each hole.  Helen was hysterical throughout, But worse was yet to come.

Helen felt heat, intense heat against her ass. It was scolding, she screamed, then it became too bad to cope with. The heat made her blood boil, her ass must have been burned off she thought.  It felt like a blowtorch, it lasted 20 seconds and then something super cold and wet replaced the heat. Helen fainted, but then awoke seconds later to the other cheek burning, then exploding in agony, when it stopped Helen couldn't even talk, she wanted to know what was happening but couldn't use her body to ask. 

2 days later.

"Helen...        Helen....    Helen.....  "  A man said lightly touching her face with his hands."  It was Will, she hadn't seen him in days and since he had Never hurt Helen she felt like she wanted to reach out and hug him.  She couldn't move.  She was on her side, she felt like she was wearing a huge nappy.  The pain was there, but less intense. A dull itching ache in her skin.  

"What happened to me?"   She asked Will.

"You got branded darlin'  They put your number on your ass."  He said, like it was normal.

"What number?"   

"You are number 42 babe.  You are our 42nd girl.  My favourite too. "  he smiled and she felt so much love for him.  Strange to find love in this place of horror, but since she hadn't seen any affection since she arrived, she wanted to kiss him, she longed to touch him.... She wanted to... she was amazed and surprised...  she wanted to fuck him. She wanted to ask, but in her medical dressings there was no way it could happen.  

" What do I have to do to get out of here? " She asked.

His eye's told her he wanted to say something, he was about to get up when she put her small hand on top of his and begged.  "Please...  I know you want to help me.  Please... "  she pleaded.  Will got close to her ear and whispered.

"The girls only get let go when they are totally broken.  When he asks you a question, just stare blank at the wall and don't say nothin" Said will as quiet as possible, then he gave Helen a wink and walked away.

Helen pretty much lived on the bed for the next week., a catheter took care of her urine output, she occasionally had to go to the toilet but rarely, she was only fed liquid meals.  Her dressings were taken off and changed each day, a wet, cold compress was taken off her ass and within a few minutes pain would register, then when the new pack was attached to her by her bindings, she felt the soothing comfort.  The only sexual contact she had was men who would talk by and put their cock in her mouth till they cum, this happened 6 times a day... there or there abouts. 

When she came around one day she was upright, she was sitting on her bare ass on the bed, but didn't feel too much pain, a man was sitting in front of her.  When she awoke she didn't say anything.

He handed Helen a picture of her bottom, an A4 glossy image. She recognised it's small white round shape as an ass, but she didn't know it was hers, she looked at the detail, deep bruises coming to the end of their short lives, more slightly redder welt's obviously newer. Then large Red and black letters with tiny blisters all over them in 5 inch tall lettering.  #42 on her left cheek and F.E. on her right.

"This was 2 days after it happened Helen,   This one is now."  And he handed her another picture of the same size.  This one looked much healthier.  Her lettering was a white and pink scar tissue colour, her welts and bruising had almost gone. 

The man looked at her nipples and pussy.  Then turned her over and looked at her ass, he was examining her like a Doctor.  Helen thought he must be.  Then he confirmed it by going over to a man and explaining that Helen was perfectly OK, no infections and healing up nicely.

Helen felt better after she had heard that news, but she shouldn't have. It meant the rapes would begin a new, and when they did she held on to the information Will had given her, she hoped she would be questioned again soon.  She tried not to react during her many gang-rapes, the pain was incredible when they all took her from behind, her ass was still very tender,  Her pussy piercings hurt sometimes when the men would go hard on her.  Will, she noticed was still so gentle and lovely when he fucked her, she cum EVERY time he did and enjoyed every second of his rapes.  

She noticed something strange out of the corner of her eye during one of her gang-rapes, she thought she saw the blue material and silver trimmings of a policeman's uniform, she thought she was hallucinating at first, but then she saw it again, and again.  She turned her head during one of the rapes and confirmed it was a policeman fucking her.  She thought nothing of it, Until later.  In the evening she was blindfolded and handcuffed on the bed while her rapes continued. 

When the day was almost done, the sun was going down there were 3 people in her room talking about Helen being one of their favourite fucks so far... she heard the crackle of a police radio and a womans voice broke the silence.  "Charlie William 44 come in please... Charlie William 44 come in..." A man stood and left the room but was close enough outside that she could still hear him.  "Go Ahead Despatch"  Said the man.  " We have your warrant for Abbot house Lieutenant" 

Helen didn't know what any of this meant, but she would remember anyway, it could help when she went to the police, she wanted to get justice for what happened to her, she wanted the men to pay.

"My day just keeps getting better boys"  Said the man when he came back in the room and undid his trousers, he took out his cock and pulled Helen down the bed where he raped her as the others watched, he was brutal and grunted through his savage abuse of her young body, the other men quickly followed him and Helen kept quiet and still as possible.

4 days later.

"Do you think God is watching you?  Do you think he likes watching you get raped?"   The man asked. Helen stared in to space and said nothing. Just blinked slowly every few minutes." Do you think you will be welcomed back to church when you go home Helen?"  He asked again.

Nothing, no reaction.  

" Can you hear me Helen?   Look at me....  Look at me."  He repeated.   She didn't look, she just stared at the wall, even when the man took hold of her face she looked away from him.

He left the room and came back shortly after.  She felt cold and then a stabbing in her arm, a cold liquid seeped into her vein and just as the lights went out she heard the man say ....  " Our work here is done boys..."   then she fell softly into darkness.

When Helen woke she was lying on some grass, she sat up and looked around quickly, but it was too dark to see anything.  She got up and walked slowly while her eyes adjusted to the light, then she recognised the park near her house. She walked to the park, she found a place to hide and she waited till the sun came up, she wanted to see her father again, but she wanted it to be light outside.  She wanted to see the SUN before she saw ANYTHING else.  Amazingly Helen slept peacefully, she was sure it was over, and that she was free.  

At 9:22 AM  there was a knock on the door,  Parker Simpson opened the door quickly and saw a sight he hadn't seen in 5 months.  His daughter Helen. Dirty and unkempt but alive.  She smiled at her father as tears began to fall down her face.  He didn't move, just stared wide eyed at the Daughter who had disappeared.  

2 weeks later.

"Ok Helen, I know we've taken up a lot of your time with this investigation but I need you to focus on this last 3 line-outs.  You have already put most of these criminals behind bars, we just need a little more of your time."  said the stern, female police captain. 

Helen walked with the Police-woman to a window, she knew the routine all too well having seen 20 lineout's already, her memory had held well, and the police message she had heard had lead the vice detectives to the corrupt police-man rapist, he had given up all of the men for a plea and Helen was picking them out of line-ups for the court cases.  The first window she saw one of the men, she recognised him instantly, his fat gut and dirty unshaven face... "3"  she said..  "I'm 100% sure."  

The next window she saw the leader.... "5"   he was the leader or something. He told the others what to do, he always did all the talking in their meetings. 

In the next room she saw Will standing at number 6.  She looked at his deep blue eye's, he looked like someone's favourite grandfather. She felt no hatred or anger towards him, he had been the only nice thing about being held by the men.  

"I'm sorry detective, I don't recognise any of them."  She said.  

"Your sure... take another look for me."

"I'm certain,  I would recognise them if they were there, I saw all of their faces clearly everyday, none of these men were part of the gang that raped me."  she said confidently.

"Ok thank you for your time."  Said the police lady, she looked frustrated.   Helen knew it was probably a mistake, this man might go on to hurt other girls, but she just couldn't bring herself to say anything... she liked Will. She knew he liked her too."  

6 months later.

On a Sunday morning Helen sat in a car with her 20 yr old secret boyfriend, her belly was huge, disproportionate to her small childlike body, her boyfriend held her hand and they talked about the baby being born.  He had been fucking Helen since they got together months before, just weeks after her release from the rapists. He knew she had gotten pregnant from being raped, but supported her decision to keep the baby.  Something good would come from the evil of the men's actions she had said, he already thought something good had, a sexual active beautiful 14 yr old girlfriend.  

All but 1 of the 20 men had been convicted of multiple rapes and torture and kidnapping, each were serving life sentences without the possibility of parole.  Helen being so open and honest with the police and the media about her ordeal convinced other victims of the group to come forward, they faced 12 brave girls in court, the others were too scared or still too broken. Still hiding away frightened.  Helen had given up her religion as promised, she no longer believed.  

"Ok,  you can tell me if you want."  Said Chris, Helen's boyfriend.

"It's a boy."  She said.

"Amazing,  I thought it would be a boy."  He said.  "Any names yet?"  

"Will."  said Helen.  

The End.
