TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  JANUARY 2010 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuck, M+/F, MM, MF, IR, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title: The Saga of George & Gail

Author: C.D.E. (With Many Thanks For Ideas from Author Es2c)
Story # 2010-04


CAST:
George-Husband
Gail-Wife


	"George, don't fret or worry, Gail will be careful."

	"I-I really hope so Mother Smith."  I replied to my wife's mom.

	"You worry too much, just because she's accidentally gotten
pregnant a few times is no reason to think it will happen every
time she goes out with a fellow.  Plus, with you acting as her
oral birth control, if she should let a guy get in her panties,
there is a lesser chance of her getting knocked up."

	"SIGH!  B-But mother Smith, m-my sucking her p-pussy out
d-doesn't seem t-to be foolproof.  A-After all, t-that's why none
of o-our 8 kids a-are mine."

	"I don't like your tone or you saying that!  They  most
certainly are yours!  You know both your mother and I both don't
like you making any such implication.  Sure you didn't put them
in Gail, but you are the legal daddy of them all.  So I don't
want to hear that again, or I'll have to discuss this with your
mother.  Is that clear!"

	"Y-Yes ma'am.  I-I w-won't ever imply t-that again.  I-I'm so
sorry.  P-Please don't m-mention t-this to mother.  S-She might
g-get upset e-enough to w-want to spank me."

	"And don't forget, Gail or I might get tempted to lay a few
strokes on your bottom too."

	"P-Please M-Mother Smith, f-forget I said w-what I-I did.  I-I
didn't m-mean t-to imply a-anything negative.  Y-You know I-I
love o-our children a-and w-would do anything for them... e-even
t-though I-I'm n-not their real -f-father."

	"I know you do George, but it's good for you to be reminded not
to be placing blame on Gail just because a better endowed man
ejaculated in her and inseminated her.  If anything, you share
some responsibility too.  That is for not effectively sucking all
their jism out of her pussy."  My mother-in-law replied curtly.

	"SIGH!  I-I know M-Mother Smith.  I-I try t-to do my best
w-whenever s-she comes home wet a-and with sperm seeping a-and
d-dripping from her crotch."

	"And as her husband, George that's the right thing for you to
do.  Right?"

	"Y-Yes ma'am, y-you're right."

	"And especially so since you're not able to satisfy her fully in
bed.  That's the reason she has to date other men, or I should
say real men, understand?"

	"Y-Yes ma'am, I-I understand.  I-I do love her, a-and I want her
to have satisfying sex, e-even if I can't give it to her like she
gets from h-her r-real men.  I replied as I hung my head.

 	As I headed home, I thought about all my mother-in-law and I
had talked about.

	I have to admit though, that both she and my mom have gone out
of their way to keep my pussy sucking at a high level of
proficiency.  They both let me suck their cum filled cunts to
evaluate my snatch sucking efficacy.

	They both gave me high marks and are always giving me surprised
evaluations. I just never know when they're going to present me
with, or call and want me to come to them and suck their pussies
clean of a load, or several loads, of slimy semen deposits.

	Gail's dad was instrumental in this arrangement, but more about
that later.

	My vivacious wife Gail, is in no uncertain terms, a dick magnet,
even after 8 babies resulting from 6 pregnancies - a girl; twin
boys; a girl; a boy; a girl; and fraternal twins.

	Gail and I were 23 when we got married.  I was immediately
smitten with her charm, wit, and of course her stunning beauty. 
I was so excited that she paid attention to me  a nerdy
unassuming guy like me - but she did.

	She admitted that it was because of my plainness and unassuming
nature that attracted her to me.  She later admitted that my
being sexually inexperienced also intrigued her.

	We became close friends, and then we started dating steady, and
finally we became engaged.

	For reasons I'll reveal later, I knowingly accepted Gail dating
other guys while were engaged.

	But after Gail and I got married, I didn't like the idea of her
continuing to go out on dates, as she did when we were engaged. 
However, alas, I knew I was powerless to stop her.

	Another reason was that her first date after we were married was
with my boss.  He became quite possessive of her.

	I knew he was a cunt hound from the first time I met him and the
way he talked at work.  He all the attributes too.  He was tall,
muscular and handsome.  Word was that he was well endowed too.

	He met Gail at a company social.  After that he was hot on her
trail.  During our engagement, I discovered Gail had a weakness
and tended to lose control - and her sexual inhibition - with
such a handsome, brawny, and aggressive guy as my boss.

	To make a long story short, they had a short affair, and he's
the biological father of our first born.

	Now, back to our engagement, that was when I discovered that
Gail was cheating on me big time.

	And unbeknown to me, she had been feeding me traces of the many
studs she'd been having intercourse with.

	A little explanation here, you see, before we were married, Gail
would only let me lick and suck her pretty pussy.  She showed me
how to do that for her, for I was pretty naive in sexual matters,
even at 23.

	She wouldn't let me put my throbbing prick in her luscious
pussy, no matter how I begged and pleaded.  She did however, like
to watch me pull myself off.  She was nice enough to expose her
tits and delectable bush while she supervised me as I
masturbated.

	And since I was fairly naive  okay a virgin - and not that
experienced in matters of sex, she took advantage of me, pure and
simple.

	I was fat dumb and happy so to speak, about her brazen
unfaithfulness.

	It was not until she came to me one evening with semen running
down her inner thighs, did I have a clue that she was having sex
with other men.

	George darling, I know what I did was wrong, but I went out on
a date and our passions got out of hand.  My pussy is loaded with
his cum.  Would you do me the greatest favor and suck it all out
for me, otherwise I may get pregnant.  If you love me, you'll do
that for me. Won't you darling?  Gail said to me in a forthright
manner, but there was a strong sense of urgency in her voice.

	She pulled her soaked panties off and exposed her disheveled
bush, which had obvious leakage trails from her pussy slot.

	My mind was a mass of confusion.

	I know you have many questions George, but this is not the time
for them. It's time for action. So please darling, get your mouth
down there on me and do what you do so wonderfully for me.  Gail
said in a most forthright tone.

	I decided to do as she requested, after all, the woman I loved
had come to me in dire need of help.  The situation demanded
immediate attention and this was not the time for a bunch of
questions  that could wait until later.

	As I moved my head closer to her parted legs and my face was on
the same level as her messy crotch.  The sight was one I had
never seen before.  Her bush was messy, wet, and oozing.  The
gamy, but erotic smell hit me in the face. I paused to survey
things before I dived in tongue first.

	However, before I could do any more surveying, Gail pulled my
face right into her squishy hairy crotch and urged me on in my
clean up of her well used snatch.

	I did love her and that was the reason I was doing this very
unusual thing for her. I had never sucked pussy before I was with
Gail, least of all one that was saturated with another man's
sperm.  But the more I sucked out the thick whitish goo that was
melded with her ample pussy juices, the taste was a bit stronger,
but it somewhat reminded me of the way her pussy tasted other
times when she had me licking her pussy.

	However, despite the sight of her nasty looking sex, I was
forced to admit that her used pussy was rather palatable, and
added to that, her gyrations and grinding of her hairy crotch
against my face  as she still held my head tightly to her crotch
 I really felt a strange sort of pleasure in being able to
thrill her and solve a dire problem all at the same time.	

	Gail appeared to have had at least 2 orgasms during the course
of my strong sucking session on her very wet pussy slit.

	After she pushed me away from her crotch, she and I both settled
down and composed ourselves.  I excused myself to wash my slimy
wet face.

	I also had to clean up something else too.

	I didn't mention it to her  I was simply too ashamed -  but I
had involuntarily come in my shorts in the process of my eating
her out.

	When I returned I was anxious to get some answers.  But first, I
mentioned my observations about the taste of her pussy before as
compared to the way it was tonight.

 	To my utter and complete surprise, she admitted that her
actions were all a ruse to get me to eat a full load of cum from
her pussy as well as to let me know that she needed other men,
real men in our relationship.  She was simply tired of fooling
me.

	I was simply tired of fooling you darling.  I knew it had to
come out sometime.  She said in a remorseful tone.

	She admitted that  she had been dating other men from the very
first time we were dating as steadies.

	"It thrilled me so to have you tasting other men's jism, even
though it was only small traces of their dick cum.  So I was
getting this increasing and compulsive urge to feed you even
more.  And I was right, having your head on my sloppy slimy wet
muff after a vigorous fuck, gave me a very intense thrilling
feeling.  And darling, while I need well hung men, which you're
not.  I still need your true love and strong emotional support.
While I may let others fuck my pussy, my heart will be yours
exclusively.

	Her words were still falling down on me like rocks in an
avalanche.

	I was speechless.  She continued talking.

	George, I denied you because I want you to see me as the girl
next door and to respect me as your loving wife.  And another
reason is that I adore seeing you jack off for me, knowing that
other men are doing me whenever they desire.  I know it's wicked
for me to put it that way, but that's the way it is for me.  I'm
hoping you understand and accept it all.

	And I still want you to eat my studs' jism from my used fucked
cunt, because seeing and hearing and feeling you draw their hot
slimy goo out of me is so wickedly delicious."  The gleeful smile
she wore as she talked alarmed me.

	I was finally able to talk.  We discussed this side of her
desires and wants and needs  a side that I had never fathomed.
While we both agreed that we loved each other and that I could
forgive her for being unfaithful, we still didn't reach  an
agreement I was comfortable with.

	I later also talked to both our families about the matter of us
continuing in our current relationship, and whether it was wise
or possible for Gail and I to continue on the road to being
married.

	To my utter and complete surprise, both families not only knew
of Gail's blatant unfaithfulness to me, but were resounding in
their support of Gail having been slutty, as well as for me to
not be deterred in making her my bride.

	They looked at me as if I was the one in left field who had
concerns about her cheating on me or that she wanted me to suck
her other men's sperm from her sloppy hairy snatch.

	Everyone was also of the opinion that if Gail didn't want me to
have any of her pussy until our wedding night, that was her
prerogative and that i should respect it.

	After all, George dear, she wants to marry you as a virgin, so
I feel you should respect and honor her wishes.  If she needs you
to please her with your mouth because you have to stay a virgin,
then that's the way it has to be.  Gail's mom said to me.

	Yes, you should marry as a virgin, no ifs, ands or buts.  Was
my mother's stern reply to me.  She liked Gail, and in mother's
eyes, she could do no wrong.

	I did love Gail very much.  And she did seem to sincerely care
for me.  And as both mother and my in-laws pointed out, I had
invested a lot of time in the relationship, I shouldn't just walk
away because of the possibility of better men competing with me
for her pussy.

	"George, I didn't raise you to be a quitter.  Besides, Gail is a
healthy woman, and she needs good sex. If you truly love her, you
will do what it takes to ensure she gets it, even if you have to
do more than a real man would do to make it so.  Sure, you'll
have to give up some manly self-esteem, but you and I both know
that for you, that won't be much a loss.  Said mother to be in a
serious tone as she gave me her advice on the matter.

	Mother, who is strong willed like Gail, has always liked my
fiancee and even told me that a strong assertive girl like Gail
was what I needed in a wife.

	I guess you could call me a true mama's boy, because I've always
revered mother and her advice and counsel.

	Mother was the strong force in our house and dad always went
along with her.  Sometimes I wished he had stood up to her, but
it never happened.  Well once or twice he sort of did.  I wasn't
suppose to know about it - as I was sent away to my room.  But
mother took him to the basement and slapped him around and
whipped him, while he was naked with an electrical extension
cord, both of those times.

	When she felt I was mis-behaving, I also experienced the sting
of her electrical cord too.

	Gail and I made up and it became a normal part of our
relationship to have other men, as well as their copious loads of
hot slimy jism, as a normal and routine aspect of our engagement
relationship.  I have to admit, I had gotten quite acclimated to
the taste of her wet drippy slimy snatch, and sucked a lot of her
men's spend out it.  Since this was my primary way of really
being intimate with her, I became rather excited about being
there for her that way.  It was not uncommon for me to become
over aroused and shoot off in my shorts as she got such marvelous
orgasms with her pussy grinding down on my face and flitting
tongue.

	But I have to admit, I lost no love for Gail and even became to
admire how well she could handle the huge cocks she showed me in
pictures and videos of her having sex with single, as well as
groups of horny men.

	I naturally began to feel inferior to her, and her many men
friends who she was dating more than me.  However, over time, I
became comfortable in my subordinate role.

	We would go out to an occasional movie, but for the most part, I
watched a lot of TV, waiting for her to be brought back home by
her different studs.

	At least I was thankful she always came back to me, even if well
fucked.  And I had to concede that at least I was able to get
some of her pussy, even if it was to lick and slurp up the
leavings of her better men

	The manner of our relationship did make me feel a bit
insignificant and less sophisticated than Gail, but she and both
our families seem to think it was a very harmonious arrangement
for us.

	I said nothing but went along with things,because I had come to
see that I was lucky to even be in Gail's life, as my position,
in comparison to her better endowed and looking studs was
pitiful.

  	Within a few months of our wedding date, we moved in together.
 While she was frequently out on dates, she left me at home to do
things like dust, mop floors, do laundry and keep the kitchen and
bathrooms spotless.

	She often gave me a list of chores before she got picked up by
her dates.  Her men friends often had smirks on their faces as
Gail would go over the list in their presence.  I know she didn't
intend it to seem as if she was given instructions to a servant,
but that's the way it came across to me.

	I mentioned this to her, and she fully agreed she had no intent
of treating me as a servant.  That made me feel better that she
said so.

	However, she still seems to give me my chore list,and has me
read them back to her, as the last thing she does before walking
out the door in her clubbing attire -very revealing, short mini
skirts and dresses - but at least I know that she never means to
embarrass or belittle me in front of her more manly, handsome
shapely dressed dates.

	For some reason, Gail insisted I wear a floral pinafore apron
that had a pink and lavender in its color scheme, plus had a
small lace trim.  While it was very effective in keeping spills
and drops from getting on my clothes, I hated being seen by
wearing it when her dates or her other men friends came by our
shared apartment.

	I would've preferred a solid colored apron, even if the flowers
are pretty.  I believe mother said the floral pattern on the
apron were patches of pansies.

	However, when Gail received compliments on how clean and
spotless the place was, Gail always recognized me as the one that
should receive the compliments.  To me that was further proof
that my fiancee was an upright person even through some things
that she did, that came across as making me look stupid and
browbeaten, or petty, were not intentional in any way, in our
strong relationship.

	Well, the big day arrived.  Gail and I were married in a small
private ceremony.

	Gail picked my best men - yes she thought four of her favorite
studs was fitting.  I questioned her on this, but when it seemed
that she was dead set on this arrangement, I shut up and went
along with her plans.  The whole while I stood at the altar, I
felt so intimidated as well as totally inferior to the taller and
bigger men, all who had, and were fucking my beautiful bride's
hot pussy - while I had never been able to get any, except with
my tongue.


WE START OUR MARRIAGE OFF

	I was very disappointed on our wedding night that not only did
my new bride gave herself to several men doing the ceremony and
that I had to suck all that gloppy cum out before I was allowed
to put my much smaller member in her, as her husband.

	But imagined my shock when she told me, no ordered me to, put on
a condom she'd handed to me.  The stern look in my eye also
alarmed me too.

	But I did as she said and rationalized that some pussy is better
than no pussy, after all these months of waiting for some.

	She added that this was not the time to get into her rationale
for wanting me in latex.  She urged us to enjoy the moment of our
wedding bliss and begin the consummation of the marriage.

	Even in my disappointment, her words sounded so comforting.

	Even though I didn't last over 3 minutes in her juicy wet and
very warm pussy, but it was a glorious 3 minutes.

	"That was great darling.  Welcome to being my husband.  I'm glad
you finally got to put it in and enjoy my pussy that way.  And I
just love the way you suck my tits."  My new bride said to me.

	I too was so delighted to finally be able to handle, fondle,
caress, and suckle her fleshy orbs after so long a wait. 	

	I got much more concerned when Gail told me after we were
married that she was going off the pill because of medical side
effects.  And even with the risk of her getting pregnant by
someone other than her husband - me - she had no plans to stop
dating or being promiscuous.

	Gail and I had long intense discussions about our marriage and
what it meant to both of us and how best to maintain the love
between us.  Family members on both sides - mine and hers - made
their views known too.

	So in the end, to reduce the friction, emotional trauma, and
general confusion, she and I concluded that just because she
still needed to go out for bigger dicks and would be having sex
with her dates, and more than likely would be letting them
ejaculate in her unprotected juicy snatch - if they wanted to - I
just had to get use to that.

	Reluctantly, I ended up agreeing with her that there was no
reason to let other men and their sperm in her pussy interfere
with our marriage or the love we have for each other.

	I was sad that Gail told me she couldn't control whether the
assertive studs she would be dating would use condoms, but that
she would still demand that I did.

	I pressed her for a rationale for her making me, her husband use
them, and not her outside lovers. The only reason she gave was
that she felt keeping something back from me such as that, kept
me from taking her for granted.

	"Yes George, I know that the guys I'll be dating will treat me
like a slut and a whore.  To them, I'm just a easy piece of ass.
But they have a good reason to see me that way, because all I
want from them is a good fucking, not a deep and emotional loving
relationship as we have."  She said as she gave me a warm and
sincere passionate kiss after she spoke.

	I had a difficult time rebutting or replying to her logic.  I
sat there silent wishing things could be different.  But as was
brought up several times in our talks, we both knew I didn't have
the strength or will power to refuse her desires, or compete with
the type of brawny handsome assertive men she liked to date.

	And as a way of mitigating the risk of her becoming pregnant
because of her unprotected wanton promiscuity,  she and both our
families thought that if my wife thought that an effective birth
control was straddling my face and draining her cum filled pussy
in my sucking mouth, then I was obliged to be cooperative.

	Both my folks and my in-laws kept reminding me of my wedding
vows.  You know the "For better and worse" part.

	"Honey, I know it would be offensive, and maybe even disgusting,
for some men to suck better men's semen from their wife's cunt,
when as my husband, you're not permitted to ejaculate in me
unencumbered.  But because of my needs and your being well... And
I'm not trying to be hurtful to you, but we must face the
truth... You're an under endowed milksop.  And you're not only
acclimated to the taste of my used slimy pussy, it's obvious it's
very agreeable to you.  Honey, this arrangement will works for
us.  This will make our marriage strong darling."

	While my wife's words were cutting in one way, I also
interpreted them as being sincere and from the heart.

	Well anyway, from my engagement and onto our wedding, and now,
back to the present day, it's obvious my relationship with
Gail,as well as my marriage has been unorthodoxed, to say the
least, but all in all, Gail and I do get along relatively good. 
There are relatively few, if any arguments or disagreements in
our household as there is great communication between us.

	And when there is an occasional disagreement between she and I,
it always works out best if I accept her position on the matter 
which I always seem to do.  So indeed, there is a great degree of
harmony in our marriage.

	Before I close out my story, I think I should talk a bit about
my Father-in-law.


--------MY FATHER-IN-LAW MR. SMITH------

	Mr. Smith is a tall brawny outspoken type man.  He strongly
resembles many of  Gail's real men  at least the ones that I
have met.

	I'm only 5'6" and of a much smaller stature than all my wife's
real men.

	Mr. Smith has always freely offered me advice on dealing with
his daughter and her sex needs during our courtship, engagement
and into our marriage.  Even though I feel intimidated and well,
inferior in his presence, I nevertheless, have appreciated his
counsel and admire him as a man.  He makes no bones about the
fact that he doesn't think much of me as a man, but he's done it
in a way that has been amicable and congenial, if that makes any
sense in my describing my relationship with him.

	It was about 2 weeks or so after the wedding that he called and
wanted me to stop by and see him.  When I arrived, he was home
alone.  Gail's mom was away shopping and wasn't expected back for
a few hours.

	He greeted me wearing a bath robe and had a drink in his hand. 
He fixed me one too. As we sat and talked about things like the
weather and the short honeymoon Gail and I went on, his robe
gradually parted and his large genitals became quite visible, as
he made no attempt to shield them from my eyes.

	He was very well hung, as the saying goes, and his circumcised
penis wasn't totally soft and not fully erect either.  It had to
be almost 8 long,and it was of sizable girth too.  His balls
were also large and hairy and low hanging.

	I tried to avoid looking at the display of his magnificent
equipment, but it was difficult to not occasional glances at his
member.  It was difficult for me not to be envious.  I only had a
slender 4 prick and much smaller balls.

	"Georgie boy, from reports of your mother and my wife, you're
doing a great job of sucking their pussies clean.  I'm proud that
you've worked so hard to be a good cunt sucker and cleaner for my
little girl.  She deserves the best snatch sucking you can give
her.  Not only as her birth control, but for the pleasure she
gets from you doing that for her."

	"T-Thank you Mr. Smith.  I-I appreciate all you've done to help
me too.  I-I really want to be the best at what I do for Gail."

	"That's make me feel good to hear you say that as my new
son-in-law.  And I'm always glad to let you eat my cum out of
your mother and my wife after I fuck them."  He said with a broad
smile.

	As I sipped my drink I thought back to when Gail's dad came up
with the idea of proficiency pussy sucking for me, so that I
could maintain my sucking skills and to keep my jaw muscles toned
for giving Gail the best suck out every time.

	Gail's mother was excited about being practice pussy for me and
was in total agreement with her husband, that since I was such a
good mama's boy, I should also be sucking my mother's pussy too.

	Gail's dad had met my mother and dad before.  He'd determined
that dad was a lot like me and felt that for me to get the best
cunt sucking experience, it would be best if a better man than
dad fucked mother, so her pussy could be a practice cunt for me.

	He presented his proposal to mom and dad in my presence.

	Mother was very delighted and welcomed being fucked by Gail's
tall handsome muscular dad.  My dad knew that mother was game. 
She explained to him that "It's for our son's own good for me to
get fucked by a better man than you, so our son can have a proper
cream pie eating experience to keep his sucking skills sharp."

	My dad knew by mother's reaction that he had no choice but to
agree.

	My father, who is of small stature like me, and not well endowed
either, was embarrassed as he had to concur that he wasn't as
hung as Mr. Smith and that he probably couldn't ejaculate as much
jism as Gail's dad.

	"And he can't last that long either or give my pussy that well
fucked  feeling or condition either."  Mother said smiling as she
cut dad off as he was admitting he didn't have what it took to
fuck his wife's cunt as Gail's dad did.

	My dad's name is Frank and my mother's name is Flora.

	"Frank, I'm glad you're being sensible about this." Gail's dad
said.

	"W-Well I-I always try to do things t-that's best for my
family."

	"You're a good husband and father Frank." Gail's dad replied

	Next, Gail's dad took mother to the master bedroom and dad was
invited to come watch.  When he tried to decline, mother said "Oh
come on dear, it'll be good for you to see how a real man fucks a
woman.  And George you can come too, so you can be ready to go
down on me when Mr. Smith is through fucking me."

	My dad's face tuned redder than it already was, but we both
meekly followed Gail's dad and mother as they walked toward the
bedroom arm in arm.  Mr. Smith's hand was also on mom's wide
shapely mature ass.

	Once in the bedroom, dad was directed to undress mother as well
as to guide Gail's dad big rigid dick in mother's eager and wet
hairy muff.  She also required dad to kiss her pussy slit before
that.

	"Now dear, you can go over and have a seat until we're through.
Pull your pants down and play with yourself while you watch me
get a good fucking.  You too son."  She said directing her words
to me.

	Both of us were very embarrassed, but we both obediently did as
we were old by mother.

	It really turned out to be enjoyable watching Mr. Smith fuck
mother, as both dad and I maintained erections almost the whole
time he was humping her, which lasted for well over a half hour.
He did her in different positions, but neither dad or I could
hold back when Gail's dad sat on the edge of the bed with mother
facing us and sitting on his big tool.  Her legs were parted wide
as she rode his dick hard and sensuously and nosily, as their
coupling was very wet  sloppy wet is a better description  and
the slushy squishy fucking noise was loud.

	Gail's dad pumped two heavy loads in mother, and gave her at
least 4 rousing orgasms.  He gave her a very sloppy and slimy
messy cunt, which all present watched me dive mouth first into
and suck clean.  Everyone praised my efforts after mother finally
got off my face from draining her messy muff on my sucking mouth.

	My thoughts snapped back to the present and Mr. Smith.

	"Now Georgie boy, the real reason I asked you to come over is
that I'd like to ask you a favor."

	"Yes sir, Mr. Smith, what is it."

	"How about being a pussy boy for me today and suck my dick off.
I also want you to swallow all my cum too?"

	"W-What!  O-Oh I-I see.  Well you know Mr. Smith, I-I have
licked your big cock clean several times when y-you've had sex
with mother a-as well as your wife, a-and I-I was there to suck
their o-oozing cunts.  B-But u-using my m-mouth on you u-until
y-you ejaculate a-and then swallowing all your semen, i-isn't t
t-that something t-that gay guys do?"

	"Just because you put your mouth on a better man's dick or suck
it for that matter, and swallow all his cum doesn't mean you're
gay.  Plus, gay guys don't suck pussy, so there, you've got that
going for you too.  So don't worry about being gay."

	"O-Oh I see.  T-Thanks Mr. Smith, I-I hadn't thought of it that
way.  That does make me feel better.  And I-I guess with all
you've done for me, especially fucking mother, as well as setting
her up with other horny men, so I could eat her many sweet cream
pies, it would be unappreciative on my part, not to do as you
want and suck your fine dick, and swallow your hot semen as it
shoots off in my mouth.  B-But sir, y-you'll have to guide m-me
as I-I've never fully s-sucked a cock before"

	"Don't you worry a bit my boy, I'll give you all the
instructions you'll need to do my dick.  And yes, as far as your
mama is concerned, it's not everyday a mama's boy gets to eat out
his mother's creamy pussy."

	"Yes, you're so right Mr. Smith, it really has bonded she and I
even closer. Dad loves eating her out even more now.  He use to
eat a lot of his own cum out of her muff, as he always shot off
to soon when he had intercourse with her, and had to finish her
with his mouth.  She of course made him eat his own cum in the
process.  Now he's delighted to eat the better tasting sperm
deposits of other men from her.  And because she's too busy
fucking other men who come by for some, he's perfectly satisfied
now to just suck her sloppy snatch and jack off."

	Well, he's better suited for that arrangement anyway.  Now
c'mon over here Georgie and help me and my dick out.  Mr. Smith
next said.

		Mr. Smith guided me to my knees and gave me advice on how to
suck him off properly.  His erect member jutted proudly, and
somewhat obscenely skyward, as I guided my lips to it.

	He had me hold his warm and hairy stupendous nut sac. It didn't
take me but a few seconds to get the hang of suckling him in such
a manner that my teeth were not in the way.

	After a few moments, he and I had a rhythm of movement as he
slowly pushed and pulled his long thick shaft in and out of my
suckling mouth. There was drool leaking out of the corners of my
mouth as he held and used my head as a surrogate cunt to appease
his lust.

	As he worked his large throbbing erection rhythmically between
my lips, I just continued to fondle his balls and let my mouth be
used as he desired.

	As I thought about it, this was a pretty simple and straight
forward, but delightful sex act. I discovered that it was very
pleasant to have my mouth filled with his hard man meat, and to
also have it moving in and out like my mouth was a pussy.

	I also found it rather delightful to let my tongue play over his
shiny dick head on each pass, as well as well as feel it engage
his giant pee slit too.

	It was all so agreeable to my senses, I thought to myself that
it might be worth the risk of being called a faggot to get men to
let me do this wonderful thing for them.
	
	Yessss! Keep doing that.  That feels mighty good.  You have
nice soft  hands like a bitch.  Suck me you little pantywaist
sissy bitch.  Mr. Smith shouted and moaned sensuously.

	I could tell he was really enjoying himself, and for some
reasons what the names he called me didn't seem to matter. It
just pleased me greatly that he was pleased with me pleasing his
hard dick.  I've always known I was a people pleaser and it looks
like I'd been introduced to a great way to please and be pleased.

	And saying I was pleased would be an understatement when Mr.
Smith ejaculated his fantastically hot and bountiful spurting
load of gooey jism in my mouth.

	And when he came, he ejaculated so forcefully too.  I was quite
lucky that he pulled his big dick head back close to the front of
my mouth. so I had room to collect his powerful spurts of thick
gooey semen, and then quickly swallow before the next gusher
filled that cavity in front of my throat.

	My tongue was blasted time after time and thoroughly inundated
with his hot seed.  That was so delicious.

	After the 5 or 6 main spurts were diminished, he told me to keep
sucking, but he really didn't have to, it sort of came normal to
me to slowly suckle the remaining dribble that seem to seep from
the head of now softening dick head.

	After a few minutes, he pulled his much softer dick from between
my lips with a loud PLOP.

	Damn Georgie boy, that was some blow job.  You sure you ain't
never sucked a dick before?

	N-No sir... N-Never...  I-I guess I-I should thank you for your
compliment.  I smiled but continued blushing at his remarks. 
The feeling of his hot sperm in my tummy made me feel far more
comfortable than I expected.

	He continued to talk about why he wanted me to be a cocksucker
and how it was alright for me to do that for him and other men to
if I was asked to.

	As I sat there listening to him convince me that being a
cocksucker wasn't as sordid or perverted as some in society made
it our to be, I have to admit, I felt a strange sort of
contentment and mental bliss.

	You see Georgie, you have the calling to draw out a man's dick
cream, whether it be from a used twat or straight from a hard
dick.  That's nature for you, and there is no use fighting it. 
He waxed as we sat there nursing our drinks.

	Even though I realized that now I was even more inferior to
Gail's dad and other men like him, since I had performed an act
as a pantywaist bitch and evidently enjoyed taking a man's heated
load of sperm.

	Yet, I felt less intimidated by him, but yet a greater degree of
respect of him and his sexual prowess.

	And by having sucked his cock, I felt a greater confidence in
relating to him.

	And as if the evening wasn't already full of surprises, Mr.
Smith dialed a number and I heard him tell the other party that
things went well.

	I then quickly surmised he was referring to the situation
involving me of which I had been a party.

	But then he handed me the phone and after saying Hello, I
heard mother's voice.

	To get to the point, I had been set up, and my own mother was
part of the collusion to break me into being a full fledge
cocksucker.

	She sounded not only happy, but gleeful that I had sucked my
first cock.
	
	And Georgie, you don't have to worry about me thinking any less
of you cause you're leaving with my cum in you.  Gail's dad said
to me as I left his house.

	As I left the driveway, I thought to myself, it's usually the
woman that goes home with the ejaculate in her, so I guess I
really did end up being his bitch.


EPILOGUE:

	A few days later, Gail's dad called to talk about the experience
of sucking my first dick - his.

	"Y-Your c-cum h-had a-a stronger flavoring t-than when I taste
i-it from Gale's cunt."  I replied to his question of how I found
the taste of his gooey cum cream.

	"Now Georgie, I don't want you to feel offended cause I wanted
you to be a bitch boy for me.  But I remember the look on your
face.  It was very clear that sucking my cock was better than you
ever expected it to be.  And I have to let you know again, that
was damn good for your first time."

	"I-I'm not offended at you treating me as bitch boy s-sir. 
It-It was better than I-I expected.

	Then I can count on a repeat performance anytime I want,
right?

	Y-Yes sir w-whenever y-you need me.  B-By the way, Gail appears
to be very proud of me too.  S-She says that it will help me to
focus more on being the kind of husband she desires me to be
a-and not worrying about trying to be like her real men. I said
to him meekly.

	She should be and it will definitely make you a better husband
for her.  He replied

	I thanked him again for helping me to endear her to me even
more.

	I let him know that I felt good about sucking his dick too and
didn't mind in the least having to swallowing all his ejaculating
hot jism.

	He replied that he was going to offer me to several of his horny
buddies who would love to use my mouth as a place to shoot off
their bothersome pent up jism.

	He and I both agreed that to practice on other dicks, and
tasting a lot of different semen would be good experience for me.

	And son, you'll be more of a helpful helpmate to your new bride
now that you're comfortable being a sissy cocksucker."

	"S-She does?"

	"Yes, just think, you can help her out with her men.  say they
come by for a quickie and she's out with another of her men.  So
there you are, you can substitute for her and take his hot cum. 
She'll be exceptionally pleased at you taking sperm that was
intended for her pussy."

	"I-I guess I-I had never thought of a-anything as t-that."

	"You do want to please her, and for her to be pleased with you,
right?"

	"Of course, y-yes sir."

	"So what's the problem if you have to suck dicks to do it?

	 His logic was strong and sound.

	Well that was many years ago, and since those early days of our
marriage, her dad was correct.  Gail has utilized me as both her
marriage helpmate and as a sexual helpmate for her many men
friends.  I've taken many a loads of hot ejaculate that were
intended for her when she wasn't available  both down my throat
and up my ass-pussy.

	And with Gail's dad's help, he has found men that wanted me to
suck their horny dicks, or fuck me, - or both - for money, which
really comes in good in my providing for our growing family.  And
he only takes half of what I make for his troubles. Again, for
the things he does to help Gail and I out, he's the greatest of
father-in-laws.

	I of course act as my wife's oral, and only, birth control. 
Each time she gets inseminated, both our families chide and blame
me for my failure in not having done a good cunt sucking job.

	And since both our mom's delight in the additional grand kids 
and Gail has always wanted a large family too - abortion has
always been out of the question.

	Sure it's a lot more pressure on me to provide for all these
kids, but I still love and care for them all, as they are
innocent of my wife's need to be wanton and overly promiscuous
with many different men.

	None of our children favor me in any way. They all however seem
to have some of my wife's features.  We always get a lot of
stares when we go out as a family. Two of our kids have blond
hair, 2 are red heads, 2 were obviously sired by different black
men, one is of Italian descent, and another the result of Gail
having coitus with a Hispanic stud.

	And another thing, after 17 years of marriage, I'm still
required to wear condoms, even when Gail has been pregnant.  Oh
well, I'm still hopeful that one day, when she's ready,  she'll
let me have some without a rubber, like she permits with all her
real men.

	And through out my marriage, I've found that it's usually easier
to go ahead and do what Gail, or others, expect or desire of me,
rather that to be recalcitrant or confront her or them about
their demands.  I don't like discord or being confrontational
anyway.  I find it easier to do what needs to be done, and get it
over with  even if it's something a real man wouldn't do -
rather than be argumentative.

	And as Gail predicted all those years ago, our marital
arrangement has worked well for us.  And has resulted in a very
strong harmonious marriage for us too.

###END###



	




	
