Haldir pulled hard on the thick rope and the wooden horizontal bar Aragorn’s wrists were tied to lifted up towards the ceiling until his feet barely touched the stone floor.

Legolas pulled off the leather mask roughly and caressed Aragorn’s stubbled cheek. The Man was now naked and at their tender mercy. He continued down, running his fingertips across the well-muscled chest and belly, stopping short of the dark curls at his groin. Legolas smiled wickedly as Aragorn moaned and fluttered his eyes closed.

Legolas pinched a nipple hard, making the Man gasp. “You will keep your eyes open, Estel, and look at me.” Aragorn immediately opened his eyes and looked at the Elf in adoration.

Haldir, meanwhile, was busy making preparations similar to that of a surgeon readying for surgery: He pulled out from their resting places their prized Dwarven implements and paddles and laid them all neatly side by side on a linen-covered, wooden table. He poured water into a bowl and set towels next to it and lighted a small taper from one of the sconces and turned to the Prince. “I am ready, my love.”

“Thank you, Haldir. I think Estel needs his bum warmed up first, don’t you think?”

Haldir grinned. “If you say so, my love.” He moved a padded wooden horse to the front of Aragorn’s thighs and pushed so that he was suspended completely from the bar, back arched with legs dangling back and slightly splayed. Legolas kissed Aragorn tenderly as Haldir moved to straddle the horse at Aragorn’s side.

“My choice?” Haldir asked. Legolas nodded, not taking his eyes from Aragorn’s. Haldir selected a long flexible leather paddle and caressed the tensed cheeks until they relaxed.

Whap!

Aragorn jerked but made no sound, eyes fixed on the Elf before him. Legolas stepped back a few paces and slowly began to undo the tiny frogs of his lovely new undertunic, one for every whack the Man received. By the time Legolas had removed the garment, exposing his beautiful torso, Aragorn was gasping, his erection twitching and already weeping.

“Haldir, I think our little pet is going to explode at any moment.”

Haldir paused in mid-wallop. “We can’t have that happen too soon, now can we?” he asked, tweaking the Man’s testicles. Aragorn groaned and writhed.

“Can we, little Man?” Haldir whispered in Aragorn’s ear.

The Man shook his head vehemently. “No my lord,” he panted back.

“What a good little Man you are,” Haldir purred and licked a drop of sweat from the Man’s earlobe.

Legolas grinned. Sometimes Haldir enjoyed his work too much. He went to the table and picked out a tiny belt, of a size to put around the wrist of a young maiden. He then knelt before the Man’s groin and wrapped the belt tightly around the base of the erection and under the testicles so that they were bound together. When it was secure, Legolas took the head of the cock in his mouth and licked off the glistening liquid pearled there. Aragorn shouted and bucked his hips but Legolas backed away quickly, not allowing the Man to follow his pleasure.

The Prince went behind him to inspect Haldir’s handiwork. The Man’s bum was indeed warmed up, down the backs of his thighs as well. There were even lovely welts amidst the glowing, reddened skin, where the edge of the paddle must have bit deeply. Legolas caressed the tender skin and the Man shivered and moaned. Again he walked to the table and selected two nipple clamps with tiny weights in the shape of sitting bears. The Dwarves never made anything that wasn’t beautiful, even if meant for lowly purposes.

Haldir moved the padded horse from in front of Aragorn, to the back so that this time he was suspended with his weight on his sore bum and his legs splayed becomingly. The Elf tied the Man’s ankles to the legs of the horse with wide soft strips of leather. The Man twisted and arched his back, but could not relieve the pain. His sobbing pants echoed in the chamber.

Haldir sniggered. “You must simply concede, Estel. There will be no relief.”

Legolas went to stand between Aragorn’s thighs. When the Man kept twisting, he delivered a stinging slap to his erection. “Hold still!”

Aragorn’s harsh breathing became whimpers. “Please…” he moaned quite involuntarily.

Both Haldir’s and Legolas’ eyebrows shot up. Aragorn clamped his mouth shut and looked at the Elves with horrified dismay.

“Estel,” Legolas breathed, “Do you want the gag?”

“No my lords! Forgive me!” Aragorn knew if they gagged him, he would not be allowed to put anything else in his mouth, and he so desperately wanted his precious Elf to pleasure himself there.

“Very well.” Legolas proceeded to clamp Aragorn’s nipples, flicking the weights as they were placed. Haldir stood behind the Prince and brought his hands around to caress and stroke the smooth-muscled, hairless chest, kissing the long alabaster neck and muscular shoulder. Legolas turned his head and pulled Haldir’s jaw until his mouth was next to his. The golden waterfall of his hair fell across Haldir’s shoulder and Aragorn watched them as they kissed, his body shivering with lust, making the weights attached to his nipples tremble and cause unbearable sensation.

Haldir ground his arousal against Legolas’ tight leather-clad buttocks and they both moaned in concert, the sound like beautiful music to the Man’s ears. Haldir’s hand roved downward across a flat, tense belly and slipped down into the waistband of the other Elf’s trousers, pulling upward on the bulge there, making Legolas squirm and whimper. Haldir removed his hand and Aragorn was then tormented by the sight of the crown of the Prince’s erection peeking from behind the laces like a shy maiden. Haldir stroked it with the tip of a forefinger, inciting the Prince to moan throatily and gyrate his hips in a most erotic manner. The Man threw back his head and swiveled his own hips, groaning in frustration.

“Estel!” Legolas barked. “Look at me!” Aragorn lifted his head immediately and looked at him, tears running down his cheeks. The Elf’s eyes softened. “Ah, so lovely,” he whispered, coming close and kissing the wetness. He briefly pressed his groin to the Man’s, inciting more whimpering and tears.

“Haldir,” Legolas breathed. Haldir moved to the table, but the Man’s eyes were on the Prince in front of him, so he didn’t see what his next torment would bring.

The Man’s body began to quake when Haldir brought over the lighted candle.

~~~

Arwen reclined on the couch, trembling with excruciating arousal. Lily’s sweet nude body was draped on top of her and she held the girl gently, stroking her curly hair and damp back as she wept softly into Arwen’s velvet-clad shoulder.

The lovely Elf was half in love with the child already. Never had she experienced such passionate submission in another. Arwen had used her hand, and when it got sore and tired, had used a leather paddle. Lily had moved so delightfully, wiggling her hips and thrusting her buttocks in the air, eager for more. The girl’s buttocks and thighs were a deep dusky rose, glowing in their loveliness. And the tears on the child’s sweet face moved something deep in Arwen. Several times did Lily climax under Arwen’s loving ministrations, and the Elf was well pleased.

“My Lady,” Lily whispered, turning her head to kiss the edge of the lovely pointed ear.

“Yes, child?”

“How did I displease you?”

Arwen moved to look at the girl in the eyes. “You did not displease me, my darling. In fact, I am very pleased.”

“B-but, you didn’t-–I mean, you have not allowed me to sate your body.”

Arwen laughed, the sound reminding Lily of pealing silver bells. She had not thought she could love another as much as she loved her Elf Lords, but this Lady could rival them.

“That is because your Masters have other plans for my fulfillment.”

“Ah.” Lily lay her head back down and was content. The commands of her Lords were to be obeyed by all, even by this radiant Lady. She had no doubt the King of Gondor himself would obey them.

There was a soft knock at the door. Lily moved as if to get up, but Arwen’s arms restrained her. “Come,” the Lady called.

Haldir poked his head in. He smiled at the sight of Lily’s reddened cheeks and Arwen’s pleased wink.

“My lady, all is in readiness for you.”

The females got up from the couch and Arwen took Lily’s hand. “I wish Lily to participate with us.”

Lily glowed with pleasure, but dared not even plead to her lord with her eyes, instead looked down at the Lady’s shapely feet that peeped from the hem of her robes.

Haldir chuckled. “Of course. As my lady wishes.”

Haldir led them back to Aragorn’s room of anguish. He opened the door, and with a courtly bow, invited them in.

To Arwen, the sight of her King, bound and spread-eagled, with rivulets of sweat and wax dripping down his exquisite muscled torso, his cheeks wet with tears, the power his enormous erection caged, was enough to make her feel faint with want. Haldir was there immediately to escort her to the wide padded bench set up for her. Lily knelt down next to her feet and took her hand.

“My love,” Arwen whispered to Aragorn. “You are looking well pleased.”

Aragorn’s pale eyes burned into hers and he shuddered. “I am, my lady, ” he answered, voice hoarse.

Haldir stood behind Arwen and reached around to unclasp her robes. Slowly he removed them, revealing her stunning loveliness to them all. Lily held her breath at the sight. The Lorien Elf then slid his hands slowly down her shoulders, thumbing her collar bones gently then reached down to cup her full breasts and rub her erect nipples back and forth with his thumbs. Arwen leaned her head back into Haldir’s stomach and closed her eyes, sighing.

“Childbirth has stolen none of your beauty, my lady,” Haldir whispered to her.

Indeed it had not. Even after choosing mortality, her Elvish body still retained it’s glorious suppleness and strength, youthful vitality and beauty, even after these long years.

Legolas had come to kneel before the Queen and removed her robes from the rest of her body until she sat completely nude. Haldir moved to sit straddled on the bench beside her, pulling her around so she lounged against his chest, supported by his cradling arms. Legolas took her by the calves and positioned her buttocks so they were at the end of the bench.

Haldir claimed her mouth in a breath-stealing kiss. Arwen moaned , her arms coming up above her head to wrap around his neck and allow him access to all her body.

Legolas untied his laces and spread the flies wide to free himself completely, but he did not remove the trousers. Lily reached a proprietary hand to lightly stroke his hard length and touch the incredibly soft golden curls at the base. Legolas took her hand away and kissed it gently. He gave her a slight jerk of the head, indicating she should move behind the bench so as to give Aragorn an unrestricted view of the proceedings.