Later that afternoon, Arthur lies in an exhausted sleep, but Kai is still wakeful, and not just because his head is aching from the mead. A tight knot of shame gnaws at the pit of his stomach. Two nights ago he told Arthur that his enemy was vanquished. Arthur himself said that Mark was a broken man. And by Arthur's account, Mark no longer threatens either Kai's body or his life.

So why is Kai still afraid to face him?

Arthur sleeps on, his breathing quiet and even. Kai sits with his head in his hands, hating himself for his weakness. Eventually he can bear it no longer. Time to take Llud's advice. If his shame is holding him back, he needs to conquer it; and he needs to do it now, before Arthur wakes and gives him some welcome excuse to delay. Resolutely he pulls on boots and cloak and slips quietly out of the hut, without even allowing himself a glance at the sleeping Arthur, lest he weaken and turn back. The yard is deserted; it seems very wide and bright after the gloom of the hut. The healers' door is standing ajar. Kai doesn't let himself stop to think; he simply opens it, and goes in.

The healers are not there. But sitting in a carven chair by the hearth, facing the door, is Mark.

Kai is frozen into stillness. Mark looks up, but Kai cannot meet his eyes.

'So… Arthur has sent you to view his handiwork.' Mark's voice is low and bitter.
Kai shakes his head; his mouth is dry. 'Arthur doesn't know I am here.'
'But you wanted to see for yourself. Mark of Cornwall, brought low. Punished and shamed and defeated. By Arthur.' He spits into the flames. 'By trickery.'

Kai takes a step forwards, towards the hearth. 'That is not why I came.'
But Mark is not listening.
'Proud of himself, is he?'
'You know as well as I do that he is not.' 
A sneer crosses Mark's bruised face. 'As well as you do? Hah. Probably better. I saw what happened to him when he stripped this cloak from my back this morning; I'll wager he didn't tell you the whole of it.' He nods as he sees the doubt on Kai's face. 'You think he bravely looked on my injuries and then gently and kindly replaced the cloak… No. He took one glance, turned milk-white, and had to stagger away and heave his guts out into the pail. He didn't tell you that, did he?'

Mutely, Kai shakes his head.
Mark snorts. 'I thought not.'

A silence falls between them.

Then Mark sighs, and drops his gaze. 'Our brave leader. On his knees and weak as a kitten. And it was I who had made him so... And no, I was not proud of myself either.' He is no longer sneering. 'When he took the whip to me, I thought you were just an excuse. He'd always reckoned that I needed cutting down to size, and he'd found a reason to do it. But this morning…' He trails to a halt.
'You saw that his hurt was real,' Kai says quietly.
Mark nods. 'It didn't make me like him any better. Still doesn't. But at least now we understand each other. And we need to work together against these cursed Saxons.'

'And Arthur saved your life,' Kai reminds him.
'Yes, and I hate him for that too. So very magnanimous, and so very Arthur. He can take full credit for it, knowing that I can't tell anyone how it really was. But you know and I know – he would have let me drown if you hadn't turned up.'
He looks up. 
'I should kill you for what you know.'
'If you were going to do that, you would have done it by now.' Kai's own calmness surprises him. 
'And I should kill you rather than let him have you.' 
Kai swallows hard. 'You know I would prefer to die than let you have me.'

He forces himself to look at Mark, challenging him; but Mark is now the one who looks away.
Kai realises that Arthur was telling him the truth.
This man cannot hurt him any more.

'I am Arthur's,' Kai says quietly. 'Body and heart. Always have been, always will be. I can do nothing to change that. And neither can you.'
He turns to leave the hut.

As he puts a hand on the doorpost, Mark says 'Kai.'

'What?'

'I'm – sorry.' He forces the words out between gritted teeth.

Kai turns slowly back to face him. 'An apology from Mark of Cornwall?' A slow smile spreads over his face. 'A rare gift… and costly, too.'

'Few men have ever received one.' There is the merest ghost of a smile amid the tangle of Mark's beard. 'Never mind two. But don't expect another one in a hurry.'

The smile fades as quickly as it came. 'The cost is too high.'