A Teasing Remote Control Show
bySande8192©

It was a warm Friday night in town and Simon and Ellie finally had the chance of a post-lockdown night out where they could get dressed up, have some drinks and even a bit of dancing if the mood took them. The 'dancing' kind of mood always took Ellie and she knew that she would definitely end up on the dancefloor at some point during the evening, maybe even a podium if the night went that well.

After spending far too long cooped up at home, both of them were in the mood to have a good night out and it showed in the way they were dressed. Ellie had picked out a nice short dress that had a shimmering black and gold pattern to it, with a nice hit of cleavage on show without being too overtly teasing. She has on some elegant black heels and as a treat for Simon when they got home, some very sexy black lace lingerie to treat him once her dress was off.

Simon had put in a lot of effort too with a quick workout before his shower and shave, and then getting dressed in his favourite designer shirt, shoes and jeans. He also had a little treat prepared to make sure it was a memorable night. Simon had a remote control vibrator he bought for Ellie as a treat and was looking forward to the time of the night when they were both relaxed and in the mood for a little extra fun.

They took a taxi into town and wandered along the main street to see what places looked lively. They found a decent looking bar that was already pretty busy so they went in and decided to start the night with a few cocktails at happy hour. The bar was pretty busy and there was a great atmosphere, although given the past few months that wasn't really surprising. It didn't take long for the place to get packed and people filling the dancefloor.

After a little while, and with the warm buzz from the strong cocktails, the lure of the dancefloor was too much for them and Simon and Ellie started dancing. Ellie looked amazing, her body moving perfectly in time with the music, with her moves getting quite a bit of attention. Simon was doing his best to keep up, but was just happy enjoying the sight of Ellie's fit body and watching the way it moved, giving little flashes of cleavage and her sexy legs as her dress moved as she danced.

As the bar got busier the dancefloor started to get a bit more crowded, with people getting closer, bodies touching and brushing each other with much greater frequency as people moved to the music. Simon and Ellie both felt touches as they danced with each other, whether it was by accident or design, the brief anonymous touches from strangers on the crowded dance floor was a bit of a tease.

Simon decided that it was time to give Ellie her surprise so he told her they should have a break and get another drink. Ellie didn't want to leave the dancefloor but agreed to a quick drink before plenty more dancing. They grabbed a couple of cocktails and stood by the dancefloor people watching for a bit. As Ellie was taking a sip of her drink Simon leant in closer and whispered "I have a treat for you that I have been saving all night". The excitement in Simon's voice caught Ellie's attention and she stopped watching the people on the dancefloor and looked at Simon.. "So what's my treat?" she asked in a coy voice but with a playful smile and look in her eye.

Simon#s pulse raced and he suddenly felt a bit nervous as he looked at Ellie wondering if she would enjoy the treat as much as he hoped. Simon downed his drink to calm the nerves and took the plunge as he said to Ellie "Remember the remote control vibrator we talked about, the one that works from my phone? Well I bought one for us to have some fun with tonight." Judging by the look on Ellie's face it was a complete surprise. Before she could say anything Simon told her to take it into the toilets and put it in. "I want to use the control to tease you and drive you crazy in the middle of the crowded dance floor."

Ellie was very surprised as this was certainly something she hadn't expected to be on the cards for tonight. But the idea was quite fun, the thrill of everyone being around but unaware of the sexy little secret they could be enjoying. To give her some encouragement, Simon opened his hand just enough to show Ellie a little glossy black remote control with a couple of buttons. Ellie thought about it a bit more, but after all the drinking and dancing she was in a playful mood. She looked at Simon as she reached across to grab the vibrator in her hand and hide it out of sight before turning on her heels and walking towards the toilets.

It felt like forever as Simon sat there waiting for Ellie to come back so to stop himself getting too carried away thinking what might happen he grabbed a couple more drinks from the bar. Simon watched Ellie approaching, wondering if she had gone through with it or was just winding him up. She sat back down and with a feisty look in her eye asked "well aren't you going to give me a treat then sexy?" Simon felt his cock twitch in anticipation and his fingers were shaking as he hit the "On" switch on the remote. Immediately Ellie felt the toy buzzing against her clit and pussy. She couldn't help but react, squirming in her seat and eyes losing their focus briefly showing her concentration was elsewhere.

Simon was so turned on watching his sweet sexy girlfriend sitting there in the middle of a crowded bar with loads of people around, but knowing she has a vibrator teasing her clit and pussy. "It's got a few settings for different kinds of fun. A nice steady tease that you are enjoying now, a medium and high power and then the highest setting has some high power pulses and treats." Ellie looks at Simon and breathlessly says "I think low power is fine for now, anything too powerful and i think I would struggle to keep myself composed and it would be very obvious." Simon turned the toy back off to give Ellie a break while they had their drink.

As they sat there and chatted, Simon couldn't resist the urge to flick the toy on and give Ellie a tease, usually when someone was standing nearby or Ellie was grabbing her drink. Making sure Ellie had to work hard to keep her desire and moans under control. After a little too much teasing Ellie had decided enough was enough. She grabbed her drink and downed, she winked at Simon with a very sexy smile and said "Are you going to join me on the dancefloor then?" Without waiting for the answer she headed off to join the crowd of people dancing with her tight ass swaying very seductively as she walked away.

Simon decided to take his time and see how much fun he could enjoy sitting there enjoying his drink and watching the show. He watched Ellie dancing, his focus on her face as he flicked the toy on the low power setting. His cock started to get hard as he saw Ellie's mouth open in a silent O as she danced, letting him know she was enjoying herself. Simon had to adjust himself otherwise his excitement would be a lot more obvious than Ellie's.

Ellie was feeling very wicked and turned on. She was enjoying the music, the dance floor was packed and everyone was moving with the music. But Ellie knew she was the only one who was "really" enjoying the dancing as the toy was buzzing nicely against her clit and just inside her pussy. She could feel herself getting wet and very turned on. Ellie was experimenting, seeing how her dancing affected the sensations and pleasure and was too busy to notice the guy dancing close by who was watching her.

Ellie's reverie was broken when the guy leaned in and spoke to Ellie, his mouth close to her ears to be heard above the sound of the music "This is making for a hell of a post lockdown party, this place is packed and it looks like you are certainly enjoying yourself and making up for lost time tonight". With the toy still buzzing away and giving her a lot to think about Ellie couldn't get her words out to respond. Taking the lack of response as an invitation to proceed he introduced himself "I am Leon, nice to meet you, what's your name?". "I am Ellie, nice to meet you".

Simon was watching as this all unfolded and he saw the guy lean in close and realised he was speaking to Ellie. To be kind he flicked the toy off, giving Ellie some time to regain her composure as she looked a little shocked when the guy started speaking to her. Simon thought to himself how shocked the guy would probably be if he knew what Ellie was up to right now as they spoke. It looks like they were chatting a bit more, with both of them leaning in to make themselves heard above the sound of the music and Ellie probably relieved that she only had the conversation to deal with. Simon couldn't resist having a bit more fun. He waited until Ellie was leant in close to the guy and then flicked the toy back on, but this time putting it at medium power to see how Ellie could handle that.

Leon was surprised when Ellie stopped speaking mid-sentence and despite the noise from the music he could have sworn he heard her moan in his ear. Deciding to go for it, he put his hands on her hips and pulled her dance close to him so their hips were against each other and their bodies were grinding together as they danced. Ellie was struggling, the sensations from the toy were turning her on like crazy, and the feeling of Leon's body against her as they danced was only adding to the excitement. She glanced at Simon and saw the wicked grin on his face and knew he was doing this on purpose to tease her but she couldn't deny it felt good.

Leon couldn't believe his luck as he felt Ellie press against him on the dancefloor. He thought she looked stunning and sexy when he watched her dance, but the way she moved against his body was a whole different level of excitement. His body responded in the predictable way, with his cock getting hard, and then Ellie's movements pressing against him only heightening the pleasure until his dick was rock hard and rubbing against Ellie as they danced.

Simon couldn't take his eyes off the events as they unfolded on the dancefloor. The knowledge Ellie had the toy inside her, teasing her pussy and clit while the stranger on the dancefloor had no idea was such a turn on. Simon watched as they danced, their bodies pressed together, his hands on her hips, moving over her body, even sliding round to cup her ass. The tease was too much for Simon and he decided it was his turn to have some fun as he finished his drink before heading out on to the dancefloor to join Ellie, but not before he flicked the toy up to high power.

Ellie's legs almost buckled as the toy was turned up. She slumped more against Leon, her tits pressing against him as he pulled her closer and enjoyed her tight body. He was just about to lean in and kiss her when he felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned round to see Simon who leant in and said "Do you mind if I cut in here? Thanks for looking after my girlfriend while I had a drink, I think it's my turn to dance with her now." Leon was unsure what to do and looked at Ellie. "Thanks for the dance" she said, feeling a little guilty teasing him and leaving him like this, but she wanted Simon so badly right now.

Simon pulled Ellie close, kissing her hard, his tongue met hers as their bodies pressed together. Ellie moaned loudly in his mouth, all the pent up excitement and desire released now she could really enjoy herself. Simon grabbed Ellie's his, pulling her against him so she could feel his hard cock and know how turned on he was. Ellie looked over Simon's shoulder and saw Leon watching them, a look of surprise and lust on his face as he stood there enjoying the show. Simon kissed her neck and whispered in her ear Simon telling her how wanton and sultry she looked and how turned on he was watching her being a bad girl.

Simon pushed the final button on the remote and Ellie saw stars. All she could do was put her arms around Simon's neck and hold on for dear life as the toy pushed her over the edge and a powerful and intense orgasm ripped through her body. The toy was going crazy, pulsing inside her pussy and buzzing intensely against her clit until she came. It felt so intense and wicked to be cumming when she was surrounded by so many people on the dance floor. Ellie loved being a bad girl with Simon. The noise of the music drowned the sounds of her pleasure as she moaned loudly and squealed. She pushed her hips hard against Simon, grinding them against his hard cock, wanting him to know the pleasure she was experiencing.

Simon turned the toy off and kissed Ellie passionately as she slowly came down from her high. The teasing aftershocks of pleasure hitting her body as she held on to Simon and savoured the sensation of being so intimately connected and having shared such an incredible experience. Simon looked deep into Ellie's eyes and told her how much he loved her before telling her it was time to go home where they could really enjoy themselves. Holding her hand he led Ellie off the dance floor. As they passed Leon who was still watching them Ellie gave him a very wicked smile and said "We hope you enjoyed the show, thanks for joining in our naughty fun".
 