Meeting husband
bytoydisher10©

Meeting husband Day 01

I settled into my new job working along side Maria. It is such a pleasure working with people that respect you and your boundaries. No crude language, no stares, no one standing behind you trying to look down your top, just do your job and everyone is happy. The only exception was when I had to walk the factory floor to deliver mail to another office. I had to look straight ahead as the guys liked to do a little cat calling. I didn't know why, as I always dressed very conservatively, but I would find out after I met my husband.

I've been here two years now, had dates, but nothing that amounted to anything more than a short fling. I never went back to the strip club, I wanted that part of my life to be history. I was still working on my house, so I really didn't have the time or energy to date. It takes a long time when you work and are trying to do as much of the finishing yourself as possible.

There was a yearly two week shutdown coming up and I was assigned to an inventory group with Maria. Maria asked me to drive to her house and ride with her to work. Then we would go to a local bar/restaurant, as a group from our area was stopping there. Her husband was to meet us there after he got out of work. Friday came and during inventory we were allowed to dress casually. I wore pants and a casual turtleneck top. When your area was cleared you could leave. We had two hard working hourlies with us and we were done by noon.

There was a wall separating the bar and eating area that gave about six feet of space. We gathered at one end of the bar facing each other.

The drinks were flowing and all were laughing and having a great time enjoying each others company.

About two hours into the festivities a man put his hand on my knee and asked if I could let him through. I didn't realize I had blocked the walkway. I said I was sorry and turned to let him pass. When he returned he started talking to a couple of the men I was with. They asked him to join us and he did. Bob introduced Jim to us as an hourly he could always rely on when he needed a favor.

The group thinned down as some left to go home leaving a stool next to me that Jim could sit on. We talked as a group then all my coworkers left except Maria. We decided to move to a table in the eating area as it would be more comfortable and easier to talk. We asked Jim if he wanted to join us as we waited for Maria's husband. To my delight, as I liked him, he accepted with a smile.

We talked about our lives and Jim said he had just received his divorce papers.

I was happy to hear that, as we hadn't discussed our living situations and he wasn't wearing a ring. I said I was too busy working on finishing my house to have gotten married. Jim told us he had been killing time helping his sister and brother-in-law paint walls and stain the woodwork in the house they just had built when they moved back to the area.

I just blurted out without thinking, "why don't you come and help me paint and stain?" I didn't even know where he lived.

Jim asked where I lived and when I told him he said he lived in the next town and he would be happy to lend me a hand. I didn't know what to say but luckily Maria's husband arrived.

We introduced Jim to Gary. Gary said he was starved and wanted to go down the street to their favorite watering hole. We got up and Gary asked Jim if he wanted to join them. Jim accepted the invite, I was glad it came from Gary. As we were leaving Maria told me to ride with Jim. I was hesitant and Jim sensed it saying," Come on, I won't bite."

My ride with Jim was uneventful, he didn't make any attempt to touch me at all. I thought maybe he wasn't attracted to me, after all, he hadn't dated in months.

We arrived and to my surprise, Jim actually came around and opened my door. I hadn't had a date do that before. I knew then that this was going to be a different kind of night.

The mood for dinner was light hearted and we enjoyed each others company. I could tell Maria liked Jim as he made her laugh easily.

It was late and Jim drove me to Maria's house to get my car. Again, no physical contact. We stayed at their house for a night cap and I decided I needed to get bolder. I took Jim's hand and asked him if he would like to follow me to my house. I explained he could check out what needed to be done and decide if he really wanted to get involved. I really didn't mean the work! He readily said that would be great. Made me happy!

He walked me to my car, opened the door and gave me a light kiss on my lips.

My drive home was full of anticipation.

We entered my house and Jim immediately turned me around and looked deeply into my eyes with a big smile on his face. He said, "You really didn't invite me here to look at the work, did you?"

I did but I also wanted a chance to talk to you a bit more by ourselves.

We walked around the house and I told Jim what my plans were for each room that wasn't finished. It didn't take long as there were only three rooms not completed.

After the tour I asked Jim if he would like a drink and wanted to sit and talk a little. He smiled and said sure but I can't stay long as I have a meeting in the morning. I told him I had the electrician coming early to install the heater now that I've painted the walls in here.

I told him to have a seat and I'll get our drinks. I came back and he had seated himself at the end of my sofa. I sat next to him but not too close. I didn't want him to think I was invading his space. We talked and I refilled our drinks, each time sitting a little closer. We seemed to really hit it off. He was extremely witty and made me laugh. Something I hadn't done much of lately.

When I came back with the next drink I sat very close to him and he put his arm over my shoulder. We looked at each other and embraced in a very deep kiss. It was like fireworks going off for me. No one had ever made me feel that way. Soon we were laying next to each, other making out like a couple teen agers. I know this sounds strange, but I believe I fell in love with him right then.

It was getting late and I knew if something was going to happen I had to make a move. He had not touched me sexually at all but I could feel the bulge in his pants pressing against me. It was the middle of the summer and was quite warm. I didn't have AC so I asked Jim if he minded if I opened a window to let some cool air in. He agreed it was rather warm. I got up, walked to the window and opened it. I turned around to see Jim looking at me and I removed my top and bra. His reaction was priceless, what a smile. I wasn't wasting any time and removed my pants and panties exposing my trimmed, very wet pussy.

Before I returned to the couch Jim had removed his clothes. His cock was at attention, not too big or too small. I knelt in front of him, taking his member into my mouth. He moaned very softly as I sucked on his shaft.

I didn't want him to cum in my mouth, I wanted to feel the warmth in my pussy. I laid him back on the couch, after getting a sheet, And lowered myself onto his shaft. We humped wildly and soon we both came. It was a wonderful feeling as he pumped me full of his manhood. I collapsed on top of him feeling his cock slowly go flaccid and slide out as I squeezed him with my pussy, my naked chest against his.

We laid like that for awhile then Jim said he hated to but really needed to go home. I walked him to the door, still nude, and told him not to forget dinner tomorrow. He bent over and sucked my nipples telling me he would be here at 5.

I moved back to the living room and stood in the window, making sure he could see my naked body as he left. I didn't care if my neighbors could see me.

I returned to the couch and laid down on the still warm sheet, thinking about what had just happened. As I closed my eyes I played with my nipples, thinking about how Jim had just sucked on them. I needed to shower and go to bed but I thought I would just lay there a little longer and enjoy myself, then clean up.

I awoke to a touch on my shoulder. I had fallen asleep nude on the couch. The electrician, who had a key to my house so he could work when I wasn't there, was standing over me. There was also a man I had never seen before with him to help. I grabbed the sheet and tried to wrap up in it but I was laying on it so I had to stand up, completely nude, to try and cover up.

He said he was sorry but had called out to see if I was home and got no reply.

He said he'd come back if I wanted them to leave.

I told him no, it was ok. I said I knew you were coming this morning and it was my fault you saw me this way. My nipple was still partially exposed as I hadn't covered myself very well in my rush to cover up and the other man was starring at me. I went to the bathroom to shower and looked in the mirror and noticed my pussy was still exposed. No wonder the guy was starring!

As I showered I couldn't help but wonder how long they were looking at me, laying there naked.


Meeting husband Day 02

The day had started out really bad and I was hoping it would get better. It wouldn't! At least not at first.

I heard the other contractors arriving and soon there was giggling. I knew what they were giggling about. I finished my shower and toweled off. As I always did, I dropped my towel down the laundry chute. I had already dropped the sheet down before I showered.

Then to my horror, I turned around and remembered I didn't have any clothes in the bathroom. Friday night was my laundry day so I also had no clean towels, as we all know what happened on Friday night.

I stood there naked, wondering what to do. I had been a topless dancer for several months when I couldn't find a job. A lot of men saw my tits and ass but they weren't working at my house. Even though I teased them by not wearing a bra around them, being naked was not the same.

I decided my only recourse was to cover my pussy with one hand and my tits, as best I could, with the other arm and hand. My ass would be completely exposed during my dash down the hallway. My bedroom was as far away as it could be at the other end of the hallway. There were two men hanging my closet doors that morning so I knew that they would see me nude until I could grab my robe on my bed and put it on.

I didn't know where all the men were working. As luck would have it, as I emerged out of my bathroom to make a dash down the hallway, one of the men was sitting on the floor, working and took up most of the space. As I was going by him I stumbled over a cord and reached out to keep myself from falling, straddling him in the process. My exposed pussy ended up being planted right in his face! All I heard him say was, "Oh shit". I'm not sure, but I swear he tongued me. I hurried to my room, knowing that I was completely exposed to the men.

I asked the men in my room to step out so I could get dressed. They did and I got dressed and went to the store to get dinner preparations for Jim.

I took my time, hoping the men who saw me naked had left. It was very embarrassing to say the least. Not only being nude and not knowing how long the electrician and his helper had watched me but I had just planted my pussy on somebody's face. What a story he had to tell his friends! I knew I had caused it all myself but that didn't help how I felt.

I returned home to fix dinner and the men had left.

I fixed pork steak, mashed potatoes and Harvard beets. Jim had said that was his favorite meal. I had a bottle of wine chilling to consume with our dinner.

I changed into a semi sheer tank top with a sexy bra under it, lace panties and short shorts that would show my butt cheeks when I bent over. No hints there, right!

I had planned for dinner to be ready at 5:10. Just before 5 Jim pulled in my driveway. I went to the door and opened it. There was a short step up, so I was higher than Jim, I wanted to see how he reacted to my outfit. His smile said it all. You look great is all he said, but that was enough. I bent over to kiss him and he put his hands on my butt and felt the soft skin of my ass, below my shorts.

Dinner was good, Jim seemed to enjoy it, commenting about it being his favorite meal. We chatted during dinner, not about much, just idle chit chat. Jim asked if I'd like to go for a walk on the beach after we ate. I agreed as I walked our local beach often.

On the way to the beach Jim said he walked it often and would lay out to catch some rays, as it wasn't busy. There was no sand at all, it was rocky, even out in the water. Boats would keep a safe distance as there were large boulders lurking in the water. As we walked along there were some people laying in the evening sun. The beach only had about six feet of space to walk, some places you had to walk in the water.

Walking past the men I knew they could see up my loose, short, shorts. I never cared as they usually just looked, sometimes one would say something like, "wow, nice ass," I just took it as a compliment and kept walking.

We walked to the end of the beach in a secluded cove and found a nice rock to sit on. Jim looked at me and said, "you know, the guys were able to see up your shorts as we walked past them."

I told him they always look up trying to see what they can but I don't usually wear sexy panties. I just ignore them, I wore these for you. I guess they were able to see a little more than normal this time.

Jim said, "I remember when I'd see you, I was one of those guys looking up, wishing you would someday forget to wear your underwear."

How many times did you see me out here?

Many, Jim said. You were definitely the talk on the beach when you showed up to walk.

We were in a little secluded cove so the people up the beach couldn't see us.

Jim had slid his hand up my leg and was playing with my pussy. I stood up, looked around and when I didn't see anyone, I dropped my shorts to the ground and removed my panties. Is this what you guys were hoping to see?

Sure is.

I sat in front of him, facing the bluff so no boaters could see me. Jim started performing oral sex on me, I laid my head back and closed my eyes, enjoying his tongue probe my vagina with expertise. I came after about ten minutes I let my legs rest to the side, wide open, feeling the lake breeze and my juices running down my ass onto the rock.

I opened my eyes and looked up to see a man on the trail above the beach, starring down with his cock out, jacking off. I immediately started fingering my pussy, the guy knew I had spotted him. I waved and he waved back still pumping his cock. I told Jim he was up there and what he was doing. I wondered if the electrician and his helper had done the same this morning. I hadn't checked for wet spots on the floor.

Jim asked if I wanted to leave. I said, "ok, but I want to watch him finish first," I asked Jim "Do I have to put my panties back on when we leave or would you like to put them in your pocket? That is what all you guys wanted." He immediately picked them up and put them in his pocket saying, "you know, the guys will be able to see your pussy as we walk by them."

I watched him finish, I could see his cum squirting out of his cock. He put his cock back in his pants and left.

I was putting my shorts back on and Jim asked, "Are you sure you don't want to wear your panties?"

I said, "As long as you don't mind, I've thought about not wearing them for a long time when I come for my walk. I just never had anyone with me to protect me."

Jim was grinning ear to ear as I walked in front of him, both of us knowing my pussy was on display. One of the regular guys I see when I walk said, "It's about time," as we walked by. I stopped, standing over his head and pulled my shorts to the side, completely exposing my pussy to him, saying "is this what you meant?" He smiled and just said "Oh yea."

We returned to his car and Jim opened my door and as he did I said," I'm glad you don't mind me showing off, I love to see the expressions on strange men's faces when they see me looking sexy."

Jim said, "As long as you like it, I find it exciting."

It only takes about ten minutes to get back to my house and as we rode, I mulled over in my head whether to tell Jim what had happened that morning. I decided I had to tell him, I didn't want him finding out about it from the workers. They were coming back the next morning and I was hoping Jim would still be there.

We sat on the couch, just as we had the previous night and I poured us a glass of wine. This time I sat close to him though.

Jim, remember last night when you were leaving, I stood in the window naked to wave goodbye. He said," how could I forget." Well, I decided to lay back down on the couch, still nude, to think about our night and the feeling of you touching me, kissing me and coming in me, I closed my eyes for just a second. I woke up naked with the electrician tapping me on my shoulder and his helper, who I had never seen before, staring at me.

Jim asked me what I did.

I got up and tried to quickly wrap myself in the sheet, but in my haste I only partially covered myself. I then ran to the bathroom to shower. I made the mistake of putting my sheet and then my towel down my laundry chute. I had forgotten I had nothing to cover up with. I put one hand over my pussy and covered my tits as best I could with the other. I then made a dash for the bedroom but I tripped over a cord. I had to reach out to keep from falling and doing so I straddled the guy working in the hallway, I ended up having my pussy right in his face. I think I felt him tongue me.

Jim chuckled and said, "I wish I could have seen that."

I didn't know whether to be mad or relieved he wasn't upset at my carelessness.

He saw the puzzled look on my face and said, "Look, we've only known each other two days, I'm not your husband or even your boyfriend, even though I'd like to be. I've watched you pass by the line for months, never looking at us. We always know when you're coming as you sound like one of those clydesdale horses when you walk. They gave you the nickname, bouncy boobs because your tits always bounced a lot as you hurried by."

I told Jim, I had no idea my tits bounced like that, I always wear the most firm support bra I can find. I also hate having to wear high heels.

Jim said, "If you'd slow down you wouldn't make so much noise and your tits wouldn't bounce so much."

I said, "You've been watching me walk by for months and did I hear you right, you want to be my boyfriend?"

Jim replied, "Yes, on both counts."

All I said was why don't you plan on spending the night here, I need to know if you snore! As I let out a giggle.

It was about 8 o'clock and Jim asked if I would like to go for a drink at the bar he mostly went to. I said sure, what should I wear. Just wear what you have on, but lose the bra if you want. I said, "but this tank is quite see through in the right light."

Jim smiled and said I know. I said great, I hate wearing a bra as I removed my top and bra. I put my tank back on and Jim said, "God you look great!"

I knew that no matter what the light was you would be able to see my nipples quite easily. I really wanted to please Jim and I liked showing my tits off to strangers.

We entered the bar and it was a constant stream of guys saying hi and wanting to meet Jim's date, looking at my chest instead of my eyes.

We ordered drinks and Jim asked if I'd like to play some pool. I always enjoyed playing, even though I wasn't any good at it. You put a quarter on the table and the winner played the person with the next quarter. I won the game, actually Jim lost as he scratched on the 8 ball. I proceeded to win a lot of games, I knew they were letting me win so they could look down my top when I was taking a shot. I was fully aware they could see my naked tits when I bent over as my top hung loosely.

A guy finally decided to end his friends and my winning streak and beat me. Too bad, no more show for them. They had to settle for a see through show, nice, but not the same.

The interior of the bar was shaped like an L. Jim and I decided to grab a table near the rear part of the L where it would be a little quieter and more private.

Five of Jim's friends came and sat with us. I'm sure it was to talk with Jim and no other reason! The alcohol was flowing freely. I would no sooner finish a drink and another was set in front of me. I'm not sure but I think they were trying to get me drunk. They didn't know I knew how to pace my intake and I could also hold my liquor with the best of them. Also, and very important, I had Jim introduce me to the bartender when we first arrived and went to the bar to get our first drink. I asked him to short shot my drinks all night. He winked and said he understood.

They, on the other hand were all getting a little tipsy, including Jim. One in particular was very nice when Jim introduced him but as he drank he became rather crude. Having been a dancer I knew how to handle his type. Keep a distance and watch out for his hands.

Even though I was drinking weak drinks, the booze was starting to work on me. The juke box was playing and Pete, one of the guys Jim told me he played cards with asked me to dance with him, if it was alright with Jim. Jim said he was fine with it. I like to dance so I said yes. It was a fast song and as we danced we were close together because there wasn't a lot of room. Pete's hands would occasionally brush my tits as we danced. I just figured it was because we were forced to dance almost on top of each other because of the space. The music stopped and a slow song started, I turned to sit down but Pete took my arm and said lets dance. He pulled me in close to him and I felt his hands move to my ass, giving my cheeks a little squeeze. I said please don't and he moved his hands up to my back. When the song ended and I was turning away his hand ran across my tit giving it a little squeeze. I knew now the previous brushes were no accident.

Closing time and we were kicked out. I gave each of the guys a kiss and hug when we left.

I drove home as Jim was in no condition to get behind the wheel. I parked his car in my garage as I didn't want my parents to know he was spending the night. They drove by my house every morning to get breakfast.

We went straight to my bedroom and I helped Jim get undressed and into my bed. I knew he was in no shape to perform! I undressed and climbed in next to him. I always sleep in the nude.

I rested my head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat, wondering if it was beating for me now. I was resting my naked body against him and kissed him lightly on the cheek whispering, "I love you." He immediately turned his head and said, "well, I love you too." We both quickly fell asleep.


Meeting husband Day 03

The morning started early as I had to back Jim's car out of the garage before the crew showed up for work. Jim was cooking us breakfast, another one of his talents. As I was headed back in the house the electrician arrived with his young helper. He said again he was sorry for the previous morning. He introduced me to his young helper, Thomas, as an apprentice from the nearby trade school saying in all the confusion yesterday he forgot. I could still picture them starring at my naked body laying on the couch.

Jim asked them if they would like to join us for breakfast. It smelled delicious, crispy bacon, eggs over easy, coffee and toast. They joined us and we just talked about the house being almost finished. Then Jim asked them, "Is this better than yesterdays breakfast?" I thought all three of us were going to gag. Then Jim said, "Don't worry, shit happens. That broke the tension and everyone seemed more relaxed. We finished breakfast and they went back to work.

It was a hot, sunny day. Jim asked me if I wanted to take a walk on the beach before we started painting the spare bedroom. I asked him, "What Shouldn't I wear!" Wear whatever you want, I'm sure I'll be fine with whatever you choose.

I had an outfit that had really short shorts with a matching crop top, that when I only buttoned the top three buttons, would easily blow up and expose my tits with just the slightest breeze and today it was kind of windy!

I checked out where Thomas was and decided I needed to give him a last look. I positioned myself in front of him and dropped my keys. Checking to see if he was looking, I bent over at the waist to pick them up giving him not only a great view of my hanging tits but also a great view of my ass.

We got in the car and Jim said, "I noticed you gave young Thomas a very nice show before we left. I bet you'd like to fuck him."

I said, "I don't know, I guess I'd have to examine his cock first!"

I think if you asked him he'd be glad to let you "examine" him!

I think I would examine him with my mouth. That way I would get a full measure of him.

I'm sure he would love getting measured that way.

I wasn't really sure if Jim was kidding with me or if he actually wouldn't mind if I gave Thomas a blow job. I know I'd love to. I love a cock exploding in my mouth after feeling it grow, tense up and then spasm, filling my mouth with cum and swallowing all of it.

We got to the beach and there was a beautiful on shore breeze. As I got out of the car I spread my legs apart as far as I could to stretch out my shorts for better viewing. I had decided I would leave the panties at home today. Jim took my hand and we walked down to the beach. It was a gorgeous day and the shore closest to the parking area was full of families. I had to be very careful not to let my top blow up and let Jim walk by closest to the people so no one could see up my shorts.

Once we passed the families and entered the sparsely used part of the beach, people just didn't want to walk that far, Jim and I switched places and I let the breeze do it's thing with my top. I felt my nipples getting hard as the cool lake breeze passed over my mostly exposed breasts with my top brushing against them so gently.

I felt empowered as I had never let my tits be so exposed in the past while walking the beach.

We rounded the corner of the secluded cove, finding no one there, we found our rock seat, washed clean by the lake.

I looked around, including above on the bluff, seeing no one, but wishing I did, I stripped naked. Jim pulled me into him and started kissing me and fondling my naked tits. He just started sucking on my hard nipples when a voice rang out from the side. Hey Jim. It was Pete with a half empty bottle of wine, you guys want a drink? I saw you far ahead of me and I thought you might want some wine.

Pete walked over to us, me naked, and reached out to feel my tit. Jim pushed his hand aside and told him not to touch without asking. If she wants you to feel her up, she'll tell you.

I was surprised that Jim basically just told Pete, and me, it was ok with him if Pete felt me up if I wanted him to. I guess that meant he was also ok about Thomas.

Go ahead Pete, if Jim doesn't mind, neither do I. I really like having my tits fondled by a man.

Pete's hands immediately started playing with my breasts then one hand went for my pussy, inserting his finger, Jim hadn't even touched me there today. I looked over at Jim and he had a big smile on his face. I said, "Jim do you want me to fuck him?"

Jim replied," Yes, but I want to watch you suck him first." I couldn't believe what I just heard, so I told Pete to strip.

With that, Pete pulled down his pants. He had a nice looking cock and I quickly took it into my mouth. He was soon rigid as I sucked him tasting his precum. I stopped and asked Jim if he wanted me to suck him off or fuck him.

Jim asked Pete what he wanted and he said I want to fuck her. I laid on the rock and spread my legs so Pete could enter me, his cock went in easily as I was very wet. As Pete pumped my pussy, Jim dropped his shorts, his cock already erect and put it in my mouth. I was in my glory as I sucked Jim and felt Pete pumping my vagina like a mad man.

All of a sudden Pete tensed and I could feel his cock pulsing inside me, the warmth of his cum filling my pussy, he came and came till his juices were running out and down across my asshole onto the rock. Pete pulled out and Jim put his cock in me, rocking back and forth. Then, to my surprise, I felt Jim inserting his finger into my ass. He had no problem as I was well lubricated by Pete's massive amount of cum. As he fingered my ass and fucked my pussy I could feel myself about to orgasm. With a muffled scream, I came, my juices mixing with Pete's.

Jim pulled out and told me to roll over and put my ass in the air. I had never been fucked in my ass before but I knew I was about to be. I told Jim I had never done anal. He told me to just relax, that he would be gentle and take his time. I saw Pete out of the corner of my eye, stroking his cock, becoming erect. Jim was fingering my pussy as he slowly inserted the head of his cock into my ass. It felt so good and I was able to take him without pain. Jim was slowly pumping my ass with his cock when Pete sat in front of me and put his now hard cock to my mouth. I opened up and Pete let his cock slide between my lips.

I sucked his cock as Jim fucked my ass, now with more force. I was going to come again when Pete and Jim both shot their loads into me making my orgasm that much better. Pete came so much I wasn't able to swallow it all, not that I wasn't trying.

We were all exhausted. I had cum running out of every hole. I needed to clean up before getting dressed. I told them I would clean up in the water. As I reached the shore I caught a movement to my right. I turned to look and saw three men running away. There was no way to know how long they were watching. What they didn't know was I didn't care. They could have stayed and watch me bathe.

I rejoined Jim and Pete, telling them that we had been watched. They asked me if I was ok. I told Jim and Pete, "if they hadn't been in such a hurry I would have sucked them off to." We all chuckled.

When I was dry enough to put my clothes back on we headed back to Jim's car, Pete in tow. Like before my top just would not stay down! As we approached a guy I recognized him as one of the watchers. I stood directly over his head so he could see up my shorts with a great view of my naked pussy. I said, "If you hadn't run away I would have blown you also!"

We reached the parking area and we went our separate ways. Jim and I headed back to my house. We had been gone about three hours and I wondered if the electrician was still there with his young apprentice. Actually, I was hoping he would be there.

When we arrived, I noticed Thomas's car in the driveway but not the electricians truck. I assumed they left his car parked there and went to another job.

We entered the house and I took my wet, dirty clothes off at the door. I was planning on painting in the nude while Jim watched. I told Jim I was going to put my dirty stuff down the laundry chute in the bathroom. I entered the bathroom just in time to see Thomas jacking off on what appeared to be a polaroid picture. He didn't hear me or see me as his eyes were closed and he was concentrating on jacking off. I cleared my throat and he about jumped out of his skin. He tripped on his pants and fell to the floor, looking up at my naked body, his cock hard, pointing up at me. I looked at the picture and it was me, laying naked on the couch as I slept. I demanded, "What's this Thomas?"

Thomas said John, the electrician had taken pictures of me before waking me up. Well, how many did he take? Thomas said he only took five as that's all the film he had and he gave me one.

What did he do with the others?

He has them in his truck on his visor and has been looking at them.

Is John coming back today?

Yes, he should be here in about an hour.

Stand up.

Thomas stood and reached down to pull his pants up. Not so fast, I said as I took his cock in my hand and got to my knees. I think you'll like this much better than your hand. I could see the look on his face of surprise as I took his cock into my mouth.

I stroked and sucked his cock with skill. He came quickly, filling my mouth with his cum. After swallowing I asked him if this was his first blow job. He said it was.

I just said, "Well, I hope you enjoyed it and I hope to see your cock again."

Just then, Jim walked in. He took one look at us and said, "Well, I see his cock met your expectations."

Yes, it's very nice. Just look at this, as I showed Jim the polaroid. Thomas told me John has four more.

Jim asked what I was going to do.

I said, "I'm going to get the other pictures, my key and fire John, after I give him a piece of my mind.

Thomas was just standing there, not saying a word after he pulled his pants up.

I took a quick shower and got dressed, that was the end of my naked painting, at least for now.

John arrived and I met him at the door holding the picture behind my back. "John, I said, just how long did you watch me before waking me up?"

Not long he said.

I pulled the pic from behind my back and said, "apparently you waited long enough to take a few pictures! Now go get the ones in your truck.

He came back, red faced, with the other pictures. I said, "If you woke me with your camera in hand and asked if you could take pictures of me nude I would have let you, as you already had seen me naked."

Give me my key and leave. By the way, I'd better not get a bill, I'll be keeping these pics if you do.

I told Thomas when he came out, tell your school the truth about John. If you need them to call me here's my number. You can call me anytime or if you're in the neighbor hood you can stop in if you want.

I got naked for Jim and we went to work painting. We spent every day together and we grew closer and closer. We met each others parents and they seemed to like our choice in mates.

We still walked the beach, me without panties or bra, letting the guys enjoy the view. We talked and decided there would be no more sexual activity on our walks. We agreed you never know when a family might decide to walk a little further than they normally do. We had already been caught by adult men.

The time went fast and soon it would be time to return to work. Sunday night before we went back to work, Jim made what seemed like, extra passionate love to me. When we finished our torrid love making, Jim asked, "Where do you want to go on our honeymoon?"

All I said was, "Someplace warm with a sandy beach."


4