Story: Coming Clean With Cassie (oral, mouth soaping, MF)

I didn't always like oral sex.  Don't get me wrong - I like to eat 
pussy, and the ladies tell me that I'm really good at it.  What I 
mean is that I wasn't much turned on by a blow job.  It felt good, 
yes, but it wasn't something that would float my boat, so to speak.

Until I met my girlfriend Cassie.

The way Cassie does it just drives me wild.  One thing that helps is 
that Cassie has braces on her teeth.  I have always thought braces 
were sexy.  The other thing is that she doesn't just jump right in 
and expect me to cum in ten seconds.  She varies her technique quite 
a bit, always looking for new ways to get a rise out of me.

Typically she'll lightly run her fingers all around my testicles and 
my erection.  She will tease and prod and manipulate with her hands 
and fingers. Only when I'm rock hard will she take me in her mouth.  
I love the slurpy noises she makes.  She will very messily work up 
copious amounts of dribble as she uses her whole mouth to stimulate 
me.  Some of the dribble oozes from her mouth around her lips and 
drips down her chin.  She frequently pulls out and away from me for a 
moment to "come up for air", with a sticky string of liquid intact 
from the inside of her mouth to my raging hardon.  After a few 
repetitions of this I often can't hold back and will spurt copiously 
in her mouth while she lets it all run out.

I remember one time very vividly.  Cassie had teased me for quite 
some time, and the dribble was oozing out of her mouth.  Then she 
slowly plunged forward all the way until the tip of my erection was 
well into her throat.  She smiled, with me all the way in her.  That 
was all it took.  I ejaculated profusely.  She had to fight the gag 
reflex while I pulsed and spurted into her.

Recently Cassie has become rather foul-mouthed.  I normally don't 
care, but sometimes it really gets on my nerves.  The other day 
Cassie kept on with the profanity after I asked her not to.  I think 
she was pushing me to see what her limits were, and she kept on after 
I warned her that I'd wash her mouth out with soap if she kept it up. 
 Perhaps Cassie thought it was just a figure of speech.  Anyway, I 
told her "That's it!  You are getting a much overdue mouth soaping!"

I took Cassie by the hand and led her to the kitchen.  Then I got a 
medium sized plastic bowl out and retrieved a bar of Ivory soap.  As 
I put some water into the bowl I told Cassie to get one of the 
kitchen chairs and bring it over to the sink.  

Just then the doorbell rang.  It was Stacy, a friend of Cassie's from 
work.  "Hi Rick," she said brightly, "I was on my way to the mall and 
thought I'd drop by and see if Cassie wanted to go.  Is she here?"

"Come in, Stacy," I said, opening the screen door for her.  "Cassie's 
here, yes, but she won't be available for a little while.  You see, 
she's about to be punished."

Stacy got a very interested look on her face.  "Punished?"

"Yes, I'm going to wash her mouth out with soap.  Come on into the 
living room and wait for her.  She'll be ready in a while.  Wold you 
like a soda?"

"No thanks, I'm okay."

Stacy was seated where she could not see Cassie, but could hear 
everything that went on.  "I want you to take off your panties before 
we start," I told Cassie, and watched while she pulled her panties 
down and stepped out of them.  Since she was wearing a rather short 
skirt, that task was easily accomplished.  I wadded up her panties 
and put them in one of my pockets.

"I should give you a bare bottom spanking in addition to your mouth 
soaping," I told her in a voice that was calculated so that Stacy 
could hear.  Cassie was seated on the chair right by the sink, with 
her legs pressed tightly together and her hands in between her knees.

I placed the bar of soap into the bowl of water and worked up a good 
lather.  "Open your mouth now, Cassie," I said as I brought a handful 
of foamy and sudsy lather toward her.

"Aaaaahhnngaaaaahh," she exclaimed as I put the lather into her 
mouth.  I worked the soap around her tongue, on the roof of her 
mouth, and around all sides of her teeth and braces.

I worked up another batch of lather for her.  Cassie shook her head 
as I was getting ready to soap her again.  "Open!" I said.  She just 
looked at me.  "Come on and open, or I'll give you a bare bottom 
paddling in front of Stacy!"

She reluctantly opened her mouth and I added the fresh soap lather 
and worked it into all the recesses of her mouth.  I admit I was 
getting fairly aroused by handling her mouth this way.

"Gmmmmmmfffff!" was her reaction as my fingers worked their way all 
around the inside of her mouth for a few moments.

"Now you just stay there until I tell you to rinse," I ordered.  The 
scent of Ivory was permeating the air, and some foamy bubbles messily 
dribbled down her chin.  I spread her knees apart and inserted my 
index finger into her pussy - she was very wet, and squirmed as I 
played with her down there.

Cassie must have noticed how aroused I was.  She reached over and 
loosened my jeans and tugged them and my briefs down until my rod was 
pointing straight out.  Then she took me into her soapy mouth and, 
with white foamy dribble and slurpy sounds escaping from her lips, 
gave me an exquisite blowjob.  I started to spurt inside her mouth.  
With gleaming eyes she actively sucked on my pulsing ejaculation 
while I had to restrain my vocal reaction so that Stacy would not 
overhear.

When I recovered I had her scoot forward so that her pussy was more 
accessible under her skirt.  Then I knelt down in front of her and 
sucked and licked on her pussy until she climaxed.  Cassie still had 
the soapy solution, now mixed with my cum, in her mouth.  
"Mmmmmmmhmmmmfffff!  Gmmmmmhmmmmm!  Mmmmmmm!" she exclaimed as her 
orgasm took hold.

I pulled up my jeans and let Cassie rinse.  She rinsed for several 
minutes, after which she said she could still taste the soap.  I told 
her the taste would probably go away in a few hours and led her out 
to the living room where Stacy was.  I don't know how much Stacy knew 
of what went on other than the mouth soaping, but she smiled 
sheepishly.

With Cassie and Stacy at the mall, I did some things around the 
house.  I needed to go to the store, and when I reached in my pocket 
for my car keys, I wondered for an instant what this other thing was 
in my pocket.  I chuckled as I pulled out Cassie's panties.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
