Alice and Layla
by anonenffan

Intermission (Chapter 2. Intermission)

Every chance I had to back out felt like the final one. I did my best to keep my eyes on the floor, but that didn’t slow my heart down at all. If anything, the pounding in my chest grew stronger. My  hand gripped the door handle and I thought I was going to rip it off.

Layla gave me a little smirk and brought the palm of her hand to my other arm. It was warm and gentle to the touch as it always was, but I knew not to trust it. I felt her squeeze and tug on me.

“Someone’s nervous,” Layla giggled.

“Shut up! Y-you cheated, I know you did!” I threw my face aside, knowing my blush overshadowed my frustration.

“Now now, nobody likes a poor sport,” Layla’s fingers danced over my fingertips. I pulled my hand away, earning another snicker from my mischievous friend. “This is going to be fun.”

“For you, maybe.” I rolled my eyes and glanced at the neon signs until one caught my attention. Seconds later, Layla pulled us into the Star Land Theater parking lot. My heart began racing again. “W-we’re here already?”

“You’re a bit distracted,” Layla laughed. “Now let’s see… is there a good spot anywhere?” Her eyes started scanning the parking lot.

I squeezed my legs together and reached for my skirt. “Umm… right over there is good. It’s… away from other cars! You don’t want any door dings, right?” I forced myself to smile as I pointed to an area on the far side of the lot.

“Oooh, out in the open, huh? I saw a spot between a couple of trucks, but it might be harder to see our car… you’re right, that spot is much better! There’s more room to open the door nice and wide.” Layla exaggerated her words as she turned the steering wheel.

My eyes widened as I saw the spot she mentioned. “N-no, wait… um… maybe between the trucks is better! They um… they look really clean… maybe they’ll be careful?” Both my hands were tugging my skirt down. If I were standing, the navy blue cloth would be halfway down my thighs.  Far, FAR shorter than I preferred.

“Hmm? I’m not worried about Old Blinky getting a few dings, he’s tough.” She gave the dashboard a proud pat. “Why do you want that spot so bad?”

I could have sworn she could read my mind. “Y-you know why!”

Layla tilted her head. “Really, I do? I don’t seem to remember…” she rubbed her hand into her chin. Then she smiled. “Care to remind me?”

I turned my head away. There had to be a good way to say it, but as soon as I could put words together, they melted into soup. My voice felt weak as vertigo swelled in my chest. The soft seat cushion and the subtle vibrations of the motor almost hypnotized me. That is until I heard that playful giggle again.

“What’s the matter? Don’t like that skirt?” Her hand drifted towards the hemline and gave it a tiny tug. “I think it’s cute.”

My face ignited as she pinched the delicate cover. “N-no, I like it. It covers my… um… my…” I couldn’t form the next word. The one I wished I could have said would have made me a liar. “…hips.” That was a dumb idea.

Layla struggled to contain another giggle. “Well, that spot IS closer to the front door!” She gripped the steering wheel and moved us forward. Seconds later, we parked between two massive pickups. They eclipsed the sun and gave me a brief sanctuary. Nobody could see “Old Blinky” unless they stood behind the car.

“Aaaand we’re here! The show starts in fifteen minutes! Let’s go!” Layla cheered as she pulled her key out of the ignition. She exited the car and expected me to follow.

I took a deep breath. There was no way to delay the inevitable. My pulse accelerated as I pushed my door open, and started to climb out. The crisp evening air whistled through my hair and fluttered my loose clothing. A gasp escaped me as I gripped my skirt and forced it down.

It felt like there was a pressure in my ears. I wasn’t sure if it was my pulse or a tsunami of adrenaline flooding my body. The trucks kept us hidden, standing tall and wide. My trembling legs carried me away from the door and another chance to chicken out. This was my real last chance.

‘L-laya, this is too much… I can’t do it,’ I thought, as I took another breath and looked at my friend. Then the car beeped. “Gah!” My eyes widened and I stumbled forward while I tried to maintain the death grip on my skirt. Those words crumbled in my head. “D-did you have to do that?”

“Gotta make sure the doors are locked,” Layla giggled. “Now Alice, if you grip your skirt like that, people might suspect you have a little secret!” She swung her purse over her shoulder and winked at me. “Like you’re trying to hide something.”

“I-I’m not hiding anything!” I protested.

“You’re certainly not! You need to relax so nobody thinks you’re trying to hide a silly pair of panties.” Layla approached me and gave me a gentle pat to my backside, causing another flutter in the thin fabric.

“L-Layla!” I gasped.

“Oh come on, the hardest part is just ahead. Once you get past that, you’ll get to watch a nice movie.” Layla said with a faux warmth to her voice. “Keep your hands to your sides, and nobody will suspect a thing.”

“I’m gonna beat you next time,” I sighed. I took slow, shaking steps towards the theater door as I followed her. “A-and when I do… y-you’re going to have to…” The wind glided over my thighs. My bare thighs. I looked down to see the fabric fluttering around and hiding nothing. Soft flesh glowed under the dim parking lot lights, while my kitty embraced the unimpeded air.

“Ah!” I yelped, as I shoved my hands between my legs. My face ignited with blush as my cover started dancing. As my clumsy knees turned to jello, I looked to Layla for help. Of course, all she did was giggle.

“What’s the matter?” Layla taunted.

“N-nothing!” my voice became weak. I clamped my thighs together, and I take a look behind me. Our car hid behind the trucks. It felt like it wasn’t even there. Like I had no chance to back out.

I took another deep breath and ran to catch Layla. She held the front door open for me, but all I noticed was her struggle to contain her laughter. Of course she would laugh, she set this up!

Once inside, I was able to let my skirt hang as it should. I still felt a chill thanks to the powerful air conditioning, but I didn’t have to fear a sudden breeze. Instead, I had a new concern literally lined up in front of me. People.

I kept one hand low, near the hemline of my skirt just in case. My imagination played crazy scenarios where it slipped away in front of everyone. Impossible, but my heart raced so fast that I believed fictional fears. All I could do is rub my free hand against my other arm and try to keep calm.

The line moved, but it was slow to do it. I thought this was the opening weekend for another superhero film. My eyes widened as I looked at the listing board. Layla wouldn’t do that to me, would she!? There were so many people in the theater!

Then I heard the door open behind us, allowing more people to filter inside. Before long they were in line behind us. I had no idea how well my skirt covered my backside. All I knew for sure was that people had a chance to see me now.

Before I could say anything, Layla’s warm arm found it’s way over my shoulders, and pulled me into a half hug. “So, see anything interesting? A lot of these nerds seem excited for Team Steel.”

Two hours in a packed theater without panties? I couldn’t do it. “U-um… well… I’m not into the comic stuff.” I cleared my throat and tried to form confidence. “How about…” my eyes scan the list. I needed something boring. Something dumb. Anything with an empty theater. “The… Phonies?”

Layla laughed, this time far louder than any of the giggles she gave. A few other people even turned around to glance at us. Then she leaned in towards my ear. “Want something a little more private, huh?” Her arm squeezed me a little tighter. “We’ll have to up the ante if you want the theater to be just us.”

I gave her a quick nod. “P-please…” The consequences didn’t cross my mind, I just tried to keep my skirt in place. It felt short. Far too short.

When it was our turn in line, Layla held up two fingers. “Two for Phonies, please!”

The ticket saleswoman gave us an odd look and then shrugged. “If you really want to see that…” she printed up two tickets. “I think these are the only tickets I’ve sold for that all day.  You can sit pretty much anywhere you want. You’re in theater four.”

“Thank you!” Layla said, nudging me along and staying close. “Let’s get some snacks!” she cheered.

I found the concession stand was every bit as populated as the ticket line was before it. Although I wasn’t hungry, Layla was the only thing that kept me moving. She kept my panicking mind from distracting itself, but I was also dependant on her. My legs only seemed to work when she pushed me. The problem was, she was pushing me to more densely populated areas.

I had to be careful as I knelt down at the candy stand to pick out some chocolate pretzels. Bending the wrong way threatened to reveal my indecent bottom to everyone behind us. It felt so unnatural, but I had to do it.

“Anything else? My treat since you’re being the brave one,” Layla rubbed my shoulder.

“N-no, I’m good with just this. They’re um… my favorite.” I blushed at her.

“Hmm… those ARE good,” Layla nodded. “Say, how about you grab me one?”

My heart pounded like the inside of my chest was a punching bag. “W-well um… snacks are expensive,” I whined. “How about we… share?”

Layla hesitated with a finger under her chin, then brushed a little hair out of her face. “That does leave some room in the budget for popcorn!”

I kept my hands near my skirt, terrified that someone would notice . There was no way I could ignore it though. The crisp air conditioning caressed my vulnerable intimates, hidden only by thin cloth. What if I walked too fast? Would anyone see? If they saw my hands holding the skirt down, would they suspect something?

Unfortunately for me, my hands found a new job. They had to hold the pretzels, a large bag of popcorn, and one enormous drink. I hugged all the snacks into my chest and looked to Layla. “Isn’t this a little much?”

“What?” she giggled, pulling straws out of wrappers.  “Sharing was your idea,” she added, as she stuffed two straws into our pop. “Come on now, I think we’re in theater four.”

I adjusted my arms to keep a better grip on our snacks.  My skirt had the freedom to flutter around my shaking thighs, and it did so every time we passed an air vent. With the delicate balance in my arms, I couldn’t adjust my skirt. Cool air washed over exposed skin, forcing me to push my knees together.

Was my butt showing? It felt like my skirt was higher than it should be. I didn’t dare turn my head behind me, instead, I hugged the popcorn into my chest. Then I tried to shake enough so the skirt would fall into place. The sound of chatter, laughter, and any other noise people could make caused deafening echoes in my mind.

“L-Layla… c-can you check my skirt?” I whispered.

“Hmm? Looks pretty good to me, what’s the matter?” Layla leaned her head near me, turning one of the straws to her lips.

Her brown eyes locked with mine as she took a sip. Words formed in my head like sand castles, while her gaze washed them away like an ocean wave. My own pulse was the only reminder that anything physical existed. Finally, I mumble something. “I… think my… um… I’m showing… something I shouldn’t.”

Layla finishes her drink and leans closer. “What might that be?” she said as her skilled hand explored my lower back. Her fingertips touched the top of my skirt but didn’t smooth out the fabric I was worried about.

She gave me a push, leading us into a small alcove near a door. I was defenseless, trying not to drop our snacks as Layla took a brief glance at our surroundings. With a wall behind me, I gave a brief sigh and looked up to see the number four.

“C-can we just go in the theater now? I don’t want anyone to see…” I protested.

“Hold on, you asked me to fix your skirt, I gotta make sure it’s okay,” Layla grinned, as her hands felt around my hips. They’re soft, careful, and knew their way around my body. If I was a cat, I would be purring every second. Which is exactly why I was trembling as she did this.

“L-Layla, you just have to flap it back down that’s all it…” I heard a zipper, and cool air touching new places. My eyes widened as Layla took a step back, with my precious skirt in her greedy hands. “LAYLA!” I gasped.

“This is our theater!” Layla winked and ran inside.

I didn’t have a choice. Without my skirt, everything between my hips and my ankles seemed to glow under the lights. There was no way to cover using my hands, not with those oversized snacks.

I looked down the noisy hallway. There were dozens, if not hundreds of people still buying snacks. For now, I was safe, but I had to move.

“One…” I gulped. “Two…” My toes clenched. “Three…!” I turned and ran inside theater four in search of Layla. The wind whipped over my bare thighs, smooth kitty, and naked bottom. My face sustained a crimson tone as I moved into the darkness. One final stretch lead to the seating area, but I didn’t see Layla. She wouldn’t leave me half naked like this, would she!?

My legs shook as I poked my head around the corner of the hallway, seeing the giant screen and dozens of seats. Thankfully, empty seats, besides one. Layla waved at me at the top of the stairs in the far back.

“You better get that cute butt of yours up here! All the critics agree it’s a better show than this movie!” Layla laughed.

“L-Layla!” I huffed, as I started running up the stairs. Each step elevated me and made me feel more visible. I wanted to shove my hands between my legs out of instinct, but I couldn’t do it without making a big mess. The air conditioner blew away on my exposed lower half without mercy, making me more aware that I was half naked.

When I reached the top of the steps, Layla struggled to contain her giggles.

“Why did you do that, someone could have seen!” I gasped as I set the massive drink down in a cup holder.

“Oh relax. I would have waited down there if there were people in here,” Layla giggled, as she took the pretzels from me and sat down.

“But you took my skirt in the hallway!” I protested. With the load growing lighter, I lowered the bag of popcorn to my hips to conceal myself. I felt the warmth against my bare thighs, a pleasant contrast to the more chilling air. “What if someone saw?”

Layla patted the seat next to her, suggesting I sit down next to her. “Oh come on, wasn’t it exciting? You got away with it.”

I sighed in defeat. “Can I at least have my skirt back?”

“Nope!” She grinned. “You wanted this ridiculous movie about phones so we could be alone. That means you have to be a little more daring.”

“M-more daring?” I gulped.

“Yep, look around. Nobody wants to see this movie, which means you can get away with an awful lot!” Layla winked.

I took another breath. Layla outplayed me at every turn like she always did. With no further means to argue, I sat down on the soft leather of the movie seat. The popcorn bag, the only thing hiding my decency, stayed at my hips. Up in the back of the theater, I felt hidden but exposed at the same time. This could have been easy, but I knew not to trust Layla.

That’s when I heard a buzzing. My seat began to recline, and it pushed another cushion lifting my legs off the ground. “W-what the…?”

“Aren’t reclining seats awesome?” Layla smirked, reaching near my hips for popcorn. “You can get nice and comfy. Like you could kick off your shoes,” she whispered.

I hesitated. With the seat reclined, my legs became far less hidden. The bright projector light may have focused on the screen, but it still allowed my lower half to be visible. “I… I shouldn’t…”

“Come on… you’re a brave girl, aren’t you?” Layla smirked. “Come on, people kick off their shoes all the time at the movies.” She leaned in a little closer, “come on, go for it! When we get home, you’re in for a treat.”

I blushed and looked her in the eye. “W-what do you mean?”

Layla extended her arms, weaved her fingers together and stretched.. “Oh I’ve been studying a few tricks, if you thought last time was a dream, you haven’t seen anything yet.”

My face felt hot now. I let my fingers tap against the popcorn, and drew one of my legs in, positioning a toe behind a heel. Gravity claimed one piece of footwear with a triumphant “thump.” Seconds later, its twin followed.

The fact that Layla convinced me to do this made my heart speed up. There I was, half naked in the movie theater, letting my girlfriend talk me out of my clothes. I hadn’t relaxed my legs yet, I was busy trying to hook my toes into my socks. When both pieces of the petite fabric fell, I clenched my toes, and of all things, I smiled.

“Oh, naughty little Alice. I didn’t say anything about your socks.” She giggled, pulling me into a squeeze. “You don’t have much else on, do you?”

“U-um… well…” I fought off a laugh. “I… still think you cheated… but…um…”

“Hmm?” Layla licked her lips as she leaned back in her seat.

“I um… followed… you know, the rules.” My pulse wouldn’t slow down. I gripped the armrests of the seat, still feeling the warmth of the popcorn balancing on my lap. Anyone could have walked in the theater at any moment and see us. All I could do was try to sink into my seat, but I knew it didn’t help.

“Oh? Did you make sure to follow the special rule? To. The. Letter?” She wagged her finger with each word.

“Yes… yes I did…” I hummed.

“And what was the special rule?” Layla reached towards my hips again, finding that hot popcorn that sat less than an inch from my kitty.

“To um… to not… to not…wear…” I hesitated, trying to look away from her, but all I could do was blush.

“To not wear what?” Layla licked her lips, tossing a piece in her mouth.

“A… bra.” My body almost spasmed. Just thinking about what I admitted to, that shameful truth, made me want to squirm. I looked around at the seats that laid in front of us in the theater, we were still alone.

“Is that so… well in that case,” she dragged her fingers over the sleeves of my blouse. “How about you slip that off?”

I gripped the armrests tight and look around the theater. “B-but… I can’t just… what if someone sees?”

The lights began to dim, giving us a little blanket of darkness, wiping away my feeble excuse as soon as I had it. Layla’s fingertips snuck under my sleeve to caress my shoulder.

“I think this is a little too easy for you as is. Come on, hand it over,” she presented her waiting palm.

I took another look around us as previews began to play. We still had this theater to ourselves. My hands balled into fists, before reaching for the popcorn. “H-hold this please…” I gulped as Layla took the bag off my warmed thighs.

With my heart pounding in my throat, I pinched the hemline of my blouse and began the slow tug. My last piece of decency slide up my increasingly vulnerable body. I could feel my breathing shake as the cool air reached the last regions of my body. When I finally slid the blouse off my head, Layla plucked it from my fingers and smiled.

I wrapped my arms around my exposed chest and pressed my legs together as my cheeks became a nova. As I tried to shrink, Layla collected each piece of fabric I had and stuffed them into her purse. The sound of the zipper made me shiver as it sealed me off from cover. Just like that, she persuaded me into getting nude at the theater.

“There we go, now you’re ready for the movie,” Layla taunted. She returned the bag of popcorn to me. I wasted little time in holding it over my hips. It obscured the view of my hips, but it didn’t dispute my total nakedness.

“This…” I panted. “This is crazy…”

Layla’s hand slid over my shoulders and tugged me closer to her. “Oh just relax. Nobody’s gonna see this movie except for you and me.” I felt her own shirt against my naked skin, highlighting the contrast between us. “Heh heh, you know what might feel nice?” She placed her hands on the popcorn bag, currently balancing on my thighs. It raised, exposing my shaven sex.

“L-Layla!” I whispered. “What are you doing?”

“Spread your legs, we don’t want you to spill any popcorn!” said Layla.

I turned my head away and hesitated. It was my instinct to say no, to try and resist her suggestions. Yet, I did like the feeling. As I hugged my chest a little tighter, I spread my unclothed legs. The warmth of the popcorn slid between my thighs. “Oh!” I gasped, as Layla pressed it up, leaving no space between the heat and my skin.

A new sense of euphoria began to swell in my chest as I felt the heat spread between my legs. I was naked from head to toe, isolated from clothing in a movie theater. Layla brought her hand back over my shoulders as we looked at the screen.

Well, SHE looked at the screen. I kept my eyes on the doorway, worrying that others could enter the theater. If they saw me…

Layla broke my trance as her hand glided over my stomach. “Heh heh, I just love helping maintain this smooth body of yours. You’re just so soft and pattable,” Layla giggled. Her finger traced around my skin, before reaching for popcorn.

When the lights dimmed a final time, the movie began. Our sanctuary remained private, and I gave a small sigh of relief. I relaxed my arms, and though my heart was still racing, I felt a little safer and hidden. Then I felt one of Layla’s wandering hands move up.

It was tender and loving, but persistent and bold as she cupped one of my breasts in her hands. I couldn’t resist her touch, she had power over me and she knew just how to touch me. Words began disintegrating as she started feeling me. She massaged my naked chest, brushing her fingers over the nipple. Soon enough, it stood attention and she moved to the other.

I leaned my head back and sighed as my resistance melted.

“Heh heh, looks like the loser is having a little fun,” Layla smirked. She patted, squeezed, rubbed, and caressed my chest. All the while she made me more drunk with pleasure.

“Mmhmm…” was my slow response as I locked eyes with her again.

She ran her hands over my chest a little more, before pulling something from a little bag. Layla revealed her hand with a few chocolate coated pretzels hooked over her fingers. They brought a sweet smell with them as she popped one between her lips.

“Want one?” she held her hand over my face.

I nodded and reached for one, but Layla pulled her hand back.

“Ah ah ah, do it this way!” Layla winked and bit into one of the pretzels to slide it off her finger. After munching on the delightful little snack, she brought her hand back over towards my face.

I felt so exposed, but oh my God was I having the time of my life. As the sweet scent of the chocolate enticed my nostrils, I opened my mouth and bit into the treat. Layla pulled her finger free and went back to feeling my chest.

Her tender hands continued to wander my body, squeezing and caressing all the way. I opened my eyes for a brief moment to see if we were still alone, but instead, I focused on Layla. All I could do was make myself available to her. There was a movie going on in the background, but all I could think about was where those hands would go next.

Could I direct them?

I bit my lip.

My blush felt hotter as my hands moved to the popcorn. I look to Layla and gave her a tiny smile. As I took a breath, I pushed the bag away, closer to my knees. Although I liked the warmth it provided, I knew it couldn’t compare to one of Layla’s wandering hands.

Layla grinned. “Hmm, now why would my sweet little Alice do something like that? Wasn’t that nice and warm?”

“W-well um…” My hands clenched into fists. “I… um…”

Her hand slid down below my abdomen. Just a little closer…

“Oh… I think I know what you want,” she smirked. “Well, I COULD massage that little spot, but golly, making you feel so good has made me thirsty!” Layla picked up our drink for a sip, only to hear the sound of a drained cup. “Oh no, it’s all empty! You wait right here and I’ll get a refill!” She said, as she took the cup and swung her purse over her arm.

“W-wait… you can’t just… L-Layla, I’m… I’m naked!” I protested.

Both her hands moved to my chest and squeezed me, forcing a sigh out of my lips. Layla rubbed and pressed them, and leaned in to whisper. “I know, you’re sooo brave! Don’t go anywhere, I’ll be right back.”

“Ah… hah… L-Layla…!” I panted, as my lover took the cup and began walking down the steps, leaving me alone, naked and dizzy with arousal. Stuck in my seat, I could only watch as she turned the corner and disappeared.

I felt trapped.

My exposed chest rose and fell with my labored breathing. I started to realize how risky things got. Layla only spared my shoes, which did no good in covering my body. Leaving wasn’t an option, not with those hallways filled with people.

I tried to make time pass by watching the movie, but the lingering buzz from Layla’s touch still made me squirm. All the movie could do was make stupid puns, failing to keep me calm.

My hands gravitated towards my intimates, one to my soft breasts, the other to my heated core. I looked towards the exit, praying for Layla to return, but alas, I sat there alone. Tender fingers began touching and pushing against me. It was everything I could do to try and imitate Layla’s touch.

I let out a moan as the fingers between my leg worked my lips. It felt good, but I could only imagine Layla doing it for me. Still, the swell of pleasure flooded my body. My legs spread, my toes curled, I think a little drool leaked out of my lips. I was pretty sure I forgot what self-control was.

Everything I did felt good, but I slowed my pace. I knew Layla could do things so much better than I ever could. All I cared about was keeping myself worked up for her to come back and have her way with me.

What was taking her so long?

My heart pounded as I withdrew my hand and looked towards the exit. There was no sign of her. I tapped my fingers against the armrests. Up in my seat, way in the back, I was pretty safe. Even if someone entered the theater, I could duck and hide. The dumb movie also warded off intruders, keeping me alone. I’d have felt better if Layla was with me, but part of me knew things were low risk.

Maybe I could move closer to the door.

My heart pounded in my chest as I set my seat back its normal position. If I moved from this spot, I’d be abandoning the best hiding spot I had. I balled my hands into fists and stood up on faulty legs. Each step I took needed me to hold onto something, or else I’d collapse. I was completely nude, buzzing with arousal in a movie theater, and walking away from my seat.

“I’m being brave,” I said to myself. “Layla likes it when I’m brave.” I gulped. “She’ll be proud of me.”

When I finally reached the corner near the exit, I put my hand on the wall. All I could do was pant and feel the adrenaline surge through me. My face felt hot as I nestled a hand between my legs. I clamped my thighs around it as if it made me less naked.

I poked my head around the corner, looking into the dark hallway. There was no sign of Layla. My body grew impatient. That hand I was squeezing began moving on its own, touching and stimulating my delicate lips.

“Ohhh…” I moaned as I leaned my naked backside against the wall. Finally, my stance failed, and I sat down on the ground and spread my legs. Every stroke showed more energy as my agile hands pressed against my womanhood. I felt another swell of lust wash over me.

It felt better here. I don’t know why. My moans were louder. This spot was more open. The risk was greater. Intruders would see me. I wasn’t safe. I didn’t care. All I could do was press harder.

My hips began shoving into my hand. My pulse roared in my ears. My legs spread wider. My toes curled up. Fireworks start launching in my mind. It didn’t have to be Layla. It just had to happen.

And it did.

With one final gasp, I bucked my hips and my body stiffened. An intense heat burst over my hands as I trembled. Pleasure had a deep hold on me, and it did not let go as the orgasm swept me away. My hands were the only thing able to move as they caressed my tingling lips. They worked my skin and tried to draw out the sweet stimulation as long as possible. Brilliant colors flashed before my eyes while the blood in my veins came to a boil.

I brought myself to sweet release, getting close to the exit and raising the risk. Was that the secret to heightening my self-pleasure? Giving people a better chance to see me naked? What would Layla say if she me do this? All I knew for sure was that this was amazing, it made me feel alive despite the shame.

Finally, my body went limp as a thin layer of sweat glistened my soft skin. I felt too weak to continue, and my hands slipped off my thighs. My naked chest rose and fell as I took long slow breaths. The whole world felt like a bubble bath, and all I wanted to do was sit there and smile. A nap didn’t sound bad, and those reclining chairs looked nice… but I needed to get up.

Then, something obscured my view of the chairs. It was Layla, kneeling down beside me.

“Couldn’t wait, huh?” she giggled.

“Sorry… I just… I wanted you to… you know… and I couldn’t stop…”

She turned one of the two straws of the refilled drink towards my lips. I gave an obedient sip, letting the soda cool off my insides. Layla then locked eyes with me and started sipping from the other straw.

“Okay, let’s get you back to the seat,” Layla said as she offered me a hand. “Well, since somebody was impatient, I guess you don’t want one of my special massages.”

I blushed as Layla helped me stand and lead me back to our seats. “I… um…” The words crumbled again. Well, a few words were able to form. “I was really brave though…?”

Layla paused and looked at my nakedness. Then she smiled. “I guess you were! You touched yourself by the door!” She pulled me into a soothing hug. “How about you stay like this for the rest of the movie, and when we get home, I’ll do anything you like?” Her finger touched my collar bone and traced its way down my chest.

We reached the top of the steps and reclaimed our seats. As my naked body sunk into the warm leather, I kept holding her hand. My blush flared again as I looked up at her. “Um… do we have to wait?”

Layla leaned back in surprise, but then she smirked. “Heh heh… well if you really can’t wait…”

“Dude, why are we hoping to this one?”

Both our eyes widened in surprise.

“Get down,” Layla said, taking my wrist and pulling me out of the seat.

“Oh my god… oh my god…. G-give me my clothes!” I whispered.

“Relax… I have everything here…”

A few minutes later, we stepped out of the theater and into the parking lot. My heart raced, even though clothing clung to my body again. Layla let me keep my hands at my skirt this time as she pulled me into a half hug. I never stopped blushing, though if I was completely honest, I was a little annoyed Layla didn’t get to touch me.

“I promise I’ll do it, you more than earned it,” she giggled as she dug her keys out of her purse. “Just try and keep your clothes on for the ride home, okay?”

“O-okay,” I nodded as I got in.

My clothes did not leave the car that night.
