Fantasy Massage Part 2 - Long Hard Ride

Jeannie had not returned my call when I left a message for an appointment, so I could only assume that she was out of town or unavailable for some other reason.  So when she called me the day after I wanted the appointment and asked, "Weren't you supposed to be here yesterday?" I told her that she never called back to say yes or no.  She then recalled that she wrote down the appointment but didn't get around to calling me.  So we set up another appointment for today.

Jeannie opened the door and invited me in, immediately saying that she got some "new stuff" and that we'd be in a different room than usual.  She led me to a room in her house that I had never been in before.  With her wide smile, she opened the door and, with a flourish, extended her arm into the doorway to present the newly-furnished room.

I was amazed at what I saw.  Toward one side of the room was a double bed.  There also was a sink with running water, and a small bathroom with a shower.  There were two end tables with massage oils and towels, a straight backed chair, a 4-drawer dresser, and a small stereo system.  The room had dimmable lights.

"This room is for the longer sessions.  You can stay for a longer session, can't you?" Jeannie inquired.

"Definitely!" was my eager reply.

"Good!  Get undressed and lay face down on the bed," she instructed.  She did not leave the room as she usually does when I undress.  Instead she stood there watching me, with her hands on her hips.  I saw a slight smile in her eyes as she sensed my uncertainty, as if she had planned it that way.

Jeannie's strong, graceful hands lightly probed my body for signs of stress.  She applied lotion to her hands and started working out the knots and kinks in my muscles.  After a few moments she started to make conversation.

"I don't know why I didn't call you back last week," Jeannie began.  "I just assumed that I had."

"Had a blonde moment, did you?" I retorted.

"Oooh, a sassy mouth!" she exclaimed as she playfully pinched my bottom.  "In the first place, I'm a brunette," she continued.  "Secondly, you shouldn't talk about blondes like that."

Continuing to work on my stressed muscles, Jeannie said, "You have a lot of stress points, Rick.  Are you eating more sweets?  How many donuts today"

"Two."

"Have you avoided the sweets any day this week?" she inquired.

"No, Jeannie."

"You know that's naughty, don't you?  I'm going to have to do something about that.  Do you know what I'm going to do about it?"  She straddled me to get to my upper back and neck.

"You're going to ask me to fuck your brains out," I answered.

"Such a smart mouth you have, Rick.  You know, I should wash your mouth out with soap.  I won't, but I should.  What I AM going to do is give you a good spanking.  You're going to be over my knee while I give you a good hard hairbrush spanking.  And that's not all I'm going to do, Rick."  Then, leaning forward and lowering her voice to a sensuous whisper, she continued, "I'm going to give you an enema, Rick.  A good, hot, soapy enema for your smart mouth and your sweet tooth.  And then you'll get a couple of rinsing enemas.  And that's not all."

"That's not all?" I replied.  "So you're still going to have me fuck your brains out, right?" I teased.

Jeannie just giggled as she kneaded deeply around my upper back and shoulders.  After a while she told me to turn over, and continued to work on me.  She kneaded the stress out of my legs, probed my abdominal area, and then massaged my face with such finesse and sensitivity that I almost drifted off to sleep.

I was brought back to awareness of my surroundings by Jeannie's feather-light touching of my testicles and rapidly hardening erection.  She continued with the teasing touch until I was moaning and breathing deeply.  Suddenly she stopped and said, "I want you to get the oval hairbrush from the bottom drawer and present it to me."
 
Inside the drawer were several instruments of correction - a paddle with several small holes in it, some belts, a tawse, and the hardwood oval hairbrush.  Jeannie had not used a paddle or a hairbrush on me before; she had only used a strap or her belt.  The oval hairbrush felt very sturdy, and was probably made from oak or maple.

Jeannie moved the straight-backed chair out a couple of feet from the corner of the room and sat down.  She looked at me with a calm expression.  I walked over to where she was and handed her the oval hairbrush.  Without a word, she motioned for me to position myself across her lap.  I bent over her lap and placed my hands on the floor.

"Point your toes out, Rick.  I want the top of your feet on the floor at all times," she stated.  "Also, I want you to keep still until I tell you otherwise.  Got that?"

"Yes, Jeannie."

Jeannie spaced the hairbrush swats about one second apart, which is actually quite brisk, as more than fifty swats can be given in one minute.  She dispensed the punishment to alternate sides of my bottom with authoritative force.  The sturdy hard wood of the oval hairbrush smarted intensely each time it made contact.

SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!

"Oh!"

SMACK!  "Ohhhh!"

SMACK!  SMACK! "OW!"

SMACK! "Gaaaahhh!"

SMACK!  SMACK! "Jeannie!"

SMACK! "OW!"

SMACK! "Stop!"

SMACK!  SMACK! "OHHHH!"

SMACK!  SMACK! "Please-"

SMACK! "Jeannie!"

SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! 

"Rick, I told you to keep still!  Now you're wiggling all over the place!"

SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! "Jeannie -"

SMACK! "OH!"

SMACK!  SMACK! "Please Jeannie!"

SMACK! "Stop!"

SMACK! "Aaaahhhhhh!"

SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!

"You aren't keeping still, Rick!

"I'm trying to, Jeanie!"
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK! ...

As much as I wanted to, I could not keep still throughout the remainder of the spanking, which went on for some time.  Jeannie did not slow down the delivery of the sturdy spanks, except to admonish me to keep still.

Jeannie kept me across her lap for a few moments after the spanking.  She told me to stand up, and not to touch my bottom unless I wanted a repeat of the long hairbrushing that I just had.  "Im going to get your enema ready now," she said, and told me to stay where I was and watch.

She spread a large towel just outside the bathroom.  Then she fetched a stainless steel stand for the enema bag and placed it to one side of the towel.  She disappeared into the bathroom and turned on the water.  I heard cabinet doors being opened and closed, and a few minutes later she emerged with a red enema bag.  Flecks of foam from the soapy mixture floated from the top of the bag as Jeannie hung it on the stand.

"Over here now," she said, "down on your hands and knees, forehead touching the floor."  As I went over there I noticed that a douche nozzle was attached to the enema hose.  It gleamed with clear lubricant.  Jeannie smiled.  I got down in the mandated position, feeling vulnerable with my ass up in the air, as if I was asking for the enema.  Jeannie parted my ass cheeks, positioned the douche pipe against my anus, and pushed it in.  She slid the nozzle with an in-and-out motion a few times.  

"Oh... Ah! Jeanie..."

Then I heard a click as she released the flow.  A few seconds later I felt the warm soapy mixture enter my body and start its journey downward into my system.  It did not take long for me to feel very full, but I dared not look back to see how much solution remained in the bag.

"Oh Jeannie!" I exclaimed.  She slowed the flow a little and made sure that the douche nozzle was firmly inside me.

"You've got to take all the enema and then retain it for at least five minutes," she said.  Jeannie fondled my testicles for a few moments and my attention was completely averted from the feeling of fullness as the remainder of the soapy solution coursed into me.  Jeannie pulled the nozzle out and told me to stay in that position and rock back and forth and from side to side to let the solution do its work.  

The five minutes of retention felt more like a half hour.  I felt frequent mild cramping alternating with feelings of intense fullness, and tried to relax my insides so that I could retain the enema without undue discomfort, knowing that it was progressing deep within me.

"Okay," Jeannie finally said, "go get rid of the enema and I'll be back to see how you're doing in about twenty minutes."

I rushed to the bathroom and started the long process of getting rid of all the solution.  When an enema goes deeply inside, there may be several minutes between periods when it is ready to come out.  This was no exception, and about 15 minutes later I felt that I was finished with it.  

Jeannie came in a couple of minutes later and directed, "Down on your hands and knees again.  I'm going to give you a rinsing enema now."  I got into the directed position and stayed there while I heard her preparing the new solution.  She came out and hung the bulging bag on its stand, and deftly inserted the douche nozzle in me.

Click!  The flow started.  The solution was able to enter more easily than before, with the result that I got the feeling of fullness more quickly.  

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," I moaned as the water coursed its way in, aided by my submissive posture.  "Ohhhhhhhhhh, Jeeeeeeannie...  Ahhhhhhhhh...  Oohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Come on, Rick, you can take a couple of quarts!" Jeannie exclaimed.  "It's all going to go in, so just accept it."

After a few moments I heard a slurp as the bag emptied the last of the solution into me.  "Ohhhhhhh, Jeannie," I moaned, "I'm so full!"

"You just stay there and hold it for a couple more minutes, then I'll let you go get rid of it."  I tried Jeannie's suggestion of wiggling back and forth and from side to side, as it alleviated some of the pressure.  "Okay," she finally said, "Up you go!"

I hurried to the bathroom and spent the next fifteen minutes emptying myself of the rinsing enema, and then I cleaned up.  When I returned, Jeannie was seated on the straight-backed chair with the oak hairbrush in her hand, her lips pressed together in a strict expression, and a fiery twinkle in her eyes. "Oh no," I thought to myself.  With her knees together and her feet apart, she pointed to her lap.  I positioned myself over her lap, knowing what was about to happen.  Jeannie again paddled with sharp, brisk strokes.  

"Aaaahhhhhh!  God, Jeannie, please not so hard!"

"Stop your whining, Rick," she said while continuing to spank, "You know you deserve this.  You've got to do something about that sweet tooth of yours."

"Jeannie, Jeannie, please!  Owwww!  Gaaaaa!  Oh, not so hard, Jeannie!"

"You keep both hands on the floor, you naughty boy!" she scolded.  "Put your hand back there once more and you'll get extra."  She kept on spanking, increasing the tempo.

"Oh please, Jeannie, please stop!  Aaaaaaahhhhh!  Oh Jeannie!  Ahhhhhhhhh!  Pleeeeeease!"

Finally she stopped.  I continued to lay across her lap, knowing that I'd better wait for her to tell me before I got up.  After a few moments, Jeannie spoke.  "Get up now, and NO rubbing your bottom if you don't want a repeat performance."

I watched as Jeannie placed a couple of thick bolster pillows on the bed, and covered them with a large towel.  "Come on over here now, Rick.  Over you go," Jeannie directed, "face down on top of the towel.  I'm going to rub some lotion on your spanked bottom."  
That sounded good to me so I positioned myself over the pillows and sighed with contentment when Jeannie's expert hands spread lotion on my well-spanked tail end.  After a few minutes of this, she nonchalantly stated, "I think you need a good fucking with a strap-on.  I'll be back in a couple of minutes."  The way she said it implied that the decision had been made and that it was going to happen.

She came back into the room and got on the bed.  Her expert hands rubbed more lotion onto my backside, and then she spent a few minutes sensuously lubricating my back portal.  She pushed one finger inside me, worked it around, and then a second finger.  I started to squirm at the more recent intrusion.  Jeannie repeated the lube with two fingers, making sure that I was stretched enough to allow her easy entry.

In a throaty whisper she said, "Rick - I'm going to fuck your brains out."  My stomach did some flip-flops.

I felt both of Jeannie's hands grasp my hips.  She spread my ass cheeks apart and placed the tip of the flexible gel-like probe against my rosebud.  "First, relax, and then push out, Rick," Jeannie instructed.  A few seconds later she pushed the tip of the strap-on inside.  "Keep relaxing, Rick," she encouraged.

"Uuuuuuuhhhhhhh," I groaned as she eased the tip of the gel probe in and out a few times.

"I'm going in further, Rick.  Keep relaxing," encouraged Jeannie. She pushed the probe in about halfway with a steady shove.

"Auuhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhh!" I moaned.

"I'm going all the way in now," she said.  Then she drove the strap-on way inside me with a steady push.

"Oh, Jeannie! Ahhhhh!" I exclaimed as she filled me up with the strap-on probe.

She slowly pulled the probe out and lubricated it some more.  Spreading my ass cheeks again, she positioned the tip of the probe at my back way and entered me.

"Rick, I'm going to fuck you thoroughly," Jeannie said in a throaty whisper.  "I'm going to fuck you good and hard.  This strap-on harness has another attachment that is inside my pussy, just where you would like to be. Every time I thrust in and out, the probe rubs inside my pussy makes me feel really good.  Now you're going to get the fucking of your life, Rick."

Jeannie very firmly grasped my hips and drove the strap-on all the way in and pulled it almost all the way out.

"Uhhh!  Jeannie!"

She shoved it in all the way again and withdrew almost completely out again.  She repeated this move continuously, slowly increasing the tempo.

I reacted appropriately.  "Oh! Ahh!  Jeannie!  Uhh...  Uhh...  Oh... OHHH! Jeannie!  Oh, God, Jeannie!  Uhhhh... Uh! Uhh-Uhh-Uhh-Uhhh-Uhhhh!"  

With each inward thrust, Jeannie filled me up completely back there.  When she pushed the probe all the way in, parts of it stroked across my prostate, stimulating it and at times causing me to seep seminal fluid.  Jeannie was right.  I was getting a very thorough fucking.

Jeannie was really getting into it.  Her thrusts became faster and faster as she ravaged my bottom.  "That... feels... good... Rick..." she said while continuing the pounding thrusts.  A few moments later Jeannie began to climax.  "Mmmm... Ahh...  Unghhh!  Unhhhhh!  Unhhhh!  Uhhhhh!"  Her pounding intensified during the climax.

The constant stimulation of my prostate, plus the sound of Jeannie having an orgasm, pushed me over the edge.  I felt jets of semen spurting from me as I echoed some of the sounds she had made.

Panting heavily, she draped her body on top of mine, with the probe still inside me.  We stayed that way for several minutes.

"How do you feel?" Jeannie asked.

"Well-fucked," I answered.

"Good," Jeannie said, and slowly withdrew the strap-on dildo from me and got out of the harness.  "Time for a shower for both of us," she continued.

It was fun taking a shower together.

- end -

I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
