Of Exhibitionists and Evacuations
byTlerone©

"I'm insane, I'm totally insane!"

Nicole paced around her apartment, the gravity of what she had been planning on doing finally hitting her. Dressed in just a simple black tank top that struggled to hold her considerable bust, and an old pair of panties, the redhead certainly looked ready for what she had planned, even wearing such little clothing. Though what she was planning would require her to wear even less...

You see, Nicole had a thing for nudity. It was strange to explain to those not already acquainted with the particular hobby (though some may call it a kink). Specifically, Nicole liked being naked in public places. Places she shouldn't be naked, and could be caught at any moment by some fully clothed person, who would get a full view of the buxom redhead in all her naked glory, her large uncovered breasts, her ass and curves and her trimmed snatch, that proved that yes, she was a natural redhead. Even saying she liked it was a bit of an understatement. You could very easily say she loved it... Maybe even a bit more than that... You probably wouldn't be too wrong in even thinking...

...she got off on it.

"I'm out of my mind thinking about this!" Nicole cringed at her own thoughts, as she continued padding around her apartment near the door. Glancing over at the clock confirmed that it was now about fifteen minutes past midnight, five minutes after she had told herself she was going to start. The hallways were bound to be empty by now, and it was late enough that no one would be leaving their apartment, at least no one on the same floor as her. Nicole could feel the tingles of excitement starting as she considered starting off her little adventure.

It had been a strange thing discovering that she was into being naked and exposed where she wasn't supposed to be. Though it was only recently after researching her fascination, that she found out it had a name. ENF, or embarrassed nude female, and with that name, she found pages and pages of literature, girls sharing their stories and experiences, or even made up scenarios. It got her thinking of her own scenarios where she was naked and embarrassed in public, and those thoughts turned her on beyond belief! Before long, it wasn't enough for her anymore, she needed her own experience...

She'd been talking with a fellow ENF enthusiast online, someone she only knew as 'Kate', who had been very open with talking about stories and past experiences of her own. Even just Kate's description of the arousal she had felt during one of her adventures was enough to supply Nicole with multiple masturbation sessions worth of material. And when Kate finally mentioned to her that she should try to stage her own exhibitionist fantasy, that was the final push Nicole needed...

Which led her to tonight. Nicole finally had enough of her own nerves getting in the way, her budding arousal seemingly taking control. In a swift moment, she had opened the door and stepped out into the hallway. Her hands were shaking as she locked her apartment door, leaving the busty redhead blushing, standing out in the hallway in just a tank top and panties.

"OhmygodwhatamIdoing!"

The adrenaline still rushing through her, Nicole made to enact the next phase of her plan. Hiding her key behind a small plant, she made her way towards the elevator, the carpet of the hallway against her bare feet sending shockwaves up her body at such a foreign sensation. Every inch of her scantily clad body was on fire, looking down at herself she could see her nipples already poking through the thin material of her tank top. Not wanting to dawdle too long out of fear of chickening out, the redhead upped her pace, reaching the elevator.

Having only been out in the halls for just over a minute, Nicole could feel her heart racing at what was to come next. With her face as red as her hair, she pushed the call button, frantically looking around herself to make sure no one was around to see her, the silence being interrupted with a loud 'DING' as the elevator arrived, making Nicole jump, just now realising that anyone who may be in the elevator would get a full look at her in her unclothed state.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck!" Nicole was breathless, seeing that the elevator was indeed empty. Se needed to be more careful, or tonight would be full of close calls like that! Stepping half into the elevator to stop the doors from closing, the redhead began the next phase of her adventure.

Trembling slightly, her hands grabbing the waistband of her old panties, biting her lip, and with one final look around, peeling the garment down her shaking legs. Nicole stepped out of her underwear, holding the small piece of fabric in her hands, heart pounding in her chest. She was now standing in the middle of her apartment hallway, in noting by a thin tank top. Her pussy was on full display in this publicly accessible place. She could already feel her arousal spiking up, a look down at her discarded panties confirmed that they were indeed very wet, a blush spreading across the redhead's face.

Her breathing heavy, Nicole reached into the elevator, pushing the button for the ground floor. From the tenth floor she was on, the elevator would take it's time getting down there, time she would spend without any covering for her lower half. Throwing her wet panties into the elevator, Nicole stepped out of the elevator, the doors closing right before her very eyes.

"I'm really out here bottomless!" Nicole whispered to no one else but herself, turning her back to the elevator and looking out across the public hallway she was standing in. Pulling her tank top down to cover her pussy, she could feel how sensitive and wet the experience had already made her. Her large breasts strained against the tank top, threatening to pop out at any moment or with one wrong move, exposing her rock-hard nipples to the air.

Putting one shaking foot in front of the other, Nicole began walking back down the hallway she had just came down. Her body now an even bigger bundle of nerves, She could feel the cool air blowing against her wet crotch, the redhead feeling her arousal increasing as she passed by her apartment door once again, having no intention of getting to the safety of her home. She continued walking down the hallway, towards the stair well, her arousal growing more and more as she walked. Even the feeling of her (at this point soaked) thighs rubbing against each other as she shuffled along the carpeted floor was sending her arousal through the roof.

Entering the stairwell, Nicole quickly made her way down the stairs, stopping hallway down to the next floor to catch her breath. The redhead had never experienced such a thrill, and by now, she was sure she was the horniest she's ever been. Wearing only a tank top that did nothing to hide her intimates on the bottom half, and very little for the top half, Nicole had never quite felt her arousal at these levels.

Hearing noise from the stairs below, Nicole felt her heart drop. She had always loved the ENF fantasies but had never imagined actually being caught! The thrill of being naked in a public place was more than enough for her! Quickly repositioning her hands to cover her fiery curls and curvy ass, Nicole started making her way back up the stairs, passing by her own floor, even higher up the building. Upon reaching the floor just above hers, she heard another door open on the floor just above!

"Shitshitshitshit!"

Without thinking, the redhead threw herself through the door on the eleventh floor. She didn't even check if there was anyone currently on the floor before she went through the door, and hurriedly shuffled herself down the carpeted hallway, something she mentally smacked herself for! She didn't want to be caught! No matter how wet the thought of it made her!

Shuffling along the carpeted floor on her bare feet, Nicole took a moment to look at her surroundings, seeing how similar and yet dissimilar the other floors were to her own, as she had never had any other reason to visit them. Though it did little to distract her from the fact that her only piece of clothing was a thin tank top, which she was sure was soaked by now from where she was holding it against her pussy. The redhead let out a groan at how worked up this whole adventure had gotten her, her excitement building even more at the thought that it wasn't over yet!

Nicole gasped as she felt the hem of her tank top brush against her throbbing clit. She so desperately wanted to take a moment to take care of herself, but she knew most of her courage was coming from her arousal, and decided it was best to press on. Even the static breeze of the air-conditioned hallway against her bare legs was enough to send shivers down the redhead's spine, and thoughts of cumming like a whore against one of her random neighbours' doors crossed her mind. Continuing to get lost in her fantasies, Nicole reached the other end of the eleventh-floor hallway.

Pushing herself through the door to the stairwell, the ginger grinned. She was already so horny, and now she was about to fully make her fantasies a reality. The final phase of her plan was to take off her tank top, her last remaining piece of clothing, and throw it down the centre of the stairwell. She'd then have no choice but to make the remainder of the journey back to her apartment completely naked and embarrassed, not to mention turned on.

The pale redhead took it slowly, lifting the tank top just below the bottom of her large breasts. This was it, she would be completely naked in a public place! Just as the top reached beyond her sensitive nipples, it happened.

Louder than she's ever heard, a blaring sound emerged from the speaker system of the building. No sooner had they gone off than the redhead knew what was happening. The fire alarm! It was probably just another drill, but still, she couldn't exactly practise evacuation when all she was wearing was a tank top!

She needed to get back to her apartment. She needed to get to clothes! Nicole began making her way back down the apartment stairwell, her tank top scrunched up in her hands, covering her throbbing pussy. About halfway down the stairs, the redheads heart began pounding in her chest as she heard doors begin opening from the floors below. Her face turned a similar color to her hair as she realised, of course everyone would be using the stairs in a fire drill! She was a sitting duck out here! There was no way for her to get back to her apartment without being seen by her neighbours with her pussy and ass very much bare!

Nicole began walking back the way she came, back up the stairs. She needed to get back to the floor above, it was the safest place for her now! Her bare feet being tickled by the carpet, she reached the top of the stairs, and went over to the door. She froze.

"Idiot idiot idiot!"

Seeing through the window on the door, people on the eleventh floor had already started evacuating, and were heading straight towards her! She was between two crowds of people, completely bottomless and horny, with nowhere to go. The only way she could think of would be to continue going up, but who knows if people would start pouring out of there! Still, she felt she had little choice...

On shaking legs, the bottomless redhead ran up the stairs to the twelfth floor. Just as she was out of sight of the eleventh-floor door, she heard it open and the floors occupants start flooding out, and down the stairs. Nicole tried to steady her breathing, she needed to be listening to the floor above, in case anyone else was evacuating, not that a prior warning would do her much good, there was literally nowhere else for her to go. She was broken out of her thoughts by a twinge of pleasure from her clit, and a low groan escape from her lips. She could feel from where she was holding the tank top that she was soaked, probably staining her garment. Even in a situation like this, she was horny beyond belief!

Reaching the twelfth floor, the redhead realised that the people on this floor would be coming this way, so she continued going up the stairs. The stairs just led to the roof, and the door would be locked, but hopefully she would be able to hide up here! Running up to the top of that staircase, Nicole crouched down, trying hard to catch her breath. Seconds later she heard the door from below open once again, and everyone start walking down the stairs, only a few feet from Nicole's embarrassed form.

After a minute or so, she started to catch her breath again, and Nicole took full inventory of her situation. She was at the very top of her apartment building, hornier than she's ever been, and all she's wearing is a small tank top. Looking down Nicole saw her legs, completely bare from her feet up to her wet thighs, and her throbbing pussy, covered by fiery curls. Seeing the tank top, she realised that as she was running her big tits must have sprung free, as she was looking at two rock hard nipples staring back at her. Nicole's face turned an impressive crimson as she hurriedly repositioned the tank top to cover her exposed breasts, as if that made her situation any better.

Nicole listened out for anyone who may be coming back up the stairs and could possibly see her. After about 5 minutes the sound of people going down the stairs had ceased, but Nicole didn't move. She was paralysed with fear and was sitting in a puddle of her own feminine goo. Her heart was thumping in her ears, she was sure from both the fear and arousal of the situation.

"Mhhmm, fuck."

The redheads' finger accidentally brushed past her clit, sending shockwaves of pleasure through her entire body. She had never been so turned on, and she briefly considered pleasuring herself to orgasm, if nothing else to try to calm her down from how jittery her aroused body was. Biting her lip, Nicole felt one of her hands start to fondle her breasts, moaning out and immediately catching herself. She thought about her evacuating with everyone else, going down the stairs bottomless, everyone being able to see her exposed intimates, as they stared at her, some pointing and laughing. This fantasy proved to be more than the poor redhead could take, she moaned out once again.

"Someone up there? This is the fire department, are you hurt?"

Nicole froze, her heart sinking. She had been so caught up with her own arousal she hadn't even heard the clunking sounds of the firefighter's boots coming up the stairs. This was just a drill, why did the fire department show up? They were heading towards her; they were all going to see the obviously horny redhead in all her glory! She had to get out of here, but where could she go?!?

"Hello? You need to evacuate right now!"

A booming voice from right below her shook her to her core. The firefight was only a few short feet away from her quivering form. This was it, there was nowhere for her to go, she was caught!

"Miss? Miss... miss?" The firefighter rounded the corner seeing the pale redhead sitting there at the top, by the door to the roof. Nicole was frozen there in shock. As quick as he had shown up, another two firefighters decked out in full gear appeared behind him, all three showing shocked expressions to the horny girl, who hadn't yet moved, she was just there feeling her arousal flare up to unbearable levels.

"Mm..miss, you need to evacuate with everyone else, come on!" The female firefighter said, beginning to climb the stairs, reaching out to the overstimulated redhead. Nicole wanted to back away, but there was literally nowhere for her to go! The firefighter grabbed her arm and pulled her down the stairs. The firemen all saw her as she stood up from her puddle of lady goo, her fiery curls and lower lips leaking honey, blossoming for all to see! She could see it right away, the female firefighter noticed how obviously aroused she was, and pulled harder, bringing her back down onto the eleventh floor.

The next few minutes were a blur for the curvy girl. The firefighters led her down the stairs one flight at a time. Apparently, there wasn't a fire, but this was the annual drill, so every occupant had to participate. That also applied if the occupant was bottomless apparently! As Nicole was led down the stairs by the lady firefighter, she felt her arousal spike with every step of her bare feet to the carpeted floor.

"Please... everyone... they'll see me..." Nicole pleaded, though she was almost completely out of breath. Her nipples were threatening to cut through her tank top. The firefighter looked at the ginger, something resembling pity coming to her face.

"Sorry love, everyone needs to be outside..." Her voice was sombre, though Nicole didn't miss the glance down at her privates, "Though... I think you're liking this more than you let on..."

Nicole simply squeaked in response, the firefighter's arm on her shoulder continuing to guide her down the stairs. She was mortified that her, admittedly obvious, arousal was pointed out so matter of factly, but it also happened to turn her even more so than she already was, her pussy leaking like a faucet. By the third floor her legs were starting to shake as she started to see the crowd of building occupants that were gathered outside. Nicole pulled her tank top down once again in an attempt to cover her pussy, accidentally brushing her clit as she did so...

"Auuuggghhhh"

The ginger broke free from the firefighter's grasp, slumping against the wall as her curvy body was rocked with waves of pleasure. When she brushed against her swollen, throbbing clit, she had accidentally set herself off into an embarrassing orgasm in front of the firefighter, one that was shamefully loud. Nicole couldn't help herself, keeping her tank top pulled down over her spasming and leaking pussy, exposing her large breasts in the process. Nicole's face was burning as she realised what she was doing but couldn't help but moan.

The firefighter stood there rather awkwardly, having realised what had happened to the ginger exhibitionist. Still, she knew she had a job to do, and she grabbed one of Nicole's shaking arms, pulling her into a standing position on her weak shaky legs (which she noted had white lady honey running down them) as the girl continued to moan.

It must have taken another two floors for Nicole to fully recover from her orgasm, because before she knew it, the firefighter had dragged her to the staircase right before the ground floor. Her eyes widened as she realised that she was about to be thrown outside in front of all her neighbours and the building occupants in just the tank top, straight after an orgasm!

The image and the fact this this was all happening made all the released sexual energy Nicole had just expelled build back up in an instant, and the redhead groaned at the fact that she was already so horny again! This wasn't her plan! She never wanted to be seen like this! But the firefighters grip on her made it impossible for her to get away! Just as they reached the bottom floor, the elevator dinged, doors sliding open to reveal a pair of wet panties sitting there in the middle of it. Nicole wanted to grab them, but one look from the firefighter told her she wasn't going to be allowed out of her gasp.

"W...wait!" Nicole tried her best, pleading with all her might to no avail, as she was dragged towards the door of the building. Her heart was pounding in her chest, and her clit was throbbing. She could easily see fifty people through the glass of the door, and the firefighter dragged her over, and in one fell swoop, pulled the door open and unceremoniously threw the ginger out, in front of everyone.

In an instant all eyes were on her; all the blushing redhead could do was look back at everyone. They were all looking at her standing in front of them, her only clothing being a black tank top. A tank top that did nothing to cover her bush, her large breasts having fallen free once again as the firefighter was dragging her.

"Isn't that the girl from the tenth floor?"

"Wow, couldn't even put on pants before evacuating..."

"Wait, is she wet?"

"Oh my god! She's so horny, look at her!"

"Look? I can smell it..."

Nicole's face burned at hearing the comments of her neighbours, in between her legs seeming to burn even more. Nicole couldn't believe she could feel herself dripping onto the concrete below, trying to tug on the tank top and contort her body in some was so as to cover herself from their invading gaze, but all it proved to do was to give all of her neighbours an impressive view of most of her body, and accidentally make her step her bare foot in her own lady goo, puddled on the ground.

"I need to... get back..."

Nicole could barely form words at this point, pulling and stretching at her tank top, the firefight who had thrown her out here still blocking the door, not letting her inside. Nicole twisted her hands around the tank top, she was shamefully close to another orgasm, a light breeze could set her off, she needed cover, the tank top had to be enough to cover herself! It just had to stretch a little more!

*rriiiippp*

All at once, the redhead realised what had happened as the snickering crowd suddenly went silent, and she felt a pressure on her shoulders disappear in an instant. Looking down she saw her tank top straps fall from her shoulders, the garment slipping down, exposing her large tits in their full glory to the crowd, nipples erect and point accusingly at the crowd, as if begging for attention of some sort. Nicole gasped as her hand let go of the hem, and the top slid down her body, pooling at her bare feet.

Naked.

Completely bare ass naked before a crowd of her building's residents, outside the building. Nicole's bare tits, all the way down to her pussy, on full display to her neighbours. Suddenly, her arousal wasn't as much of a problem as it was a threat. Nicole could feel it building up, the redhead feeling like her entire body was vibrating with how turned on she was.

Almost as slowly as it seemed her clothing had ripped, Nicole brought both hands to covering positions, her left arm going across her breasts, her right hand landing between her legs. The crowd in front of her continued their stares and laughter, as the busty girl felt tingles shoot through her body, and juices running down her legs. Covering her pussy was a mistake, she was going to drive herself to and orgasm!

Right as the thought crossed her mind, Nicole heard a voice call out from behind her,

"Drill's finished, you can all go back inside now!"

Had Nicole been listening, she would have been relived at this news, but unfortunately for her, she could only hear her own pulse in her ear, could only feel the wind against her completely nude form, and could only see the buildings occupants, her neighbours, staring back at her, all eyes on her exposed body.

With a thrust forward of her hips and a loud moan, Nicole climaxed, her fingers digging into her contracting pussy, as she felt her juices spill out onto the concrete below her feet. Nicole had never felt such bliss, such pleasure in her life, as her eyes rolled back and she fell to her knees, moaning out as she came from her own hands. While she felt herself coming down from her orgasm, her fingers were still at work inside her, pushing her into another sweet climax, and she imagined all of her building, watching the exhibitionist redhead cum in front of them.

Trembling, she pulled her fingers out of herself, still shuttering and moaning at what had occurred. She was going to kill Kate for putting this stupid idea in her head. But right now she had more pressing issues. She needed to get back upstairs to her apartment, get dressed and then never show her face in the building again. With the crowd still staring at her, Nicole shakily got to her feet, her hands remaining in covering positions, as she ran back inside the building making for the elevator. As she approached, another firefighter was once again, blocking her path.

"Elevator's still closed for the drill, you'll need to take the stairs..."

Without another word the blushing ginger turned and made for the stairs, bare feet slapping against each one as the naked girl felt her arousal growing once again with each step. Oh yeah, she was gonna kill Kate for putting this stupid idea in her head... right after two or three more orgasms when she got home... 
 