“So I have to say, crossing us probably wasn’t the best decision you’ve ever made in your life,” Draco announced, expression surprisingly nonchalant as he stared down at the man, bound and gagged, kneeling at his feet. His gun glittered in the low light of the warehouse, almost beautiful in all of its threats. “After all, if you’d just left the money where we asked for it, when we asked for it, you wouldn’t be in this mess.”

His thumb worked, muscles flexing as it shifted to cock the weapon, clicking the safety off with a certain level of precision that showed any onlookers exactly how good a shot Draco was. He sighed, seemingly disappointed by the entire turn of events. “Just dumb luck, I suppose.”

The bullet exploded, and the man fell backwards awkwardly. His legs splayed out at unwieldy angles, and he toppled into a quickly spreading puddle of sticky gore, blood and the like clinging to messy hair. Draco stepped around the man, admiring both the entrance wound neatly nestled between the eyes and the exit wound, wide and gaping just above the cement floor. Giving a small nudge to the corpse with one pristinely shined shoe, he waved one hand forward, beckoning.

“Miss Whisp. Take care of this, will you?”

Hermione wrinkled her nose where she lingered just behind Draco, pulling out and flipping open her cell phone in one practiced motion. She turned away from both her boss and the body, staring up blankly as if pleading for some last moment of life - she hadn’t looked a corpse in the eye yet, and she wasn’t planning on changing that any time soon. It was probably the most gruesome sight she had to deal with in both her time with MI-6 and the family, and one that begged the question - why was she still there?

Perhaps it was because she had given away too much already - accessing Draco’s personal files on those well-known members of MI-6 and updating them, managing to provide him with a rough idea of the layout of the buildings: warehouses, offices and the like. She’d had to keep his trust, and sleeping with him would wane eventually. Draco had raised one curious brow at her when she said she knew what she was doing, challenging her to reveal herself as some double-agent. She’d done nothing of the sort, instead attempting to prove the opposite by giving him more than she should have.

She swallowed deeply at the thought of looking at Harry and Ron’s respective files, updating them with a brief killed in action.

There was something inherently bizarre about writing the inconclusive deaths of your closest friends, even if it was merely to throw them off the trail. There was no proof either way that they were dead or that they were alive; because the three of them were the only ones still working on shutting down the family - the rest had laughed the idea off ages ago - there would be no one to argue it. She had swallowed the awkwardness of declaring her ofttimes-boyfriend newly departed, and given in.

Once the call was made, her cell closed, Draco slid his hands around her waist, his mouth finding the shell of her ear. It had been a few weeks since that first morning between them, and they had gone nowhere but up. It was as if nothing could possibly get in the way of either their affair or Draco’s mission proceeding forward. His mouth continued laving at her throat, sucking a small blemish there, finally drawing a laugh out of her.

“I thought you were on the job.”

“I am,” he drawled in reply, nuzzling beneath her hair, his hand wandering downwards slightly. She swatted it away, tucking her phone into her purse again.

“Then perhaps you ought to act like it,” Hermione purred, giving him a small, knowing smile that suggested he would get all he wanted later. A devious smile curved his lips upwards, his hands lingering briefly on her body before she slipped away.

---

“Look, mate, you’re swell and all,” Ron started, giving Harry a pointedly meaningful look to represent all he wouldn’t say, “But I have to say, I’m starting to miss my girlfriend.”

“Has it ever occurred to you that she’s not your girlfriend anymore?” It was one of the only times Harry acknowledged what Ron was saying throughout the entire conversation; he was otherwise occupied with a database - locally accessed - on what they had managed to get out of Hermione thus far. An in-depth discussion of the hierarchy, their weaknesses, their strengths, and everything in between. She had practically assembled an entire dossier on the Riddle mafia for their usage, even if she was hardly around.

Not that Ron really made the most of it.

“Of course she’s my girlfriend. What sort of statement is that?”

“Have you seen these notes on Goyle or Crabbe? She really does pay attention, that girl,” Harry murmured to himself, scrolling through the intricately detailed notes. Ron strode over, leaning over to read over his shoulder.

“You haven’t seen her, have you? She’s just been sending you all this stuff, that’s it?” He asked, gesturing for Harry to scroll faster; he wanted to see someone else’s details.

“This, handwritten notes on what they’re planning...God, I have to ask how she got everything.”

“Clearly she’s sleeping with someone,” Ron muttered bitterly, shoving away from Harry’s chair to throw himself emphatically into a couch. Harry rolled his eyes, ignoring the cries for attention.

“I think she’s just good at her job, Ron. She always was.” Harry closed each of the documents, opening up a cross-sectioned blueprint of a floor in the office mapping out precisely where a number of wiretaps were now hooked up. Each was numbered, a small transmitter placed in a box at Harry’s feet. They were marked only with numbers, the controls coded in the manner the three of them had encrypted years before, in school.

“Have you seen this yet?” He gestured to the map. Ron glanced up just enough to give Harry a dark look, and strained his neck to see.

“No,” the redhead replied blandly, shrugging before falling back to the cushions. “What is it?”

“Wiretaps. One in virtually every office. We have Lestrange, Avery, Carrow, Snape…” Harry shook his head, tapping his lower lip with a pencil as he jotted personal notes - all coded, in case they should fall into the wrong hands. “It’s brilliant. Admittedly, it’s not everyone - it’s not Malfoy - but we have enough here…”

“To what, to nail the whole operation? Are we bringing the wankers down?” Ron asked, suddenly animate as he jumped to his feet.

“Not yet. But we can nail them on one thing.” Harry smirked, pointing with the end of the pencil to a small map attached, with handwritten notes in an unknown scrawl in regards to the next known strike.

“Brilliant.”

---

It was maybe three days later. Harry barely knew anymore; he had been spending night and day at his desk, listening in and scoping out the game plan for the warehouse raid. But they were ready, at least by his standards. Normally, he preferred to live on the edge and fly by the seat of his trousers, but with Ron’s recommendations, he knew that the two of them couldn’t take down what sounded like at least four captains and their personal bodyguards, in addition to however many workers happened to be toting goods back and forth.

With any luck, they wouldn’t encounter too many of those, though. Peering out from where he had staked himself - just behind a large refrigerated container - Harry made sure to keep his breathing near silent. Any noise would give him away. Green eyes darted away from the main area of the currently empty warehouse, filled with boxes and crates of varying size and varying contents, over to where Ron sat, fiddling with a small glowing device. His cell phone, most likely; Harry rolled his eyes skyward at the idea of Ron trying to get ahold of Hermione still. And particularly at a moment like that - do or die.

Ron glanced up then, giving him a nod and a thumbs-up. The large sliding door of the warehouse slid open then, clanging noisily along its rail and signaling the captains’ arrival. Both agents nodded at each other, silently sweeping a weapon from their sides, and cocking them to the ready. Anyone they could take down would be worth it; anyone they could capture would be even more so.

Both glancing around their respective receptacles, they held their ground for another moment longer, waiting with baited breath for the opening they knew they would get. Perhaps there would be something to Hermione's prediction after all.