Ashleys Misadventure At The Gym
by Master_Gav

Ashleys misfortune blesses multiple strangers day.

Ashleys day started like any old day. She woke up, straightened her thong and tight tank top, her normal sleep attire, and made her way to the kitchen to make herself some breakfast. There wasn't a cloud in the sky so as she made her way through her living room the room was very well lit. As she was passing her front door it rang and she could see a man staring right at her through the window adjacent to the door. Ashley screeched and ran back into her room quickly pulling on a pair of old shorts she had laying out on her dresser.

She went back out to answer the door and luckily the man was still there. He was a UPS delivery driver who needed her signature for her new vibrator. Unlucky for Ashley the box had gotten damaged during delivery and it was clearly evident what was inside the box.

"I'm sorry to startle you, but I just needed a signature for this box."

He said while glancing back down at the poorly packaged 8 inch Vibrator that they both could see. Ashley quickly reached out to grab the vibrator and the notepad for her to sign and she quickly scribbled her name while saying

"Thank you."

She returned the notepad to the driver and turned around to close the door but before she could the driver said

"umm miss I think you forgot to pull your shorts up all the way."

Ashley quickly dropped the package and flew her hands back to her butt and she could feel her thong still very clearly peaking out above her shorts. For the second time that morning she screeched a loud yell and while pulling her shorts up with one hand slammed the door shut with the other.

Ashley was quite turned on by the embarrassing morning and she had been waiting weeks for the vibrator to come. She took the vibrator out of the destroyed box and went back inside her bedroom ripping off her shorts and underwear. She took the vibrator and she was so turned on it slipped right inside of her and the rabbit vibrator was placed perfectly on her clit. She started screaming in ecstasy as she grabbed her left tit with her other hand through her thin tank top. After a short 30 seconds she could feel herself getting near an orgasm so she started really pulling on her nipple and at the last second she ripped the vibrator out and she squirted all over her bed. She laid there for about 10 minute riding out the powerful orgasm she had and mentally thanked the UPS driver.

After that she went back to doing what she was planning on doing before the distraction, making breakfast. She went back to the kitchen where she quickly made herself some eggs and grabbed herself a preworkout drink. She quickly ate because she was eager to get to the gym. That day it was leg day and her favorite day.

Moving along she cleaned up from breakfast and went to take a shower, she loved looking her absolute best when she was at the gym. When she got to the bathroom and stripped her clothes off of her for the second time she stopped and gazed in the mirror at her reflection. In the reflection she saw a 5'8, blonde haired girl with well toned abs and a nicely shaped ass from years in the gym. She had just turned 23 and the only thing she didn't like about herself was her tits. For years her friends told her "they'll eventually grow just be patient." But they never did grow and she was stuck with her 32Bs. They weren't the smallest she'd ever seen but she just wasn't happy with them.

She stopped gazing at her reflection and hopped in the shower. Once she finished showering she started trying to pick out what she wanted to wear. She picked her favorite pair of panties, a bright orange thong that made her feel sexy whenever she wore it. For her leggings she picked out pinkish white leggings that she had just gotten from a new brand she found on amazon. Ashley paired those with a pushup bra and tight tank top the same color as her pants to make the illusion of her tits being bigger than they actually are. She paired that with a pair of white sneakers and white Nike socks. Then she put on a fair amount of makeup so she looked her absolute best and made her way to the gym.

As she was pulling into the parking lot of her gym she could see it was about half full. It was a very big gym so she wasn't worried about people being in her way. She found a parking spot near the back of the lot, checked her makeup one more time and made her way on into the gym. Once she got inside she checked in with the front desk worker, a good looking guy in his mid twenties, she flashed him her perfectly white smile and made her way to the cardio and stretching room to get ready for her workout. What she didn't realize is that she forgot to check if the leggings were see-through at all. Every guy behind her had a clear view of her orange thong thanks to how sheer the material of her leggings were. No one had the guts or they simply didn't want to tell the attractive blonde about her wardrobe malfunction.

So she went on her way and made her way into the cardio room. It was an open area with about 30 treadmills and 15 stationary bikes. There were only about 15 people in the room but the way they spaced out Ashley had to go to the first row of treadmills to avoid being right next to someone running. This wasn't a problem for her because she was confident in how she looked so she made her way up there and did a few light stretches in front of the 15 people that were a mix of 18-40 year old men and women.

There was a 21 year old guy in the second row of treadmills right behind Ashley named Derrick who immediately caught sight of Ashleys poor wardrobe malfunction. He was star struck and didn't know how to tell her so he just kept on running and kept his eyes glued right on her well toned ass.

About 10 minutes had passed and Derrick was supposed to be done with cardio 5 minutes ago but he just couldn't walk away from something like this. Eventually Ashley got off and went to start her workout and Derrick followed along shortly after to see if he could get anymore glances of the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen. Luck was in Derricks' favor because Ashley was starting her workout off with Squats and as she made her way to an open squat rack Derrick was able to find a bench press in perfect view of the woman he was smitten over.

Ashley started squatting and everytime she went down with the weight the whole gym had a perfect angle of the thong-clad ass and no one had the heart to tell her. This went on for Ashleys' 4 sets of squats and then she made her way to the leg press. Once she got there Derrick knew he wasn't going to be able to see anymore of her and decided that he should put the woman out of her misery.

"Hey I'm not sure how to really say this but I think your leggings are kind of see-through." Derrick said.

Ashley looked at him confused for a few seconds trying to remember if she knew him and if it was a prank because she thought there was no way she was this unlucky in one day. Then she didn't see a smile come across the strangers' face and she said

"Are you being serious?"

Derrick replied while laughing "I wish I was."

Ashley quickly got up and looked at her butt and realized she could clearly see her thong and her butt through pants. She tried being as quiet as possible but she said out loud "God Damnit." and sprinted off to her car. Once she got there she quickly found the backup pair of sweatpants she keeps for emergencies.

She stayed in the car for a while telling herself "Calm down nobody probably saw you anyway." She worked up the nerve to go back inside to finish her workout because it was a 20 minute drive from her house and she didn't want to waste it. Eventually Ashley worked up the courage to go back inside with her old and worn sweatpants and her pinkish white athletic tank top.

She made her way back over to the leg press and saw Derrick still close by doing dumbbell curls. She walked up to say

"Thank you for telling me I can only imagine how many creepy guys just sat and stared."

Derrick responded only slightly stuttering due to the fact that he was one of those creepy guys

"n-n-n no problem, if you need any help finishing up your workout I'll be around."

Ashley smiled at him and went back to her workout. In her haste she didn't realize that when she put her sweatpants on there was a big rip down one of the pant legs and it was dangling behind her ever so slightly. Derrick also didn't notice it so Ashley went back to her leg press where she loaded up the weight pretty heavy.

As she went to press the weight up she realized that this was a little heavier than she should probably be doing but she still got it up 5 times. When she went to set it down she set it down right on top of the rip in her pants and she didn't realize. As she stood up her pants came flying off of her exposing her in the now crowded gym and everyone stopped and stared. She screamed so loud it would have been impossible not to look and see the gorgeous blonde in a tight tank top and bright orange thong. Once Ashley unfroze from shock she tried pulling her pants back up but she realized why they came down in the first place. So she started pushing on the weight to get it back up but because of the heavier load and the embarrassment she wasn't able to get it to budge.

She was stuck there for a few more moments until Derrick ran over and helped her push it up so she could dislodge her pants and was able to cover herself once more. However when she pulled the pants they tore a lot more and there was now a tear all the way up to her hips so if she moved the wrong way she would be exposed again. She thanked Derrick for the second time that day and he responded by saying

"why don't I cover you so no one else sees you on your way to your car."

She agreed and slowly made her way back out of the gym. Derrick, desperate to help her, followed her closely making sure no one could see any more of the gorgeous blonde woman who was having the worst luck of her life today.

When they got back to the car Ashley was so turned on from all of the embarrassment that she said to Derrick.

"Can you come in the car with me and talk?"

He was shocked by the invitation but he quickly responded

"Yeah absolutely!"

Once Derrick slid into the car Ashley pulled him in for a lustful kiss and it quickly turned into making out. Ashley broke off the kiss and said in a sexy whisper right into his ear.

"Let's go back to my house"

He quickly nodded yes and they sped off to get back to Ashleys house. She reached over and took his big cock out of his pants and was surprised to see it was 10 inches big and it was the most gorgeous cock she'd ever seen. She quickly started jacking him off while driving and he couldn't do anything but sit in pure bliss.

She made it back to her house in record time and they both ran inside. When the door slammed shut behind them Derrick took control of the situation picking up the blonde and pushing her against the door. He kissed her passionately and made his way down to her neck. His hands were exploring her body and eventually he yanked her torn sweatpants right off her.

His gravelly voice came out stern and confident saying

"Where's your room?'

All Ashley could do is simply point to her bedroom that was only a couple feet away. Derrick picked her up again and brought her into the bedroom. While still carrying her he took in the bedroom and noticed the bed and he noticed something. Ashley had left her vibrator right on her bed right next to her pillow. He slammed Ashley down on the bed and grabbed the vibrator and held it up to her.

"Is this what you want?" He asked metaphorically.

She quickly nodded up and down. Her thong was soaking wet and she ripped it off of her and threw it to the side. Derrick quickly took the vibrator rubbing it alongside her slit, getting it nice and wet and then as quickly as he could he slammed it inside of her while turning it on at the same time. It was pressed up against her g spot and clit and she knew she wasn't gonna last long. Ashley wrapped her delicate hands around Derricks neck and pulled him for another passionate kiss. Derrick then with his other hand pulled up Ashley tight tank top and bra and started lightly playing with her nipples. Ashleys moans got so loud she knew her neighbors next door could clearly hear everything. At that moment she wouldn't have cared if they were watching her.

She started screaming "IM CUMMING"

Over and over again she kept screaming and Derrick quickly pulled the vibrator out and with his other hand kept rubbing her clit. For the second time that day she started squirting all over covering Derrick. This turned him on so much he shedded his clothes in two seconds and slammed his hard cock into Ashley. She had her eyes closed after her climax so she didn't see him lining his cock up and she let out the loudest moan Derrick had ever heard. He knew he wasn't gonna last long after the partial handjob in the car and how long he had been staring at this beautiful woman. He started hammering into her and he lifted her legs up and rested them on his strong shoulders. As he got very close to climax he pulled out with the first spurt flying all the way up and landing on Ashleys cheek. He continued to cum landing multiple shots between her tits and well toned abs.

As he finished he rolled to the side of her and they both were trying to catch their breath after their powerful orgasms.

He finally said "We should do this again sometime." while laughing

She responded with "I don't think I could handle the embarrassment like that ever again"

Little did she know, her embarrassment wasn't over.


