Family Sex Night
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Please observe copyright information found on Chapter 1 of this story.  

Please read previous chapter since each chapter builds on the previous one.
	
CHAPTER FIVE

	Of course, Jane swallowed Mark's come. Semen splashed in her throat, where the spurting head was wedged tight. It came in thick creamy gushes, spilling down her gullet. Jane flexed her throat muscles as she gulped. Semen slid slowly, heavily. She held tight to his trim hips, which shook with tension, sweaty in her hands. Mom lovingly fondled Mark's hair, which was damp with sweat. His ecstatic cries were muffled by the fat nipple and section of white breast, which filled his mouth.

	Not far from the trio of Mom, Mark, and Jane, Daddy excited Linda. He fondled her breasts with one hand. His other hand was down between her legs, inside her panties, his wiggling fingers stretching the panty crotch. Linda's pussy lips were warm and wet with her own secretions. Daddy's middle finger was inside her, shoving in and out of her sex. Linda writhed on the couch, breasts bobbing, long legs flexing, bent at the knees.

	Her right arm dangled off the edge of the couch, reaching her hand down between his legs, where she gripped his stiff penis and fondled it lovingly. Daddy was too hot for more teasing, tantalizing foreplay. His fingers glimmered wetly when he took them out from her panties. He took hold of the panties, tugging them down her hips.

	Linda lifted her bottom off the cushions, so the panties could be pulled off. Daddy yanked them down her thighs, knees, calves, ankles, and off her feet, Linda spread her legs for Daddy. 	He climbed on the couch, mounting his daughter. Linda reached up for him, wrapped her arms around his upper back as he covered her with his flesh.

	Her breasts were pressed by his broad chest, her soft bosom flesh spreading to the sides, her nipples throbbing against him. 	His cock glided over her satiny skin, rubbed her fleecy bush. He raised himself on elbows and knees, then reached under his hips and took hold of his cock. Linda wanted it, wanted it badly, but he teased her first, rubbing the cock head up and down her pussy lips, before he put it in her. Finally, when an impatient Linda squealed with hunger and sexual frustration, he gave in to her desires and his own.

	He pressed his cock head against her pussy lips and pushed it in. She was wet and hot and tight, and her slippery membranes clutched the head of his cock. He stuffed the cock head in her, then lowered himself down on her, in her, the weight of his body sinking his cock deep into her tight pussy. The member which had fathered Linda now fucked her.

	Beneath her daddy, she was slippery as an eel. Her pussy was all fire and honeyed satin, firing sexual heat in his thrusting cock. He pressed into her, sinking her soft pink form deep into the cushions. Her smooth pink legs, twined with his strong hairy ones, thrashed. Daddy fucked his darling daughter. He loved it, and so did she. Mom and Jane playfully wrestled Mark down to the floor. Dazed, dizzy from his heated orgasm, he sank down on the deep pile carpet.

	Jane was all over him, giggling as she pressed her lithe wicked body against his. She was a hot-blooded little minx, a vixen. Her nipples stood out like pink pebbles pasted to the tips of her tender breasts. 	She pushed Mark down on his back on the floor, and squatted over him, straddling his hips, her knees planted on either side of his flanks.

	Her legs were folded under her, and the soft sweet promise of her delicate pussy lips hovered over his still-stiff, twitching cock. A pair of feet were planted on either side of Mark's head. Mom stood over him, hands planted on her wide hips, smiling down. Mom reached between her legs and touched herself. Her dark dusky pussy lips rippled as the stroking fingers rolled over them.

	Mom's legs bent at the knees. Facing her son's feet, she lowered herself down on him, so that her pussy was poised over his gasping open mouth. Mom squatted over his face. Rich musky perfume from her pussy filled his lungs. His mouth watered. Mom touched her flesh to his lips.
She rocked back and forth, glidingly brushing her pussy lips against his parted lips. Her flesh rippled and quivered when it passed over his.

	Mark lifted the back of his head from the floor and pressed his mouth against Mom's pussy and wetly kissed it up and down and all over. Mom sighed when he put his tongue up inside her. Breasts bobbing, she lowered herself all the way down on her boy's mouth. Her pussy lips split and spread, exposing her slippery dripping membranes, which pulsed against his lips as it pressed down on them.

	Mark's happy face was engulfed by wet woman-flesh ... his mother's heated pussy. The taste of her was strong and thick on his licking tongue, satisfying. His lips pressed her pussy lips as his tongue probed deep, rolling over the membranes to lick the savory juices from them and swallow them down. Mark felt like he was in a swampy steam bath which heated him to a fevered pitch.

	Jane took hold of her brother's penis. It was semierect, red, rubbery, flexible. She pulled and kneaded it, massaging firmness into it. She pressed its red head against the soft warmth of her pussy. Mark shivered, his hips lifting from the floor, his cock jumping in her grip-She caressed the divide in the center of the sac which held his swollen sensitive balls. Jane stuck her finger in her mouth and sucked it. She smeared saliva on her pussy, wetting the pussy lips. She pressed his knobbed cock head against her slitted sex and took it inside her. The cock was held by her tight and narrow passage.Jane took him deep, sitting on his cock so that it filled her.

	Red heated color rose up into her sighing gasping face as she was penetrated. She squealed and shivered when her pussy lips pressed the base of his shaft. Jane's thighs pressed his flanks. She moved, taking his cock back and forth, in and out, never releasing the cock head. Mom moved her hips, rubbing her crotch against mark's face, smearing it with her thick juices. His tongue rolled up to the top of her slit. It slid under the sheltering fleshy pussy lips, pressing the marbled flesh of the clitoris, which throbbed heavily when the tongue rolled over it.

	Mom rocked her hips back and forth, rubbing her clitoris against the tongue tip. Mom and her daughter Jane squatted over either end of Mark, facing each other, riding him for their pleasure and his own. Mom rode her son's mouth, while Jane rode her brother's cock.

	Daddy fucked Linda hot and heavy. Their bodies, slippery with sweat, writhed passionately on the couch as Daddy neared his orgasm.	Reaching under Linda, he clutched her rounded bottom cheeks, cupping them in each hand, gripping them tightly so his fingers sank into the flesh. Holding her, he tilted her hips to the best angle of entry for his cock to fuck her pussy. His hands controlled her movements.

	His cock was a thick rod of flesh pumping in and out of her tight pussy. Linda's eyes were squeezed shut, their thick lashes fluttering with each stroke which shafted back and forth inside her. Her face was tight and lined with erotic tension and stress, as she breathlessly raced for her climax.

	Fire raged in her sex, stoked hotter and hotter with each flaming stroke of the swollen shaft across her pulsing pink pussy membranes. Her sweaty buttocks rippled in his clutching hands. He spread her buttocks and slipped his fingers deep down into her tight bottom cleft. She whinnied like a spooked mare when his fingers pressed her little hole. Her ass-hole was a wrinkled dimple of pink folded flesh lodged deep in the cleft of her bottom. It throbbed when his fingertip pressed it.

	Driving his thrusts relentlessly into her, he pressed the tip of his middle finger into her hole, which tightly resisted the invader. He put a good part of his middle finger inside her hole. She cried out. Her tight passage clutched his finger with vise-like pressure. Her rectum quivered convulsively, clamping down on his finger. Her pussy did the same thing to his member when he pushed it all the way in and held it there.

	His thick cock, stretching the membranes of her tight pussy, pounded against them when it throbbed and twitched with the oncoming orgasm. Daddy came inside his daughter. From deep in the pit of his belly, deep moaning groans were forced from him by the fury of his orgasm. Linda was wailing and crying under him as she came with a shattering climax.

	His thick member, holstered deep in her flesh, spurted semen into her in heavy gushes. The come was creamy, cool, soothing against her heated membranes. Linda shook, shivered, and sobbed with ecstasy. His finger was still inside her, and her moans came faster when he wiggled it inside her. 	Mark pleasured two females at once.

	Mom's face was creased with leering pleasure as she rode his lips and tongue. Her clitoris was swollen with stimulation, engorged, red, throbbing. No matter whether she moved forward, backward, or sideways, Mark dutifully kept his tongue glued to her clitoris. Her heavy breasts bobbed quite dramatically, flailing this way and that, so she finally had to take hold of them.

	Mom held her lush breasts in both hands. She squeezed them together, thrilling to the sensation of soft smooth bosom flesh contacting. Jane's groping fingers crawled over her mother's bosom. Jane stroked the oversized breasts, toying with her mother's fat brown nipples. As she reached for Jane to embrace her, Mom leaned forward, which caused her pussy to press even more firmly against her son's face.

	Jane leaned forward to meet her mother, her membranes sliding against Mark's hard hot rod. Mother and daughter locked mouths together in a thrilling kiss. Mom put her tongue in Jane's mouth. They rubbed tongues, their jaws flexing. Mom fondled Jane's nubile breasts.
Mom playfully tweaked the girl's pink nipples, which were so much smaller than her own fat brown nipples. Jane leaned into Mom, meeting her caresses, her breasts bobbing both from Mom's touch, and from the rocking movement of her hips as she fucked her brother.

	Jane was going to come. A wave of heat washed through her, making her dizzy. The girl ground her hips into Mark's. His cock jerked inside her. Mark arched his back, lifting his hips off the carpet. His buttocks were clenched as he drove his coming cock deep up inside his sister. Jane was much tighter in her pussy than Mom was. Her sex gripped Mark's cock, clutching it tightly, squeezing semen from it.

	Mark shook as he came. Jane squealed with breathless delight. Ecstasy forced cry after moaning cry from Mark. Since his mouth was fastened to his mother's membranes, she felt all the vibrations of those cries. They rippled thrillingly through her membranes, giving her an extra thrill. She ground her pussy hard against her son's mouth, demanding attention.

	Fighting off the daze of his orgasm, Mark applied his tongue tip against Mom's throbbing clitoris, flicking it, whipping it over the node of flesh. Mom gasped, then grunted as though struck in the stomach. She had been struck by her climax. As she came, heat waves radiated from her pussy, the center of the inferno being her clitoris, where Mark's licking tongue whipped her.

	Squealing, she pressed her plump smooth thighs against his head with a powerful squeezing grip, grinding her pussy into his face. Mark's mouth and nostrils were sealed with her pink slippery pussy flesh, smothering him for an instant, while Mom shook from her orgasm.

	Mom shook her moaning face from side to side. Breath hissed out of her like steam boiling from a tea kettle. Her pussy quivered convulsively against her son's sucking, licking mouth. After an instant, Mom sagged forward, lifting her pussy and her ass up off Mark's face, which was bright red and shining.

	He gasped for breath, still sighing from his orgasm. Jane sat on him for a long time. Her eyes were shut. She sat perfectly still and quiet, her breasts rising and falling, her pussy squeezing his cock. Mom climbed off Mark's face and sat on the floor, resting her wide bottom on the deep pile carpet, spreading her legs wide open. Her black bush, soaked through and saturated with her son's saliva, was shimmering like a sealskin. Her dark pussy lips dripped silver saliva.

	A red flush showed on her breasts and rippling belly. She rested her palms on the floor, her breasts rising and falling with slow deep breathing. Jane at last rose up off Mark, making him moan when her sleek pussy glided up and off his swollen cock. As she raised herself up, Mark's cock emerged from inside her thin-lipped slit. The red shaft was sticky and wet and shining. Her pussy lips spread wider to release his knobbed cock head. It smeared semen on her pussy lips, then popped free.

	Jane stretched out alongside Mark. She lay on her side, with her thighs pressed against her pussy, which still quivered and flexed. She pressed her thighs against her pussy lips, for extra pleasure. Jane was filled with softly billowing warm afterglow which oozed through her.
Mark's come oozed inside her. Some of it trickled down her crotch, spilling on her pale pink smooth thighs, leaving shiny smears of wetness.

	Mark lay on his back, dazed and delighted. His cock, red and sensitive, jerked and bobbed until Jane's hand closed around it. Jane squeezed the cock and gripped it, sheltering it from the empty air with the smooth pulsing warmth of her soft palm and slim fingers.

	Daddy stirred himself and climbed off Linda. He raised his upper body, clenched his buttocks, and withdrew his cock from inside her. Linda sighed, her breasts bobbing as she shifted and squirmed on the couch. Daddy sat on the edge, with his feet on the floor, and his hand on her hip. The family rested now. The night and the weekend had just begun. Mother and father, sisters and brother, might all go off to their own bedrooms. But they would not go there to sleep, and they would not stay there long.

To Be Continued

