Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 16/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
scot25 prompt : Lioness
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

Spike reminded Giles of a lion protecting his pride, or more precisely a lioness – stalking up and down the room, scowling at the 'danger' that was too close for comfort. The looks he was throwing at Willow were dark and threatening, and for a moment Giles wished that Buffy had stayed.
But she had left in tears, unable to stay around after she discovered all of the things that Willow had done, all of the spells she had cast on Buffy over the years. Many of them were meant to be of assistance – a spell to protect her heart after Angel left which had the unfortunate effect of hardening it so much that it was a struggle to let anyone in. Perhaps that explained why her relationship with Riley had stuttered, why he had felt that she didn't let him in. It definitely explained her antagonistic attitude towards Angel. Perhaps done with the best of intentions but it hadn't allowed her to heal from the pain, and knowing that the cleansing ritual could well mean she would have to deal with all of that in one fell swoop was intimidating. Other spells were not so easily forgiven – memory spells when she and Willow had argued, spells that blurred decisions she had made until she was looking back over the years and wondering about every single step she had taken.

The discovery that the hot chocolate that Willow had made for her contained a 'control' spell that would have effectively made her Willow's slave had sent her over the edge into tears. Willow had tried to justify it by saying that Buffy was making rash decisions, believing in the Initiative and preparing to leave the Hellmouth when their actions regarding Xander had proven them to be unworthy of trust. But it was too late, especially as they hadn't known about the Xander situation when she had prepared the spell, and her continued lies and twisting of facts was enough to make Buffy walk away, exclaiming that she didn't recognise her friend anymore and wasn't sure if she would return while Willow was around.

Angel had gone to sleep at last, the decision made that as soon as nightfall came the three vampires would be returning to LA. Spike and Xander had come downstairs cautiously, Xander avoiding looking at Willow as he took a seat on the sofa, accepting the mug of human blood gratefully from Giles. Unable to go outside for a cigarette, Spike was even more fractious and it didn't bode well for the coming conversation that he was so riled up already.

“Xander – I – I'm so sorry”.

“Are you Will? What are you sorry for in particular? The make up spells, using me as a guinea pig? Or the repelling spells that turned me into a demon magnet? Oh I know, how about the big one – you know the one I mean don't you Willow?” Xander's voice was low and almost trembling with anger, and he held himself stiffly.

“It wasn't like that!! Why won't anyone believe me – I didn't mean any harm, I truly didn't”. Tears were streaming down Willow's face, her eyes large and imploring.

“If you didn't mean any harm, how come you didn't ask permission?” She was stymied momentarily, not expecting Xander to fire back so quickly. Perhaps not expecting Xander to remain angry.

“Some of them were so small, it seemed silly – I knew you wouldn't mind”. Her eyes flicked to Spike as he made a grunting noise in response, then she looked down at her lap. “And a few of them – I knew you didn't want anyone knowing what it was like at home. I did it to protect you from your parents, I couldn't stand the way they treated you”.

“So what's your excuse for the spell that dragged me away from Jesse Will? I'd love to hear how you justify that one – what excuse you could possibly come up with that explains that one away”.

“I – you would have left me behind! It wasn't fair – I didn't want to be pushed out!” She swiped angrily at the tears on her face.

“Giles – is the truth spell still in effect?” Giles nodded. “Willow are you really sorry?” Willow flinched, looking down at her fingers as they twisted in her lap. “No, I didn't think so. You can't answer because you can't lie and you don't want to admit it out loud. The only thing you're sorry about is getting caught isn't it?”

“YES! It's not fair – I was only doing it to keep us together. You all make it sound as though I was some kind of big bad, when all I was doing was keeping us together like a proper family. If I hadn't done it, you would have gone away a long time ago – don't bother denying it. Do you think I didn't know about you and Cordelia, about your plans to try again away from here? I'm not stupid Xander – you can't keep secrets from me. I didn't want you to go so I did what I had to do to make you stay. And I really don't see what's wrong about that – it was for the best. Cordelia wasn't the right person for you”.

“You didn't have the right! You took my choices away, made me a – a slave or drone, only able to do something if you permitted it! That makes you worse than some of our villains of the week – they were demons, what's your excuse?!”

“I'm your best friend!! Does that mean nothing to you? Or because you've got Angel and Spike you don't need me anymore? Is that it – finally found a demon lover who'll stick with you because one's so pathetically chipped he can barely survive without us to take pity on him, and the other's emotionally stunted?!”

At the insult to his Sire and his lover, Xander could no longer hold back on his natural urges, surging to his feet and vamping out. He hissed at her, fighting the urge to attack – to rend the prey that was insulting his line. A blond blur leapt in front of him, shoving him backwards into a corner of the room. Enraged, Xander fought back, using fangs and claws to fight against being captured and confined again.

Stepping in quickly, Giles pulled Willow to her feet and dragged her into the kitchen, out of range of the two fighting vampires.

“Xander. XANDER!!! Pet, it's me – calm down yeah, calm down!” Fighting off the younger vampire whilst trying not to hurt him was severely hampering Spike, and he struggled to keep Xander confined to a small space where he couldn't cause damage that he would potentially regret. Xander was blinded by fear and rage, unable to hear what Spike was saying, or accept that he was in no danger. His demon was convinced Willow represented a threat and wanted to follow it's instincts and kill her before she could do more harm.

“DOWN!” Xander dropped like a stone, cowering away from Sire's angry voice. Angel crossed the room quickly, taking Xander into his arms and leading him to the sofa. “Not cross with you Childe, it's alright”. With Spike on one side and Angel on the other, both stroking and soothing him, Xander slowly calmed down and came back to himself. He was still unable to claim back his human face, he hid his face in Angel's shoulder, holding tightly to Spike's hand so he wouldn't go anywhere. He could vaguely hear Willow crying in the background, Giles apologising to Angel and Spike for things getting out of hand.

Shoving Willow into a corner of the kitchen, Giles risked coming back out and into the lounge. Taking a seat opposite the three vampires, he waited for their attention. His heart broke as he realised Xander was speaking through gut-wrenching tears.

“How could she do this to me? How can she not understand what she's done? What is it about me that people think they can do whatever they like, treat me how they like and it doesn't matter – that I don't matter?”

“Xander, no, that is just so wrong. I'm not making excuses for her actions as they were completely inexcusable. However, she has allowed herself to use her natural magical talents and been tempted towards the darker arts. It's seductive – I fell prey to it myself when I was younger – and at such a young age she wasn't prepared to deal with it. I swear to you, I am taking her to the Coven in San Francisco. They have agreed to bind her powers until such time as they believe she can take a more responsible attitude towards magic – she won't come after you or interfere again”.

Blinking through his tears, Xander looked over at Giles and nodded. He knew once and for all that he had lost his childhood friend, that he didn't want any part of the person Willow had become. But at least he knew she wouldn't be able to do anything further to him or his lovers. It hurt – so much – but it was the most he could ask for.

“Thank you Giles, I really do appreciate it. And I hope you'll understand that it's nothing personal, but I would really just like to go home now”.

“Ya wanna go to your flat here?” Pulling back, suddenly insecure, Spike asked the question that was on both his and Angel's lips.

“What?! No, I mean LA dumbass. Did the fixing of the chip kill off some braincells or something?” Smiling through his tears, Xander leaned over and bumped his forehead against Spike's. “My home is with you two – remember, you were going to convince me every day of the next decade?”

Smirking at the reminder, Spike nodded. “Yeah and I'm a man of my word. Right, Watcher, we're gonna go upstairs, get some rest and then we're out of here. Don't think my boy wants to hang around”. Giles nodded, sad that things had gone this way but understanding.

Rising to his feet, Xander walked over to Giles who got up from his chair. Saying “I know it's not very British, but you're just gonna have to deal G-Man” through a smile, Xander pulled Giles into a tight hug.

“I have asked you numerous times not to call me that”, Giles replied, holding Xander just as tightly and hiding the tears in his eyes by ducking his head. “I never thought I would say this to a vampire, but I love you and am so proud of the man you have become”.

“Love you too G-m – Giles”. Pulling away gently, returning to his human face as he relaxed, Xander smiled sadly. “I'm only going to LA you know – only takes a few hours by car right?”

Giles nodded and slowly let go. He watched with sad eyes as the three vampires went back upstairs, taking off his glasses and polishing them as he considered what should happen next. Sighing, he walked into the kitchen to speak to Willow. But she was gone.