Seriously girl, hear me out? If we were not stuck inside physical bodies most likely you and I would be merging our energy bodies towards oneness right now. But you are all the way over there and I am all the way over here. The physical body is always limiting. But it is also exiting and enhancing, and it's all we know right now. In the case of energy merging all I could tell you is that our energy bodies merged. I could not give you any detail beyond that.
When it comes down to the physical body I can give you all kinds of detail, and I can visualize it. I can visualize how I'd touch a breast of yours before I'd undress you. I would squeeze it, feel it's firmness, it's fullness and it's sensitivity. My hand would reach up to touch the softness of the cheek of your ever so delicate face. And my lips would move forward to meet yours. Our lips would speak the same language. And our lips would have a lot to say, lots and lots. About gentle and soft experiences and about wild and animalistic experiences. And our tongues would go wild trying to express the universal messages of love that we are able to capture in that moment.
I would undress you with my eyes before I'd undress you with my hands. Every bit of skin that I'd expose I'd claim to be mine by placing a kiss on it. Some places I wanna claim as mine more than other places. For example your nipples. Your big and outstanding nipples, full of blood and excitement, waiting for my lips, my tongue and my teeth; biting down ever so gentle, yet ever so intense.
This would all be taking place in my weekend house in the woods. The windows are open letting in the fresh air and sounds of birds and the rustling of the leaves on this warn summer's day. The veil curtains and the breeze are trying to reach you to cover your ever more naked body. We are close by a window and at times the veil curtain does cover you and accentuates and helps celebrate the curves of your divine body. The darkness of your skin contrasting the whiteness of these curtains.
I hear the frogs outside and I realize that as soon as you place your first kiss on my lips I will turn into quite the noble prince. Royal blood will start running through my veins and I will shine with such pride. The trumpets will announce my arrival and the flags will be waving wherever I go.
I undress myself and push you up against the wall between 2 windows. My body is trying to press you into the white plaster wall so that I may have an imprint of your perfect body for the rest of my life. No luck so far, but I'll keep trying. And every time I press my body fully against yours you whimper from a deep felt pleasure. Our eyes meet and slowly our lips move in closer. But they are held back, first our foreheads meet, followed by our noses and in the end our breath. Making the introduction by breathing deeply into one another and heralding all that what is to come.
And when you move in all of a sudden with such hunger from the fullness of your lips to cover mine I explode with sensations all over my body. My body this lifetime, from past lifetimes and future lifetimes. Giving me such a shock that in that lifetime when I was tightrope walker I almost fell into Niagara Falls. Or did I? Cause it sure felt like it.
And I can't wait till the next time I hurt myself so I can see my royal blue blood run out of me. And no mater how big the cut, I will not bandage it even if my life depended on it. I have waited too long to return back to being part of that royal bloodline after being cast away for my arrogant mistakes. But now that I've been humbled I feel worthy again, and I receive my blessings with nothing but gratitude.
Church bells in the far distance are ringing. The wind picked up and the veil curtains that reach down to the floor from both windows are now covering us. We are like a marble Rodin statue that just like all his work really captures the intensity of all the different emotions being expressed through one physical embrace so strongly that it puts mythology to shame. And even if Zeus himself came down from mount Olympus right now to take you as his lover I am not worried. The strength you bring out in me is far superior to all the powers of all the Gods combined.
Your sweet nectar aroma brings me back into the moment and I realize it is time for me to go home. Home inside that cathedral, the bells have been ringing the doors are opening wider and wider. And the organ is breathing air so filled with passion that the Gods use a similar grade to heal all their wounds instantly with, so that eternal life and youth is an easy task to perform.
My super hard penis is at your opening. An opening that feels so wet and moist it feels like I am about to be baptized and forgiven for all my sins. I am a believer!
I lift up your right leg which allows for even easier entrance. I like Jesus throw out all the vendors and salesmen from that place of worship. This is one place in the world that is not for sale. And those that have paid money to enter here are those mortals who only value fool's gold.
Because the real thing is not for sale. You could try to sell your soul, but even that won't work. You can grab a silver platter and try to serve your soul as an offering and you might get lucky. But it's essence can never ever be fathomed by luck, let alone be affected by it in any way or form.
Something that is so powerful every religion has set itself against it but only out if fear and never out of wisdom. And all religions were able to build its self up only because this feminine essence is so strong. Any religion would collapse in seconds if it wasn't for this feminine essence that it is bracing itself against. But no religion will ever acknowledge such a thing. How could they if they don't even understand it.
And I am about to enter this place of worship, this place of transformation this oracle of human potential.
But realizing all this I can't, and I drop to my knees in worship. I cover your gateway to heaven with kisses. I bring my hands together in prayer that I might be worthy to enter. And I pray that I might be blessed with the knowledge to know how to awaken mother ekstasis so fully and voluptuously into your shapely body that she will stick around forever.
And if I was to erect a statue in honor of God I wouldn't erect anything at all. Not because he declared that no such thing could be done in his likeness, but because I believe that it's likeness is truly the space in between the walls behind that door that I'm looking at from only inches away in this moment in time. It's the space that the feminine holds so intensely, whether she has her legs wrapped around you or whether you are simply in the same room as her enjoying a fresh cup of tea. It makes you stand up, it makes you be a man, it makes you learn to show up no matter what the challenges are, or what the wrong doings you might have endured in life have been.
I am so little and I have so much to learn. But here I am on my crush course towards love.
I see droplets lingering on your labia. My tongue licks every droplet from this deep well. Yet more and more droplets of your sweet nectar keep coming my way from this grotto of Delphi, and my tongue hovers there like a hummingbird. Something I can only do if I spread my wings as wide as possible.
I look up and see as much as I can that is not already covered by the veil curtains that are wrapped over our bodies. Luckily for me the fullness of your olive skinned breasts is allowing me to see your face through this well rounded cleavage frame. You smile at me and say, "I need you inside me!"
I usually don't do so well with commands. Declaring that I have free will and that I make my own choices.
But this is different, this is divine providence speaking to me. This is me learning that the great divine plan is still a mystery to me. But I have the best teacher in the whole world helping me onto my feet. So I am guaranteed to make headway soon.
I can't help but place my hands back on mount Olympus and mount Sinai. And both feel like they wanna erupt as soon as I touch them.
Your hand is on my super excited penis. Is that really mine? It seems way bigger than I've ever seen it. You pull whoever that is closer to your body to have it inside you. It stays connected to my body so that monster down there must be mine. Your eyes are looking deeply inside me, wanting me, desiring me. Which is amazing. After all I'm just a mere mortal born from very mortal parents in a regular house in a normal street. And there were no Gods overlooking the whole procedure as far as my knowledge goes. Two people having sex, popped a baby 9 months later that has been struggling to grow up ever since. But is now all of a sudden allowed to enter the holy of holies. Miracles after all do happen I guess. I sure as hell and heaven have prayed for this.
So if I have asked for this, and I am being called in. Why still resist it?
I immediately bend my knees like Beckham and this might not be posh but definitely spice. So I bring myself up, and in, and deep.
I have not even started to move yet let alone fuck. But I've already started to sweat all over my body. My best guess is that the purification has already started. And all toxins are being removed.
Your hands come up and grab my cheeks. You say, "You feel so good inside me." And you kiss me. You tilt your head to the left and our tongues do the spiral dance together. An ancient invocation to awaken the soul. This is a long and gradual process so make sure you come back to it often.
I press your body into the wall deeper out of my desire to be even deeper inside you. You take me in.
It's so amazing to have someone whom I look up to so much and take me in so deeply. And just as I say that I hear these words come from your lips. But can that even be real? Can you feel this way about me? You say, "I can't believe it's you. I'm so lucky you want me."
I let my heart explode for a moment before I say, "I don't want you." And for the next part if the line I thrust inside you hard for a punctuation on every word of the following sentence, "I ... desire ... You ... With ... Every ... Particle ... In ... My ... ... Body." And you explode and melt at the same time. I need to hold your body up or it would fall over, but at the same time your body feels more powerful then the pillars that still hold up Ancient Greece.
I watch your head rest against the wall, eyes closed. I watch your chest heave and rest with both your boobs firmly pressed into my chest. Sweat dripping down your cleavage. Dew drops from the new awakening of time covering the meadow between the mountain tops.
You are so hot. If you were dropped off at the North Pole right now I'd better start collecting a pair of all the animals still remaining and build myself a massive ark to house them all. Then I'd go looking for the most beautiful woman in the world. And I know full well the North Pole is where I'd find her.
You lift up your head, and you lift up your chest as well to take in a deep breath. Your nipples slowly drawing 2 lines by my heart according to some ancient and long forgotten voodoo charm. One nipple engraving me with a protection from any worldly harm. The other magically thinning my skin so that your every touch is felt by my in at least ten fold more deeply.
I have a flashback of seeing you orgasm only moments ago. And I realize that your beauty is at it's most beautiful when in the thrust of ecstasy. And I can't wait to see that again, which is not a figure of speech. It's a reality. And I tell you so. I tell you, "I want to make you come again." I see your excitement and slow it down again. Giving you the old deep thrust for punctuation while saying, "I ... Love ... Seeing ... You ... Come!"
Your excitement is getting so intense for you now that part of you wants to escape these compounds of pleasure and lust. But I give you no room for escape. I place a hand on your face and you decide that chewing on some fingers will help you be less wild. While I continue with, "Show ... Me ... How ... Hard ... You ... Can ... Come!"
Your breathing and whimpering tells me you are getting so close to a new star being born at the same time when you erupt once more.
I am encouraged and encourage you by saying. "Do ... It ..." And at that last punctuation you take it through the roof.
The wind picks up and the veil curtains are flowing freely into the room releasing us from there grasp. And the sunlight is constantly being transformed their swirling motions. I lean back a little while staying deep inside you so I can see the light dancing on your shiny skin that is wrapped so tightly around those sweet curves of yours.
You let your body go limbless and all I can do is help you get to the floor gently. We both land on the floor panting. You lay on your back arms out stretched. I lay on my side as if I was in a modern museum watching a master piece from up close. You look so angelic and luminescent no mater how animalistic you were only seconds ago. And I was right; you are at your most beautiful while and right after you climax.
I hear a cat meow and look over to the French doors that were left open. A black cat walks into the room and it walks straight to you like it knows you. But this is the first time I have brought you over to my weekend house in the woods.
You snuggle up to it for a moment. Which makes me realize that the darkness of your hair is still not as dark as the black of this kitty. It places it's self right by your lap, smelling. It looks like it is ready to take a nap right there on that soft pillow if yours. But then it escapes onto the window sill. A black kitty behind the white see through curtains is a magical sight to behold.
But then the wind picks up quite a bit and lifts the curtains all the way up. I now see the neighbors donkey on the gravel road past the hedge. I think to myself, "Why does he have to escape again, and why does he need to do it at this moment in time."
I run my naked butt out of the French doors trying to do something about it. And when I have the donkey back in sight he has turned into an English gentleman from the 19th century. Which turns out to be a deception of the eye because after I rub my eyes he has disappeared. Unfortunately for me he has transformed into a young lady from that same time period carrying a sunbrella to protect herself from the summer sun. She looks around and notices the lack of any type of clothing on my body and says, "You'd better cover yourself up my mother is about to meet me here." With a thick English accent.
I cover myself the best I can and run back into the house.
I plop myself onto the king and queen size bed that has a very ornate white painted metal head board. You come over to meet me there and you notice the lost expression on my face.
You say, "Sorry I forgot to mention that time travel can occur when you step out into the world right after you made a woman come real hard."
"Say that again?" I plead, but all you do is straddle your self onto my lap. You grab my penis like you are blind person, and as if you are trying to poke around trying to figure out where the door is. It worked, and you got all worked up again as well trying to write a love note on the first page of your vagina with my penis.
You are on your knees and all of a sudden you drop yourself onto my fully erect pillar for the love and care of humanity. You take a moment to adjust your self while I do something about my vitamin double D deficiency and volunteer my hands as your impromptu bra. Now that you are in the position you waist no time. You place your hands on my shoulders and bring your waistline down onto me like you are a sewing machine and you are trying to finish the wedding dress for the wedding tomorrow. And you've only just started.
The smacking of your tight and well rounded booty onto my lap makes it sound painful but is in fact delightful. I am actually the one to first start moaning. But you soon follow. You bring yourself up so high but you never let me slip so that the tip of me is getting so well worked it's sending signals from every cell in my cock to the rest of my body.
Our grunting is getting deeper and deeper. And I feel myself get closer to the point of no return when you suggest to switch it up. You pop me out of you and get down on all fours. I quickly line up behind you and slam it back inside you. For a little while I go high speed till that sensation comes back all over my deeply berried magic wand. I slow down a little and you take over. Pushing me back so that my butt is back on my feet and you are hovering above me. You keep coming up all the way with only your outer lips still holding on to my fully engorged cock head.
You are getting louder and louder and I can't tell anymore whether you are coming anymore or not. You are also so juicy down there that it is no longer a way for me to gage your peak experiences. And who cares anyway. You are having a super heightened state of awareness moment and you look stunning doing it.
I feel myself get real close now and you are already in some frenzied space working that fine toned booty back onto my lap. It seems like you are talking Chinese now and that you are ordering a glass of fresh milk.
For some reason that does it for me and I cramp up entirely as I release the cream top from the milk bottle. You had one more good push in mind, but I slipped out because of my cramping up. But lucky enough my squirting came out so hard and well aimed it took you over the edge as well. You managed to stuff me back in there non the less and try to vacuum seal all the moisture out of my penis to try and preserve it in its perfect state. While you are making so much noise and I must say I love that you are this verbal when you let go. Screaming, "Hail Marry! Mother of God. Haaaiiilll Fuuuuuckkk Marryyy Fuuuuuuuuucccckkkk!"
There is nothing more that I'd like to do right now but lay down with you all snug into my arms. But there is one little curiosity inside of me. And I run outside as quick as I can and find Cleopatra taking one of her famous milk baths. But mind you her bath tub is like a Mediterranean swimming pool. She lifts her body up when she sees me and now I can see the milk drop from her pear shaped boobies. And I somehow feel thirsty all of a sudden, and I want a cookie. See checks me out and it looks like she likes what she sees. I look down and see that if I was a bow my arrow is pointing straight at her. There is a naughty smile on Cleopatra's face and she gives me a quick wink before I return back in the house to take you back in my arms.You purr for a moment to let me know how content you are. Then you ask, "Who did you see?"
"Cleopatra" I say, and after a brief moment I continue, "Do you think she knows about time travel?"