Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 14 - Mikey Gets a Dare (Part 18)

All former attempts at maintaining a neutral visage were thrown out the window as every bit of my energy and attention was required to fight the surge of arousal. I couldn't stop my face from twisting into an undignified grimace. I held my breath and flexed all the muscles in my legs which caused me to rise up on the tips of my toes.

My sense of propriety was lost as I stood there with my entire naked body tensed and my hips and giant, shaved erection thrust lewdly forward. But I couldn't worry about that. I had to brace against my impending orgasm. Somehow, I don't know quite how, as that first powerful wave crested, I managed to keep myself from cumming. My face red from exertion, I dared a few quick puffs of air as if releasing the pressure valve on an overinflated bicycle tire. But I could feel the dam breaking and the next surge was already incoming.

I was only saved by a clattering sound from the other room. Everyone jumped, including me, just as my next orgasmic wave hit. But the distraction muted its power just enough for me to survive the impact.

All attention turned toward the hallway as Persi came storming into the room with an angry wail. Her dress had suffered some kind of catastrophic mishap. The front and back panels had been separated, split completely at the seams. She was still holding the front panel modestly over the front of her body, but the back panel hung uselessly in her hand. As she stomped across the room, I tried not to look to closely at her little rounded apple-bottom which so perfectly fit in between Annie and Honesty in its growth stage.

Mel let go of her struggling older cousin, forgetting the battle over Cate's top as ancient history, and turned to hear Persi's grievances.

"Penny tore my dress!" she sniffled. Her accused twin sister meekly entered the room. Penny’s dress was fully intact, but she was walking with a noticeable limp.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Penny begged, "my leg started hurting and I couldn't hold you up anymore."

It was apparent that they had been practicing a rather difficult part of Persi's routine where she leaps into the air to be held aloft by her twin sister. But Penny had dropped her causing the dress to tear in the process. It turns out paper thin cloth made from dried grasses and hand stitched together was extremely fragile.

Lucy seemed to be the only one who cared that Penny had suffered an injury. She went over to check on the limping girl. Persi, on the other hand, was only out for vengeance. She didn't care that her sister was hurt. She just wanted one of the chaperones to affirm Penny's guilt and to meter out a fitting punishment.

"You are not sorry," complained Persi, "you weren't even trying. All you ever do is screw things up and then apologize."

While the twins continued to spar, I had a brief lapse in concentration. Of course, without my brain to stop it, my gaze instantly drifted back over to where the naked tween was earnestly attending to the new sexual sensations awakening within her. Annie’s developing body was beckoning to her, rewarding her fingers for their exploratory efforts with little jolts of pleasure. She was already addicted to the sensation of her fingers sliding up and down the length of her pretty pussy. But nature drove her to keep exploring.

She soon found an even better source of pleasure when her probing finger instinctively decided to push inward. The pale petals of her little mound were parted to reveal its juicy, pink interior. I knew from watching Lucy what was about to happen. She gasped in shock as her finger grazed the special little nub of her clitoris for the very first time in her life.

I could literally follow the shockwave of pleasure as it radiated out from her midsection. She clenched her thighs and her little legs flexed taut causing the water she was standing in to slosh slightly. When she gasped for air, the muscles of her bare stomach rippled adorably. And when her shoulders gave a small, involuntary shiver, her shiny stiff nipples responded with a tiny jiggle of sheer exuberance.

When her eyelids had stopped fluttering, she looked down in awe at herself. She never knew her body was capable of producing such strong, pleasurable feelings. It was then that she noticed how incredibly stiff her tiny nipples had grown. With her right hand still buried in her pussy, she innocently began to move her left hand up to explore those bumps on her chest which had never been of much interest to her before. That's when my brain finally regained enough control over my eyeballs to tear them away from the erotic sight.

Forcing my head to turn away from Annie's inaugural masturbation session, my eyes landed on Lucy, who was massaging the front muscle of Penny's upper leg.

"I think it's just a leg cramp," she diagnosed, "you really should have stretched before you started. That goes for both of you."

Having spent the last few months training for cheerleader tryouts, Lucy knew well the importance of proper stretching before exercise. Penny responded favorably to Lucy's comforting massage. She said the pain was starting to go away but that her other leg was hurting, too. Lucy showed her the proper form and she quickly picked up the technique. Before long, she was happily massaging the soreness out of both her legs all by herself.

The twins were at an impasse on how to resolve the dispute that had caused Persi's dress to be ruined. As the leader, the responsibility to adjudicate such disagreements would normally fall to Cate. But she happened to be busy assessing the damage from another, much more personal clothing mishap. Her struggle with Mel had caused her own dress to be torn apart right down the middle. Instead of helping the twins, she was currently holding her breasts in her hands and looking in dismay at the tattered remains of her former top dangling down either side of her curvaceous body. Now the only piece of her dress still covering her entire front side belonged to the sagging strip of skirt barely covering her privates.

With Cate incapacitated and useless, Cousin Mel stepped in and took control of the situation.

"Well, Penny," she declared, "even if it was a mistake, you still have to make it right. I don't see any other way around it."

Penny's tense shoulders visibly relaxed when she heard that. She hated unresolved conflict so much that she was relieved to be given the opportunity to pay the price and right any transgression she had caused. It must have felt exhausting to be in a constant state of conflict with her unrelenting, persistent sister.

Unfortunately for little Penny, Mel was not above using her younger cousin's own penitent nature against her; or rather, using it against me.

"I'm sorry, Penny," said Mel with a touch of false regret woven into her sing-song voice, "you ruined your sister's dress. I'll see if I can get it stitched back together. But until then, you're going to have to let her wear yours and go without."

It was a ludicrous ruling. I mean, Mel had in her possession two perfectly good dresses. She could have given Penny's original brown dress back to her instead of making her go naked. But that's just the thing. She wasn't doing it for Persi's sake. She was stripping her thirteen-year-old cousin to get a rise out of me. Not sure I could handle rising any higher, I gulped when the ruling was announced.

Penny nodded solemnly and did not argue with the objectively harsh punishment of total nudity that had just been handed down. After crossing the room, the young teenager dutifully lifted her own gown over her head, leaving her naked, and turned her last piece of clothing over to her twin sister. Persi snatched the gown victoriously and threw it on, handing the tattered remains of her old one to Mel for safe keeping and eventual repair.

Penny turned and faced the room, at peace knowing at least her nude punishment would serve to absolve her. True to her name, she simply could not leave a transgression unaddressed any more than Honesty could tell a lie. She did not possess the capability within her.

But then she saw me gawking at her naked flesh and began to have second thoughts. Unlike her exuberant little bathing beauty of a sister, shy Penny had enough awareness to feel shame about being stripped naked in front of a boy. She gulped as the weight of her task settled in on her.

I had only been able to catch glimpses of her pussy earlier while she danced. But now I saw it clearly. Her sweet, puckered lips, just barely parted, stood prominently on her bulging mound. She possessed a soft layer of brown pubic hair, more than Lucy had ever grown, but not nearly as full as Cate's substantial patch.

Up top, her perky breasts had just filled out from immature little cones to healthy ripening oranges. She looked especially shy about these new developments on her chest and started to move her hands to cover them up like her big sister Cate was doing. But then she stopped herself. Maybe she decided the exposure had to be part of her penitence. Abandoning the idea of covering up, the naked teenager simply blushed and went back to massaging her bare leg which must have still been a little sore.

Persi spun in place, proudly showing off her new gown and reveling in her twin sister's naked misery. But Mel knocked the air out of her sails with an announcement.

"I'm afraid, with Penny's injury, that you won't be able to perform your final dance," she said.

Persi started to protest, fully expecting to win another argument. But she met her match in her strong-willed older cousin.

"Now, now, no point in arguing," said Mel, "I promise I'll work on your costume. If I can get it repaired, maybe you two can perform it at the next house."

Persi begrudgingly accepted the offer. Not that she had much choice. Mel had already moved on to the next subject.

"Now, we need something else to perform in its place. What else do we have left?" she asked no one in particular. Then her face perked up, "I know! Let's do the wedding!"


