Bikini High continued
by Neykid

Bikini High continued pt1

When Mrs Alison Bailey saw Samantha come into the teacher’s lounge she was a little bit shocked but also jealous that she was able to flaunt herself. They chatted and Mrs Bailey sort of said she might trying wearing a bikini in school when Mr Randell came in an overheard them talking.

Samantha said Mrs Bailey is thinking of wearing a bikini like mine.” 
Alison gave Samantha a look as to say I wasn’t going to wear something like that. Then Mr Randell said “Well it is settled then you can come to school tomorrow dressed like Ms Rossilli.”

Alison heart sank knowing that she agreed to come to school basically half naked. When Mr Randell left Alison got angry at Samantha.
“Why did you say I wanted to wear the same thing you are wearing?”
“I thought that is what you wanted to do.”
“I meant a regular bikini not that thing you are wearing.” Alison said angrily

“I am so sorry but think of it this way you get to show off your nice ass tomorrow.”
“I am not sure I can wear that type of bikini.”
“Hey nether could I until a few days ago. It will be fine you will see.” Samantha said and gave her a kiss on the forehead 
“I guess so.” Alison said sadly

After lunch they both went to their classes, Samantha still flaunting her tits to everyone and Alison a bundle of nerves. Alison couldn’t get it out of head so she imagined herself sitting naked at her desk while teaching. 
It started to stir up something inside of her so by the end of the day she was worked up. She went straight to the bikini shop right after school, the one that Samantha went to get her bikini. When she entered the store she was so embarrassed that she went right up to the counter and asked for a couple of the extreme bikinis and paid for them and was out the door as quick as possible.

Little did she know that the guy noticed an opportunity and sold her those peek-a-boo bikinis he was having a hard time selling. When she got home she went right away upstairs to take a shower. She shaved everywhere she could knowing she would be showing a lot of skin.

Alison got out of the shower and walked naked to her bedroom and checked herself out in the mirror. In High school Alison was known as bubble butt bailey especially when she joined the volley ball team and had to wear those tight shorts.

She lifted her B sized boobs and let them go. Then she turned around, put both hands on her ass, gave it a lift up and let it drop and it wiggled. Now she got out one of the bikinis and tried to put on the top. This is when she realized how revealing it was because all it did was just outline her boobs. She quickly got out the bottoms and noticed the same thing. Her vagina was outlined as well, it wasn’t covered at all. Alison sat down on her bed and put her head in her hands and almost started to cry and wondered why she agreed to wear such a thing to school.
Then the doorbell rang and Alison began to panic. She scurried around and grabbed a towel to cover herself then she slowly opened the door.

“Hey Mrs Bailey you said I could come by and clean your windows for you. Is this a bad time?” Mike said the same Mike that saw Samantha at the coffee shop.

Alison forgot that one of her students who just lives three doors down was dropping by to clean her windows.
“Umm ahh no it is not a bad time. Ummm ok ok this is so embarrassing I have to go to school in a bikini tomorrow and I would like your opinion about it.” Alison said all nervously
“Sure thing Mrs Bailey.” Mike said and smiled with anticipation 
“Come on in and close the door.”
Mike stepped inside and closed the door then Alison took a deep breath and dropped the towel. Mike couldn’t believe his eyes his English teacher basically naked. He was speechless.

“Well what do you think Mike. Do you like this bikini or what?”
Mike coughed then said “Wow Mrs Bailey this is totally awesome. So you are going to teach in that just like Ms Rossilli?”
“Yea Mike I am going to teach in this.” Alison said still embarrassed
Mike stood silent with his hands in front of him trying to hide his boner.
“So you really do like it.” Alison said as she turned around to show her butt
Mike said nothing because he was about to cum in his shorts. Alison turned around in time to see Mike get a wet spot in the front of his shorts. It was Mike’s turn to get all embarrassed.

“Aw Mike you really do like it.” Alison said with a chuckle as she grabbed his hands and pulled them away.
“I am sorry Mrs Bailey it won’t happen again.” Mike said as he turned all red
“Don’t be silly Mike it is perfectly normal when you see something you like. Here let me help clean it up.”
Mike got all nervous now and ran out the door to go home. Alison ran out the door after but he was too fast. Then Alison realized she was outside in her new bikini and got embarrassed all over again.

She quickly ran back in and shut the door. She leaned against the door and laughed at the whole situation and thinking of how a teenage boy found her attractive. Alison started to make some dinner when the doorbell rang again she grabbed the towel again but checked first through the living room window. It was Mike so Alison threw her towel down and opened the door.

Mike was still awe struck but he apologized but still wanted to the windows as promised.
“You don’t have to apologize, come on in.” Alison said still nervous but more excited to be seen by Mike again
Alison led him to the kitchen and then bent over to get the bucket and squeegee and rags from under the sink. Alison knew his eyes were glued to her ass and was beginning to enjoy the experience of showing off.
Alison let him do his thing and clean the windows as she continued to make some dinner. She had an evil idea and took off her bikini.

Mike came back inside after clean her window and was surprised again “Whoa Mrs Bailey you are completely naked.”
“Nothing gets passed you.” Alison grinned. “Sorry Mike I am using you to get use to being basically naked at school. I am trying to get up the nerve to do it and judging by your reaction I might be ok.”
“Mrs Bailey you are my favourite teacher and umm umm.” Said Mike as he went all shy
“Go on Mike you can tell me anything.”
Mike went all red.” Ummm its umm it’s a dream come true to see you naked. I’m sorry
“Don’t be sorry. Here why don’t you stay for dinner.” Alison said as she turned, smiled and continued to make dinner.

“Ok Mrs Bailey.” Mike said as he sat down and took in her nudity as she made dinner

Mike and Alison chatted over dinner about school subjects and of course her nudity at school. Then Mike said his good byes and went home. Alison sat on the couch watching tv and thought about how she was naked in front of him when her hands began to wonder. She had one intense orgasm that her first thought was how she was going to keep her hands off herself tomorrow at school.

Alison lay in her bed and thought about Samantha teaching in her bikini and she seemed to enjoy herself. The principal said it was ok and the other female teachers wanted to come to school in their bikinis too so her mind was a little at ease.

The next morning Alison woke up all excited and got ready for a day of teaching. She put her bikini on and laughed at how it left nothing to the imagination what so ever. Alison got on her bicycle like she did every morning to ride to school. It was so surreal for her and her vagina was now free to rub against the seat to make her all hot and bothered.


Bikini High continued pt2

She got a few honks and wolf whistles from students on her way to school. By the time she got to school there was a big hubbub and gathering at where she usually parked her bicycle. She saw Mike who had a grin from ear to ear and smiled back at him. 

All the male students all complemented her on new bikini.
“Thanks guys I will see you all in class.”Alison said still with butterflies in her stomach 
When she walked into school she saw Samantha had the same type of bikini she had on.

For some odd reason Alison now got nervous as she walked up to Mr Randell because she did find him overbearing.
Mr Randell turned around and saw Mrs Bailey walking towards him.

“Well well Mrs Bailey very nice bikini indeed. I am glad you agreed to wear one.”
“Thanks Mr Randell, I wasn’t sure it was right in showing so much skin but if it is ok with you it is ok with me.” Alison said as she smiled at went on her way
Mr Randell watched Mrs Bailey’s ass wiggle as she walked away. He smiled to himself that he got another teacher to expose herself.

When Alison got to her first class she was still a combination of nerves and excitement. She opened the door and walked over to her desk and just stood there and waited for the rest of hr students to get to class. The other students were just silent in awe at their teacher showing everything. When the last of her students arrived she had to explain why she was dressed like this.

“So class as you can see.” She gave a cough “I am practically naked here in front of you.” She took a deep breath and calmed down a bit and continued.
“Since Ms Rossilli came to school on Monday in a daring bikini I kind of said I would come to school like this to Mr Randell. So my question is, are you guys ok with the way I am dressed?”

Al the students in the class enthusiastically said “Yes.”
Alison was glad the students liked her new bikini. “That’s great so we can get back to work then?”
“No.” Said a student named Steven who sat at the back. 
“Why, Steven.” Alison said all puzzled
“Can you give us a twirl first?” He said with a laugh
Alison laughed and said “Oks guys here you go.” She raised her arms and slowly turned around 

There was a big cheer and then it was back to learning.
Alison was a mix of emotions, embarrassment, excitement and nerves. She almost couldn’t think straight as stood in front of the black board showing her bare ass to her class. After about a half hour she began to relax and enjoy being on display.

By lunch time Alison was going around like it was normal for her to be dressed this way. She and Samantha chatted up a storm in the teacher’s lounge and how they liked this new dress code. She also found out that the other teachers chickened out so it was just her and Samantha out of ten female teachers that were in bikinis.

Mr Randell came up to Alison and Samantha and asked them if they liked wearing their bikinis to school and if they were going to continue to do so.
Alison surprised herself and said “Yes.” really quickly
Samantha said yes too, much to Mr Randell’s pleasure.
Mr Randell gave the other female teachers that didn’t wear a bikini a look that he didn’t approve then went to his office.

After lunch Alison didn’t care if she bent over or sat on her desk with her legs open to talk to her class. There were no secrets anymore. By the end of the day Alison could say that this was her best day of teaching. Mr Randell caught her on the way out and said. “Don’t forget you have adult education class tonight.”
“Oh I completely forgot, thanks for reminding me.” Alison said and got nervous again. It was one thing teaching young students now she was going to teach ones her age and older. This wasn’t regular school so she thought maybe she could teach in normal clothes.

She rode home and loved the air flowing over her body. When she got home she just took off her bikini and stayed naked. Samantha told her that the guy at the bikini store told her you can’t be naked in public but if you wear these bikinis you can. Alison thought that was strange so looked it up and sure enough she was right.

As she ate her dinner she got to thinking of her art class and what she was going to teach. All she ever taught was landscapes, portraits that kind of stuff but never any nudes. Since now she was practically naked anyway why not get them to paint her.

She showered and put on her other peek-a boo bikini and rode her bicycle to school. She started to set up her class when all of her students came in, six guys ranging from thirty five to sixty. They all stopped in their tracks and asked what was going on.
“Well guys tonight’s your lucky night you get to paint me.”
“This is awesome.” One guy said
“Yea this is awesome.” The rest said
Alison had put a small table for her to pose on and surrounded it really closely with six chairs and easels.
Alison closed the door and slipped off her bikini and sat on the table and began talking about different ways to draw the human body. Then she talked about different techniques and then asked “Ok guys how do you want me to pose?”
“On all fours, I want to draw that ass.” One guy said
The rest shook their heads in agreement.

With Alison and her bubble butt in the air they all began drawing. She had her head turned to one side so only had a view of one guy who throughout the thirty minutes kept shifting his crotch to make himself more comfortable. Alison smiled at the thought of it and also at the thought of the guy who was directly behind her.

When the time was up Alison got up and went around checking out everyone’s work. 
“Ok guys you did a great job now after break I will do another pose so go have a coffee and see you in fifteen.”
When the guys were leaving she overheard them talking about her and what they wanted to do to her. It actually turned her on hearing these things since she wasn’t getting much attention from her husband. Just then Mr Randell came into the classroom.

“So Mrs Bailey I see you posed for them.” Mr Randell said as he looked at the drawings.
“Umm yea.” Alison said as she got embarrassed
“You don’t mind me joining the class do you.?” Mr Randell said with an evil grin
“Ummm No.” Alison quietly said
Alison couldn’t believe Mr Randell was here to join the class. He always made her feel embarrassed no matter what so now she felt like he was putting a damper on her fun.
When the guys came back and still saw their teacher naked they had grins from ear to ear. 

“There is a new guy joining us guy his name is Mr Randell.” So what how do you guys want me to pose now.” Alison said trying to put Mr Randell out of her head
Mr Randell chimed in “Why don’t you lean back on your elbows and spread your legs.”
“Does everyone want that pose?” Alison said as she gave a look to her boss
So Alison leaned back and spread her legs and saw Mr Randell with the biggest grin. She tried her best to ignore him because being her boss for the last seven years he was getting too much pleasure out of seeing her naked.


Bikini High Continued pt3

When the time was up again Alison looked at all the drawings but when she went over to Mr Randell he didn’t draw a thing.
“Ok, guys that is the end of tonight’s lesson. So see you next week.”
“Are you going to be naked next week too?” One guy said in a cheeky manner
“Yes I will be.” Alison said coyly

Mr Randell stayed behind to talk to Alison. “I got to say I am impressed at how far you are going with exposing yourself and how you are teaching.”
“So you came here to see if I was naked or not?” Alison said
“Yea I did, I can’t draw for peanuts but I did enjoy looking at you. So anyway keep up the good work.” Mr Randell said and went on his way.

Alison sat down after he left and thought about what happened and why she is so nervous around Mr Randell. Then she thought about her next class and maybe getting Samantha to model.

Just then the janitor came in “Oh I am sorry I thought everything was done here. Whoa aren’t you the teacher of this art class?”
It startled her out of her day dream. “Yea I am I will be on my way.”
“So you are doing it naked now that’s cool.”
Alison said “I suppose.” And started to walk out of the classroom
“Hey aren’t you forgetting something?” The janitor said as he held up her bikini
“Yea I guess so.” Alison laughed
Alison put on her bikini and the janitor noticed there was nothing to it and just smiled and watched Alison’s ass as she walked away.

Alison chuckled to herself that she forgot about the small amount of fabric that keeps her legal in public. On the ride home she leaned forward on the seat so her clit rubbed against the seat. When in a minute or so she came. She had to stop riding so she wouldn’t crash.

When she got home she got a phone call from her husband he said that he saw a picture of her in a cover nothing bikini. Alison had to explain that the principal told her to come to school in one and there was another teacher wearing the same bikini. Now her husband was paying attention to her, he told her he wanted to come home and have his way with her but he couldn’t it would be a couple more days before he is home.

The next morning Alison rode to school like she normally did. When she got there it was still her and Samantha that were in their bikinis. So one teacher a Ms Patty Mclean a young new teacher not as new as Samantha came up to Alison and asked “So does Mr Randell really want us to wear bikinis like yours because he keeps giving me these looks?”
“I think so, I think he gets off on it having us half naked.”
“So do you like it or what?” Patty said still puzzled
“Actually I do, I didn’t think I would but I do.” 
Just then the bell rang for first class. Patty went to her classroom and got herself sorted. She was rearranging her papers when she looked up and saw Mr Randell looking at her and smiling. Then her students started to come in. Before class started one student ask her if she was going to wear a bikini too. All she said was “No.” Then there was a moan of disapproval.

Each class after that there was one student who asked if she was going to wear a bikini and she always said no. By lunch time it was getting to her especially seeing Samantha and Alison in their bikinis.

In the teacher’s lounge Mr Randell gave her that look again and it was almost like he was pressuring her but he wasn’t. Her next class yet again another student asked the same question but this time Patty answered it differently.
“Look guys I don’t have a bikini like that so stop asking.” Patty said firmly
“You can always go in your underwear.” The student said
“Why do you want me in my underwear?” Patty said cursing herself for continuing on with the conversation
“Well because you are hot Ms Mclean.” Another student said with a smile
“So everyone wants me in my underwear?” 
All the students said “Yes.”
Mr Randell over heard the conversation going by the classroom and decided to enter the room.
“So is everything ok?’ 
Before Patty could answer another student said “She was about to teach in her underwear.”
“Is that so?” Mr Randell said with the big grin on his face.

Patty was beside herself and was speechless. She shot a look at that student for saying that but looked over at Mr Randell and saw in his eyes what he wanted.
“I was going to teach in my underwear.” Patty said quietly
“Go on then, strip off.”
Patty was a bundle of nerves then she remembered she didn’t wear a bra and wore her sexy see-through thong panties.
“Sir I don’t have a bra on today.” Patty said as she became more and more embarrassed

“That’s ok as long as you have one article of clothing on you should be fine.”
Patty’s throat dried up which caused her to swallow. This was nothing she has never done before. So with shaky hands she took off her t-shirt exposing her small breast. Then her knee length skirt came next and then she folded her clothes and put them on her desk.

There Patty stood in just a pair of white see through panties and high heels in front of her class and Mr Randell.
There was a big cheer from the class then Mr Randell said “Very nice indeed carry on.”
Mr Randell left the room which kind of eased the pressure on Patty. 
“So guys you really want me to teach like this from now on.” Patty said hoping for a no
“Yes we do.” All the students said

Patty couldn’t believe she was teaching practically naked. She always kept things sort of private that is why she was caught out with her see through thong. Now that she was sort of pressured to strip it was beyond her comfort zone. It was almost too much for her to take. She tried to write on the blackboard but her hand kept shaking.

“Hey Ms Mclean are you ok?” one students said
“Actually, no.” Patty said 
“Why?” Another student said
Patty gave a nervous laugh “This is the first time someone has seen me naked since I was a kid.”
“But you are so hot; you have never had a boyfriend?” Another teenage boy said 
Now Patty was really getting embarrassed. “Well thank you.”

Nothing was really taught that class because everyone was trying to comfort Ms Mclean. By the end of the class she was feeling better but then the next bunch of students came into to the classroom that never saw her naked and the whole process started over again.
By the end of the day she was glad it was all over. Then Mr Randell came into the classroom before she had a chance to put her clothes back on.


Bikini High Continued pt4

“So how was the rest of your day?” He said as he eyed her up and down
“To tell you the truth I don’t think I got much done because every class they talked about my nakedness.” Patty said nervously
“Sorry to hear that I thought you did a pretty god job. See you tomorrow.” He said as he looked her up and down again and then left the room.

Patty sat back down at her desk still in her underwear and thought about how the afternoon went. She actually made it through the last part of the day. She looked at her top and skirt and wondered for a split second then quickly got dressed and went home.

The next day Patty went to school like she normally did. She still saw Samantha and Alison half naked but then she saw Mr Randell smile then give her that look again.
When she got to class her students again asked why she wasn’t in a bikini or at least in panties.
“I don’t know why I just feel embarrassed and uncomfortable.” Patty said quietly
Then one male student came up to her and put a pair of lace g-string crotchless panties on her desk and gave her a wink and sat back down. She was in shock again that her students wanted her to wear such a thing. She looked up and her students and she could tell they were waiting for her to put them on.

She cleared her throat then she pulled off her t-shirt. This time she had a bra on so she unclasped that and put it down next to her t-shirt. She took of her skirt and then her panties which were nothing fancy.
She stood there naked for a few moments and looked at all her students. Then she lowly put on the lace g-string crotchless panties. There was an applause from her students which made her smile.
“Ok guys I guess this is how you want me.” Patty said still embarrassed
From then on all she wore were crotchless panties and ended up with the nickname Panty Patty


Bikini high continued pt5

Alana always hung around boys and loved the attention she got from them. She always wore skimpy bikinis on the beach but when her friend Matt got Ms Rossilli that bikini that day and she saw how her tits were constantly exposed, she was kind of jealous. Then when Ms Rossilli got a slingshot bikini to wear to school Alana knew she had to get one as well. She always wanted to wear a bikini to class and this was her chance giving that Mr Randell allowed Ms Rossilli to wear one.

Wearing a slingshot bikini home from the shop she had trouble keeping her nipples covered. When she got home her mom noticed her new bikini.

“Wow Alana that is even skimpier than your other ones.”
“You like it mom?” Alana said as she spun around “Yea I am thinking of wearing it to school tomorrow.”
“I thought you weren’t allowed to wear bikinis at school.” Alana’s mom said kind of shocked

“Mr Randell told Ms Rossilli she has to wear one to school tomorrow so I am going to wear one in support of her.”
“Isn’t that nice of you but your boobs will be showing a lot.” Her mom said realizing how things have changed. It was one thing at the beach but in school but all she could do was say “Just be careful dear.”
“I will mom.” Alana said as she bounced off to her room
Her mom watched as her daughter looked all grown up but was wearing next to nothing. Then she ran into her younger brother Mike on her way.

“Wow sis that is really skimpy.”
“You like my new school uniform.” Alana said jokingly
“Wait a minute you are wearing that to school?”
“Yep sure am and so is Ms Rossilli.”
“No freakin way, she is, I got to see this.” Mike said getting a semi just thinking about it
“Come on you horn ball.” Alana said as she slapped him on the shoulder
Mike just laughed but he couldn’t get the image out of his mind.
“Any I am just going out to get a new ps4 game.”
“See you later.”

Alana stayed in her bikini and did her homework. But Mike it must have been his lucky day he saw Ms Rossilli in the lineup at the coffee shop on his way to the game store. He couldn’t resist it he had to go and stand in line just behind her. He stared at her ass for a minute or so before he worked up the nerve to ask if she was the new teacher.
He was glad he did as she turned around after he tapped her on the shoulder he got an eyeful of those gorgeous tits. She ended up buying him a coffee and talking about going to school in a bikini. After they finished their little chat Mike totally forgot about going to the game store and he rushed home trying to conceal his bulge in his shorts.

Alana went down stairs when her mom called to say it was ready. 
“Whoa Alana what’s with the new bikini.” Her dad said seeing how it was basically non-existent
“Mr Randell told Ms Rossilli she has to wear one of these to school tomorrow so I am wearing one for a show of support.”
“Wow that teacher with the big tits I got to see that.” Her dad said and then her mom slapped him on the back of the head.

“Yea that teacher dad.” Alana said as she chuckled 
“Maybe we should get your mom to wear one.” Her dad said with an evil grin
“Not on your life mister.” Her mom said
“Well I do have a couple of other mom. Here I will get you one.” Alana said and ran up the stairs
Her mom gave her dad a scowl.

“Here mom, try it on.”
She looked at her husband then back at Alana and gave in and started stripping of her t-shirt,shorts,bra and underwear. Alana helped her mom with putting it on.
“So are you guys happy now?” Her mom said 
She looked at Alana and then at her husband who had a shitting eating grin. “I guess you guys are then.”
Just then Mike came down and saw his mom in the bikini.
“Mom what the hell is every woman going to be in these bikinis.” Mike said 

Mike being the typical horny teenage was going on sensory overload but little did he know that he was going to see his favourite teacher naked and lose all control.
“Hey mom you can keep the bikini.” Alana said
They all sat together at the table and had their dinner with Alana and her mom in their slingshot bikinis.
Just then the doorbell rang and Alana quickly got up and answered the door. It was her friends Matt, Justin, Nolan and Ron

Alana’s mom started to panic when the doorbell rang. She wanted to hide but it was too late they were already inside heading for the kitchen. She had never been so vulnerable so she stayed seated and covered her tits with her arms. The table covered the rest so when the boys entered the kitchen she was like a deer in the headlights.

“Wow Mrs Jenkins you are in a bikini too.” Matt said with a smile
Alana’s only nodded but her cheeky husband said “ Go on honey show the boys your new bikini.”
She shot him daggers with her eyes but then Alana said the same thing.
“Go on mom show them your new bikini.”
Alana’s mom had no other choice she was stuck at the table trying to cover up. 

“Come on Honey.” Her husband said again with the same cheeky grin
She looked at Alana and then at her husband and then slowly stood up.
“Come out from behind the table and give them a twirl.” Her husband said

She walked to the centre of the kitchen with her hands covering her pussy then she lifted her hands away to reveal the tiniest bit of fabric that was wedge up between her lips. The raising of arms which made her tits pop out. She then closed her eyes and spun around.
“Wow Mrs J very nice.” Said Nolan 

Mrs Jenkins opened her eyes to see everyone smiling at her as they took in her nakedness. Mike couldn’t believe it but he gave his Mom a thumbs up.

“Ok Guys fun is over I am away to get changed.” Alana’s mom said
“No no you’re not, let’s all go for ice-cream.” Alana said as she grabbed her mom’s hand
Her mom resisted her pull but her husband came up behind her and smacked her on the ass which startled her. Within seconds she was pulled out the door and on her way to the ice cream shop.

Now Mrs Jenkins was really nervous to be outside then she saw her neighbour pervy Perkins she called him because this old man was always trying looking at her when she wore shorts or low tops. But now she was basically on display now and pervy Perkins day was made. He gawked at her as she went by but then their eyes met and she knew he was getting what he wanted for so long.

“Nice to see you Mrs Jenkins.” Pervy Perkins said with the biggest shit eating grin
She just hung her head and kept walking. When they got around the corner she punched her husband in the arm.
“How could you let him see me this way?”


Bikini high continued pt6

“Well it’s about time you gave him what he wanted and showed off that great body of yours.”
“Did you just say I have a great body?” She said fishing for more compliments
“Yes darling and so what if Mr Perkins sees you naked just bring joy to the lonely old man.”

She got to thinking as they all walked to the ice cream shop. She looked at her daughter who was wearing the same bikini have fun and joke around with her friends.

Her daughters friends seemed to like it and her husband really liked so maybe it isn’t so bad then she saw her boss at the ice cream shop and panicked again.
“Honey my boss is at the ice cream shop I can’t let him see me like this.” She said as she tugged his arm
“It will be ok, just play it cool.”
“I can’t do this. Why did you bring me out like this?” She said as she was about to turn around and walk back
Her husband was about to reply when her boss caught site of her.
“Hey Sophie is that you, Wow I didn’t picture you the type to wear something like that but I got to say I’m liking it.” 

Her husband grabbed her arm. Sophie hung her head with embarrassment “Well I was dared into wearing this bikini.” She said as she turned a couple of shades of red
“Are they going to dare you wear that to the office?” Her boss said hoping the answer was yes
“Yes I think so.” Her husband said 
“See you later then.” As he looked her up and down
As her boss walked away with his ice cream Sophie punched her husband in the arm said “You did it again, making me wear this bikini at the office.”
“He said dare and I will dare you to do it but it is up to you.”

They all sat at one of the benches at the ice cream shop and talked about the usual stuff but Sophie was thinking about pervy Perkins and her boss seeing her naked. Both of them wanted her naked as well as her husband and daughter. She also saw the boys take quick glances at her body too.
She had lots to think about and it seemed to be acceptable to walk about in such a revealing bikini. On the walk back she knew pervy Perkins would be waiting to see her again and sure enough he was gawking at her and waving. She was too concerned about pervy Perkins that she complete forgot about her daughters friends who were walking behind her on the way back home.

She glanced back to see her daughter and noticed three of the boys were looking at her ass. She just smiled at the thought at how exposed she was to everyone.
When they got home the boys said their good byes. So Sophie took her chance to talk to her daughter.
“Are you cool with this honey, me dressing like this and being naked in front of your friends?”
“Yes mom it is all cool. They all enjoyed looking at you. Just enjoy being naked or nearly as you can.” 
“What about going to work likes this do you think it would be ok.”
“Yea mom it is legal to dress this way but not too many women are brave enough to do it.”
“Ok honey thanks.” She said and gave her daughter a hug
Sophie had lots of things to ponder as she watched her daughter go upstairs to her bedroom.
“So honey it wasn’t so bad was it.” Her husband said 
“I guess not.” She said meekly
“Good so you are going to wear bikinis from now on.”
“Don’t push it buster.” She laughed
“Good to hear.” He chuckled as he went to the garage

She looked out her window at pervy Perkins house and thought maybe she had been a little hard on the guy. She looked at the one of the pies she made and picked it up and took it over to him.
Imagine the surprise on his face when he saw his naked neighbour at the door with a pie for him.
“Sorry Mr Perkins for not being really neighbourly to you so here is a pie for a peace offering.”
“Oh thank you, come on in.”
She didn’t want to go in but she followed him in anyway.

“So what’s with the new bikini? He said as he check her out
Sophie put the pie on the kitchen table and said “My daughter convinced me to wear it.”
“I got to say it is awesome.”
“Well thank you.” She said a bit embarrassed
“This is going to sound a bit forward but can I take a few pictures of you?”
For a split second she got angry and thought she was right he is a perv. Then she calm down and said “Ok just this once.”

He got his camera and started to take pictures. Then he got her to pose on the couch.
Sophie felt a little strange but turned on somehow. Then he said for her to lose the bikini. It felt odd to her to lose the only piece of clothing she had and for some reason she struck and nasty pose. He couldn’t believe his eyes so just started clicking like crazy.

Sophie got up off the couch and said “Ok Mr Perkins that is enough pictures.”
“Ok thanks a lot Mrs Jenkins. Do you want a cup of tea?”
Sophie said “Yes.” And sat at the table naked 
Both of them chatted for a little over some tea and pie about how he was into photography and how he use to take nude pictures of his wife and how his wife passed away.

Sophie started to feel sorry for him because he just wanted some female company or be reminded of his wife. 
She couldn’t believe what she was about to say to Mr Perkins. “If you want you can take pictures of me anytime you want.”
Mr Perkins was silent for a second then with a tear in his eye said “Thanks a lot. “
Sophie got up and hugged him and started walking to the door.
“Haven’t you forgotten something?” He said as he held up her bikini.
Sophie Laughed hugged Mr Perkins again slipped on her bikini and went home.



