College Boys Fucking Desi Girls
Posted on May 1, 2016 12:00 PM, Filed under College Sex
Four friends, Kadar, mathew, Raju, Ali were final year students for MBBS and because they were final yearists they wanted to enjoy life to the maximum. They pooled some money and Kadar went and bought a bottle of Rum and some soda and concealing it well, brought it to the room and informed his friends that the stuff is ready.

Mathrew and Raju went out and brought some snacks and eats. They made it silently so that their other friends may not drop in and exhaust their stock fast. But unfortunately all the four had some charges against them, they did not pay their mess bill for the past two months, and they spent more time outside in the evening and returned to the hostel late that they made noise to disturb others.

The warden called them and warned them first about payment of mess bill, second they should stop being a nuisance to others. However Kader and his friends did not pay and the warden ordered that they may be thrown out of the hostel. Kader and his friends took whatever are their belongings and left the hostel and went to the room of a friend of Raju.

But that was a small room and they started to search for a small house, which they found on the following day, and with their luggage they moved into their own house. Ali went around in search of arrangement for food and he found that there is a family who make food and deliver at home.

Ali rushed to that place and found that a family of a mother and her three daughters make food and deliver at your house according to your taste, but you have to pay in advance. Raju and Ali went and made arrangemnts for serving them breakfast, lunch and supper and towards the expenses they paid them Rs.1000.

They said this is just an advance and they would be paying regularly for the food supplied. Tara, 39, mother of the three daughters narrated her sad tale of how her husband died in an accident and his business was taken over by his creditors and this mother and her daughters find it difficult to meet their daily needs.

Girls had to stop their studies and now this food business keeps them engaged and helps them meet their expenditure. Ali told her not to worry and that they will be there for one full year and they will have to supply them food. They discussed what kind of food they would prefer etc. Thara promised to bring them chappathis and chicken curry in the evening and went.

In the night at 8 pm she brought two vessels with chapathis and chicken curry and left them in the house of Ali and said she will come after some time to collect the vessels. When she again came at 9 only two people had taken food and the other two will come at any time and Raju asked Tara to wait. But he called her inside and made her sit in one of the cots inside.

He too sat with her and was talking about the family etc. and he was showing more sympathy towards them. Tara was full of grief over the tragedy that struck the family, Raju just kept his hand on her shoulders and pacified her. Tears were rolling down her cheeks and Raju took a towel and wiped her tears and lifted her face and telling her not to cry, he smooched her cheeks.

Tara who was starved of sex because of the death of her husband was moved by the sudden show of love and sympathy, she leaned on Raju. Raju just embraced her and made her lie in the bed and he also lied near her. His hands were busy searching for her boobs and his mouth sought her lips. His hands were busy to lift her saree and search for her pussy.

Tara was lamenting that her daughter are alone and she is held here etc. But when raju got on her and gave his big cock in the hands of Tara for inserting in her fuckhole she was very much aroused. She was already wet and his rod went in with great tightness. Tara was enjoying and so also Raju. He fucker her in high speed and she got her orgasm and he too.

Just as he was getting up Mathew said just I will have a short one. Tara could not refuse. Mathew, a short fellow but his cock was big. He inserted his big cock into Tara and he did it very fast. He reached his orgasm and poured his own liquid into Tara. Tara went to the bathroom and cleaned herself and told Mathew that she will pick up vessels the next day.

Kader and Ali said thus we have made a beginning. Let us wait for the daughters. But let us all not get upon one. We have to show some restrain. Next day morning the eldest daughter of Tara, Lakshmi, 21 came with their breakfast. and wanted to pick up the previous days vessels. Kader told her to wait and not to hurry. They will finish breakfast and give those vessels also.

Ali called Lakshmi inside and told her to wait her and not outside in the veranda. By touching her in various places, he just persuaded her to lie down and within no time he was fucking her furiously. Of course the girl came with the expectation and hence things went smoothly. Lakshmi's boobs were of medium size and her thighs huge and her ass very good and round.

She cooperated and opened her legs widely for Kader to fuck. By that time others had finished their breakfast and only Kader remained. Lakshmi after cleaning herself of all the fluids from her cunt, wiped it with her petty coat and then carried all the vessels and went home. Her mother at the very first look could understand that her daughter has had good sexual experience.

Other two girls had gone to their class in the college and hence mother and daughter get the next meal prepared> Mother told the daughter to be careful and see that she does not get pregnant. If it is not her safe days use always pills. In the govt. public health center they give pills free.

All the four friends were banging mother and daughter everyday two or three times and they were very happy. They paid them plenty of money so that their debts will be cleared and other girls would pass their degree exams. Within one year all the four had to write their fourth year exam and having passed had to accept internship in various hospitals.

They bade farewell to the mother and her daughters for feeding them all the time. Within six months Tara got the marriage of Lakshmi fixed and she was married off well.