



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================












 




Reversal (MF, cheat, inter, preg)
Homer Vargas
vargas111@yhaoo.com

***

Woman tries to improve her sex life by having another
woman fuck her husband.

***

I guess you would say I'm a pretty successful woman. 
Well not "pretty," although I've kept a nice figure
and my tits have always drawn stares. I am an
executive with a high tech firm with lots of cashed
options that by now have made me fairly wealthy.. But
nothing about my looks or my affluence could have
landed me David. David is intelligent, sensitive, and
movie-star handsome: tall, square jaw, trim but
muscular. Think of Hugh Grant. 

David was a virgin when we met in college and very
shy. He hated the way women constantly pestered him
for sex. I lusted for David as much as any of the
other girls, but I could see that the direct approach
would not work with David. I feigned disinterest in
sex and pretended to be interested only in being
buddies, helping him pass a required math course,
lulling him into a false sense of security. Then one
night when we (he) had been drinking we started making
out and "accidentally" went all the way. He was so
mortified he immediately agreed when I asked him to
marry me.

Yes!!

I loved being married to David; the envious stares
from other women when we were out in public were
gratifying. As my career progressed -- I was the
youngest VP in my firm, ever -- he was also a big
asset at my business functions, drawing stares from
the other women executives. David, on the other hand,
was a writer who had had not yet had much success so
he stayed at home and took care of the house. 
Outwardly, we were the perfect couple, a rich
successful wife and a handsome, artistic husband, but
in private ... well David remained shy. He loved me,
I know, but I could not get him to initiate sex. I
did, of course, but it was not very satisfying.

He was also prudish, insisting that we turn the lights
out and never wanting to do it in any position but
"missionary." Other kinds of sex were out of the
question. He pulled away if I tried to give him blow
jobs and would not let me draw his hand down to finger
me. I didn't even dare suggest he go down on me; it
would have freaked him completely!

And although he will attend prim and proper business
events with me, he would not let me dress him in tight
hot clothes and take him dancing and clubbing. After
his "accident" that night before we married, he is
very cautious about how much he drinks, so seducing
him over wine and candle-light dinners is out. Like
too many men, he just does not crave nasty, frequent
sex the way we women do. Still, little by little,
I've come to suspect something else about his apparent
low sex drive: he's afraid to "let go" lest I get him
to make me pregnant. Yes, he knows I want a five or
six kids, maybe more, and he is afraid of the
responsibility and loss of his independence. He is
afraid -- and he's not far wrong -- that if he looses
control, I could get him to fuck me unprotected when
I'm fertile.

I guess the memory of his own childhood has made him
cautious. David's father was also promising artist,
but after marrying David mother when she tricked him
into getting her pregnant, he could never find time
away from taking care of one baby after another, ten
in all. I didn't mind David's wanting a career as a
writer -- I set him up with a studio in our home --
but I wanted babies and I needed David to be a father
and a daddy for them. David, however, was just as
determined not to make me pregnant and avoiding making
love to me anywhere near my fertile period (he was a
tampon snoop) and always insisted on using a condom
when he did.

I had girlfriends who had initially reluctant
husbands, but they had no trouble getting their guys
so horny they got fucked pregnant over and over. 
While my friends were having two and three, and even
four babies, I had none. David just had too much self
control and I wasn't getting the sex I needed, much
less the babies I wanted.

Naturally in my sexual frustration I turned to porn. 
Surfing the Internet, I found stories about sexy women
who trick, or seduce, or drug, or hypnotize men,
making them so horny they can't keep from filling the
pussies of the dominant women. Stories like "Judith
and Me" or "Principles" by Homer Vargas drove me crazy
with desire to get my sexy husband to make me
pregnant. But it just wasn't happening.

Gradually I drifted into darker areas or on-line
erotica, where, from the number of stories and
websites, I discovered that mine is a common problem. 
I read stories and letters from hundreds of horny
women fantasizing about seeing their husbands or
boyfriends get turned on enough even to fuck other
women. I found myself strangely aroused by these
stories of domineering women, often uneducated or
crude, who sexually enslave gentle; intelligent men,
mistreating and abusing them. It turned me on to
imagine David that way, in the sexual thrall of a
woman totally beneath his class, making him do things
for her he never would for me. Interestingly, most of
the stories featured handsome white husbands and
powerful black women.

This was crazy. Why would I, why would any woman,
want the man she loved to be "taken" by another woman?
I could only rationalize this as a projection of the
anger a horny women felt for their too-cool spouses. 
'Won't fuck rich, loving, cultured me? Well see what
might happen to you!' But even if I understood the
power of these stories, it didn't make me less
obsessive about them. Even more surprising, I found
there are women -- black women -- who claim to be able
to fuck prudish white men and turn them into
ever-horny fucktoys.

Shocked at first, I gradually started to get turned on
by the idea of having another woman, especially a
black woman, fuck my husband. Lying awake at night
horny and frustrated beside my handsome, unavailable
husband I fell asleep orgasming to the thought of
David's degradation, lying helpless beneath a large
black dominatrix fucking him silly.

One night when we were, at last, about to do it, I
brought up the idea of fucking a black woman. He
blushed and said he was disgusted by the idea, but I
noticed his prick jump. Taking a chance I dropped
into a make-believe role of a "hot black Momma." I
talked to him about sucking my big black tits and
loosing his little white cock in my big hairy pussy. 
He came like never before.

From then on, our hottest sex (still too tame by my
standards, but improving) is when I pretended to be a
black woman who was seducing him. In that role I was
able to get David into bed more frequently and even to
let me fuck him from on top, although still with the
damn condom. Over the weeks I started hinting that
maybe he should do it for real. He was reluctant, but
after weeks of persuasion by me in my "black Momma"
role, he gave in.

I began to search the Internet in earnest. I
discarded the ones who claimed to use hypnosis and
other hookey ads. Finally I made makes contact with a
woman Madam Monique who said she could turn any white
husband into a pussy slave within weeks. I got in
touch with her and she said she was booked for months
in advance, but after seeing David's picture, agreed
to meet us in a bar in about a week. It took another
long session of me as David's Black Momma to get him
to agree.

I was very nervous and excited the night of our
arranged meeting. David had let me get him into a
sexy outfit: tight black pants, a toreador silk shirt
and dancing boots with a bit of heel. He was so sexy
I would have raped him if I could. The bar was in a
respectable part of town, but from the moment I walked
in I could see it was a rendezvous spot for black
women meeting white men on the sly. Fortunately David
was nave enough not to realize what kind of dive we
were in.

Normally David does not drink, as I said, but I guess
he was feeling nervous, too, and allowed me to get
several drinks down him before the appointed hour. I
spotted her when she walked in and my blood ran cold. 
Monique was tall, yet very curvy. Her hair was curled
and lightened and she wore a smirk. She surveyed the
club like a lioness surveying the savanna for her next
meal. 

Suddenly I was feeling inadequate, comparing my own
pale skin to Monique's smooth ebony, my puny C cup
breasts to Monique's EEs, my own modest skirt, top,
and flats to Monique's elegant short, tight miniskirt,
see-through blouse, and 5" heels. Even in the dim
light I saw her painted lips, large loopy earrings,
bangles on her sleeveless arms and a gold chain
dropping into her spectacular cleavage. She oozed
confident femininity. I gulped my drink to steady my
nerves.

It did not take Monique long to spot David who was
easily the hottest guy in the club, even if he did not
know it. She slinked over. "You must be David," she
breathed in a Jamaican or Caribbean accent, licking
her lips hungrily. David looked up to see her for the
first time. I could see his jaw drop. He had clearly
never laid eyes on a woman so powerfully feminine. He
gazed up at Monique's magnificent breasts as if
hypnotized. "I think we'll dance," Monique informed
me, seeing that David has no ability to refuse her.

I was surprised at her finesse. She did not
immediately begin grinding her pussy him or crush his
face into her tits, although it looked like she could
have. David was in another world. Rather she glided
around the floor with him, letting him relax. Only
later as the music picked up did she begin spinning
and bumping against him, flashing him her dark
glistening pussy. Finally when slower music returned
she melted into him pressing that superb body against
him and pulling him close. I was amazed to see
David's hands on her ass; he had never touched me that
way when we danced, which was never. David's eyes
were close and his head was resting against her boobs.
Suspiciously, one of Monique's hands was invisible in
the vicinity of David's crotch.

When Monique brought David back to our booth, I hardly
recognized my husband. He had a mindless grin on he
face and glazed eyes. Monique's hand did not leave
his crotch and I could see a huge bulge in his pants,
a bulge I had never been able to put there. "You've
got one sexy man here," Monique chuckled. "I think
I'm going to have some fun with him tonight! Now be a
good girl and fetch us some drinks." I was reluctant
to leave David alone with her, but she glared at me in
a way that sent me scurrying off.

When I returned some ten or so minutes later, I was
shocked. David's pants were open and he was lying
back eyes closed and almost unconscious with pleasure
as Monique was fondling her naked cock. David had
never allowed my such liberties and here he was
letting a woman had never met before tonight give him
a hand job in public. I felt a gush of arousal from
my pussy as I stared at the erotic sight. Suddenly
David started to moan an buck as he did when he was
about to come. I thought she was going to humiliate
him by letting him spurt cum all over himself, but
just as quickly Monique thrust her head down and took
David's cock into her mouth. Almost instantly I saw
my husband's penis swell and overflow into the warm
sucking mouth of this beautiful black woman who
swallowed every drop of his jism. I may have cum from
the sight and the intense envy that SHE was enjoying
the taste of my husband's sperm that he had denied me!


"I think we need to continue this somewhere a little
more private. Let's go to your house," Monique
suggested in a tone that allowed for no dissent. I
was in a nervous wreck as Monique helped David pull up
his pants and followed them toward our car, Monique
constantly whispering to David and playing with his
bulge. Slipping into the backseat with David, Monique
grinned at me. "Keep your mind on your driving and
your hands on the wheel. And keep your prying eyes on
the road ahead."

I was scarcely able to do any of those things. 
David's grunts and moans as Monique continued to
fondle him were soon joined by a slurping sound and
Monique's mews of pleasure. Risking an accident, I
glanced back to see Monique had opened her flimsy
blouse and had pulled David's face to her breasts
where he was kissing and sucking her amazing jugs with
crazy enthusiasm. "Yeah Baby! Suck those titties. 
Make Momma feel gooood! Ahhhh!" I could hardly
believe Monique had come just from my sexy husband
working those bazookas with his lips and tongue.

As soon as we arrived at our house, Monique
peremptorily ordered me to prepare drinks and snacks
for us. As was not the pattern, I quickly obeyed,
leaving David staring in awe at this sex goddess. I
rationalized that this was what I had agreed with
Monique to do. As I went to the kitchen Monique was
kissing David and telling him what a pretty white boy
he was and how he was going to enjoy fucking him. I
don't think David was in any condition to understand
what she was saying.

It did not take long, but when I returned I got the
biggest shock of my life! There was David on his
knees in front of the couch.  Monique had hiked that
silly excuse for a skirt and had David's face firmly
into her furry snatch. I had never seen such a huge
hairy pussy in all my life and it was hard to tell if
David was eating it or it was eating him! Renewed
pangs of jealousy ripped my heart and moistened my
pussy to see this woman achieve in minutes what I had
been trying to get David to do for years!

"Considering his lack of experience, your man has
great potential as a cuntlicker," Monique smirked
between grunts. "Oh, yes!  Baby, yes! Make Momma
cum and she'll give you something real nice to drink. 
"Ahhhhiiii!" Monique bucked as my husband's tongue
and lips in her horny pussy made her come, but she
held David's head close between her ample thighs,
forcing him to continue as she dame down from the
orgasm. Se grinned at me weakly and then grimaced
again as David brought her to another climax. 
Amazingly, she didn't let him stop until she had given
my husband two more mouthfuls of pussy juice. When
she let him come up for air as she regained her
breath, David's face glistened and he was clearly
lust-drunk from Monique's copious flow. His eyes were
open, but I doubted he could see anything. 

"Did you enjoy that? I guess you did!" Monique
smirked. Only then did I realize that I had been
playing with my pussy; my had was still in my panties
as she spoke. "So, do you still want me to fuck your
husband? You want him to know what it like to get
laid by a real woman?" This was nothing like what I
had expected. Monique seemed to be enjoying it far
too much and David wasn't just getting "loosened up,"
he was totally under the spell of this black witch. 
But I couldn't object. She was so sexy, so totally in
control. Compared to her I felt like a little girl. 
Suddenly I realized that my had was still in my pussy
and that I was coming harder than I'd ever come in my
life!

When I came to my senses a few seconds later, Monique
was leading my sex-tranced husband to our bedroom. 
Reluctantly I followed, peering in from the doorway. 
"You can watch, but keep quiet. I've got some serious
husband-sexing to do," Monique admonished. Slowly
before David's barely seeing eyes she stripped,
displaying her firm, voluptuous body. David was
frozen by the sight. Then, methodically, she began to
disrobe my passive husband: shoes, shirt, pants
underwear socks. I was transfixed by fear and
arousal.

"Let's get you into bed, sweetie," she cooed, stroking
David's rampant cock. Just lie back and Monique will
take good care of this!"

Even aroused and he was, out of habit David opened the
drawer by the bed and removed a condom. A felt a wave
of relief. May David was still David. Gently Monique
removed it from his hand. "Oh no, big boy! I don't
fuck men with condoms. Nothing "comes" between
Monique and a cock!" she laughed at her little joke,
though David was to confused to understand. 
Transfixes in horror I watched Monique knee walk up
straddling David's hips and slowly ease her pussy over
my husband's unprotected penis!

David gasped! Monique must have grasped his penis
with her pussy muscles. "Like that honey? Like the
way Monique fucks you?" David's crossing and
uncrossing eyes were affirmative enough. "You like
the way Monique's tight hot pussy hold you, Honey? 
You like the way I fuck you"

Why did he have to regain his voice just then? Why
did I have to hear him? "Oh, yes! Yes! fuck me,
fuck me Monique! I love your pussy! Uhhhhh, yes!"

"Is it better than hers? Do I fuck you better than
your wife?"

"Oh fuck YESSS! I love your pussy. It's so much
tighter and slicker than hers! Oh fuck me!"

"And does fucking Monique make you want to come? Do
you want to shoot your whiteboy jizz into my hot black
pussy? You want to come in me?" She had slowed down
maddeningly, not letting David orgasm, holding him on
the edge. "So you want me to fuck you and make you
come in my pussy? Come in my fertile pussy? You want
to make a baby with Monique?"

"What? NOOO!" David's eyes were suddenly wife open in
terror! "No, I can't make you pregnant!"

"Oh but you can! If we keep fucking you'll shoot your
babymaking semen in to me and I'll be knocked up. 
Don't you want to make my black belly swell with your
baby, David? Wouldn't you like to see my big tits
full of milk to feed the baby you put in my tummy? Do
you want me to stop fucking you? Stop before you
loose control and make me pregnant with your light
brown baby? Are you sure?"

Monique was fucking him very slowly now and David was
in anguish. "Yes! YESS! Fuck me Monique. Take my
baby! Let me give you my babyyyyyy!" David's body
spasmed. His hips rose from the bed and thrust up
into Monique as he screamed in climax"

Feeling David's hot seed flood her womb Monique also
came as well. "Yes, a baby! I want your baby, baby
baby baby," she chanted deliriously. I felt the three
fingers deep in my own pussy soaked with my spend as I
came as well.

Drained, emotionally and physically I allowed Monique
to motion me out of the room. "This man and I have
some serious baby making to do. All night long I
could hear David's screams of ecstasy as he came in
Monique over and over.

Nasty ending:

That was several years ago. After the first pregnancy
was confirmed Monique moved into our house,
essentially displacing me as David's wife. Seeing
that magnificent woman strutting around the house, her
belly growing under the flimsy lingerie and maternity
dresses she wore, it just seemed natural to yield to
her in everything. I knew if I did not, she would
take David from me; he was little more than her sex
slave, continuing to fuck her several times daily as
she demanded. I opened a joint account with David and
her so she could have him spend money on flashy
clothes and jewelry for his pregnant lover. 

I no longer work, my money being sufficient for our
needs. But Monique does not let us hire help. She
thinks it's more appropriate if I do the cleaning and
cooking that David used to do. This leaves David and
Monique time to go out shopping or just showing off
her beautiful sexy pregnant body before they come home
and she has him fuck her again. Lately she had taken
pity on me and has begun to allow me to clean her
pussy after David has filled her again.

Right now I'm home alone. David and Monique have gone
out dancing. Monique's four children are asleep or
playing in their rooms, so I have time to write this
tale. But things are just going to get more hectic. I
recognized the glint in Monique's eye as she and David
left and I can guess she plans to have happen that
night when she gets David home. In about nine months
I will have another baby to take care of.

Nice ending.
That was several years ago. After the first pregnancy
was confirmed Monique moved into our house. We
quickly became fast friends. Things have worked out
wonderfully. Although it's still a little painful to
see that Monique is David's number one woman, I can't
complain Monique has David's libido so rev-ed up that
although he fucks Monique several times a day, I'm
still getting more sex -- hot and nasty the way I like
it -- than ever before. Then too, Monique absolutely
forbade David to use condoms and I was never on the
pill, so soon after Monique arrived, I missed my
period, too.

It was great fun to be pregnant together, to know the
same man we both love has given both of us his babies.
We did everything together shopping, movies, going
out showing off our growing, sexy bellies. Of course
with the pregnancy, both of us were hornier than a
flock of ewes and David, well, he has great stamina,
but he was just a man and not nearly able keep up with
the raging libidos of two pregnant women. Fortunately
Monique had a solution for that too. I was reluctant
at first, but Monique pointed out that David loved
eating her pussy, why wouldn't I. And do I ever cum
buckets when Monique gets her tongue in me! By the
time Monique was about seven months we discovered I
could drink milk from those amazing tits of hers and a
few weeks later she started doing the same for me.
Some days we didn't get out of bed, just lying there
making love and suckling at each other's engorged
breasts.

Monique had a beautiful brown little boy Jamal, and
not long after I delivered a darling little blond
girl, Dorene. David of course was just crazy about
them both, burping and bathing and changing them when
they were not drinking from our more than adequate
breasts. Sometimes we switched, but the babies didn't
care. We decided, however, that the next two
shouldn't come so close together; it was just too hard
on David. So although Monique went right back to
having bareback sex with David as soon as she could,
we decided David would have to use condoms when we
have sex until Monique was well along with number two.

Right now Monique and I are tied with four babies, two
boys and two girls, each, but we think she may be
pregnant again. I hope so. I hate condoms!

Comments please to 

vargas111@yahoo.com



=====
My stories can be read on:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Vargas
http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/stories.html
http://www.mcstories.com
http://www.eroticstories.com
http://storiesonline.net
http://www.literotica.com
