Megan


My girlfriend Megan has become quite a showoff in the last few years, much to my
encouragement!! Megan is a real beauty.She is only 19 years old, 5'8", 130 lbs.,
long strawberry blond hair, blue eyes and a fair comlexion. She has the nicest
34A tits that I have ever seen. They sound small, but the way they stick out
makes them look bigger than they are.

Like I said, she has become ans exibitionist, and I love it! She loves to go out
of town on the weekends, while I would just rather stay home and lounge. Not
wanting to keep her tied up in the house, we have come to an agreement. I will
go whereever she wants on the weekends as long as she spends the weekends doing
whatever I ask her to. She pretends to reluctantly go along with this, but
secretly I know that she enjoys the things I have her do. I'll tell you about
our last weekend just to give you an idea.

We live in sunny Southern California, so weekends are great for going to the
beach. Last weekend we decided to spend the weekend at the infamous Venice
beach. Megan had reserved a hotel room right on the beach, and upon leaving work
on Friday night, we headed to the beach. I have purchased quite a few outfits
for her to show off her body with. For the trip over she had picked out a white
mesh button down top, and a short denim skirt. As we hit the freeway I told her
to unbutton her top. She did without hesitation, and within seconds her pink
nipples were exposed for the world to see. As we passed trucks on the freeway I
would slow down enough so that the truckers would get a good shot before we went
past them. Not only could truckers see, but since we were in a low-sitting
sports car, anyone with a pickup truck or van could see too. Thsi was great as
we passed several SUV type vehicles with young high kids in them going to th
beach. The guys loved it while the girls looked with a disapproving glare. Megan
would try to pretend like she did not see them looking, but I would look over at
them and give them a knowing smile.

As we neared the beach I had made sure that we would run low on gas. I pulled
off the freeway and into a gas station. I told Megan to button up her shirt and
go in and pay. With the shirt buttoned up anyone could still see right through
it and see her nipples. I saw the guy at the register looking as if he had never
seen tits before. When she came out I told her to lift up her skirt. Of course
she didn't have any knickers on as she showed me her shaved pussy. A lady that
was pumping gas in front me also saw. She looked at Megan and then at me and
gave a slight smile.

Afetr arriving at the hotel and checking in we went up to our room. It was a
great corner room that overlloked the hotel pool and the beach. It was later by
now and getting a little to windy to head down to the beach. We decided that we
would take a dip in the pool first. Megan got out a small blue bikini that I had
picked out for her on an ealier shopping trip. I told her to change on the
balcony. She went out an dbegan stripping off her clothes. She looked over the
balcony onto the street next to the hotel. I went over next to her and saw some
people starring up at her. Even though we were on the seventh floor I am sure
that they could see everything. She put on her bikini and we left for the pool.
On the way down on the elevator I saw my chance to cop a feel. I moved her top
aside and sucked on her nipples. This always gets her horny. When we got down to
the pool there were a couple of older people in the water. We decided to go to
the jacuzzi. We got in as the two older men watched. Older being about 60 or so.
I noticed that the wives were also looking at Megan in her little bikini. After
20 minutes of sitting in the bubbles we decided to go backup to the room and get
ready to go to dinner. I told Megan that the old people wanted to see her tits.
She smiled at me. We undid her top a little so that we she started to dry
herself her top woulf fall off by itself. She got and graabed her towel. As she
did, sure enough her top fell right off into the water. Pretending like she
wasn't thinking about it she reached for the top and dropped her towel. Somehow
she had managed to fix her bottoms so that the strings on the sides would come
undone and they fell off too. There was Megan standing completely naked in front
of these old guys. Keeping up the act she tried to hide herself as they stared.
I pretended to be looking the other way the whole time. She then reached down to
grab ner towel, and in her haste the towel flow in to the water. She then looked
around for her bottoms. She grabbed them and tried to put them on in a hurry,
but that only made matters worse. In the midst of all of allof this a couple of
young girls (Maybe 13-14) had emerged from the elevator lobby and were watching
all of this giggling. Just as I turned around to see what was happening I saw
her rush past me butt naked and into the elevator lobby. I looked into the water
and saw her top and towel. I reached down and got them and went to the elevator.
Megan was still there putting her bottoms on. The two girls were still there
watching her with smiles on their faces. I pushed the elevator button. It took a
while fort he elevator to finally get to our floor. Megan was still trying to
unwrap her bottoms when the elevator opened. A guy and his wife were in the
elevator getting out. They looked startled at first. The guy looked at Megan and
said, "Nice". I laughed as we both got into the elevator. I tiold Megan that she
was to walk to our room naked. I gave her my towel to let her dry herself off.
When the door opened for out floor we both got out, me first. There was nobody
in the hallway so Megan made a dash fo it. I casually walked to our door and
took my time opening it. I was hoping that someone would come walking by, but
nobody did.

We were both hungry by now and decided to go to dinner. We tooka shower together
and then got dressed. I told Megan to where something nice. She put on a black
dress. In the right kind of light you can see right through it. Of course she
didn't put on knickers or a bra. We went down to the car and I called for the
valet to get the car. He pulled up and went around the car to open the door for
Megan. When she got in I'm sure that her dress rode way up. I saw him starring
in between her legs. We drive to the restaurant and went in. It was crowded
since it was a Friday night. As we walked to the table we got approving stares
from the men that I'm sure could see everything. We ate and then left. The
service was great, as the waiter was all too willing to steal free peaks at
Megan's tits. It was late by now and we decided to turn in for the night. We
went back to the hotel and walked around for a while looking at the art and
such. Megan walked ahead of me for a while and I could see why we got so amny
stares in the restaurant. I could easily see the flesh of Megan's ass. it was a
beautiful sight. We headed back to the room. As we neared the door I told Megan
to undress. She pulled the dress over her head. She was totally naked now except
for her shoes. We stood at the door for several minutes as I kissed her. We
heard voices just as we were entering the room. I left the door open. Megan
stood across the room and as the people walked by I saw them glance into the
room. Megan had her back to the door so all they saw was ass. I went over and
closed the door and we both went to bed.

The next morning we decided that we would hit the beach. Megan put on a white
bikini with a sarong over the bottom half. We walked down to the beach. It was
about noon and the beach was almost full. We walked down a ways from where the
people were and laid our towels out. Megan fixed her bikini top so that part of
the pink of her nipples was showing. We then got up and walked out to the water.
Even though the part of the beach where we were wasn't as crowded, there were
still quite a few people. Needless to say there were alot of long stares at
Megan's top. We went down to the water where some other people were playing. We
started to spalsh around and were having a good time. I managed to pull Megan's
bottom's down. This got a few looks from some teenage boys that were watching
us. She just pulle dthem up real fast and we kept playing. We went back to where
our towels were and laid down to dry off. I fixed the bottom part of Megan's
bikini so that part of her pussy lips were showing. I told her to bend her
knees. At this point anyone walking by in front of us couls see her pink pussy.
I had dark sunglasses on so I could watch them stare without them knowing I was
watching. Boy did they stare!! Even the girls were taking a look at her pussy.
After we dreid we headed back up to the hotel room for lunch. We had decided to
get room service. I called in the order and then hopped in the shower. Megan got
in after I did. We made a plan the when the server showed up she would come out
of the shower completely naked. She would dry her hair and pretend like she
cannot see him. When the server knocked I let Megan know it was time. I then
opened the door to let him in, and him turned out to be a her! She brought the
food in and set it on the table. Just as hse turned around to give me the total,
Megan made her debut. She looked great standing there in the middle of the room
drying her hair. She was bent over a little so her boobs were hanging down
slightly. The server just stared at her and appeared to be a little embarassed.
Megan finished drying and looked up expecting to see a guy and was surprised to
see a girl!! She took the towel and covered what she could and walked back into
the bathroom. I made a joke of the whole thing and gave the server her money
along with a nice tip. She left and Megan came out naked. I decided that the
weather was nice and the we would eat out on the balcony. Megan of course would
be naked. Nobody could really see her but the idea od her naked out in the bare
sun was great. Megan said that she wanted to go clothes shopping. I suggested
that we go to the shops that are along the boardwalk. There are great deals to
be found here. Megan got dressed. She put on a green sundress without bra or
knickers. We went down to the boardwalk and began looking through the shops.
