They lay together in the quiet gloom of Castle Grayskull. They'd been making love for over 48 hours straight.
'Oh! Why did we wait so long, He-Man?' the Sorceress said in her strange, breathy quasi-British accent.
'I don't know, Sorceress. But I'm glad we've finally gotten together like this. It's so comforting to know we can finally be lovers as well as friends.'
'Yes!' she agreed. 'Oh! Oh! Don't stop, He-Man! Yes, right there! Aaaaaah!' she said cumming for the thousandth time, He-Man's enormous rock-hard cock deep up her magically-kept-perfectly-bald soaking wet pussy. She sat astride his cock and arched her back deeply, her large, firm tits' pointed nipples jutting nearly straight up to the high rock ceiling as she caught her breath.
'I want to cum too now, Sorceress, in your pussy; is that all right?' the warrior confirmed.
'Oh yes! Yes, He-Man! Cum inside me! Cum in my pussy, He-Man!!'
He reached up and grabbed her perfect, firm naked ass, one cheek in each of his hands, and began jackhammering his super-powered hero's cock deep in and out of her sopping wet, hot, tight, magic cunt from below. His hips were a blur as he fucked her and cried aloud, 'I'm cumming!' His words echoed off the walls of the castle as he came, blasting nearly a gallon of cum up into the Sorceress' womb.
'Joy of the Cosmos!!' moaned the Sorceress as her pussy accepted He-Man's massive stream of semen, much of which was pumped out of her pussy around his cock as he came. 'How divine!' she cooed, 'Fill me with your hot fucking cum, mighty warrior!'
'Sorceress- Sorcereeeeees!!' he cried as the last of his orgasm shook him and his balls drained into the lovely mystical female astride his manhood.
The two remained motionless for a time catching their breath, his spent cock still sheathed within her pussy above him. Then they laughed together like old friends, which they were, and embraced in a passionate kiss.
'Come on, my lovely lady. Let's get dressed and go see how things are doing in Eternia, shall we?'
'Oh yes! Help me up, please?'
He helped her up to her feet, and the two lovers calmly put on their warrior's garb, him: his iron 'X-shaped' battle-harness across his muscular chest, with its red corodite cross symbol of protection, his thick golden belt, brown bear-skin trunks and boots, and of course, the Sword of Power; and her: her white feather swimsuit-style outfit, low-cut in front in a deep 'V' so her massive cleavage was on full display, with its blue spandex long sleeves and red feather wings which went down as low as her calves, her blue boots with their white feather trim, and of course her eagle-headdress.
'Why, you look lovely, Sorceress!' he commented sincerely in awe.
'Oh, go on!' she replied modestly.
'I've never said anything truer in all my life,' he insisted with a straight face.
'Thank you, He-Man. You look very handsome as well.'
'Thank you, that's very kind of you to say. Let's take a look into your crystal ball now, shall we?'
'Certainly, He-Man.' The Sorceress was simply glowing in the afterglow of having made love with He-Man for the very first time. She walked before him with a pronounced sensuousness she did not ordinarily put into her hips, proud of her voluptuous curves.
The two friends turned lovers made their way into the Crystal Ball Chamber.
'Oh shit,' the Sorceress muttered, gazing into the crystal.
'What is it, Sorceress?'
'It's just Skeletor again. It looks as if he's planning to awaken the Sleeping Banshee from its prison within a mountain of diamond on the shores of the Crystal Sea.'
'The Sleeping Banshee?? But I thought that was only a legend!...'
'I'm afraid not... Can that wanker Skeletor not give Eternia one day's fucking peace and quiet, He-Man??' she said angrily.
He-Man laughed good-naturedly and said, 'That's alright, Sorceress. I'll take care of old bone-head. But I'll need some help...'

Inevitably, an awesome adventure ensued, in which our hero, The Most Powerful Man In The Universe, kicked old bone-head's ass, along with kicking the asses of his evil posse: Beast Man, Evil-Lyn, Mer-Man, Tri-Klops and Trap Jaw, with the help of our heroes: Orco, Teela, Ram Man, Man-At-Arms and Stratos, not to mention putting the awakened Sleeping Banshee back to sleep in its prison of diamond.
Our heroes all flew back to King Randor and Queen Marlena's castle in sky- sleds and battle-rams, and had a celebratory feast, after which Orco provided entertainment in the form of a brief magic demonstration (which inevitably failed terribly and humorously, at Man-At-Arm's expense.) Though as usual, He- Man had to leave quickly before the feast for 'some reason,' before Prince Adam showed up, late as always. Apparently, Adam had been napping by the brook all day (at least, that's what he told Teela.)

The next day, He-Man was back in Castle Grayskull with the Sorceress.
'Oh yes, He-Man! Stick it deep up my ass! Oh yes!' echoed the breathy voice of the Sorceress off the castle walls.
He-Man stood behind her, her hands against the stone wall, her ass outthrust, her back arched deeply, all of their clothes discarded and on the floor. His large rock-solid cock slid rhythmically deep in and out of her soft, hot tight, magic yielding butt-hole marking the center of her gorgeously sculpted ass, making her ample boobs swing to and fro with his every thrust up inside of her bum.
'Oh Sorceress!' he grunted, fucking her, 'This could be habit forming!'
'Indeed!' moaned the sexy, beautiful magical female. 'I'm almost there... Fuck me just a little bit harder, He-Man!'
The virtuous warrior stroked his hard cock in and out of the Sorceress' asshole just a little bit faster as she'd asked him to, bringing her over the edge.
'I'm cumming, He-Man!!' she wailed, pressing her bum hard back onto his fucking dick and arching her back lower than ever. 'Heeeeeeeeeeee-Man!' she moaned breathily, cumming hard. She shook as she came, her pussy gushing all over the stone wall and floor, her asshole clamping tightly around He-Man's still-pistoning dick.
'Fuck yeah!' He-Man cried as he fucked her cumming asshole.
'Fuck yeah!' echoed the still-cumming Sorceress in sensuously delirious agreement.
He-Man's cock then started to cum up her ass, 'Oh fuck, I'm cumming Sorceress! Suck my cock!!'
She pulled off of his penis which was pumping cum into the air like an aerosol can of party string, took his dick into her gorgeous mouth, sucked his cock and swallowed his cum, which continued to pump out of his dick for another half gallon or so.
'By the Cosmos, I won't have to eat anything until dinner time!' joked the Sorceress in reference to his super-humanly massive load she'd just drank most of.
They laughed together. He-Man pulled the Sorceress to her feet and they embraced in a long, passionate loving kiss.
The Sorceress' hand meandered down to fondle He-Man's dick. 'By the Cosmos, are you hard again already, lover??'
'For you, my angel? I could stay hard for all eternity!'
'Let's fuck just once more!' she begged.
'You don't have to ask me twice!' he said, and he gently impaled her smooth- as-silk pussy with his massive meat-stick as they stood together in the quiet gloom of the castle.
There they fucked for several more hours before stopping to lie together naked in each other's arms.
'Sorceress, can I ask you something?'
'Why of course, He-Man! What is it?'
'It's about Prince Adam... and Teela...'
'Yes? Go on...'
'Well, Teela likes me as He-Man, I can tell. And I like her. But she doesn't want to have anything to do with me as a man when I'm Prince Adam. But I can't reveal my secret to her, because it could put her in danger from those who'd seek to destroy He-Man. And I can't be with her as He-Man for the same reason. Sorceress, is there any way I can ever be with her, either as Prince Adam or He-Man?'
'We cannot always have the things we want, He-Man. Great power and responsibility only come through self-sacrifice.'
The blonde-haired warrior just nodded, his face momentarily downcast, and sighed.
'But if there was a way for you to hook up with my daughter, perhaps I could help you...'
'Wait- did you just say your daughter???' He-Man asked incredulously.
'Yes. It's time you knew the truth; I am Teela's mother... But you must never tell her this. She will find out only when it is the right time. I think I can help you to hook up with her...'
'Are you sure you don't feel strange about the whole situation? I mean, us having just become lovers and all?'
'Why no, not at all He-Man! Prince Adam is a worthy man, and a worthy lover; any mother would be proud to see him as her daughter's lover, as would I.'
'I see. Thank you, Sorceress.'
'But there's more: When the time comes, Teela shall take my place as the Sorceress, the Guardian of Grayskull! It is her destiny!'
'That's incredible, I'm speechless! So it would work out just fine in the end if she were to fall in love with Prince Adam, because once she becomes the Sorceress, then I can tell her He-Man's secret!'
'That is correct, He-Man.'
'Ok! Well then, what do you suggest?'
'I'll talk to her. Maybe I can drop a comment or two that might pique her interest in Prince Adam.'
'Oh thank you, Sorceress! That would be very helpful!'
'Not at all, He-Man. Now go down on my cunt for just a moment please before I send you back as the prince through a space portal to King Randor's castle...'

About a week later, Teela and Prince Adam were training together outside in the royal courtyard.
'Adam!!!' Teela cried, 'You need to remember to keep your guard up!'
Prince Adam lay crumpled on the ground looking sheepish, just having been struck down by Teela's training staff.
'Sorry, Teela! I guess I just need a lot more practice!'
'Yes, you sure do!' said the fiery short-haired redhead captain of the king's guard testily. Teela was looking gorgeous as usual: brown high-heeled boots with matching brown bearskin trim, her long, shapely muscular legs disappearing into her white spandex bathing-suit-style top with it's decorative bronze spiraled breast armored plating and large flaring collar, its front low-cut in a deep 'V' exposing a clear view of her remarkably ample cleavage. She wore matching bronze bicep armbands, and white armored forearm bracelets, and a golden tiara-like ornament which came down and framed her pretty face.
The blonde haired Adam however was dressed, as usual, like somewhat of a goof in his light-purple colored spandex pants, purple boots with white designer bearskin trim, purple bearskin trunks, white spandex long-sleeved shirt, pink open-style short-sleeved over-shirt and a black belt with its golden oval buckle.
'Hey Teela, how bout we go into town and grab a bite to eat? I know a place.'
'You 'know a place,' Adam???' Teela began moodily, 'We haven't even finished your practice session yet!'
But then she suddenly remembered her conversation earlier that week with the Sorceress: 'He is kind, Teela. And muscular! But most importantly, he means well, always.' 'Yes, but he's so clumsy! Take He-Man, for example... Now there's a real man!' 'Yes, there is a real man. But Adam is a real man, too, Teela. A real man, who may be right for you. Deep down in his heart, he is really not so different than He-Man, now is he, Teela?'
'Well, ok, Adam,' she agreed, suddenly quite amicable. 'We can finish your training some other time.'
'Great! We can take Attack Track! I'll go get it!' and he took off running, only to trip over the pile of his discarded amour and wind up falling into the fountain and once again looking like a fool.
But instead of chewing him out like she always did, Teela just laughed this time.
'Maybe I should go get Attack Track instead, Adam!'
'Sure, that's fine,' he answered sheepishly.

Later on, they spent a lovely dinner together. Teela even enjoyed a glass of red wine with the meal, which was quite unusual for the captain of the royal guard. But she was feeling elated with her newfound viewpoint of Prince Adam, and frankly finding him more and more sexy as she sipped her wine.
'You remember that time Cringer got fleas and you were giving him a flea-bath in the palace fountain and you both fell in?' Teela laughed.
'Yeah, I do; don't remind me!'
Teela giggled. 'It was hilarious!'
'Well, I'm just glad I can be of some amusement to you, Teela.'
'Yes, well you are, thank you, Adam!'
'My pleasure, captain,' Adam sighed. 'It seems I've spent my fair share of time in the palace fountain...' Teela laughed again at the reference to that afternoon. 'Can you remember, Teela, when we used to go skinny-dipping in it back when we were kids?'
'Yes! It seems like so long ago now. We were just like brother and sister, you and I.'
'You are like my sister Teela, in that I've always felt close to you, and we grew up together in the palace. But you're not, you know, my biological sister...'
'That's true...' she said wistfully. 'Adam? Do you ever get lonely? For a woman, I mean?'
'Well, sometimes, I guess. But what I really long for is a woman who would be my girlfriend not because I'm Prince Adam, not because of my massive muscular chiseled physique, but because of who I am inside. A strong woman who was a good friend... like you, Teela.'
Teela stayed quiet for some time, starry eyed and distant. She gazed into the prince's eyes, smiled, licked her full, glossy red lips at him and finished her glass of wine in one final swig.
'Let's get a room, Adam!' she said to him at last smiling with predatorial bedroom eyes.
'Wh- What? Why? I'm sure our rooms back at the palace are-' she cut him off by way of placing her index finger over his lips.
'Just follow me!' she said.

Once inside a cozy locked room together at the inn with a comfortable king- sized bed, Adam asked her, 'Teela, are you sure you want to do this?'
She smiled and answered, '...Just stand right were you are and I'll show you just how sure I am I wanna do this!' She melted up against the prince's body, embraced him, and kissed him passionately on the mouth. The two friends kissed long and passionately like this, their hands all over one another's hard muscular bodies.
After a time, Teela all of a sudden suggested, 'What we need's a little music!' and she switched on Man-At-Arms new invention: the Portable Party Music Projector.
The first strains of Nelly's rap song, 'Hot In Here' were projected clearly into the room, and Teela began a slow sexy teasing dance in front of the prince.
'...Hot in... So hot in here!...'
As the song picked up in tempo, she placed her hands behind her head and popped her pussy with the music towards him.
'...Want a little bit a- uh! uh! And a little bit a-...'
Adam raised his hands up and danced coolly along with her, his mouth agape, his eyes wide and glued to the captain of the guard's sexy, popping and undulating body.
'...I was like, good gracious ass is bodacious (uh!) flirtatious, tryin to show faces...'
She faced away from him and began to booty-dance, pop-bouncing her gorgeous ass smoothly and deeply rhythmically up and down, her movement all below the waist. She placed her hands behind her head again, bent her knees, arched her back low, and worked her ass like a professional dancer. It looked hot as hell, and was making Adam crazy for her!
'...It's getting hot in here (so hot!) so take off all your clothes... I am, getting so hot, I wanna take my clothes off!...'
Adam stared at her smoothly, rhythmically, deeply bouncing ass, his dick having become raging-hard in his trunks at the sight of her firm, sexy booty- dancing bum...
'Teela! If you keep dancin like that, I'm gonna cum in my pants!'
She laughed and kissed him on the lips, switched off the PPMP, crouched down and began undoing his belt.
'Oh fuck!' thought Adam to himself, 'This is my dream come true! ...And I owe it all to the fucking Sorceress!' 'THANK YOU SORCERESS!' he called out to her in his mind. 'YOU ARE WELCOME, PRINCE ADAM!' came her psychic reply a moment or two later. He then shifted his full attention back down to the warrior goddess kneeling in front of him about to suck his cock.
Adam groaned with pleasure as Teela took his royal dick into her mouth and began sucking him hard.
'Oh man, that feels so fucking good, Teela! Don't stop!'
The redhead's hot wet mouth was like a vacuum on the prince's prick. He grabbed the back of her hair and gently fucked her gorgeous face as she sucked hard on his massive meat-stick.
They took a moment to both hastily get naked before Teela lay down on the bed, her arms above her head, her legs spread wide open with her knees bent. Her big, naked, hard-nippled, glorious tits jutted ambitiously up towards the ceiling, and her smooth pale stomach stretched out like an expanse of paradise to Adam's enamored hungry eyes. A small, neatly trimmed, sexy thatch of thin orange pubic hair crowned her naked pussy. Adam could already smell the faint, subtle aroma of her sex rising up from her vagina, as it had already begun getting wet.
Adam leaned forwards and slowly kissed her beautiful cunt, eliciting a moan of pleasure form the captain of the guard. He squeezed her smooth, firm shapely buttocks from underneath with his fingers as he at out her hot, wet delicious pussy. He reached up and squeezed her soft generous tits as he brought her over the crest and into her first heart-melting orgasm.
'Oh, Adam!' she cried as she came in his mouth. She pressed his mouth hard onto her gushing cunt by his hair as she came. For a moment she just caught her breath, then urged him, 'Now get up here and fuck me with that big hard cock of yours!'
'Yes, ma'am!' Adam chuckled happily as he climbed up atop the fair-skinned beauty. Teela held his cock and slowly jerked it. They kissed as she placed its head into her wet, soft welcoming womanhood. Adam thrust his cock gently up into her wet, soft tight love-hole- bliss filled their world!
He fucked her softly at first, then harder and harder, making her tits flop to and fro with each of his forceful thrusts deep up into her hot tight beautiful cunt. Her pussy was as wet as hell as his dick squelched in and out of her sexy hole.
'This feels amazing, Teela! Why the hell did we ever wait so damn long??'
'It is fun, isn't it Adam! (Oh!) Better late than never, I guess! (Oh!) Don't ever fucking stop (Oh!) fucking my tight fucking cunt, stud!' she said, bucking her hips up into his, his pistoning cock fucking her pussy as deep as was possible.
'Oh, man!' Adam gasped at Teela's dirty-talk. It was driving him wild as he fucked her.
'Fuck my fucking hole, Adam! Shove that cock up my tight fucking pussy! Make me fucking cum, stud!'
He rammed his meat-stick up the warrior's tight pussy hard for ages, until finally she wailed in ecstasy that she was cumming again, all over his cock and balls.
'...Where do you want me to cum, Teela?'
'I want you to cum right up my tight fuckin ass! You wanna fuck this ass, Adam?'
'Fuck your ass?! Hell yes, Teela! Get onto your hands and knees for me please, and leave it to me!'
The warrior goddess got onto all fours and thrust her beautiful naked ass up into the air, arching her back low. Adam could smell the sweet, subtle sexy stank of her shit-hole. The aroma drove him wild and he had to concentrate in order not to cum on her ass right then and there.  
'You're so fucking beautiful, Teela, you know that?' Adam said as he teased the head of his cock onto the lovely tight brown opening of her bum-tunnel.
'Thank you, Adam...'
'You're welcome!!' he cried pointedly as he thrust his fuck-stick past her sphincter and about half way up into her ass.
They both moaned out loud as Adam paused to let her ring expand around his sizeable girth. A moment later, Teela begged him... 'Fuck my asshole!'
Adam slid his cock in up to his balls. He hit an air pocket, and Teela's ass emitted a massive 'fart!' as he shoved his cock up her ass.
'Oh my, how embarrassing!' Teela muttered, her face in the pillow.
'Don't be silly, babe! It's fuckin sexy!' he stated as he began to piston his shit in and out of her tight sexy fucking arse, making it fart just a few more times as he drove his cock in deeply.
He fucked her ass in 'doggy' like a machine for an hour, bringing her over into the most mind-bending assgasm she'd ever had in her life!
'Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, fuck yeah!' moaned the captain of the guard as she came, her cunt gushing onto her thighs, Adam's balls, and the sheets below as she came insanely hard with Adam's dick fucking her deep up her tight spasming asshole.
'Holy fuck, am I ever glad I took the Sorceress' advice about Adam!' she thought to herself as her assgasm finally subsided.
'I'm gonna cum now, Teela, ready?'
'Fuck yes, Adam! Do it! Cum up my ass, lover!'
Adam groaned as he shot a ridiculously huge load deep up his longtime crush's hot tight gorgeous shitter. He slapped her shapely bum as he came and convulsed, thrusting hard deep up her ass several last few times as he shot the last of his cum deep up her lovely bum.
'Oh man...' he sighed after he'd caught his breath a little bit. 'That was just amazing, Teela...'
After some time, 'Can I be your girlfriend from now on, Adam? I wanna do this every night!' she proposed girlishly.
'Sounds good, my friend!' and he pulled out of her ass.
They lay together in each other's arms in a wonderful warm afterglow, and soon fell into a deep and peaceful sleep in which they had lovely sweet dreams of each other all night long.

And now for today's moral, given to us by the lovely Lady Edwina:
Lady Edwina: 'In today's story, He-Man got to have sex with the Sorceress. And my cousin, Prince Adam, also got to have sex with Teela (...the lucky bitch.)
'Now, while it's fine for He-Man and Prince Adam to fuck 'bareback' in Eternia, YOU must always remember to use a condom! Unless you've had a vasectomy (or the female equivalent) AND both you and your partner have been monogamous AND have been recently tested for STDs, you must ALWAYS USE PROTECTION!
'Now all I'm wondering is... who's gonna fuck me???'