My Secret
by butch007 ©

This is my secret story of something that happened to me several years 
ago, before my wife and I were married. We had dated for a long time and I 
would regularly join her and her family on overnight visits to their 
vacation home at the lake. We had all grown close and I was very 
comfortable there, so it was common for me to sleep over, as long as it 
was not with my girlfriend. (I was accepted as a friend/boyfriend, as we 
were not married yet!)

On this particular occasion, we had gathered early in the weekend for a 
relaxing time at their lake house. This was a great time to let off some 
steam from school. It always helped to catch some peaceful hours of 
studying mixed with a mini-vacation. We played on the boat for a few 
hours, and then hung around the house that afternoon. Instead of going out 
that night, we all just had a few beers and watched television. Her folks 
called it an early evening and went to bed. My girlfriend stretched out on 
a recliner while I curled into the corner of the couch. Her sister took 
claim of the other end of the couch I was on and we all just vegged in 
front of the tube. 

Her younger sister was wearing cut-off shorts and had great legs, just 
like my wife's. I could not help but admire those two sets of legs 
surrounding me. After a while, my girlfriend got up to get changed for bed 
and her sister followed her off. As they went in to change, I finished my 
last beer for the night and settled myself by laying out more on the 
couch. My girlfriend came in first wearing her nightgown and stretched 
back down in the recliner. Shortly, her sister came back in, but to my 
delight, she was wearing a long white t-shirt for a nightgown. She tried 
to plop back down on her side of the couch and sort of plopped her feet in 
front of me since I was now in her way. It was nice feeling those smooth 
legs against mine and I could feel myself growing hard.

We all just lay there and settled in for a late night of nothing. It all 
seemed so quiet and relaxing, but I was secretly going wild. I sort of 
cuddled with my girlfriend's sister, even though it was just our legs. I 
could not help casually glancing over so I could see up her t-shirt and 
catch just a glimpse of her white knickers. As it got late, my girlfriend 
fell asleep and rolled over and away from the television and us. I felt my 
heart pound as her sister stretched out even more and her t-shirt hiked 
up.

I don't know where I got the courage, but I slowly moved her feet as I sat 
up a little more. This placed her legs all the way over my lap with just a 
slight amount of pressure on my cock. I don't know if she noticed and had 
expected her to move away, but she just stayed there. Not much longer, I 
noticed that she was also asleep. At least, I think she was. I kept that 
position for a while and enjoyed the pleasure of her legs against my hard 
dick and kept looking over to see if she were really sleeping.

In a bold move I casually laid my hand on her leg above her knee. Her soft 
skin and the smell of cocoanut suntan lotion were overwhelming me. That's 
probably why I kept going and slowly moved my hand up her leg until I was 
all the way on her thigh and pushed up against her t-shirt. That's when 
she stirred and I thought she'd jump away. Instead, she rolled over, 
curling her knees up and shifted her hip back. This movement caused her 
t-shirt to ride up. I could hardly believe this was happening. She had 
moved herself to where I could get a great view of her knickers and my hand 
was still on her outside thigh and inches from her ass. My hand was almost 
shaking when I just let it slide down and my fingertips just barely slid 
under her knickers to feel her smooth ass cheek.

I was so absorbed with my slow and methodical movements, I forgot to look 
over to see if my girlfriend was still sleeping. She had never moved from 
her position facing away from us. Sister still hadn't moved either so I 
continued my bold adventure and eased my fingertips down further to gently 
settle between her thighs from behind. She did respond by sort of yawning 
as she settled and ever so slightly lifted her top leg, which parted her 
legs. Now I had a little more room to move my hand up to her crotch and 
brushed her knickers with my fingers.

My hard cock throbbed as I felt the heat and moisture from her pussy 
through her knickers. I thought about easing my cock out, but with her legs 
over my lap, I couldn't chance it. I kept my slow and easy massage on her 
pussy, feeling the moisture soaking her knickers. I then gently slid my 
finger along the hem and under, feeling her slick bare pussy lips. She 
gave a tiny little sigh and I thought her hips moved a little. I focused 
my slow movements to just my finger gliding up and down her pussy lip. 
Just when I was ready to try more, I heard the creaking of the recliner as 
my girlfriend stirred awake and started to get up. I almost yelped and 
thought I had been busted, but from where she was laying she could not see 
a thing. I'm sure I yanked my hand away, but she stayed asleep as I slowly 
rose out from under her legs.

I kissed my girlfriend goodnight in the hallway and she could not help but 
notice my stiffness. She smiled and asked, "is that for me" and pulled me 
into a side room to finish our goodnight kiss. She pulled my hard cock out 
for a quick handjob and giggled when I came so quickly at the soft touch 
of her fingers.

The rest of the weekend went uneventful and I tried to catch her sister's 
eye to see if she knew anything was up, but she never let on. We married 
shortly after graduation and to this day my sister-in-law never mentioned 
a thing. We stay close and when I see her now I always grow hard thinking 
about that night.