I smoothed down my dress as I went to the door to meet my husband
Mark! I hadn't seen him for over a week! This was going to be an
awkward confrontation but I was determined to see it through as
planned. I had the upper hand and I knew it!

Let me give you some background. My name is Elizabeth and I live
in one of the best parts of Adelaide, South Australia. I'm 24
years old, tall and slender. I have a great body! My bum is small
and tight. All those personal trainers actually accomplished
something. I have long light brown hair and quite nice breasts.
They are not overly large but well rounded and firm. I am quite
wealthy! Filthy rich would be another way to put it! My mother
died when I was young, I didn't really know her. My father passed
away a couple of years ago and left me control of the family
business. I don't really know much about it. Mark worked for my
Dad and when he passed away, Mark took over as the manager. Even
though I live a wealthy life style, I don't actually own
anything. The cars and even the house I live in, which could more
accurately be described as a mansion, are owned by the company.
The company itself is owned by some kind of family trust. I have
control of it but I don't own it directly. I think my dad set it
up so that it couldn't all be taken off me in a divorce
settlement or something like that. Basically, if Mark divorces
me, he gets nothing!

I got married to Mark when I was 18. Way too young but we all
make mistakes! For the next few years I lived a luxurious life
style. I spent my days at beauty salon's and health spas. I
played tennis at the local club or went swimming. We had a part
time house keeper who came in every morning. I really didn't have
to work at all. I was always home like the dutiful wife by the
time Mark got home from work.

I lost my virginity to Mark, on our wedding night. How rare is
that these days? That's probably why I got married so young! He
was the only man I had ever made love to. We made love once or
sometimes twice a week. The sex was ok as far as I knew but I
didn't really have anything to compare it to. I never orgasmed
when we had sex, but I knew what an orgasm was because  I
masturbated nearly every day, usually in the morning after Mark
left for work and before the house keeper arrived.

Just over a week ago on a Saturday morning, I took my car to the
dealership for a service. They said it would be a couple of hours
but there was a shopping centre nearby so I told Mark I would be
out for two or three hours. I went to the dealership but they
weren't ready. Apparently some parts hadn't come in that morning
as expected. They assured me that they would come in on a later
delivery and they would have my car ready by late afternoon. They
gave me a courtesy car but I wasn't impressed. It was a tiny
small ugly car and I didn't even like being seen in it. I gave
shopping a miss and went straight home. That's when I caught Mark
cheating on me. He didn't hear me come in because his attention
was somewhere else. He was in my bed with my best friend Amanda.
He had her in doggy position, something I never liked and rarely
did. I stood there stunned for a few moments and Mark looked up
and saw me. He just said "Elizabeth!" in surprise and pulled his
cock out of my best friend. Amanda turned around and saw me and
covered herself with my silk bedspread. I called Mark a bastard
and stormed out. I disappeared for over a week and had just come
home.

I called Mark's secretary at the office and asked her to let him
know I was at home and that I would see him after work but Mark
had come home earlier than I anticipated. I wasn't alone! I had
six 'friends' with me. Mark rushed into my arms as he entered the
family room area, a kind of open plan lounge room and casual
dining area. Straight away he started berating me, telling me how
worried he had been and asking why I hadn't called. He wanted to
know where I had been and who these six men were. I asked him to
sit down on the sofa and told him what I'm about to tell you.

When I stormed out of the house that Saturday morning, was it
really only a week and a half ago? It seems much longer! I took
Mark's car! My car was at the dealership and Mark had a Mercedes
convertible. Exactly the same as mine in fact except for the
colour. I got in the car and just started driving. I was very
upset and at first I didn't have any plan on where I was going. I
found myself on the major highway, heading north out of Adelaide.
The only family I had left were an aunt and uncle who lived in
Darwin, at the far northern end of Australia and without really
thinking things through, I decided that's where I would go.
Adelaide to Darwin is about three thousand kilometres, so it
would take about four days to get there. I didn't have any
clothes with me other than what I was wearing, but I had about a
thousand dollars in cash and my credit cards. I could buy more
clothes on the way. The only decent sized city on the way is
Alice Springs, about half way to Darwin. That was too far to go
in one day, so I would have to spend the first night in a motel
somewhere.

A couple of hundred kilometres north of Adelaide I picked up a
hitch hiker called Michael who was going to Alice Springs. I
don't know why I did that. I have never picked up anyone before!
I guess I wasn't being my usual self. He was a very handsome
young man and it gave me someone to talk to for the long drive. I
told him about my husband cheating on me and he was very
sympathetic. I think I unburdened myself on him quite a bit
actually but he didn't seem to mind. We didn't make it vey far
that day. I had started out mid morning so we hadn't even made it
half way to Alice Springs before the sun was starting to set.
Driving at sunset in the middle of Australia gets very dangerous.
There are too many animals on the move, especially kangaroos. We
stopped at a roadside motel in a very small town. It was little
more than a petrol station, a cafe and the motel. Michael didn't
have any money so I paid for the motel room. Michael asked if he
could sleep in the car and continue travelling with me tomorrow.
The motel room had a double bed and a single bed in it so I told
him he could stay with me.

One thing led to another and I ended up sleeping with him. I have
never done anything like that before but I was in a very bad
emotional state. This was some kind of revenge fuck I think and
he was good! Maybe it was the excitement of the whole situation,
or maybe he was just a better lover than Mark. He was certainly
better hung! I'm not sure what it was, but I had an orgasm during
sex for the first time in my life! He made love to me three times
that night and each time I came! I have never felt so good and
yet at the same time so bad. I felt like I was cheating on my
husband even though he had been cheating on me. Maybe the guilt
added to the excitement! I fell asleep exhausted that night, with
Michael beside me. Even though I had enjoyed my time with
Michael, I softly cried myself to sleep! In the morning when I
woke up Michael was gone. I never saw him again! I guess this had
just been what they call a one night stand.

I continued my drive north and felt kind of dirty. I had spent
the night with another man and I was still wearing the same
clothes, both of them made me feel a bit unclean. A short skirt
and blouse that was totally inappropriate for the climate. There
was nowhere between here and Alice Springs that had anything
other than truck stop cafes and petrol stations. It was midday
when I stopped to get something to drink that I discovered I
didn't have any money. All my cash and credit cards had been
stolen. Obviously by Michael! He had fucked me in more ways than
one! I was very upset and cried some more! I checked my fuel and
had a bit less than half a tank. That should be enough to get me
to Alice Springs. From there I could report the theft to the
police and sort out some way to get some money. I was totally
wrong. The car ran out of petrol about 200 kilometres from Alice
Springs. I was stuck in the middle of the desert with no water,
no transport, and no money. I waited by the car, getting hotter
and hotter. Temperatures in that part of the country usually get
over 40C, that's about 104F.

About half an hour later a small van pulled up. It was a bunch of
surfer types, all boys. They were scruffy and had long hair, some
of them in dreadlocks. They weren't really my kind of people but
I had little choice in the circumstances and accepted the lift. I
climbed into the back of the van. There weren't even any seats
except the ones in front. The floor was a mattress and there were
sleeping bags and back packs everywhere. There were four boys in
the back as well as the two in the front. They looked to be a few
years younger than me, late teens or maybe early twenties. They
were drinking beer and laughing and generally having a good time.
I started to relax a bit and even tried a beer. How can people
drink that stuff? Give me a nice Chardonnay any day! I was
sitting on the dirty mattress on the floor of the van, just like
everyone else. I had my legs curled up under me and was trying
not to flash my knickers. My skirt really wasn't intended for
sitting like this and I caught a couple of the boys trying to
look up my skirt.

The boys started smoking some weed. That stuff really smells bad!
I had never tried it before but they were all smoking it, even
the driver and they convinced me to have a go. I had a puff on
the joint they wee passing around and nearly choked to death.
They were all laughing at me and told me it gets easier. I had a
few more puffs and it wasn't quite as bad but I still choked a
bit. They kept passing the joints around and I could hear a
buzzing in my head and things began to get a bit fuzzy. I was
laughing along with the rest of them but I can't remember what
about. One of the boys asked me if I had ever tried a 'shotgun'.
I said no, I didn't even know what he meant. He took a big puff
on the joint he was holding and leaned in as if to kiss me. He
stopped an inch or so away from my lips and told me to breathe
in, and then he exhaled the smoke into my mouth.

This was a whole new world for me! I had never experienced
anything like it. I was having a good time though and another boy
called 'shotgun', and 'kissed' another lungful of smoke into my
mouth. His lips actually touched mine as he did it but I didn't
mind. I even drank some of their beer and it didn't seem so bad
anymore. I was really thirsty! The boys in front kept talking
about my hot red, shiny silk knickers. I wasn't being as lady
like as I usually am and they got an eyeful from time to time.
The boy behind me called 'shotgun' again and as I leaned back to
receive his 'kiss', one of the other boys slid his hand up my
skirt and was rubbing me through my knickers. I broke away
startled and pushed his hand away. I was laughing though,
everything was very friendly and getting friendlier all the time.


The boy behind me snuggled up behind me and let me lean on him.
It was much more comfortable than the hard wall of the van. He
slipped his arm around my waist but that seemed natural and I was
ok with it. Everything was buzzing now and I was feeling very
strange and distant. The boys kept shot gunning me one after the
other, except now they would turn it into a passionate kiss every
time. As one of the boys in front of me was kissing me, he was
squeezing my breasts and I didn't even notice at first. I tried
to push him away but he was kissing me very firmly. As he broke
our kiss, I tried to tell him to stop and grabbed his hand to
pull it off my breast. Another boy moved in from the side and
kissed me again. As I was kissing him, more hands were touching
me. One of the boys in front slid his hand up my dress and got a
finger inside the band of my knickers. His finger was rubbing up
and down my slit as at least two other hands were on my breasts.

It was like I was in another world as this was all happening. It
was kind of like I was watching rather than being involved.
Someone was undoing the buttons on my blouse and I felt the boy
with his finger inside my knickers, slide his finger inside me.
Even in my condition, I realised things were getting out of
control and I tried to tell them to stop. They ignored me though
and their hands continued undoing my clothing and touching me
everywhere. I was mainly trying to stop the boy who was fingering
me. I had hold of his arm and was trying to push it away. I
actually succeeded but as he pulled his finger out of my cunt,
and took his hands out from under my skirt, he pulled my knickers
down.

Some hands grabbed my arms as I was struggling to sit up. I was
saying, "No" but it was if they couldn't' hear me. My own voice
sounded so far away, I'm not even sure if it was only in my head.
With hands holding my arms, I was helpless. I had no leverage
even to sit up and more hands finished undoing my blouse. I was
wearing a front clasp bra and they had that open in moments. My
breasts were now bare and they were having a good feel as one of
the boys was kneeling between my legs, which wedged them open,
and he started fingering me again. This time there was no awkward
underwear in the way and he was sliding his finger in and out of
me very smoothly. I heard one of the boys comment, "Look at the
tits on this rich bitch!", as hands were pulling at my nipples
and squeezing my breasts some more.

The boy who was fingering me suddenly took his finger out. I
could see him kneeling in front of me and unzipping his jeans. I
started to struggle as I realised his intentions but it was no
use. A few seconds later he had his cock at my wet opening and
pushed himself inside me. I was getting fucked again. This was
only the third cock I had ever had inside me and the second one
was only the night before. I was still kind of struggling but not
very effectively. They weren't violent in any way. They didn't
hit me or even really hurt me physically. The boys just kept hold
of my arms and even kept taking turns kissing me as I was gently
raped! The first boy quickened his pace and the force of his
thrusting and I could tell, even with my limited experience, that
he was close to coming. A few seconds later he gave a loud moan
and pushed into me really hard. I could feel the wet jets of his
semen splashing into me.

As he took his cock out of me and moved back, I pulled my legs
together but they were forced open again a few seconds later as
the next boy took his turn. He had his pants down and was already
hard and had his cock in me moments later. I was being gang
raped! "Gangbanged" I think they call it, as we drove down the
highway! The second boy quickly finished and there was a brief
shuffle behind me as the boy I had been leaning against moved. I
was pulled to the centre of the van and both my hands were being
held above my head as another boy got between my legs and started
to fuck me.

This boy was quite large and knew what he was doing. He was
giving me long slow strokes of his large cock and without
realising it at first, I started to respond! I felt myself
lifting my hips to meet every thrust of his cock inside me. I was
getting a warm feeling deep inside me and before I knew it I was
coming! I gave a long low moan and lifted my legs and wrapped
them around his waist. He kept on driving his huge cock into me,
as I had wave after wave of a powerful orgasm sweep through me. I
couldn't believe I was coming like this. I had never experienced
anything like it! Every ten or so seconds I would have another
orgasm. It seemed to last forever and I totally lost count of how
many times I came. Even as he pushed into me for the last time
and shot his load of cum inside me, I had another. He stayed deep
inside me for a minute and I wouldn't unlock my legs to let him
go. I was still coming! He broke away from the embrace of my legs
and I let out a moan of frustration as another boy took his turn
screwing me.

They all took their turns fucking me. They even changed drivers a
couple of times so everyone could have a go. I certainly couldn't
call it rape anymore. I was spreading my legs and holding out my
arms for each lover as they entered me. Two or three of them came
back for seconds, and I had many more orgasms as I was gang
banged over a period of hours. When they were finished, I lay
there content but exhausted. I was quivering with the aftershock
from my most recent orgasm and made no attempt to cover myself as
I lay there, bare breasted, with my legs wide open and cum
dribbling out of me. It was some time before I recovered and
started to tidy myself up.

The boys had pulled in to the drive way of a house in Alice
Springs. It was a place that belonged to a friend of theirs. They
said they would be staying there a few days and I was welcome to
stay with them. The house was like a hippy crash pad. There was a
bunch of people staying there already and seven more really
wasn't a problem. They were generous though. They fed us all and
I got to have a shower. Boy did I need a shower! I stayed there
for a few days. The boys never forced themselves on me again but
they didn't have to. I fucked them all several more times over
the next few days and a few of the other boys that were staying
there as well. I thought about my situation over that time and
decided that I was going back to Adelaide. I didn't need to run
away to Darwin to have someone take care of me. I was an adult
and could take care of myself! When the boys that I arrived with
told me they had to leave, they dropped me at a big truck stop on
the south side of the city before they left. They said I should
be able to get a lift back to Adelaide from here without any
problems.

The first truck I approached had two drivers, one in his late
twenties and the other a bit older, maybe even late thirties. I
told them I needed to get to Adelaide and I could tell they were
more than happy for me to come along. The older driver made a
quip about payment. I think he was only joking but I said I
didn't have any money but would pay him any way he saw fit. You
should have seen his eyes bulge! Needless to say, I spent the
next half a day get given two kinds of ride. They both had me
twice and the younger guy got a blowjob as well. They took me
more than half way back to Adelaide in one day but were turning
off and going a different direction soon and had to drop me off.
They left me at another truck stop and even gave me a little
money to get something to eat and drink. I stayed at that truck
stop for an hour or so and had a meal and cleaned myself up.
There were plenty of trucks outside and I knew I wouldn't have a
problem getting a ride.

I approached the driver of the first truck in a long line, parked
on the south bound side of the road, and asked him if I could get
a lift to Adelaide. This was one of those really big trucks with
a sleeping cabin in the back, which would be far more comfortable
than fucking in the passenger seat. The driver looked at me and
said he would love to take me but there wasn't any room. He
explained that they were on a long haul and there were three of
them in this truck already. There was only room for two in the
front and another sleeping in the back. I said, "What if I spend
all my time in the back?", and after a slight pause, I added, "On
my back!" You should have seen his face! He couldn't believe what
he was hearing! As his co-drivers arrived he told them what I had
said. I had to explain further when one of them, obviously not
too bright, asked me what I meant. I told him straight, that he
and his fellow drivers could take turns fucking me all the way to
Adelaide, as often as they liked, if they would give me a lift
home. The three drivers looked at each other for a few seconds
and then the oldest said, "Lady, you just bought yourself a
ride!"

They said they would be leaving in about ten minutes and we stood
by the side of their truck for a while making conversation.
Mostly that was just them telling me what great tits I had and
things like that. They took turns touching me up. One of them
even slipped my dress off my right shoulder and bared my breast
so he could have a good feel. I could tell they were eager to get
on the road and I didn't know why they were waiting. The senior
driver said it was time to go but it was the youngest driver's
turn in the back and he helped me up the ladder to the little
door of the sleeping compartment. As we were going in, I heard
the senior driver say, "Half hour changeovers". It was only about
a four hour drive to Adelaide from here so I guessed I was going
to be fucked about eight times on the way.

There was more room than I thought in the back and the young stud
didn't waste any time. I could feel the vibration of the truck
starting up as I slipped my dress off and took off my shoes. He
was taking off his pants and I could see he was hard as a rock. I
barely had a chance to lie down before he roughly grabbed my
knickers at both sides and pulled them quickly off. I was naked
and he spread my legs and started fucking me urgently. He was
very quick! I wasn't even getting warmed up before he started
pumping his cum into me. It took about three minutes! Fortunately
he was young enough to be ready to go again about ten minutes
later and this time he did better. He had just finished for the
second time when the hatch from the front cabin slid open and
someone said it was time to change. After the young driver
hastily got his pants back on, they did a complicated shuffle.
The passenger from the front had to squeeze into the sleeping
area with us for a moment so the young driver could leave.

The second driver looked at me in the dim light of the
compartment and said I was "fucking gorgeous", as he unzipped his
jeans. He had a good sized cock! About eight inches and pretty
thick! He wasn't fully hard yet and I sucked him for a couple of
minutes until he was ready. Then he got me to assume the 'doggy'
position and fucked me from behind. I had my face in a pillow and
was braced against the side door and pushing back as he gave it
to me. He started off easy but pretty soon he was slamming into
me quite hard. I loved it! I was yelping with every thrust of his
hard cock inside me and a few minutes later I came. I made a lot
of noise, the guys in the front probably even heard me over the
noise of the truck. When he was finished, he collapsed down next
to me and I lay down with him. He never spoke to me again; he
just lay there with one arm over my waist. I had had a big day
and I was very tired. I think I drifted off a bit until I heard
the next changeover called.

Light flooded in and blinded me as the door opened again and they
changed over. I turned my head away from the light and waited
until they had completed their shuffle. When the door shut and
the cabin was mostly dark again, I saw that the senior driver was
now in the compartment with me. He didn't even take his pants
off. He just pulled his cock out through his zip and spread my
legs. He reached up and turned the dim light off. It was pitch
black in there now. I couldn't see a thing but I could feel him.
He was very big in every way. He was kind of fat really and the
weight of him spreading my legs with his massive hips put some
strain on me. His huge cock stretching my cunt was worth it
though. I had another orgasm as he quickly fucked me. He pulled
out and lay down next to me. There wasn't really enough room for
both of us and I was squished against the back wall but I managed
to drift off to sleep for another ten minute cat nap, until the
door opened and light flooded the sleeping area again. Going from
pitch black to bright daylight was even more blinding than before
and I buried my face in the pillow as they changed again.

As my eyes adjusted to the dark, I could make out the silhouette
of the young driver as he came back for his second session. He
was much better this time and screwed me slowly for nearly the
whole half hour. I came three times during that one session and
was amazed how he had improved! I was still quivering from the
most recent orgasm as I heard him pull up his pants and leave. I
didn't even hear anyone call changeover. I think they had given
up on any pretence of a schedule and were just changing over as
soon as they were done with me. Light flooded in again as he left
and I covered my eyes until the door was closed. Once again I was
totally blind for the first few minutes after the door closed and
we were once again plunged into darkness.

The guy on top of me was very big! It had to be the senior driver
again. I was expecting the other one. Maybe they had changed
sequence for some reason. Not that it mattered! He was pretty
good for a big fat guy and screwed me hard and fast. He took his
pants down to his knees this time instead of just pulling his
cock out through his zip. He really gave it to me hard! It was
different than the first time. He held most of his weight off of
me for one thing, and he fucked me so hard I could feel his balls
slapping against my bum. I came again which surprised me! When he
came he released a flood into me. I already received several
loads but I could still feel his cum splashing inside me. Jet
after jet hit the back of my cunt as he came repeatedly. I was
amazed he had so much juice left, since he had just fucked me
about an hour ago. He got dressed and mumbled thanks as he left.

The changeovers continued like that for a surprising number of
times. It was all a bit hazy, I was so tired I barely noticed as
the one fucking me changed, but I was sure that they had changed
at least fifteen times. That meant that they had fucked me at
least five times each, which was impressive, especially for the
older driver. Eventually I began to notice pressure on my bladder
and I told whichever one it was that had just finished screwing
me that I had to pee. He said ok and as he left through the
forward hatch I heard him say coarsely, "She needs a piss", to
the others. It was only moments later that the side door opened
and one of the drivers said that we were in a roadside rest area
and there was a toilet block nearby. I had so much cum dripping
out of me and I didn't want to get it on my clothes, so I just
wrapped a blanket around me. One of the drivers helped me down
from the cabin. My legs were trembling from all the fucking and
orgasms and I could barely walk, but I managed to make it to the
toilet block on my own.

The rest area had seven trucks in it and a bunch of the drivers
were sitting around a park table, smoking and drinking beer.
There must have been twenty or more of them. It was starting to
get dark but I could see my way. As I walked past them they all
smiled at me and I began to get suspicious! I went to the toilet
and peed and cleaned myself up. I rinsed as much cum out of me as
I could with splashes of water and my fingers, but I was still
very wet inside. I was thinking about all the men outside and was
pretty sure I knew what had been going on. As I walked back
toward the truck with the blanket wrapped around me, I stopped at
the table where all the truckers were gathered. I approached the
senior driver I had originally made the deal with. I said, "The
deal was I would fuck you and your co-drivers. You've been
letting all these guys take turns at me haven't you?" He looked
quite smug as he told me that these were all his co-drivers, they
were travelling as a convoy. He smiled at me as he said it and
the truckers all laughed at how he had tricked me into fucking
all of them.

I wasn't really pissed off. I had been enjoying myself, so I
surprised them all by sitting on the edge of the table with the
blanket under my bum and still wrapped around my shoulders and
saying, "Who still hasn't had a turn then?" With that I leaned
back and lay down on the table with the blanket underneath me. I
threw the blanket open and lay there naked with my legs off the
end of the table, as the crowd went totally silent for a second
or two. Someone broke the silence with a comment about getting
some of that, and undid his belt as he approached the end of the
table. He lifted my legs over his shoulder and started fucking
me. Some of the guys were still sitting at the table and were
playing with my tits as he fucked me. There were only a couple of
the drivers that hadn't had me yet and they took their turns in
the same position. When they had cum inside me, I lay there for a
moment before I realised no one else was coming forward. "Is that
it?" I asked as I sat up. Someone said that was the last guy.
They had all had me! Twenty one drivers for the seven long haul
trucks had all taken turns at me! I just said, "Anyone for
seconds?"

Seven or eight of the drivers went for seconds as I was laid back
on the table again. I was being screwed in front of twenty other
guys and being watched by so many men as I was being fucked, got
me very excited. I had three or four more orgasms right there on
the table. When they were all done the guys told me they were
just outside Adelaide but they were now too late to make the
depot, and would have to wait until morning. The convoy broke up
as some of the guys went home to their wives and girlfriends. A
couple of them, who were sharing a house, took me to their place
and fucked me a few more times. They said they would take me home
after they dropped off their loads at the depot the next morning.

At least I had the opportunity to have a nice bath and wash my
hair. I felt much better the next morning after a good nights
sleep. My sleep was interrupted a couple of times by someone
climbing into my bed and fucking me. I caught up with most of the
truckers I had screwed the day before at the depot, but there was
no opportunity for them to fuck me again. It was nearly lunch
time when they were done and I asked who was going to take me
home. I had a lot of volounteers and I knew they wanted to fuck
me again. In the end, three trucks took me home with six men in
them. It was early afternoon now and that's when I called Mark's
secretary to let him know I would see him after work.

Mark sat in stunned disbelief through most of my story. He tried
to interrupt me a few times but I wouldn't let him stop me. When
I was finally done telling him how I had spent my time getting
gangbanged for the last week and a half by over 50 men in all, I
finally let him speak. The six truckers who had brought me home
were still in the room and had been silent throughout my whole
story. It was the first time they had heard the whole story as
well.

Mark got very angry and told me straight out that he didn't
believe me. He said I was making it all up to get back at him for
cheating on me. I could see how hard it would be for him to
accept the new me but I didn't have much sympathy. He had cheated
on me with my best friend after all.

I told Mark that I would make him believe me. I told him I had
promised to fuck all six of these truck drivers for bringing me
home but since Mark had come home early, I had only been fucked
by four of them so far. I stood up and let my dress slip off my
shoulders. I had nothing on underneath! I was in my own lounge
room, naked, with my husband and six other men. As I walked
towards the table, I said "Whose turn is it?" to the men. Mark
stood up and told me to cover myself! He still didn't seem to
realise how things had changed. I wasn't the submissive, little
woman anymore.

I told him he could leave and divorce me if he wanted but if he
walked out of this room, he was fired! He could tell I meant it
and fell back onto the sofa with a look of shock on his face. He
was paying himself over $300,000 a year as manager of my company
and we both knew he wouldn't get anything even close to that
anywhere else. I knew he wouldn't leave! This was my final
revenge. I had seen him fucking my best friend and now he was
going to have to watch me getting fucked as well.

The two men who hadn't fucked me yet approached me with a smile
and dropped their pants. I think the thought of fucking me in
front of my husband turned them on because they were both hard.
As I hopped back up on the table, one of the men lifted my legs
over his shoulders and looked right at Mark as he stuck his cock
inside me. He started screwing me hard and my breasts were
bouncing up and down as I lay there on the table moaning with
pleasure. I motioned the second man over and took him in my
mouth. I sucked his cock while his friend screwed me and Mark had
to watch the whole thing. The two men came almost at the same
time. The one in my mouth was quicker by only a few seconds. As
he pulled out of my mouth and sprayed cum all over my face, his
friend suddenly gave a mighty shove and buried his cock to the
hilt in my cunt as he unloaded his balls of their contents.

I still hadn't cum so I asked if anyone wanted more. After
hearing my story, most of the men were ready to go again and one
by one they fucked me in front of my husband. I came twice as
they fucked me, and I was loud. There was no way Mark could doubt
me anymore. I was a gangbang queen! When the men were done, one
of them helped me off the table. I walked very unsteadily over to
Mark and he said angrily, "OK, you've had your revenge. Now get
these men out of here!" He still didn't get it! I explained to
him that it had started out as revenge but now I knew that this
was what I wanted. I told him I was going to be letting a lot of
men fuck me from now on and he might as well get used to the
idea. The men left and things with Mark were very cold for a few
weeks but he never actually left me.

I wasn't particularly cruel about it. I never deliberately
invited men over to fuck me in front of Mark again, although he
did come home early again once more and I was with two guys in
our own bed. We had a talk after that and I agreed to have any
men out of the house by 5pm and Mark agreed not to come home
before then.

There was only one more incident but it wasn't my fault. Nine men
had been taking turns at me as I was bent over the kitchen table,
all afternoon. They spread my legs and tied my ankles to the
table legs and then bent me over with my hands tied to the far
side. Most of them had me more than once and I think a couple
even went for thirds. They fucked my ass as well as my cunt and
when they had finished, they left without untying me. Mark came
home to find me in that position with cum dripping out of my cunt
and my ass. There was a large puddle of cum on the floor. Mark
wasn't very happy but I didn't care much, although he did wait
almost an hour before untying me.

That has been the way of it ever since. It's a rare day that I
don't have a few men drop by the house for a fuck and if they
don't, I go out and find some new ones. I leave week day
afternoons for my regulars who come to me at home. Usually
there's only a few but occasionally a dozen or more will turn up.

Friday or Saturday nights I go looking for new talent. Sometimes
both nights, so I get seriously gang banged by a group of new men
at least once a week, even if I have to go a bar and pretend to
be drunk and gagging for it. I've been living this life style for
almost three years now and I estimate I have had over two
thousand different cocks inside me.

Mark still fucks me a couple of times a week. More often than he
used to in fact. When he's fucking me, he likes to give it to me
hard. I think he's trying to hurt me but he's not really equipped
for it. I give a little yelp every now and then, it seems to make
him happy, but it's the next gangbang I'm really thinking about
when Mark fucks me.

My life is wonderful!



Hi! If you like my stories, or even if you don't, please give me
some feedback. I would love to hear from you.

alisonames@live.com





