JAMIE

BY TOMMY

Part 6

Jamie sat on his hard wooden chair, trying to finish the maths
test. The seam of his shorts were as tight as ever and the
slightest movement seemed to push the shorts deeper between his
buttocks and into his little bum-hole.

The spanking he'd received at the start of class had been
painful, but as usual, all he felt now was a warm glow. He looked
down at the sums on the page. So much had happened in the last
twenty four hours. He still wasn't sure about everything.

He had enjoyed what Miss Turner had done to him last night 
though it had been embarrassing as well. But did she really plan
to do this every day, and make it part of his school work? He
sighed. Teachers were so strange.

"Time's up Jamie." Miss Turner was looking at her watch. "Read
out the answers you have please."

The boy looked up, swallowing nervously. "Please miss, may I have
a bit longer to" "No Jamie, you've had the full thirty minutes
allowed. Number one.?"

Miss Turner was not impressed. Only half the test completed and
half of those were wrong! She looked at him stonily. "This is
terrible Jamie! You are a bright child but you have not applied
yourself to this test correctly and as usual you have not checked
your answers as I instructed." She paused. "Tonight, you will
write out all your tables, ten times! Now, take your English book
and turn to page forty one."

Jamie did as instructed. He was surprised at not receiving the
slipper or cane. Yes, he felt relieved at not being caned  as he
was sure he deserved  yet also disappointed. Writing out all the
tables would take ages, whereas a caning was over in a few
minutes.

She looked at her watch again. Soon time to get lunch started.
The afternoon was likely to be full, so

"Jamie, today is going to rather busy so there are a few things
I'd like to get out of the way before lunch. Find your biology
folder and take out your worksheets on Puberty." She waited until
the boy had found the correct papers.

"I want to go to the kitchen for a few minutes and while I'm
gone, you will fill in the boxes for today. Fill in both the
boxes Jamie  yes, both! When you've finished, I want you to
remove your shorts completely and stand in front of your desk,
hands on head!"

She left the room, leaving the boy alone, his face already red
with embarrassment.

The potatoes were quickly peeled and the carrots scraped. She
placed the casserole in the oven and opened a bottle of wine.
Always best to let it breathe for a few hours.

Jamie was standing exactly where she'd told him. Ignoring him for
a minute, she had a look at what he'd written. "Hmm, two inches
soft and six and a half inches erect. Sounds about right. Though
I'm not sure about that last half inch!" She chuckled. For years,
she'd never ceased to be amazed at the tremendous variation she'd
found among boys' penises. Every one was different. She thought
for a second. Yes, Jamie's erect penis was without doubt the
largest she'd ever seen for a boy his age, or in fact for any boy
under sixteen! She laughed silently. No wonder Marjorie and her
daughters were so eager to have him go over. She had no doubt
that somehow her friend would arrange for Jamie to have erections
when and wherever possible. She bit her lip to stop herself from
laughing out loud.

"Right, come here" she ordered, sitting in her chair. "Oh and
let's take your teashirt off, shall we?" she continued, pulling
it off for him. "Now, hands on head, that's right. I don't want
to take all day over this!"

Jamie felt embarrassed. It seemed strange for his teacher to have
to do this in the schoolroom. Her fingers closed over his
semi-erect willy and he felt his bottom being played with.
"A few points I want to make" said his teacher quietly. "As I
already said, this is not being done for your benefit, but mine.
I am milking you so that you will have no silly urges to start
secretly playing with yourself like you did yesterday. I am not
prepared to spend more than three minutes on this, and I expect
you to ejaculate within that time. If you don't, I will consider
it an act of disobedience and punish you accordingly,
understand?"

"Yes miss" replied Jamie breathlessly. From the way his teacher's
finger was pushing his prostate, even two minutes would be more
than enough time.

"Next, you will not ejaculate until I say so. When you feel your
milk wants to come out, you will ask politely for permission to
ejaculate, is that clear?" Jamie grunted "Yes miss", and gasped
as he felt a finger teasing his balls. His legs shook. Typical of
young boys, he required very little time.

Electricity seemed to course through his body and then
concentrate somewhere between his legs. Something deep inside his
bottom was tingling so much, he thought it must surely explode.
His legs trembled.

"Missm..missplease may I let it come out....please
miss..please!" His high pitched voice filled the air. Miss Turner
considered, a wicked glint in her eye. She didn't answer. "Oh
missplease miss!!" She laughed. "Very well Jamie."

Pushing a bit harder against his prostate, she saw one, then a
second small drop of his young semen fly across the room. Taking
a tissue from the table, she wiped the tip of his penis, coaxing
the last drop out of him.

"Right, that's it. Off to the bathroom with you, then shorts and
teashirt back on. Oh and for goodness sake Jamie, do brush your
hair!"

The smell from the kitchen was gorgeous and Jamie felt his tummy
rumbling as he walked downstairs. Miss Turner was busy whipping
cream and smiled kindly as he walked in. "Lunch will be ready
soon Jamie. I bet you're hungry, aren't you?" The boy nodded.
"Well you can help me a little. Take these knives and forks to
the dining room and put them nicely on each mat."

The door bell rang. "Okay, I'll take them myself. Go and answer
the door would you please?"

Jamie's heart sank. He trotted obediently to the large oak door
and opened it. Mr Slack smiled down at him. "Hello Jamie. Could
you take these please?" he said, handing the boy a small box of
cakes. "I think Miss Turner would prefer that they go to the
kitchen." He watched the boy as he took the box away and his
eyebrows rose. Those shorts! Joyce had certainly excelled herself
this time!

"John, how marvellous!" Miss Turner took the bunch of flowers he
now produced and accepted a light kiss on the cheek. "Really, you
shouldn't have. Come through to the dining room. Lunch is almost
ready."

"Now, you sit there John, I'm here, and Jamie, you can sit here.
Oh John, be a dear and pour the wine would you. I do hope it's
okay." John Slack laughed. "Joyce, in all the years I've known
you, you have never served wine that has been anything but first
rate!"

He tapped his head. "Oh dear, I just remembered." He looked at
Jamie, sitting at his place, tracing invisible outlines on his
mat. "Jamie, I left two objects on the back seat of the car. Run
and get them would you?"

His eyes followed the boy as he departed and Joyce grinned. She
knew John! He looked at her and shook his head, his eyes full of
admiration. "Joyce, those shorts. They'rewell..amazing!" "Well,
perhaps you could suggest this design to the school governors"
she joked. John imagined all the boys in the school being dressed
in such shorts. He chuckled. "Mmm, that would be very nice
indeed!"

They heard the door and after what seemed like a long pause,
Jamie entered the room rather sheepishly, an embarrassed look on
his face. Joyce grinned. One hand held a long school cane, the
other a curious instrument. What on earth? Then she recognised
the small wooden handle and shorts leather cords. A martinet!

Jamie looked up at his headmaster and blushed. "Are these what I
had to bring sir?"

Mr Slack nodded. "Yes Jamie. You may put them on the sideboard
over there for now. I won't be requiring them until after
lunch.""

Jamie placed the articles on the polished surface, glad to get
rid of them. He had no doubt whatsoever for whom they were
intended. His buttocks twitched and he rubbed his bottom. John
and Joyce exchanged glances and laughed quietly.

"Sit down then Jamie. We can start."

For most of the meal the two adults talked about work,
occasionally asking Jamie a few questions about his hobbies and
sports. It was only with dessert almost over, that John Slack
leaned back and surveyed the young boy sitting quietly eating his
ice cream.

"Well young man, what exactly are we to do with you, hmm?" Jamie
reddened. "Quite an interesting few years you've been having at
the school it seems." John wiped his mouth with his napkin. "What
you've been getting away with is unbelievable." He paused and
looked at the boy, a serious look on his face. "Jamie, do you
realise just how much Miss Turner has helped you by agreeing to
this course of action? You could already have been expelled and
in some dark and miserable children's home if it wasn't for her.
Do you understand how much she's done for you?"

Jamie nodded, not sure of where to look. "Yes sir." His voice was
faint and meek. "I had a long look through all the punishment
cards your teacher has collected over the past few years. Almost
every single one should have earned you a hard caning! I'm
pleased to see that Miss Turner is seeing that justice is done."
He saw Joyce grinning and winked at her.

"However Jamie, it became clear to me that there were occasions
when you deserved to be caned in front of the whole school."
Jamie looked up in horror. He remembered the three boys in
assembly a few days after Mr Slack had started. Their cries of
pain as their bare bottoms were caned in front of everyone!

Mr Slack read his mind. "Oh yes Jamie, you'll be seeing a lot
more of that when you go back to school, and no doubt you'll be
experiencing it yourself!" He sighed.

"So, if you've finished your ice-cream, perhaps you and I should
have a long talk about all this upstairs." He suddenly remembered
something. "Oh, and there's also a little matter of your
behaviour yesterday. Totally unacceptable. Never mind, I'm sure
I'll be able to get to the bottom of it!"

He signalled for Jamie to stand. Those shorts! How thin were
they? At the back they disappeared into his crack and were so
high that you could see the lower part of the boy's bottom. The
front left absolutely nothing at all to the imagination. 

"Do you have anything on under those shorts, Jamie?" The boy shook his
head, looking at the ground. "No sir" he whispered. "Good. Well
young Jamie, I want you to take the cane and the martinet
upstairs and place them on your desk. You will remove all your
clothing and stand on your tip- toes facing the wall, with just
your nose touching. Keep your hands on your head and your legs
straight. That is all. You may go!"

Joyce waited until he'd left. "Why did you bring one of your
canes John?" she asked, puzzled. "I've got plenty, you know."
John scratched his nose. "You can guess the answer Joyce. You use
those soft lighter canes. I think it would be good for the boy to
experience a proper school cane. I've only caned him once with
it. Besides, he's going to be seeing quite a lot of them when he
goes back to school  I promise you that!" He smiled. "Oh, and
the martinet's a present for you. I thought you might like to try
it. Those cords get to places a cane or slipper could never
reach. Between the legs and buttocks, the effect is quite
spectacular."

Joyce laughed. Oh yes, she'd definitely have to try that! John
drained his glass and stood. "Well, ready?" He grinned. "I'll
show you how to use that martinet. It's a very versatile little
instrument. I can't wait to see the boy's face when he sees some
of the positions he has to adopt. Most embarrassing some of
them!"

He glanced at her, suddenly worried. "Oh Joyce, what about the
film. Do you have enough for a few hours. I wouldn't want to"
Miss Turner stopped him. "For heaven's sake John, don't worry.
I've put a two hour reel on. I'll start it as soon as we go up.
Just be sure that everything you do stays within the faint chalk
circle on the floor. It's quite big so there shouldn't be a
problem. Oh, and John, we should make sure he's facing the mirror
occasionally. The expression on a boy's face when the cane lands
for the first time is priceless. I'd like to have some of that on
tape as well."

John shook his head in amazement. "You think of everything Joyce.
I suppose you'll be wanting to put make-up on him next." "Not a
bad idea" said Joyce, a twinkle in her eye. "Only, not on his
face!"

They burst out laughing together and went upstairs to Jamie.

The window in his bedroom was open and Jamie could hear the dull
roar of a lawnmower somewhere down the road. It must be about
five o'clock, he thought. He moved his head to a drier part of
the pillow where his tears hadn't yet fallen. Lying on his tummy,
he was able to examine the intricate pattern on the pillowcase.
Soft blue wavy lines.

Occasionally he lifted his arm and traced the raised weals
criss-crossing his buttocks. The pain had lessened now and he
felt only a dull throbbing. It seemed as if half his body had
been badly sunburnt, from the back of his thighs up to the top of
his bottom, all was a bright red colour.

He wasn't sure how long he had been lying like this. After the
first thirty minutes in the schoolroom, time seemed to have
passed very strangely, going so fast one minute, then very
slowly. The memory was a blur. Small pockets of relative peace
where he had stood like a statue facing the wall, then long
sessions that seemed to last forever. The lectures, threats, his
promises to do better, his excuses, his squeals of indignity as
he was made to assume the most silly positions. And the pain! Oh,
the pain. It sometimes seemed like his bottom must surely be
sliced into pieces, such were the force of the strokes.

Mr Slack had started so slowly. Questions about his misdeeds, his
attempts at masturbation, the embarrassing and painful
examinations! His small testicles were still sore. How Mr Slack
had squeezed them! The scoldings, the spankings and then the
martinet. Jamie simply couldn't believe that a small thing like
the martinet could cause so much suffering, though not just
painful; the way he had been ordered to position himself had been
so embarrassing. He tried hard to stop himself thinking about
that!

Then the canings! Counting out each stroke, finally getting to
the end, only to see his headmaster rip up one punishment card
and pick up another.

He sniffed and found a fresher part of the pillow for his head.

The door opened and Miss Turner came in and sat on the edge of
the bed. She examined the boy's bottom and smiled. "Well Jamie,
I've allowed an hour for you to recover. Mr Slack has left and I
think you have some work to do. We're already behind in our
timetable, so I think it would be a good idea if you were to get
up and go to your desk." She ran her hand gently over the raised
weals. "I know it may have been painful, but Mr Slack was very
kind in allowing you to take your punishment here, rather than in
front of the school later in September." She paused and stroked
his thigh. "It may also interest you to know that he used a
junior cane. Next year, you'll be thirteen, and he'll be using a
Middle school cane, much thicker and more painful! So, if I were
you, Jamie, I would stop feeling sorry for myself, and be
grateful that you were punished in private, rather than having
five hundred other boys and teachers all looking at your bottom!

Jamie raised his head. "Will he be coming back here miss?" he
asked anxiously. "Miss Turner nodded. "Probably in a few weeks,
but only to see how you're getting on. She patted his thigh.
"Then he'll be seeing you on your first day back at school."

Taking his shorts in her hand, she patted his thigh. "Come on
Jamie, up!" The young boy sighed and stood up, stepping into the
shorts his teacher held for him. He flinched as the tight
material was pulled up over his sore reddened skin.

"Hmm, I don't think I'll be using the cane for a while Jamie,
well, not until most of the bruises have gone." She pulled the
shorts up hard, making him squeal. "However, don't expect any
special treatment just because you've got Ja sore bum!"

All thoughts of wallowing in self-pity evaporated during the next
few hours. Taking him back to his studies in the schoolroom, Miss
Turner soon had him working as hard as ever on his maths and
English. A long spelling test followed. Finally, she insisted on
him starting the punishment homework she'd set him earlier.

"I expect all those multiplication tables copied out ten times in
the next hour!" she said, leaving the room. "I'm going to sort
some things out and then make supper. When you've finished, you
can go to the gym and get some exercise. Sit-ups, bending,
running on the spot, stretching and jumping. I expect to see a
nice sweat on you when I come back. Oh, and Jamie?" She frowned.
"I think those shorts will be too uncomfortable for PE. Your skin
is sore and they're likely to chaff when you're moving. Remember
to take them off!"

Before going downstairs, she quickly entered the small gym and
checked the cameras behind the large mirrors. Oh yes, perfect!
She rubbed her hands. Perhaps some more light? It had been John's
idea. How best to show off the boy's striped backside from all
angles. Her hand itched and she chuckled. She knew exactly what
to hold in her hand to keep him absolutely still! 
