Stripping, My First Time
by julesteve

My first-time stripping with an audience.

The first time I stripped with friends was at a rather dull party.

The company I worked for was relocating, but I'd had an offer from another firm and had decided to stay as I liked my little house and the area. The party had been a meal, drinks and music in a large, expensive hotel. Rooms had been booked for all the guests, so everyone had taken advantage of the open bar.

As a single twenty-something, I'd had more than my fair share of attention through the night and was currently sitting on the balcony of the relatively good-looking finance manager who had spent the last hour trying to persuade me, unsuccessfully, to stay with the company. Most of the finance department had returned to his room for a nightcap and had joined in with listing reasons I should stay. As the drink flowed, the reasons became sillier as they realised I wasn't to be swayed, joking around about my impending departure and where it might lead.

For months I'd worked hard, concentrating on my career, and this was the first time I'd allowed myself a drink and some downtime.

It was also the first time in the company of males outside work. Although I only saw them as colleagues, the manager, as I said, was good-looking, and the other guys were either bookish or still living at home, fresh out of college type.

Talking of career risks, one of them jokingly said, 'if all else fails, you could always entertain at bachelor parties with your figure.'. The other guys said that was out of order, I was too 'nice' for that sort of thing and that he should behave. Because I wasn't that kind of girl.

All very chivalrous, but surprisingly it annoyed me that they were making assumptions based on what they'd seen at work, professional, serious, hard-working and sensible.

Obviously, these guys only knew me from work and nothing of my adventurous, exhibitionist side.

With a mischievous smile, I decided it was time I had some fun.

After all, I wasn't going to be seeing them after tonight

Standing, I said, 'who says I'm too nice for that kind of thing?'

Lying, I added, 'plenty of girls work their way through Uni stripping.'

There was silence then one of the more confident guys said, 'did you.'

I leaned in and whispered in his ear, loud enough for the others to hear.

'Now that would be telling.'

'I still couldn't see you doing that for a living.' he said

'Don't think you'd have the nerve.'

I wondered how he would react if he knew the truth, how I was an exhibitionist.

Stepping back, I said, 'oh really?' reached to my hip and unzipped my skirt, slowly sliding it down, letting the material drop open until they could see a peek of the fabric of my white panties.

'What are you doing?' he stammered, looking shocked.

'Ah, looks like I'm not the one getting get cold feet.' I smiled, doing my zip back up.

There was electricity in the room, the guys were joking around, but it was somewhat subdued as they tried to process what had just happened.

I wanted so badly to strip in front of them, show them what I looked like naked, turned on, and wet and that I wasn't the 'innocent' they thought me to be.

My chance came when one of the guys said jokingly, 'If things go wrong in finance, I will certainly book you for a few parties. That was pretty hot.'

There were a few laughs, and several of the guys agreed with him, saying I must leave my number, which I think was a last-ditch attempt for one of them to secure it.

I had a work phone that went off outside of office hours. No one had my personal number.

Then one of them said the fatal line, 'Bet she wouldn't strip for real though.'

This was the turn in the conversation, joking as it was, that gave me my in and a chance to see how far I could push things.

'Well, if you think that's true, why don't you put your money down and see if I'm worth a career change? Bet you fifty each, I will strip.'

They thought I was bluffing, but each sorted out fifty pounds, putting it on the small coffee table.

'Well, there's fifty each, so if you're still game...?'

He left the question hanging, and I said.

'So I should start with this?' putting my hand to the zip on my skirt, he smiled and shrugged his shoulders as if to say, if you dare.

I could see the anticipation on the guy's faces, now beginning to wonder where this was going and if I was seriously going to strip. I was, my pussy already damp at the thought of being naked in front of guys I'd been working closely with, who obviously thought of me as a quiet professional, serious type of lady. How wrong they were.

Unzipping my skirt, I began easing it over my hips, slowly revealing the silk of my panties. I let the skirt pool around my feet and stepped out of it.

I noticed that all eyes around the room intensely inspected my legs and panties. I could see on their faces the question, would I strip completely. I felt even more excited now, displaying myself to them in just my blouse, bra and skimpy brief panties.

The telltale feeling between my legs said I would.

My blouse soon joined my skirt on the floor. I'd teased, unbuttoning it slowly, letting it slip from my body as I turned in a side-on profile. As I stood there, in just bra, panties and heels, one of the guys asked quietly and polity if I'd mind turning around slowly. I complied, hearing them whispering as they watched me.

As I faced them again, the manager smiled at me and said. 'I think all the guys will agree you've proven the point. That's enough of a strip to fulfil the bet.'

There was an audible intake of breath, as I said. 'I don't think so, but if you feel uncomfortable, feel free to leave.'

A couple of them looked a little shocked as I reached behind and unclipped my bra, holding it in place for a second before letting it slip slowly from my breasts, cupping them with my hands, hiding them from view, exposing them as I let my hands drift to my side. The sight of them all staring at me caused my nipples to stiffen, and from the looks on their faces, I am sure they all noticed my excitement. Wetness seeped from between the lips of my pussy, dampening my panties and making the thin material transparent.

They'd been my work colleagues for so long that it felt strange and naughty standing in front of them clad in nothing but the briefest of panties and high heels. If they couldn't see me as a stripper now, they never would.

Turning, legs together, I

bent over a nearby chair giving everybody a view of my ass, the silky material of my panties stretched tight over my cheeks.

The room was silent as they waited to see what I would do.

Running a hand between my legs, I slowly rubbed a finger back and forth and fingered myself through the panties. Hearing one of them remark, 'look how wet Juliet's panties are,' confirmed they'd noticed my excitement and was almost enough to send me to a shuddering climax.

On shaking legs, I turned to face them again, the room deathly silent as I stood in the centre and slowly rubbed myself over my panties, feeling them ride up, highlighting the shape of my mound and slit. Really close to orgasm, I slid my panties to one side, revealing myself to them briefly as I dipped a finger into myself.

My orgasm came quickly, and I could hear their breath quicken as I bit my bottom lip to stop myself from crying out. It was quick and intense. I could feel the juices running from my aching pussy, wetting my inner thighs.

Still shaking, I wiggled my hips and pulled my soaking panties down with one hand while covering my pussy with the other. Moving it slowly out of the way with my panties around my ankles, trailing my fingers over my wet lips and the neatly shaven strip of pubic hair as I exposed my pussy to them.

They could hardly believe what I was doing, and I knew then that I wouldn't have objected if any of them had made a move on me. Actually, welcoming hands on my breasts and nipples, their fingers searching and exploring between my legs, bringing me to orgasm as they probed my pussy. But alas, it was not to be. They were not the type, not used to this kind of thing, appreciative of the strip and the show, but lacking the confidence to take things further, especially in front of each other.

From the way they were sitting, hands in laps, legs crossed, they were all obviously excited, and I had no doubt I'd be the subject of late-night masturbation as I stood naked, exposed, exhibiting my naked body to my friends and colleagues.

There had been nothing but gasps and whispers from the guys, and they sat just as silent as I picked up my clothes. Not bothering to dress, I smiled at them and said.

'Thank you for a wonderful goodbye, I know a few of you have taken sly glances in the office, so I hope you've all enjoyed seeing me. I hope it's everything you expected.'

The manager laughed and clapped his hands together, which broke the silence as they joined him. I did a little bow and turned to the door.

'Hey, what about your clothes.' one of them said, a little panicked and concerned as I opened the door.

I smiled, 'I'm only just down the corridor.'

'But someone might see.' he added.

I Winked, 'hope so.'

And with that, I left the room, my colleagues and my job and on to new adventures.
