MASTER WILLIAM'S HOUSE OF PAIN

BY ANONYMOUS MASTER

Part 1

The Kidnapping

Master William watched excitedly as the three boys exited their
cub-scout group meeting and as was usual for them headed through
the woods which backed up to the streets that would eventually
take the young trio home along the back streets of their
neighborhood. He new this was the boy's established route from
his month long observation and covert surveillances of these boys
and all was set in motion for final activation of his plan to
acquire his prey.

He new exactly where he would confront the three youth as they
exited the woods onto a dirt bike trail just off a side street
and well outside of any traffic, houses or unexpected company.
The three chloroform rags were well soaked as well as a strong
tranquilizer in three needles ready to plunge into the boys
unsuspecting musculature.

He ran over his plan to stop the boys asking their assistance
with helping him to his van as he sprained his ankle and needed
help back to the vehicle. It was a perfect set up, as it worked
well with the boys merit badges in both service and first aid.

Master William was able to make it to the prescribed location of
abduction well ahead of the youngsters and eagerly unlocked the
van set up the cloths and needles and walked the 500 yards up the
dirt path to lay in agonized pain for the boy's rescue of him.

He did not need wait long approximately five minutes later he
heard the unmistakable sounds of boys whacking trees, laughing
and being boisterous on their way through the underbrush.
Determining that no one else was around to hear his pleas of help
he began loudly crying for help.

There was a sudden hush, then a scampering as the boys heard his
agonized cries and came scampering to his rescue. Soon they were
within sight and running to his aid.

A blond headed, sturdy body of perhaps 8 years of aged reached
him first quickly followed by another boy brown haired and
finally the smallest of the boys a straw- haired imp of a fellow
two years younger than but clearly related to the first boy.

The eight year old: "What's the matter, mister you hurt or
something?" Master William: " Oh, thank heaven you heard me young
man, I hurt my ankle while out looking for my dog who ran away,
and I twisted my foot real bad, I have been out here for hours
calling for help but nobody came until you. Do you three boys
think that you can help support me back to my van, yes that one
right down the road?"

Eight Year Old and the other's chime in unison, "of course where
scouts you know, this is what we are trained to do, always
prepared in a time of need that's our motto Mister. We would be
glad to help."

Master William: "Scouts hey, that great, I sure am glad you guys
came along, if you would just help me along, by letting me lean a
bit on you then help me into the van where the first aid kit is
then I can wrap my foot in tape and bandages and drive on to the
doctor. You boys know first aid?"

Yeah, we just got our safety badges on first aid training last
week; we are almost there mister just a bit farther along now."
The youths replied.

Okay, You son to the younger boy can you open the back door and
get the first aid kit from that cabinet up front?

Now you two, this might be a bit tricky as I am going to need one
of you to hop up in the van and the other assist me by holding me
up as I try and not put any pressure on my bad foot then ease
myself up. Think we can do this?

Yeah, sure no sweat, as the boys complied, Master William took
the fist two syringes out of his pocket, pooped the caps and
depressed one into each of these two boys who unsuspecting this
turn of event but yet unaware and so unprepared to defend
themselves slumped down into the open doorway, Master William
hearing the little guy coming back from the front of the van
prepared the last syringe and as the boy reached him with a happy
exclamation of, " I Found I----- !" Before succumbing to the
effects of the drug depressed into his blood stream.

Quickly Master William pulled the three youths inside, shut the
doors and bound and gagged the youth securely incapacitating them
for the 300 mile trip back to his ranch.

Well, that went better than expected, Master William thought,
driving cautiously but steadily along the back roads until he
reached the first of many highways leading him home. With his
reserve tank filled he would not stop until he reached the safety
of his old ranch house nestled on the 5000 acres of land he
inherited from his late uncle three years before.

In just over three hours he was pulling into the electronically
controlled gate leading up the three mile drive to the house.
Pushing his code into the digital pad, he then pulled onto the
drive and drove up to the house around the circular driveway to
the rear of the house and the three car garage he open the garage
doors electronically and then pulled the van well into the space
shut the doors locked them and then opened the rear door of the
van and hoisted first one the another of the boys onto his
massive shoulders and then entered the house and proceeded down a
hall, about midway he proceeded to run his fingers three inches
from the top of the wall until he found the secretly concealed
and invisible seam concealing a latch which allowed access to the
hidden stair way and the rooms hidden below the layout of the
garage, and cellar. He punched in another access code and
deposited his first boy then tied him to the single military
issued surplus cot, and then existed the cell, locked it turned
on the monitoring equipment to the rooms and proceeded to do the
same thing in the next cell with the other boy, having him
secured he proceeded back up the stairs to the still sleeping
third youth who easily went over one shoulder for his trip down
to his cell, once secured and locked safely away he then resumed
in trip back up the stairs and to the kitchen where he made
himself a light dinner consumed it and checking his watch and
seeing he had six hours he decided to shower and then sleep four
for or five hours as he wanted to be refreshed and ready for the
evenings festivities when the boys awoke from their drug induced
sleep some seven hours from now.

