The Academy
by storyguy

The Academy – 13

As of the ending of chapter 13 and beyond, Tendal Braxis is taking over the story line of this story. I will continue to write it using his ideas.
Beth woke up with a start as Nick shook her. “Get up, lazy, it’s time for breakfast!” he grinned.

“Huh? What time is it? I must have fallen asleep…” Beth gasped as she dropped her robe from her shoulders. Hastily she dressed and the two headed for the dining hall. “I can’t believe I fell asleep! Why didn’t you wake me?”

“I was going to but you looked cute sleeping nude.” Nick answered. “Besides, it was fun looking at you!”

“You’re soo bad,” Beth grinned. After what had happened the previous night, Beth knew she had no more to hide from him. He had seen, felt, and now tasted everything she could possibly want to hide anyway. Tasted… she thought, how she loved that part!

The day progressed like any other but Beth couldn’t seem to focus. Her mind kept returning to the feeling of Nick’s tongue licking her. She couldn’t concentrate on her classes and finally just gave up trying to control her brain.

“Are you OK?” Nick asked as they left their final class of the day.

“Yeah, why?” Beth questioned.

“You just seem out of it today,” Nick observed. “Something on your mind or something?”

A slight blush came over her face. Was it that obvious she had already worked herself into a frenzy? Beth was feeling randy but didn’t expect people to be able to notice. “No! I’m fine,” she answered.

As they were walking back to their dorm Beth and Nick came across another set of partners they had become friendly with. They ended up spending the afternoon with them, which finally gave Beth’s mind something to do besides think of the previous night. They ended up eating together before parting and going back to their rooms.

Nick sat down at his desk and began studying, as he usually did. Beth sat at hers also, opened her book, and tried to study, but her mind wouldn’t cooperate. Visions and thoughts of the previous night kept haunting her.

Finally she just gave up and let her mind wander. Beth tried to think of a way to ask Nick to do it again. What would she call it though? Her naivety frustrated her; she couldn’t remember what it was called. The memory of what he had done was clear enough. The feeling of his tongue caressing her pussy had driven her wild, but she couldn’t very well ask him to put his tongue in her slit again – that would sound stupid.

Beth wracked her brain trying to come up with the “proper” way to ask, but finally gave up. “I’m tired. Can we take our shower now so I can go to bed? You can stay up for a while and study if you want to,” she finally said in desperation.

“Yeah sure… Just give me another five minutes and I’ll be done,” Nick answered without looking up.

The fact he didn’t look up irritated her a little. Couldn’t he take a hint? Beth stood and walked to her closet, pulling her robe out. She glanced over at Nick again and a small grim formed on her face. She dropped her robe onto her bed and began to undress. It wasn’t long before she was completely nude. Instead of putting her robe on she decided to wait.

A few minutes later Nick looked up to see his nude partner. “You must be in a hurry! Let me just grab my robe,” he stated as he pulled it from his closet. Normally Beth would have been very happy to have Nick have no reaction to her nudity, but she had hoped for something different this time. She picked up her robe from the bed and put it on. “I’m ready… Let’s go,” Nick said as he headed to the door. Beth grabbed her shower things and followed him out the door.

Beth was again disappointed when they got to the shower room. Two other sets of partners were already showering and one of the girls looked as if she could have just stepped off of a magazine cover. She was obviously one of the upper class students and had all the right bulges and swells every girl desired. To make maters even worse, when Beth glanced at Nick as they were hanging their robes, his eyes were glued on the girl.

Thankfully, as Nick and Beth entered the shower, “Miss Perfect” and her partner stepped out leaving only one other set of partners with them. Nick stood under a shower head letting the water flow over him but he continued to watch the girl dry off and dress. Naturally his tool was standing straight up as he looked. Once dressed, the girl looked up and Beth swore she smiled at Nick before turning and leaving.

Her action frustrated Beth. More frustrating was the fact three more sets of partners walked in as the girl left. Beth wanted to be alone with Nick and suddenly there were six other people with them. Nick muttered, “I’ll wash your back for you,” as Beth felt a soapy hand begin to caress her. Having him touching her in front of the others made her a little uneasy, but he wasn’t really “touching anything” so she didn’t object.

Beth kept an eye on the others watching for any reaction or look of disapproval as Nick washed her back. They seemed to ignore the situation; still Beth was nervous about it. Nick’s hand slid down her back and Beth felt a finger press between her ass cheeks and slide across her rear opening. Instinctively she jumped away and turned to face him. The scowl on her face told him his actions were not appreciated.

“What?” he asked, knowing the cause of her reaction, but trying to appear innocent.

Beth said nothing but did take the soap from him. Nick grinned and turned. Beth soaped up his back but made sure she kept her hands well within the “safe” limits. After finishing, she turned away from him in time to catch a glimpse of another girl grab her partner’s dick. She held it for a moment before releasing it and whispering something to him. Immediately they stepped out of the shower and, after hastily drying off, left.

Although slightly shocked by the obvious actions, Beth envied the girl somewhat. She could only imagine how embarrassed Nick would be if she grabbed his stiffy in front of the others. She’d never do such a thing though, fearing what they may think of her.

Out of the corner of her eye, Beth noticed one of the other boys staring at her. His attention flattered her, but also made her feel a little self conscious. She had gotten used to being nude in front of Nick and usually it didn’t bother her, but the boy wasn’t Nick. She hesitated for a moment in indecision and then turned her back to him. Beth was afraid to give him the idea she was turning “for” him, but felt better having him look at her bare ass that presenting him with a full frontal view. It made her wonder how boys could do it. Their erections, which were always present, seemed to happily bob in front of everyone, boy or girl, and they didn’t seem to care. Maybe it was just a “girl thing”…

“All set?” Nick asked making her jump.

“Um… yeah,” Beth stammered. The two stepped from the shower. As they dried off, Beth noticed the same boy as before watching her. Part of her hated it, but part found it exciting. He must have thought her attractive otherwise he wouldn’t be looking. The thought gave her a warm feeling. Her thoughts surprised her, but she wanted to somehow “thank” him. She pulled her robe from the hook on the wall and placed it on the bench in front of her. Taking a deep breath, she dropped her towel down next to it and just stood.

Beth’s shyness prevented her from looking up to see if the boy was still looking at her. She was now standing completely naked, her arms at her sides, facing the showers. If he was looking, he would be able to see all of her now. Beth’s excitement was growing. Even though her state of arousal was increasing, her mind began working again too. Slowly her mind won and she picked up her robe and slipped it on. She could feel her stiff nipples straining on the fabric though.

Nick put on his robe, gathered his clothes, and the two headed back to their room. Nick was talking but Beth really wasn’t paying attention. She had been randy all day and the boy in the shower had only seemed to make things worse. Nick’s voice droned in her ear but the words just didn’t matter to her. Suddenly he stopped talking and she looked at him.

“Are you OK?” Nick asked.

“Um… yeah… why?” Beth blushed.

“I just asked you the same question two times and you never answered,” Nick explained.

“Ah… I’m just tired I guess,” Beth lied.
 

“Oh… OK,” Nick answered as they walked into the room.

Beth watched in disbelief as Nick walked to his closet and pulled out the clothes he was going to wear the following day. She had hoped he would try something with her; and she would have welcomed his advances. Instead he was ignoring her! Hoping to get his attention, Beth slipped her robe off and tossed it on the floor. She stood naked waiting for him to notice and hopefully take her hint.

Nick never looked at her. As he walked toward the light switch, he muttered, “Well, I guess I’m kinda tired too. Let’s just go to bed.”

“Alright,” Beth moaned. Instead of grabbing a nightgown, she remained standing in the same position. Nick, without looking up, switched off the light, leaving them in the dark.

In the dim light from the moon coming into the window, Beth watched as Nick walked to his bed and climbed in. She was disappointed. Slowly she pulled her blankets down and got into her bed. It was then she realized Nick had gotten into bed without putting anything on; he was nude also!

Silence fell on the room. Beth remained still, but was still wide awake. Hopefully Nick would fall asleep quickly so she could take care of the “problem” which had been bothering her all day.

After some minutes, Nick spoke. “Do girls, um… ah… rub themselves often?”

“What?” Beth gasped, not sure he was really asking that question.

“You know, touch themselves…um… like between their legs I guess.”

Beth smiled at Nick’s way of asking. “Yeah, some do,” She answered.

“Do you do it often?” he returned.

“I don’t know,” Beth stammered, knowing her face was turning red.

“You do it though… sometimes, right?” Nick questioned.

“Yes,” she blushed.

“I think I’ve heard you sometimes,” Nick confessed. There was no answer Beth could give. She wanted to deny it, but knew she couldn’t. After a few moments, Nick continued. “It’s OK… really… sometimes I do too. The last time I heard you I did it at the same time.”

Beth felt her whole body flush. She had always tried to make sure he was asleep when she pleasured herself. He had caught her once, but she had thought he accepted her explanation. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you up,” she muttered.

“You haven’t… I kinda like listening to you.”

Beth stayed quiet for a few minutes. She was embarrassed about having Nick listen to her masturbate. In an attempt to even things up, she finally blurted, “I’ve heard you sometimes too.”

“Oh…” was Nick’s reply. Both remained quiet for a while again. Nick finally broke their silence once again. “I’ve never seen a girl do it. Do you think I could watch you sometime?” He quickly added, “You can watch me if you want too.”

Suddenly what was a very embarrassing conversation for her became interesting. Beth never even thought of letting anyone see her masturbate, especially a boy, but the thought of watching a boy masturbate excited her. The problem was he’d be watching her also and she wasn’t sure if she could do that. She began thinking though. He had already seen her naked; he’d already even fingered her; so he wouldn’t really be seeing anything new.

“You’ll let me watch you, right?” Beth questioned.

“Yup,” Nick confirmed.

“OK,” Beth agreed. Her stomach was doing flips she was so nervous, but now she was committed.

Nick got out of bed, turned on the light, and then returned to sit on his bed facing Beth. She looked at him nervously at first and then threw back her blanket revealing her nakedness to him. A smile came over his face pleasing her. She sat up and spun around to face him.

For a moment or two they just stared at each other. Nick blushed slightly as his hand went to his crotch and wrapped around his pole. “You said you’d do it too, right?”

Beth nodded as her knees parted. Her eyes remained glued to Nick’s hand as it began to slowly slide up and down his dick. Beth was embarrassed, fascinated, but most of all excited. Her hand slid down to her now very wet pussy and she started rubbing herself.

As Nick’s hand began to move faster, Beth opened her legs wider and plunged a finger into her cavern. All feelings of embarrassment left her, being replaced by the urgency for relief.

Nick was the first to cum. A spurt of boyjuice shot into the air. His orgasm triggered Beth’s. Her legs stretched to their limit opening her pussy to Nick. Somehow the feeling of “being seen” had changed from one of embarrassment to one of need; she wanted him to look at her.

As her climax settled and Beth’s body returned to normal, she looked up into Nick’s face. “That was fun, but I need another shower now. I’m all sticky.” She stood and grabbed a fresh towel. “You coming?”

Nick got up and reached for his robe. “Don’t bother,” she evilly grinned. “Let’s just go like this.”

Nick looked at her in disbelief. “You’re going to walk to the shower and back just wrapped in a towel?”

“No,” Beth laughed. “I’m not going to wrap the towel around me. Saying no more, she opened the door with the towel only draped over her arm and left the room. Nick followed, still wondering what was happening.

Another pair happened to be taking a shower as they entered. Beth tossed her towel onto one of the benches and walked into the shower, choosing a shower head next to the boy already there. Nick walked in behind her. His mouth dropped as Beth turned the water on and then steeped into the water flow facing the boy, who had now moved to face her also.

Nick expected the boy’s partner to say something about her obvious shun, but she seemed to ignore her partner’s actions and instead stepped over, getting under a shower next to Nick. She smiled at him as she handed him a bar of soap. “Would you wash my back for me?”

Nick looked quickly over his shoulder at Beth, who still had her back to him, before taking the soap from the girl. She turned around and Nick began running the bar of soap and his free hand over the back side of her body. Any thoughts of Beth were erased from his mind.

Without warning, the girl turned. Nick’s hand had been at the middle of her back and suddenly he was cupping a tit. He quickly snapped his hand back. “Don’t stop,” the girl muttered in a soft voice. Nick thought he must have misunderstood what she meant until she reached out, took his hand in hers, and placed it back on her breast.

Not wanting to question her further fearing she would change her mind, Nick began to kneed her. He watched her face for signs what he was doing wasn’t what she expected. She offered no resistance and Nick dropped the soap and brought his now free other hand up to cover her other breast. His cock showed no evidence of his recent climax and was pointing toward the ceiling.

“Wash lower,” the girl moaned without opening her eyes. Nick, as any boy his age would do, quickly slid one of his hands down and between her legs. The girl brought her hands to his shoulders as her legs opened to give Nick access to her body. He was now touching his second pussy ever.

A loud grunt distracted him and he looked up and over the girl’s shoulder. Shock fell upon him when he saw Beth pinned against the shower wall. Her feet were off the floor and wrapped around the boy’s waist. His arms were around her holding her tightly. The way his hips were moving, Nick knew she was getting fucked.
 

The Academy – 14

Seeing Beth getting fucked was only a momentary distraction for Nick. He felt a hand wrap around his stiff cock and looked back to see the girl smiling at him. “I need something,” she said in a throaty voice. “I want this in me.”

It didn’t take long for the two to end up prone on the shower floor. Nick aimed his dick and pushed into the girl’s wet pussy. Her legs opened more as he pushed in, jamming his dick into her as far as he could. He was already overstimulated and his hips began to machine gun his cock in and out of her slit. He didn’t really care about her; just needed his release. Moments later his seed was sprayed into her belly.

Nick rested for a few minutes as everything other than getting fucked came back into focus. The only sounds were from the shower heads as they sprayed water to the floor. He looked around and realized they were alone. The action of pulling his dick from the just fucked girl almost made him want to fuck her again, but his concern was for Beth now. Neither she nor the partner of the girl he had just laid were in sight.

He panicked slightly as he looked into the changing area and found that empty also. Nick quickly dried off, grabbed his things, and almost ran from the shower area to his room. He swung the door open and walked into the dark room. Sobs were coming from a dark shadowy figure lying on a bed. Nick shoved the door closed and approached.

Guilt overwhelmed him as he muttered, “You OK?”

Beth looked up. “I’m sorry! I don’t know what happened or what came over me!” she sobbed. “Please don’t hate me! I don’t know why. I didn’t want to let him do that, but I just couldn’t stop.”

The fear of her being angry with him proved false. He sat down on her bed. “It’s OK… I don’t hate you and I never will,” he comforted. “I’m not too proud of what I did either.”

Beth sat up and threw her arms around him. She was still crying, but not as hard now. “I wanted you to be my first. Now that will never happen,” she sobbed. “I can’t believe how stupid I am.”

“You’re not stupid!” Nick countered. “I told you, it’s OK. I’m not mad at you.” Nick had been holding the upset girl and suddenly realized she was nude. Her young tits pressed against his chest. His dick, having a mind of its own, began to stiffen. To compound his problems, Beth once again lay down on her bed, pulling Nick down with her.

Slowly Beth’s sobs relented. The room was now quiet. She became aware of his hard pole pressing against her; the erection she had always wanted but was afraid to take. There was nothing to stop her now though. All her apprehensions and fears were gone. Her hand slipped down between then and she began to fondle him.

Nick’s embarrassment for getting hard “at the wrong time” quickly disappeared. His hand went to her breast and he too began to fondle. After a few minutes lust replaced all other emotions. Beth rolled on to her back, still maintaining her grasp of Nick’s tool. Not needing much coaxing, he rolled on top of her.

Beth parted her legs and guided Nick’s cock to the entrance of her pussy. “Let’s do it right,” she said softly.

“Yeah,” Nick agreed as his hips pushed forward slowly.

Beth’s arousal multiplied ten fold as she felt Nick’s dick part her outer pussy lips and slowly enter her belly. “Mmmm… you feel sooo good,” she moaned.

Nick remained motionless for a few moments. Beth couldn’t stay still though. The sensation of being filled up with Nick’s hard shaft was just too much for her. Her legs wrapped around his, in an attempt to pull him deeper, and her hips pushed up against his. Slowly, Nick began to rock back and forth, moving inside her.

Since he had already climaxed, Nick was now enjoying the feeling of being inside Beth. His movements were slow and fluid as he pumped his cock into her sheath. It was something new for him. He had always been trying to climax before and had never concentrated on the sensations.

Beth was now gasping for air. This time there wasn’t “a” dick in her, but Nick’s. Her body, instead of just getting warmed up for sex, seemed to be building on its prior plateau. She could feel the beginnings of an eruption already bubbling deep within her.

Nick began to pump her faster, accelerating her impending climax. She could feel the gusts of hot air rushing out of his nose and blowing against her shoulder. Suddenly he grunted and pushed forward violently. His cock pulsated as it released his cum into her. His orgasm triggered hers. “I’m cumming….!” she screamed.

“Oooo…. Ahhhh…. Yessss…” Beth gasped as one of her most violent climaxes ever overtook her. Her arms went around his neck tightly as she kissed him passionately.

As the kiss broke, Nick looked down at Beth and realized that there was more depth to his feelings for her than he realized. He wasn't sure, having never felt this way before, but he thought he was falling in love with her. As the realization struck him, he had to bite his tongue to keep from saying it out loud. What if Beth didn't feel the same way about him? What if she laughed at him? How would he ever face her again? He was so confused.


The Academy – 15