To James, it was obvious that Alec shouldn't be walking; he took small, careful steps across the pub's rock-lined parking lot. But when James offered his arm, he shook his head. "This is my reward, remember?"

"Of course." And for the past two-and-a-half weeks, Alec had been pushing himself, hard, to accomplish it.

For that time -- since the night that James had found him drunk -- Alec had been acting like his old self. Though since that night, James hadn't been able to shake the thought that he didn't know what Alec's old self had been.

But that was ridiculous. He might not have known where Alec's loyalties had been, but he knew what was and was not normal behavior for him.

Had he ever known Alec when he didn't have a secret? James felt a chill skitter across his skin -- and not just from the fall wind that whipped across the parking lot. They reached the stairs, and Alec was forced to accept a bit of help. But only until they reached the top. Then he let go, and soldiered on.

That was Alec. He'd always been good at rising to the occasion.

Though he did look relieved when the hostess said she could seat them immediately. Once she'd taken their orders and left them alone, James contemplated having another go at finding out what was on Alec's mind. But before he could, Alec said "it seems odd to be out. But I suppose I'll have to get used to it."

Not yet! He wasn't ready to share Alec with the world. But he said "There's no rush, Alec. You've still got some time, while you build up your strength."

"The fact remains, we can't stay here forever."

Why can't we? the stubborn part of his brain wanted to know. "It doesn't have to end -- "

"Neither one of us were meant to live in two rooms and a hallway." Alec's gaze was intense. "The idyll is nearly at an end, James -- so what happens now?"

James scrabbled for an answer, but before he could find one, Alec continued; "Sooner or later, you're going to have to make an account of yourself to MI-6."

"They need me," James said. "M might not be happy, but sooner or later, she'll have to let me return to duty."

"And what about me?" Alec asked. "I certainly can't go waltzing back through MI-6's front door."

"I said I would keep you safe," James said.

"By what? Keeping me stashed in some out-of-the-way apartment, and slipping in to see me whenever you can steal a few hours?"

"Don't be so melodramatic, Alec."

"Perhaps I should just go. Lose myself somewhere."

"I can't bear to lose you again." He wished they weren't in public, wished he was somewhere he could take Alec in his arms, hold him until he believed what James was trying to tell him ...

The waitress brought their lunch. Alec tucked in eagerly; James had to force himself to eat around the tightness in his throat.

By the time they were finished eating, Alec looked like he was about to fall asleep. James didn't mind; he'd rather finish the conversation at home. He paid, and then they headed for the door.

Alec made it about halfway out, before staggering. He fell against the front desk. Tried to straighten for a moment, before giving up. "Could you get my cane?"

"Lean on me, Alec."

But he shook his head. "I can make it, if you'll just get me the bloody cane."

James knew better than to argue, when Alec got his back up about something. "I'll be right back."

By the time he got back, a little color had returned to Alec's face. He straightened, as the hostess leaned past him to answer the phone. But the burst of strength didn't last long; he leaned on James to get down the stairs, and didn't pull away when he reached the bottom.

When Alec was settled in the car, James risked leaning in for a quick kiss. "We'll figure something out," he said. "I promise."

Alec looked up at him, and for a moment, James saw the pain in his eyes.

"Hey." James put a hand on Alec's shoulder. "I love you. Don't ever doubt that."

Alec covered James's hand with his own, held it there for a moment before letting it drop. James was about to close the door, when Alec said "I do to, you know."

"Do what?"

"Love you." Alec let out a long breath, as if he'd been holding it. "We'll talk. Tonight." He pointed with his chin, and out of the corner of his eye, James saw a family heading toward the pub. "When we've got less of an audience."

"Of course." James shut the door and walked to his side of the car, feeling optimistic for the first time in weeks. As he pulled out of the parking lot, Alec tilted his head back and closed his eyes -- but his hand settled on James's thigh, and stayed there for the rest of the 45-minute drive home.

Finally, they were home. While Alec waited, James dragged the concealing weave of branches over the top of the car.

He was just turning to help Alec, when he some movement out of the corner of his eye. He turned, and saw a man in camouflage gear watching him.