Story: Overheard - F/M

"Anyway, that's how it is with us," Stacy said as she sipped the last 
of her coffee.  Colleen had listened intently to Stacy's telling of 
how she regularly administers discipline to her boyfriend during their 
roller-coaster-like relationship.  "He always comes back to me, and 
every time he does after breaking up, I give him a good thrashing 
before I'll start seeing him again.  And after that, I have to 
regularly discipline him to keep him in line."

Colleen, a quiet, reserved woman of 31, and Stacy, a 33-year old 
blonde with a slender build and an in-charge demeanor, had been 
friends for several years, from the time they both worked for the same 
company.  They had since changed jobs a couple of times and kept in 
touch, although Stacy had not until today shared with Colleen the fact 
that she disciplines her boyfriend.

"That's amazing, Stacy," Colleen replied with wide eyes on her 
innocent-looking face.  Stacy chuckled to herself inside at the way 
Colleen could look so innocent and yet be so mature for her age.  
"Maybe I'll get some pointers from you when I have an opportunity to 
do someting like that," Colleen continued.  "Right now, I'm not sure I 
could follow through."

"Any time you want some information or help, you call on me, do you 
hear?" Stacy admonished.  "And don't be shy.  I mean it when I say 
I'll be there for you."

Colleen smiled wistfully and nodded as she reached over and squeezed 
Stacy's hand.  "What time should I be there tomorrow?" she asked.

"Around six, and we'll eat at six-thirty."  

Stacy had invited Colleen to join her and her boyfriend for dinner the 
following evening, which was a Friday.  They took care of their lunch 
tab and went back to their respective jobs.

Colleen showed up at Stacy's promptly at six with a bottle of chianti. 
 During the meal Colleen noticed that, although Stacy's boyfriend 
could be a real jerk at times, Stacy had a happy glow about her much 
of the time.  Colleen thought to herself that if she were in a 
relationship with someone like him, she'd have to be the dominant one 
in order to keep from being walked on.

Stacy casually answered the phone when it rang after dinner.  Colleen 
overheard Stacy as she talked:

"Hello?  Oh hi, Elisa.  Just finishing up dinner.  Mm-hmmm.  No, 
that's okay...  No, tell me now...  Oh REALLY?   Hmmmmm.   Really?   
Are you sure it was...   Yeah, that's right...  That's not what I 
heard...  Damn!  How can you be sure of that...   Yes, I'll need to do 
something about that...  (sigh) Yeah...   No, that's okay...  All 
right...  Talk to you Monday.  'Bye."

After a couple more minutes of cleaning up, Stacy casually addressed 
her boyfriend, "I just had a conversation with Elisa.  I want you to 
go to the bedroom, fetch the paddle and the cane, get completely 
undressed, and wait for me."

He looked up at her, "What's -" 

"No argument!" Stacy snapped.  "NOW!  GO!"

Stacy stood firmly, her hands on her hips, with a stern expression on 
her face, until he had gone in to the bedroom and closed the door.  
She went over to Collen, gently put her hands on Colleen's shoulders, 
and said, "I have to punish him now.  It shouldn't take more than 
fifteen or twenty minutes.  I'd really like for you to stay here, and 
not leave.  We can continue the evening afterward."

Colleen nodded agreement, her mouth immediately going dry.

Stacy disappeared into the bedroom and closed the door just enough so 
that no one could see directly in.  She left the door open a few 
inches.

Colleen excitedly listened to the sounds coming from the other room.  
This is what she overheard:

"Hand me that paddle."
(mumbling)
"I said: hand... me... the... paddle!"
"Okay now... Get over that chair."
(shuffling sounds)

Then the paddling started.  The sound of the paddle on bare skin was 
very distinct, which made Collen suspect that the strokes were being 
applied very hard.
   
(Several strokes later)

"Aaaahhhh!"

(More strokes)   
"Aaaaahhhhh!"

(The paddling continued)   
"Owwww! STACY!"
(One hard stroke)
"No, get back in position!"  (pause)

(The paddling resumed)   
"Aaaaahh!"

"Oh God, Stacy!"

"Aaaah! Stacy, I can't -"

"You just stay there and hold on very tight!  If you stand up again, 
I'll add strokes with the cane."

"Owwwwwwww!"

"Aaaaugh!"

"Stacy!  Please!"

As the paddling continued Colleen became aware of dampness between her 
legs, and shifted her position several times.  The paddling continued 
for a few moments, the sounds of the strokes interspersed with 
increasingly ardent protests and pleading from Stacy's boyfriend.  The 
paddling then stopped, and there was some hushed whispering coming 
from the bedroom.  The whispered conversation continued for a couple 
of minutes.  Stacy's boyfriend's voice then came through.

"No, Stacy, please!"

"Hand me the cane, NOW!"

(pause)

"Back into position!  And don't interfere or get out of position or 
I'll give you extra!"

Colleen heard the whippy cane making steady and repeated contact with 
bared skin.  In the bedroom, Stacy administered the caning with an 
even cadence, one stroke every few seconds, interspersed with 
admonishments to her boyfriend to stay in position.  Outside the 
bedroom, Colleen visualized the cane striating the bared bottom of 
Stacy's boyfriend, her mental imagery accentuated by his cries of 
pain.

As the severe whipping mercilessly continued, Colleen's trembling hand 
quickly made its way under her dress and inside her panties.  A brief 
moment later Colleen closed her eyes tightly and she climaxed.  
Suddenly the pace of the caning quickened considerably, with a 
corresponding urgent and strident quality of the recipient's reaction.

To Colleen's amazement the caning continued, and her hand again 
quickly slipped inside her panties and stimulated herself to another 
orgasm.

Then Colleen overheard Stacy tell her boyfriend, "I'm going to go back 
and talk to Colleen.  I'll give you ten minutes to get yourself 
composed and to come out and join us!"

Colleen smiled to herself.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this 
disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
