My legal name is Kyle Pan.
I'm just going by Pan right now, like the myth, like the dragonball and disney character.
My last name is Pan because I'm Chinese.
Not nationally Chinese I've never ever been there but Vancouver Chinese, 4th generation Chinese.
Now as long as I've lived my life that's kinda been okay.
There's a lot of stuff that goes with it.
Like stereotypes and all of that stuff and some like racist garbage too but for me the biggest thing has always been dating.
See I'm pretty decent looking I always thought though girls...non Asian girls called me cute.
And that's the thing right, the biggest thing that has always bothered me.
I'm dateable, I've dated a lot of girls and unless their Asian girls I'm not long term date material.
And that even goes for a lot of asian girls.
They will go out with me and have fun and we have sex even sometimes but every girl that I've ever been with either ends it or she "trades up."
And none of that stopped me from falling in a super crush with Roxanne Hardy.
I met her in my first year here in college and we took some of the same classes. I'm taking engineering because it will land jobs.
And all of that stuff has a math requirement so that's how we met.
Roxanne stunned me when I first seen her.
Tall, taller than me at like five ten and she was blonde and blue eyes and she was curvy and she was stacked. Like huge awesome tits and in good shape kind of tits too like she worked out or was an athlete.
She knew she was smoking hot too but somehow she didn't come across like too much of a bitch about it.
Which actually made it easier to talk to her.
Well I mean she did start our conversation first when we met.
I fell down some stairs in class looking at her breathe.
She helped me up and even apologized in a laughing way.
Yeah she knew.
And she wouldn't hide how hot she was either.
One of those kind of deal with it women.
And even though we were casual friends it never went past that even if I did end up helping here with whatever the hell she asked for whenever she asked for it.
And it was worth it too.
Guys and men gave her stuff and she shared the wealth.
She even gave me Canucks tickets some guy she'd been sleeping with gave her so she gifted them to me on my birthday.
Honestly there are worst friends even if she gave me blue balls.
So when Roxanne invited me to come to a party at her swank house I said sure.
I knew that I wasn't going to be the only person there. Hell her folks throwing it had a band and an open bar.
I dressed up as nice as I could and when I got there.
It was a costume party.
I was going to leave when Roxanne stopped me. "Stay Pan."
"I don't have a costume Roxx and it's like nine anything like high end like this is closed."
"Well not everything."
"Huh?"
"There's some stuff that I have that will help and some of the other girls have stuff."
"You...you mean drag right?"
"Yeah it'll be a blast you can do the whole freak people out voice reveal thing."
"Seriously?"
"C'mon Pan, don't go." And then she did that arms together pleading thing that girls do that pushes their tits together perfectly.
Yeah I had zero willpower when it came to Roxanne.
"Okay, okay but we better start drinking now as we're doing this."
"And a joint!" She crowed and hauled me upstairs.
It took little to actually dress me up like a girl.
I've kinda have that sort of androgynous Chinese face some of us have and pretty much no facial hair and that gets taken care off really easy with a shave.
And my body hair well that was Veet?
Then it was lotioning up to smell right and then those fake gel titties that girls us to boost themselves and a push up bra that Roxanne used to have when she was younger.
The oddest most fucked up thing was taping my dick down and out of the way.
That and panties and the bra...they felt totally strange and off and sort of alien.
The weirdest thing was the fake lashes and gluing them on.
Press on nails I oddly liked since the whole claws thing and I kinda dug the whole glossy gel coats.
And Roxx had this chinese mudsilk dress she had gotten when she was younger and on a trip to Hong Kong with her folks.
I didn't really know what Mudsilk was only that it was really fancy looking.
Plus we were smoking up and doing shots with her and her friends through the whole thing.
I even fit Roxx's shoes.
Pumps are a trip. Four inch heels made me feel pretty good and I can walk in them just fine.
How?
It's a little heel and half a shoe...it's literally no harder than walking on hockey skates.
And while I was a guy I wasn't a deep pitched voiced one. Heck I was sort of just a medium I think in pitch but again that whole Asian thing which just meant that I could like hit higher notes and stuff than a white guy.
Add in the fake Chinese accent and I was set.
And it was kinda fun too.
Dancing with the girls.
And messing with some of the guys.
Catfishing I think they call it.
Dancing, drinking, flirting nd even sitting on the laps of a few guys while teasing and flirting the into popping boners then freaking them out when I reveal my real voice.
I could have gotten into fights if it wasn't for Roxx usually being there to calm shit down after it happened.
And then everything changed.
At first all I saw was this shape that my drunk brain said guy. And he was sitting down in one of the easy chairs so I headed over with my drink and slipped or rather slid onto his lap.
"Hey you, you looking to like party?"
I looked at him as I took a drink of my drink and was stunned.
He was like the Anti-Roxanne.
Or like the guys version of her or something.
Long blonde hair with all this sort of metal band like wavy in it and it looked thick too. Blue eyes that were intense and sucking me in and big, big like well over six foot if he stood and muscled, like really muscled and broad too like probably two fifty.
He was good looking too like male model or movie star kind of good looking as well.
The only thing that threw it off or maybe made it perfect was that he had a couple days of scruffy beard going on.
"Well I wasn't but maybe that changed?"
"I'm Pan."
"I'm Jax."
"Jax?"
"That's weird."
"It's Australian."
"You don't have an accent."
"Neither do you."
"I'm Chinese Canadian."
"I'm Aussie Canadian."
"For real?"
"Yeah my folks are from here and I grew up here I was just born there."
"Oh, cool so like have you ever been?"
"Four or five times. It's a continent so there's lots to see."
"Wow so you travel?"
"Yeah for work after I got out of the armed forces."
"Thank you for your service."
I finished my drink and Jax offered me his and I took it and it was straight whisky and pretty powerful stuff and tasted like...I think it was scotch.
And he tipped the glass's bottom up a little more to make me drink a little more and when I lowered the glass and cough he kissed me.
I was going to spring this on him and stuff after the drink but he kissed me and it shocked me.
And I was double shocked as his hand went up the dress and inside my panties and his finger sank into my ass.
He kissed me harder and started fucking finger fucking me!
My brain was trying to respond and react and maybe freak out when Jax`s finger touched something inside me and this really pleasurable feeling popped through me from inside my ass?
I groan grunted trying hard to keep my voice low. `Hhh..ghnnn...
And he did it to me again.
And again.
Fuck, fuck, fuck...oh fuck... "Hhh...ghnnn..."
Jax pulled from the kiss. "Shssh...c'mon babe just keep it quiet, let it happen, I'll take you there."
His finger rubbed me inside there and fucked me faster and the feelings got better, stronger, longer and I felt like I was going to cum.
And them I did.
Only my dick was taped down good so it wasn't like that it was deeper inside like I nutted but inside of myself.
And it was so strong.
I was flushed, I felt flushed and I was so blasted by it I almost drooled on Jax.
He kissed me. "Finish my drink and come on."
I downed the rest of the scotch because I needed it and he was up off the chair and pulling me with him upstairs to Roxanne's bedroom and once inside he locked the door and was kissing me.
I kissed back and was stumbling both physically and mentally and I had no brakes to stop what was going on.
I knew, part of me knew what was going on.
So when he spun me around and pushed me to the bed I bit my lip and fisted the sheets as he pulled the panties I was wearing down.
There was the sound of something unwrapping and then there was something cool and slick on my butthole, then Jax's finger went in and it went in easier but still it was his finger in my ass doing that again.
"Ughnnn...oh...oh...fuck..."
He found that place and he fingered and rubbed me inside until it took me over the edge and it felt like I nutted inside of myself again.
"Jax! Jax, Jax, Jax!"
Then his finger pulled out and he grabbed my hips and shoved his cock inside me.
All the way in.
I screamed into the bedding.
You ever get buttfucked?
It pushes inside of you and it stretches you out in this entirely impossible way.
And cock, cock is bigger than a fucking finger.
Jax's cock was big, really big like a fucking beer bottle and eight inches long and I felt it sinking in, invading me, opening me up so fucking huge and wide.
Think about trying to wrap your hands around a beer bottle, like all the way around it and really understand that size, that girth and now have that not taper at all and go in two inches deeper than that bottle is long.
That invaded me, threw me into shock as my mind and body was freaking the fuck out.
And then he started fucking me.
That size, that mass, that absence as he pulled back only to push back inside filling me and shocking me all over again and he fucked me hard for a good solid few minutes before he found that place.
I cried out in pleasure because holy fuck that wasn't his finger!
And he started focussing right there in that spot fucking me hard and fast and over and over until I came inside again and again and I was drooling, seeing stars, panting so hard that I was close to hyperventilating and then the cum pleasure seemed to stretch out into these longer stretches of pure pleasure like I was cumming inside for like whole full minutes.
Then he sank all the way in with the full length strokes.
I cried out in sheer pleasure because part of my deep down needed to get filled up the rest of the way and he'd fuck me like that for a few minutes before going back to fucking me in the good place until I was cumming inside again.
Ten minutes in I was in heaven, so deep into cumming, so deeply in need, sheathed in sweat.
And my dick was still taped down so none of this was me getting laid like I ever had before.
Twenty minutes maybe before he fucked me like a savage and my body screaming yes for as hard as he could fuck me and all his power and strength and weight pounded into me in this endless loop of pleasure before I heard him cumming.
Then it was over with Jax's weight on top of me resting and breathing as I shivered, shook, tears flowing out in shock and emotion.
"You want to get out of here Pan and come over to my place Pan? I want to fuck you all night long."
I could barely think straight but I nodded.