The Voyeur Gets Caught
by Georgepat ©

I had waited all week for this evening. If I was lucky I might be able to 
see Sarah nude. Sarah is my neighbor and is a real fox! With her blonde 
hair and killer body, man, like I said, a real foxy chick. She usually 
goes out with the girls on Thursday evenings, comes home around 10:30 and 
is normally a little bit tipsy. Her bedroom window is at ground level 
towards the rear of the house. There are bushes planted around the 
perimeter to give me the necessary cover I will need to spy on her. As it 
is warm, I'm wearing dark shorts and a dark t-shirt. I also have a digital 
video camera that I'm going to try to use too. It would be great to look 
at it later on my computer and jack off remembering what I might see. 

My name is Pat and it's my eighteenth birthday today. My parents are out 
of town right now but will return to take me out for my birthday dinner. 
We have a summer place at the lake and they wanted me to go with them but 
I chose to stay here because I had several people's yards to mow for a 
little spending money. 

As it approached nine-thirty, I gathered all my stuff, went out our 
backdoor heading towards her house. In a few minutes I was there. A light 
was on in the front room but as I moved around towards the rear of her 
home I saw that her bedroom was dark. I snuck in between the shrubs and 
set my tripod up, mounted the camera and covered the red record light with 
a piece of dark tape so it wouldn't be seen. I checked to see that my 
remote switch worked and it did. Ok, I was almost ready. I looked at her 
window and, as usual, there was about a two inch gap at the bottom where 
her curtain didn't quite reach the sill and that was where my camera was 
aimed. I turned on the night vision thing and checked to see where my 
camera was focused. Good! Right towards the bed. I switched back to 
regular mode and turned off the cam. I was now ready for whatever might 
happen. 

As I had a little time to kill, I lit a cigarette I had swiped from my dad 
and thought ahead to what I might get to see tonight. I was hoping it 
would be good. I had spied on several of the other neighbors but they were 
mostly my mom's age and sort of fleshy. But seeing pussy is seeing pussy 
and I was content. 

I heard a car come up the road and turn into the driveway. A few minutes 
later I heard the car door open and then, to my horror, heard another door 
open too. "Shit, I thought, "she has someone with her tonight." Fuck! I 
was just about ready to abandon my plan when I heard two women chatting 
and giggling. I heard one of them say that she didn't mind driving Sarah 
home because she was sort of fucked up and she shouldn't be driving. 

"Yeah," said Sarah, "and you're not?" 

"Well, not as bad as you." 

They both laughed and I heard the front door open, then close. I thought 
perhaps that the other woman would leave in a few minutes, but as a little 
time passed and she didn't come out of the house, I carefully walked 
towards the side window and peeked in. They were sitting at a table with a 
couple of beers in front of them just talking and giggling the way women 
do sometimes. They were talking about some guy that had been at the bar 
tonight and that they would have liked it if he had come home with them. 
They would have shown him a thing or two, they said. 

They finished the beer and her friend stood up to leave but Sarah told her 
that she might need help getting to bed because she was really messed up 
now. Her friend, Mary, as I had overheard her name to be, said she'd help 
get her to bed if she wanted. She helped Sarah get up and then put her arm 
around Sarah's waist and helped her walk towards the bedroom. I quietly 
hurried back to my secret spot and had just turned the cam on when the 
bedroom light came on. I stood and looked through the window from about a 
foot away. I knew that I couldn't be seen from inside the lighted room and 
the bushes gave me enough cover so I was basically invisible to anyone 
that might look in this direction. 

I saw Sarah undo her skirt and let it drop to the floor. She stepped out 
of it leaving it where it was. She was fumbling with the buttons on her 
blouse so Mary asked if she wanted help with those. 

"Yeah, I guess I do," Sarah replied. 

From my vantage point I could see Mary start to unbutton Sarah's blouse, 
then slide it off her shoulders and toss it to a nearby chair. Sarah was 
standing there in just her bra and knickers. My cock took notice of this 
immediately and started to tingle. Sarah kept trying to reach behind her 
back to unhook her bra but wasn't having much luck with that either. Mary 
stood in front of her and reached her arms around Sarah and undid it with, 
of course, no problem. As her bra slid off, I could hear Mary's intake of 
breath. 

"God, Sarah," she said, "you have great looking tits." 

"You think so?" Sarah replied. She then took her hands and playfully 
cupped her breasts and said, "34C." 

Mary was staring hard at Sarah's tits and said, "I wish mine were shaped 
that nice." 

"But you have nice ones too, Mary," Sarah told her. 

"No I don't," Mary replied, "that's just my bra. I have smaller pointed 
ones. Some of the guys I've dated said that they were puffy and it kind of 
turned them off." 

"Puffy?" Sarah asked. "What do you mean?" 

Mary said, "You know when you first start developing breasts, how they 
just look like bumps on a log?" Sarah nodded her head and Mary continued. 
"Well, mine never got much past that stage. Just a little bigger but not 
nice and full like yours." 

Sarah hiccupped and said, "Let me see them, Mary, I've never seen ones 
like those." 

"Well, ok," Mary shrugged, "but don't laugh." 

"I would never laugh at you, Mary, you're my best friend," Sarah told her. 


Mary turned away from Sarah and was standing facing me at the window. I 
saw her as she lifted her t-shirt over her head and then took off her bra. 
She turned slowly toward Sarah again and Sarah said, "Mary, there's 
nothing wrong with those. I might be a little bit buzzed but I think they 
look... well, they look sexy. Your nipples are so big; they almost cover 
the entire top of your tit. I bet they are real sensitive, aren't they?" 
Sarah asked. 

"Shit," Mary said, "no guy has touched them except for a second or two and 
I didn't feel a thing from that. I told you that they thought they were 
ugly." 

Sarah said that she had to sit down, and sat on the end of the bed. Mary 
was right in front of her and her tits were right in front of Sarah's 
face. 

I couldn't believe what happened next. I was going to get a lot more than 
I had planned on my cam tonight. 

Part 2 

As Sarah sat there with Mary's tits just a few inches away from her face, 
I saw a look come into Mary's eyes and, without warning, she leaned 
towards Sarah and her breast brushed her lips. Sarah put her arms around 
Mary's waist and pressed her face into Mary's tit. Her mouth opened and 
she flicked her tongue out and started slowly to circle Mary's puffy 
nipple. Mary put her head back and moaned out loud. 

I couldn't believe what was happening right in front of me. My plans of 
seeing Sarah nude had now turned into something completely different. I 
looked to see that my cam was still running and I sure hoped that I had 
enough tape to get everything that might happen. I drew closer to the 
window and looked back inside. 

Mary's arms were around Sarah's back and she was leaning down and kissing 
the top of Sarah's head, then she drifted down and kissed her cheek. Sarah 
turned her head slightly and they met in a kiss. Sarah broke the kiss and 
asked Mary if she could remove her jeans as the rough material was causing 
discomfort. Mary stood up and removed her belt and unbuttoned her pants 
and slipped them down her legs. Sarah then started to give Mary little 
kisses down from her tits towards her flat belly. Sarah hooked her thumbs 
into the waistband of Mary's knickers and pulled them down also. Mary's 
cunt was as smooth as a baby's ass. Not a hair to be seen. Sarah told her 
that she also kept her pussy shaved because she liked the feel of it when 
she played with it at night. 

"Oh, Sarah," Mary said, "I feel so horny and hot right now and I've never 
been with another woman before, but this just seems so right with you 
tonight. Can you show me how you do it to yourself?" Mary asked. 

"Oh, Mary, we're going to have some fun now," Sarah breathed. "Lay down 
here on the bed and I'll lie beside you." 

Sarah stood and removed her knickers, then slid her hand between her legs 
and rubbed her pussy for a few moments. 

From my spot outside the window, when they reclined on the bed, I could 
see right into their open legs! "This is fuckin' great!" I said to myself. 
I watched as Sarah told Mary to open her legs wider and to watch what she 
did and then do the same thing to herself. 

Sarah opened her legs until her knees were almost touching the bed and 
started to rub her fingers up and down her slit. Her nipples began to 
stiffen as I watched her touch herself. Mary followed suit and soon they 
were both rubbing away at their pussies. I could hear them moaning and 
groaning and my cock was hard as a rock and getting very uncomfortable so 
I pulled my shorts down and took my cock out and slowly started to jack 
myself off as I watched those two lovely ladies. Sarah looked at Mary's 
hands moving in her pussy and asked if she could to that for her. 

Mary replied, "Oh yes, Sarah, please do it for me." 

Sarah removed her hand from her own pussy and leaned over and got on her 
side facing Mary's open legs. She slowly started to kiss Mary's thighs and 
under her knees. Mary squirmed around and was breathing faster as Sarah 
touched her pussy with her tongue. Sarah licked Mary's cunt slit forwards 
and backwards, then found Mary's clit and sucked it into her mouth. Mary 
shouted out that she was on fire and wanted to cum. Sarah then put two 
fingers into her pussy and started to fuck her with her hand. Mary's ass 
was lifting off the bed as Sarah kept up with her pussy eating and 
finger-fucking. 

Mary was going wild and told Sarah, "Put more fingers in my cunt." Her ass 
lifted off the bed again and Mary shouted for Sarah to "Cram my cunt 
full." 

Sarah looked up at Mary's face and then took her hand and wiped it between 
her own legs and scooped up some of her pussy's freely flowing cunt juice 
and lubricated her hand, then returned it to Mary's cunt and started to 
push her whole hand into Mary's quivering hole. 

"OH GOD," Mary cried. "OH GOD, Sarah, it feels so goooood. More," Mary 
begged, "more." 

Sarah pushed her entire hand, all the way to the wrist, into Mary's 
sopping wet pussy. Mary screamed once again and told Sarah she was cumming 
and not to stop licking and sucking her cunt. Mary's back arched off the 
bed and she started to shake all over as Sarah kept pumping her fist in 
and out of Mary's cunt. Finally, Mary collapsed back onto the bed and 
pulled her pointed tits very hard and then shouted to Sarah to remove her 
hand now. Sarah did and just then Mary's cunt gushed her cum out with such 
force that it splashed onto Sarah's face. Sarah licked Mary's pussy juice 
and cum off her face and then used her hand to wipe the rest of it all up 
and licked it off her hand. After several minutes Sarah asked Mary if she 
enjoyed that. Mary told her that she sure did as it was the best cum she 
had ever had. 

Sarah looked at her and smiled. "Good, because now it's my turn to have 
you make me cum like you did." 

I was stroking my cock as I watched Sarah fisting Mary's pussy and I 
couldn't hold back any longer. My cum boiled out of my cock and splattered 
against the side of Sarah's house. Being young, I guess, just because I 
had just cum did not make my cock shrink. In fact, it was as hard now as 
it was before I had shot my wad. I checked my cam and saw that I was 
almost out of tape. Fuck, I thought, I need to get more tape. I don't want 
to miss Sarah getting hers. I turned to make my way quickly back to my 
house and grab another tape. As I went between the bushes one of the damn 
branches flipped back towards the house and lightly smacked the window. I 
didn't think it was loud enough for them to have heard so I didn't worry 
about it. 

Part 3 

I went to my house and grabbed another tape, slipped out the back door 
again and made my way back to Sarah's house. When I had once again slipped 
back to my hiding place I looked in the window and noticed that Mary was 
lying on the bed by herself. After a few short moments Sarah returned to 
the bedroom and sat down next to Mary. Her back was facing me now and she 
was speaking too softly for me to hear what was being said. I did see Mary 
quickly glance over towards the window then back to Sarah. Mary nodded her 
head and smiled at Sarah. Sarah told Mary that she was going to get 
something that they could use for the next part of their sexual adventure 
and left the room. 

As I kept watching, I saw Mary begin to rub her puffy tits and pull on 
them gently. She spread her legs wide and I was once again seeing her 
pussy in all its glory. As it had been most of this evening, my cock was 
hard again and I took it out as I watched Mary play with herself. I was 
just starting to jack it off again when, much to my horror, a bright light 
suddenly shone into my face. I dropped my cock and figured that the cops 
had arrived and I was busted. 

I heard someone say, "What the fuck do you think you're doing out here 
hiding in the bushes?" I didn't know what to say so I just started 
stammering and gesturing wildly. I heard a laugh and the light lowered and 
shone on my shrinking cock. "Now that's a waste of a perfectly good 
hard-on." She turned the light slightly towards her face and I recognized 
Sarah standing there. She had thrown a robe over her nakedness but it was 
not tied closed and for a brief instant I could see her shaved slit. 
"Well," she said, "I'm waiting for an answer." 

I opened my mouth to speak and all of a sudden words seemed to spew forth. 
I was talking a mile a minute. Telling her that I thought she was the most 
beautiful girl I had ever seen. That I had planned this evening for a long 
while, just so I could see her naked. I think I even told her that I was 
in love with her. I was talking and talking and talking. She put her hand 
up and told me to move. She walked over to the window and looked in. She, 
of course, saw Mary. Her light struck the side of her house and she 
noticed my cock juice still there. She reached her hand out and touched it 
with her finger, then brought it to her nose and inhaled deeply. As I 
watched in amazement she put her finger in her mouth and sucked my cum off 
her finger. 

"Follow me," she ordered. 

I stuffed my dick back in my shorts and started after her knowing that I 
was in deep shit now. Phone calls to the police and my parents were soon 
to follow. I just knew it. 

As we entered her house, and instead of her picking up the phone, she 
looked at me and said, "I know you. You live in the house just down the 
street, don't you? I think I've heard that your name is Pat. Is that 
right?" 

"Yes Ma'am," I managed to squeak out. She looked at me and leaned closer 
and asked if I had enjoyed what I had seen through the bedroom window. I 
nodded my head and said, "Yes, I did." 

"Do you think it's going to be worth it after you're punished?" Sarah 
asked me. I just shrugged my shoulders and looked at her stupidly. My life 
was now in her hands, and she knew it! "How old are you, Pat?" she 
questioned. 

I told her that today was my eighteenth birthday. She stepped back and 
called out to Mary to join her. Mary was there quickly with her face still 
flushed from her recent arousal and still totally nude. I couldn't keep my 
eyes off her tits and, try as I might, I was unable to keep my cock from 
stirring. 

"So, this is the perv that was spying on us," she said to Sarah. "What are 
we going to do about it?" 

Sarah laughed slightly and said to Mary, "I know exactly what we're going 
to do about it." 

Part 4 

Sarah walked to the phone, picked up the receiver, looked hard at me, then 
set it down. "Take all your clothes off right now!" Sarah ordered. 

I looked between the two women and asked, "You're kidding, right?" 

Sarah walked over to me, grabbed my t-shirt at the collar and ripped it 
off my body. "Does this look like we're kidding?" she said. 

I could see a gleam in her eyes as she did this and I knew I was really 
going to be in for it. Mary came closer and pushed me against the wall, 
then took hold of my shorts and pulled them down to my ankles. I stepped 
out of them and stood there, waiting to see what would happen next. Mary 
grabbed my cock and started to lead me down the hallway towards the 
bedroom. As soon as her hand touched me, I started to become hard despite 
my predicament, and I had no choice but to follow. Sarah brought up the 
rear and we soon entered Sarah's room. 

Sarah took off her robe and stood before me. She was even more beautiful 
from this close distance and her tits were standing proud, the nipples 
hardening. She walked around checking me out carefully. I was standing 
with the back of my legs against her bed when they both pushed me 
backwards. I fell on the bed and lay there. 

"Jack off for us," Sarah ordered me. 

"Jack off that young cock you have there," Mary told me. 

"We want to see just how much a man you are in here, not outside peeking 
at us," Sarah exclaimed. 

As I had no choice in the matter I took hold of my cock and started to run 
my hand up and down the length of it, pulling my foreskin as far up as it 
would go then down again. I was going slowly and, to be honest, it was 
feeling very good. I looked at both of them as I stroked myself and could 
feel my cock growing even larger. Both women were staring at me with pure 
lust in their eyes. Sarah was starting to rub her nipples and Mary moved 
behind her, slipping her hand across Sarah's smooth belly, down towards 
her cunt. I saw Mary's hand slip between Sarah's legs and her fingers were 
sliding up and down Sarah's slit. 

Sarah leaned her head back against Mary and sighed, "That feel so good, 
Mary, but let's not waste time doing each other while we have our little 
perv here to do it for us." 

Mary agreed and they both walked to either side of me and lay down beside 
me. I was still jacking myself when Sarah told me to stop. I let go of my 
cock but it remained standing at attention, quivering with each of my 
heartbeats. 

Sarah moved closer to my head and asked me, "Do you want to see my pussy, 
Pat? Do you want to see my cunt up close?" I nodded my head but Sarah 
said, "Tell me what you want to see, Pat." 

"I want to see your cunt, Sarah. I want to look right into your pussy." 

With that, Sarah threw her leg across my body and arranged herself till 
her wonderful shaved pussy was directly over my face. She reached down and 
pulled her cunt lips apart and then sat down hard on my face. Her pussy 
was wet and smelled wonderful. Until this time I had only seen a pussy 
from a distance or in a magazine someone snuck into gym class. Now, I had 
my dream woman's pussy right over me and I wanted to do everything I could 
for her. Her juices were nectar to me as they dripped down onto my face. 

She started to grind her cunt against my face; and my tongue, somehow, 
just knew what to do. I started to lick her pussy with as much fervor that 
an eighteen year old boy could muster. I licked her cunt up and down her 
slit. I felt hardness towards the top of her pussy and when I touched this 
with my tongue Sarah moaned out load and pushed her pussy harder against 
my face. 

"Eat me, Pat. Lick my cunt till I cum in your face," Sarah cried out. Her 
juices were starting to flow and I was trying to lick up every drop. She 
moved her hips up and down my face till she started to shudder. "I'm going 
to cum, right now," she moaned. She jerked against my face twice more; I 
then felt her pussy spasm and my mouth was flooded with her woman juice. 
"Suck it, Pat," she said. "Suck all that cum out of my cunt." 


I swallowed all of her juices as fast as I could and wished there was 
more. She fell forward and removed her pussy from my face. I looked over 
and saw Mary finger-fucking herself as she watched what had occurred. Her 
face was flushed and her tits were so swollen, it appeared they might 
explode. Without being told, I put my hand over one of her breasts and 
tugged the nipple. That was all it took. Mary, her fingers flying in and 
out of her cunt, opened her legs as wide as she could and started to cum. 
I pinched her nipple harder and she moaned and I could see that her pussy 
had released its load of woman cum too. Her cunt was sopping wet and the 
bed covers under her ass were even wetter. The smell of raw sex was in the 
air. I reached down to my raging hard-on and started to jack off. I wanted 
to shoot my load of hot cum too, but it was not to happen just yet. 

Part 5 

"Let go of that cock," shouted Sarah. "I'll tell you when you can cum." 
She smacked my hand off my cock and said again, "Don't look for relief any 
time soon. You will do exactly as I say, when I say it," Sarah stated. "Do 
you understand that, you fucking perv? You Peeping Tom." 

I lay there completely lost. I thought I was doing well. I thought I was 
being a man to these two women. I thought I was being... Something, Shit, 
I guess it doesn't matter now, because, I was so fucking wrong. 

Sarah slapped my face to get my attention. Damn, she got it too. My eyes 
watered and then were riveted to hers, watching, waiting for a signal from 
her. Mary was writhing on the bed next to us, naked and waiting. I didn't 
know what to do next, I didn't know what was allowed, and all I wanted to 
do was CUM. 

"Mary," Sarah said, "how about you get a pair of stockings from my 
underwear drawer, please." 

Mary got up, walked to the dresser and opened a drawer. "Damn, Sarah, what 
all do you have hidden in here?" When Mary turned around she had a 12 inch 
vibrator in her hand. "God," Mary exclaimed, "this looks like something 
I'd sure like to try." 

"We will, Mary," replied Sarah, "very soon." 

Mary rummaged around in the drawer and finally found what she was looking 
for. "Will these do?" Mary asked. 

Sarah said that they would do just fine for what she had in mind. Mary 
walked back to the bed and Sarah told her to grab one of my hands and to 
tie it to the headboard. Sarah asked for the other stocking and did the 
same to my other hand. Now I was naked and tied to a bed. I had a raging 
erection with two beautiful women looking at it and I needed to cum soon. 

"Mary," Sarah said, "why don't you sit on Pat's face and make him eat your 
pussy for you." 

"Oh, that sounds good," Mary replied. 

Sarah then said, "I want you to face me though, because I want to see you 
when you cum." 

Mary pulled the pillow from under my head and threw it to the floor, 
straddled my head and lowered her juicy cunt towards my face. "I want you 
to lick it first," Mary said. She stopped just above my lips and leaned 
forward, putting her arms out to support herself. I could feel her hot 
breath on my cock as she did this and I wished she would at least suck it 
or something. But she didn't. "Get to it," Mary told me. "Lick my pussy 
from top to bottom till I cum." 

I started to do just that for her. As I was working on her cunt lips, 
Sarah straddled my hips and forced my cock against my belly. Then she 
lowered herself until her slit was on top of my very uncomfortable cock. I 
could feel her wetness surround my cock but I was not inside her. She was 
going to use it for her own devices, not mine. She leaned towards Mary and 
began to kiss and suckle Mary's tits and rubbed her sides with soft gentle 
strokes, making Mary moan with delight. I was busy licking and sucking 
Mary's pussy; her juices were really flowing now and I could barely keep 
up with what was running from her box. Sarah put her hand down to Mary's 
snatch and quickly found her clit, which she began to rub in tight little 
circles. This caused Mary's ass to start grinding against my face as she 
rocked back and forth enjoying Sarah's touch. 

"Oh Sarah," she moaned, "this feels goooood. Pull on my clitty and pinch 
it too," Mary begged. Sarah did as she asked and Mary went wild. "Oh Yes, 
Yes, Yes, Sarah. Oh God, Don't stop." 

Sarah's free hand pulled Mary's face to her and kissed her deeply, putting 
her tongue in Mary's mouth as far as she could. Mary responded to the kiss 
by raising herself off my face a little and leaned towards Sarah. As Sarah 
leaned towards Mary she shifted just a little and my cock head slid 
towards Sarah's wet opening. They were now both embracing above me, I 
could see that they were mashing their breasts together. 

Mary shouted, "I'm going to cum now, Sarah. I'm going to cum hard right 
NOW." 

"Cum for me, Mary," Sarah ordered. "Cum all over Pat's face now." 

Mary started to shake and I swear I could see her cunt hole open wider, 
and more of her woman's cum sloshed out onto my face and waiting mouth. 
God, her juice tasted so good. As Sarah broke the embrace, she eased back 
down on my hips, except this time my cock slid right into her hungry cunt. 
I hunched my hips and buried my cock into Sarah's hot, wet pussy all the 
way to the hilt. Sarah's eyes closed and she shuddered, then leaned 
towards my face and started to lick all of Mary's leftover juices off my 
face. I felt her pussy slide up my cock so I arched my hips again and 
socked it into her. I heard her moan deep in her throat and she shuddered 
once again. She sat back up while Mary slid off my face and onto my 
stomach. 

Mary leaned over and took one of Sarah's breasts in her hand and started 
to flick her fingertip back and forth across her nipple causing Sarah to 
move her pussy up my cock again. Mary then took her tongue, licked around 
Sarah's other nipple, and Sarah slid back down on my cock. This was 
feeling almost too good to be true. I was about to have my long awaited 
cum very soon. Sarah sensed this and started to fuck me with abandon. 
Pulling her cunt off my cock until it almost came out of her hot hole, 
only to slam it back down until I felt her pubic bone grind against mine. 
I knew I was going to cum and cum big, but I didn't say a word about it 
because I was afraid that Sarah would stop me again. She must have known 
it though; she tightened her pussy hard around my cock, milking it for all 
she was worth, when I exploded deep inside her pussy. I must have shot 
five or six spurts of my boiling hot cum into her while she kept milking 
my cock with her cunt muscles before she leaned down and kissed me on the 
mouth. She swung her leg over my hips and lay beside me on the bed. Mary 
sat at Sarah's feet looking at us both. 

Mary said to us, "Pat, you sure did soak her pussy with all that cum of 
yours. She's a mess. In fact, you both could stand some cleaning up now." 

With that said she got between Sarah's legs and began to lick her pussy 
clean of my recent sperm deposit. Sarah smiled and wiggled her pussy in 
Mary's face, and then half turned towards me and took my cock in her hand, 
opened her mouth and started to lick my cock clean of our combined juices. 


Part 6 

Sarah and Mary untied my wrists from the bedposts and we all lay on the 
bed, basking in the afterglow of our sexy adventures. I was thinking how 
just an hour or two ago I was outside peeping and taping... Tapeing!! Holy 
Shit! Sarah never saw the video camera I had set up out there. It was 
still running, recording everything that had happened. Oh Man, I thought, 
this will be the tape that I'll keep forever. Even if I told someone about 
this, which I never would, they wouldn't believe me. But now, I had the 
proof! I had the tapes. Now how in the world was I going to be able to 
leave and recover my equipment before Sarah saw it in her bushes? I 
couldn't get up and say, "Thanks so much for all the pussy, but I have to 
go now." What was I going to do? 

That question was answered by Mary. She put her hand on my stomach and 
started to stroke her way down to my cock. "Sarah," whispered Mary, "is it 
true that young guys can cum and then get hard again quickly?" 

"I've heard that myself," said Sarah, "let's see if it's true or not." 

Sarah turned towards me and she also began to rub my body towards my once 
again hardening cock. Both girls reached it at the same time with Mary's 
hand going around my cock shaft and Sarah leaning down to watch. 

Mary slowly slid her hand lightly on my cock and, at each downward stroke, 
would tighten her fingers making my cock swell ever larger. Sarah couldn't 
watch this any longer so she started to flick her tongue against the tip 
of my cock when Mary's hand was out of the way. I was in heaven! My hands 
found both girls' tits and started to massage them, rubbing and pulling 
the nipples and then squeezing their breasts under my hand. 

We kept at this for a while longer, when Mary asked Sarah, "Can we use 
that big vibrator you have now?" 

Sarah reached over and picked it up and handed it to Mary. "Be my guest," 
she told her. 

Mary, using her other hand, turned the large vibrator on and placed it 
against her clit. I could hear the fake cock humming and knew it was going 
to drive her wild very soon. Sarah had her mouth over the head of my cock 
keeping up a steady sucking motion which, if she kept it up much longer, 
would have me cumming again. 

I mentioned that I'd sure love to fuck both of them at the same time. If 
they would get on their hands and knees with their asses facing me, I 
could alternate between them and fuck each one as I also used the big fake 
cock at the same time. They both agreed and soon I was blessed to see both 
of those great asses staring right at me. Their swollen, puffy and wet 
cunts were peeking out at me. 

I stood behind Mary and stuck the head of my cock against her pussy and 
slowly slid it in her. I took the vibrator and slid it around Sarah's 
pussy, being sure to hit her clit several times before letting it slide 
into her box. I fucked into Mary a dozen strokes or so, and then moved 
behind Sarah, pulling out the vibrator and pushing it into Mary's hungry 
pussy. I grabbed my cock and worked it against her soft, wet pussy lips 
then slammed into her. She pushed her ass back at me and matched me stroke 
for stroke. Sarah and Mary were engaged in some deep kissing as I fucked 
them both from behind. Their tongues playing tag in each other's mouth. I 
continued to alternately fuck one then the other until I could not hold my 
building orgasm any longer. 

"I'm going to cum," I shouted at them. 

"Wait," Sarah said. 

First she, then Mary, turned around towards me. Sarah grabbed my pulsing 
cock and held it in her hand, giving it a few strokes. Their faces were 
right in front of my ready to blow cock when I felt my balls tighten and I 
pushed my cock closer towards them as the first stream of my cum spattered 
against Mary's face just above her mouth. Sarah then aimed my cock towards 
her own face as the second, and by far the most powerful spurt, launched 
from me. It shot directly into her open mouth. The following spurts, 
though not as strong as the first two, continued to arc from my cock, 
covering their chins and then down to their tits. Sarah released her hold 
on my cock and both she and Mary fell back on the bed in exhaustion. They 
threw their arms around one another and rubbed my man juice into each 
other's skin. I stood there, completely spent. 

Sarah looked at me and said, "I think that we have all had enough fun for 
one night." 

I nodded my head and told them that if I lived to be a hundred years old I 
would never forget this night. I bent over and kissed them both goodnight, 
tasting my own cum on their lips. They smiled at me and returned to each 
other's arms. I gathered my clothes from the hallway and quickly dressed, 
then went out the back door. 

I ran around to where my camera was and retrieved all my stuff, then left 
Sarah's yard and walked to my house. My heartbeat had finally returned to 
normal when I entered my back door. I went to my room and set my equipment 
down, fell on the bed and closed my eyes. I wondered, just before I fell 
asleep, if this was the end or just the beginning of things to come. 




 
