                                    Lost Control
                                   By Lust 4 Life

Shauna has too much to drink and things get out of control. MF, preg

Intro

Shauna was thinking about leaving the bar and heading home when the man sat down 
next to her, waved the bar tender over, and asked, Can I buy you a drink? She had 
already had several drinks and was feeling a bit tipsy, but the man was good looking and 
she thought, one more before heading home might be nice. Sure, thank you she 
answered. She wasnt planning anything more than one more drink before heading home, 
but she did do a mental check, yes, she did have her diaphragm with her in her purse, 
just in case. She relaxed and enjoyed talking with the man over their drinks. She knew 
he was chatting her up, hoping to get lucky tonight, but she had things to do tomorrow 
morning, so it just wasnt going to happen. Still, he was good looking and fun to talk to. 
Before she knew it, her drink was empty and he was in the middle of a fascinating tale 
that she wanted to hear the end of, so when he offered her another drink, she accepted, 
even though she realized she really shouldnt.

By the end of this drink, Shauna had a pretty good buzz on and was giggling at some of 
the lewd stories he was telling about a friend of his. He offered another drink and she 
tried to decline, but he insisted, so she accepted, Just one more with a bit of a slur. She 
was really enjoying the mans company (did he say his name was Jason?), and when she 
finished, was sorry she had to leave. She was pretty unsteady on her feet when she got up 
to leave. Jason put his arm around her to steady her, sending shivers through her body at 
his strong touch and the feel of his hard body next to hers. As she headed for the exit, he 
told her he didnt think she was in any condition to drive and offered to give her a ride. 
Through her haze, she realized he was correct about her state of inebriation and gratefully 
accepted his offer. After helping her into the car, he pulled out and she managed to give 
him directions to her apartment.

When they arrived, Jason again helped her from the car and up to her door. His firm 
masculine grip again sent shivers through her body and she melted into him, letting him 
take control. At the door, she fumbled with the keys for a few minutes, but finally got the 
door open. She knew she should thank him, and say good-bye, but his body felt good 
next to hers and she thought maybe he could come in for just a few moments. Maybe she 
could ask him to call her sometime when she had more time. Would you like to come in 
for a few moments? she asked. She wasnt quite sure how, but the next thing she knew, 
they were sitting on her sofa and he leaned over, kissing her. Mmm, this is nice she 
thought as she felt his tongue slip inside her mouth and she melted into his arms. She 
began kissing him back and she gasped as she felt his hands on her breasts. I really need 
to go to bed and say good-bye to him she thought, and chuckled to herself as she 
realized the order in which she had phrased that. But his hands on her breasts felt too 
good to stop just yet.

They continued, his hands massaging her breasts through her blouse, sending tingling 
sensations through her body, while their tongues explored each others mouths. Soon she 
felt his hand unbuttoning her blouse. She was about to stop him, when his hand slipped 
inside, and into her bra, cupping her breast. The feeling was great and her resistance 
crumbled as she felt the first dampness in her pussy. This feels too good. I guess he is 
going to get lucky tonight she thought as his hand massaged her bare breast. The thought 
of this good looking man fucking her till she was thrashing in orgasm on his shaft caused 
her pussy to get wetter. In just a moment, Ill excuse myself and go put in my 
diaphragm she thought.

Jason had been pretty sure he was going to score with this hot little number since the first 
drink he bought her. He had watched her, and a number of other ladies for a while before 
choosing. Shauna was good looking, and dressed to get attention. He had also noticed 
that she had already had several drinks before he approached her. He had timed his 
stories and the drinks well, so she drank too much. Once he got her to her door, 
maneuvering her to the sofa had been a piece of cake. He could tell she was attracted to 
him and now he was certain that before long he was going to be fucking this woman, 
pounding his cock in her pussy.

Jason undid the rest of her blouse and slipped it off her shoulders while continuing to 
massage her breast with one hand. Next she felt him undoing the clasp on her bra and she 
helped him slip it off, baring her breasts for him. Now he had unfettered access and began 
to massage both of them, making Shauna gasp for pleasure and squirm. His touch was 
making her pussy spasm and she began lewdly grinding her hips as he worked on her 
breasts. Jason realized that she had made up her conscious mind and was now a willing 
participant. This, along with the sight of her breasts and the feel of them under his hands 
was making him start to get hard in anticipation. Now he slid his hand down between her 
legs and cupped her pussy through the damp material of her underwear, causing her to 
push her hips against his hand as she tried to get more sensations. She felt him stop, and 
reach up to tug on her panties. She lifted her hips to let them slide down her legs, and 
helped him with her skirt so that she was now naked.

Ive got to go put my diaphragm in she thought, but couldnt bear to break the action 
just yet. She jerked as she felt his finger sliding into her now sopping pussy. It felt so-o 
good, slipping in, spreading her lips as his cock would soon be doing. And he knew just 
where to rub, hitting her G-spot on the inside, and teasing her clit, back and forth. She 
dropped her hand into his lap, immediately feeling the throbbing warmth of his erection 
through his pants. She moaned as she ran her hand over it squeezing it, knowing that soon 
she was going to be riding this to ecstasy. She noticed that while doing this, he had 
managed to undo his shirt and was now shrugging out of it, exposing his broad chest. 
Anxious to see the rest of him, she now reached down and unbuckled his belt, undid his 
pants, and started to pull them down. As they dropped, she saw his erection making a 
large tent in his boxers. She carefully pulled them out, around his hard-on, and down, 
revealing his penis throbbing, eager for her pussy, with his large hairy balls drawn up 
underneath.

She reached out eagerly and stroked his shaft as he continued to play with her pussy. Her 
inner thighs were coated with her secretions, her pussy overflowing with lubrication to 
ease his entry. Oh, he looks so good, so strong and virile. Ready to fuck me good with 
that big cock she thought. Reaching between his legs, she cupped his balls in her hand, 
eliciting a groan of pleasure from Jason. Mm-m, you are so good she murmured to him. 
Come on, I need to feel you inside me now. Give me that hard cock.

The sight of this lush, naked woman, squirming on his finger, massaging his balls and 
urging him to fuck her made Jason almost crazy with lust. His cock was so hard it hurt. 
He could think of nothing except sinking his shaft in her warm wet pussy and pounding 
away until he exploded inside her, filling her with his seed. Shaunas mind had shut down 
and her body had taken over, responding to instinct, crying out to take this strong mans 
cock deep inside her and ride it until he emptied his balls deep inside her. She laid back, 
spreading her legs in invitation, almost desperate to feel his cock filling her hungry pussy. 
She watched with unrestrained lust as Jason crawled between her legs, his hard cock 
sticking out, eager for her, his full balls hanging down.

As Jason brought his cock head to her juicy cunt lips and nestled it between them, they 
both gasped. Then he was sliding it into her eager, warm sheath, male and female joined 
as one. The feeling for both was exquisite as their bodies urged them to give in to the 
need to mate, to reproduce. Oh you feel so good, so hot and tight on my cock! Jason 
gasped. Uhm, your cock feels delicious, stretching my cunt, filling me! Oh, I want you 
so much! Fuck me! Fuck me good! she gasped. And they began moving against each 
other, cock sliding in pussy. Soon the room was filled with the sounds of sex: the 
squelching of his cock sliding in her wet pussy, the steady slapping of their bellies, the 
squeaking of the bed as they thrust at each other, and the pants, moans, and sighs of the 
lovers as they rode each other.

Shauna was aware that Jason had his bare cock buried in her unprotected pussy. She 
knew she should stop and put in her diaphragm, but the feeling was too good to stop, and 
she realized that part of her excitement was the risk, the knowledge that she had his cock 
in her, flesh on flesh, without barriers, and that soon that cock was going to be pumping 
live sperm from his balls into her womb, coating her insides with his seed. She shuddered 
and ground against him, impaling herself on his rigid phallus, lewdly rubbing herself 
against him, trying to increase her pleasure, and in the process, urging him to fuck her. 
She was moaning and grunting in pleasure as Jasons cock pistoned in and out of her 
pussy. In her lust, she wanted to feel the testicles that were generating his genetic imprint, 
to pump into her. She reached between her legs and ran her fingers over his sack, feeling 
the two plump balls which might soon impregnate her.

Her fingers on his balls urged Jason on. The feeling of her cunt wrapped around his cock 
was fantastic. He was driving into her with abandon, thinking only of fucking her as hard 
as he could until he shot his load into her. Her writhing and moaning beneath him as he 
humped excited him further. Oh, you feel so good! he moaned. Youre so hard, and 
big! You fill me up Shauna moaned underneath him. Oh, I want to cum in you, shoot 
my sperm in your hot cunt! Yes! Fuck me good! I want to feel you cum in me!

Jason looked down between their bodies to where his penis disappeared into Shaunas 
pussy, joining them together. Shauna saw him look down and followed his gaze. They 
both watched as his cock slid in until their bodies touched, then withdrew. They could 
both see her tits bouncing with each thrust, her legs, pulled up and back, shaking with 
each thrust. Shauna reached around, pulling him into her and could feel his ass flexing in 
rhythm to his fucking.

Now she could feel her orgasm approaching and began to thrust up to meet his strokes. 
She could also feel a change in his rhythm, it was more insistent, more purposeful and 
she knew he was getting close, focused on his own building pleasure. The knowledge that 
she was exciting him, making him want to cum in her, excited her further. She could feel 
her pussy gripping his cock, massaging it. She could feel his hardness sliding against her 
clit, sending sensations shooting through her body. Unh! Ah-h! Im almost there. Faster! 
Harder! Oh, give it to me! Fuck me! Now she could feel him swelling, larger, his cock 
slamming into her pussy with all of his energy and she knew he was in his final strokes, 
his sperm gathering, his body tensing for release. She knew he was about to cum in her, 
to fill her with his seed. She knew she should make him pull out, but it felt too good, her 
body was in control, riding his cock and would not listen to her brain. She was pure 
animal, mating, offering her body to a strong male.

Jason was on fire, his cock straining in anticipation, wrapped in Shaunas eagerly sucking 
pussy. Her lewd words, her animal grunts, her gyrating body, her wet clenching pussy 
were rapidly driving him to the point of no return. He was driving into her with all his 
energy. He could feel the pressure building at the base of his dick and he knew he was 
almost there, that he was about to flood her depths with his load. He felt his penis 
swelling in preparation for ejaculation and gasped, Im gonna cum! Look at me, look in 
my eyes while I cum in you!

His words sent Shauna over the edge. She looked up at him and her body went rigid with 
orgasm, her pussy spasming on his invading cock, urging it to let go and deliver his load. 
Ai-e-e! she squealed, her whole body shaking as she came. And then she felt Jasons 
body tense as he drove into her, pushing his cock head up against her cervix, and she felt 
his cock throb as he groaned, Ah! Im cuming! She knew he was spurting inside her, 
filling her with his creamy, baby making seed. Jason pulled back a little and jammed 
forward again. Shauna wrapped her legs around him, pulling him in as deeply as she 
could, as she felt the steady pulsing of his penis as he pumped his semen into her, filling 
her. They groaned and gasped as they ground their bodies together, his seed passing from 
his balls through his penis and deep into her body, filling her pussy, coating her cervix. 
Each pulse of his penis stimulated her vagina, causing it to contract, sucking the cum 
from him, squeezing his penis, and triggering yet another pulse of his cock. She reached 
between their legs, milking his balls, feeling him still pulsing inside her.

At last he rolled off of her, his cock glistening with a combination of their juices, her 
lubrication, his semen. She could feel the new warmth and wetness of his cum deep in her 
vagina and knew that even now it was working its way into her womb. The thought sent a 
shudder through her body but she could not tell if it was fear or excitement.

The next day, a rather sleepy Jason ran into one of his friends who had been at the bar the 
night before. I saw you leaving with a pretty hot chick last night. And it looks like you 
didnt get much sleep! his friend observed. Youre right about that! Up to my balls in 
some prime pussy last night! Fucked that little minx 3 times! Dang but she drained me 
dry! Jason grinned.

