Sophie Digitally Naked in School
by Executionus

Part 6:

All of my stress, plus the constant physical activity of gym class, was working to make me even more lightheaded and dizzy than I have been all day long. I fought back the feelings of sickness for as long as I could, but suddenly I had to take off running towards the locker room and give the Porcelain God another offering. That's twice in one day that my stress has caused me to get sick in school, which all by itself is monumentally embarrassing. This time the entire gym class was aware of me running off in a hurry. Argh.

Ava, Haylee, Rachael, and one of my other friends named Nev all ran in at once to check in on me, witnessing the aftermath. All of them were extremely worried about me (especially poor Nev who has absolutely no clue about how horrible my day has been). I had to calm them all down quickly. I don't want all of my friends to worry about me, even if my own mind is a constant whirlwind of worry today. My stress isn't made better by sharing it with the people I care about.

My attempts at telling them all that I was fine and didn't need any help or for them to worry about me wasn't really working though. I guess they all knew how often I hide my problems from others like that, but in this particular case I was really trying hard to not tip off Rachael and Nev to exactly WHY I was so distraught today.

Sensing my struggles, Ava quickly took my hand and stood me up to walk me back out into the gym. She told my other friends, and then the teacher "Hey I'm going to take Sophie to the nurse quickly before school lets out." grabbing both of our gym bags full of our regular clothes on the way out.

Once we were in the main hallway, Ava detoured us into one of the girls bathrooms instead. She looked me over and asked "So are you actually ok, hun?"

I kinda shrug my shoulders "As ok as I can be today. Why did you take me into the bathroom?"

She smirked "Well I told you that you'd need to fake being sick in order to leave class early enough to change into Minka undetected. You just did a really good job of 'faking'!"

I knew it. "Ugh. Ava, how am I supposed to do this without somebody recognizing me? Pictures are one thing, but this is me running around in person. Also I don't have spare clothes to switch to. I'm going to get caught!"

Without a word she reached into her gym bag and pulled out a black miniskirt, white string halter top, and a make up travel kit. I don't even think that top or skirt fit the school dress code with how small they are! She then smiled and told me "Girl, you're crazy if you didn't think I had an entire emergency makeover stash in my gym bag in case of dire need."

Ava reached around my head and took my glasses and hair tie off of me. I don't even know why I'm bothering to protest, since we both know she's right and I have to confront both Jerry and Billy as Minka after school is finished. It's just scary is all.

Ava gave me a weird look once my glasses were gone and hair down, finally telling me "You know...I couldn't quite see it until just now."

I roll my eyes "Yeah yeah...give me the clothes quickly."

She hands me the miniskirt and halter top, and I quickly pull off my shoes, gym shirt, and gym shorts. For a few seconds I'm standing in the middle of the bathroom area in just my underwear, and something catches my eye before I get to putting my new clothes on. Even with my vision a little blurry now I can clearly notice Ava blushing up a storm looking at me. It's not even subtle, she is flagrantly eyeballing my half-naked body right now.

I squeal "AVA!"

She whispers "Sorry sorry!" as she covers her face shyly.

I'm just confused "You literally see me in my underwear every 7th period in the locker room, including today, without blinking an eyelash. What the hell?"

Ava uncovered her face, looking at my body again to answer "I can't help it. I'm not seeing you-you right now, I'm seeing...you know, Minka. I don't know why it's different! It's weird. I'm sorry that I don't tell you this enough, but you really are super hot when you want to be. Your pictures just..you know...REALLY made that obvious. And your hair being down suits you, I don't know why you always have it tied up"

Her fawning over me causes me to blush and feel warm inside a little bit as usual, but I try to keep a straight face and hide it. I answer her question "Because my hair always used to get in my eyes, but I also don't want to get a boy cut so I just started keeping it tied all the time unless I was sleeping. And now I don't have a choice, because like you said my hair being down makes me much easier to recognize."

I quickly pull on the sexy outfit (a massive difference from my usual t-shirt and pants). I turn to face Ava, wiggle my hips, and ask her "So how do I look?"

She smiles "Fire, duh! But you still need the make up to complete the look. I'll help you out so this doesn't take too long"

Ava quickly gave me deep purple eye shadow, twin glittery sapphire wings, and a deep emerald underline. My lips were done with the same emerald color, but with flickers of sapphire on the sides and purple at the top. It came out REALLY NICE even though she drew me up in only two minutes or so. I had to ask "I never knew you were good at doing make up. Is this something you practice often?"

Making an innocent pose, Ava sarcastically answered "No, never! Actually, it might be nice to have Minka around from time to time to give me an excuse to paint you with tons of neat designs. You'll be the canvas to my Leonardo!"

That didn't make sense to me, so I asked "The turtle?"

Her response was "...No. Nevermind" which didn't help my confusion. Honestly I had bigger problems today anyway though.

She then handed me two sky blue heels to wear instead of my old shoes, which would've given me away if I kept them. If nothing else, I enjoyed the extra bit of height I had with these, and hoped that would add to my disguise element.

I looked at myself in the mirror finally, and it was a STUNNING change from how I normally look. I know that I keep calling this alternate look for me "Minka" as if it was a literal different person, but looking at my reflection in this moment it was almost impossible to believe that the person in front of me was me at all. She felt completely different. She looked so unlike me that it was unbelievable. She was beautiful and stunning, a star who demanded absolute attention at all times from all eyes. I realized that the only part of me that remained as Sophie now was my mind, but that needed to go as well to complete the transformation. All I could do on that front was silently make a vow in my head:

No longer Sophie,
My name is Minka.

The moment I gave myself this transformation command I felt myself standing taller, really maximizing the heels, and I placed a hand on my cocked hip. I needed to feel like the sexy goddess that was Minka, and needed to move like her. Ava seemed to notice that I was shifting into character, and I swear I could see her blushing again from it. Huh, it's almost as if the secret to me tickling her interest was to simply look and act different from her "like a sister" bestie Sophie. Maybe I should push my luck with that, just this once.

In a new disguised voice, speaking with a very slight Eastern Europe accent how I imagined her, I spoke to Ava "Hello pretty girl. My name is Minka. Are all the ladies at this school as yummy looking as you are?"

HOLY WOW did Ava shoot beet red when I did that, turning away once my unbroken eye contact was driving her wild. I could practically feel her arousal vicariously with how blatantly obvious it was. This is fun! Sophie would never be so blatantly forward. I need to go all the way with this little experiment, one final big step, just for my own amusement. And honestly, this is something that I feel I may have wanted deep down for many years now...I can't pass up my chance.

I walk right up to Ava, and with my heels I'm now slightly taller than she is. She makes the mistake of having the wall directly behind her, so I shock and surprise her by quickly planting my hand on that wall, my arm on her shoulder, and my face falls right in front of hers.

She looks me dead in the eyes, just 6 inches away from her as I asked her "Well you sure do LOOK yummy, but are you? I think I need to find out for myself...with just a gentle taste"

Ava gasps as I say that, her lips parting open for me cutely. I don't give her the chance to close them back before I lean in and kiss her! She closes her eyes in pleasure, and I quickly do the same. Thirty seconds later I pull back only a few inches, opening my eyes to see a nervously-smiling girl staring at me.

She tries to speak, but fails. I decide to break the silence myself "Well well, you are in fact delicious. I love it. So Ava, what do you think of me as Minka? Would anyone be able to recognize me like this?"

Ava very loudly squeals "God damn Soph! Minka, whatever. Minka. That was crazy hot! I think that was the best kiss I've ever had in my life.... You're like a completely different person like this. Nobody is going to recognize you! I almost forgot you were you even. I don't mean that in a bad way, it's just...I really like this side of you and I kinda hope I get to see more of it sometime."

I playfully reply "With how much that you've already 'seen' of me today it's going to be very difficult to find anything MORE to show you...but maybe I'll think of something some day"

Wait, hold up. WHOA! Did I seriously just say that? Sophie would never have said that line in a million years. It's like Minka is taking over my body or something. Ava's whole face is just redness now, her natural skin tone has vanished completely. I'm going to need to back this truck up fast or else we're going to start making out in this bathroom. But would that be such a bad thing? I just know that Ava's loose gym clothes would find their way onto the floor very quickly if I wanted them to do so...and maybe even the underclothes. GAH!!! Stop! Bad horny girl! You've been super horny all day, and now turning into Minka made you even hornier. We have a mission to complete and very limited time to complete it. Revenge now, sex later!

I finally stand back upright, freeing the semi-trapped and extremely flustered Ava from the wall. "Um, so anyway...we have Billy waiting for me in the locker room after school, but how am I supposed to get Jerry? Once the bell rings he's going to hop on the bus to head home probably, and I don't even know what class he's in right now. We only have about 5 minutes until then"

Ava gave me a silly look, and then told me "Oh, I guess we forgot to loop you in with all of the chaos going on earlier. Haylee knows some freshman guy, I think it was her neighbor or something like that. Anyway, the guy knows Jerry and agreed to lead him into a trap in exchange for meeting Minka. Well actually I think Haylee might've promised the boy a kiss, I didn't get the whole story out of her before we left."

I rolled my eyes being silly "If he helps me publicly humiliate Jerry, and if this boy's cute enough, then I'll give him the best kiss of his life as a reward. I'm going to leave a trail of green lips all over this school it seems"

The reaction of Ava suddenly running to the bathroom mirror to check her reflection was priceless! Sure enough, she noticed the small spots of green that had transferred over during our kiss and quickly washed them off, giving me such a cross look while I laughed hysterically at her.

Once my laughing fit was over, I finally asked "So where are we leading Jerry to be ambushed?"

Ava answered "The boys locker room, where we have Billy parked too"

Wow that is a bad idea. No, no, foolish little Ava. "Ava! How am I supposed to humiliate TWO boys at once, both of them bigger than I am? That won't work, I have to get one of them first, and THEN the other. Why not make Jerry meet me in the Auditorium instead? That's right nearby and should be completely empty after school."

She shrugged "Text that to Haylee then I guess. You should probably handle the Billy situation first then so that he doesn't flip out waiting to long or anything like that. We know how violent he is. That's why I told Johnny to be there with you guys, just in case he needs to knock a bitch out."

I quickly texted Haylee my new instructions. I also finally let my brother Arnold know that we would be leaving school late because of my trail of revenge. I literally used "trail of revenge" in my text, which I imagine he found equally hilarious and ominous. I know for a fact that he wouldn't warn Jerry of the doom that was heading his way, but I also knew that Arnold didn't want to lose his friend over this and wouldn't want to be directly involved. He would probably go entertain himself somewhere else. And by "somewhere else", there is a 100% chance that he would head to the computer lab. At least finding him later would be easy.

Ava then nervously said "I'm getting kinda worried all of the sudden. How are you planning to deal with Billy? I know we're wanting to leak nudes of Jerry as revenge, but Billy is the kind of fucking loser that probably sends dick pics out all the time without even asking. He's not going to care about his pics leaking, and might even get off to it. I'm sorry. I feel pretty bad about setting all of this up without a good plan."

I chuckle "Actually I have a really good idea for him. There's a rumor about incels that I'm going to test out. If I'm right, I am going to DESTROY his reputation with women forever."

Having said that out loud to boost my confidence...this is about to be the scariest moment of my life! I'm about to come face-to-face with a boy who has hated Sophie for years and might recognize me. If he does, he will tell EVERYONE and make my life hell as long as he can. Even worse than that, if my revenge attempt doesn't work, this could backfire against me in ways that I can't even imagine. Do I have any real chance of making it out of this school day with Sophie's reputation intact and without getting into serious trouble as Minka?


Part 7:

The bell rings to end school, meaning that it was time to get ready. To avoid detection in case anyone walked into this bathroom, I hid in one of the stalls with Ava standing guard. After a couple minutes the massive horde of fleeing students had passed our corner of the building for the most part and moved towards the exits. We were in text communication with Haylee waiting on the gym to empty and the gym teacher to head to his office. Once we got the green light, it was time to move.

Ava opened the door to check outside, only seeing a handful of students at lockers nearby. She waved me on to take my exit now, as I quickly walked out into the hallways as Minka for the first time. I was hoping to avoid too many people noticing who I was before I got back to the gym, because that could cause a scene and excess headache. Looking like I do now, absolutely anyone would recognize me as the girl from the pictures if they looked directly at me.

Thankfully I made it to the gym without incident, with Ava staying in the hallway to stand guard. Other students finding Minka was one thing, but if any of the teachers found me like this it could be far worse. I knew that Haylee was still hanging out in the gym acting as my eyes. Of course, what my "eyes" had FAILED to mention to me before I walked into the gym was that Rachael was standing there with her still. Yikes!

Rachael's eyes lit up like car headlights when she saw me walk in "Oh my God, oh my God, it's you!"

Crap! Does she recognize me? Well of course she recognizes me as Minka, but does she recognize my secret identity? I hope not, and the last thing I need is her screaming it loudly in an echoing gym classroom. I nervously place my finger up to my mouth to silence her, which leads to her running close to me.

"Hello miss Minka" she greeted me.

In Minka mode, in order to not break character, I respond "Hello yourself"

She continued "My name's Rachael, and I'm a friend of Haylee and Sophie. They've both given me the gist of what happened to you today, and I'm so sorry about all of it. Haylee says you're here to get even with Billy. Anything you need from me, just ask. I want that little-dick bastard to pay just as badly as anyone after all of the times he's groped me and gotten away with it."

Well that makes me mad. I never even knew that he had done that to Rachael, she never told me. My voice shifts angry a little as I reply "That's terrible, dear. I will make him regret that. I'll text you and Haylee if I need assistance"

As I start walking towards the boy's locker room, a sudden thought hit me. I turn back towards Rachael "Oh, and I was told that you worked to reduce the spread of rumors about me. Thank you very much for that. Feel free to chat me up anytime, cutie."

I watched me saying that sending a shiver of joy through Rachael, which made me feel powerful. She deserved nice words from the girl she was attracted to since she helped me out...plus she's always been a good friend to Sophie. I'm starting to really enjoy this sexy power I have as Minka. I may never want to take this make up off.

The moment of truth hits me as I walk into the boy's locker room, seeing Johnny in the corner and Billy standing there dumbfounded with a look of pure horndog on his stupid face. Also Billy wasn't wearing a shirt, just standing there bare-chested in black shorts. It would almost have been sexy if it wasn't for my years of SEETHING HATRED of this punk.

"Oh, you're already partly undressed. Lovely" I lied. Damn, I felt vomit #3 trying to come up as I said that. I continued on "Well, why did you stop? You don't need those shorts either"

Billy was trembling, all of his usual cockiness completely gone. He nervously looked over at Johnny watching him, then back to me. He was trying to say something but only gibberish was coming out.

I consoled him "Johnny is here to make sure that I don't get hurt. He's a good boy that I trust completely, but this is the first time that I've ever met you. After all, you look very strong and could overpower me easily...but I'll bet those muscles are better suited for loving than they are violence. Do you agree?"

Billy stammered red-faced "Yes! Yes they are! Very good at sex"

I knew it. I knew without doubt that this boy was a virgin despite his constant big talk. My plan is working perfectly. I keep the pressure on "Pretty boy...your mistress is still waiting for you to remove your shorts. If you toss those shorts as far away from you as you can in the next 10 seconds, I'll let you see under my top."

Instantly Billy complied with my demand, jerking his shorts down and tossing them like a football clear across the locker room until they hit a wall. Now he stood there in just his blue boxers, which were thin enough to let me see a significant outline of his growing manhood. The irony was that it didn't even seem that small, despite all of his constant little dick energy as a person.

The next step was me keeping my promise. This was always part of my plan, but it was only in this exact moment that I truly let the enormity of what I was about to do sink in. This isn't a picture, this is me actually flashing my breasts to a boy in person, something I have never done in my entire life. Two boys actually, since Johnny is looking right at me too and I know for a fact that he wouldn't turn away from this show even for a chunk of cash. Somehow this felt a thousand times more exposing than my pictures, even though the pictures showed far more of me. I almost chickened out, but I couldn't. I had come too far to quit now.

I took a deep breath and lifted my halter top and bra up, baring my boobs to both boys. Johnny was stunned, losing his ability to play it cool (something that I've never seen happen to him before). Billy, meanwhile, was mentally annihilated by my naked breasts. His trembling hit a new level, and the tent in his boxers was blatant as hell. His boxers looked like Lois Griffin's nose from Family Guy, it was a complete triangle sticking way out from the rest of his body. Oddly enough I was really enjoying this power I had over him, even if the thought of him getting aroused to me made me feel physically ill. Just to make sure that he was as hypersensitive as possible, I also used one hand to lift up my miniskirt in the front to flash the boys my panties for a few seconds, while the other hand kept my bare tits out.

Pulling my top and skirt both back down and walking towards him now, I seductively told him "So, pretty boy...Johnny is going to be filming the rest of this, just for my personal collection."

Billy shook his head "Whoa what? I don't want to be filmed"

Not letting up I respond "Billy boy, how did you learn about me again? From my pictures. The ones that leaked are just a fraction of what I've taken though. If you think my pictures are hot, then you should see some of my videos. I always record my sexy adventures. You're not shy, are you stud? The camera sends me to another level of intensity and arousal, and no boy has ever complained about the results. It's my biggest fetish...you want me to be satisfied, don't you pretty boy?"

Terrified of messing this up, Billy agreed to my terms. As Johnny started filming with his phone, I ordered Billy to place his hands behind his head, part his legs standing at attention, and to not move one inch until I commanded it of him. I felt like a goddess in this moment! I don't know how I kept it together, because this is legitimately the closest that I've come to sex myself...as disgusting as that thought is. Now that the trap was set, it was time for my plan to commence.

I grabbed my phone in my right hand, while placing the other on his bare chest. Johnny angled himself so that his view of Billy's tent wasn't blocked, since he knew what my plan was here. Without a word I turn on the vibration function of my phone and place it against Billy's tent. The incel instantly shivered and started breathing heavily, losing all self control practically immediately. My phone's vibration function is no joke, and I confess that I have used it on many occasions to tease myself. This boy has clearly never been exposed to vibrations like this, but he's learning very fast that it's not just a girl thing. I continued rubbing his chest with my free hand while moving my vibrating phone up and down his barely-covered throbbing erection. I pressed firmly into his manhood, even as he tried to move his hips away suddenly to save himself from going over the edge. His struggle to hold it in was a fruitless one, he never had any chance to resist this pleasure no matter how hard he tried.

No matter how hard he tried to dodge or get a break, I held firmly pressed against him for 15 solid seconds until I heard him moan and gasp loudly. I made sure to move my phone towards the base of his shaft to protect it from contamination, as we all watched the front of Billy's blue boxers soak themselves with his cum. The dark wet spot was plainly obvious to both me and the camera. Little mister big shot just came in 25 seconds or so, even before his underwear was removed and everything.

Once he was done orgasming, I suddenly jumped backwards laughing hysterically. "OH MY GOD, IS THAT IT?? You're done already? I can't believe it, how pathetic!"

His hands quickly covered his front, his face solid red and covered in sweat "NO! I..I'm sorry. I wasn't ready! We can try again, please!"

I rolled my eyes "No, boy. Just no. I didn't even get to the part where I stripped you yet. I just started, JUST STARTED, and you came. Your underwear is soaked. What a LOSER! You're not even fit to be called a man at this point. If somebody looks up 'premature ejaculation' in the dictionary, then I hope they see your picture. I should warn every girl in town to not even waste their time on this 30 seconds of disappointment."

Billy was crying, actually crying "No please, don't! I'm sorry! I can do better, I swear! Don't tell the other girls I came that fast, I'll do anything"

To that I replied "Boy I'm not just going to TELL them, I'm going to SHOW them. I have it on video. We're going to send that to everyone in this school now"

Billy screamed "NO PLEASE!!!!!"

I then gave him a smile "This is what you get for saying that I'm a 'dead fish' in bed, and that my 'OnlyFans bombed so hard I had to give it away'. Oh yes, Easy-Squirt, I heard all about what you kept saying about me from my friends. Why else do you think I came here? Your looks? Please. And it isn't just me, from what I've been told. Several other ladies have told me that you've hurt them too. So remember these words once your video goes viral: This is revenge for being subhuman garbage to every girl in this school."

With a nod Johnny stops recording and then sends out the full video to everyone he knows, which is a pretty huge list. My own phone buzzes from the message, so I show the crying half-naked loser proof that the video is being sent out now. Billy tries to advance on me, but Johnny steps in the way to command him to back up or get knocked flat. With no fight left in him (and Johnny having the look of a man who could sleep soundly after breaking a dude in half) Billy sat down on the bench in complete shock as we walked out of the boys locker area triumphantly.

Haylee and Rachael greeted us in the gym, both of them bouncing like maniacs after watching Billy's video. They looked at me in that moment like I was their biggest hero, it was a weird feeling. I've been looked at with lust many times today, but this was a new feeling. I like it.

Haylee ran up and glomped me into a very tight hug while squealing rapidly in a single breath "OhMyGodSophieThatWasAmazingYAAAY!"

Rachael froze. "Wait..SOPHIE??"

I looked right at Haylee's face and screamed "HAYLEE!"

Johnny smacked his own forehead hard "Haylee, you idiot."

Haylee weakly muttered "Oops...sorry!"

Rachael then asked again "Jesus, Sophie is that really you? I didn't even recognize you!"

Before I can even respond, Haylee lets go of me and faces Rachael "Don't tell anyone or else I'll have to kill you!"

Johnny threw sass "Haylee, you are literally the only one who keeps blabbing"

I finally get a word in "GUYS! Ok yes, it's me, but we have to stop talking about that where people might overhear. Let's get away from the boy's room before Bladder Splatter comes out"

Haylee giggled at me as we walked away "How do you keep coming up with premature ejaculation nicknames so quickly?"

I shrug my shoulders "I don't know. I guess it's related to how you can always come up with scary threats on the fly"

Rachael, however, was white as a ghost, and finally asked me "So you mean those pictures...that's really you?"

I nod "Most of what I told you earlier was true. Jerry stole them from my Google Photos account and spread them all over the school. Nobody knew it was me, though, so I was trying to keep it secret. Jerry thought Minka was my girlfriend, but I wanted that rumor smashed before people noticed how similar we look. These guys, Ava, and Cliff figured me out though. I'm afraid of people bullying me or treating me like some worthless slut, and I don't want these pictures to follow me around for life. I'm so scared of these pictures ruining my life"

Rachael looked down at the floor "I'm sorry. And that's why you threw up earlier, isn't it? You probably hate me for trying to hit on the picture girl like that. I never would've done that if I knew it was you in there!"

Putting my arm around her shoulders, aided by these nice height-enhancing heels, I tell her "Rachael no, not at all. Honestly I've been really enjoying how many people have been hitting on Minka or telling me how hot she is. It's been the one positive of all of this mess."

"Still..." she muttered "I never would've talked that way to you if I knew that it was you in there, going through the worst possible day of your life. I feel like a jerk who was only thinking with her hormones"

I stop Rachael and turn her to face me "Honey, am I going to have to kiss you to get you to understand that I love people hitting on Minka?"

Her brain just shuts down from that question, barely managing a "Wha?" before freezing with her lips parted slightly. I decide to take that as an invitation, and I go in for the kill. I pull her by her shoulders into my kiss and I hold it there for quite a long time. My eyes are closed, savoring the moment. I may not have any real feelings for her, but she is a good friend and super cute. Plus, as I learn very quickly, she is a great kisser!

After I pull away I ask her "Better?"

She quickly nods, blushing brightly. I turn to see Haylee and Johnny, both staring at us with their mouths open. I quickly tell them all, by using my Minka voice "I decided that Minka enjoys kissing as a sign of affection, so as long as I am her instead of Sophie this is bound to happen from time to time."

Haylee, straight as an arrow, jokes "Pass! But you go girls."

Johnny then smirks "I don't pass, just for the record"

Giving the guy a naughty look for his little comment, I smirk back at his sexy bad boy ass and use my Minka voice to tell him "You asked for it, buster"

I grab the back of his head and kiss him. Kissing Johnny is weirder than the two girls simply because he's not intimidated or overwhelmed by me. Honestly I feel more intimidated by him than the other way around, which makes the entire experience feel unique compared to my other kisses today. When we break, Johnny growls seductively in the deepest voice he could manage. Damn you, asshole! I feel myself blushing when the whole point of kissing people is to make THEM blush instead. I got him to blush with my surprise flash earlier, but now the prick was ready for me. He's just enjoying himself teasing me, neither of us has any actual feelings for the other outside of friendship. His dominant nature is almost knocking me back into little submissive Sophie though, so I have to back off and regain my goddess mojo quickly.

Rachael then asked me "So what do we do now?"

To that, I answer "Next, I need to get revenge on the bastard who caused all of this. I'm gonna see how much Jerry likes having his own embarrassing naked pictures leaked all over the whole school!"


Part 8:

Ava suddenly runs into the gym, shutting the door behind her in a hurry and holding it shut with her arms. She harshly whispers "Minka! You have to go, right now! Out the door to the outside, hurry."

I'm a little confused, so I begin to ask "Wha?"

She interrupts me "Your fans are here to see you. Quite a lot of them. You just shared a video telling them all your current location, genius!"

Oh.

Oh shit.

Oh shittie shit! I'm an idiot. This is why I don't do big complicated plans! I always miss something obvious like that. I turn around and run towards the door to the outside, while the others move to hold the main entrance door closed for a little bit. I am terrible at running even in tennis shoes. Running in heels, I'm moving at about the speed that a normal person would call speed walking. Still, I manage to get outside before the horde pushes in the door to the gym.

This is so dumb. How did I let myself get talked into changing into Minka in the middle of school anyway? Seriously, why do I always do whatever my friends tell me to do? Somehow I'm still supposed to get Jerry back, but did I ever even think of a PLAN for him? No, no I didn't. I need to cut my losses and quit before it's too late. I'm going to get caught, possibly literally caught, apprehended, and carried into custody if I don't do something fast!

Outside there are three bro boys and a tall super-skinny androgynous-looking girl looking my way, and all of them quickly recognize me as the pic girl. The boys, thankfully, are respectful enough to keep their distance and admire from afar once it's obvious that I'm running somewhere. I appreciated that. But...the girl clearly wasn't interested in that plan and she ran right up next to me to introduce herself. She wore a long ruffled skirt down to her ankles, a graphic tee shirt for some band I've never heard of, and a Deadpool ball cap.

"Hello there! Don't be afraid. I'm Jay, they/them. You're running, do you need help?"

Well, turns out the "girl" is actually nonbinary, which truthfully I probably should've guessed based on their appearance but I don't like to stereotype. They were presenting very fem, but I could tell that it wouldn't take much to instead present masculine. All that said, I'm really nervous about being mobbed right now by the crowd following me, so even though I don't know them I don't have much choice but to attempt trust.

I quickly blurt out "My name's Minka. I..I need to get to the auditorium quickly, without other people knowing that I'm in there. A bunch of people are following me though because of my stupid pictures leaking. Being outside like this more people could find me easily too and I'll never get away. I don't know what to do."

Seeing my distress and hearing my words, Jay didn't even hesitate to grab the waistband of their skirt, pulling it down their legs and taking it off in just a couple seconds. My face must've looked a mixture of shock and awe once their long toned legs came into view, as well as the very high purple lace boyshorts that are now the only covering Jay has below the waist. Jay motions for my hands to raise up, which I do as my blush washes over me from the extreme sexiness of having somebody (a hot somebody too) take their skirt off right in front of me like that. Jay slides the long skirt over me, turning it into essentially a dress. They then put their cap on me next and stuff in my hair, allowing me to disguise my face and profile some.

Jay doesn't even seem embarrassed by the fact that me and their guy friends are all seeing them in their underwear right now. The three boys are watching with interest, but somehow they give off the energy of this not being the first time that they've seen Jay in their underwear in public. Probably not the second or third time either. I need to find out where Jay likes to hang out! I would love the chance to "get used to" a sexy exhibitionist flaunting it around me. GAH! Stop being horny, you stupid fool, you have to run for your life now!

When the horde of other fans bust out of the gym looking for Minka, they can't seem to find anyone wearing the outfit that I was wearing a couple minutes ago in the video with Billy. Jay and I walk towards the auditorium casually so as to not attract attention. Somehow, purple lace underwear and all, Jay manages to not gather much interest from the crowd who were searching for resident porn star Minka (insert last name here). Man I need to give her a last name some day. Or maybe not. It would take away from the mystery and could lead to problems down the road when nobody can find a person with that full name anywhere.

When we finally reach the auditorium door area, hidden from view, I hug Jay tightly and tell them "Thank you so much! I owe you big time."

Jay waves it off "Don't mention it, I'd do it for any woman who needed rescuing, especially one as beautiful and sexy as you are."

I'm still blushing a little from Jay standing there outside in just purple lace boyshort lingerie, walking in public like that earlier, and now standing confidently right in front of me...but then they had to go and compliment me too! I shyly whisper "You think I'm beautiful and sexy?"

I lift off Jay's skirt and hat to return them, but Jay shocks me by dropping them on the ground instead of putting them back on, never breaking eye contact with me. Jay then smiled brightly "I would marry you today, without even knowing you, because even if we later divorced that honeymoon night alone would be worth all the drama, court costs, and any other consequences!"

Oh...ok. That's a new one! I don't think my brain can withstand somebody this sexy and confident, who is also half-naked, literally telling me that they would sleep with me tonight no matter the cost down the line. I sorta want to say yes to that offer right now, and claim those purple shorts as my trophy to keep forever. Damnit, between Johnny and Jay I have slipped completely back into Sophie mode! I'm blushing like crazy and shivering, I'm quiet, I'm ready to explode with horniness, and I'm frantically looking left and right like a frightened squirrel. This isn't Minka. I have to get back into Minka mode ASAP before I walk in the auditorium to deal with Jerry.

No longer Sophie,
My name is Minka

Using the right voice finally, after a slight delay after Jay's "marriage proposal", I respond at last "Well here's a little something for my heroic savior which doesn't require a wedding license first..."

I lean forward and kiss Jay, and I instantly feel them almost falling over from the shock of me doing that. I actually catch Jay in my arms, holding them against me so that they don't fall down or break our kiss in any way. They wrap their arms around my back, holding on tightly as we kiss. Jay starts working their tongue licking the front of my teeth, a feeling I have NEVER felt before which sends intense shivers through me. As I gasp, Jay's tongue sneaks inside my mouth and licks my own tongue. This kiss is so much more sexual than any of the others have been today! With how horny I have been today, Jay's kissing style is coming dangerous close to making my own underwear get as soaked as Billy's did earlier.

Still, I am Minka, and Minka doesn't let anyone else out-sexy me. Not any more, the Johnny thing was a fluke. I have to redeem myself now as I reach down and grab Jay by their cute purple lace butt with both hands and pull them into my body as we continue to tongue. Jay's legs parted when I did that, so now the long-legged Jay has their groin pressed up against my bare abs (exposed with this skimpy halter top) and they are wasting no time grinding me up and down. Jay is rubbing themselves against me, a sensation I have never experienced before and I never want to stop. I'm repeatedly pulling Jay's purple hips into me rhythmically and matching their movements while our tongues continue to dance and tease one-another. I know that I need to break this kiss before this gets any more heated, but I just can't. I couldn't stop this even if I wanted to.

Suddenly Jay's grip on me tightens intensely, at which point I realize that I very literally can't break this now. Jay squeezes me as hard as they can while passionately curling their fingers into my back and releasing a tiger-like growling sound as their mouth jerks upwards and escapes my kiss. After several more seconds of squeezing, Jay finally lets me go, and it suddenly hits me...Jay just came! Jay totally came from my kiss and grinding their pussy against my abs and hips! Holy shit! Oh my God! I can't believe it. Making Billy go off quickly was one thing, he's a loser incel and I knew he would bust from basically any female contact. But Jay is clearly a sexy badass yet I made even THEM go off in less than a minute. Whoa. Wow. What a huge ego boost. Also...what a huge turn on! Jay now has me wanting to cum harder than I have all freaking day, maybe even all freaking week.

I see the blushing on Jay's face now, as they nervously pull their skirt back on and their face has this look of a kid that just got caught stealing candy from the pantry. There's my blush! Minka always gets her blush, damnit. Even Johnny blushed once, the cocky bastard.

I look Jay dead in the eyes and tell them "I'm glad you enjoyed your present. You are absolutely required to message me on my Telegram account from now on. Maybe you'll even find a way to give me my own O some day...I'll let you decide the "how" and the "when". For now, though, I have business in here I have to take care of. Thanks again to you, your sexy tongue, and those sexy purple lace shorts of yours."

Jay went bright red when I brought up that bright purple. Wait, walking in their underwear didn't make Jay blush, but me MENTIONING the underwear did? I can't even figure that one out to save my life. Hmm...maybe I'm not the only one with a compliment fetish? That's something to remember for later. Alternatively, maybe Jay is worried about visible wet spots after their fun. Either way, Jay waved me bye as I opened the door to the auditorium and walked inside at last.

It's only when I enter the auditorium itself that I remember that I never did come up with a valid plan of attack for humiliating Jerry. I kept meaning to do that, but I kept being distracted! My plot for Billy went so well, but that was easy. I knew that incel prick would be putty in my hand with just the slightest hint of sexual advances and flashing, and incels are famous for being the fastest guns in the west. It's going to be so much harder to get an awkward freshman boy naked in front of a girl and her camera.

Ugh. UGH!!! Why am I only just now really letting it sink in that I flashed my tits at fucking Billy of all people? Gross, so gross. I swear, I feel like I'm on autopilot the last half hour. I'm going to have to just wing it to deal with Jerry. I have to make this work. That little brat will not get away with what he did to me! It's his fault that the entire school got to see my tits, butt, pussy lips, and even both of my holes opened wide for the camera. I'm going to make sure that every girl in this entire school sees his dick, mark my words. I just have to make sure that he doesn't figure out who I really am in the meantime. He's been friends with my brother for two whole years now, so he's seen Sophie on several occasions. This is going to be the biggest risk that I've taken all day. Everything could go wrong...but to make that bastard pay, I'm willing to risk it all. Besides, right now I'm Minka, and Minka has no fear!

