Mukesh was 26 years old "ghar jamai" (husband living with his in laws). His wife Ishita worked as a Manager in a firm where she had to go on weekly tours and Mukesh found it hard to stay without a juicy woman like Ishita to fuck. Mukesh ran a Video store where he had employed a servant. At home beside him and his wife was his Saasu Maa Yashodha, a 45 years old always horny slut who had become a widow a year ago. Yashodha was 5 feet 4 inches tall, full body with terrific tits, nice legs and a big tight ass. Worse thing was Yashodha had to spend a lot of time with her son in law. Ishita was expected back from her tour today. But no one knew exactly when.

Another thing that made matters more difficult was that Yashodha had seen his daughter and Mukesh fuck at night many times. She had just gone to drink water at midnight when she had head their fuck sounds. Curiousity forced her to peep and what she saw there, was still fresh in her mind. Mukesh had bent Ishita kile a bitch and fucked her from behind. His thick long cock moved in and out of her daughter's shiny cunt like a piston. What shocked her was the words they spoke. Mukesh was fuckinh Ishita as she was saying," Ufffff....beta...dheere..maderchod...aram se chod apni maa ki choot...taras kar apni maa par maderchod...tera lund kissi gadhe ke lund se kam nahin hai, Keshi beta.." Mukesh went on fucking her daughter and said," Yashodha Rani, jab apne bete ka lund kha hi chuki ho to ab nakhre kion karti ho, Saasu maa...Keshi beta tujhe aur teri beti dono ke liye kafi hai....Kitni tight hai teri choot meri chudakad Saasu maa!"

So, her daughter and son in law were playing roles! Yashodha had always called hin as Keshi beta. Ishita was treating her husband as her son. The fucking couple were faking a relationship and what aroused Yashodha was that she was one of the characters. Yashodha's cunt was wet as she saw Mukesh's cock move in her daughter's cunt. It shpwed that the handsome Keshi beta loved his mother in law and lusted for her. Being mother in law of such a stud who lusted for Yashodha was dangerous and risky.

Yashodha Rani was a woman with a desire and hunger for a young cock. Shew began to lust for her daughter's husband more and more. She wanted him more with each passing day. Mukesh too wanted his mature mother in law when he was without his wife. He was searching for excuse to be with her physically. He never missed a chance to feel his Saasu maa's ass or tit.

Yashodha understood the actions of her Jamai raja. She wanted him too. Sexual tension grew between the two and she thought of a plan. She faked a back pain to get him give aback-rub. As soon as Mukesh heard it, his jeart jumped witth joy. " Maa, apne kapde nikal do. Main aapki peeth ki malish kar deta hoon(Take off your clothes. I will give you a back-rub). Yashodha asked him to take her clothes off as she cant do it herself. He removed her blouse and began massaging her back gently. He removed the bra on the pretext that it would be soiled if not taken off. Yashodha lay on her stomach as her son in law rubbed her back, his fingers brushing her boobs very often.

She relished the feel of Mukesh's young strong hands. He often brought his hands down to her ample asscheeks. She felt her cunt go wet and her mind fancied her son in law as her fuck partner. " Keshi beta, mera petticoat bhi uttar do kahin ganda na ho jaye" came another invitation to the horny son in law." He smiled and undid the chord of the petticoat, bringing into view her beautiful asscheeks. He touched those asscheeks now covered by black silk panty and said," Uttar to pehle hi deta main lekin socha ki aapko bura na lage.(I could have taken it off but thought you would be angry)" Yashodha knew that it was time to come into the open," Why should I be angry? You are my son and it is notyhing wrong if a son touches his mother. Fel free with your mom, Keshi beta"

Mukesh felt that his Saasu was getting turned on and his semi-erect cock brushed against her back and thighs. Yashodha knew he was getting hot. The feel of his warm breathe on her back was stimulating. The feel of his dick rubbing against her was encouraging and arousing her.

The sexy mother in law was filled with lust. The taboo touches were increasing desires in her lustful mind. Mukesh had been massaging her back for 10 minutes when she decided it was time to go for real action.

" Beta, mera petticoat uttar do aur panty bhi(remove my petticoat and panty too). Give me a body rub, your hands feel sooooo good on my body, Keshi!. He obliged, removing her clothes as instructed. He saw his Saasu maa as a naked, well-developed woman.

He dutifully rubbed her body. Young hands were on his mother in law's lower back, asscheeks and shoulders. "Ooooo!" she softly moaned to the caressing of her son in law's hands, "Yes. That feels wonderful. Beta bahut aram milta hai mujhe, keep rubbing me!"

His crotch rubbed against Yashodha's soft ass. Her bare ass skin was feeling good. His young cock began to stir, as his hands touched the forbidden warm, soft skin. His shaft began to grow longer and thicker. His long rod was now fully hard. He continued touching it against her soft ass crack.

"Ahhhhh, Keshiiiiiiiiii....gooooooood...it feeeels soooooo goooood....touch meeeeeee.....touch mama.....you are sooooo goood son" she softly moaned and turned to face him and wrapped her arms round her son in law. Mukesh knew she was hot, horny and ready. He put his arms round her full body and kissed her on lips. She brought on hand between his thighs and held his erect cock and then she fumbled with his pajamas, opening them to bring her son in law's cock out. It was hot, hard and throbbing in her hand

Her son in law's hard dick told her the plan had been successful. The horny widow kissed her Damaad back sucking his tongue into her mouth as her own breathing increased.

"Ahhhhhhhh! Maderchod(motherfucker) touch meeeeee....I am burning Keshi beta....Treat me like Ishita.....Make me yours.......Ohhhhhh Beta I am hungry for cock!Give me what you have been giving my daughter.....oooooooo son fuck me....fuck Yashodha" she stiffened as louder moans escaped her lips.

Mukesh moaned, "Oh, maa, I have been waiting for this time for a long time...I wanted to fuck you....Ishita wants it too....I have been fucking her....calling her by your name.....she wants to cool your horny cunt...she wants my cock to fuck you and your daughter...she knows you have an itching cunt...she wants you to get cock at home and not outside...ohhhh my Yashodha Rani, I lust for you....I love you, Maa!"

His hands touched her nipples and turned hard. He knew instantly that his mother in law is ready to fuck. Mukesh needed no other encouragement. His hand dived into her swollen mound.

Yashodha lay flat down her legs spread even wider. Keshi rubbed the forbidden pussy as the widow moaned loudly. He lowered his head and kissed the wet juicy lips of the wet pussy.

"Oh Bhagwan.....Keshi beta.....,Behnchod.....kia kar raha hai......Teri maa ki choooot.....chus maderchod( son, oh sister fucker suck my cunt)" she groaned as he kept kissing her quivering cunt lips. " I cant wait...son fuck me...enter my choot.....fuck your mother...son...pleaseeee...fuck me!"

Mukesh raised his mouth from the wet cunt and patted her swollen cunt mound lovingly, makin his mother in law shiver in excitement. Mukesh placed his cockhead on the taboo cunt and pushed the swollen head against the glistening pussy hole. A mature, slender back arched back to receive her daughter's husband's cock. The young cock then enters the wodow's cunt.

"Oooooo maderchod....fuck me...pel do maderchod(fuck me motherfucker) It so so beautiful to feel your cock in my hungry pussy....son fuck me....Keshi beta chod mujhe.....!" she moaned even louder, "Oooooooooh Keshi beta...chod apni maa ko!"

Mukesh was aroused beyond limits and shoved his cock hard into his motherin law's cunt. His cock fully slipped inside of the mature tight wet pussy. It felt wonderful! He held her asscheeks hard in her hands and fucked his mother in law who was grunting furiously under him.

"Oh Sasu maa.....bahut mast ho tum...apni beti ki tarah....Ishita bilkul randi hai...tum bhi randi ho kia.....bol Saasu maa? (Your daughter is a whore...are you a whore too maa?)," Mukesh was grunting.

Mukesh began to fuck with steady strokes. The hard cock would go deep with each repetition.

"Oh Bhagwan....yes...Yashodha is a whore....I dont care.....fuck me like a whore if I am a whore.....your cock is deep in my cunt.....fuck me harder...the whore needs your cock in her hot cunt.....Keshi beta......chod Yashodha ko," she hissed hotly, "Your feels so nice in my choot."

"Ughhh!" Mukeshl grunted feeling his mother in law's pussy tightening around the hard cock, "Oh Yashodha yes! You are a real whore like your whore daughter"

His thick cock droves deeply into a mature pussy. "Ahhhhhhh! Yes, I am a whore, my son's whore...but this whore loves her son...I am fucking my daughter's husband...yes beta I love your cock moving in my cunt" she was groaning loudly, "Yesss, my Keshi, yesssss!"

Yashodha's body began to shudder as her son in law kept pumping his rod into her hot cunt. The hot pussy tightly held onto the long thick cock shaft. Her legs opened more to accommodate the cock of her son in law.

Her cunt felt hot and tight. Mukesh began to fuck faster. His large balls slapped against the soft, firm ass cheeks. With growing lust he pumped his widowed mother in law,driving as deep as possible with each thrust.

"Oh son, I am cumming!" horny widow shouted into the room, "Cum for me! Fuck your mother.....cum in my cunt.....fuck....cum in my choot...Fill me with your sperm" With eyes closed and arching ass, she grunted, "Yes! Yes! Fill your mother's pussy with your sweet seed!"

Mukesh felt a stream of sperm is rising from his balls. He knew within seconds a stream of cock juice would be spraying into his Saasu maa's cunt!

"Ahhhhhhhh!" he moaned as the first hot cum erupted from his cock.

Yashodha came and came as Mukesh felt the sensation of feeling the hot cum splash into her hot womb. The horny widow tensed as a climax captured her body. She trembled uncontrollably.

"I'm fucking you Yashodha Rani!" he was saying. "I'm ramming my Saasu maa like a whore! Ohhh fuck you...I am cumming in your cunt"

"Yes you are filling your wife's mother!"

Mukesh fell onto the bed next to Yashodha. Both were panting heavily and smiling. Their bodies shone with sweat.

The lust filled widow was not content yet. She quickly flipped around as so to face the taboo cock. She made him sit. Her experienced lips captured the young throbbing rod and she sucked his limp cock.

"Oh Yashodha, let me rest....no dont stop...suck me....you are a wonderful cockscking slut....suck my cock Yashodha Rani...suck me!" he said feeling his mother in law's tongue slide across the sensitive cock head.

She sucked and licked the young dick with enthusiasm. It was time to taste her son in law's hot cock with her mouth.

"Oh Yashodha, you are making my cock hard....Ohhhh bhagwan," he moaned, "You're a damn good cocksucker. But let us go 69 and let me taste your beautiful cunt"

She adjusted to the instruction as she placed her cunt against his face. Yashodha was lying on top of Mukesh and was sucking his cock greedily. He ran his tongue into her dripping cunt. Yashodha fervently took his rod deep into an experienced throat. Her tongue caressed the pulsating shaft. .

Yashodha was now straddling his young face. A dripping pussy pressed against his mouth, and she was enjoying her son in laweating her hot cunt. Mukesh was hungrily lunging his tongue into the hot cunt. He tasted his cum as it leaked from the hot hole. His tongue played with her swollen clit.

Just as Yashodha felt the trembling his cock ready to explode, the door opened suddenly as the couple lay in a heap and Ishita entered the room." What teh hell....ohhhh my God....Mukesh....Mom...What is this....Ohhhh mderchod...you are fucking my mother....behnchod...Mukesh...you are fucking your mother in law! You bastard.......what are you doing?".

The fucking couple stopped at once, too confused to cover their nakedness, Yashodha's big round ass still shining with sweat, Mukesh's cock still in her mouth, their eyes open with shock. "God, when did you come Ishita. I was only giving her a back-rub and then we lost control and.....I am sorry darling...I could not help it....Sorry Ishita!" Mukesh muttered, cunt juices still dripping from his mouth. "Let's not fight beti, I asked him to rub my back and we got carried away...It is all my fault....dont say anything to Keshi. Please beti, humko maaf kar do!" cried Yashodha.

" So it was you who stared this fuck mother? I knew it. I knew you would not be able to live without a cock for a long time....You have a bitch's cunt mother. I know it because I have inherrited a bitch cunt from you. Like mother like daughter. Mukesh, lets be fair. I cant stay without a healthy cock too.I fuck my partener on my tours too. I forgive you fr fucking my mother. Dont you call me a whore? I am a whore, just as Yashodha Rani is a whore for you. Do you forgive me for having fucked men about whom I have not told you? If yes, I forgive you for fucking my mother. Rather I would be glad that oyu have fucked my mother when she needed a hot cock"

Mukesh had not expected anything like this from his wife. Bloody hell. His wife had been fucking men at his back1 But he too had been fucking around when she was gone. His mind was in a turmoil. Should he forgive her? What if he did not? He will be turned out. Now if he played along, may be he can have noth mother and daughter. "OK, Ishita, I forgive you. Will you forgive me? I wont do it again, promise, OK?" He said at last. " OK, husband dear, agreed that we forgive each other. But your cock needs a pussy when I am not here, dont you? And Yashodha needs a cock, doesnt she? I order that you fuck only my mother and no one else in my absence. That way mom needs her share of cock and you ger your share of choot. ok? And another thing, I dont fuck every Tom Dick and Harry on my tours. I only fuck my Seniour Manager Mr. Gupta. I hope you dont mind. I fuck him because I get raise after raise from him and he fucks pretty good, I hope you like this arrangement"

Mukesh wasn't mad. He was as turned on as hell. Did he like the arrangement? Do I leave them to it? Do I watch? He rose and hugged his wife, kissing her before his motherin law," Yes Ishita, it suits me fine as long I have your beautiful and sexy mother as my fuckmate. I dont care if you fuck Mr Gupta or anyone else. I know I love you and Yashodha. Now you dont have to call me beta whilew fucking you as I have got my real Saasu maa. Lets celebrate our new arrangement. Lets have our first threesome. Lets drink to this lucky chance." He was hugging Ishita and Yashodha joined them, their hands wandered all over each other. Yashodha undressed her daughter and touched her daughter's boobs, her engorged nipples pushed at her mother's hands.

Mukesh's heart pounded in his chest. His erection strained as the daughter and mother touched his cock and felt his balls. He kneaded the soft flesh of his wife's boobs. Ishita writhed with pleasure. His excitement took over him as Yashodha cupped his balls and asked him to fuck her daughter's ass- as a gift from a mother on joining in a threesome." Keshi beta, you have fucked my daughter on the wedding day but tell me one thing. Have you taken Ishita's ass? Have taken her anal cherry?" He said no." I want you to take her anallly. A woman does not submit to her man until she has been fucked by her man in the ass. Ishita, get on your hands and knees. I have to lubricate your ass otherwise it will be painful." Mukesh felt his heart pound.

Yashodha unclasped her daughter's bra and threw it to one side. Her nipples stood up. Next she slid Ishita's panties down, revealing her wet pussy. She touched Ishita's pussy, stroking it.

Yashodha instrucked Ishita to bend down on Mukesh's cock and suck it while the horny mother sucked her daughter's asshole. She slid a finger into her ass. He felt his wife stiffen. Yashodha dipped her finger into cold cream and began a slow fingerfuck of her ass. Ishita closed her lips on Mukesh's cock who fondled his wife's boobs.

"Saasu maa," he huskily whispered, "Finger fuck your daughter's ass slowly. Rotate your fingers inside her whore ass...Ishita seems to love your fingers in her ass...use more cream.....make her ready for her first anal fuck....open her ass for my thick cock meat...Teri beti ke baad teri gaand bhi chodunga...Yashodha tumne mujhe ek naya rasta dikha diya hai(After fucking your daughter's ass, I will fuck yours...You have shown me a new way)."

Yshodha's fingers moved in and out and around the puckered ass hole, making her writh. "Oh god, Mom!"Ishita cried, "You're dong fine, fuck my ass, mom. His cock is all hard and ready now!"

Mukesh frees his wife's mouth from his cock and moves to the back where her ass is lifted up for him. Yashodha replaces Mukesh in front of her daughter's mouth and spraeds her cunt to be sucked. Mukesh held Ishita's hips firmly and placed his cock at the enterance of her asshole. The lust filled husband pushes forward slowly, making entery into the virgin ass.
"Ohhhhhhh! God!" she moaned. "Oh! Ohhh! Ohhhhhhh....mom.....aaaaahhhhh....slow.....gentle.....Mukesh...behanchod dheeere.....main mari....it pains...bastard....slow!" she squealed in pain, "Oh Bhagwan! slow!" she screamed out of pain. She felt as if a thick log had been pushed into her ass.

" Relax your ass, beti...it is painful....relax your ass....Be gentle beta....take your time...Ishita is taking your cock well, just a matter of time, Keshi beta" guided the mature widow.

Yashodha's hands reached up to cup her daughter's boobs and feel her hardening nipples. Mukesh saw his rock hard cock go in and out of his wife's ass as he began picking pace.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh!" Ishita screamed out in pain and lust, "Ohhhh Mukesh...keep fucking me! Oh god! keep fucking my ass....I love it in my asss...fuck my ass...meri gaand.....mom...your daughter is loving his cock in her ass...ohhhh maa!"

Her mother lovingly cupped her tit and pinched her hard nipples and the daughter ate her mature wet pussy. The room was filled with raw lust and sounds of sex echo the room. The smell of sex fill the room as Mukesh went on ramming his cock in the virgin ass.

As Mukesh watched his wife relaxed her ass muscles and stopped clenching her asscheeks together as she had been doing earlier. He slipped his cock deeper into her virgin ass. Ishita was muffling her moans in the pussylips of her mother who was cumming on her daughter's tongue.

"You are my slut, Ishita, You both are my sluts from now on. My cock is deep in your ass" Mukesh growled into her ear in a husky whisper, "Your ass belongs to me." Even as he was speaking he was squeezing her asscheeks Ishita felt her pussy spasm as his cock poundeed the depths of her ass. She began to push her hips back to meet his thrusts.

Ishita's body was writhing as she wanted his cock deeper in her anus. "Ohh," Kay moaned into the sheets as her fingers clawed at the comforter.

Mukesh now pumped hard and fast as he felt he was on the brink of his own orgasm. He loved to watch the tiny beads of sweat on her ass. She needed his throbbing cock buried to the hilt.

"Fuck me now Keshi," she whimpered, "fuck my ass please, I need to feel your cock deep and hard in my ass...my gaand(ass)."

Kay could feel every pulse of her husband's rigid cock as it filled her ass. She squeezed her asscheeks tight as he worked deeper.

"Keshi, you bastard, please fuck my ass hard! Maa, tell him to rip my ass...tear it...fuck it.... I need vhis LUND in my GAAND" she screamed and begged.

Mukesh grabbed hold of her asscheeks and spread them so he could watch his cock slide in and out of her asshole. His wife was in a state of orgasm as she bucked back to meet his strokes. He felt his balls slap his wife's lower lips with each thrust. Ishita was about to receive her first cum in her ass.

"I'm going to cum," he roared as he went wild fucking her asshole. His hands were gripping her asscheeks tightly and he thrust as deep and hard as he could go. Suddenly his cock spurted drops of cum deep inside Ishita's asshole.

As the first shot of cum rushed into Ishita's ass, she felt a new level of orgasm which was so intense that tears started running down her face as her clit throbbed. She couldn't speak, moan or whimper.