Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Fifty: Dreaming with the Family
Summary: MFFF MFF HF FF inc oral creampie exib voy D/s magic fantasy wife
Keywords: Kurtis and his sisters dream of thier family!
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Treasure Box, the Nimborgoth

Night had fallen on the Treasure Box. We were out in the Nimborgoth, land out of sight. We were at anchor, the ship bobbing in the current. I found Oberoy staring out at the sea, his dragonfly wings dropping low.

I moved up to him and leaned on the railing. He stared out at the sea, his eyes distant. He didn't notice me. I stood there a moment, waiting for him to realize I was here, but his eyes were lost to the waters. Was there a siren out there?

But, no, I'd hear her singing. Feel her lust.

Oberoy, I said. 

He just kept staring.

Hey, Oberoy, I said and slapped a hand on my half-brother/nephew/step-son's shoulder. Hey, you there?

The fairy prince blinked his eyes then turned to look at me. Kurtis? Sorry, I was thinking.

About? I asked him.

He turned around and looked out at the ship. Um, did you need something from me?

Yeah, I said. You mentioned being able to make the incubus's and succubus's dream powers stronger or something. Pleasure at night.

Oh, right. He smiled. Well, I can modify the twins

The twins? I asked, arching an eyebrow. They're not brother and sister.

They sort of are. I mean, they're the same sort of being. Incubi feed on women in their dreams and succubi on men. They're opposite but the same. Oberoy shrugged. The twins seem like a good way to describe them.

I guess, I said. It didn't really matter. So what can you do to make these twins' powers more?

They can only enter one persons' dream at a time, and it has to be of the opposite sex to work. But with my powers, I can create a shared dream reality, as it were. A place where you can dream with them. Share it, right? It can fit as many people as you want into it. If you know them, you can include them.

Anyone? I asked. Even if they're not on the ship. Even if they're farther away than Drakin Castle?

I think so. The fairy's wings fluttered. This is academic at the moment. I don't yet know that I can do this. I just hope I can. If you understand.

Sure, sure, I said, nodding. Okay. That makes sense. Well, let's go tell the twins to do this.

I marched to the main cabin where I told my sisters and dragon-mother to await. I wanted to dry this out. I motioned to Solomas and Lilica to follow after us. The twinsI guess that term was catchinghurried after Oberoy and me.

We passed through the door in the stern deck that led to the cabins. I went down to the end one, the captain's cabin that I now occupied. I opened the door to find my two sisters and Mother naked and in bed. The chains rattled around my mother's wrists as she stared at me.

I moved to the bed and smiled. I slid between my sisters and pulled them to me. Mother curled up at her feet. On the floor, Nephi and the rakshasas were bedding down on pillows, looking so comfy. Princess Lavhi whimpered, her vibrator churning up her cunt even in sleep.

The incubus and succubus stopped at the bed with Oberoy. He put his hands on them. His wings fluttered then pink motes burst from his hands. The twins burst into vapor that now was infused with glittering motes. They swept over us and...

I fell into a dream. Concentrate, my Lord, Lilica whispered in my mind. Concentrate on who you want and where you want to be.

I concentrated on being back on that small island in the Jyou Sea. I focused on our little collection of huts in the jungle and I focused on the three sylphs there. My step-mother and two half-sisters. Then I thought about my dragon-mother, Lasla, and Pyrriah.

I landed in the middle of the huts. Pyrriah and Lasla settled down beside me, looking around in surprise. Then Mother settled down before us. She trembled as she looked around as three more figures descended.

My step-mother Sianili floated down, her white hair billowing around her slender form. She had small breasts and motherly, yellow eyes. She touched down with grace and looked at us in awe. She trembled there.

Following her were my two half-sisters, the daughters of both my Mother and Sianili. Frelia and Iliasa touched down on the sand, looking around. Frelia was the eldest, her hair violet and her eyes yellow. She had round breasts that jiggled for a moment. Iliasa had an elfin face and big breasts, as large as our dragon-mother's tits. They had a lovely sway to them as she smile, her white hair falling down her body, her eyes bright blue.

This feels so real, Sianili whispered. Azuliana...

It's real, Mother answered and cupped her wife's face. Our Master has arranged for us to share a dream. Oh, so much has happened, my windy wisp.

They kissed.

I shuddered at the sight of their lips melting together. It was a beautiful vista to witness. Their tongues danced. It was so wonderful to see. My dick was so hard as I moved to the side of them, glancing at my older sisters. They stared at me with such lust.

You look stronger, Master, Frelia purred, her voice thick and throaty.

Oh, yes, Iliasa groaned. You all do. Look at Mistress Lasla. Such confidence.

I learned a thing or two about domination, said Lasla. I have slaves now. Even a pet panthopus I tamed with my pussy.

Oh, dear, Iliasa gasped.

And I figured out why my hair glows red, Pyrriah said. I'm a phoenix.

Truly? Frelia asked. Our little sister is the phoenix. My, my, Master, what adventures are you having while we have to take care of all your daughters.

But we love it, said Iliasa. They're growing up so fast. You've been gone so long.

And we'll be gone longer still, I said, glancing at our mothers loving each other. But we have the ability to communicate with you. We're on my ship. The Treasure Box.

You have a ship, Frelia said. Why am I surprised? Of course, you do, Master. And I bet it's crewed by hot and sexy women who are all pregnant with your children.

Pretty much, Lasla said. Oh, it is so good to see you again.

Mmm, we have been missing our brother and his big dick, Frelia said, licking her lips. You've been gone so long, Master. May we...? She winked a yellow eye.

Of course, I said. Mother Sianili, stop kissing your wife and join your two daughters in sucking my dick right now.

That's right, Mother! Lasla hissed. I'll whip your ass if you keep my brother waiting. Your step-son needs his dick sucked!

Sianili broke the kiss with Mother and darted over to stand between her two sylph-daughters. The three of them dropped to their knees and all grabbed my big dick. Mother Sianili licked her lips as she stared up at me.

It's a pleasure to service you again, Master, she moaned and engulfed my dick.

I groaned as she slid her mouth over the tip of my cock. I groaned as she suckled with such skill. The sylph knew how to pleasure a cock. She stared up at me with those motherly, yellow eyes burning with hunger as she nursed on my dick.

I groaned as she worked her mouth up and down my cock, my nuts twitching as the pressure built in them. My two half-sisters pressed their cheeks against their mother's and stared up at me with such heat in their eyes, too.

Mmm, is she sucking your cock so well, Master? Frelia asked, her voice throaty with her need.

God, yes, I groaned. She's nursing on my cock like it's her favorite thing in the world. Fuck, that's good. That's real fucking good.

Good, purred Iliasa. Mmm, now remember to share, Mother. We want to suck on our Master's cock, too. We love him as much as you do.

Mother Sianili pulled her mouth off my cock and moaned, I do love you, Master. You're as much my son as your mother's. And I am as much your slut as she is.

Yes, you are, I said then groaned as Frelia engulfed my cock. Gods damn, yes!

I savored my oldest sister sucking on my dick. While I had more sisters out there, the four who were with me right now truly felt like my sisters. I grew up with Frelia, Iliasa, Lasla, and Pyrriah. They were my family. 

And it was wonderful to have us all together. 

Frelia swirled her tongue around my cock. She nursed with such passion as Frelia and Mother Sianili watched on. I shuddered, savoring that amazing mouth bobbing away. I loved it so much. It was an incredible delight to have them nursing on me like that. Just fantastic to have them bobbing their heads. 

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's so good. That's amazing. I love it so much. Las's big dick, share!

Yes, share, Iliasa pouted.

Frelia ripped her mouth off my cock so my other sylph-sister could suckle on my dick. I groaned, loving that hot mouth engulfing my cock. It was an incredible delight. Just a hot thrill to have Iliasa sucking on me. She nursed with such passion on me, her blue eyes glowing with her delight.

I groaned as I loved how wonderful it felt. This was so real. The dream the twins had made for us was just outstanding. I loved every second of it. I savored every moment of having that hot mouth working up and down my cock. I groaned, reveling in it. This was good. Amazing. My heart pounded in my chest as I loved this passion. I savored this delight working up and down my dick.

My dick throbbed and ached. I loved this so much. I savored this hot delight working up and down my cock. My heart pounded in my chest. My brow furrowed with this delight. It was an amazing one. Her cheeks hollowed as she loved my cock.

Then she popped her mouth off my dick. Mother Sianili suckled on me with such hunger. I loved how she worked her sweet mouth up and down my dick. The motherly sylph loved my cock. She nursed with such sweet passion.

Las's big dick! I groaned.

Mmm, yes, yes, you have such a big dick, Frelia moaned.

Mother Sianili popped her mouth off my cock and moaned, So huge, Master!

Frelia nursed on my cock again. My older sister bobbed her head, working her hot lips up and down my shaft. She suckled on me with hunger. With this hot mouth that just made me shiver in delight. I loved every moment of it. This was just a hot passion to have nursing on my dick.

I groaned, loving every second of her working her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled with all that passion. All that wondrous might on my cock. I groaned, my face twisting with delight. I groaned, savoring the pleasure. 

It was outstanding. Incredible. 

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's good. That's so good. Shit, just keep doing that. Keep sucking on me like that.

She winked at me as she nursed on my dick only to pop her mouth off and moaned, You're up, Iliasa. Make him cum!

Mmm, yes, Iliasa groaned and engulfed my cock.

She suckled on me with as much passion as the other two sylphs. I loved every second of it. She swirled her tongue around my cock, swelling the pressure in my nuts. My dragon-mother and two sisters watched on, rubbing at their cunts as I savored this incestuous delight.

Iliasa passed me off to Mother Sianili who gave me to Frelia. They traded me from hot mouth to hot mouth. I groaned as the pressure in my nuts grew and grew with their every suckle. They moaned, their yellow and blue eyes staring up at me with passion.

I groaned as the pressure swelled and swelled in my nuts. The need to cum grew and grew as I went from Mother Sianili's to Frelia's to Iliasa's mouths. I trembled as I felt their lust for my cum. They wanted me to splash their faces. Just hose them down.

I groaned, getting so close to that. Just so close to that moment of erupting. 

Gods, yes, I groaned and adjusted their lusts.

Iliasa popped her mouth off my cock. Their three hands flew up and down my dick as their three faces pressed tight together, framing Mother Sianili. They stared up at me, begging with their eyes as they fisted my cock.

Cum on our faces! they moaned together. Shower us!

Oh, do it, Lasla purred. 

Yes, yes, yes, my twin sister moaned. 

Gods damn, I growled, the pressure hitting that bursting point. Yes!

My cock erupted.

I sprayed my sylph-sisters and step-mother in my pearly jizz. I groaned as the ecstasy surged out of me and slammed through my body. I groaned, savoring that rapture as I painted their faces in my seed. Over and over again my cock erupted.

My jizz splashed from Frelia, across Mother Sianili, to Iliasa. I hosed them down, drenching their features and their hair. My cum spurted over and over again. They opened their mouths wide, thrusting out their tongues to catch my spunk.

Gods damn! I snarled. You are my sluts!

They moaned in delight, their lusts quivering as I drenched them in my cum. I shuddered as I fired the last blast of jizz on Mother Sianili's face. She groaned, her tongue sweeping out to lick the cum off her lips.

Then her daughters turned and licked and lapped at their mother's features. They gathered up my spunk off Mother Sianili's face. I loved it. It was so hot seeing them gather my spunk then share it with each other.

They passed it back and forth, sharing that spunk with hunger, the three of them kissing. Mother and her two daughters just reveling in my seed. I grinned as I watched the incestuous sight. More of my cum dripped onto their breasts as they shared it.

Gods damn, I am glad to be here, I groaned.

Mmm, that is hot, Lasla said, her hips wiggling back and forth. You going to share?

Of course, he's going to share, said Pyrriah as she watched our half-sisters licking cum off Mother Sianili's cheeks and sharing it with each other. Another three-way kiss.

Yes, I am, I said, putting my hands on my sister's rumps. I squeezed Lasla and Pyrriah's asses, savoring the plumpness. This dream felt so real.

When the slphys had finished licking up my cum from their faces, I was so ready to have more fun with them. My cock ached with the need to enjoy my step-mother. I wanted to fuck her pussy. It had been months since I slid into Mother's wife's pussy. 

It was almost like I was cuckolding my dragon-mother. My dick throbbed as I said, Frelia, devour Pyrriah's cunt. I want you to make her cum.

Frelia broke the kiss with our sister and her mother. Mmm, sure, Master. I love Pyrriah's pussy.

I love your tongue, Pyrriah said. It's so wonderful to see you again.

With Oberoy and the twins, we can see them far more often, I said. Let them know what we're up to so they don't have to be worried about us.

Mmm, that would be welcomed, said Mother Sianili.

Mother, I said, feel free to fuck your daughter Iliasa's pussy. I'm sure she's missed having your cock in her as much as mine.

Yours just a teeny bit more, Master, said Iliasa, but I do so love having Mother's girl-dick in me. Mmm, fuck me so hard. It's a shame this is a dream. I would love to have your baby, too, Mother.

Yes, that would be wonderful if our Master allows it, Mother said, her clit-dick thrusting from the folds of her pussy. Here, she didn't have any manacles binding her wrists. I'm going to fuck you so hard, my delightful daughter.

Mmm, fuck her hard, my sapphire, purred Sianili, her eyes flicking up to me. And what naughty deed do you wish me to perform, Master?

Lasla has a pussy needing her mother's tongue, I said. Get to licking her out.

Yes, Master, moaned Sianili as she turned to Lasla. 

I loved the sight of the white-haired sylph nuzzling her face into her daughter's black bush. Lasla groaned and gasped, her round boob jiggling as her mother licked at her snatch. The incestuous sight was so delightful.

Pyrriah groaned as she gripped the back of Frelia's head, holding the violet-haired sylph to that yummy cunt. Mother rammed her hermaphrodite-dick into the kneeling Iliasa's pussy. Both their big boobs bounced from the force of the dragon's thrust.

I smiled at Mother Sianili's pussy dripping juices down her thighs. Her lusts burned through her as she feasts on my sister's cunt. I grinned and dropped to my knees behind the motherly sylph. My sister grinned and winked a blue eye at me.

I grinned back at my sister and pressed my dick into her mother's pussy. I savored the wet feel of my step-mother's juicy cunt. I loved that feeling as I worked my cock up and down her snatch. Her juices soaked my cock.

I thrust into her twat.

Master! she moaned as her twat devoured my dick. 

I loved the feel of her cunt around my cock. I sank to the hilt in her snatch. I loved the feel of her gripping me. That hot pussy massaged me as I drew back my cock. She moaned into her daughter's cunt. Lasla shuddered, grinding her furred muff on her mother's face.

I slammed back into Mother Sianili's cunt. I buried to the hilt in her cunt. I loved the way her pussy gripped me. She held me tight as I fucked into her snatch over and over again. My nuts slapped into her clit, the wet smacks filling the air.

Yes, yes, yes, moaned Mother as she fucked Iliasa. It's so wonderful to be back in your pussy!

I love your hermaphrodite-dick, Mother! groaned Iliasa. Ooh, ooh, just keep fucking me. Matar's big cock, that's so good!

Frelia! Frelia! Pyrriah moaned, her red hair flicking with light. Ooh, my big sis knows how to eat my pussy.

Of course I do, Frelia purred. Now you just enjoy this!

Frelia! squealed Pyrriah.

I grinned at that as I pumped away at Mother Sianili's cunt. I fucked into her pussy again and again. I buried to the hilt in her snatch, loving the way her twat gripped me. She held me tight as I fucked into her snatch over and over again.

She moaned, her hips wiggling from side to side, stirring her twat around my dick. She massaged me with that amazing pussy. The sylph's cunt felt so wondrous around my cock. She loved it, too, her pleasure building fast in her as she devoured her daughter's cunt.

Lasla threw back her head. Her round tits jiggled before me as she enjoyed her mother's hungry mouth. Lasla gripped a fistful of her mother's white hair as she ground her furred muff on Mother Sianili's face.

Oh, Mother, yes! groaned Lasla. Oh, that's so good. I love that hot tongue stroking my snatch. Just keep licking at me. Just lap at me with that hungry mouth. I love it.

Such a yummy pussy, Mother Sianili moaned, her pussy clenching down on my cock. She held me tight with her hot twat. I loved how she gripped me. It was an incredible rush to fuck her hard and fast. Just such a powerful thrill to fuck her hard.

I pounded her with force. I buried into her cunt again and again. I loved that pleasure gripping my cock. I savored how she massaged my dick with my every thrust into her twat. I plowed into her again and again. My nuts slapped into her twat. Her clit.

Pleasure burst through her every time my balls smacked her bud. She moaned into my sister's cunt. Mother Sianili squeezed her pussy around my cock, her orgasm building and building. I loved it. Lasla climbed towards her climax, too.

Mother! she groaned. Ooh, just like that. Feast on me just like that! You're going to make me cum!

Good, Mistress, her mother moaned. Mmm, that's such a yummy cunt. Yes, yes, and such an amazing cock! Master!

Cum on that dick, gasped Lasla.

Yes, yes, cum on him, Mother Sianili, whimpered Pyrriah, her red hair growing brighter and brighter. She humped her furred muff against Frelia's licking tongue.

Matar's big cock, moaned my dragon-mother as she fucked my half-sister. 

Yes! Iliasa quivered on the ground, taking her mother's dick, her big boobs swaying back and forth. Gods, yes!

I savored the orgasm building around me. All but poor Frelia were climbing towards their climaxes. I shuddered, savoring this heat swelling in me. I tossed my head back and forth as I enjoyed this delight.

I fucked into Mother Sianili, savoring the pleasures swelling around me. The gasps and moans of my women. My family writhed together in incestuous passion. I loved the slap of flesh. The smell of hot pussies. 

This dream was amazing.

Yes, yes, yes, Lasla groaned. Ooh, that's good. That's so good. I love it, Mother! 

Cum on her, I groaned. Cum on her, Lasla! Gods damn, that'll be hot!

It will! moaned Lasla. Las's big dick. I... I... Yes!

Lasla bucked as she came.

Her pussy juices gushed out and bathed her mother's mouth. The sylph's cunt clenched about my thrusting dick as I buried into her twat. I plowed to the hilt in her as Lasla's moans echoed through our home. 

And she wasn't the only one to burst with delight. Pyrriah's red hair exploded into fiery hues. Gewin's mighty cock! she gasped as she came on Frelia's mouth. Yes!

Pyrrha's round tits bounced as she shuddered on Frelia's mouth. I loved that sight as I pumped away at Mother Sianili's cunt. Iliasa gasped next. She threw back her head as she came on our dragon-mother's girl-dick.

Mother! squealed the busty sylph. Cum in me, Mother!

Iliasa! Mother moaned as she buried her hermaphrodite-dick into Iliasa's twat. Take it!

Mother erupted. Her girl-cum flooded my sister's pussy. I savored that as I buried into Mother Sianili's cunt. The sylph's snatch gripped my dick before she burst into convulsions. Her hot cunt spasmed around my cock, all of them cumming now.

I buried my cock to the hilt in my step-mother's writhing pussy. She moaned into her daughter's cunt. Lasla moaned, her head tossing. This was all so hot. I loved it as I hit that amazing peak of pleasure and exploded.

Yes! she moaned into her daughter's cunt. Master's cum!

Flood my mother's twat! my sister moaned, her round tits bouncing. Yes, yes, and drink my cunt cream!

So good! Mother Sianili gasped. Yes, yes, yes!

Her cunt writhed around my dick as I pumped blast after blast of cum into her twat. I loved the way the pleasure swept through my body. I shuddered, my cock erupting again and again. It was an amazing delight to have her suckling at me.

The others were moaning and groaning. Mother dumped her hermaphrodite-cum into Iliasa's pussy. Pyrriah quivered on Frelia's mouth. I loved it as I pumped the last blast of my cum into Mother Sianili's cunt. I shuddered as the pleasure shot through me.

This dream was amazing. I was eager to have more fun. 

Frelia, you need to cum, I said. Good thing my dick is ready for your ass! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana

As my son rammed his cock into my older daughter's asshole, I dropped to my knees between my wife's legs. She was dripping with Kurtis's cum. I licked my lips as my wife smiled at me. It was so wonderful to see her again.

I've missed you so much, my windy wisp, I said. We had been together for so long. Lifetimes of moving about before Ziryihm found us the island where we could settle down and raise our family of sylphs.

Maybe that was why I fell in love with a sylph. Any other of the hermaphroditic raceselves, gnomes, nixies, or dragonsand our children would be dragons. But sylphs always bred sylphs. They were hermaphrodites technically. They just never had cocks. 

Either way, she owned my heart. The one part of me my son didn't own. 

I've been so worried about you, my sapphire, Sianili purred. She smiled at me. But I see you are doing well.

Things are so complicated, but... I could feel my lusts swelling. My son wants me to lick his cum out of your pussy. I can feel him playing with my desires.

Mmm, yes, I can, too, said Sianili, her lips dripping with Lasla's cunt cream.

I ducked my head down and buried my face into my wife's shaved pussy. I loved the lavender aroma of her juices. I licked at her twat and gathered her flowery cream and my son's salty cum. The incestuous thrill of eating his jizz out of her made my hermaphrodite-dick throb.

I slid my hands beneath my wife's rump and feasted on the creampie my son had left in her. It was such a wild delight to lick his cum out of any woman's pussy, but my wife was always so special. His was the only other cock that had been in her cunt.

That made this extra naughty for me.

I licked and lapped at my wife's juicy pussy with hunger, gathering that salty cum that dribbled out of her cunt. Those lavender pussy juices just made this even better. I feasted on her, savoring that wonderful treat. 

She groaned, humping her face against my lips. She squeezed her thighs around my head as I lapped at her. My clit-cock throbbed with my aching passion to fuck my wife. I licked up the cum and cream instead.

I feasted on her. Cleaned her snatch. She moaned and humped her wet pussy against my lips. Her silky folds massaged my mouth as I lapped at her. I brushed her clit. She gasped and moaned, her head tossing from side to side.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned as I feasted on her cunt, my pussy dripping juices down my hermaphrodite-dick. Oh, my sapphire, that's so delicious!

Mmm, I'm glad you enjoy, my windy whips! I purred.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy's depths. I swirled around and mixed her lavender juices with my son's salty cum. Then I licked the two delights out of her cunt. her cunt. I reveled in that. I loved how delicious she tasted.

She groaned, squeezing her thighs around my face. She held me tight with those sleek legs as my hungry mouth devoured all the cunt cream and salty spunk I could find. She whimpered, her small tits quivering.

Azuliana! she whimpered.

Mmm, drown me in your pussy cream! I moaned.

Getting there, my sapphire!

I swirled my tongue around in her cunt and scooped out all the jizz I could find. My son's spunk vanished into my mouth. I probed around in my wife, tasting only lavender cream. I groaned and flicked my tongue to her clit. 

She bucked as I nursed on her bud. I squeezed her rump, wanting to drown in her cunt cream. To have all that wonderful juices gushing out and bathing my mouth. That would be an incredible delight. I craved it so much.

She trembled and whimpered, her moans growing louder and louder. Her gorgeous face contorted. Her white hair danced in the air. She gasped out in delight as I nibbled on her clit. My hermaphrodite-dick throbbed and ached.

Matar's big cock! she squealed.

Her pussy juices gushed out and bathed my mouth. I loved the way she drowned me in her pussy cream. It was a thrill. I gulped down her cunt cream. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. I loved the flavor of her juices.

They were so amazing to revel in.

I licked and lapped at her cunt with such passion as she gushed out more and more of her lavender juices. She moaned, her body bucking from the pleasure of her orgasm. My hermaphrodite-cock ached to bury into her pussy and make her explode.

Azuliana! she moaned Oh, Azuliana! I need your clit-cock in me. I need you to be one with my wife again!

Yes! I moaned and rose up Sianili's body.

She grabbed my cock and pulled me to her pussy. I shuddered at the feel of my wife's bare twat against the tip of my hermaphrodite-dick once again. She rubbed me up and down her soaked slit as I pressed my big boobs into her small tits. 

I kissed my wife with lips drenched in her lavender pussy juices. She moaned as she pressed my cock right to the entrance of her twat. I shuddered and thrust into cunt. It was amazing to be in my wife's pussy once more. It was just such a thrill to have her cunt filling me up. I shuddered as I bottomed out in her. 

I quivered in delight. This wonderful heat swept through me. It was such a thrill to sink into her silky twat once more. As much as I had loved fucking our daughter Iliasa, this was where my cock truly belonged. Inside my windy wisp.

Sianili moaned into my lips as I bottomed out in her. She gripped me with her hot cunt. She held me tight with her pussy. It was such an amazing delight to have her cunt gripping my dick. I loved the way she held me.

I drew back.

She moaned even louder into my lips.

Her hot twat massaged my cock as I thrust back into her pussy. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I fucked her with such passion. She whimpered beneath me, her petite form quivering as my clit-cock plowed into her depths.

She gripped my hermaphrodite-dick as I fucked her hard and fast. I loved it. I loved every second of her delicious snatch gripping me. She held me tight is buried into her again and again. I fucked her with such hard strokes.

She broke the kiss and gasped out, Oh, sapphire! Yes, yes, that's so good!

Mmm, I purred, rubbing my nose into my wife's. You going to cum on your wife's big dick?

Always, she moaned, her hands sliding down my rump to squeeze my ass. Always cum on your big hermaphrodite-dick.

Matar's big cock, that's wonderful, I moaned, my big boobs rubbing on her small tits.

Our nipples brushed. Sparks flared.

I loved that.

I kissed her again. My lips melted to her mouth. She groaned, thrusting her tongue into my mouth. It was such a wild delight. I shuddered with such force. It was an amazing treat to feel her girl-dick plowing into me. She fucked me hard.

She thrust into me with such force. Such passion. She gripped my dick with that hot snatch. I groaned, my tongue dancing with hers. She dug her fingers into my asscheeks. She held me tight as I pumped away at her.

The pressure at the tip of my cock grew and grew with every plunge into her cunt. Every thrust into her pussy massaged the tip of my hermaphrodite-dick. I groaned as her hot flesh massaged me. She had such an amazing delight. Such a wondrous twat.

My ovaries brimmed with my cum that I would fire into her.

Our son and daughters groaned around us. Their passion filled the air as I drove my cock into my wife's pussy again and again. I savored that hot snatch squeezing around me. It was such a wondrous moment to feel that amazing snatch gripping me.

Massaging me.

I buried to the hilt in her, the pressure growing in my ovaries. I slammed my hermaphrodite-dick to the hilt in her snatch, reveling in this passion. Her hot pussy gripped me. Massaged me. I savored that heat gripping my dick.

I loved the way she massaged me. It was an incredible delight to have her cunt massaging my dick. I groaned, savoring that heat as I plowed into her twat. It was an incredible delight to have her pussy gripping my dick.

I broke the kiss and gasped, Gods damn, I'm going to erupt!

Oh, yes, yes, just keep slamming into me! she moaned. I'm so close. Matar's big cock! Yes!

I plowed to the hilt in my wife's cunt as she bucked beneath me. Her pussy went wild around my cock. I shuddered at the thrill of her snatch suckling at my hermaphrodite-cock. Her flesh spasmed around me, milking me.

Gods damn! I gasped as my sweet Sianili's cunt rippled around my clit-dick. 

Cum in me, my sapphire! she moaned, her cunt rippling around my dick. Her yellow eyes stared up at me as her cunt writhed around my dick.

I buried to the hilt in her cunt and erupted. It was such a thrill to pump my cum into her twat. I fired blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. It was an incredible delight to flood her with all that spunk. I groaned, erupting over and over again.

I flooded her snatch with all the jizz that I had in my ovaries. I erupted again and again, the ecstasy shooting through my cunt while the rapture washed out of my writhing snatch. I gasped out in delight as she nursed at me.

Oh, yes, yes, Sianili gasped, her pussy suckling at my girl-cock. That's wonderful. Oh, I love that so much! Yes, yes, just keep flooding me with your cum!

I kissed her as I pumped more and more hermaphrodite-jizz into my wife's cunt. She rippled around me, suckling at me with such hunger. I quivered on her, reveling in this passion. It was an incredible delight to enjoy every second of this.

My orgasm burst out of me one more time as I fired a final spurt of cum into my wife's snatch. She whimpered beneath me, my big boobs rubbing into her small ones. I loved this so much. I groaned as our tongues danced.

This was such a wonderful moment. 

I was so happy here. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I wanted to enjoy my sisters more. Frelia, you are going to ride my cock while Iliasa, I want that twat planted on my mouth.

Both my big sisters grinned at me.

You are such a mean Master to make me do that, moaned Iliasa. Just so terrible to force me to ride your face and cum so hard. 

I grinned. Iliasa liked to be forced. She got off if she pretended she had no choice. She was a kinky one. Frelia was just used to being the oldest child of our family. But she had learned to submit to me, too.

I'll ride your cock so hard, Master, Frelia said. Mmm, while playing with Iliasa's big boobs.
Oh, no, that's terrible that Master would force you to grope my tits. We're sisters. Iliasa squeezed her big tits, her lusts burning so hot through her. Just such a wicked brother.

Yep, I said, winking at my sister. Now come and sit on my face.

Yes, Master, she moaned as I stretched out on my back.

Iliasa's big boobs jiggled as she moved to me. She threw her lithe, pale thigh over my head. Her hairless pussy appeared. The spicy, cinnamon scent of her cunt filled my nose as she lowered her twat to my lips. She planted her cunt right on my mouth.

I groaned as I licked at my older sister's pussy. I tongued her twat as Frelia straddled my waist. She grabbed my dick and lifted me to her shaved pussy. My eldest sister didn't hesitate to plunge her hot cunt down my dick.

I groaned into Iliasa's as that hot snatch devoured my cock. It was a thrill to feel my sister's pussy around my dick as I tongued our other's sister's snatch. I licked up those cinnamon-spicy juices beading Iliasa's cunt.

She moaned, her butt-clenching. Her lusts spilled through her. Master!

Mmm, yes, yes, enjoy his tongue, sister, Frelia moaned as she slid her pussy up my dick.

Gods damn, I groaned at that hot, massaging delight.

She had such a wondrous twat. Her cunt squeezed about me. She held me tight as she reached the pinnacle of my dick. Then she slammed back down me. She took my cock with such passion. I loved this. I savored that wondrous twat working up and down my shaft.

My sister rode me as I tongued Iliasa's cinnamon-flavored cunt. I licked at her folds, savoring the spicy flavor of her cunt. She groaned, her white hair spilling down her back. She quivered as I thrust my tongue into her depths.

I danced around in her as I savored Frelia slamming her cunt down my cock. She gripped my dick with her silky snatch. I reveled in the forbidden delight of my big sister's twat working up and down my shaft.

Master! Frelia moaned. Oh, Master, I have missed this cock so much.

Mmm, yes, moaned Iliasa. You are forcing me to be such a dirty whore again. You're so mean, Master! Just so mean! Ooh, I love that tongue dancing in my cunt! You're stirring me up!

I loved the flavor of her twat. I licked and lapped at her twat. She groaned, squirming around on my cock. She tossed her head, her hair dancing. Her butt-cheeks clenched as her cunt clamped down on my tongue.

I slid my tongue out of her cunt to lick at her folds. Her clit. She moaned as I did that. Her pleasure rippled through her, her orgasm building. So did Frelia's as she worked her cunt up and down my dick. She squeezed about me with that hot twat of hers.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Matar's big dick, I love your cock in me, Master!

Show it by cumming hard on my dick! I growled into our sister's pussy.
I will! 
She squeezed her twat around my dick. She had such a hot twat. I loved the feel of her snatch. It was an amazing cunt to feel working up and down my cock. Just a delicious snatch riding my dick. I groaned into Iliasa's twat. 

She gripped my cock with such hunger. I loved the way she did that. She held me tight, working her snatch up and down my dick. It was such an incredible passion. I groaned, savoring her juicy snatch bringing me closer and closer to cumming.

I licked at Iliasa's cunt. My tongue dragged through her folds. I brushed her bud. She gasped and trembled at the contact. Her back arched. She ground her twat on my mouth. She licked and lapped at me with such passion. It was an incredible delight to enjoy.

Master! Master! Iliasa whimpered as she came closer to her orgasm. Oh, your mouth feels so amazing on my clit.

I bet it does, purred Frelia. Are you going to cum like a little slut on our brother's mouth?

He's making me be such a little slut! whimpered Iliasa. I have no choice. His mouth just feels so amazing licking and lapping at my clit.

Mmm, then burst on him, purred my eldest sister, her cunt squeezing about my cock. Just cum so hard on his mouth.

Yes! squealed Iliasa.

I suckled on her clit, nursing on her bud and enjoying the spicy flavor of her cunt juices. They soaked my taste buds as she squirmed on me. The pressure grew at the tip of my cock as Frelia worked her snatch up and down me.

She brought me closer and closer to cumming. To bursting with delight. It was such a wondrous moment of passion. I savored this so much as my tongue danced around Iliasa's clit. My nuts tightened with that big load of cum.

Just such a mighty burst of jizz.

My women moaned around me. Pyrriah and Lasla were sharing some naughty passion while Mother fucked her wife so hard. It was such a thrill to hear all these passions. My family was together thanks to the dream.

Thanks to Oberoy.

I was glad that I brought him along.

I nibbled on Iliasa's clit. She whimpered as Frelia's pussy impaled down my cock. Both my sisters were so close to cumming, but Iliasa would climax first. I suckled hard on her clit. She whimpered and squirmed on my face.

I suckled hard on Iliasa's clit as the pressure in my balls hurtled towards that bursting point. I groaned at that, so ready to just explode. I nibbled on her bud. She groaned, her back arching. Then she gasped as she came.

Her pussy juices gushed out of her cunt. I drowned in her spicy, cinnamon cream. I licked and lapped at her twat as Frelia worked her cunt up and down my dick The pressure grew and grew in my nuts. That need to erupt growing faster as Frelia slammed her cunt down my cock.

Master! she gasped and climaxed.

Her hot pussy writhed around my cock. She suckled at me with such hunger. It was an incredible moment to have her twat suckling at my dick. I loved my sister's wet flesh nursing at me. Her cream gushed out and bathed my balls.

Master! she gasped.

Oh, yes, yes, such a naughty Master! moaned Iliasa as she squirmed on my mouth.

I licked at her cunt as the pressure in my balls burst. I erupted into Frelia's cunt.

Blast after blast of my jizz fired into her twat. I groaned as I bucked through the pleasure. Ecstasy howled through my body and drowned my mind. The pleasure burst across my vision. I licked up Iliasa's cinnamon cream as I flooded Frelia's cunt.

I spurted over and over into her snatch. My big sister moaned in delight as her cunt milked my dick. She trembled on me as her cunt rippled around me. I loved that hot massage as my balls unloaded in her cunt.

Las's big dick, I moaned into Iliasa's cunt. Yes, yes, that's amazing. Gods damn, that's wondrous!'
It is, Frelia moaned as her cunt wrung my dick dry.

Master, Iliasa purred as she squirmed on my mouth. Oh, Master, this is a wonderful dream.

Yes, it is, I groaned, savoring this pleasure. I wanted to enjoy more of this.

I wanted this night to never end. It was wonderful to enjoy my family once more. 

To be continued...