Neighbors
byGiraffan12©

Neighbors Ch. 01

Trevor listened. It had become a routine of his. The apartments in his four-plex were occupied by other married couples. His wife, Sarah, would leave early in the morning for work, which left him to "Work from home". His work was easy, and he was usually done within a few hours, giving him a lot of time to listen in on the other couples. The couple who lived on the second story, sharing a wall with them, were in the habit of sharing a shower in the morning, and not being too quiet about it. Trevor pushed his ear against the shower wall and imagined how they were going about it.

The neighbors, Ashley and Josh, were nice people. Josh was well over 6 feet tall with blonde hair and blue eyes the kind of guy you see in a chick flick. He was not especially ripped or athletic, but healthy, and definitely took care of himself. Ashley was not unattractive either, but she wasn't necessarily a head turner. About 5' 9" small b-cup(ish) breasts, wide hips, and shoulder length blonde hair.

The sounds in the shower were getting Trevor worked up. The moaning wasn't super loud, but it was distinctly the sound of sexual activity. He found himself rubbing his cock through his sweatpants. He wondered if she was facing him with her leg up on the side of the tub, or maybe Josh had her bent over and he was taking her from behind. This particular time seemed more active than usual, and Trevor was getting frustrated. He wanted to see.

Racking his brain, he thought of maybe trying to sneak into their apartment, but that seemed much too risky. Could he drill a hole through and play it off? No that would be too obvious. Suddenly he looked up and noticed the air vent that sat above the shower. Of course, they would have one too...

Trevor grabbed a step stool and climbed up. The ceilings were low, so he didn't have to stretch too much to get to it. He removed the fan assembly, unplugging it and setting it down, and then poking his head into the vacant hole in the ceiling.

The hole was small, he could fit the top of his head into it with no problems but that was as far as he could go. The frustration was building when he remembered a camera Sarah had bought to try and fix a plumbing problem they had had a while ago.

He hurried into their room and opened a drawer on Sarah's nightstand. Bingo. He grabbed it and quickly hooked it to his phone, choosing the app and testing the camera. It actually gave a very clear picture.

He wasted no time. Poking the scope through a hole in the side of the fan housing, he turned on the flashlight end of the endoscope. There it was, the neighbor's fan, and it seemed that it was in the same location. He snaked the scope in further and further until he could see the light bleeding through. He turned the flashlight end off and pushed the scope into the neighbor's fan housing. Pressing record on the app.

He could see into the bathroom but the scope was pointing the wrong direction. Instead of pointing down into the shower it was pointing towards the bathroom door through the slats in the fan cover. He wiggled and turned the scope until it finally pointed down.

His heart was beating so fast, and he was trying not to shake too much. The first thing he saw was Josh's head and body from the waist up. The slats made it difficult to see anything else. He pushed his ear against the wall as he watched the live feed on his phone. He could see Josh saying something to Ashley, but he couldn't see her. Moving the scope just a little more he was finally able to see a woman on her knees, Josh's hands on either side of her head, thrusting into her mouth. However, looking down at the top of her head, it wasn't shoulder length blonde hair he saw. But jet-black hair that fell down her back.

Her skin was a dark brown and she was much shorter and more petite than Ashley. Trevor stood there shocked, "No." He whispered to himself, "No way."

There, kneeling in the shower sucking their neighbor's cock. Was Sarah.

Sarah's 5' 0" petite frame was unmistakable. Her dark brown Latina skin was the dead giveaway. Trevor was floored. He shakily set the camera down. In anger he went to the front door to go and stop what was happening, but stopped with his hand on the doorknob.

How was he going to explain that he knew she was there? They wouldn't have answered to a knock. The camera was still sticking out of the fan, which was incriminating. He glanced outside and saw that Sarah's car was gone, he assumed she parked it somewhere else. Ashley's car was also gone, meaning she was most likely unaware of the situation in her bathroom at this moment. Trevor returned to the bathroom.

He slowly picked up his phone and looked at the screen.

Sarah was now bent over, hands against the wall. Josh was fucking her from behind with hands on her hips. The location of the fan gave Trevor a very clear view of Josh's cock going in and out of Sarah's pussy. He wanted to put the phone down and forget what he saw, but something about the scene grabbed his attention. He couldn't look away.

He was jealous, and angry, but watching his wife like this affected him in a way that he hated. His cock was rock hard and he started to touch it without thinking, while watching the neighbor take his wife.

Sarah was moaning. He could hear it through the wall. After a few minutes like this, Josh pulled his cock out of Sarah, giving Trevor the first unobstructed view of Josh's cock. It looked very big, and Trevor was sure that Josh had at least three inches on Trevor's six.

Sarah stood up, smiling seductively at Josh. It pained Trevor to see, but that other feeling crept in as well. She pressed her body against his. Josh grabbed her ass hard and ground his hard cock on her stomach. He then picked her up and started bouncing her on his cock. Her arms around his neck. After a few minutes of this new position, Josh leaned in and whispered something into her ear. She smiled as he set her down.

Dropping to her knees, she took hold of his cock and started jerking him furiously as he grunted. Caressing his balls with one hand, licking the underside of his shaft, sucking a testicle into her mouth every few strokes. Trevor watched, shocked, as Josh unloaded his hot semen onto Sarah's face, something she told Trevor that she would never do and was not into.

The sight was too much and Trevor came, as he turned his head away in sadness.

The rest of the feed showed Sarah and Josh finish showering, talking conversationally. Then they got dressed and Sarah left. Trevor went to the front window and watched through the blinds as she went down the stairs outside and walked down the sidewalk toward where he supposed she had parked the car.

Josh went into the bedroom and laid down on the bed. He couldn't believe what was happening to him. He stared at the wedding picture on his nightstand. Soon his curiosity got to him again and he pulled his phone out. Starting the video he had recorded. Soon he was masturbating to the reality of another, better endowed, man taking his wife. The enjoyment she got out of it was so erotic and arousing to him. He had never experienced arousal like this before.

After cumming again, he laid there unsure what to do. He got up and went into the bathroom. Coiling up the cord for the endoscope, he placed the plug end up in the ceiling, and replaced the fan assembly. He cleaned any dust that may have fallen from it and then went to his computer desk to get some extra work done.

Sarah came home from work and Trevor acted like nothing was any different. When she may have noticed some differences in his usual demeanor, he just told her that it was stress from work. She came over and sat next to him.

"Is working from home going to work for you?" She said in a sweet tone, he remembered why he had fallen for her. She was always so thoughtful but also had that stereotypical fiery Latina attitude. He looked into her almost feline brown eyes.

"Yeah, it's not the working from home part, it's just work as usual. It didn't really change that much when they decided I should work from home," he said as he reached out and put an arm around her, "I'm nowhere near my breaking point, don't worry."

She gave him a long kiss and nestled her head against his shoulder, "I appreciate the hard work you do for us, and I'm glad we both have good jobs."

The images from the shower flashed in his mind suddenly and his heart jumped in his chest. He started to get closer to Sarah, kissing her again, and placing a hand on her waist. She kissed him back passionately and straddled him. She pulled off his shirt. Then worked on unbuttoning her blouse. The tension that Trevor had been feeling all day was being manifest in his horniness. He rubbed her crotch roughly through the black work pants that fit her so well. Her breathing became faster through her nose, as their lips were still locked, her tongue dancing in and out of his mouth. She shed her blouse, revealing a black bra and her flat stomach. Trevor always loved the way her dark skin looked pressed against him.

He undid her pants, reaching in through the open fly and pushing two fingers against her pussy through her panties. Her hips responded to him, humping against his fingers, as she let out a small moan. She stood in front of him and took off her pants. Then unclasped her bra, letting it fall. Showing her small perky tits with very dark nipples and areola. Wearing just her black panties, she knelt in front of him and undid his jeans. She reached in and fished his cock out through the undone pants. Licking it softly, rubbing it slowly. Trevor remembered seeing Josh use her mouth this morning. As she put the head into her mouth and started bobbing on his cock, he put a hand on the back of her head and moved his hips up to meet her downward sucking. After a few seconds she reached up and moved his hand.

She looked at him, "You know I don't like that."

"Sorry, heat of the moment." He said coyly.

She shook her head and continued the blowjob. She had never been very passionate about this part, but he knew she did it because he liked it. After a no more than a minute or two she looked at him and said,

"I need you inside of me! I want your cock soo bad."

The look she gave him made his cock jump in excitement. He stood up and pulled his jeans down. Looking down at his cock, he remembered Josh's monster cock and suddenly felt a little self-conscious. Sarah peeled off her black panties, showing her perfect, completely shaved, vagina. Trevor loved the shape of it. That little hairpin curve with her clit nestled into it. He had seen nice pussies in porn, but his wife's was his absolute favorite.

She pushed him back down onto the couch, and straddled him again. Reaching down between them, she grabbed his shaft. Sliding down onto it with a small moan. Trevor never got tired of her hot wet pussy sliding onto his cock. She always got wet so quickly, and it made sex happen easily.

His cock was very hard, and he could feel Sarah responding to the extra stiffness of it. He watched her pussy envelop his cock over and over, then he remembered that this was the second cock she had taken today. He pictured Josh's 9-inch member sliding in and out of her, and remembered how he used her. Before he could tear his thoughts away, he was finishing. Blowing a load inside of his wife after only a couple of minutes.

"Sorry, it was just so hot, I tried to hold it in," He said.

She smiled at him, "It's ok babe, I know it happens sometimes." She stood up and his cock slid out of her.

"Do you want me to help you finish? I don't want you to be unsatisfied." He said looking at her firm ass as she walked to the bathroom.

"No, I'm actually not unsatisfied, I feel like I got what I needed today." She said.


Neighbors Ch. 02

It had been a week, and Trevor had fallen into a new routine. His wife, Sarah, would "leave for work", but instead of sleeping longer, he would hop out of bed the second he heard the front door close, watch her get into her car, and drive off. He would watch out the window until he saw the neighbor's wife, Ashley, leave for work. Then he would watch Sarah sneak back and go into the next-door apartment.

Josh was already in the shower each morning. Trevor would take the fan down in his bathroom, retrieve cord for his endoscope camera, plug it in, and watch on his phone. Sarah would walk in, get naked, and commence pleasing Josh with her hands and mouth. He was very dominant with her. Something she had always been averse to whenever Trevor had tried to get even a little rough.

This morning was no different. Josh was thrusting his 9-inch cock into Sarah's open mouth, as if it were no different from her pussy, as she moaned in pleasure around his shaft the entire time. Trevor just couldn't understand how his wife was so different sexually with another man than she was with her own husband.

Sarah stood up, putting a leg up on the side of the tub, gripping his dick, and pulling him into her pussy. She was much shorter than he was, so he had to squat down pretty low. Making his thrusts up into her more violent because of how he was angled. It was all Sarah could do to hang on until Josh just picked her up and moved her back and forth on his cock like she was a little Latina sex toy. Then, pinning her against the wall, with his arms under her legs, he jackhammered her pussy, throwing her into an intense orgasm.

She moaned loudly, Trevor could hear clearly through the wall how much she was enjoying this, and had been slowly jerking his cock the whole time. He had watched them do this every weekday for an entire week, and it still turned him on so much each time. He hated that so much, and he hated the situation he was in. Still not knowing how to confront her, but also knowing, deep down, that he didn't want to.

Josh set her down. She knelt, looking up at him, looking so small next to his over 6' frame. He rests his hard cock on her face, covering one of her eyes with the head, and thrusting his hips a little bit. He then lifts his shaft up and puts his balls into her waiting mouth. She licks and sucks them until he steps back and blows his load all over her face.

Josh always helped her up when they were done. They would chat, but it was hard to make out what they were saying through the wall. Trevor made a mental note to purchase a microphone of some sort so he could also hear them.

This had become Trevor's life. Watch his wife get taken roughly each morning, go throughout his day until she came home, and pretend like everything was normal. She was very good at that part too. She would still have sex with him every few days as if nothing was different, besides the fact that she would have less and less orgasms each time. After 5 years of marriage, he could tell when she was faking it. To be fair, he wasn't lasting as long as usual either.

Much of what she did was still a mystery to Trevor. How was she able to go to work so late? How long had this been going on? What were her conversations with Josh about? He wanted answers, but was too worried about the fallout of confronting Sarah.

Trevor had been doing some research on microphones when he stumbled upon a thread in a forum that talked about an app that could be installed on a smartphone which allowed someone to remotely listen to the microphone or watch the camera, even listening to phone calls and receiving GPS coordinates. Sarah was not tech savvy at all, and this seemed like a perfect workaround for a microphone. She would have no clue. So, one Saturday, while she was taking an afternoon nap, he installed it on her phone and did some tests. It worked exactly as he had hoped. He could hardly wait for Monday. Having sound would heighten his enjoyment so much. Sarah was always such a dirty talker and he was curious if that was the case here.

That morning came and he watched, like usual, Ashley leaves, a few minutes later, Sarah arrives back. Trevor's cock was already hard in anticipation, he activated the microphone as she walked in the door. There was a little bit of scuffling because the phone was in her bag, but he could make out their conversation fine. He went to the bathroom and plugged his phone into the camera, but the light wasn't even on in the bathroom yet.

"Not out of bed yet Josh?" her voice came through

Josh groaned, it sounded like she had literally walked in on him sleeping.

"I had a late night, must have slept through my alarm." He mumbled sleepily.

The bed creaked like someone was getting on it, "I'll just have to help wake you up I guess," Sarah said in a drawn-out sexual way.

Trevor couldn't believe this, in the little over a week he had been watching them, it was like clockwork. Josh would get in the shower and Sarah would show up to join him. He felt immense frustration that he couldn't see them, but he was glad that he had at least thought to bug Sarah's phone and could hear them.

Josh chuckled.

"You suck so much better than Ashley, or any girl I've ever been with." Came his voice after some silence.

Sarah giggled, "It feels so naughty to suck your cock in the bed you sleep in with your wife."

"We do more than sleep here," He laughed.

The bed started to creak, but not rhythmically like sex, more sporadically. They giggled and laughed; Trevor assumed that they were wrestling around. The creaking stopped and Sarah giggled softly then started to moan.

"Have you ever had it 'eaten from the back'?" Trevor said.

"Mmmmmm, is that what they call this?" she crooned through her moans.

She yelped and laughed, "Did you just lick my ass?!" She yelped again.

Josh laughed slowly, "Mmmhmmm, when are you going to let me do more than lick it?"

Trevor's heart sank, she had never let him fuck her ass, and when he had ever even broached the subject, she responded with a very firm NO. He held his breath listening intently, not rubbing or stroking just in silence. Then after what felt like an hour;

Sarah scoffed, "Not today. Maybe never."

They went silent for a minute and then the bed started creaking, this time it was the fast cadence of fucking that Trevor would recognize anywhere. He still listened, unsure.

She moaned through each thrust, "Mmmm, I love when you fuck my pussy with that huge cock, it's so much bigger than Trevor's and I can't get enough of it!"

To Trevor's surprise he couldn't hold it in anymore. He ejaculated hard, harder than he thought he was going to. He shot semen across the bathroom, and his cock continued to throb, shooting spurt after spurt. Having saved up over the weekend. He was shocked and humiliated, but hearing Sarah acknowledge him while another man was taking her pussy just put him over the edge quickly.

He sat and listened to the rest. They didn't talk much more after that, just hard and fast thrusting until they finished together a few minutes later.

They didn't really talk much after. It sounded like Sarah left the room for a minute. Then,

"See you tomorrow?"

"Definitely," was Josh's reply.

******

Trevor continued to listen as Sarah left the apartment. She walked to the car, which took her a couple of minutes. She must just drive to the next row of apartments each morning. The car started and her music came on.

Trevor had wondered how she was working this out at the bank she worked at. She was just a teller. Not management or anything, so he didn't know how she was getting away with showing up late every day. Most jobs would fire you for being so unreliable. This was his chance to get answers.

He put the phone on his desk and kept listening while he did some work. He didn't want to fall behind on work, or he would have to explain what he was doing every day. He heard the car stop on Sarah's end and then the car door as she got out. She walked in; coworkers were greeting her. A woman's voice who Trevor recognized as Sarah's supervisor, Jill, said,

"Richard would like to see you in his office."

Trevor remembered Richard from some work parties that they had been to together. He was the branch manager, an older guy, maybe mid-late 60's, dry sense of humor, and also liked to control situations. Sarah would talk about how he micromanaged them a lot, even on things that didn't matter. As if he couldn't find something better to do, or got bored in his office. To Trevor, he seemed like the guy who stuck around enough years and became manager by default, not really leadership material, but passable.

"Ok, I'll be right there." She told Jill.

Trevor heard tapping all of a sudden, and realized it was Sarah typing on her phone. Like when you were talking on speakerphone, and the person on the other side started texting.

It was just ambient noise until Trevor heard a door open, he was glad that she had put her phone in her pocket.

"Sarah, come in." he heard Richard say.

The door closed, and he heard Sarah sit down.

"How was your therapy session this morning?" He said.

"It was good, thank you, I'm glad I'm able to go every morning and that the bank allows me." She said with a thankful tone.

"I'm happy to hear it, uh..." he rustled some papers, "What was your therapist's name again?"

"Dr. Harmon, his office is on First Street." She said.

"I thought so," He paused, "Then would you like to explain why you haven't been going there each morning?"

Sarah paused, "Um...excuse me?"

"I learned not to trust anyone based solely on their word, this company has made an exception for you and I wanted to be sure," He paused, "I have watched the entrances of Dr. Harmon's office for the last week, and you haven't been there a single time. Can I see the Doctor's notes you are supposed to bring?"

Sarah seemed caught off guard, "I....It's none of your business. I'm pretty sure I have confidentiality with my therapist."

"Fine, you go with that, and I'll go with my argument, let's go see HR." His chair creaked as he stood up.

Sarah grunted, "Ugh, what are you talking about?! I haven't done anything!"

He clicked his tongue, "Young lady, I think you doth protest too much."

Trevor heard the sound of the door opening, a long pause, then Sarah's defeated voice, "Please,"

The door closed, and Richard chuckled.

"Why prolong the inevitable Sarah, we both know that you aren't going to last here like this."

Sarah's voice cracked a little, "Give me another chance."

It hurt Trevor to hear his wife like this, but a very small part of him felt like she deserved it after what she had been doing. Richard was an asshole, and kind of creepy for what he did, but he did catch her in a lie. Trevor would have fired an employee who did this same thing.

Richard's voice sounded close, he sighed as a chair squeaked, "Why should I do that? How can I know you aren't going to do this again?"

"I promise," her sad voice came through, "I'll be here every morning, on time from now on, and if I'm late you can fire me!"

There was a long pause, and then Richard's voice, "Ok, but I need something from you to make it all worth it."

"What do you mean?" Sarah sounded surer.

"Well, I don't know," He trailed off, "how about you..."

Sarah scoffed, "I don't..."

Richard cut her off, "You're right let's just go to HR."

"Wait..." She sounded desperate,

Richard chuckled, "Yeah, undo all of the buttons."

Trevor couldn't believe what he was hearing. He remembered the red button-down blouse and grey pants Sarah had been wearing that day.

"Wow, do you always wear such sexy underwear to work?" His voice was very close, "Mmm, I knew they were small, and they are so perky, just like I imagined they would be." A little kiss sounded, "Are you cold? These things could cut glass." He laughed, "Yeah, leave the pants on. I don't want to get too crazy." He sighed, "Ok, that's good," A soft slap sounded, "I wish I had time to see this ass, but...don't be late again, I mean it."

The office door opened and closed; Richard must have left her to get composed again. Trevor heard Sarah sigh; in his mind she was buttoning up her blouse.

The rest of the day went uneventfully, but Trevor couldn't put the phone away. He listened to everything that happened while he finished his work for the day.

Sarah came home and she looked pretty tired. "Hey Sarah, long day? You look tired." He gave her a hug as she walked into their bedroom.

"I'm exhausted." She said as she gave him a big squeeze. She held onto him for a little longer than usual. He could tell the last little bit had taken a toll on her. His love for her almost made him want to come clean, but he felt dissociated between real life, and what happened on his phone. He liked the way he felt with Sarah, he cared for her deeply, and he didn't want to ruin their relationship, as crazy as it sounded.

She let him go and started to change. Her back was to him; he watched her as she peeled the shirt off of her small frame. Her beautiful, deep brown, skin always got him going. She undid her grey work pants and pulled them down. Trevor stared at the very lacy black panties she was wearing. Realizing Josh had peeled those off her today, even Richard had seen her bra and tits. He reached up and unclasped her bra. Then looked over her shoulder as it fell off of her.

"Are you staring?" She teased.

"Who could help themselves?" He said, looking down at her ass.

She wiggled her hips back and forth giggling, "My eyes are up here you pervert."

"I'm well aware," Trevor said.

She walked over to him with just panties on and straddled him. Leaning into whisper in his ear, "If I weren't so tired, I would ride you like you deserve for being such a good husband."

Trevor's cock leapt in his jeans. "How unlucky for me," he groaned.

"Tomorrow, I promise." She said, kissing him.


Neighbors Ch. 03

Life kind of went back to normal over the next week. Trevor would still listen in on Sarah's phone throughout the day, but everything was normal. She went to work on time, like she was supposed to, and she came home normally. Even her boss Richard seemed to treat her like nothing had happened.

A big part of Trevor was happy with this development. He had worried that Sarah's reckless decisions would impact their lives adversely, and he didn't want the fallout from everything coming into the light.

But that other part of him, that part he was ashamed of, was sad it had ended so soon. He sat at his desk and pulled up the cloud account he stored all of the videos, audio, and pictures he had taken from Sarah and Josh's romps next door.

He started one of the videos from when they shared a shower. He enjoyed the way Sarah became such a slut for Josh's much larger, 9-inch, cock. She was like a completely different person sexually. Letting him dominate her, while she still protested if Trevor got even a little too rough.

This particular time, Josh had pushed her against a wall. Holding both her arms behind her back with one hand, and grabbing a handful of her hair with the other. He bent her over and thrust into her hard. Her head pressed against the shower wall. Trevor liked this one because Sarah had several orgasms. More than he had ever seen her have.

Trevor's cock was so hard. He fished it out of his jeans and started stroking. He wanted more, he needed it. Watching videos was one thing, but knowing it was happening in real time was a thrill he couldn't describe. He had to find a way for this to happen again. His heart hammered in his chest as he thought about it.

*****

Sarah came home from work, and Trevor was so horny. She came into the bedroom wearing a black and white horizontal striped skirt, with a white blouse on. The skirt hugged her ass so well that Trevor couldn't help himself. He walked over to her, and grabbed a handful of her ass. She smiled at him and kissed him passionately. Putting her arms around his neck.

"You know I love this skirt?" He remarked, squeezing her ass a little more.

"Mmm, why do you like it?" She said softly into his ear.

"It just hugs that perfectly firm little butt of yours so nicely." He slapped her ass and this time grabbed the skirt. Hiking it up to reveal a very lacey white thong.

She ground her crotch against him, humping against him with a craving. Rubbing his already hard cock through his pants.

He pulled her shirt over her head. "A thong at work, were you trying to impress someone?" Trevor chuckled.

"Maybe I just wanted to feel sexy today." She unzipped his pants, and pulled them down just enough for his cock to pop out.

He remembered one of the tellers, a younger guy. "I bet Matt was staring at you all day again."

She rolled her eyes and laughed, "He's like 19 years old Trev. He can't help it."

Trevor laughed as he undid her bra, her perky tits standing at attention. "And you can't help it either?" He said while picking her up and setting her on the bed. Pulling her panties down, he dove head first into her pussy. Licking her delicately.

She gasped and giggled then said, "Why are you talking like this?"

He shrugged, pulling his mouth off as he put two fingers into her. "I don't know...." He felt embarrassed for a second, "I guess I just think it's hot when other guys want what I have."

She raised her eyebrows a bit, "Oh really? I had no clue."

He took off the rest of his clothes and climbed on top of her, "Is that weird?"

"I don't know...." She reached down to feel his extra stiff cock, "It kind of makes sense, like if you had a really nice car and other guys wished they had it, that would feel pretty good."

Trevor laughed, "Yeah, except I don't think of you as a car, obviously!"

She laughed too and gave him a seductive look, "I don't mind...how about you take me for a spin?"

Sarah rubbed the head of Trevor's cock against her slit before pulling him towards her. He entered her already wet vagina and started moving back and forth. Taking care to push his cock down hard against the back wall of her pussy. She always responded so well to this. As she moaned softly, Trevor leaned down and started the dirty talk.

"So...were any guys checking out my car today?"

She giggled, "Well...maybe." She moaned again; Trevor loved how vocal she was during sex.

He slowed down, "Tell me who."

She started moving her hips up into him, a sure sign that Trevor wasn't moving fast enough and she was getting frustrated. "Mmmmm, Matt definitely did today."

Trevor moved a little bit faster, "How do you know?"

She was still trying to get him to speed up, but he knew just the right amount she needed for teasing, "He was...uhn...He kept looking over at me when he thought I couldn't see." She was enjoying it but wanted more, faster, harder.

He increased the speed just a little more but was careful not to go too deep, teasing Sarah was an art. He wanted to draw this out, and reward her for giving answers. It seemed like the Matt route wasn't going to give anything juicy, so he upped the ante a little.

"I bet Richard likes when you dress like that too." He whispered, chuckling.

She stopped for a second, but Trevor started back into a rhythm he knew she would like. He was worried she would react adversely to Richard's name, but he couldn't help it. He needed to try...

"Why do you say that?" she said softly,

"I don't know," Trevor started humping faster and deeper, "he seems like he might be a perv deep down, have you ever caught him staring."

She kept moaning, but didn't reply. Trevor worried that he had ruined it, but then she said, "Yeah actually...I have."

His cock got extra hard; he knew Sarah could feel it because she wrapped her arms around him. He slowed down, trying not to cum.

"Tell me." Was all he could say.

She paused, "One time he had me in his office to talk about some new things we were doing. I was wearing that red blouse, the one that's a little, uh, lower than others. Well, I could tell that he kept looking at my chest, he was almost too obvious about it. Turns out my bra was sticking out a little bit and I didn't know until after."

Trevor was able to move faster, showing that he liked the story. "Mmmm, that's actually kind of hot, was he nicer to you after?"

She giggled, "Actually yes, this was recently, and afterwards he has been nicer to me than any of the other tellers."

Trevor realized that she was telling him about the time he had overheard in Richard's office and changing the details. It should have hurt, but it actually turned him on more that she was hiding it. He thought of the audio he had just relistened to earlier that day, and imagined Richard, an older man in his late 60's, short and stocky, with a gut. Not attractive, but the thought of a creature like him unable to contain himself with a beautiful woman like Sarah really turned Trevor on for reasons he didn't understand.

He had heard what he needed to, and couldn't help himself. He got up into a better position and started hammering Sarah's pussy with determination. His balls slapping against her, his pelvis smacking her clit with each bottoming out stroke. She moaned loudly, her body responding. Trevor could feel the semen moving up into his cock, but flexed his abs to keep from orgasming. Sarah was getting close, and he didn't want to disappoint her, not tonight. He was holding on by a thread when he finally couldn't anymore, he let loose a massive shot into her, but kept thrusting, his sensitive cock in pain until finally Sarah threw her head back and moaned. Her pussy squeezing on his cock. He collapsed onto her; happy he had succeeded.

She sighed, "That was intense. You haven't acted like that in a long time."

"Is that a good thing?" He asked, now a little worried about her reaction to his questions.

She hugged him tightly, "Well, I liked it."

His softening cock was still inside of her, "I hope you weren't weirded out by the things I asked,"


She giggled, "No, I wasn't weirded out...just surprised. I would have thought you would be jealous of other guys checking me out."

"Not at all, I'm not the jealous type, you know that. I mean, I might be a little jealous if it went too far," he paused for a second remembering Josh next door. He had been jealous but not angry, if anything it made him want Sarah more. "...but it just kind of excites me to think that you are teasing guys, it's like you are so desirable to other men, but I'm the only one who gets to actually have you."

To his surprise, he started getting hard again. Sarah noticed too.

"Are you wanting a round two?" She laughed, looking down between them at his hardening cock still inside of her.

He humped a little bit; they had never been able to have sex again this quickly.

"Fuck me again!" Sarah exclaimed, excited.

He began sawing his cock in and out of her. She giggled, "I like this new kink of yours."

Sarah rolled them over so she was on top, and started riding his cock. He loved watching her bounce on his dick. The contrast of her deep brown skin on his white cock was so arousing.

She leaned down to kiss him while she gyrated her hips, then thrust them down onto his cock. He reached down and grabbed her ass, spreading her cheeks, and pulling her into him more. He reached one hand over and found her asshole. He pressed one finger against it softly. She didn't protest, in fact, she started to hump faster, moaning softly. He pressed a little more, not hard enough to penetrate, but just adding some pressure. Her response was not what he expected, she was moaning with each stroke onto his cock. Trevor could feel her getting close, and he started thrusting up into her. She finally moaned loudly but Trevor kept thrusting through her orgasm until he finished a minute later.

This time she collapsed on him. After a minute of heavy breathing Sarah said, "What did you think you were doing pushing on my ass like that?"

"I just got caught up in the moment, and it seemed like you liked it, so I kept pushing." He said sheepishly.

"Well, I don't know. Maybe it felt ok, but that is off limits. I don't want to do anything back there." She said firmly.

"Ok, sorry." He said. But he knew she felt pleasure from it, that was undeniable. He didn't know why she was so adamantly against any anal play.

He let it go for the night. Kissing her. She cuddled into him until they fell asleep naked.


Neighbors Ch. 04

Trevor woke to Sarah cursing.

"Shit, shit, shit!"

She was running around the room, putting on clothes, rushing.

"What's wrong?!" Trevor asked.

"I'm late!" She exclaimed, "My phone fell on the floor last night, and I didn't hear my alarm!"

She was really upset and worried. "Can I do anything to help?" Trevor said, sitting up.

"No, it should be ok. I texted Jill, so she knows I'm on my way." But her voice didn't sound so sure. Trevor remembered the conversation where Richard had warned her not to be late again.

She zipped up the back of her black pencil skirt and pulled on a floral shirt that came all the way up to her neck. Grabbing her bag, she said, "Bye honey," as she rushed to the front door.

Trevor got up and walked to his computer. He turned on the spy app for Sarah's phone and started the microphone. So far it was just the sounds of her driving in silence, but after a few minutes, less than it would have taken if she had driven the speed limit, the car door opened and shut. He heard her quickly walk into the bank and apologize to Jill.

"I'm so sorry, my phone fell down on the floor and I couldn't hear it this morning."

Jill replied, "I understand, it happens, but Richard told me to send you straight to him when you got here."

"Ok," was Sarah's only reply.

She sounded worried. Trevor felt bad, and wondered if this was partially his fault. They had fallen asleep after sex, and he couldn't remember how her phone ended up on the floor. He heard a door open and listened intently.

"Jill said you wanted to see me," Sarah's voice came through.

"Do you think you can figure out why?" Richard said sternly like he was chastising a teenager.

"I...I'm late...and I promised not to be." She said softly. The pain in her voice hurt for Trevor to hear.

"And what did we agree to?" Trevor pictured Richard sitting behind his desk, not even looking at Sarah, with how uncaring he seemed to be.

"I know but..." She started to say,

"But what?!" He said incredulously. Trevor pictured him now looking at Sarah with an eyebrow up, loving the feeling of power he had, "You can get your stuff and leave."

It was quiet for a second, then Sarah's voice shakily as if she might cry, "I can...you know..."

Richard sighed loudly, "Put your shirt down..." it sounded like he got out of his chair, then his voice came through louder, he must have walked closer to Sarah. "Lift your skirt."

Sarah sniffed; she must have been crying.

"Mmmm, that white thong looks spectacular on your brown skin," a slap sounded, "I've always wondered what that ass felt like. No leave the thong on, and pull that skirt back down."

His voice started to get further away. "How badly do you want to keep this job Sarah?" Trevor heard a chair creak, Richard sitting down, "To be honest I'm surprised you've gone as far as you have, and I'm assuming your husband doesn't know about this."

"No, he doesn't," She said.

"I assume that means you are hiding something from him, am I correct?" Richard sounded smug.

She didn't say anything, and his voice came again, "Your silence is answer enough, so what? Were you having an affair?"

Silence again,

"Can't even look me in the eye or answer?" Richard laughed, "So you've been whoring around, and you don't want your husband to find out, is that it?"

He clicked his tongue, "Hey, I get it. But it doesn't excuse what you've been doing here. I should have fired you the first time, but you made a compelling argument." He laughed, "I'm going to need more this time."

"Ok...what?" She said weakly.

"Well, I'm not willing to lose my job if someone walks in on us here or they happen to peek in. I actually take my employment seriously, so it would have to be somewhere else." he buzzed his lips, "Tonight at my house, I'll text you the address. That's the offer, or you can leave today."

It was quiet for what felt like an eternity, then Sarah said, "Fine." She must have walked out quickly because the door closed a second later.

*****

Trevor sat back in his chair. He couldn't believe what had happened. He was shaking, and couldn't calm down. Did Sarah really agree to this? She was so adamant about hiding her affair with Josh, that she would agree to meet her boss at his house for who knows what? If only she knew the truth, but realizing the length she would go to hide it galvanized Trevor's will. He was not coming clean today.

As he was thinking about this, his phone buzzed. A text from Sarah.

"Hey"

She always sent that first unless she needed something urgently.

"Jill and some of the girls want to go out tonight for a girls night, I was planning on going."

The lie was an easy one, but Trevor had no intention of fighting it.

"Yeah, no problem. Are you stopping by here before you go?"

A legitimate question.

"Yes"

She texted in short message bursts

"I'll grab a shower"

"Then change :P"

He replied, "Cool, I love you, but it will be nice to have a night to myself ;)"

"Lol" was all she sent back.

The day seemed to drag on after that. Trevor used the spy app to access Sarah's text messages to see if Richard had texted her, and found one with his address and then "Wear something low cut, and skinny jeans or something. I know you have sexy underwear too so don't disappoint me. Nothing fancy, I like a woman in jeans ;)"

Finally, Sarah came home. She walked into the bedroom as usual. Pulling off her clothes.

"How was work?" Trevor said, watching his wife get completely naked. An erection beginning in his pants as he thought about what was going to happen.

"Not too bad, besides being late." She stopped by the full body mirror, inspecting her petite body for a second. Trevor noted that her pubic hair had grown in a little.

"Do you need to charge your phone? Since you didn't last night?" He said to her before she went into the bathroom.

"No, I had a charger at work." She said, stepping into the hallway.

The shower started and Sarah stepped in. Trevor sat at his desk doing some extra work, until Sarah came back in naked with a towel around her head. He noted the freshly shaven pussy.

"Shaved special for someone?" He said jokingly,

Sarah froze for a second then continued when she heard him chuckle, "Yes, I did actually," She smiled.

"Oh, what's his name?" he quipped back.

"I can't tell you, his wife would be upset," She said back to him, with a grin.

Trevor knew that Richard was married, so he wondered how that was going to work out. He continued the joke.

"Well tell him no touching, just looking, I'm jealous, but not stingy." He winked at her and stood up, walking over to her

He looked in the underwear drawer and grabbed a pair of panties that he really liked. They were cotton front and sheer back. Not a thong, but he liked them. "You should wear these." He said.

She laughed, "You choosing my panties? I was going to wear skinny jeans so maybe pick me a thong?"

He put them away and grabbed a silky yellow thong. It came down in a V at the back with a pink string making a T inside the V. He handed them to her.

"These will work," She winked pulling them on, "Now a bra."

"Do you need one?" He laughed.

She shrugged, "How exposed do you want me to be?"

"I want any male to have to double take." He said folding his arms.

She shook her head, but pulled on a very tight black t-shirt with a deep V-neck. Her small tits were perky and showed some cleavage despite their size. Small bumps were visible where her nipples were. Trevor whistled and she giggled. She pulled out her tightest dark blue skinny jeans and worked them up over her ass and hips. She was petite, but these jeans were still very tight. When she finally got them up, he was mesmerized by her ass. The way the jeans hugged into her ass and rode up so you could still see the bottom curve of her ass cheeks through the front gap in her thighs.

He grabbed her ass and gave her a kiss. "Have fun tonight."

"I'll try," She said.

Then she went into the bathroom to finish getting ready.

*****

She left. Getting into her car and driving away, but Trevor didn't intend to just listen this time.

After a few minutes, he went out and got in his car. He had Richard's address on his phone and he began travelling there. He was unsure how he was going to do it, but he was going to see how this worked out. At very least he would be close and he could listen in on Sarah's phone. He turned on the microphone, putting an earbud in so he could listen privately. All he heard was driving on Sarah's end.

When he was about 5 minutes out from Richard's house, he heard Sarah stop the car and get out. Trevor hurried to get there. He heard Sarah knock on the door and Richard answer.

"Ooo, very nice outfit young lady." The way he said it was funny to Trevor, he was old enough to be her father, so it sounded like a dad complimenting his kid, "Wow those jeans are tight!" The sound of the front door closing. "Come this way."

Trevor got there, but drove past the house, noticing Sarah's car parked out front. He parked around the corner and walked back.

"Why don't you give me a little show, Sexy Sarah?" Richard said

Wearing dark clothing, so he could blend in, he walked up to the window closest to him and peeked in, but just saw an empty room. He continued to walk around the house, checking each window he passed until finally he saw them. His cock lurched at the scene before him.

Richard was seated in an armchair in what looked like his living room. From Trevor's point of view, Richard was on the left side, Sarah was on the right, and she was dancing in front of him. He had the first few buttons of his shirt undone already and was smiling. Trevor had forgotten the details of what he looked like; He was balding, and all of his hair was gray. The exposed chest was also covered in gray hair, and his gut was bigger than Trevor remembered.

"Come closer," Richard motioned with a hand. The audio was a little delayed from the action but it wasn't too bad.

Sarah walked toward him; she had a very serious look on her face. He pulled her onto his lap and started feeling up her chest. Her nipples were now very visibly hard through the material. He pulled the V-neck open, both breasts popping out. He chuckled. "You know that these are absolutely perfect?" and leaned forward to suck on one. Sarah gasped, she might not want to do this, but she couldn't help her response to stimulus. She always got a lot of pleasure from nipple sucking. Soon, Richard had her shirt off completely and was licking, sucking, teasing her dark brown nipples.

Trevor thought of Beauty and the Beast. His stunning Latina wife was sitting on the lap of this disgusting man, and Richard had to be on cloud nine. The contrast affected Trevor in ways he didn't expect. His raging hard-on was pushing against his zipper. He undid his pants to relieve some of the pressure.

Richard had grabbed one of Sarah's hands and set it on his crotch. She obliged, rubbing it slowly. "Want to help me get these off?" He asked.

She stood next to the chair and undid his belt, the button, and then the zipper. "I think you know what to do next." He chuckled.

She paused for a second, then knelt down in front of him. She pulled down his pants until his cock popped out. Trevor was intrigued; Richard's cock was short, maybe 4 inches, definitely not more, but it was pretty thick for how short it was. That wasn't even the most interesting thing. It also curved upward in an extreme arc. The head was resting on his pelvic area and it made a half circle like a rainbow.

Sarah had a look of extreme curiosity. She reached out tentatively and started stroking Richard's cock. "I've never seen one like this," She said.

He laughed, "That's what all women say," he looked proud of himself, "I know I'm not a looker, but I've had women come back just because of that. Some of them even call me 'Hook' because of it."

Sarah didn't comment, but she did lean in and start sucking his cock. The movement was a little clumsy at first, until she got used to the shape. Then she started into a rhythm. Jerking his cock and sucking him. Swirling her tongue on the head, licking his balls.

Trevor had not expected her to just start like that. He thought she would be more reluctant, but to his surprise, she actually seemed to be getting into it. "You aren't half bad at that," He said smiling, as he tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.

Suddenly, a door off to the side opened and a woman walked in with bags from a clothing store. Trevor jumped in surprise, "Oh shit," He thought, he assumed that Richard's wife had just come home and he did not want Sarah to be in danger. He zipped up his pants and got ready to intervene if things got violent. Richard looked over his shoulder at the woman who had just come in, "Carolyn, how was shopping?"

Sarah jumped up and stared at the woman.

She was probably a few years younger than Richard, and actually really attractive. A short, fit, and very thin, bottle blonde. The term trophy wife came to Trevor as he looked at her. She walked to the closet and hung up her coat.

"Don't worry honey," she said with a smile at Sarah, "this one is really sexy Rich, how did you convince her?!"

"I have my ways," he cracked back at her.

She sat down on a couch across from Richard, "Go ahead, don't let me stop you."

Sarah knelt back down, unsure.

Carolyn laughed, "I mean it, I love it when Rich brings pretty little things home, as long as I get to watch."

"And I don't complain when she brings a stud home, or stays the night somewhere else," Richard assured Sarah.

Sarah got this odd half smile on her face like they were pulling a prank on her.

"Actually, why don't you stand up and take those jeans off, I hope you wore some nice panties," Richard said, glancing at Carolyn.

Sarah stood and undid her jeans, the tiny pink bow on the front of her thong sticking out. She did a little shimmy out of her skin tight jeans, careful not to pull her thong down.

"Oh, those are so cute," Carolyn said.

"Spin around for me," Richard said.

Sarah smiled, having Carolyn there actually seemed to put her at ease. She turned around and faced Carolyn, giving Richard a nice view of the V-back thong she was wearing. Carolyn winked at her as Sarah bent over. Trevor knew his wife's body language, and she was feeling very sexy at this moment. She was a sucker for compliments.

Richard stood up and pulled his pants off. He shed his shirt, standing there naked, his fat cock pointing up at the ceiling. He walked up behind Sarah and rested his cock between her ass cheeks. Trevor quickly pulled out his phone and snapped some pictures. Then started recording a video.

Richard rubbed the bottom of the curve between Sarah's cheeks, up and down. Slapping it against her back and then hooking it under her to poke her pantie covered slit. Sarah pushed back into him involuntarily. She couldn't help herself; a cock was a cock to her.

"You're about to be 'hooked'," Carolyn said, with a big smile and a giggle.

Richard slipped a finger under the silky material and pulled it to the side. He guided his cock to her entrance and started to push. Trevor knew that Richard was experiencing her impossibly tight pussy.

The head finally popped in and Sarah gasped, Carolyn laughed and Sarah looked up. "He has a big head in more ways than one. Is she tight hon?"

"You better believe it," he said, curling his lips in as he worked back and forth a little. Richard wasn't very tall so he didn't have to squat as much like Josh, even Trevor did a little when they were standing.

He continued the slow back and forth thrusts until his cock was all the way inside. Then Carolyn stood up and walked over. She looked down at her husband's cock inside of Sarah, then leaned down and said, "How does his cock feel?"

"It feels different," she said with her head down.

"Good different?" Carolyn asked.

Richard started moving back and forth, and Sarah moaned.

Carolyn smiled, "I think that's a yes."

Sarah nodded and kept moaning.

"Feel how it pushes up into places you've never felt before, usually you have to get into crazy positions to get that pressure, not with Rich though." Carolyn said matter-of-factly.

Trevor's heart sank, he remembered the way he had to push his cock around inside of Sarah to get the angles she liked, or how she would contort them into crazy angles that his cock could barely handle, popping out constantly. Here, even this ugly fat guy could pleasure his wife better than he could.

Sarah was already having an orgasm, faster than Trevor had ever seen happen. "That's one," said Carolyn with another laugh, "the 'hook' strikes again!"

Richard pulled out and sat back down. "Face me and ride this," he pointed at his cock.

Sarah didn't even hesitate, she kicked her thong off and straddled his lap, but before either of them could reach his cock, Carolyn was aiming it at Sarah's opening. "I got you sweetheart, this shape can be tricky," Sarah looked at her but said nothing, just smiled softly as she lowered down, gasping again at the new angle. Her hips moving against her will.

"Oh yeah, this one really gets that g-spot on the front wall of your vagina," Carolyn said, like she was a teacher with a student.

Sarah started bouncing on his cock, and moaning very loud while she did it. Practically begging for his cock, "Oh fuck!" She yelled.

Carolyn and Richard shared a laugh over that, and Sarah couldn't help but join in the laughing. She was already getting close again, speeding up her stroke until, "Aaaahhh, fuck!"

She started shaking this time, Trevor had only seen that happen in porn. I affected him so much that he started spurting cum into his pants without even touching himself. He had never had that happen, and didn't know it could. He was shaking like a leaf watching the unbelievable scene before him. His erection went down a little but soon rallied back as Richard picked Sarah up and hammered her pussy. She only lasted a few seconds like this before an orgasm happened again.

They did doggystyle on the floor, Sarah's face toward Trevor, but it was so dark out that he knew she wouldn't be able to see him. Her eyes were closed most of the time anyway, so it wouldn't have mattered. He had alternated taking pictures and videos throughout this.

Finally, Richard said, "Where should I cum Sarah?"

She shook her head and said out of breath, "I don't care."

He pulled out and was about to grab his cock again when Carolyn gripped it and started jerking it until he shot all over Sarah's upturned ass, her head down on the floor.

She laid there for a minute. Her face was turned away from Trevor so he couldn't see her reaction. Carolyn left the room after the cumshot and now came back with a rag and a towel. She set the towel on the chair and handed Sarah the rag, "Here, I got this wet."

Sarah sat up and nodded, "Thank you." She wiped herself a little bit and was suddenly very shy.

"The bathroom is over there," Carolyn motioned to a door in the hallway, "here is a towel, go ahead and wash off, you'll feel better," she placed a hand on Sarah's shoulder and said, "thank you for such a fun time," She smiled that overly sweet smile, "we will be in our bedroom," She motioned to another door. "If you want to just go after your shower, that's fine, and if you want to say goodbye, that's fine too." She stood up and walked into the bedroom. Sarah got up and grabbed the towel, going into the bathroom.

She left without saying goodbye.


5