THE ORPHANAGE

By Blader

[STRAIGHT] [MINOR] [Female circumcision]

This is a part of my old novella. Thanx.

"Good morning, Miss Arbuthnot, I hope you don't mind, but I've
brought along a young Doctor, Dr. James, with me. He is soon to
become fully qualified and is spending time in my practice to
gain experience."

"Not at all, Doctor Forbes, a pleasure I'm sure."

"Dr. James - Miss Arbuthnot, the Superintendent of this very
excellent orphanage for girls."

Good Morning, Miss Arbuthnot."

"And a very good morning to you, Dr. James, a pleasure, I'm
sure."

"I have been telling Dr. James of the problem that we discovered
a few years ago amongst your girls."

"Oh, terrible it was, and the shame! I could hardly hold up my
head when we found out. And to think that it was happening right
under our very noses! The older ones were teaching it to the
younger ones. You can't blame the girls, they come from all sorts
of homes, poor little orphan waifs, but Dr. Forbes, here, did a
marvellous job. Now we have everything under control."

"Miss Arbuthnot and her staff keep a careful watch on the girls,
and if there is any suspicious behaviour, then I take a look at
the culprits. I also do a routine inspection of a random
selection of girls every week just to catch any hidden problems -
to nip them in the bud as it were.

"So, Mrs. Arbuthnot, what have you to tell me today?"

"Well, first, Sir, I want you to look at Sophie Brown. You have
seen her several times before. She is one of our older girls,
nearly ready to go into a position. (Most of our girls go into in
service in the houses of the gentry when they leave, Dr. James).
But the family I have in mind for her, Sir, is most particular
and I daresen't let her go into service until I'm sure that she
is free of the habit and a girl of good repute, Sir, so I'd be
glad for you to take a look.

"Then there's Amanda Smith. (Most of the girls seem to arrive
with names like Smith, Jones and Brown, Dr. James, the mothers
don't use their real names, you see, for fear of shame). There
were some suspicious movements in the bed a few nights ago, my
staff have seen her twice, (we fitted spy-holes in the
dormitories under Dr. Forbes' instructions, Dr. James), and she
has a shifty look about her like she's hiding something.

"Then there's Irene Watson. You did a little operation on her
three weeks ago, but she has been complaining so terribly of pain
that I said that I would ask you to take a look at her to see
that nothing is wrong.

"I also have a new girl, Roberta Long. Her mother has been put
into prison for persistent soliciting along with the mother's
lover, a renowned ponce,so the girl is certainly depraved. We
have seen nothing definite yet, but we thought you ought to take
a look at her.

"You discovered two girls last week, so they have been severely
beaten, as you instructed, Sir, and are to be operated on today.
They are Ellen Smith and Rebecca Brownwell. There is also Jane
Smith 4 to be operated on - she asked to speak to you last week
and you decided upon an operation to solve her little problem.

"That's all the definite ones, but I did my usual "lucky dip"
from the complete list and you can take a look at as many of them
as you have time for, Sir. And, as usual, if you see a girl who
arouses your suspicion, when you look around the school, she will
be brought to you for  inspection. Dr. Forbes likes to take a
look at the girls, and he has often spotted a miscreant that my
staff had not noticed, Dr. James!"

"Well, thank you Miss Arbuthnot. As always, your arrangements are
most thorough. Let us go to the examination room and we can
examine our first patient. Sophie Brown, you said, yes I remember
her very well."

A member of the Orphanage staff, Nurse Jamieson, assisted us and
acted as chaperone. She ushered the first patient in.

"Ah, Sophie Brown, do come in. How are you feeling today?"

The girl mumbled something. She was pretty with wispy light brown
hair and pale features. Her lips were prominent and her eyes a
piercing blue. At Dr. Forbes gesture, she got up onto the
examination couch and lifted her skirts; this class of girl did
not wear drawers at that time.

"Many doctors set great score by the interrogation of their
patients, but I have found this to be nearly useless, they all
tell endless lies and waste a lot of time. I find that I can get
all the information I need from a simple examination of the
parts. She is used to this; see how she gets into the right
position with the knees raised and well apart? Let me first check
her record. Hmm. Yes: it is as I remembered it.

"I choose an incremental approach to curing onanism. Some doctors
simply remove the whole clitoris at once, but I do not do that.
The first time the vice is discovered, there is simply a dire
warning. The second time, I remove the clitoral hood. The third
time, the upper quarters of the inner labia are removed tight up
against the clitoral glans - I actually cut into the glans a
little as a sharp reminder. The next time, the glans itself is
removed. After that there are three stages of removal of
increasing portions of the clitoral shaft and crura. A very few
persist after this, and I sometimes have to go beyond and perform
complete spaying with deep section of the pudic nerve.

This girl had the glans removed as you can see. This knot of scar
is the stump end of the clitoral shaft and the thin semi-circular
line is where the hood was cut away earlier. Do you see these
scar-lines on the buttocks and thighs? From the last beating she
received for masturbation; Miss Arbuthnot is not gentle when it
comes to such behaviour!

"A girl who has masturbated in the past but who has stopped will
become aroused easily when you start to press on the clitoral
shaft, ah, see that! Now, watch to see if there are contractions
of the pelvic muscles. A truly continent girl can suppress that
urge indefinitely, but a persistent masturbator will be unable to
- no self control. There! And again! Better stop. I've had girls
actually experience orgasm under my manipulations - disgusting!
And see the moisture exuding from the vagina!

"So, Sophie, you've taken up the habit again after all that we've
done to help you?" There was a meaningless whimper from the girl.
Her eyes were moist with tears. "Very well, you know what has to
happen. I shall inform Miss Arbuthnot to beat you, and next week,
when I visit, we shall cut some more of this dirty part away. But
this time, as you are soon to leave for a position in service
with a most important family, instead of taking away just a
little as a gentle reminder to behave, I shall have to take the
lot away so that there will be nothing left for you to do it
with, do you hear?"

There was a muffled "Yes, Sir!" and the girl was sent away.

Next was Amanda Smith. She had long black hair and dark brown
eyes on a narrow face with a somewhat sallow complexion. "I last
inspected her about two years ago as part of a random sample, but
she was pure then. Since then, puberty has arrived. Up on the
couch, girl, you know what to do!"

She got up on the couch rather reluctantly, and lifted up her
skirts. The pubic hair was thick and black, and we had to hold it
apart to view the vaginal entrance. The clitoris was long and
narrow and rather black on the outer surface as were the edges of
the thin lips. "A touch of the tar-brush, as they say: a small
admixture of African blood, I wager. It always shows up there
even if it shows up nowhere else! We'll soon see if there has
been any abuse. Do you want to do it?"

I pressed the clitoral shaft beyond the glans just as he had
done, rhythmically, about one press every two seconds. Soon it
was pulsing with arousal, the little glans peeping out of its
hood, glistening bright pink against the strange black skin. Soon
the whole vulva was clenching in time with my movements, moisture
seeping out between the labia.

"Try not to clench!" said Dr. Forbes. She tried, but soon started
again. She could not prevent it. I stopped, fearing an orgasm.
The girl was weeping silently, tears streaming down her face.

"Yes, there is shame when you are discovered, is there not,
Amanda? But do not fear, there will be no punishment this time."
He waited until her tears subsided, and then began a stern
lecture on the dangers of the habit and the possible consequences
if she did not give it up entirely. "Be assured," he concluded,"
that one way or another, when you leave here, you will be
entirely free of the habit. Whether this is because of frequent
beatings and the pain and deprivation of surgery or through your
own free will is your choice. Go away and think carefully about
it." She left with earnest assurances of future continence.

Irene Watson was shown in. She was a thin pale child with mousy
hair and somewhat pinched features. She walked with an awkward
stooped posture with her legs a little parted. At Dr. Forbes'
gesture, she got up onto the couch and raised her skirt just as
the others had done. On her buttocks and thighs you could see the
scars and yellow-brown bruising of her beating nearly a month
ago.

"This girl is a recalcitrant masturbator. I first operated on her
about two years ago to remove the clitoral hood. Nymphotomy was
performed five months later, and glansectomy about a year ago. I
operated on her three weeks ago to remove the first small section
of the clitoral shaft. The earlier operations have the effect of
reducing sensitivity without much accompanying pain, but
sectioning the shaft means that for a long time after, each
arousal induces pain and a contraction causes the pain to become
acute. The intention is to remind the girl to stop thinking
thoughts that cause arousal, as you no doubt realise. That is
probably what is happening in this case, but we perform an
examination just in case there are complications of any kind."

He turned to the girl: "I'm told that you are having pain. Please
show me exactly where it hurts."

The pubic hair had been shaved for the operation and was now
short stubble. She pointed, without touching, at the very livid
and inflamed fresh scar where the clitoral shaft had so recently
been severed.

"Hmm. Does it hurt all of the time or only now and then?"

"Please, Sir, there is pain all the time but at times it comes on
much stronger and it is all I can do not to cry out."

"How often does that happen?"

"Mostly at night, Sir, as I try to get to sleep or when I wake
up."

"You mean when you think wicked thoughts of the kind that lead to
self-abuse?"

"I can control these thoughts at other times of day, but when I
am nearly asleep . . . "

You will soon learn to control such thoughts even at these times.
That pain is a constant reminder to help you. The wound will not
heal and the pain will not stop until you abandon these thoughts
entirely. But we must just check if there is any infection or
whether the pain is just from improper behaviour. Dr. James, what
is your opinion?

There was a very raised and lumpy scar on her knee from a fall at
a younger age. "I notice that you have a scar on your knee." I
touched it. "When did this happen?"

"A long time ago, when I was about six or seven, Sir."

"How long did it take to heal, do you remember?"

She grimaced. "A long time, Sir."

"Did you pick at the scab?"

"Er, yes, Sir. It irritated a lot, Sir."

"Have you ever had other injuries that took a long time to heal?"

She showed me the back of her right hand. There was an ugly lumpy
scar. "I burnt it on a hot pan, Sir, when I was helping in the
kitchens about a year ago."

"Do you cauterise the clitoral shaft when you operate?" I asked
Dr.Forbes.

He knew what I was saying. "Keloid formation - of course. Notice
how the other operation scars are also thick and raised - the
labia and hood. And there was quite a sizeable knot of scar
tissue from the glansectomy at the last operation. So, what
should we do, Dr. James?"

"Another time, I would not use cautery in one who is liable to
keloid formation. Burn wounds are particularly susceptible to
this problem. I suspect that she has picked at the scar many
times already, despite the pain. This can lead to a form of
onanism where the keloid scar is stimulated to the point of a
pain-filled orgasm - I have seen it before in my training.

"There are two possibilities. The first is another operation to
take away the keloid tissue, closing the wound with pressure and
perhaps a suture, but this might still result in some keloid
formation. The other option, and the one that I would recommend,
is to employ a device to prevent her touching the scar until it
is completely healed - an anti masturbation appliance in the form
of a genital cage attached to a locked belt and only removed for
cleaning. Of course, you could do both, and may have to, as was
necessary in the other case that I mentioned."

"Very well, an appliance shall be procured. Meanwhile, girl, do
not pick at the scar or it will never heal and we shall have to
operate again!" She was sent away.

"Another thing," I asked, "is there medical supervision of the
corporal punishments?"

"No. I don't watch," he replied.

"They are very severe, and, in a case like that where there is a
tendency to keloid scarring, and perhaps in other cases, a larger
number of strokes without breaking the skin might be advisable. I
fear permanent harm, perhaps injuries making some lass
unemployable. That would be a pity and a burden on the
orphanage."

"I take your point. And would you be interested in . . . ."

"Certainly, I would be most willing to provide Miss Arbuthnot
with advice on these matters. It is an area that I have, ah,
studied in the past."

Roberta Long, the new girl, was shown in. She was a striking girl
with blond hair but dark brows and lashes; tall and delicate
featured; she would make a stunning beauty in a year or two's
time. She was given a full health check as it was the first time
that Dr. Forbes had seen her. "It is important to isolate any
consumptive patients right away. We send them to an asylum out in
the country." Fortunately, she proved to be in excellent general
health.

Last of all was the check of her sexual parts. The pubic hair was
dark like her eyebrows, but wispy and not yet full-grown.

"Ah! Not a virgin!" exclaimed Dr. Forbes. "Your mother sold it?
How much did she get?"

"Not me mum - 'er ponce. 'E told me 'e got a guinea. 'E give me a
shillin'and gave my mum 'alf-a-crown. But I fink 'e got a lot
more 'cos the toff tipped me 'alf a sov."

"All right, all right. How long ago?"

"Couple o' years."

"Since then?"

"I ain't been out on the streets. Only specials that 'er ponce
brings in. Maybe one or two a week."

"What you're likely to find in these cases - ah yes, here - and
here. You see? These are stitch-marks where the stitches have
been torn out. The virginity has been sold several times to
several different clients. She's probably a good actress to carry
that off, so don't believe anything she says."

"One a month. Plucked all me parsley an' kep' me on short rations
so me boobs din't grow. 'E'd sew me up then wait 'til I 'ad the
curse so there was plenty of blood. Sell me cherry to a ponce and
then sew me up again.Bastard!"

"Enough of that language! That life is behind you now. Miss
Arbuthnot will have her hands full to manage this one." He
started to manipulate the clitoris. There was no response, even
after several minutes.

"I can't feel a thing you're doin'," she said. "D'ya wanna know
why?"

"Go on."

"One o' the toffs asked the ponce for 'is money back 'cos 'e said
I wa'n't no virgin 'cos I was havin' a spend wiv 'im. So 'e got a
doctor an' 'e cut me deep inside. Cut all the nerves, 'e said, so
I wouldn't feel a thing any more. I've not been able to spend
since."

Dr. Forbes parted the labia and peered inside. Two thin scar-
lines could be seen, one each side, where a bilateral pudic
neurectomy had been performed to render her clitoris and the
surrounding tissue totally numb to make her more pleasing to her
clients. Soon after, he told her she could go.

Such exceptional beauty with such coarse language - Twhat ever
would become of her?

We took a break then, to look around the school and have a cup of
tea with Miss Arbuthnot.

We were shown the dormitories with the peepholes carefully
concealed as decorative iron-work ventilators that allowed the
staff to watch the orphans at night. The girls knew that they
were being watched, knew where the spy-holes were, but because of
the concealment afforded by them, they had no means of knowing
when they were being observed. We were also shown how the
lavatory and bathroom facilities were designed so that the girls
could be constantly supervised to ensure that there was no
opportunity for secret activities.

We were shown the punishment room with its benches and horses
festooned with straps for securing the young ladies for their
beatings. We saw the array of implements ranging from lightweight
martinets and tawses to full-sized reformatory canes of wicked
severity. It all looked well worn and subject to frequent use.

We went into many of the classrooms where Dr. Forbes would look
around the room and ask one or two girls questions about the
subjects they were being taught. I soon realised that these
questions were merely an excuse to appraise the girls. Some gave
him look of hatred or resentment and after we left the room he
would explain the treatment they had already received at his
hands.

It was noticeable to me that he seemed most concerned about those
who had recently reached puberty. My previous experience
indicated that the vice was prevalent amongst much younger girls,
of whom there were many in the institution, but there seemed to
be few who had had treatment for this condition. I broached this
subject.

"That was the case when I started my purge. But, I have found
that at a younger age, a few lectures, a strong sense of the
inevitability of detection and a few sternly treated examples
sufficed. Girls of that age, in a regime where vice is not
tolerated, can, (and do with very few exceptions), control their
urges. It is those past puberty who give the physician the
greatest challenge. At that age, despite the warnings and
examples, the urges of the body can overcome the will and only
the intervention of science can save the child from herself."

Just occasionally a girl in one of these classrooms would give a
look of guilty apprehension at the moment he entered: blushing
perhaps, or trying to appear invisible. Then he would linger and
direct a series of questions at the girl. The questions would
quickly take on a sinister double entendre. "How do you spell
'virtuous'?" "In which book of the Bible is the sin of Onan
described?" "What is another term for 'sin'?" "Give me a
definition of 'purity,' please." He was playing the girl in the
same way that a fisherman plays a fish caught on the line and she
would soon blush deeply and become confused. She would be
instructed to report to Miss Arbuthnot and request an examination
by the doctor. The form mistress would be asked to see that this
happened. By lunchtime, three more girls were added to our list:
Jane Palmer, Eliza Heron and Maud Brown.

We had a pleasant lunch with Miss Arbuthnot. There I broached the
subject of the severity of the corporal punishment and of the
possibility of doing permanent and disabling damage to one of her
charges.

"But Dr. Forbes said particularly to punish them with the
uttermost severity and I did take him at his word. For no other
offence do we break the skin, Sir, although some girls do need to
be treated most severely to keep them in line. I should be most
pleased to take your advice if you would care to offer it. I
usually perform the beatings after lunch at the same time that
Dr. Forbes is operating on those caught the week before."

"So soon? Why, I would have thought that a day or so of
thoughtful anticipation would have served a salutary purpose? It
is for this reason that Dr. Forbes waits a whole week before
operating, is it not? It would be as convenient for the Doctor to
operate right away."

"Well, there you go, Sir! Your experience in these matters would
surely be most valuable. And when would you suggest, Sir?

"There are several opinions on this point, Ma'am. It is
convenient if the girls are in their night attire rather than
encumbered by clothing, which suggests an early morning or late
evening appointment. I find that the senses are dulled by fatigue
towards the end of the day and that sensibility is enhanced in
the early hours. At what time do your girls rise and break their
fast?"

"Why, Sir, the rising bell is at six of the clock and breakfast
is at seven precisely. By that time, they have washed and brushed
their hair,dressed and made their beds; they have done their
duties and have attended the short act of worship that we conduct
here each morning. But you surely cannot be intending to come
here for that hour, Sir?"

"I would propose to come here the night before and to stay
overnight, if that would be in order? And to have the girls in
question fetched from their beds at half past five. They should
be instructed to wash and brush their hair and then to attend the
punishment room in their night attire. There they will be kept
waiting until six when the punishment will commence. I would
propose not tomorrow morning but the next, but to instruct the
girls now so that they may deliberate upon the experience that
awaits them."

"It shall all be done as you advise, Sir. And shall you . . ."

"As you wish, Miss Arbuthnot. I should not, of course, want any
breath of impropriety to sully the reputation of this admirable
institution."

"It shall all be most properly conducted, Sir, and I myself shall
be in attendance at all times, so there is no risk of any other,
Sir! And it would save my arm which does at times get most tired
from wielding the rod with such vigour."

"Then I shall be most happy to oblige you, Ma'am."

After lunch, we had the operations to perform. First was Ellen
Smith. She was a tiny girl, fully mature but small. She was
fastened in the lithotomy position to the examination couch by
the straps attached to the underside. The straps went around the
backs of her knees and fastened them close to her shoulders. Her
bottom was still black and blue from the beating and several of
the wounds opened and started bleeding again from the stretching
of the posture.

It was her first operation - the clitoris and labia were intact.
They were large on such a small girl, and seemed even more
prominent because of the shaven pubis. Dr. Forbes liked to wash
the parts before operating, (this was not usual practice at that
time; it was only later that the importance of asepsis became
known), and he did so with warm water and a little soap, rinsing
and drying it. Then he drew forward the clitoris hood and grasped
it with forceps. He fastened two pairs in place, one either side
of the centre-line. The girl squealed. He pushed the point of a
pair of scissors between the forceps, up and under the hood and
snipped down sharply. The girl gasped.

"I like to fasten the forceps on before cutting as it is the very
devil to get a proper grip once the blood starts to flow," he
commented. Then he picked up each pair of forceps in turn,
pulling the hood-half to full stretch, and snipping with the
scissors close to the glans. Again the girl cried out in shock,
and continued to cry and moan loudly. The remaining skin slowly
retreated half-way up the shaft of the clitoris. He placed a lint
pad onto the wound and pressed firmly, holding it there for fully
five minutes.

"Some authorities recommend suturing, but I leave it as it is.
The wound takes longer to heal so it is longer before the girl
resumes the habit, if she chooses to. And if she should try it
too soon, the wound reopens, acting as a deterrent. There is
sometimes trouble from bleeding, but not often, and when it
happens it is rarely serious.

Rebecca Brownwell was sent in next. She was a big girl in every
way, the kind who easily runs to fat. She looked very
apprehensive and was nearly in tears. The reason was soon clear:
there was very little left of her external genitalia. All of the
inner lips had been removed. ("That was done by my locum-tenens
when I was unwell last year. I don't generally remove that much
unless there are exceptional circumstances.") And there was very
little clitoral shaft still visible.

He secured her very tightly to the couch, straps at the hip and
waist as well as those behind the knee, and he fastened a stick
gag in her mouth to bite on and to prevent her biting off her
tongue.

"We have to cut down along the line where the clitoris used to
lie and uncover the inner shaft. The scar tissue from the
previous operations is adherent to the underlying shaft in
several places so we have to dissect carefully. There we are! Now
we can release the shaft from its suspensory ligament and . . .
up it comes. You see that it divides into two crura to pass
either side of the urethra. We cut it through right at the point
of bifurcation, thus, and immediately apply pressure to the wound
- thus. Could you heat the cautery iron in the gas-flame whilst I
hold this, please?" He had to raise his voice to be heard all
through this as the girl was screaming and roaring loudly through
her gag.

There was a spirit burner on the bench beside him so I lit it and
started heating the iron. When it was glowing a dull red, about
five minutes later, he held out his hand. I placed the handle in
it and he lifted the pad of lint from the wound and quickly
applied the cautery. The girl's screams had dulled to a low
moaning by this time but they immediately recommenced with
powerful vigour. There was the usual stench of burning flesh as
the wound was sealed. He held the iron away and watched for a
little until it was clear that there would be no further
bleeding. He unfasten ed the patient, who was by now incoherent,
and had a member of the Orphanage staff carry her away.

Jane Smith 4 was next. She was called "Jane Smith 4" presumably
because there had been at least three other girls of that name in
the orphanage when she arrived. She was somewhat older than I had
expected to find in an orphanage, seventeen or eighteen perhaps
with the coarse looks of a working girl, a scullery maid,
perhaps. Most girls would have been found positions in service at
fourteen. I asked about this.

"Many of these girls have never ever seen the world outside the
orphanage. They ask to stay on as it is the only home they know.
A chosen few are invited to stay as members of the cleaning or
service staff; it is regarded as a privilege. They are allowed to
remain as long as they work hard and behave in a proper manner.
They are provided with a bed, clothing and all meals, but no pay.
This girl could elect to leave rather than submitting to this
little operation - she has been given that choice, haven't you?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Tell Dr. James how it is that you come to be here today."

"Ooh, Sir, it was two years ago that you last stopped me, but I
found that I was starting to get the feelings again. I knew if I
was caught they would send me away and I didn't want that, so I
asked to speak to you."

"You did quite right, Jane. You are a good girl. And what did you
ask for?"

"Please, Doctor, to take it all away so it don't trouble me no
more."

He gave her chloroform, telling me that he did this will all
girls who had been good and asked him for help to remain good.
And so I saw my first complete spaying of a girl - removal of the
ovaries from the abdomen as well as the deep sectioning of the
pudic nerve that provides the clitoris and the surrounding parts
with sensation. There was still a stump of clitoral shaft visible
as her previous operation had been the first cutting of the
clitoral shaft; it was not strictly necessary to remove this, but
he did so in any case, "for tidiness and completeness". She was
still unconscious from the chloroform as she was wheeled away by
a member of the orphanage staff.

We took a short break then for a cup of tea with some admirable
scones cooked by one of the girls in the kitchens. We were served
by this same girl, a pretty young thing by the name of Sandra
Goodall, with russet hair and a 'peaches and cream' complexion.
She was clearly a favourite of Miss Arbuthnot who had nothing but
good to say of her. When she left, I asked Dr. Forbes if he had
ever had occasion to examine the girl for signs of self-abuse.

"Why no, I have not, Dr. James!" said Dr. Forbes; "Miss
Arbuthnot?"

"There has never been the slightest suspicion of Sandra. Such a
good girl! One of our special girls who we are so proud of! A
real treasure! A fine example to the others!"

"But, I find that there is something about her that I would like
to probe further. I do beg your pardon should I be proved wrong,
Miss Arbuthnot, but I should feel happier if I could just make 
certain that there is nothing amiss. Would you permit?"

"Dr. Forbes?"

"If Dr. James thinks . . "

"I am certain that there is no taint in Sandra Goodall, Sir, and
would willingly submit her to any examination to be sure of that."

"And I shall be the happier in my mind to know that you are
right, Miss Arbuthnot. Please send her for examination directly, then."

"As you request, Dr. James, so shall it be."

And when we returned to the examination room, Sandra Goodall was
the first to be ushered in. Dr. Forbes gestured for me to conduct 
the examination. Sandra had never been examined before in this way, 
but clearly knew what it was about from talking to the other girls, 
as she got straight up onto the couch, lifted her skirts and 
adjusted herself into the familiar position.

I parted the russet pubic hair and examined the genital parts.
They looked  natural and untouched: just the way you would expect
the parts of a modest girl to look. The labia minora were small
and thin, pale and straight. The clitoris was also small and
smooth and showed no sign of unnatural use. Either side of these
organs, within the folds of the labia majora, was a little creamy
matter - again evidence of lack of unnecessary physical contact.
I gently raised the clitoral hood; underneath was a small 
build-up of clean, fresh, smegma, not enough to be troublesome,
but evidence of lack of manual interference. I lent down
and sniffed - again the healthy fresh smell of tissues
unaffected by unnatural acts, and yet there had been something
about the girl: her posture, her gait, perhaps?

I performed Dr. Forbes' usual tests, but there was no abnormal
reaction. I asked Dr. Forbes to repeat them; again there was no
sign of abnormality. I asked her to straighten her legs flat on
the couch and to press them together. Unusually, there was no 
gap between her thighs at the crotch.

"I apologise for doubting you," I said, "there is no sign of
anything abnormal, whatsoever. You may go."

When she had gone, I asked, "Nurse Jamieson, how much exercise do
these girls get?"

"Why, they go for a walk on a Sunday afternoon, and thy have
household chores to do: cleaning, helping in the kitchens,
laundry and so on, Sir."

"She has muscles in her thighs like an athlete, and quite unlike
any other girl I have seen here. Is her bed positioned where it
can be spied on without her knowing?"

"We position the ones we are most concerned about near the spy-
holes, Sir, and they know this. She has never been suspected, so
her bed is positioned where it might be difficult to watch
easily. You still suspect something?"

"I have seen just one case like it before. If it is what I think,
she will do it lying on her back with her legs quite straight,
but tightly pressed together. She will simply squeeze her thigh
muscles slowly and rhythmically for a long time. It will be
almost unnoticeable and leaves few signs on the tissues. One of
the characteristics of his condition is that arousal does not
occur with the knees raised and the thighs apart, hence the lack
of response to the tests. I may be wrong, but the only way to be
sure is to catch her in the act.

"What excuse could we find to move her bed without arousing her
suspicion? Do you place trusted senior girls in the younger
girls' dormitories, for instance?"

"We used to, but when we found out that so many of the senior
girls were corrupted and were corrupting the younger ones, we
instituted a strict segregation, Sir."

"Perhaps, as she has been tested and found pure, this procedure
might be restarted for a select few. Is there a dormitory of
younger girls that you are especially concerned about? She might
be moved to a position of trust and responsibility and
coincidentally where we can see her more easily. I am determined
to keep watch over her for a night or two. With your permission
Dr. Forbes, I should like to approach Miss Arbuthnot on the
subject." He nodded his concurrence.

Jane Palmer, one of the girls identified in the classrooms by Dr.
Forbes, was the next one brought in. At another time, she would
have seemed quite pretty. A small girl, younger than the others
we had seen - only just past puberty. She had a broad freckled
face and high cheekbones. Large blue eyes peered out under a mass
of light brown curls. Now, however, she was in tears and her face
was distorted with anxiety.

Dr. Forbes consulted the notes. "This is one of the younger ones
that we made an example of. About two years ago, soon after the
initial purge, she had a second operation and a severe beating.
She had stopped touching herself with her hands after the first
operation, but had then started crossing her legs and squeezing
her thighs together, thinking that this would not be noticed."

He turned to the girl who had got up onto the couch in the usual
position for examination. The pubic hair was still a downy fuzz.
The clitoris was large and prominent. The hood had been trimmed
well back, and its healing had clearly been prolonged from the
appearance of the broad area of scar tissue. The shrinkage of
this scar had drawn the glans back and upwards so that it stuck
out prominently between the outer lips making the underside
clearly visible. The underside of the glans clitoris had scars
where the inner lips had been tightly shorn away. About a quarter
of the length of the labia minora had been removed. There were
white scar-lines on her bottom and thighs from the severity of
the beating that she had received.

"Do you want to tell me about it?" he asked her.

She sobbed loudly and her tears flowed freely. Eventually her
crying subsided. "Oh, Sir, I feel so ashamed!" She cried again
for a minute or so. "Sir, it rubs against my clothes when I stand
or move. My nightdress rubs it and torments it. I feel it all the
time. It is a constant torment, Sir."

"Here?" He lightly touched the tip of the glans. She reacted
strongly, startled as if she had been pricked, crying out. There
was clearly hypersensitivity. "You could have come to me. Then
there would have been no beating, no shame. Chloroform would have
been used so there would be no pain. Instead you have chosen the
hard way."

He pressed the shaft, keeping clear of the scar tissue and the
hypersensitive glans. Soon she was responding strongly, the vulva
clenching and contracting. He told her to relax and stop clenching, 
but she could not. Moisture oozed from her vagina. She must have been 
on the very brink of the pollution when he stopped.

"You are a depraved and corrupt child. You deserve to be beaten
for that disgusting exhibition alone. I shall talk to Miss
Arbuthnot. You will come back here next week for your operation
and I will cut away the part that has been troubling you. Now
go!"

She left, howling pitifully again. I thought that he had been
unnecessarily hard on her, but did not say so.

Eliza Heron was a tall gaunt girl. She had clearly experienced
the post-puberty growth-spurt without filling out at all. She had
very bony hips and hardly any bust. Pale features, greyish eyes,
acne and mousy wispy hair all added up to make an unattractive
sight. The way that she peered at everything made me think that
she was myopic as well, and I mentioned this to Dr. Forbes.

"That may well be the case," he said, "but the financial
resources of the orphanage make it impossible to pay for
spectacles for the girls. She will probably become a good
seamstress."

The glans and part of the clitoral shaft had already been
removed, the most recent operation being but four months ago and
the previous ones very closely spaced. The cane had made many
sharp imprints in her meagre thighs and bottom. She was clearly
one of those who did not learn from these lessons.

She said little, but she was no cretin and she had answered most
of his questions in class earlier. The scar on the clitoral shaft
was still somewhat livid, and clearly gave the child some pain
when the shaft was stimulated by Dr. Forbes' testing, but she
soon showed the obvious signs of arousal. She made little attempt
to suppress the clenching, and did not even seem to understand
what was meant when he told her to stop. I knew that she would
lose everything in the end and I wondered why Dr. Forbes did not
go down that route immediately.

"I have even seen imbeciles stop of their own free will before
that point, and this girl is no imbecile. She simply chooses not
to learn from our treatments and punishments. However, taking it
all away immediately deprives a girl of the opportunity to learn
and I always give them the greatest opportunity possible to
reform. It is then a matter of their own choice."

He eventually told her that she would be beaten and given a
further operation. She made little reaction. Perhaps she was
expecting it, perhaps she was hardened by the frequency and
severity of her previous reatment, or perhaps she did not fully
comprehend what was in store for her. She left.

Maud Brown was a mouse-like girl, anxious, timid and terrified of
anything and everything around her. She had never been suspected
or inspected. Dr. Forbes was very gentle with her, unlike his
treatment of Jane Palmer. He showed her how to position herself
on the couch.

He gently parted her pubic hair and did a thorough examination
before starting to press on her clitoral shaft. Soon she became
aroused and it was clear that she was terrified of revealing
this, but he gently told her that it was normal as long as she
just relaxed and did not squeeze her internal muscles and clench
when this occurred. She did indeed clench once or twice but
relaxed and controlled it again.

"You were anxious about something, yet I can tell that you have
been good and have not given away to these feelings. What is it?"

"Don't know, Sir."

"Every girl gets strong feelings from time to time, this is
perfectly normal. The proper thing to do is to relax, just as you
did then, until the feelings subside. It is only wrong if you
deliberately provoke those feelings and abuse yourself by
touching or pressing your secret parts when the feelings are
strong. People who do this can find that a terrible thing called
pollution occurs. This is what happens if these feelings are
deliberately made to get stronger and stronger until suddenly
they get too much for your young mind to stand; they overflow and
cause a convulsion through the whole body and give a tremendous
shock to the whole nervous system. This is what we call
self-pollution. When that happens the nervous system is damaged
in such a way that the will-power is sapped and the ability to
resist this force is weakened. Each time it is repeated there is
more damage. People end up mad, having to be confined to lunatic
asylums. The best way is never to start. The fact that you have
demonstrated to me that you can resist this force tells me that
you are a good girl and that you have not given away to this
evil.

"But there is still something that troubles you. You can tell me
what it is; you will not be punished."

I asked: "Have the other girls been misleading you, telling you
dreadful stories?"

"Please, Sir, sometimes, not often, when I'm asleep, I get funny
dreams, and when I wake up . . "

"You experience a pollution on waking up from these dreams?"

"Yes, Sir."

"You were quite right to tell me. How often does this occur?"

"The night before last was the fourth time."

"Did this happen before you started having the monthly curse?"

"Oh, no Sir, the first time was soon after. I didn't think
anything of it the first two times but not long ago I was asking
another girl about why she had had to have an operation and she
told me about self-abuse and self-pollution and the strong
feelings. Pollution sounded a bit like what happened to me so I
described what happened in my dream and she said that she never
had this. She must have told some other girls because they all
started telling me that this was self-pollution and that I had to
stop myself or you would stop me."

Dr. Forbes was consulting his notes. "Your monthly curse started
about a year ago, is that right?"

"Yes, Sir."

"If this happened too often it would require investigation and
perhaps some treatment, but four times in a year is perfectly
acceptable. Girls who abuse themselves do not experience this;
that is why they told you stories. Tell me about your dream! What
happened?"

"Oh, Sir, I feel so ashamed. I dreamed of doing things that I
could not think of doing when I was awake."

"You can tell us."

"Oh, dear. I was in the bath, but there was another girl in the
bath with me. I would never do that, Sir, I know it to be
dreadfully wrong, Sir."

"All right, go on!"

"Well, she was at one end and I was at the other and she was
splashing water at me and I was splashing water at her, and the
splashing got stronger and stronger and there was water
everywhere, and then it happened and I awoke immediately, Sir."

"Who was this girl?"

"Amanda Grey, Sir."

"Is she a friend of yours? Someone you speak to a lot?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Is she the one you told about these dreams?"

"No, Sir, well, I did tell her, but she didn't know anything and
that's why I told Jane Ross, because she has been to see you
several times and has had four operations. It was Jane Ross that
told the other girls and . . . "

"Jane Ross is a very silly little girl. I remember her. She
pretends to know everything because she has had some very bad
street experience before she came here, but really she knows
nothing. You should not listen to her. You should have come
straight to me.

"Now, when you are with Amanda Grey, do you experience strong
feelings?"

"Oh, no. Sir!"

"I shall have to examine her, and if your friendship is or
becomes the kind that causes either of you to have the sort of
strong feelings that could lead to self-abuse or pollution, then
the friendship will have to stop. As long as the friendship is
pure and modest, then it can continue.

"I shall also need to speak to Jane Ross. Who were the other
girls who were telling you stories?"

It took some time to draw this all out of her, as she was afraid
of being the butt of vengeance. These girls would be put on the
list for next week.

It was already late in the day, so the girls that Miss Arbuthnott
had selected at random for examination were allowed to return to
their normal activities. We bid our fare-wells to Miss Arbuthnot
and her staff and left forthwith.

The next day I returned as the girls were all taking their
evening meal. I determined that Sandra Goodall should be unaware
of my presence in the school. As I had requested, her bed had
been duly relocated in one of the dormitories of the younger
girls, and I watched as she competently and quietly supervised
their undressing and nighttime prayers. Once they were settled,
she lit the night-lights around the big room and extinguished the
brighter lights of the oil-lamps. Then she undressed herself and
climbed into bed.

It took some time for the whole dormitory to become quiet and
Sandra had to get out a number of times and tell one or another
girl to stop chattering and go to sleep. Eventually all was
quiet, and Sandra seemed to go to sleep. She was lying quite
still, on her back with her thighs together and her arms above
the blankets, the hands clasped modestly over her stomach.

The movement that I had expected began: it was barely
perceptible, the thighs tightening, holding for a few seconds and
then relaxing. Several staff members were stationed nearby, I
gestured two over to observe with me and to witness what
transpired.

It was done in time with her breathing so that the movement could
easily be mistaken for a consequence of breathing. Perhaps half
an hour elapsed whilst there was little increase in the pace or
strength of the movements. Her breathing slowly became just a
little louder, deeper and quicker, and then, suddenly, you could
see the hands grasp and stretch, the face tightened into a
grimace. I signalled to the waiting staff to fetch the girl. They
went to her bedside, threw back the covers and lifted her out.
She called out briefly in surprise.

I examined her in a nearby room. The parts were flowing with
fluid and shining with arousal. I asked her to demonstrate just
what she had been doing. She seemed not to know what I was
asking. I made her put her thighs together as I had seen her, and
to squeeze and relax the muscles.

"I often do that before I go to sleep, it relaxes me," she said.
She seemed genuinely not to know that she had done anything wrong.

"And what about the feelings that you get when your hands clench
and stretch, your face screws up in a devilish grimace and your
heart pounds?" I asked. From her response, it seemed that she
truly had never thought anything wrong in it.

"The thigh squeezing is self-abuse," I said, "and the point where
the heart pounds and the face goes into a rictus is a pollution.
This is the thing that Dr. Forbes has been trying to stamp
out all these years." I was still unsure whether she was truly
unaware of what she had been doing or whether she was very sly
and deceitful.

"This is the first time that you have been caught. From now on,
you will be carefully watched. You know what the consequences
will be if you are caught again. I shall not lecture you now on
the dangers of this habit as it is late at night; you are
probably already aware of how serious this is, but I shall ask
Dr. Forbes to explain everything to you on his next visit."

I sent her back to bed and gave instructions to the staff to
watch out for signs of this form of self-abuse in others. I went
to bed as I had to rise early in the morning.








