This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Mouth part 6 (mF, anal, blackmail, inc, nc, oral, impreg?, reluc)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Jay never told Leslie who the third guy was in their foursome that night. Despite how fucked up the situation had been and how scared she was that she might get pregnant, it had been one of the most exciting sexual experiences of her life, to be tied up and manhandled by three men...well, young men. She certainly couldn't call her little brother or his friend Cal boys anymore, not after they forced her to take their virginities.

In the late morning Jay demanded another blowjob.

"Jay..." she said, embarrassed, "Could you...go down on me again?"

He unzipped his pants and his six incher popped out. "Naw, I don't want to have to wait for you to blow me, and I won't want to lick your twat afterward."

"We could sixty-nine..."

"What's that?"

They adjourned to her bedroom and she stripped for him while he lay on her bed. His cock got harder looking at her sexy 19-year-old body as she revealed each part of it to him again. Then she got on top of him and turned around into the classic sixty-nine position, her pussy over his face and her face above his cock.

"Now lick me..." she said back at him, and then she engulfed his cock with her mouth.

Jay had learned from his buddy Cal's big brother Steve just last night how to lick pussy, but getting his dick sucked at the same time was distracting! Leslie lowered her pussy to his mouth and he started to lick, but it was upside down from how he had learned so it was awkward.

"Mmm..." Leslie moaned around her brother's cock. He was obviously still an amateur but what he was doing was better than nothing.

Soon Jay pushed one finger inside his sister's pussy and his tongue found her clit. She started to move her hips up and down in order to increase the penetration while sucking harder on his pecker.

She had gotten close to cumming when Jay cried out and his penis throbbed. A second later her mouth was filled with his cum. She swallowed expertly, as he got upset if she didn't. And then Jay stopped playing with her slit.

"Ohhh..." she moaned in disappointment, pushing her pussy at his face.

"Get off!" he ordered.

'That's what I was trying to do,' she said to herself, but she clambered off of him. He also ordered her to make some lunch, without putting her clothes back on first.

---

As she washed the dishes later he came up behind her naked form, reached around and started to play with her clit. She got wet quickly and he slipped a finger inside her. She stopped with the dishes and used her hands to steady herself, bending over so Jay had better access to her pussy.

Which was the wrong thing to do because Jay then dropped his shorts and lined his cock up with her now wet and ready vagina. Before she could say anything it slipped inside her.

"Oh!" she gasped, and he pushed her head down so her butt went back and he then had a better angle. He thrust hard, burying his dick all the way inside her.

She didn't want this! It felt good, sure, but each time he was inside her increased the chance he would cum, and she was very fertile right then! Getting pregnant from her brother would ruin her life!

Still, she hadn't cum from the sixty-nine they had done earlier, so she was overdue for her orgasm. His cock, his disgusting incestuous dick, was making her feel really good as he rammed into her. She was already getting close.

But if she came, would her clasping pussy walls cause him to cum too? She was torn, and close...she almost didn't care anymore, if she could just get that release...

He pulled out, making her feel utterly empty. She moaned in disappointment.

"Hey, we should watch a movie."

---

They sat side-by-side on the couch, her still naked, and the movie he pulled up on FlixNet was a romantic drama, which seemed out of character for him. Of course, everything he had done over the past few days had been out of character...or was it his real character coming through now that he no longer had to hide it? But if this was the real him, then why was he watching a romantic movie with his sister?

At one point the main characters were making out on a couch similar to the one they themselves sat on. Suddenly the female protagonist got up and straddled her partner. She fumbled with the guy's pants and because she was wearing a skirt she was able to simulate fucking him while keeping the movie from becoming X-rated. It was a very sexy scene, though, and Leslie felt her nipples harden and her pussy become wet.

"We should do that," Jay said next to her. She looked down and saw that he had extracted his cock again, but Leslie was naked instead of wearing a skirt like the actress.

"I..." she didn't want that. Up until this point Jay had always been on top of her or behind her when he fucked -- no, raped -- her. For her to get on top...

"Do it!" he commanded.

She got up and climbed astride him tentatively. Despite Jay being beneath her she actually felt more vulnerable than with their other sex sessions.

Jay lined his hard cock up with her pussy. She looked away as she felt the head start to push between her vaginal lips. Then he grabbed her hips and pulled down. Half his cock rushed into her and she gasped.

Jay looked back at the TV. The male actor was massaging his partner's boob as she gasped and bounced in his lap. Jay pulled Leslie all the way down so their crotches were grinding together and then likewise groped her boob. Both of them moaned.

"Ride me," Jay urged. He grabbed Leslie's hips and pulled her up and then back down. She continued the movement, and soon she felt her orgasm, twice denied to her, approaching again.

'No, no...' she said to herself. This was so dangerous!

Jay continued to watch the R-rated carnal display on the TV. "Kiss me," he said to his sister as she bounced in his lap.

She stopped. "WHAT?!"

"I said kiss me!" He pulled at her head, trying to bring her mouth closer to his.

"No! That's...gross! You're my brother!"

"More gross than fucking your brother? More gross than cumming on your brother's cock?" He moved his hands back to her hips and ground his crotch into hers, eliciting a gasp from her.

She hesitated, and then bent down to lightly kiss his lips. He then moved forward and smashed his lips into hers. His tongue snaked between them. His hands urged her to move her hips again.

She did so, not breaking the kiss. She was so confused...her body felt so good right then, her pussy filled with hard cock while her brother was kissing her passionately.

Then his fingers moved to her nipples and pinched them. That elusive orgasm, twice denied to her that day, blew through her defenses and blossomed deep inside her. She frenched her brother hard and bounced in his lap energetically as pleasure exploded within her, around that hard cock.

"Nhh! Mhhhh!" she grunted as she rode her brother, continuing to kiss him as he made her cum.

Jay had been surprised when his sister had started to shove her tongue down his throat. Then he felt her pussy grip his dick hard as she came and he realized that he was going to cum too.

But if he did that then she was probably going to get pregnant! A part of him wanted to impregnate his big sister, the bitch that lorded her seniority over him a lot while they were growing up, but she had pointed out just a few nights ago that if he got her pregnant then he would have no more power over her; the fake incest video of her that he and his buddy Cal had doctored wasn't worse than the stigma of carrying her brother's baby.

His cock started to feel REALLY good and he was moments away from blasting her insides with sperm! He grabbed her hips, forcing her to stay still. He broke the kiss.

"Don't...move!" he grunted, gritting his teeth. He tensed the muscles down there, willing himself not to cum.

"Wha--?" Leslie tried to keep moving but then she realized what was happening and tried to get off of his dick.

"NO!" he yelled, holding her tighter. "Don't move!

She felt a throb deep inside her and her blood ran cold. "Did you...?"

"No," he lied through closed teeth. He had cum just a little when she tried to pull off of him.

Deep inside the college girl's primed reproductive system a large drop of sperm-filled semen dripped from the tip of the boy's penis and transferred itself to the walls of her vagina.

Both of them remained perfectly still.

Throb. "Jay..."

"I'm...holding it!" Another drop of potent babymaking seed was being absorbed into his sister's depths.

Finally Jay felt in control again. He let go of Leslie's hips and she quickly moved up and off of his dangerous prong. She turned away and bent over to see if any of his cum was running out of her.

This put her in a very compromising position. Jay shoved her forward so that she landed on her hands and knees, her butt in the air.

Jay had never really considered this before, but he was so horny he didn't care. If he couldn't cum in her pussy...

He pushed his cock up against his sister's asshole.

She felt it. "Jay, no! Not there!" Then she felt him push, and surprisingly his cock head popped through her anal sphincter.

What she didn't know was that some of the semen he had extruded had acted as lubricant, making it easy for him to penetrate her ass.

"Aah!" she cried out at the intrusion. She had never done anal before!

Jay was able to get half of his cock in her before he started to cum. "Agh! Shit!" he cried out as his doomed sperm blasted into...well, shit.

He pulled out and Leslie flopped down, defeated. "Ohhh..." she groaned. She felt lucky that he hadn't fully embedded himself in her ass, as it had been painful.

'She deserves to feel good after that,' Jay thought to himself, and he reached underneath her in order to find her clitoris.

"Uh?" Leslie gasped at the unexpected contact. Her orgasm had been cut short when Jay had almost cum while they were on the couch so her clit was super sensitive. "Ohh...Jay..."

Jay easily found her extended clit. He also took his other hand and dipped two fingers into her pussy. Soon she was gasping, close to orgasm. Jay felt warm liquid on his fingers as he thrust them into his sister's overheated depths.

Finally she came. "Unhh! Ohhh!" She pushed back at his penetrating digits as he felt her insides grip them.

Finally she collapsed forward, dislodging his fingers. Jay then saw they were glistening, but not with her vaginal secretions...with semen!

He looked at Leslie's behind. The load of cum he had left in her ass had spilled out and down her perineum, finally inundating her pussy lips, and he hadn't realized that he had just been pushing that potent sperm inside her! Man! He had finally decided that getting cum inside his sister wasn't a good idea and now he couldn't help it!

He thought fast: "We should get cleaned up. To the shower!" He had to help her up, and got her into the bathroom and under the shower spray before she noticed the dangerous mess.

When they were done he was hard again due to the proximity of her wet, naked body, and the thought of his secret swimmers inside her. She sniffed his cock to make sure it was clean and then gave him his final blowjob of the night. He would have sixty-nined with her if she had asked but it looked like she was dead tired and just wanted to get to bed.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).
