Shoe Shopping and Teasing
 My name is Lindsey and I am a bored housewife. I got married last 
year and I never knew how lonely I would be sitting at home all day. 
Anyway, I am 23 years-old and I met my husband, Carl, in college. 
Carl makes good money so I can stay at home, but he is constantly 
traveling and when he is in town, he works long hours.

So, about 3 months after we got married, I decided to start teasing 
men with my body. See, before I got married, I dated several men at 
a time. I have what most people would consider a killer body and I 
never even have to work out to keep fit.

So, it all started when I went to the mall one day looking for shoes 
and I saw this cute guy working in the shoe department and I decided 
to have some fun.

Since I was in the store early, the place was dead and I was the 
only customer at the time. I immediately asked for some help and the 
cute guy introduced himself as Brian. I told him that I wanted to 
try on some sandals in size 6. 

Brian asked me a few questions about the types of sandals that I 
liked and he told me to have a seat. 

A few minutes later he returned with about 10 boxes and kneeled on 
the floor in front of me. I lifted my right foot and placed it on 
Brian's thigh so he could remove my shoe. Since I was wearing a sun 
dress that day, I knew the Brian would get a good view if he was 
positioned just right.

Brian placed on leg on my calf while he slowly unties my laces. I 
purposely shifted my foot so that it would slide off of his thigh 
and when my foot fell down, Brian's hand slid up my calf to the back 
of my knee.

I apologized and when I put my foot back on his thigh, my dress slid 
up my leg and bunched up around my waist. 

I knew that Brian had an unobstructed view of my knickers, and since 
I was wearing see-through knickers, I knew that he could see my 
pussy.

Brian stared at my pussy while talking about the weather. I 
pretended to not notice my dress and when he removed my shoe, I saw 
him lean forward to grab a sandal and when he did that, his face was 
inches from my pussy.

I pretended to notice my dress and I pulled it down apologizing.

Brian was smooth and said, "Don't be embarrassed, I am kind of like 
a OB/GYN, I stare at women's crotches all day long."

I smiled and said, "well, I guess that nobody is around, so I have 
nothing to be embarrassed about if you don't care."

I tried on all of the shoes that Brian brought out, each time, 
allowing him to view my pussy from just inches away.

Finally, I found a pair of sandals that I told Brian I liked, and he 
suggested that I stand up and walk around in them.

Brian was still kneeling on the floor and when I stood up I walked a 
few steps and then bent over so that my ass was in Brian's face. 

Since I bent over so quickly, I felt my dress flip up onto my back 
and I knew that my knickers were exposed. I took a step backwards, 
pretending to adjust a strap on the sandal and I felt Brian's face 
brush against my upper thighs.

I had never intended for that to happen, so I struggled to not stand 
up. I remained bent over and I even pushed back farther against 
Brian and I felt his nose press against my crotch.

Brian must have taken a few seconds to get up the nerve because 
about 5 seconds later, I felt his tongue lick my inner thighs.

I pointed at the buckle on the sandal and I said, "I like that."

Brian continued to lick my thigh and said, "I like it too."

Then Brian pointed at a design on the top of the sandal and at the 
same time used his hand to pull my knickers to the side. Brian said, 
"how do you like this?"

He then ran his tongue along my pussy lips and shoved it deep into 
my pussy.

I stood there bent over with this stranger licking my pussy and it 
felt great and I told him, "I love that."

After about a minute of eating my pussy Brian stopped when there was 
a loud bell ringing. I looked up to see the top of some lady's head 
walking in the front door of the shop.

I stood up and my dress fell into place.

I turned to Brian and I said, "I am not sure about this sandal. Let 
me think about it and I will come back tomorrow. What time is best 
for me to come back so that you can help me without any 
interruptions?"

Brian smiled and said, "I am the manager and although the store 
opens at 10 a.m., I can let you in at 9:00 am if you like."

I said, "That sounds great. I can have you all alone for an hour. 
Buying shoes gives me pleasure. An hour tomorrow should be enough 
time for you to help bring me pleasure." 

