Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 23)

Hurrying back downstairs, I approached Lucy who was still hugging the wall. She turned her head as far as she could while still keeping her nose pressed to the punishment spot. She strained her eyes to see if Joseph was accompanying me. To her relief, she saw I was alone.

As soon as I allowed, she stepped back from the wall and turned to face me. Her hand immediately went behind her to rub her bottom. The physical pain had most assuredly subsided by that point. Even the redness had almost completely faded away. But I didn't stop her from going through the motions of comforting herself and trying to rub the memory away.

Letting some anger seep into my voice, I revealed that her blatant disobedience had earned her one final bonus task. "Since I can't trust you to be alone anymore, you're going to have to sleep in my room tonight. In fact, you're going to share a sleeping bag with Joseph."

A blush formed on her cheeks as she imagined the immense task ahead of her. She thought she would have to spend all night on high alert, constantly working to maintain the gap between her and Joseph. With two young people in a sleeping bag designed for one adult, that gap would be measured in millimeters; and a precious few at that. And with her dare forcing her to remain naked, the only other layer of separation she could count on would be the thin fabric of his own pajamas.

Little did she know that Joseph wasn't wearing any pajamas! Also, I'm sure she was picturing a full-sized sleeping bag. But I didn't think it necessary to reveal that little detail just yet.

To convince my naked little sister to climb into a pathetically tiny sleeping bag already occupied by a cute boy would have to be one of my greatest feats. I had my work cut out for me.

Adopting my most authoritative voice, I continued, "now I expect you to follow my every instruction. And I better not detect even the slightest hesitation from you for the rest of the night. If you have any reservations, just remind yourself what you did to earn this task."

Standing up a little straighter, she nodded solemnly. She was determined to redeem herself and prove to me that I could trust her again.

"So, if I tell you to jump up and down on one foot..." I said, looking at her expectantly.

It didn't register with her that I was giving her a command until I snapped my fingers. I caught her glance around to make sure Joseph wasn't watching from some distant hiding spot, then lifted one foot into the air and started jumping. Her pigtails bounced wildly around her head. But that wasn't the only part of her that was bouncing.

"You better stop worrying about him and start worrying about me. Your job is to do what I say, not worry what Joseph might think about it. Put your foot down and touch your nose."

I snapped again and she complied faster this time. Better, but I suspected that's because the second ask was easier. She was already eager to end her naked body's jiggling display. But would she comply with an even more embarrassing ask?

"Pinch your nipples," I said with another snap. If I hadn't been watching keenly, I would have missed the subtle hesitation in her movement. But move, she did, so I let it pass. As soon as her fingers closed in a pinch around her turgid aching peaks, she let out a sexy gasp of surprise and her eyes rolled back in her head.

Satisfied, I snapped again, "Good, now drop your hands."

She released her girls with a regretful whine. Her little pink nipples were angry at having been ignored all day. One short pinch was not near enough to satiate them. They clearly demanded a longer and more thorough play session. All in good time, Goosey.

Before leading her upstairs, I gave her one final instruction.

"He might be shy at first; especially since he's being asked to sleep in such a strange environment. So, to help him be more comfortable with the arrangements, as you're getting settled in to sleep, I want you to take both his hands and place them somewhere on your body, wherever you want, and hold them there for a while."

I doubted she would have to hold his hands in place very long. Once he got used to the sensation, they would be more than happy to embrace the soft, warm body of a naked girl all night. After tonight, he would never be able to go back to snuggling boring old teddy bears!

Lucy balked when we reached the threshold to my bedroom and the magnitude of her task was revealed. Joseph was lying flat on his back with his head on her pillow. He had stretched the sleeping bag as far as it would go up his body, which wasn't much higher than his waist. I could still see his belly button. It wrapped so tightly around him that his legs and feet pretty much filled the entire bag.

To get her moving again, and as a gently reminder that I was still in control of the situation, I gave her a couple of soft pats on her bottom. I could still feel the residual warmth from her solitary spank.

She inched her way into the room, still traumatized by the revelation laid out before her. She was blushing furiously at the prospect of somehow stuffing her lower half into a space that was already fully occupied by a cute boy's lower half. And she didn't even know yet that he was naked!

"Sorry about that delay, Joseph. I had to deal with a little situation. Lucy was misbehaving and had to get a spanking," she turned her head so quickly that her pigtails spiraled out parallel with the ground for a moment. Obviously, she was petrified that I had made her recent corporal punishment a topic of discussion with Joseph Beski. But she had brought it on herself. She needed to feel ashamed about it.

"Don't worry, it was just one and it's all good now," I said reassuringly, "in fact, it didn’t even leave a mark." With a snap of my fingers, I added, "Lucy, turn around and show Joseph that your bottom is fine."

When she heard my snap, she automatically spun in place. She mouthed something to herself which I couldn't quite make out before burying her face in her hands while Joseph inspected to make sure the naughty girl's bare bottom was still as fine as ever. As he stared, his erection grew until it was pitching a little tent in the tight fabric encircling him. Somebody was getting into the camping spirit!

Just when she thought the situation couldn't get any more humiliating, I ordered her to bed.

Addressing my sister, I said, "I'm not sure why, but Joseph really likes your sleeping bag, Goosey. In fact, he jumped right in as soon as he saw it. You don't mind sharing, do you?"

"I don't mind," she replied through clenched teeth.

Obviously, Joseph had to have been assuming that I would setup another spot for Lucy nearby. So, he was caught totally off guard by these new developments.

"Great!" I said, "I need to run and take a shower, but I want to make sure you get settled in before I go." I punctuated that sentence with another snap of my fingers.

He turned white and his eyes opened wider and wider as the gorgeous naked girl suddenly started walking toward him. Working quickly before she could lose her nerve, she sat down on her bottom beside him and grabbed the edge of the bag.


Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 24)

The opening beside him couldn't have been more than about four inches across. Sliding her shiny pink toenails into the hole, she worked her feet and lower legs into the sack until the opening was quickly filled. Even as her feet slid down the outside of his bare hip and leg, it didn’t register that she wasn't encountering any fabric from his shorts or underwear.

Her ideal sleeping position would have been to have them both laying side by side on their backs so that their hips and shoulders might be touching, but little else. But once she got in up to about her knees, it became obvious that position would be impossible to achieve. The fabric was already stretched to its limit horizontally, and the curviest part of her young body, her hips and bottom would never fit like that.

Her next best option was for both of them to sleep on their side facing the same direction with her body tucked into his like stacked cups. It meant quite a bit more direct skin to skin contact, with her entire back side, including her naked bottom, essentially pressed into his front like that. But it was still better than the extremely embarrassing alternative, turning the other way and sleeping face to face with him.

Opting for the lessor of two evils, she made up her mind and rolled over on her left side. As she tugged on the sleeping bag to make the opening fit her shape, Joseph was also dragged over. Realizing that would put his naked front side facing her naked back side, he stuck one arm out on the floor ahead of him. But the gesture came way too late to counteract his roll.

The maneuver had opened a little extra room for her. It would be just enough to fit the rest of her lower body into the bag, but only by sacrificing the already slim gap that remained between their bodies. With an anguished look on her face, she scooted her hips backward. Joseph's face bloomed red as the naked girl's delicious bottom came in direct contact with his equally bare stomach.

She was able to resume lowering herself into the bag by using a back-and-forth wiggling motion. Overwhelmed by the degrading act of rubbing her naked bottom down the cute boy’s body, she pursed her lips and squeezed her eyes tightly as if to shut out the world and pretend it wasn't happening.

But pretty soon her eyes shot wide open in surprise once the backs of her legs came in contact with certain parts of his anatomy. I smiled watching the revelation that Joseph was as naked as her dawn on her face. Her mouth formed into an "o" shape as she felt something hot poking into her smooth strong legs.

A myriad of expressions was passed over Joseph's face as his stiff, hairless appendage worked its way toward its final resting place for the night.

With a look of panic on her face, she looked down toward the embarrassing development. At that age, her understanding of male sexual anatomy and function was extremely limited. But, encased by the sleeping bag, she had no way to reach between her legs or even see what was going on down there.

She only knew some foreign object attached to Joseph was coming very close to somewhere she desperately did not want it to go. She looked like she wanted to curl up into a ball and die of humiliation. But she had to settle for arching her back and flexing her bottom muscles as tight as they would go to hope the object stayed where it was and did not intrude any higher. Now it was Joseph's turn to react to the sensation.

The pair looked up at me in fright as I walked over to better assess the situation. Unlike Lucy, I did have personal understanding of male anatomy. By straining her whole body against the constricting bag, she had achieved the tiniest amount of space between them. But she would never be able to maintain that position all night. And I knew, every move she made would only create more friction on an incredibly sensitive part of his anatomy. How many times would it take before his body caught on and nature took over?

She needed my help if she was going to make it through the night. Coming around behind them, I found exactly what I was looking for hanging from the rim of the sleeping bag near the small of his back: the drawstring.

"Ok, you two," I chastised, "It's time to stop goofing around and get some sleep."

Grabbing both ends of the string, I pulled insistently. The poor was forced to relax and let her unprotected bottom be drawn back into contact with Joseph's lap. I secured the string using a special knot Riviera Dave had taught me. Because of its awkward location, I knew neither one of them would be able to reach or loosen it without my help.

With the string cinched tightly around their waist, she could no longer pull away from him. But just as critically, should he get the urge at any point of the night, he would not be able to thrust his hips at all or create any friction where it was most desired. So, while their entangled legs could still move and rub against each other inside the sack, and their upper bodies still had freedom of motion (except for his left arm which had ended up trapped beneath her), their midsections were totally immobilized.

Unable to pull even a little bit away, I saw a look of surrender on her face as she forced her leg and bottom muscles to relax. With absolutely no means of protection remaining, she had no choice but to make an uneasy truce with the warm foreign invader nestled perfectly into the narrow gap between her thighs and hope it did not decide to make a sneak attack on her utterly vulnerable womanhood during the night.

I threw his clothes in the dryer then went to take a brief shower and brush my teeth. I was pleased upon my return to find Lucy had fulfilled the final instruction of her task. Guiding his right hand, she had draped his arm over her like a blanket so that his hand came to rest high on the left side of her rib cage. His left arm, which had been trapped underneath her, was folded up across the front of her with his hand resting just below her right collarbone. That hand was surely able to feel the pounding of her heartbeat through her bare chest.

Now that he was essentially holding her in a naked embrace, I knew there was no part of her body that could not feel some part of him. While Lucy was still blushing furiously, her partner seemed to have grown steadily more enthusiastic about the sleeping arrangements. Both his twitchy hands looked poised and eager to explore her impressive young tits which had been tempting him all day. Conversely, her hands were gripping them firmly in a likely attempt to hold them in place and keep him at bay at least for a little while longer.

I smiled to myself as I bid the naked squirming campers a goodnight, flipped the lights off, and climbed into my own bed to sleep peacefully.

They both happened to be asleep when I awoke the next morning. But neither one looked they had slept very soundly. At some point, Lucy must have seen the futility of trying to retain any form of modesty when a curious boy had such easy access to her body. Her hands were tucked under the pillow while Joseph's were each happily holding one of her naked breasts.

Retrieving his clean clothes, I folded them into a pile next to him then began to untie the string which had kept their bodies coupled all night. As I was releasing the knot, she began to stir. But she was disoriented, like she was still half-asleep.

When she raised her arms above her head and attempted to stretch, Joseph was roused and gave her boobs an involuntary squeeze. Her eyes snapped open as the long night's ordeal came rushing back to her and she realized it wasn't just a bad dream.

Pushing her hands off him, she scrambled out of the sleeping bag as soon as the string was loosened and ran from the room in utter embarrassment. I gave Joseph some privacy to get dressed before making my blushing sister come downstairs to see him off. His eyes made one last journey over her gorgeous naked body before he turned to leave. The spring in his step as he was walking down the sidewalk told me he would cherish the memory of that day and night forever.

After ordering Lucy to be good, I went to take my driver's test.

"Hurry home," she requested, "and please don't fail this time!"

You'll be glad to hear that, after two miserable failed attempts, I finally passed. In fact, I aced it! With my new permit in hand, I raced home. It was nice to see my naked study buddy greeting me at the door. She did a happy dance just as I had imagined when I pulled my brand-new driver's permit out from behind my back.

"My dare is over now, right?" she asked, her whole body buzzing with excitement and arousal.

"Yes, Goosey," I replied, "you did it."

After another sexy bounce of joy, she folded her hands in front of her and sweetly asked the required question.

"Do you want to watch the first one?"

She was, of course, referring to her first diamond. It was a requirement at the end of each dare that she had to offer to let me watch her make her first one. She had been needing to make one for hours and couldn't wait any longer. But this time, I just had to try something else out.

"Yes," I confirmed. But when she immediately moved to reach between her legs, I caught her hand. Leading her over to the stairs, I added, "but you look like you need another bath and massage first."
