Summary: A skilled older woman gives quite a thrashing to a male colleague.
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Bonnie and My Sins

Story: Bonnie and My Sins

Bonnie came to work as the department secretary to replace one who 
had recently left.  She was a few years older than I, and had a sort 
of "schoolmarm" look about her.  She quickly developed a reputation 
for not taking any crap from anyone, as well as an incisive sense of 
humor.  Bonnie struck me as sort of prudish, from what I observed of 
her interaction with others.  Still, I had a kind of electric feeling 
of attraction to her.

Bonnie frequently was in a side office performing some tedious data 
entry.  She'd occasionally call on me to help with some problems she 
had when the workstation was not configured correctly, and other 
types of problems which typically come and go.  She felt that she 
could call on me because I would always take her concerns seriously 
and she felt that the others on the staff made fun of her for 
experiencing the problems.

One day, after I fixed some configuration problem for her, Bonnie, 
with a big sigh, resumed her data entry.  She looked rather weary, 
and I felt that attraction to her again.  I noticed she was wearing a 
tan sweater, the one she frequently wore.  Then I took a big risk - 
standing behind her, I started to give her a shoulder massage.  I had 
no idea how she'd react, and after all, this was the mid-nineties, 
with all the corporate warnings about sexual harassment.  She 
immediately stopped typing and started "purring", telling me how good 
it felt.  Meanwhile I was getting quite a sturdy erection from the 
contact.  I continued the shoulder massage for a moment or two, then 
with a couple of pats on her shoulder, I let her know it was over, 
and I left.

A couple of days later I was "summoned" by Bonnie to the side office 
where she was busily involved in data entry.  She sat down at the 
workstation and pointed to her shoulder and said, "Rub my shoulders." 
  She said it in an asking way, but I knew it was a command.  She 
purred as I massaged her shoulders and upper back, and as happened 
the previous time, I got a raging hard-on.    With a few tender rubs 
I finished, and, knowing that my hanging around would present an 
awkward situation, I left.

I had been in Bonnie's work area when other people from the company 
occasionally gathered, water-cooler style, to complain about 
management, their salaries, and working conditions.  And, keeping 
quiet, I managed to find out more about Bonnie from what she said to 
this person and that person.  She was divorced, and had lived by 
herself for several years.  She had her own house, and was not 
"looking for a catch".

I decided to have a party at my house as a pretext for getting to 
know Bonnie better, and I invited her.  Actually it was a little 
get-together, not a big party, and everyone enjoyed themselves.  When 
Bonnie looked as though she was getting ready to leave, I took her 
aside and said, "Don't leave yet, Bonnie.  Stay here and I'll give 
you a nice back rub after everyone's gone.  You won't be so tired 
after that."

She allowed as she liked the idea of getting a back rub, so she 
stayed and waited patiently for the last of the stragglers to leave, 
even gathering her coat as if she was going to leave, so it wouldn't 
be so obvious that she was staying.

Bonnie helped me clean up the living room for a few minutes after 
everyone else left.  After making sure that the music wouldn't run 
out anytime soon, I said, "Okay, time for your back rub."  I spread a 
quilt on the living room floor and motioned for her to come and lay 
face down on the quilt.  I was pleasantly surprised at how willing 
she was to do that.  My hard-on was raging again, and I was taking 
mental cold showers trying to keep from making an unseemly move.

Starting out slowly, I massaged Bonnie's shoulders, and I felt 
encouraged when she began to make contented sounds.  Then, feeling a 
little bolder, I straddled her and began to give her a deeper back 
rub.  More contented sounds from Bonnie.  Encouraged, I placed my 
hands under her sweater and began to massage her back, starting at 
her lower back and working upward.  When my hands encountered her bra 
strap, I unhooked it in an instant and lightly scratched her back 
where her bra strap had covered.  I know from experience that women 
really like that.  More purring from Bonnie.  I was extremely aroused 
now.  I continued massaging her back, then pulled my hands out from 
under her sweater, and shifted my attention to her legs.  She wore 
shorts and sneakers that evening, and I started massaging her lower 
calf and working up.  When I got above her knees, I wondered how far 
I should go.  My jeans were almost bursting from my erection, and I'm 
sure it was seeping.  I stopped massaging her legs when I got rather 
close to her crotch.  Leaning forward and giving her a kiss on the 
back of the neck, I said, "Time to turn over now."

Bonnie turned over and as she lay back down, said, "Take off my shoes 
and socks, Mr. O."  She never called me by my first name, but always 
calling me "Mister O.".  My hands almost shaking from the excitement, 
I undid her shoelaces, slipped the sneakers off from her feet, and 
tugged off her white socks.  Now, I've gotten some good results in 
the past from giving ladies a good foot massage, so I used that 
opportunity to take her feet in my hands, one at a time, and firmly 
yet tenderly rub where I thought it would do the most good.  Her 
reactions told me that she liked what I was doing, and after I was 
finished with the foot massage, I gave each of her feet a quick kiss.

Then I started to work up her legs.  When my hands were above her 
knees, I noticed that she was breathing deeply.  I worked up to the 
area just below the hem of her shorts, wondering how to handle the 
situation next.  Fortunately, she handled it for me.  Looking me 
straight in the eye, and in a commanding tone, she said, "Take off 
your pants, Mister O.  It looks as though you're going to split 
them."  I was a teeny bit embarrassed at her seeing my hard-on, but 
no woman ever needs to tell me a second time to take off my pants.  A 
slight smile on my face, I pried my socks off, undid my jeans, and 
pulled them off.  My briefs looked like a tent, with my erection 
straining to get out from under them.  "Take those off too, Mister 
O," Bonnie instructed, much like a fifth-grade teacher to a clueless 
student.  I felt the cool ambient air as I excitedly pulled off my 
briefs, and my erection was sticking out like a flagpole.

Bonnie sat up and took off her sweater, casually throwing it across 
the room.  "You're getting overheated, Mister O.  Take off your 
shirt."  I immediately complied, and was now totally naked before 
this commanding woman.

Then she leaned back and was prone.  Closing her eyes, she ordered, 
"Take my shorts off."  I slipped my fingers inside the waistband of 
her shorts and tugged them down and slipped them off.  I wondered if 
I should have taken her panties off with them.  As if reading my 
thoughts, she said, "These too."  After I helped her out of her 
panties she was totally naked.  "Now continue," she ordered.

My nuts were sorely aching with desire for this woman who was several 
years older than I.  I straddled her at the hips and massaged her 
abdominal area trying to get her relaxed and aroused at the same 
time.  When I got up to the area of her breasts, I made a conscious 
decision to be a little less cautious; after all, we were both naked. 
 I worked both hands lightly around the base of each breast.  Then, 
running my fingertips gently and tenderly all over her firm breasts, 
played with the hardening nipples.

"You are getting me aroused, Mister O," Bonnie stated flatly in a 
matter-of-fact tone.  I didn't know what to do with that statement.  
Was it a complaint, or encouragement?  Or should I take it at face 
value as just a statement of fact?  I leaned down and placed a 
lingering kiss on each nipple.  Then I massaged her face and forehead 
area.  It occurred to me that I was coming close to the end of the 
massage, and was desperately trying to decide what to do next.  I 
characteristically wasn't the kind of guy who was commanding with 
women.  I was painfully shy.

When it was clear that I had finished massaging her forehead, she 
opened her eyes and stated, "You didn't massage my fanny when I was 
turned over."  With that, she flipped herself over almost instantly 
and put her legs together.  Although it was a delight to massage her 
bare fanny, I was wondering how and when I could get some relief from 
my super-aroused state.  My hard-on was starting to seep, and my nuts 
ached dreadfully.  After I had prodded, rubbed, and massaged her 
buttocks for a while, I leaned down and sort of placed myself on top 
of her, with my flagpole tending to nestle itself between her legs.  
I kissed her shoulders and her neck for a few moments.  Then I got up 
and tugged on Bonnie to roll her over on her back.

She easily complied, and with a slight smile, spread her legs apart.  
I climbed between her legs, and she immediately instructed, "Use your 
mouth first, Mister O."  That was the first active encouragement I 
had from her that night, and I needed no further instructions.  
Hungrily, I kissed, licked, tongued, and sucked on her pussy, tasting 
the sweet nectar of her now profuse secretions.  Bonnie became very 
uninhibited now as she approached orgasm.  When she had that first 
orgasm, she rapidly rocked her hips and exclaimed with sounds such as 
"Ahhhh! Uhhhh! Ahhhh! Ohhhhh!"  I gave her a moment to calm down, 
after which she placed both her hands on my head and pulled my face 
toward her pussy again.  Without her saying a word, I knew she wanted 
more, and I devoured her crotch as before.  A few moments later she 
rocked with another orgasm.  After a pause, without being asked, I 
tasted her again and it took a bit longer to bring her to another 
raucous climax.

Bonnie, still breathing heavily, pulled me over on top of her, 
grabbed my throbbing erection and placed it at the portal of her 
womanhood.  A gentle thrust and I went inside of her easily.  I 
slowly thrust all the way in to the hilt, and almost completely out 
again, a few times.  She put her hands on my buttocks and said, "Be 
still!  You'll last longer that way."  I started to gently kiss her 
lips, and she responded with some very sweet kisses.  

Then I felt it.  Her inner muscles were contracting with such a fine 
degree of control that it felt as though I was thrusting into her 
even though I was completely still.  It was the ultimate.  Kind of 
like getting a good blow job while inside of her.  "Oh God, Bonnie, 
that feels so good!" I exclaimed, knowing that I would not last much 
longer.  Then it happened.  "Oh, Bonnie!" I cried as she brought me 
over the edge.  I felt spurts of semen jetting out of me in hot 
pulses as I repeatedly called out her name in ecstasy.

Silently we caressed.  After a comfortable while she had me pull out 
of her and she got up and went to the bathroom.  I freshened up in 
the other bathroom and put some clothes on.  When Bonnie came back 
into the living room, she said severely, "I did not tell you to get 
dressed, Mister O.  Take all those clothes off!"  Then she began to 
put her clothes on.  "Well, what are you waiting for?!" she 
continued.  "Take off all those clothes!"

I was getting a little irritated at her ordering me around in my own 
house.  I held my irritation inside as I shed my clothing.  After 
all, I'd just had the best sex ever, and she might be playing a game. 
 I'll just go along with the game, I told myself.

After she was fully dressed, shoes and all, she sat on the sofa and 
motioned for me to sit next to her.  She began to fondle my testicles 
and penis.  Her touch was very sensuous, and her cool hands felt good 
on my privates.  It did not take very long for me to become fully 
erect again.  Bonnie then released my privates and snuggled up to me. 
 After a while I was no longer erect, but I was starting to become 
confused about her.  Suddenly Bonnie pulled herself away from me, 
tenderly held my hands, looked into my eyes and stated, "Mister O, 
that started out as a backrub, remember?  And you seduced me.  That 
was a sin.  And you led me into sin, also.  And so you must be 
punished.  I'm going to go out and cut some crepe myrtle switches, 
and give you a good thrashing."

A look of surprise must have come over my face.  This "sin" stuff 
definitely was not in the script.  How could she really believe what 
she was saying, when she had reacted so passionately, and had so 
meticulously trained her vaginal muscles to provide such exquisite 
pleasure?

She looked at my crotch area and smiled.  I suddenly realized that I 
was becoming erect again.  She continued, "I want you to acknowledge 
that you deserve a good switching."  At the word "switch" I became 
harder.  It was something Bonnie noticed too.  Pressing me further, 
she said, "Go ahead.  Tell me that you want me to cut some switches 
and punish you for your sinfulness.  Down there, you admit it.  But I 
want you to hear you say it."  Then she was quiet.

My heart was racing with fright and anticipation.  Another minute 
went by with no one saying anything.  She just looked at me.  Several 
times, I opened my mouth to speak, but nothing came out, because I 
didn't even know what I was going to say.

Finally after more merciless silence, I started to speak.  "Bonnie," 
I said with a quavering voice.  Then I paused.  "Bonnie, I...  I 
want..."  Another pause.  "I... Bonnie, I want you to, uh... punish 
me."  I felt a little better after finally getting it out.

"How do you want me to punish you, Mister O?"

"With... with a switch."

"You mean, you want me to go cut some switches and give you a good 
whipping?" she inquired?

"Um... Yes."

"Then say it!" she snapped.

"Bonnie...  I - I'd like you to cut some switches and... and punish 
me good."  I was conscious of a raging erection as I was telling her 
this.

"Very well.  Get me some pruning shears and turn on the outside 
lights.  The I will prepare some switches and thrash you for filling 
me up with your semen."

I did as she directed, waiting in frightened anticipation of what was 
to come, as she spent several minutes outside gathering the switches. 
 When she came back in the house, she was clutching four good-sized 
switches.  Taking a sharp paring knife, she trimmed off the leaves 
and shoots, and smoothed out the surface of the switches.  Then she 
rinsed them off at the kitchen sink.

Going into the living room where I had given her the massage, she 
took two of the back cushions from the sofa and laid them on the 
quilt, one on top of the other, and placed a large towel over them.  
"Come on, Mister O," she directed.  "Face down on top of the 
pillows."  As I took the mandated position, I wondered why I was 
doing this.

Bonnie walked around and stood so that I could see her feet.  "Mister 
O, I'm going to punish you very thoroughly.  Once I start, I will not 
stop until I am finished.  If you put your hands back there while I 
am switching you, I will continue to switch you right on top of them. 
 If you turn over, I will still switch you, right on your front.  So 
it would behoove you, Mister O, to stay face down, even though it 
will sting like the dickens.  One more thing.  If you think that 
you're not going to be able to avoid reaching back there, I can tie 
your hands together in front of you.  I'd hate to see your hands with 
switch marks all over them.  Well?"

"Yes, Bonnie.  Maybe you should tie my hands in front," I heard 
myself tell her.  My mouth was so dry from trepidation that I could 
hardly speak at all.

Bonnie fetched a kitchen towel and very snugly bound my hands in 
front of me, in a way that I could not untie the knots myself.  
Picking up a switch, she warned me, "Remember Mister O, if you turn 
over, I will switch your whats-his-name, so you'd better stay face 
down.  And it's not over until I say so."

There is no punishment like a switching.  Bonnie briskly switched me 
with a fury that I did not imagine possible.  Everywhere the switch 
struck me, I felt a white-hot streak of pain.  I begged her for 
mercy, although I don't recall exactly the words I used.  I bucked 
violently and writhed with twisting contortions as the switch 
relentlessly and vigorously whisked across my naked skin.  There were 
few pauses, during which Bonnie no doubt grabbed a fresh switch to 
continue the merciless whipping.  I must have almost turned to one 
side or the other as she switched me, because I remember some burning 
pain on the front of my hip area several times as Bonnie, true to her 
word, continued to switch where my bared buttocks were supposed to 
have been.

When Bonnie finally stopped the switching, I still bucked and 
writhed, trying to deal with the intense pain, for some moments 
afterward, while she stood and calmly watched me.  "Stay where you 
are, Mister O," said Bonnie.  "I want to get something to soothe your 
distress."  She came back a few moments later with some wet 
washcloths and some ointment.  First she placed the cooling 
washcloths on my striped buttocks.  After several minutes she 
gingerly lifted them off and poured some cream on her hands.  I 
flinched when she touched my well-switched buttocks.  She gently 
rubbed the ointment in until it was gone.

"I'm going to stay the night with you Mister O", she stated 
matter-of-factly.  "I'll be taking care of you and making you feel 
better," she cryptically added.  When I got up I noticed there were 
shreds of the switches all about the room.  She picked up most of 
them and tossed them, along with what was left of the switches that 
she used, into the trash basket.  Bringing me a cool glass of water, 
she told me to drink it all, and when I had, she whispered in my ear, 
"Let's go to bed."

In the bedroom Bonnie disrobed completely, and she took my hand and 
placed it in her crotch.  She was dripping wet.  In spite of the 
soreness from the switching, I started to get hard again.  When 
Bonnie saw that, she smiled and got on the bed with her legs apart 
and said, "Come lay on top of me Mister O."  She slipped my hard 
member in her pussy as I lay on top of her.  She pulled me close so 
that her lips were next to my ear, and started whispering.  "That 
feels good, Mister O."  Bonnie began to very slightly manipulate her 
vaginal muscles so that I could not help thrusting in and out.  I 
thrust harder and harder, and after several minutes she said, "I can 
feel it when a man squirts in there, Mister O."  That sent me over 
the edge and I spurted and spurted as Bonnie moaned and trembled.

I must have fallen asleep almost immediately, still inside Bonnie, 
since I awoke what must have been a couple hours later, still on top 
of her, with her arms around me.  I rolled over on my back and slept 
until it was daylight.  Bonnie had gotten up and dressed some time 
before I awoke.  She came to the bedroom when I got up, and stood in 
the doorway.  "Take a shower and get cleaned up, Mister O, and I'll 
fix us a little breakfast."

I took as cool a shower as I could stand, and washed my switched 
bottom very tenderly to minimize the abrasive pain.  When I finished 
drying off, Bonnie handed me a robe and said that breakfast was 
ready.  Neither of us said much while we ate.  Afterward she told me 
to go back to bed while she got things cleaned up.

When Bonnie came back in the bedroom, she had a container of skin 
cream.  "Over you go, Mister O, time to put some more cream back 
there."  I rolled over face down.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw 
that she was undressing herself.  Then she straddled my back and 
gently patted and rubbed the cream on my abrasions, until it had 
completely soaked in.

"Roll over now Mister O," she commanded.  When I was face up, she 
straddled my chest, placing her pubic area very close to my mouth.  
Reaching back with her hands, Bonnie brushed her fingers lightly 
around my crotch, noticing that I was rising to the occasion.  "Like 
what you see, Mister O?" she inquired.  Changing her position so that 
her pussy was right over my mouth, she said, "Use you mouth now, and 
make me feel good."  Over the next half hour she climaxed three 
times, after which she straddled my throbbing erection and impaled 
herself on it.  After a few minutes of moderate motion, Bonnie placed 
her hands on my chest with her fingers grasping my nipples and gently 
stimulated them.  Suddenly she pinched both my nipples hard.  I 
exclaimed and started bucking my hips.  When she softened the 
pinching, I slowed down.  Then she pinched hard again and I grabbed 
her arms while I bucked my hips some more.  I could not get her to 
let go of my nipples, and the harder she pinched, the wilder I 
bucked, giving her a ride that she was obviously enjoying.  "Bonnie, 
no!  Please," I cried while my hips plunged up and down at a furious 
pace.  She varied the tempo of the ride by altering the intensity of 
her pinching grip on my nipples, until I ejaculated profusely inside 
her.  She used her inner muscles to milk every last drop out of me, 
pulled out, and scooted up so that she was straddling my chest again. 
 Still straddling me, she got up into a kneeling position and placed 
her hands on her abdominal area, her fingers pointing toward her 
pussy.  Using her vaginal muscles, Bonnie ejected the creamy mixture 
of our juices in flowing pulses, letting the mixture pour on to my 
chest.  A copious amount had accumulated after several pulses, and 
Bonnie used her hands to rub the mixture all over my front.

"Stay there," she said, and quickly got dressed.  Then she 
nonchalantly announced, "I have to go home now.  Bye," and left.

I spent a few hours in a confused state, then realized I had to get 
out of the house to clear my head.  I was feeling better after a walk 
through a park, visiting some bookstores, and a meal at a crowded 
diner.

I awoke during the night feeling aroused and masturbated furiously, 
all the while thinking of Bonnie's antics and her well-schooled 
pussy.  The following Tuesday, I got "summoned" to her workstation 
where she was doing some data entry.  When I went over to her, she 
pointed to her shoulders.  I started to massage them, and felt a 
boner coming on.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
