Buffy returns to the office not a happy crime solving puppy.
"Guess what? Knox skedaddled a couple hours ago, and no one knows where he went. I tried his home phone, his cell phone; nothing."

Angel holds up a piece of paper. "I figured he might be less than forthcoming, so I got a warrant to dump his phone."

Buffy comes in for a closer look. "Who's he been calling, I wonder?"

"A landline in a factory that's been abandoned for the past eighteen months."

"And yet they have a phone."

"And electricity. A lot of it. Fridgefuls of blood amounts of electricity."

"And what's the name on all these utilities accounts?"

Angel smiles. "Harmony Kendall."

"Sounds like a fun place to visit. I'll drive."

***
The factory looks abandoned. They check the perimeter for open doors, and find none.
Buffy pouts. "Well, this is anticlimactic. Unless you got a warrant to search here, too?"

Angel smiles, and presents the warrant. Buffy presses an exuberant kiss to his lips.

"I knew I liked you."

Angel breaks open a door with his shoulder. He pulls his gun from the holster, and holds the door open for Buffy.

"After you."

The factory is dark, the air hot and sticky. Buffy removes her gun from the holster, and walks slowly through the hallway, staying close to the wall. They come to the first room, a small office. Buffy flattens herself against the doorjamb. She and her gun peer inside. She nods for Angel to go left, and then goes right herself.

On her way to the desk, Buffy trips over something. She puts a hand over her mouth to stifle her scream when she realizes it's a dead body.

"I found Knox," she says.

Angel hurries to her. He crouches to get a better look at the body, feels for a pulse.

"Shit," he says.

"Is he dead?" Buffy asks. "Cuz he looks really dead."

"He's dead," Angel says, standing. He checks his gun, glances down at Buffy's. "Be careful."

"You know me," Buffy says, but she can hear her voice shaking.

Angel's gaze is serious. "I mean it."

***
They split up to cover more ground. Angel wants a Code Four before they radio in Knox. Blah blah blah SOP. Buffy's glad she's the junior officer; it's much easier to skirt rules and regs that way.
Empty hallway, empty hallway, empty hallway. Who designed this building; MC Escher? Then she rounds a corner and there's something new: a splash of artificial light, the hum of machines. Buffy radios quietly for Angel and approaches the last door on the right, where the light and hum emanate from, gun drawn.

There are long banks of machines Buffy cannot guess the purpose of, until she sees the hanging bags of blood; they must be involved in that heroin-to-blood alchemy. There is a man in the middle of the room, slapping bags of blood into coolers.

Buffy recognizes the blonde hair, prominent cheekbones, and snake-hypnotic stare from his jacket. She enters the room and squares her aim in the center of Pratt's chest.

"Police," she says. "Freeze."

Pratt smiles, runs his eyes over her.

"You're cuter than Darla," he says. "Fresher. Old lady was a little cold, but you know our boy. He likes a firm hand."

Buffy swallows dryly. "William Pratt, you are under arrest. Put your hands on your head, and—and I'll come and . . . arrest you."

"Handcuffs," Pratt says. "That could be fun. Kinky; I like that."

"I'll shoot you," Buffy says.

"By all means."

Pratt takes step towards her. Buffy keeps her aim on the center of his chest, but feels her hands shaking. She's never killed anyone before. The amount of pressure necessary to pull the trigger feels enormous.

"I will," she says. "Stay back. Freeze."

Pratt is only feet away.

"Freeze."

Pratt lunges at her. Buffy's finger is on the trigger but all she can think of is Harmony Kendall's paper-pale body laid out on the slab in the morgue, of Knox sticky and cold in the pool of his own blood, of Merrick and the poppies. The gun goes clattering to the ground, and Pratt's hands are around her wrist, around her throat.

A commanding, familiar voice breaks through Buffy's terror.

"Freeze."

Buffy can feel Pratt's laugh rumbling in his chest before she can actually hear it. Buffy's head swims in terror, spins like a dervish as Pratt wheels them around to face Angel. Angel's hands are steady on his gun, and his gaze is steady on Pratt.

"Angelus," Pratt says. "Long time, no see. Why is it every time we meet, I'm killing the pretty blonde you're boning?"

Angel takes steps toward them. "Let her go, Spike."

There's a whistle, the air tearing, and Buffy sees a flash of silver out of the corner of her eye. Then cold, pressure, pain—a blade pressing to her throat.

"I don't think so, old man," Pratt says. "Put the gun down, or I'll gut another of your girls."

Angel stops advancing toward them, but does not lower his weapon. He looks at Pratt, then at Buffy.

"I'm a good shot, Spike," he says, softly. "Let her go."

Pratt presses the blade further into Buffy's flesh. A bead of blood wells up on the silver edge. Angel's jaw trembles. Slowly, keeping his eyes on Buffy, he crouches, places his gun on the ground. With the side of his foot, he kicks it away; it skitters a few feet and then stops, out of reach.

"Let her go," he says, straightening.

Buffy half expects Pratt to kill her right then and there, but instead the blade is withdrawn and he shoves her violently to the ground. She hits the concrete hard and her world blinks, shuddering black and red. By the time she's regained her bearings, Pratt and Angel are tangling together in a hand-to-hand fight. Buffy tries to rise, to help her partner, but the world throbs again and she falls back to the floor. She hears men's voices shouting wordlessly; the thick, dull noises of flesh on flesh contact. Buffy takes a deep breath, collects all the strength left to her, and pushes her injured body off the concrete, to her hands and knees, to her feet.

Angel has Pratt's knife hand by the wrist. Pratt writhes in his grasp, then, like a battering ram, headbutts Angel. Angel reels back, releasing Pratt; Pratt slices wildly with the knife. Angel, unsteady on his feet, takes a week stab to his shoulder and then uses Pratt's own momentum to divest him of the weapon. It goes flying off into nowhere. Buffy comes at Pratt from behind, grabbing at his neck, but he throws her off. Angel yells for her, and as she's coming to her feet Pratt deals him a blow to the head that throws him off kilter, and he falls to his knees. Before she can reach him, Pratt is hitting him again, a sharp kick to the temple, and Angel crumples to the cement floor, his body falling like a sack of flour.

"Angel!"

Pratt tsks as he sidles toward her.

"The man needs to get his priorities in order," Pratt says. "Always rescuing the damsel in distress, ignoring the dragon coming to eat him."

Pratt grabs her by the arm, pulls her into a position unsteady on her feet. Her eyes fall on Angel, his body still and prone on the concrete floor.

"I hate to disappoint, blondie," Buffy says, "but I'm not really the damseling type."

Her gun is gone, but she still has her taser. Buffy works the weapon out of its holster and into her hand, works her hand into position, the head of her taser nestled into the soft belly beneath Pratt's ribcage. He has her arm, but she kicks against him with all her might, and pushes her thumb down on the trigger. The stun gun crackles to life, its electrodes boring into Pratt's stomach. Buffy's kick put some distance between them, but is not enough to separate them; she feels the electricity pulse painfully through her body.

Pratt screams and jerks away from her, his back arching painfully. His limbs jerk, his hands flailing over his stomach, clawing at the electrodes.

His hands are off her. With all the strength left to her, Buffy rolls away from Pratt, away from the electric shock of the taser. She closes her eyes, and breathes deep. Her head vibrates—from Pratt's pushing her to the ground, from the electricity. The throb of her pulse overwhelms her, the ebb and flow of the tide rising all around her; the world outside is as removed from her as the sky from the deep of the ocean.

She just needs a moment to catch her breath, is all.

Somewhere, far away, Pratt stops screaming. She hears a familiar sound, deadly sound: the cocking of a nine millimeter.

"Not funny, bitch," Pratt says, his voice ragged, shaken by the electricity.

Buffy opens her eyes to the unblinking eye of the barrel of her own gun. There are char marks, two little fang punctures in the belly of Pratt's shirt, where the electrodes aren't anymore.

Backup is not coming. Buffy tries to remember where Angel's gun is, and cannot.

"Let's see if you've heard this one before," Pratt says, and aims.

There's a thunderclap crack of a gun going off. Buffy flinches.

She opens her eyes slowly when no pain comes.

Pratt frowns. Between the little electrode fang marks, a slow red pool is blossoming.

"Nice shot, love," he says vaguely. Smoke whispers out from his mouth, frosting on the air like warm breath in bitter winter cold.

Pratt drops the gun, and then drops to his knees. His eyes, egg white pale, roll back, and he falls to the factory's cement floor, stone dead.

Buffy looks up. She comes shakily to her feet, and steps toward Angel, shakily on his.

She holds out her hand.

"Give me your gun," she says softly.

Angel looks down at Pratt, and then back to Buffy. "Are you okay?"

She nods. "I'm fine. Nothing a few days without getting beaten up and electrocuted won't fix."

"He was going to kill you."

"He was," Buffy says, nodding. Her eyes steady on his. "Let me have your gun, Angel."

"I'm okay," Angel says. He is still in position, his legs spread shoulder-width apart, both hands out steadying his weapon. The blood on his temple is still wet. "I can handle it."

Buffy continues walking toward him.

"It's okay, sweetheart," Buffy says. "Do you know you're crying?"

Angel falters, his hands shaking a bit. The gun shaking.

"Who?" he asks vaguely. "When?"

"You," Buffy says. She is breaths from him. "Right now."

Angel lowers his weapon. With his left hand, he feels up for the moisture on his face.

"Oh," he says. He swallows thickly. "Maybe—maybe you can take it, for a little while."

He does not raise his weapon, but stands limp, compliant, as Buffy gently removes the gun from his hand. She removes the cartridge, puts the safety on, and holsters the weapon.

"I killed him," Angel says, numbly, his eyes on the unmoving body formerly known as William Pratt.

"You did," Buffy says.

"I killed the man who killed my wife."

"You did," Buffy says. "To save your partner. You did the right thing." Angel doesn't say anything. Buffy chances the sliver of a smile. "You're going to have a ton of paperwork to do."

Angel looks up at her suddenly, like he's just noticed her presence.

"Yeah," he says. "But at least I won't have to break in a new partner."

"You did the right thing," Buffy says.

"Funny how the right thing doesn't feel like it, sometimes."

"That thin line, Sergeant," Buffy says. "Morality's tricky."

She takes Angel's hand.

"Let's go home."