Caribbean holiday Plans
Part two


After Dawn's pregnancy taunt things settled down for the next few weeks. Dawn made love to Edward quite often but these were always accompanied with either whispered reminders of what they (she) did on holiday or her goading him join in with various nasty fantasy stories which increasingly became distressing for him. One evening Dawn sat her husband down and said they needed to talk:

"I've been so disorientated since we came home and at first I found it hard to get my equilibrium. I know it was your perverted little fantasy that we lived out in Jamaica but it got into my head and the look on your face when we did those things frankly I couldn't forget it."

"Dawn, it's behind us. It's over and we can move on you..."

"I'll never forget how you took me to a club to get me to have sex with black men I fell under your spell and letting those strangers touch me up and do those things with me so publicly changed us forever. I allowed two strangers to have sex with me one bareback at your insistence and the excitement you got out of it was, well, a little frightening." She paused looking at him hard. "But I finally worked it out and then when you got so excited when you though I'd been knocked up, I knew I was right." She stated.

"We can't put the genie back in the bottle and I know you don't really want to. You love the whole scene and get off on it massively. I went along with it and got to like it as well. So now we have to be honest with each other you see I finally get it, I understand you fully."

She smiled at him as he looked confused. "I know you love it and I love you. The thrill for you is the whole package; seeing it unfold and watching as I give myself up to a man. It's the dressing up, the flirting, the flaunting, the teasing, the cuckolding and even the climax I get with another man as he pleasures me. You need it all." Edward was unable to utter a sound at this point she sounded like a shrink not a teacher.

"So," she said leaning forward. "Tell me what would really turn you on the most and I'll make it happen, I promise!" She gave him a knowing grin. He said nothing; what could he say without having the same pointless row as before; she didn't believe him when he told her he hated the whole scene!

"Ok I understand it's still difficult to speak openly even though we've indulged already. I'll lead and you just give me yes or no." Dawn paused for a moment. "Next time do you want me to go with a complete stranger?"

"No!" Edward blurted but again he'd misjudged his wife's though processes.

"Cool. Friend or foe?" She was grinning now.

"He didn't understand her at all. "What?"

"Friend or foe, what's it to be?" Edward looked at her blankly then simply picked an answer; "Foe."

"Ok, I can buy into that I guess, home or away?"

"Err... home."

"Sweet or sour?" He was totally blank but figured there was little purpose to this.

"ok... sour."

"Wow!"

She got up and gave him a huge kiss. "See now I know what you really want and I'll make it happen. As I told you I realised this fetish of yours is a kind of pleasure/pain thing so what you've ask for actually makes sense. You get off seeing me with another man but it hurts as well and this will be awesome." She held him close as she kissed him once more.

"Just one other thing I guess, how do you want me to be? I mean I'm not very clear on this part; do you want to share me?" Edward shook his head. "So I'm not sharing, that's fine as well."

She was looking at him with a loving expression. "Your wish is my command! Now I recon I can organise something really quickly and I suspect you know what I'm thinking... Ok with you I guess?" She posed and he shrugged not sure what she was on about. "Great, it's as good as done."

Three days later Dawn was in a short tight dress which was new and unlike anything he'd seen her in before, except that dress. It was worn with hold-ups and heels and she looked very sexy indeed. She'd not told him what they were doing at all but after he dressed in a decent shirt and trousers she got him to take them to a club almost thirty minutes drive away.

It was crowded and dark which was something of a relief, plus many of the women wore clothes more revealing than Dawn but she still looked sexy and called for attention. They stood drinking (he was forced to have soft drinks but Dawn was downing doubles again) then after a couple of solo bops she seemed to spot someone and waved. 

Joe Tate was a forty six year old black man who worked at Edward's company and had once tried very hard to get Edward fired from his job. Edward hated him deeply. He was typically middle-aged, carrying several pounds and was in Edward's mind a man who had a permanent chip on his shoulder. He saw Edward but made no acknowledgement instead he greeted Dawn as if they were old friends.

"You found it then?" He asked

"Yes no problem we've been here for nearly half an hour. You fancy a dance?" He glanced challengingly at Edward then with a grin he nodded.

"Sure!"

"Great, Ed will get you a drink, what do you want?"

"Just a cola." He replied not bothering to look at Edward.

"Cola it is. Now come on lets go." She pulled him towards the floor glancing back at her shocked husband and gave him a wink. A few days before Dawn had visited Edward at work but made sure she'd bumped into Joe Tate before she left. She'd chatted to him then flirted just a little before leaving. She repeated it the next day pretending to forget Edward wasn't in the office and at that meeting she flirted openly with the man before asking him if he knew of any local clubs. When he'd mentioned this one she'd asked him if he would there that coming Saturday. It was as big a hint as she could give him and he took it, telling her he would there at around nine.

Of course she guessed he might have expected some kind of trap since she was Edward's wife hence why he was late but now she could tell he thought all his birthdays had come at once. She was after all the wife of a man he detested and she was very pretty. They danced, Dawn flirting with every gesture and movement then after a brief drinks break, when she stood next to him the other side to her husband, they danced again this time she was closer.

The second break she actually held his hand as she led him back to the place Edward was standing looking dejected. Joe took his drink leaning against the bar and decided to see how willing Dawn actually was. He put his arm about her waist and was rewarded as she actually stood against him face to face.

"When do you have to get home?" She asked him. She could feel his manhood stirring as she pressed against him.

"I'm a big boy." He responded giving Edward a triumphant smile.

"But you're married so what time is Mrs Tate expecting you back?"

"I don't know. She'll be asleep in bed. I guess one or maybe two am."

Dawn spoke quickly before she lost her nerve; "Do you want to drive me home? It's a half hour drive?"

Joe looked at Edward then massaged the woman's rear pulling her against his body her face was inches from his. "What do you have in mind?"

"Have you ever been unfaithful to your wife?" She asked looking deep into his eyes.

He was sensing a possible trap so eased his hold on her. "No. Why have you?" he responded suspiciously.

"Yes." She grinned at him and he couldn't help but smile as well.

"Often?"

"Just twice, so far..." She left this hanging.

"And what about Eddie?" He knew Edward hated being called Eddie.

"He watched!" She glanced at her husband then added. "So do you want to give me a lift?"

"You didn't say why." He pressed.

"Well if you take me home now you will have time to be unfaithful to your wife." She said this a little fast as she was faltering, she wasn't that drunk and despite the hedonistic nature of the occasion she was finding it hard coming on to a man she found dislikeable.

"Well if you put it that way Dawn I can hardly refuse. I guess you fancy trying some dark meat eh?" He pulled her close and she let him kiss her in front of Edward.

"It's only dark meat for me." She whispered in his ear and felt his cock jump against her stomach. They kissed again then she turned and spoke to Edward.

"We're going back so you better get home to let the babysitter leave before we get there!" She allowed Joe to run his hand over her body and kiss her neck as she spoke to him. He looked so shell shocked he was about to faint so she chivvied him up.

"You have the cloakroom ticket!" He explained when he didn't move.

"Oh yes!" She giggled and pulled it from her clutch bag. "Well we might as well go with you." They collected the coats and left. Edward dashed to his car but was still only just ahead of Joe and his wife who followed two cars back for the first stretch. Edward felt tears as he recalled his wife kissing that mean bastard then he actually yelled and swore profoundly for several minutes until he grew calm again.

This was almost as bad as her pretending to be pregnant. The guy worked in the same company, of course they were in different departments but they still had dealings with each other which Edward would now find impossible. Worse the man would boast to everyone and the whole place would know his wife had slept with the guy. Edward accidentally drove through a red light he was so distracted but at least he was now a little ahead of Joe and his wife. God he thought the arsehole probably had his hand up her dress already! Why was she doing this? Why him of all people?

He arrived and shot down to the house. The sitter was watching TV surprised they were home before eleven and wanted to know why. He explained Dawn wasn't well and had gone to bed not that the girl had seen her but she said ok and gathered her things to leave. Edward paid her an extra hour which pleased her and she then stopped and said she hoped Mrs Miller would feel better soon. She was still at the door when Joe and Dawn pulled up, parking outside.

Edward walked the girl up the path then over the road hoping she wouldn't notice his wife in the car just beyond his own but she didn't. He looked back to see Dawn was now standing kissing the guy as they stood by his car both of them taking it in turns to look at Edward who was only a short distance away. The streetlights seemed very bright and his wife so obvious, he was desperate for the girl to keep looking ahead.

At her gate he watched anxiously as she trotted up the path hoping she wouldn't look back down the road but she simply gave a quick goodnight and let herself in. Edward turned back to see his wife still in the man's embrace waiting for him. He crossed back cringing slightly as a car passed by but it was no one he recognised.

"You need to let us in." Dawn explained sweetly as he reached them.

"The doors open." He was curt.

"Oh yes!" She smiled, "Well lead on." 

Edward made the house with the two just behind him. At least they shut the door on the neighbours before Dawn let her coat slip to the floor and allowed Joe's hands to rove again. She turned to Edward: "Upstairs and make sure the children are asleep we don't want them stumbling into to our room at the wrong moment!" He wanted to say something but left, desperate to get away from Joe's gloating face.

The children were asleep so he stood in the hallway as Dawn led Joe to their bedroom but moments later she called for him. He came to the door and saw his wife sitting on the bed already unbuckling Joe's trousers.

"Come in and shut the door." She ordered. "If you put the seat against it and sit there the children won't be able to wander in if I make too much noise!" She had now opened his trousers and they fell to the floor. Joe looked at Edward with a look of absolute joy on his face. He was going love this and would rub Edward's nose in it forever. He kicked off his shoes and trousers as the young woman gripped the top of his briefs and then fixing Edward with a long look he felt them drop to the floor. He looked back at the woman as she stared at his cock then with a grin she opened her mouth and sucked it in.

Dawn began to suck on the man's cock a little surprised by the fact that it was so fat. It wasn't that long; about five inches or so but his girth was really probably twice that of Edwards. In fact it was difficult to get it easily in her mouth but she worked hard to do so. She noticed Joe was watching Edward all the time as his hand went to the back of her head and his cock slipped passed her teeth to the back of her throat.

She sucked him for a few minutes but realised he was not that far from cuming so stopped and stood up. She unbuttoned his shirt as Joe ran his hands up both her legs then pulled her dress up over her head. She let him remove it then resumed on his buttons as he fumbled for the clasp of her bra.

She pushed the shirt off his shoulders then dipped her own so her now uncoupled bra could fall forward. As it fell Joe responded by cupping both breasts and massaging them briefly before his hands went to her hips and began to pull her knickers down. Dawn let him lower them until they were mid thigh then she sat on the bed and pulled them off. She looked at Edward prompting Joe to do likewise and she smiled at him.

"Sit down and enjoy the show honey!" She suggested then looked up at the man and grinned. "I don't like condoms, I hope that's ok with you?" It wasn't really a question and her glance back at Edward as she swung onto the bed said it all.

"I hate `em as well." Joe declared then moved above her his cock poised above her sex. "You're wife's gonna get a good fucking Eddie." Then he stabbed down at her pussy only he wasn't precise enough and it bounced away. The second attempt was better and as the fold of her sex were stretched wide his cock worked into Dawn.

"You like a little dark meat then Dawn." He stated as he pushed into her. She was quite wet now so despite its girth his cock made steady progress as it went inside her. Dawn was over her initial reluctance, the man might be unpleasant but she was now hotter than hell having let him pet her for the last part of their journey home plus the deliciously risky public kissing outside her own house. She wanted this and was ready to press all of Edwards buttons.

"I love it. Get your beautiful black cock deep in me. Show my husband what a real man can do with a woman!" She was now stretched out and it felt great especially as he still had another inch or so to go. She was glad he wasn't any longer but even so it gave her a very quick climax and as she clawed at his rear she looked at Edward and smiled.

"His cocks much bigger than yours." She stated enjoying the hurt look on his face knowing it would only intensify his feeling which is what she knew he really wanted.
She felt Joe was unable to hold back even though they'd only been at it a couple of minutes so she whispered for him to make it last and reluctantly he slowed allowing her to roll him then pull free.

"Play with me a little." She asked and his hand dipped down to her snatch.

"Christ you're wet!" He said as he felt her slick folds.

"You've got me so turned on I'm like a tap down there." She giggled and enjoyed his hands as they worked in and out of her.

"You ever been with a white girl before?" She asked after a minute of kissing.

"No you're my first."

"I'm honoured!" She responded. "Well from now on every time you see Edward at work you can think of how his wife was your first white conquest. She wanted to get herself close before she let him back inside her and sex talk helped. "You've got a fantastic cock. It's so fat I bet you make every woman you sleep with cum time and again!"

"Come on lets get back to it!" He growled clearly he wanted to satisfy himself and didn't care about her needs that much. She let him mount her again and this time he drove his cock to the hit rewarding her with a feeling of absolute fullness. Then he got up to speed and Dawn knew he was going to cum before she was. She locked her stockinged legs about him waiting for the moment.

She moved with him desperate to attain her own orgasm which was still a little while away but he couldn't hold it at all and he grunted and climaxed sending his sperm into her. She moaned as she felt him come but it was out of frustration rather than excitement, still she clung to him as he came to a stop then flopped over her.

They lay together his cock wilting rapidly until he turned and winked at Edward who still stood by the closed door. "Your wife's a good fuck." He laughed then got up and began to gather his clothes. Dawn remained as she was until the man was dressed then stood and kissed him.

"Let me show you out." She led him by the hand down the stairs then stood by the front door. "Listen Joe. This remains between us ok? You wouldn't want Corrine or those lovely children of yours getting wind that you had sex with another woman."

He scowled at her, he was already anticipating letting half the office know but he realised he wasn't in as strong a position as he thought. She looked him in the eye sensing his annoyance. "You can still look at Edward every day and remember you screwed his wife."

He smiled at this relishing the mileage he could still to get out of it at Edwards expense. That was something at least so he grinned at her. "You're nasty!" he then kissed her and left, a huge smirk spreading over his face. It was almost beyond a dream. Dawn bolted upstairs and found Edward sitting on the bed looking distressed. She smiled and knelt before him. Holding his head in hers she kissed him on the forehead and when he looked up she locked mouths with him her tongue swirling around his.

As they broke Edward rounded on Dawn: "What the fuck was that!" he spat.

"Your fantasy" she said smiling, "You wanted me to fuck a foe at home and be nasty to you so I have." She grinned. "Now that prick has left me really frustrated so I need you badly!"

Edward didn't think he could get an erection ever again but he was wrong and after a couple of minutes of oral sex he was standing hard as Dawn slid down on him. "You feel kind of small after Joe but you'll do until I find something better!" She teased then kissed him hard. She was loose and the cum was slipping from her still as they made love but she was now getting highly aroused so she worked on her husband determined to get them both off no matter what.

She climaxed first then continued to ride Edward as she mocked him about Monday and how Joe would act around him "Probably ask you if I want seconds." She whispered. "And I might!" She teased. "He wasn't as big as Viv of course but he was nice and fat which you aren't!"

Edward was close although the hurtfully conversation was keeping him at bay but then Dawn kissed him hard and said she loved him and he came really hard, so much in fact Dawn felt him shoot more powerfully than she'd ever done before.

"Wow! You really exploded. Guess it was worth it after all!" She kissed him happily lay on him as she drifted off to sleep. The next day Edward asked her why him. "Well you hate him so he's the biggest foe I could think of, well black man that is."

"Look Dawn I don't know what you think you're doing but it's got to end this is ridiculous and..."

"Stop!" She put her hand to his mouth. "I've done a lot of research on this so don't pretend." She tapped his lips as he went to speak again and she looked stern. "No more arguing at all. In fact if you protest at anything I do for us again I'll make you regret it." He looked at her and shook his head.

"Right! The next time you say anything I'm calling Joe again. This time I'll bring him home for the babysitter to see us together."

"She nearly did anyway!"

"Yes but she didn't see him with his hands in my knickers did she? What's more I'll go and pick him up from your office!"

"Dawn please..."

"Then shut up! No more complaints or stupid denials. I guess you have the prospect of Joe being abusive to you at work and not knowing how many people he'll have told but think of it this way most of them won't believe him although some might!" She gave a sly grin. "Still he wasn't very good was he?" She laughed and kissed him again.

Edward endured the next few weeks as Joe Tate found every excuse to speak to him. He dropped innuendo into public conversations and was very graphic about Dawn when they were alone but it wasn't as bad as it could have been although it was quite hard to take never the less. He was of course unaware that Dawn had warned him off so expected a number of other people knew which didn't help. It was exactly three weeks later that Dawn announced they were having a guest over for dinner. Edward was at once suspicious that it was singular and not plural but Dawn refused to say whom.

That night she bought some ready meals to save actually cooking then when Edward came home he found the children were spending the night at her parents. He got changed nervously still uncertain who coming over, he just bet it would be Joe again. When Dawn appeared from the bathroom he let out an audible gasp. She wore her lemon coloured long-sleeved jumper pulled down as far as she could with a belt around the waist in an attempt to turn it into a sort of ultra short dress. She had on fishnet tights and her black heels so when the almost-dress rode up above her crotch, once she'd gone more than a few steps, she looked simply lewd.

The doorbell signalled their guest and he reluctantly went to answer it as Dawn shot up stairs confusing Edward further. He opened the door then stood Liberty Taylor, an older teacher from the school Dawn worked at, plus her son.

He was slightly taken aback but managed an "Oh Hi" But couldn't mask his confusion.

"Err. I'm Luke... Dawn... Mrs Miller asked me over... err...babysit?" He looked a little uncertain now but from upstairs he heard Dawn shout "Hi Luke come on in you're right on time."

Liberty smiled at Edward and let go of her son's shoulders. "Dawn said you'd be back about 11.30 and drop him home before twelve, is that still the plan?" Edward wanted to say he had no idea but then again lately he had little idea what was on his wife's mind. If he was sitting why the food and no children?

"I think that's still the plan." He lied.

"Great, see you later Luke." She gave her son another squeeze on the shoulder and left. Edward closed the front door as the boy came in only no sooner had he done so than Dawn appeared coming down the stairs causing the boy to gawp at her; he could see flashes of her brown pubic bush through the wide mesh that was it's only covering as she descended from above.

"Great to see you, actually we've been let down so we're not going out after all but I didn't want to call you at this eleventh hour since you've cancelled your Friday plans for us! We've bought in some food and I hope you'll join us?"

"Err... yea!" he said staring at Dawn's legs which were just about completely exposed.

"I'll try not to make the evening too boring for you, so hopefully you won't miss not being with your girlfriend." She then walked past him her `dress' riding higher as she went.

The boy sat in the lounge sipping a beer as Dawn trotted in looking truly indecent. She sat opposite him next to Edward who could see the boys eyes travelling down to his wife's virtually bare pussy repeatedly as they spoke, then worse as Dawn got up to dish the dinner she stood by him her sex a foot from him then ruffled his hair. She looked back at Edward making sure he had a good view. 

Dinner was fine at least she sat for a while although the boy was now relaxed and kept giving Edward knowing glances. Of course Dawn's exposed rear was on display as she cleared the table and took out the plates then the `dress' rode up again as she returned with the desert showing the boy everything.

Luke he discovered was only fourteen and she'd met him recently at her school when he did some work experience. Edward could see the boy was sitting with a permanent hard-on as Dawn flitted about the place and he seemed to be growing in confidence as he casually followed Dawn about his eyes mostly on her crotch.

They went back to the longue where she got Edward to sit in the chair and Luke sat on the sofa while she went to fetch coffee. Edward tried to remain calm as the kid kept glancing at him curiously. When dawn brought in the coffee she sat next to the boy her long fishnet covered legs touching his and she started to chat to him about girlfriends.

Dawn started with what was his girlfriend's name then said looking at Edward that she'd heard from his mother that he was having a few problems with her at the moment. When the boy remained blank she stated pointedly:

"You made her pregnant so I've heard."

"Err... Oh that! Well yes." he replied a little smirk on his face.

"And there was your sister's friend."

"Yea and Joanne." He supplied now with a cocky grin.

"Your sister's older than you isn't she?" Dawn continued "I mean she's at university?"

"Yea' Joanne's twenty!" he responded.

"And pregnant!" Dawn pushed. The boy laughed and looked at Edward when he added.

"Seems I'm rather potent!"

"And appear to hate using condoms!" Dawn laughed as well. "So how many girls have you slept with?"

He turned to face Dawn and shrugged as if since he'd first started dating girls, maybe  a year or two ago, there were too many to count.

"Come on I won't tell your mother, how many?"

"Six." He looked at Edward with such a confident smile he believed him, Christ that was more women than Edward had, in fact twice as many. The boy smiled clearly proud of this and Edward realised with a stomach dropping feeling that this fourteen year old knew exactly what he was about to get.

Dawn slid forward and reached over and took his hand clasping it between hers then spoke seriously to him in her best school teacher voice: "Have you ever used condoms? I mean they can be a bit restricting but they would stop you knocking up all these women!"

"Err...well I tried once but... well you know..." he finished lamely.

"It doesn't feel the same with one on. Yes that's true for both parties." She patted his hand then with a glance at Edward left it lying on her upper thigh. With the move forward the `dress' was no longer held down and had reverted back to a jumper which meant it was two to three inches above her crotch and she looked totally exposed. The boys black hand was only six inches from her bare pussy.

"So are you into older women or is there a bunch of hot fourteen year olds in your class?" Luke's hand was stroking her inner thigh and to signal her approval Dawn's legs moved wider, much wider.

"They've all older than me. Carrie's sixteen." He paused then said with a knowing look. The oldest so far was twenty two!" He looked at her. "But I've never had a white girl yet." With that his hand slid up and began to rub Dawn through her tights. She moved with him both looking at Edward who felt really sick.

"So how about you have two firsts tonight then, I'm twenty eight and I'm white!" He turned to look at her as his fingers wormed through the mesh of the tights and slid into her wet hole. She responded by kissing him. It was long and slow and the boy really savoured it.

"I hope you don't mind Edward watching us." She stated as they broke apart.

"No, if that's what gets him off!" The boy responded with a smirk.

"He's always wanted to see me take a black cock!" She supplied, Luke just laughed.

"Then we better not disappoint him."

He pushed his fingers hard into Dawn making her moan. She had enjoyed the sex on holiday to increasing amounts and Joe had been fun but now she was more excited than ever; the whole event was just so erotic being with this young boy in front of her clearly upset husband (who she knew was secretly enjoying it as a bulge in his pants proved). The boy helped her off with the belt then she got to her knees and began to remove the boy's clothes.

It was like a nightmare as the kid stripped only to reveal a large cock which made Edward feel like crying. Dawn held it and told the boy he was magnificent to which he explained, looking at Edward as he did so, that all his women still loved coming back for more even if they had boyfriends and he was always happy to oblige

Then without any further discussion Dawn grabbed the gusset of her tights and tried to tear a hole but failed however Luke took one sharp tug and the seam gave leaving her pussy open to his assault. With a grin at Edward she lay back and the boy mounted her, his rock-hard cock driving into her. He wasn't as thick as Joe but was still fatter that Edward and a little longer and was certainly much harder. As he began to have Dawn, she bucked and moaned her first climax hitting her. She already knew this was going to be her best experience ever and she wanted them both to know this for different reasons. She started getting very vocal, calling for Luke to fuck like her husband never could. He was grinning as he looked at Edward then said that his slut whore wife was enjoying her first black cock.

Edward wanted to shout at him and say that she'd already had three others; bigger and better than him but it wouldn't have helped in fact he wondered if it might make it worse. The boy thought her a lust-filled woman but possibly not a complete slut which of course she was fast becoming. Dawn found his cock sent her to another quick climax before they finally settled down and she told him how good he felt inside her married pussy.

"You're a fuck-God" She blurted as they continued to rock together. Then she felt him getting fast and realised he was about to cum. "OK Lover fill your first married pussy with your hot seed."

Luke had never been in a situation like this. He'd made love to all those women in the past six months but no one was as vocal and certainly never said such things. He came with a groan then after a few more pumps collapsed on to the hot woman. Edward got up unsure if the boy wanted seconds but it was Dawn who needed more. She rolled him over and whispered to him he looked at her then said ok. She smiled at him before going down on his cock. She sucked him back to a fast erection and then pulled him back on top even before Edward had returned from the kitchen.

He watched helplessly as Dawn was given another orgasm and clawed at the kids back urging him on until after perhaps another five minutes he came again. This time they were both satisfied and the lay together until Luke reminded them that he needed to be back by twelve.

"I'll take you home. Dawn said happily then got up and without trying to make herself decent she went out returning with a long coat. Dawn told Edward to wait up as she shouldn't be gone that long. He watched her go to the car and give him a little wave as Luke's hands began to rummage inside the coat. It was a short journey across town so she came in just fifteen minutes later looking like a complete slut and gave him a huge kiss. He tried to pull away as the salty taste in her mouth hit him but she held on before breaking away.

"Doesn't he taste good." She laughed licking her lips.

"That was foolish!" Edward told her but she wagged her finger at him.

"I've told you what will happen if you complain."

"But Dawn please that was reckless. If his mother found out what you just did you'd go to prison."

"You are so slow to learn. I think you need a lesson to remind you whose boss here."

"Dawn I'm sorry please don't do anything else, I'm just thinking of you..."

"Stop now!" She ordered and he did.

She was surprised that she'd been able to treat her husband to such a display without losing her nerve but actually she'd loved it. She had already thought up some other events to give Edward a high but Luke was going to be great. They would no longer struggle for a babysitter and if he was anywhere as cocky as she thought he was, he would be an increasingly demanding visitor.

Edward had some great sex with his wife for the next week but when they went out the following Saturday it was with great foreboding that he was sent to pick him up. The boy gave him a smile and asked if he really was required to look after the children or would it be Mrs Miller? He kept quiet during the brief journey. Dawn was busy getting ready and had no time to give him except to say they'd be `back in time', for what Edward and Luke both wondered. The evening was fine but Dawn insisted they leave before eleven to get back home which they did at half past. Once home Dawn asked Luke when he had to be back.

"About one I guess." He looked expectant.

"Well we need to pay you don't we." She stated. "Since it's before twelve how about thirty pounds and an hour in bed with me?" She asked.

"ok seems fair." He grinned.

"If you have to babysit beyond midnight I'll make it even more worth while!"

"Sounds like fun!"

"Now I want to show you something!" With that Dawn lifted the hem of her skirt to reveal stockings and a bare pussy. "I removed them before we came home." She explained. She kissed the boy and led him to the bedroom with Edward in tow then like before he stood guard as she stripped herself then the boy and they had sex. Dawn had several orgasms and coaxed the boy to two of his own. She then lay back and ordered Edward to drive her `black lover' home and to give him a twenty pound tip for fucking her so well.

They were quite busy the next few months which mean Luke visited then several times, recently at lease one weekend evening for four out of five weeks. He was now so confident he would kiss Dawn hard when he entered the house and tried to have sex with her before they went out but she refused that was until the last of these evenings. They were going to a show which meant they'd not be home until nearly one o'clock. Dawn had agreed with Liberty that Luke could sleep over to avoid him having to get a taxi home in the early hours.

Edward picked the boy up and drove him to their house and to his distress Dawn invited him into the bedroom. Then she stated to Edward she'd promised to make it special for `poor' Luke so to start with he could `get her in the mood for the evening'. Edward watched as the boy made love to Dawn for thirty minutes (his performance was already getting better) giving Dawn two large climaxes and shooting his load up her. She then got dressed in the same fishnets she'd worn for him a few weeks ago before covering them with a short dress. She wore no bra or knickers and when challenged by Edward she grinned and said she wanted to feel her lovers cum on her thighs all evening.

The show was not that good and with Dawn looking a little too tarty for his liking Edward felt very low. Dawn was on heat and when they finally got home she was all over the boy again. The boy fucked her three times that night and once in the morning as Edward fought to keep the children out of the bedroom. He was further humiliated with his reappearance the next day after school and again on the Thursday. Then that Friday Luke appeared at their door and Dawn made love to him in the lounge even though the children were in bed upstairs. 

She sat Edward down a few weeks later and looked him in the eye and admitted that this time she really was pregnant. He asked her if it was another joke but she shook her head. 

"Not this time but I guess you've got what you really desired and I suppose I've also secretly wanted for some time!" He looke ill but she managed to get him to bed that night and made love to him. He came in her as she mentioned that she would put Joe down as the father because Luke was a minor.

"Baby I really love you, you know." She said kissing him. "I love what you've done to me, it's so, so dirty yet somehow feels right. I didn't think I'd be able to carry a black baby but now it turns me on as much as you!"

It was only a few days later he came home from work to find her walking about in only a t-shirt, that had Black cock slut and Proud across the front plus a pair of knickers that said I love black cock. She laughed and told him they wouldn't keep it secret for long anyway. Thankfully the children having tea oblivious to their mother's proclamation couldn't read.

Then as she began to show she wore t-shirts (she now had several) saying Black Bred which she exposed on more and more occasions. He had to endue a whole meal in a burger place with her sitting opposite him this stretched over her slight but definite bulge. In the end the waitress asked if it meant what it said and she nodded telling her she'd been knocked up by her lover. The woman had given Edward a rather nasty look and told her good luck.

It was exactly three weeks later Edward was sitting in the lounge looking glum; he'd finally broken down that morning when his wife had chatted about her `brown baby' and it had taken her a good hour to get him to finally stop crying, she was visibly upset. She came in dressed in the jumper and the same fishnets she'd seduced Luke in and with the children at her mother's for a second Edward through she was about to invite someone over again. Only there was something wrong but it took him quite a while to get his mind together.

"You're not... Err I mean... what happened to...?"

"The baby? All in your mind honey!"

He stared at her. "But you were showing!"

"No I was padding my clothes. You never thought it odd I've been changing in the bathroom?"

"No, I thought you were just keeping me away from you. I mean we've not made love for two months or more and I..." he broke down and cried again.

"Honey! I wasn't pregnant and I never told anyone about it but you! Listen it's all over and done with. I thought you liked the idea and were getting of on it but... well I was wrong on that score and I now realise I was just being cruel which I don't want to be. I had a thought how we can both enjoy this new found hobby without hurting our relationship and risking anything: We are going back to Jamaica and you can take me to the club. I'll do nasty things there and really go wild but back home however I want us to be normal. Is that ok?"

"Yes, God yes! But I don't need Jamaica!"

"I'm afraid I do... I actually loved cuckolding you but unless it takes over our lives we can't continue like that so the compromise will be trips to Jamaica. From the moment we leave the UK to the moment we touchdown on the way home I'll be a nasty cuckolding interracial slut. I'll walk the walk, talk the talk wear my t-shirts and fuck my brains out but here I'm going to be a good mum and normal wife although I might occasionally tease you just a little as long as you can stand it." 

Edward thought about this and decided it was the best he could hope for. "What about Joe and Luke?"

"I warned Joe off ages ago and he might be able to tease you at work but if he ever gets to over the top tell me honey and I'll remind him that he's very married! Luke's ok as well, his girlfriend had a baby and I think he's in shock as his been forced to help! Not much fun of a boy just turned fifteen."

Edward stood by the bar watching Dawn as she let Marcus pet her again. He still felt a little sick watching them together but it was ok really. Dawn had been true to her words and was only like this in Jamaica although this was their third trip in two years.

While in this country she was an interracial slut. She slept with a number of black men and dressed very sexy when she strutted about town in the evenings. She'd been quite up front with Edward as soon and as they'd arrived; she'd gone native. Of course now things were a little hotter because as she stood a few paces away she grinned at him as her lover lifted the front of her dress showing her round belly which showed their next child was on the way. She kept teasing him that it might be black but he was certain it was his since the dates didn't tie in with their Jamaican trips but there was of course just that little nagging doubt since she'd mentioned she'd bumped into Luke a few months ago. But she wouldn't have...
