Ellie Naked, Vicky Embarrassed
by Stella

Part 1 - by Treble Rebel.

The gang was on the busy train, it consisted of four teenage girls and six boys. As the train got busier two of the girls had to stand up, Ellie, and Vicky. The train pulled into the next station and bumped to a stop.

Vicky who was 19 fell over and landed across the others laps. Ellie, who was 14, fell into a young lady's pushchair. The young lady was cross with her.

"So you think it's funny to fall into my empty pushchair? What if my child had been in it? You very naughty girl, you need to be taught a lesson, and since you're in a buggy I think this will be fitting." Said the young lady.

The young lady, was in her late 20's, she reached into the buggy, and before Ellie could do anything, the lady had pulled Ellie's shorts off her legs.

Everyone in the carriage had been watching, and as Ellie's shorts came off, the train burst into laughter. Ellie blushed red, as the young lady then removed her panties as well. Ellie was completely bottomless and trapped. Everyone could see her bald pussy and everyone started laughing at her.

Ellie tried covering herself but the lady just slapped her hands away. She grabbed a nappy out of her bag and put it on Ellie before strapping her in. Ellie began to cry she had never been so humiliated in her life.

"Here’s your pink panties, and shorts." Said the lady.

Holding them aloft for all to see. Everyone laughed harder, as the train started to move off from the station.

"Well little girl, you won't be needing your shorts or panties any more today will you?" Said the lady.

She then threw the shorts and panties out of the open carriage window. Ellie watched , open mouthed and crying as her clothes fell down below the window.

She had to get off the train in just the nappy she was wearing, all anyone was doing was laughing at her. No one tried to help.

“Why did you throw my clothes away?” Asked Ellie.

“You’ll learn not to fall in pushchairs from now on won’t you, you silly little girl.” Said The lady.

Vicky who had landed across the teens laps was trying to free herself and stand back up. Another girl from the gang called Katie, had Vicky's skirt covered bottom on her lap.

Vicky's hands were trapped caught underneath her and above the two boys and she was struggling to try and break free.

Katie seized the moment and lifted the back of Vicky's skirt up, revealing her 19 year old, panty clad bottom to the carriage. Fortunately for Vicky with the boys trapped under her, they couldn't see, but Vicky tried wriggling and squirming to make Katie drop her skirt.

The women on the train could see Vicky's panties and they were all laughing at her. Vicky was red from embarrassment. Vicky most definitely did not want the boys seeing her panty clad bottom.

It was laundry day, and she was wearing a most humiliating pair of panties, they had batgirl print on. Vicky squirmed more trying to get herself free and trying to get her skirt out of Katie's hands and back down.

A few more teen girls had gotten on the train and seen Vicky struggling to keep her modesty with Katie lifting her skirt. The teens decided to try and help Katie, not realising Katie was Vicky's friend. They assumed Katie was trying to remove Vicky's skirt.

The three teens walked over to where the two young girls were struggling. One grabbed Vicky's left leg, one Vicky's right leg, and before either girl could react, the third girl pulled Vicky's skirt clean off.

The girl, bundled it up in a ball and threw it towards another gentleman, but the wind caught it and pulled it out the window into the countryside. The boys looked at Vicky's panty clad bottom and laughed too as they saw the batgirl printed panties.

Vicky blushed a deep crimson red and continued to struggle to get her hands free, one of the three new comers sat on her legs whilst the second sat on her back. Vicky tried to shake them both off, but to no avail.

“Naughty girl, stop your struggling or else!!" Said the third girl.

“Or else what you bitch?" Asked Vicky determined not to let her embarrassment show.

“O.K. You asked for it." Said the girl.

SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, the third girl started spanking Vicky like a toddler, on her panty clad bottom. Everyone was laughing harder then ever.

Vicky began to cry with humiliation and embarrassment. The spanks hurt too, and her cheeks were bright red, as the girl continued to rain spank after spank on her arse.

“No stop please, I'm sorry, I'll stop struggling please just stop." Begged Vicky but the girl just continued.

After ten minutes of spanks the girl finally stopped, and looked at the disheveled girl crying on the boys laps.

“I think you've had enough, will you do as you're told like a good girl or would you like more?" Asked the girl maliciously

“I have had enough, and I'll do as I'm told like a good girl." Said Vicky through sobs.

"Good, you can start by calling me Auntie Lou. Then you can take your T-shirt off and show everyone your bra and panties." Said Louise.

"No anything but that please auntie Lou!" Begged Vicky again.

“Looks like someone needs another spanking. This time on your bare bottom since you haven't learned your lesson yet." Said Louise.

"Oh god no!" Said Vicky almost distraught.

She was embarrassed enough lying there in her panties and T-Shirt let alone having her bottom bared and spanked in front of everyone. Vicky started to struggle to get her hands free so she could remove her T-Shirt but it was too late, Louise already had her panties down to her knees, and began spanking her again.

SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, the spanks were hard and fast on her bare bum. Everyone in the carriage was laughing as Vicky burst into tears of humiliation.

“Let me up, you bloody bitches, let me up.” Screamed Vicky.

She tried pushing herself off the boys laps, but with the girls sitting on her legs it was impossible. Louise just thought her attempts were funny and continued to spank the bottomless girl.


Part 2

Katie shouted at Louise.
“Get off her and leave her alone.”
Louise looked at the trapped Katie in deep thought. Louise smirked and stopped spanking Vicky.
“You’re right. Batgirl doesn’t need us to spank her. Watch this!!” Shouted Louise.
Louise grabbed her bag off the floor which she had dropped before the scuffle. Louise pulled out a pair of scissors. She raised them to Vicky’s back.
“You won’t be needing this anymore.” Said Louise grabbing Vicky’s T-Shirt.
Louise started cutting the back of the T into pieces.
“No Aunty Louise. Please don’t, I’ll do anything, please not that.” Begged Vicky.
“HAHAHA” Laughed Louise turning the T into thin small pieces of cotton.
Louise then ripped the shreds of the shirt away leaving Vicky in her stuffed bra.
“I’m sorry Batgirl, I was going to leave your bra alone, but since you’ve been so disobedient.” Said, Louise.
Louise grabbed the bra and hacked it to pieces too. Vicky was left topless, with Knickers around her knees, and completely embarrassed. Louise grabbed the remains of both Vicky’s T and bra. As the train pulled into the next station.
“This is my stop, have fun little Batgirl.” Shouted Louise.
Louise took her bag, and Vicky’s shredded tops and got off the train.
Vicky lay there trying to hide her small chest, and bare bum, as the train doors shut and carried on its forward journey.
“Oh, my god. Look It’s Willmott.” Said a familiar voice almost cackling.
Vicky looked to her side. It was the two bitchiest girls in her school.
“Hannah? Alisha? Oh god.” Said, Vicky.
“Looks like Batgirl needs a hand.” Said Alisha, seeing the panties that were at Vicky’s knees.
“Oh no, I’m fine. Absolutely fine.” Said, Vicky.
“Don’t be silly. Won’t take us a second. We’d Love to help you out.” Said, Hannah.
Vicky tried to squirm, but she was stuck properly, and not a lot she could do, as Alisha grabbed the top of her Batgirl panties and pulled them up almost into a wedgie. Alisha was about to wedgie Vicky before noticing that Vicky had her arms tightly around her chest blocking it from view.
“Hey, Hannah look at this.” Said Alisha quizzically.
“Why do you suppose she’s holding her chest so tight? Like it’s about to fall off?” Giggled Hannah.
“Give me a hand.” Said Alisha.
Within a second both girls grabbed an arm of Vicky’s each and lifted her up baring her chest for all to see. The carriage full of people stared for a second then laughter came, from everywhere.
“Look at Batgirl, where is her chest?” Shouted one girl.
“That’s the smallest superheroine I’ve ever seen.” Shouted a teen boy.
Vicky blushed bright red as the whole carriage laughed at her.
