Doing It With Lucy
by Otazel

A man gets his wish come true with an exhibitionistic friend.

This story really started nearly two years ago when I was invited round for dinner, as divorced men sometimes are by their more charitable married friends; in this case it was by George and Lucy. George had been a friend since my college days and that's a good twelve years ago, and Lucy from when she got together with George not long after. I enjoyed eating with them, if only because I fancied Lucy and it gave me the chance to gaze at her through the lust tinted spectacles that I reserved for women as elegantly erotic as she. I'd never fancied her in a romantic way, but in the sexual sense I'd lusted after her for years, even when I was married. In fact doing it with Lucy had always been my dream and it was such a damn shame that she had always been out of bounds.

Anyway, it was getting on towards the end of the evening when we'd all had a bit to drink that the chat began to get a bit racy, eventually reaching the point where we began discussing each other's bedroom preferences. But it soon became pretty clear that George was not at all happy about the direction of the conversation, especially when it came to divulging their marital secrets, and it came to a head when Lucy asked me if there was anything I fantasised about doing but had never done. I told her truthfully that, among other things, I'd always wanted to watch a woman masturbate. I don't know why, but just the thought of seeing a woman bring herself off gives me an instant hard on.

'Do you know what I'd like?' She giggled.

'I don't think we need to know.' George butted in, presumably having a good idea what she would say and trying hard to silence his tipsy wife. But Lucy either wasn't listening or didn't care.

'I'd love to do it out of doors, you know, where you might get caught by someone....'

'That's enough.' George cut in, his voice sharp and angry. Clearly anything like that was not on his agenda and any further talk of it was going to result in an almighty row.

'Yes, let's talk about something else.' I didn't want to be a witness to a quarrel; although it was a discussion I wouldn't have minded continuing. The idea of catching Lucy at it in public was very, very appealing.

The conversation moved to other, safer grounds and all thoughts of sex were forgotten, or so I thought. But then George went to the bathroom and Lucy leaned forward to whisper to me.

'George won't do it, but if anyone else wanted to have me somewhere where other people might see us, I'd let them watch me playing with myself in return.' She tipped her head to one side and looked meaningfully at me as she said it.

I was shocked, and I mean genuinely shocked. I'd always looked upon Lucy as being rather prim and proper and not at all the wanton woman she was suddenly portraying herself as, so it was a hell of a surprise to have her openly offering herself to me, and offering to let me watch her masturbate too. But I couldn't take her up on it. I mean, it was nice to know she fancied me and what she wanted me to do with her, but that didn't take the wedding ring off her finger. I couldn't do anything while she wore that, so I sat and just gaped silently at her, unable to believe what I had heard. Would I like to, too bloody right I would, I've lusted after her for years. I mean, she's a classy lady, a stylish honey blonde, slim, tall, long legged and high breasted, so why wouldn't I? But you just don't do things like that with a friend's wife, do you? I can't speak for anyone else but I feel the kind of loyalty towards my friends that stops me from making out with their partners. Eventually I stuttered an embarrassed refusal and the subject was dropped just in time for George to come back into the room. Nothing more was said that night and when my taxi arrived I was relieved to receive just the usual chaste kiss on the cheek from Lucy and a warm friendly handshake from George.

After that I felt a little reticent about calling on them again, but I thought that I couldn't let one drunken slip spoil our friendship and so a week or two later I was once again sharing their table. This time nothing untoward happened until right at the very end when Lucy was helping me on with my coat as I made to leave.

'Don't forget what I said last time.' She whispered. 'I meant it, and the offer is still open.'

'Don't be stupid.' I whispered back, reaching for the door handle as a taxi horn outside sounded at just the right moment. 'You're married.'

Her repeat offer bothered me a lot. She was sober that time, and much as I might fancy Lucy and much as I might want to watch a woman at play, I still couldn't bring myself to help her cheat on her husband. So the next time I was asked to dinner I found an excuse to turn it down, and the time after that, and the time after that too, until finally the invites stopped coming and George and Lucy were relegated to my Christmas card list. It was a shame that such good friends had to be put on the back burner, so to speak, but if Lucy kept offering herself then there was every chance that one day I would say yes, and for the sake of my long-time friendship with George I couldn't risk that.

As time went on I did sometimes wonder if I'd made the right decision, I missed their company and I still fancied the pants off of Lucy. The vision of her with her legs apart and her hand strumming merrily became a recurring wet dream for me. I wanted to see it so bad and I was so tempted. I mean, George didn't have to know and I was sure we could have found a way to meet discreetly. But my conscience simply wouldn't let me.

So that was the way things stood until just recently when I heard on the grapevine that George and Lucy had split up. I promptly imagined with some relief that someone else must have been caught with her rather than me, but then the grapevine soon corrected me. It wasn't Lucy who had cheated, it was George. It seems that he had left her to move in with another woman, one that he'd been having an affair with for several years. I must admit that I was absolutely dumbfounded and inexplicably furious at what I somehow saw as his betrayal of our friendship. How could he do that when I'd been so careful not to get involved with his stunning wife? I silently begged Lucy's forgiveness for jumping to the wrong conclusion. I figured I ought to ring her with my sympathies, but somehow my now guilty conscience never let me get around to it, until matters were taken out of my hand when late one evening my phone rang unexpectedly.

'Hello Adam.' She said. 'I was just thinking about you and realised that it was ages since we talked.'

'That's nice.' I answered cautiously. 'That you were thinking about me.' I added quickly.

'I often think about you.'

'And me about you.' I didn't tell her that it was mostly her body I thought about.

'I just thought it would be nice to call and have a chat again.'

'That's nice.' I told her again, wondering why I hadn't done it first. 'It's good to hear from you too.'

'I guess you've heard about George and me?' Her voice was actually sounding a little bit odd, but I put that down to embarrassment.

'Yes, I was sorry to hear about that.' I told her truthfully. 'And shocked. I thought he was devoted to you.'

'It came as something of a surprise to me too.' She gave a quick short bark of a laugh. 'But I bet you thought it was me who had been playing away didn't you, especially after the way I behaved?' She asked it as a question but before I could answer she went on bitterly. 'I wouldn't have blamed you. But at least now I know why George was so reluctant between the sheets, he was doing it with that slut.'

So maybe not getting enough at home was why she had been coming on to me, but I refrained from pointing out that if I'd taken her up on her offer she'd have become a slut herself.

'I wouldn't have thought it of him.' I sympathised instead.

'Nor me.'

There was a difficult silence when neither of us knew quite what to say and all I could hear was her breathing, but then she suddenly announced. 'But now I'm going to make up for what I've missed. Wouldn't you?'

In her position I probably would. 'I can't blame you for that.' I told her.

There was another silence and then; 'Do you remember what I said to you when George was in the bathroom?'

'Yes, of course.' Was I ever likely to forget?

'Were you tempted?'Her voice was taking on a lovely husky note.

I was beginning to suspect where the conversation might be headed and my heart began to beat a little faster. Circumstances had changed. 'Of course I was.'

'You wouldn't mind if somebody saw us?'

'Would you like them to?' I turned it back on her.

'I'd have loved it, I still would.' She admitted. 'Come on Adam, you must have guessed I was looking to experiment. Sex with George had become intermittent and boring, although I didn't know why then. I wanted to explore things and I bet you'd have enjoyed exploring them with me.' That breathy voice sounded wonderful.

'Yes, I would.' I admitted. I could hardly deny it with my cock starting to swell in my jeans. 'So tell me what you had in mind?'

'It'll sound weird.' She sounded increasingly breathless, and I wondered if it perhaps came from the excitement of admitting to a fantasy. 'If I tell you what I really want.'

'What sort of weird, what would you like to happen?'

'I'm not sure.' She said, her voice sounding more and more excited as talking about it turned her on. 'I don't want to just do it in front of people. I want to be taken somewhere where there's a risk that someone might come along and catch us. And then if they did then I'd want my partner to refuse to stop, so that I'd have to let people see me having sex.'

Yes, it did sound weird, but exhilarating too.

'George would never risk anything like that. He wouldn't to try anything out of the ordinary.' She stopped for a moment as if uncertain how she should continue. 'Can you do it? Can you push my boundaries like that?'

She paused, but them she went on before I'd had the chance to formulate a reply. 'If you can then I'll let you see me play with myself, I'd love to bring myself off in front of you. Can you? Will you?'

She was really laying it out for me this time, promising me everything I ever dreamed of so long as I fucked her in public. I found it hard to believe that such a sophisticated woman could be so exhibitionistic. But what did I care, I was being given the chance to experiment with her. Could I do it? Of course I could. I'm not an outright exhibitionist, but I'm not shy either, so yes, I could do it. In fact just thinking about it was making things swell in the pants department. If I'd been in public just then I could have been very embarrassed. I was becoming more and more turned on.

'God, I must sound so naughty, and I know I could be very naughty with you. I'd try anything naughty with you, even things that are a bit way out.'

'I wouldn't mind you being naughty.' I told her, hearing in her words the stimulating effect that her own conversation was having on her. 'Because I can be too.'

'I'm being really naughty right now.' Her voice sounded a little odd now, sort of nervous as well as very excited.

'Are you?' I asked innocently. 'In what way?'

'I'm talking to you.' She paused. 'And I haven't got any clothes on.'

'You're naked?' I asked in surprise,

'Yes.' She gave a little gasp. 'And my hand is between my legs.'

'Are you....' I asked, suddenly understanding the unevenness in her breathing and abruptly wishing that this was a video call.

'Yes. Because I was thinking about you and I.' There was a pause and a gasp. 'And about you doing things with me. Will you do things with me?'

'Are you sure you want me to?'

'Oh my god, yes, I do, I really do. Will you watch me come and then take me out and fuck me?' Her voice was tightening as she asked me. 'It's making me come just thinking about it.'

'Are you coming right now?' I blurted, thrilled by her revelation. I must have sounded as excited as she was.

'Yes.' It was a strangled little word that said everything, especially when it was followed by a tight little gasp of pleasure.

I could hear her gasping, making little pleasure noises, sharp little sounds as her orgasm got closer. She didn't say anything more, but then she didn't have to, I could picture her in my mind, legs wide, her fingers rubbing frantically at herself with her eyes squeezed shut and the phone trapped against her ear. The noises became louder and more urgent until finally I heard a long series of gasps, a series that ran together into one long wail as she came. And then it was over and she was panting for breath down the phone. There was no other sound for quite a while and then she stated breathlessly. 'I've come, Adam.'

'Yes.' I responded simply.

'I loved it, knowing you were listening to me.' She was still breathing deeply from her orgasm and it made the words she said next sound all the more erotic. 'It would have been even better if you'd been here watching me.'

'It would have been better for me too.' I told her, imagination making my cock even harder.

'Can you come round tonight? Can you come and fuck me right now?' She asked abruptly. 'Shall I stay naked?'

I was soon to learn that Lucy could be very explicit when she was turned on, but at that moment I'd been taken aback by what she had said. I played for time. 'It can't be right now, I'm in the middle of something that can't wait. Can you give me an hour?'

I wasn't in the middle of anything, it was just that I needed to get my head around what was suddenly happening and I was buying the time to pluck up the courage. I was no longer bothered about George; my allegiance to him had evaporated the moment I heard what he had done, and that was mainly because I felt I'd shown him more loyalty than he had shown Lucy. Besides that I was bloody mad at myself for turning down the chance to fuck his wife before, and I blamed him for that too. But in my head she still couldn't go from forbidden fruit to freely available during one phone call, no matter how erotic it was, and so I still needed to persuade myself it was now okay to have her. I also needed to convince myself that she wanted me to do it for her own sake and she was not just using me to get her own back at George. I didn't think she was, and I suppose I knew I would go to her, but I needed time to let the idea sink in, no matter how much I might want her.

'Oh.' I heard both surprise and disappointment in that single word. 'Make it as soon as you can then, I really need you. I've thought about us doing it ever since that dinner party.'

'It will be.' I promised, my head in a whirl. Then I glanced at my watch. 'It will be too late tonight to do everything we were talking about.' I warned her.

'I know. We can go out another night.' She stated flatly. 'I think tonight I just need to be reassured that I'm still fuckable.' Her bluntness threw me again for a moment.

'You definitely are, more than ever,' I answered truthfully. 'But I didn't want to be pushing my luck.'

'You won't be.' She assured me. 'I need you to just come and fuck me. We can do everything else next time.'

'I'll be there just as soon as I can.'

'Good.' She sounded so relieved and I suddenly felt very guilty for my hesitation. 'And at least we can be sure George won't be there to spoil things.'

I could hear the bitterness in her tone. But what did I care now he'd gone?

'I'll be there.' I confirmed again before hanging up and sitting down to take everything in. All my Christmases seemed to have come at once. Just so long as she didn't want me to replace George. I was not marriage material.

She answered the door wearing a long pink silken robe, her hair was down and wearing very little makeup, or anything else as far as I could tell.

'Come in Adam.' Her voice was low and maybe a little anxious. But given the circumstances I could understand that. She stepped aside and I walked past her into the familiar hall. She shut the door and then turned to stand and look at me, a strangely serious expression on her face.

'I want to be sure this is a good idea.' She began hesitantly, sending my heart sinking like a stone, had my delay given her a chance for second thoughts? 'So let's set the record straight so that we know where we stand.' She looked at me more seriously. 'I want to be sure you understand that I'm not looking for a relationship, not straight after George. I just need some good healthy and stimulating sex with someone I fancy. Nothing serious, and if that's too honest for you then I'm sorry.'

She watched the dismay on my face turn into the biggest, happiest grin she'd ever seen as her meaning sank in. She couldn't have said a better thing if she'd tried. Now I knew that all my misgivings were unnecessary.

'I don't want serious either.' I told her truthfully. 'I just want what I've always wanted, good healthy sex.'

'You're sure you're not going to want us to get domestic together, aren't you?' She looked at me, her serious eyes searching for the answer she needed.

'Absolutely not.' I told her. 'You know I've always fancied you, but it's never been in a starry-eyed way.'

It should have been difficult to tell someone that your feelings for them were purely lust and not love, but it was easy this time because it was what we both wanted.

'So you're looking for a friends with benefits sort of thing, then?'

'Exactly.'

'That's what I wanted to hear.' She turned and smiled at me, and I smiled back, and then suddenly, out of nowhere, we were kissing. It was a long and passionate kiss, almost making a lie out of our previous declarations. Eventually we pushed each other away, holding each other at arm's length and breathing heavily.

'We'd better stop that.' She whispered. 'Or I might get the idea it's not just my body you want.'

She took my hand and led me through to the lounge, seating us both on the long sofa. We sat beside each other quietly for a few thoughtful minutes, as if neither of us quite knew how to continue.

'Are you surprised at what's happening to us?' She asked me suddenly, glancing up.

'A little bit.' I told her.

'Are you sure, really sure, that you want it?'

It sounded a little strange, the woman saying that, but then it was a strange situation. 'Oh yes, I'm sure.'

'Let's start then, while I've got the nerve.' She stood up and began unfasten her robe, her fingers noticeably trembling. 'Don't get me wrong, I do want to do it in front of you. But it's like doing a bungee jump - I'm terrified of it and yet I'm so looking forward to it. I've never had anyone watching me before, not even George. I think a big part of the thrill is the shame I'm going to feel from showing myself to you.'

I admired her honesty, and her nerves showed in her voice. 'I won't take advantage.' I promised.

'Yes you will, I hope you will anyway. I want you to.' Her robe dropped from her shoulders. 'I want to be all yours.'

I'd worried ever since we'd made the date about how we were going to start things off without it seeming too cold and calculated, and now we'd dropped into it without any difficulty at all. I sat and watched her undress while I pondered what she had said. I understood, or I thought I did, that her buzz would come from her self-imposed exhibitionism, from having to push her boundaries. I just watched her without moving a muscle until she sat down on one of the two armchairs, and then the spell lifted and I suddenly stood up and began to unfasten my belt.

'No, not yet' She told me sharply. 'I want it to be just me at first. Just sit and watch me, please.'

I looked at her puzzled.

'It'll be so much more exciting for me if I'm all exposed and you're still fully dressed.'

I thought I understood, so I did as she asked and stayed dressed, my eyes feasting on her body as she instinctively crossed her legs to hide herself from my gaze. She looked at me, realising what she had done, then smiled nervously and slowly uncrossed her legs, sliding a hand down between them as she did so to cover her pussy.


There was another silence as we stared at each other. The silence dragged on and I could see a worried look begin to spread over Lucy's face.

'I don't think I can do it.' She whispered after a minute or so, her voice quivering. 'I've lost my nerve.'

'Sure you can.' I encouraged her.

She shook her head. 'I can't. I thought I could, but I can't.'

'Well, I can't force you.' I told her, trying to sound more sympathetic than my libido felt. 'But please try.'

There was another silence and then she slowly took her hand away, steadily revealing her pussy to me. 'If I have to stop, will you forgive me?'

I nodded and smiled. 'Of course I will. I want it to be something we both enjoyed, not just me.'

I could see that she was struggling to overcome her instinctive embarrassment and so I deliberately looked at her face rather than anywhere else. Slowly but surely she spread her legs a little wider, her eyes shining and her chest heaving with nervous excitement.

I let my gaze drop to her pussy for a few seconds before returning my gaze to her face. She kind of flinched when I looked between her legs but she didn't attempt to cover herself and when I looked back she was smiling a tiny smile of success.

'Can you go wider?' I asked softly. 'Can you let me see all of you?' In truth there wasn't much left I couldn't see but I wanted to get rid of her inhibitions.

Still hesitating she did as I asked, shyly parting her legs as wide as she could until she eventually hung one over each arm of the chair and exposed herself completely. All the time she was staring intently into my face, her little smile getting wider as she overcame her fears.

'Do you like what you see?' She asked anxiously, needing reassurance.

'I love it.' I answered truthfully, looking her up and down. She was just as gorgeous as my imagination had made her. A beautiful body with small pert breasts tipped with long pale pink nipples, slender legs, and, something that made my heart leap, no pubes. She had no body hair at all, she was shaven completely and beautifully smooth

'And not just that bit?' She giggled with embarrassment, noticing where my eyes kept returning.

I wrenched them away and made a point of looking her over. 'Every bit.'

'Good. I hoped I wouldn't disappoint.'

'You couldn't.' I assured her. 'Can you play with yourself?'

'Watch me then.' She smiled again, just a little less nervously. 'I'll do this for you, and then promise you'll do things for me next time?'

I knew exactly what she meant and I nodded my agreement. My fantasy first, and then hers.

She hesitated a little more, but then her hand inched its way slowly down between her legs to part her labia with two fingers and deliberately hold herself wide open to my view, forcing herself to shed her normal shyness. She looked wonderful, lovely smooth pink labia puffy with arousal, the lovely dark shining wet entrance to her vagina and her rather large clitoris peeking out from under its hood. God, I wanted that woman, my cock was straining to burst free and take her. Then she ran her two fingers up and down the length of her slit before settling to stroke and massage her clit, her eyes still bright with excitement and a shy little smile of happiness playing around her mouth. I was seeing what I had so often dreamed of done by the woman I wanted to possess, and she was enjoying doing it for me. This, I vowed to myself once more, would become an evening neither of us would ever forget or regret.

For a little while neither of us spoke, she played and I watched. I was fascinated. I'd never seen a woman pleasuring herself before, except in porn films and that's not the same. Lucy was doing it for real. After her initial hesitation she was genuinely masturbating, her little gasps and groans weren't simulated, they were genuine pleasure noises and the blissful look on her face confirmed it. What a turn on.

'Is this what you wanted?' She asked suddenly, breathlessly. 'Tell me it's what you wanted.'

'Absolutely.' I told her, nodding vigorously. 'It's so damn sexy.'

'Good.' She gasped, twitching a little as a dart of pleasure hit her.

We fell silent again for a minute or so, silence only interrupted by Lucy's increasingly uneven breathing.

'I didn't think I could deliberately do it in front of anyone, but I'm glad I can.' She announced suddenly, her voice taking on the breathless quality I'd heard over the phone.

Her pelvis was beginning to move rhythmically now and she closed her eyes, resting her head back and surrendering to the sensations. The gasps were louder, more frequent, more insistent, starting to run into each other and turning into little cries of joy. I stared at her wide open pussy, watching it as she masturbated, waiting for the moment she came. Silly as it sounds I just wanted to see her pussy in orgasm. I flicked a quick glance at her face, her eyes were open again, watching me as I watched her, and she gave me the ghost of a smile even as her face tightened and her brows creased in a frown of concentration as her climax advanced.

'Oh.' She gasped suddenly, her hips jerking forward so that her pussy opened even more. 'Watch me Adam. Keep looking, I'm going to come.'

I didn't need telling, I watched, staring at her beautiful pussy, seeing her hips thrust and her vagina pulsate as she climaxed. Now her eyes were squeezed shut and her fingers blurred as she brought herself off, little cries becoming louder until she gave one long last gasp and it was over.

'Oh Christ, that was good.' She panted for breath as she slumped in her chair afterwards, trembling and spent, but smiling happily at the same time. 'Was it what you expected?'

'Better than I could have dreamed.' I answered honestly. 'I've never seen anything so hot.'

'It worked for me too.' She giggled rather self-consciously. 'It's strange, but when I got used to it I really loved having someone just watching me. Can we do it again another time?'

'I bloody well hope so.' I told her feelingly; thinking that every time we met would do just fine.

'Shall we go upstairs?' I asked after a minute or so watching her breasts rise and fall as she rested, regaining her breath. It was beautiful to watch, but I had something in my trousers that was aching to get out. 'Something is getting too big for its boots.'

It took her a moment or two, but then she understood the growing urgency and climbed to her feet, smiling. 'We don't want him to get strangled, now do we?' She grinned. 'At least not until he's done his job.'

She pulled on her robe again, and then looked sheepishly at me. 'Sorry, force of habit.' Before she held out her hand to me and led the way upstairs.

As she turned into the master bedroom I was very aware that this was the room where she and George had slept together and made love together, but when I saw the room all such thoughts vanished. It was a beautifully decorated room, thick pink carpet and white furniture with that same two tone décor repeated on the walls and curtains and pretty much everything else. But the thing that held my gazer more than anything was the king size bed.

'George thought himself a king size lover.' She saw where my eyes had rested. 'But he was a bit optimistic.' She gave me lopsided smile.

She went and stood beside the bed and turned to face me, her eyes holding mine as her hands were fumbling for the cord to her robe. I just stood there, mesmerised, as it slid from her shoulders and then fell to the floor, making a crumpled pile around her feet and leaving her standing there, totally naked. She was still beautiful, as beautiful as I remembered from only a few minutes before. But it was like a new revelation, because this time I knew I was going to possess her. My eyes were drawn first to her breasts, smallish but incredibly pert, with those long pale nipples that just cried out to be sucked, and then to her wonderfully flat stomach, not six-packed and athletic but feminine and soft. From there I let my gaze wander south to long tapering legs and then fastening on a lovely clean shaven pussy that tempted by just showing the top of her slit. She was stunning and I once more I couldn't take my eyes off of her.

'You're not going to stand and stare all night, are you?' She sounded part embarrassed and part amused by my gaze.

'But you are beautiful.' I told her, my voice almost a whisper.

She giggled softly and climbed onto the bed. 'Thank you kind sir, but I'm kind of horny too. Come and take me.'

The huskiness in her voice and the up-front way she had spoken had the effect of jerking me from my trance and reminding me why I was there. My fingers were straight away scrabbling at my clothes, but my eyes never left the gorgeous blonde goddess who reclined on the bed, resting on her side with one arm propping up her head to watch me. I have no real recollection of undoing any buttons or zips, or where I dropped my clothes, but suddenly I was naked too and climbing onto the bed to lie beside her. She looked at me for a moment and then rolled flat on her back, parting her legs in unspoken invitation.

For a second or two I hesitated, it seemed too good to be real, but then I reached out to feel her breast, moulding the soft flesh with my fingers and feeling her hard nipple against my palm. She sighed quietly in a kind of happy relief and then moaned softly as I trapped her nipple between my fingers and pulled on it to peak her breast before releasing it to jerk back again. Now I let my fingers trail over her skin, heading across her abdomen for her pussy before she stopped me, turning her head to gaze into my face.

'Don't play.' She said, making me frown. 'We can do that another time, but right now I can't wait. I want to feel your cock up inside me.'

She couldn't have been plainer, and it helped. I suppose I'd been wanting to take it step by step, to finally make sure it was what we both really wanted, but her words took that intention away. I rolled on top of her, reaching down to find my cock and guide it into her pussy. Maybe I also subconsciously intended to prolong the sensation of finally entering the woman I had wanted for so long, but she was so wet and slippery that as soon as my cock found her entrance and began to slide inside I couldn't prevent myself from thrusting it all the way in. I groaned with the pleasure of it as I felt her warm moist passage envelop my shaft, knowing that at long, long last I was actually doing it with Lucy.

She gave a long sigh and then fastened her legs and arms around me in a way that said that she wasn't going to let me go. She wanted me as much as I wanted her.

'Do it Adam.' Her voice was tight with passion. 'Fuck me hard.'

I groaned again from just hearing those words and then I began to move, pulling back and then thrusting forward, slowly at first but then speeding up, plunging deep into her, urged on by her fingernails digging into my back and her harsh breathing in my ears. Soon we were fucking and kissing at the same time.

It was a fantastic sensation to be inside her, thrusting deeply and firmly but without the frantic urgency of a usual first time, and the climb to a climax was long and gentle for both of us. Lucy wriggled and squirmed beneath me, gasping louder and louder into my mouth as we kissed, while I kept up a steady rhythm, feeling the pressure and that familiar, almost painful, sensation build inside my balls.

Suddenly she twisted her mouth away and gasped into my ear. 'I'm coming.'

Her timing could not have been better, for so was I. We came at exactly the same moment, with me thrusting hard into her and groaning like some weird animal and with Lucy gasping and thrusting back with her hips as her own orgasm arrived. I've made love many times and climaxed inside a woman many times, but that was one of the best, certainly one of the most satisfying I ever had. I think the same must have applied to Lucy because afterwards she lay sprawled out under me with a big happy smile across her face.

After a minute or so, when my legs had stopped trembling and I could breathe again, I clambered off of her so that we could lie side by side on the bed. She rolled on her side to look at me.

'So, will you come here often?' She asked in a parody of the age-old chat-up line.

'Oh yes,' I answered twisting the meaning slightly. 'And so will you.'

'We'll have to think about where we're going to go next time.' She remarked. 'Not somewhere that will get us arrested, but just somewhere risky, maybe even very risky.' She giggled at the thought.

'I can't wait.' I told her, grinning happily.

That was my first time with Lucy, but I was damn sure it wasn't going to be my last. She was going to take a little getting used to; she was so full of contradictions. A shy exhibitionist who was elegant and sophisticated until the clothes were off, and then could be as coarse as any tart. She was an inexperienced woman who wanted to try everything but who shied at the first fence. Yes, sure she was going to take some getting used to, but by God she was going to be worth it. Our next step would be finding out if she really could do it in public.
