
I am new at this site. Never got a chance to share my sexual experiences with 
others. Let me see how well I can recapture all those hot moments. 
Ours was a love marriage. My wife's name is Meera. She is a pretty and intelligent 
female, with a nice ass. I fell in love with her because of her big ass, 
which shakes a lot when she walks. I would like to thank all those 
ancestors of ours for inventing high heel footwear, which increases the 
assshaking capacity of girls. Let me not wander around and get straight 
to the POINT. First of all Meera is not the heroine of this story. I 
had gone to visit wife's house one Saturday evening. Usually we 
meet and have sex during the weekends. I rang the bell and was waiting 
for her. It took some time for the door to open. And Mini opened the door. 
She is Meera's elder sister who has come for a visit, and 
Meera has gone to another friends place for a party. I was a bit 
disappointed, because I was out of town during the week, and hadn't 
'done IT' for almost one week, and now Meera is not there. But 
suddenly I realized that I have overlooked something,. YES, this sister 
of Meera had big tits. 
"Can I come in", I asked. 
"Of course, please come in, .... ", she showed me 
in, with an inviting smile. I 
was trying not to look directly THERE, but failing miserably. 
" Meera always tell that you are a very nice guy, ...anyway... would you like some tea?" 
I wanted to say her, how beautiful she looked, and how big her tits were 
etc. But I was trying to be a bit decent. Our Conversation went on, and 
Her husband is in the army. Her back was facing me and I just couldn't control my eyes 
from massaging her body with my looks. I took all the courage and went 
closer to her and kept my hands on her shoulder. She turned and gave me 
a cold stare first, and then slowly blushed, and then asked "Raj will 
you make love to me??, I haven 't had sex for 3 months... Please". 
This is too fast I thought, but there was no time to think anything. I 
pulled her neck towards me and forced my lips into hers, wow... It was 
hot, I could feel the blood flowing in her lips, I kissed her even more 
passionately, by inserting my tongue into her mouth, and she responded 
by exploring my mouth with her soft tongue. It was nice to feel her 
tongue touching my throat. She started kissing all over my lips and 
ears and behind my neck, and her hands where grabbing my buttocks. I 
was searching for the hooks of her blouse. Suddenly she pushed me back, 
and made me sit on a chair. 
Then she thew the top part of the blue sari down, and started unhooking 
her blouse hooks, my eyes were bulging out , and I could not wait to see 
those boobs getting uncovered. After removing the blouse she turned back 
and started removing her bra also. I pulled her towards me and kissed 
her back ,while she was doing it. 
I ran my lips and tongue across the length of her back till I touched 
her neck. When I kissed her shoulders she moaned passionately..... She 
turned back, and with a naughty look through her bra off. The sight of 
two tight tits with the big pink areola,... wow, I could feel my dick 
banging on my pants trying to come out. 
She pulled me towards her, and kissed on my lips again, Here tits were 
pressing hard against my chest, and I was feeling her big ass in my 
hands. I made her sit on the chair, and knelt on my knees, I took one of 
her big tight tit in my hand and caressed the nipple with my thumbs. I 
could see her shivering. At the same time I started licking her other 
nipple, and after some time I couldn't control it. I took her boob fully 
into my mouth, while my tongue was pressing hard against the areola and 
nipple. Whenever I bit her boob softly with my teeth, she gave me a very 
sweet "Raajjjjj..." moan. My experienced hand was fondling the other boob. 
At some point, she grabbed me by my head and released her boob from my 
mouth, and pushed me back she spread her legs more widely and showed her 
velvet panty.. She pulled my hands and made me place it there. (Those of 
you who would have 'done IT', will know and how hot and wet it will 
be).Then she made me put my hand inside her panty. I just moved my 
fingers touching her cunt lips, as she sat back and enjoyed. I pulled 
her panty in a bit hurry; and it tore off. From her face I could make 
out that she liked my aggressiveness. I just pushed her legs wider and 
showed my head into the right place. I spread her cunt lips and pushed 
the tip of my tongue deep into her love hole; the nice aroma, and the 
wetness, and hot ness of her cunt made me wild. I used my thumb to play 
with her lovebutton also. She was clutching my head and pushing it 
deeply into her crotch. My nose was buried deep into her thick bush and 
was getting tickled nicely. She stopped for a moment and separated my 
mouth from her wet hole and stood up. I started kissing her thighs, and 
went down till her tows. Then she kept her leg on my shoulder, and slid 
it behind me. Now my head was right under her cunt. She lowered it 
slowly again, and pushed me down till my head touched the ground. She 
started fucking my mouth with her cunt. She was rubbing it so hard 
against my mouth and nose as though she had gone mad. I realized that 
she is wild and will come at any time. I wanted her to cum along with me 
and climax at the same time. I unzipped my pants and took my tool out. I 
pulled her right hand and made her wrap her soft hand around my hot 
cock. She still continued rubbing her cunt lips against my face, but 
started working with my tool also. After some time, while I was on the 
verge of coming, I lifted her body grabbing her ass and managed to slide 
my crotch under hers. My dick was so straight I had tough time directing 
it into her cunt. When I entered she gave a deep sigh and moaned 
"thanxxx raj". She started fucking me softly and slowly in the beginning 
looking right into my eyes, and calling me all sweet names. She was so 
wet that, when I looked at the base of my cock, I could see the cum 
dripping at the opening and lubricating my cock. With her banging 
movements getting stronger and stronger, I could feel my balls 
shuddering. She was very good at the art of fucking. I was lying down 
and enjoying her body working around my cock. Some times, she just 
reduced the speed of fucking and looked deep into my eyes, and 
whispered, "Raj you are a very nice guy". She even made her cunt a bit 
tight, at times and made it a difficult for my cock to slide through. 
But The feeling of her cunt tightening and loosening around my cock was 
heavenly.... 
I could feel her movements becoming stronger and moanings became louder. 
My hands were fondling her tits, which had become as hard as metal. She 
was shouting I am coming... I am coming..., and she pressed my hands against 
the boobs which I was fondling, I was also on the verge of climaxing , 
and started rocking my cock hard. I could feel my dick going deep into 
her, and then the waves of passion, flowing across my body, and the 
semen splashing deep into her vagina. She had also peeked, and there 
were those orgasmic waves occurring in her cunt, crushing and loosening 
my dick periodically. I don't remember how much time I lied there with 
my dick in her cunt. She was kissing passionately on my neck when I got 
up. "Do you still want the tea "she asked. "Probably something cold 
would be better, to chill me out", I answered while grabbing a piece of 
her ass. 
It was the greatest fuck I ever had...