The first day that I interviewed her for a job, I knew I was in trouble. She walked into my office knowing full well her place in life. What a beautiful woman, with a full figure. She had large breasts and a stunning large apple shaped derrire. I knew she lived a life filled with compliments , she seemed so sure of herself. After she sat down I felt that I was the one being interviewed not her. I became nervous with sweat dripping down my back. I hired her on the spot with twice the salary that I had planned on offering.

Within a year I had asked her to be my wife and she said yes. After our honeymoon she quit her job and began to live the life of luxury that I felt she deserved. I wanted her to have anything she wanted and this made her happy. Our sex life was fantastic for me, she was such tease, and we both loved to talk about out fantasies as we made love. I told her I wanted to become her love slave and she said she would be my queen and make me wait on her night and day. One day she sat on my face enjoying my tongue until her orgasms overwhelmed her, then she turned around and spread those large cheeks of hers and put the tip of my nose right into her little rosebud. While I lay there with my nose in her back door and my tongue in her pussy she reach over and rubbed my dick teasing me

"I don't know how I put up with this little dick of yours. I should go out and find a real man to satisfy me and just keep you for your money. Well look how hard you're getting. Does that excite you thinking of me fucking another man? What if I did it right in front of you so you could watch. Oh yeah I can see you like that. And then when my real man is done with me I'll let you clean me up."

That was all it took I spurted all over her hand. She leaned back burying my nose deeper in her ass then she started dipping her finger in my cum and feeding it to me as I licked her pussy. "Come on my little cum sucker clean it all up."

So this became our fantasy world, she would tell me about her dream lover until I came and then she would make me clean it up. It was so exciting I wanted to make it really happen, but she said no way, she was not a sleep around type of girl anymore.

We had planned a vacation in the Bahamas and we were both looking forward to it. Just a week before our trip I got involved in a major account takeover and there was no way that I would be able to leave on vacation. When I told my wife she was furious, I told her to go without me.

" You want me to go alone?"

" Why don't you ask your friend Jolene to go with you? You always said you two were close, and this would give you a chance to catch up with old times."

In the end, she reluctantly agreed and her friend Jolene was ecstatic. So everything seemed OK. As she was packing, she said,

"I hate going with Jolene, she is so slim with her little size 1 thong. I'm so fat a thong would disappear up my butt crack. And she never wears a bra those little tittys of hers stand out strait on their own."

I said, "Don't talk like that. I love your body just like it is; you have curves while she is flat and strait. And that lovely apple bottom of yours shows the world you are built for comfort not speed."

"I know you are right, I am what I am, and I am going to have a good time, I don't care about her little petite body."

As we made love that night, she said,

"Maybe this vacation will give me a chance to meet a real man. Would you like that? Maybe I'll bring you home some cum filled panties as a souvenir."

"Oh yes please do. You're right, now would be a good time to find someone to have a fling with. You know you have my blessing to do anything you want on your vacation"

"What do you mean on my vacation? I know I have your blessing anytime I want it."

She left on her vacation and I stayed and worked. She would call me every morning and tell me about the fun they had the day before.

"I been so naughty, wait until you see my all over suntan then you'll know. It all Jolene's fault she teased me into it, besides everybody suns naked here. Tonight Jolene is taking me to a club she heard about for a hot night of dancing."

"Maybe you'll meet a man who interests you and have that fling you are always talking about."

"I just might do that. You listen to me young man, if you are going to play with yourself all night I want you to lick up all your cum and pretend it's my new lover's."

The next morning I didn't get a call and I became worried but she finally called me at work in the afternoon.

"Oh boy have I ever been naughty, I hope you haven't been kidding me about meeting a man. We went dancing at a club across the island; we were the only white girls in there. This huge guy came up to me, he didn't say a word he just took my hand and led me to the dance floor. He held me so tight against him I could feel his huge member against me. I looked up to him and he just pressed his lips to mine and then forced his tongue into my mouth. We danced like that till the end of the song and then instead of taking me back to my table he led me out the back door and to his car. I was shocked but I couldn't say a word I just let him have his way with me. He picked me up like I was a feather and sat me on the hood of a car. He pulled my dress up then he just pulled off my panties and stuck them in his pocket. Next he undid his pants, as they fell to the ground I saw his cock sticking straight out. He walked right up to me and stuck it in me; I couldn't believe it I was so wet this huge monster slipped right into me right up to his hairy balls. I swear I came on his first stroke and then almost every stroke after that. When he finally came he just flooded me, I felt it running out and into the crack of my ass. I just didn't want him to stop, I begged please, please don't take it out just hold it there for a while. He laughed, I think that was the first sound he had made all night. He pulled his cock out and presented it to me to clean. I got down on my knees in the parking lot and slurped him with all my might. Then he pulled it out of my mouth with a plop, pulled up his pants and walked backed in the club. That was that, when I finally got steady enough to walk I went back to the club but he was gone. So I won't have any souvenir cum filled panties for you, my man took those for his trophy case."
"Why didn't you call this morning?"

"Ah that is the second part of my adventure. This morning I was telling Jolene about my adventure and I mentioned how much cum was still left inside me. And when I showed her how messy I was she wanted to clean me, Since you weren't here I let her. I think she does a better job than you do. So you better treat me good or I won't even let you be my cleanup boy."

With that I came all over my business suit.