I'm the west coast regional manager of; well let's just say it is a large multi-national firm. Literally hundreds of people's lively hood depends on the decisions I make daily. I dress in dark suits and white shirts in order to look as professional as I can. No one at work would ever guess that under these trappings of the business world I'm wearing the pink pair of Spanks panties that my wife selected for me to wear today. What might be even a bigger shock to those who work for me would be my hair free body and the tan lines on my chest from the top of my bikini swimsuit. Yes that's right I lead a double life cut throat executive during the workweek and doting girlfriend to my wife on the weekend. 

It was my uncontrollable fascination with women's underwear that got me into trouble. One Friday I came home from work early to an empty house, I went directly to the bedroom to change. My wife must have been ready to do the laundry because there were mounds of dirty clothes on the floor. As I took off my suit off I saw my wife's soiled undies piled on our bed and like a moth to the flame, I was drawn to them. I picked up a pair of her panties, so soft so feminine and with just the slightest touch of a stain in the gusset. I brought them to my nose and found they still had a hint of her essence in them. 

With my erection already throbbing, I dropped my own boxers to my ankles and wrapped Jerri's pretty panties around my cock. It felt so sexy as I rubbed myself inside them. I kept thinking these panties had just been up against the folds of Jerri's pussy. Wouldn't I love to be a pair of her panties for a day living my life caressing that most precious part of her, absorbing her fluids as they trickled out of her slit? The image was more than I could bear and I came in the panties and thus mixing my emissions with my wife's.

"Jack, just what in the hell do you think you're doing?"

I looked up to see my wife standing there watching me soil her panties.

"Jerri, wait I can explain..."

"Don't bother," and she turned and walked out of the bedroom.

To say that my wife ran my life would almost be an understatement as all decisions in our marriage and my life came from her. Even my career came from her family and no matter what I might think; I knew I was lucky to be with her. Jerri might remind you of a young Joan Crawford, beautiful even when angry. The way she dressed made her look just as elegant as Miss Crawford always did. I knew I was in trouble and I turned to run after her only to trip in my underwear still around my feet. I fell to the floor and then looked up to see her come back in room. I sheepishly got back to my feet, red faced I noticed I still held my wife's panties in my hand. She held her hand out for them and when I handed them to her, she took them with two fingers as if making sure not to get any of my slime on her.

She spread them apart to inspect the cum coated crotch,

"So if you like my underwear so much maybe you should wear them. Here put them on; don't be worried about stretching them out because I'll never wear the filthy things again."

I did as instructed until I felt the chill of my wet cum against my balls.

"Come with me I have a chore for you."

She took my hand and led me to her sitting room as she calls it.

"Seeing you in my panties gives me an idea, I have this dress pinned up for a hem but I can't tell if it is even. You put on my dress and stand on that chair."

She put the dress over my head and after sticking my arms in, it fell in place down over my body. When I started to stand on the chair, she stopped me,

"Wait it not falling right, just stay right here." 

She left the room I looked over and noticed that if anybody walked by they would see me in a dress but I stayed put waiting for Jerri's return.

She came back in,

"This dress is too full wear without a slip, take it off and we'll start over." 

She had an arm full of her under things; the first item she handed me was a girdle, 

"You'll need a foundation garment," was all she said.

Whereas my wife is a full figured woman, I am rather of small stature but I had never noticed how close to the same size we were. I had trouble putting the girdle on but it did fit and it felt erotic the way it caressed my body. Next came the full slip, the crinoline rustling as I moved to sit on the bed as she instructed. She held a pair of her nylons in her hand,

"If I'm going to dress you like a girl I might as well give you the full effect."

She showed me how to scrunch up the hose until my fingers were spreading the end apart. Being careful not to snag them, I put them on and watched as she attached them to the garters hanging from my girdle. I then put the dress back on and took my place on the chair as she checked the hem. On her knees as I slowly turned for her she began to run her hands up my nylon covered legs.

"You know Jack, with a little work; you'd make a very pretty girl. I've always said that your eyes were far too pretty for a man and if we let those blond locks grow a bit, I'm sure it would curl nicely. I know we can call you Jackie"

I think I might have moaned for we were now crossing into some fantasies that I have repressed for a long time. She reached to my groin and took a hold of my throbbing erection. 

"Well, look what we have here, you like that idea, don't you. Of course when you're a girl you won't need this nasty thing." 

I didn't dare speak so I just nodded weakly as she kept squeezing and rubbing me through the soiled panties I was wearing.

She stood and took my hand to help me down from my perch. She unbuttoned a couple of buttons, stuck her hand inside my dress, and put a finger to my nipple. I felt it go hard to her caress; she then began to massage my chest as if I had breasts. She then took her finger and traced it over my lips,

"As a girl this will be your new sex organ, stick your tongue out I want to feel it. Oh yes I can just feel this rubbing up against my clit. Hurry and take off your pretty dress I don't want you to wrinkle it. No don't just lay it there you hang that up like a good girl. That's right now come undress your lover."

I went to her and undressed her as she stood there silently; I knew to hang up her suit, and when I looked to her for approval, she smiled. She was now naked but I was still dressed in my undergarments as she led me to the bed. We lay down together and kissed as she rubbed her breasts against my tiny man boobs and yet her nipples against mine felt very erotic. She broke our kiss to rise up and look at me,

"Oh Jackie will you be my lesbian lover?" 

The moment felt so right and I told her yes that was what I wanted to be.

She lay back down and I knew my place and crawled to be between her legs. As I lapped at her, I could taste all the juice flowing from her pussy and from the knowledge that I was pleasing her, gave me great pleasure as well. I looked to see her watching me and she began to comb her fingers through my hair.

"Yes my sweetie you will be my precious pussy lapper and I will keep you dressed in my panties."

She came with a loud squeal and then she pushed my head away saying she was now to sensitive to be touched. 

As she lay there, I excused myself to go clean up but what I wanted was some privacy to relieve my throbbing hard-on. I had just finished cumming in the sink when she opened the door and walked in. To my shock, she sat on the commode and relieved herself. She saw the look on my face,

"Honey, we girls pee in front of each other all the time, you'll just have to get use to it."

She invited me to shower with her and proceeded to give me my first full body shave. I must say it felt great to be smooth all over although as I found out later it is even better when she took me to her waxer who now gives me wax jobs to keep me smooth. 

As I said, I live in two different worlds, one as a man and the other a woman. My hair is now long enough that we can style it similar to a young Janet Leigh on the weekends and yet comb it back as a man during the week. Jerri and I still have sex as man and wife but I think that both of us prefer me playing her lesbian lover until she is satisfied. After, I go into the bath where I masturbate in the sink. Our weekends are filled with things my wife enjoys and my enjoyment comes from seeing her happy.

Lately she has taken me out in public dressed in woman's clothes but the kind that will pass if you don't really notice. I wear a pair of ladies slacks that zip up the side and I always tuck myself between my legs, and with my Spanks undies on it stays where it belongs. The only way you could tell I'm wearing a blouse would be if you noticed that it buttons on the left side. Jerri is after me to go shopping with her in complete drag; I mean dress, nylons, and high heels. She says that I can pass but I worry about the embarrassment of being caught by someone we know. Of course, I know it will happen for Jerri always gets her way.
