As Mileena and Jacqui stared at each other, Mileena couldn't help the way her eyes traveled up and down the other woman's beautiful body. She honestly wished that they didn't have to fight, instead, she wanted the two of them to have some very different kinds of fun. She loved fighting, but she also loved fucking just as much.
"Come play with me, Jacqueline," Mileena said, her tone laced with lust, hoping to seduce the Earthrealmer. The Outworlder had instantly been attracted to her the second their eyes met. The last few times she and Jacqui had fought, their fights ended in a tie or whatever the equivalent it was when it came to fighting to the death, either in a Mortal Kombat tournament or separate match altogether.
"We talking kombat or something else?" Jacqui replied, the way that Mileena said her full first name sent pleasant tingles straight down her spine all the way to between her legs. She always thought that Mileena was beautiful. She even liked her teeth. She might have had a kink. She shook her head so that she could focus on the fight instead of how fucking gorgeous her opponent was.
"Either way, I'll be satisfied. I guarantee it. We'll definitely both be." Mileena practically purred, her face heating up while she talked to her crush.
Jacqui's eyes widened, blushing brightly when she realized what Mileena was saying. She wanted Mileena just as bad as Mileena wanted her. Maybe after their fight, she'll ask her out on a date.
"Whoever wins, she'll ask the winner out," Jacqui said, causing Mileena to blush again. She'll love to see that blush, but in a way more intimate setting, like in one of their beds with the two of them writhing in each other's arms under their covers.
The two women then take their stances, ready to fight. They rushed towards each other, throwing punches and kicks, only a few of them connecting. Both fighters now had some minor cuts and bruises, a little bit of blood here and there.
Jacqui propelled herself forward using the power of her gauntlets, she managed to hit Mileena in the chest, sending her flying backward. She jumped up into the air, aiming to kick Mileena, who dodged out of the way just as Jacqui's foot made contact with the ground instead, causing a very small crater to appear.
Mileena smirked as she turned on her heel to face her, taking one of her sai in her hands. She threw it in Jacqui's direction, who moved swiftly to the side, narrowing avoiding being hit by it, but she was rather surprised when she saw the hybrid suddenly appear right in front of her. Mileena threw a left hook to her face, Jacqui took the bait blocking that punch instead of seeing the oncoming round kick that hit her in the small of her back, causing her to fall forward and Mileena caught her with an elbow in the face.
Jacqui grunted heavily as she was knocked to the ground on her ass. She glared up at her opponent, jumping back up to her feet. She signaled for Mileena to come at her, she did. After blocking a gut punch from the other woman, Jacqui did an uppercut right under the hybrid's chin, sending her flying several feet away. She rushed her, her punches and kicks getting blocked.
They traded more blows for several long minutes until they were both nearly out of breath. As Jacqui went to grab her for a throw, Mileena ducked slightly, elbowing her right in the throat, quite literally knocking the wind out of her, causing her to choke and gag, trying to get air back into her lungs, landing pretty hard onto the ground below her. Mileena walked over to her fallen weapon, picking it up, then she made her way over to Jacqui. When she went to deal the killing blow, she noticed the tears falling from her fearful eyes. And she knew that she couldn't kill her. She realized that she couldn't do it. She loved her way too much. The match ended with Mileena winning.
Jacqui stared after her, wiping at her eyes so that nobody would see her tears. She was surprised that Mileena hadn't killed her. Maybe they had a chance after all. She got up to get her wounds treated. She jogged over to where Mileena was, who was about to leave for Outworld via a portal.
"Hey, Mileena. Wait a second. Can we talk?" Jacqui suggested, wringing her hands a little, showing how nervous she really was about all this. But she was also quite excited as well.
"You do? Well, I'm intrigued. Let's talk somewhere else. Follow me." Mileena stated as she led Jacqui away from the arena that they were just fighting in. It was just a few minutes later when they were standing in front of an all- night diner. "I'm hungry. We can eat and talk. I assume after our fight, you're probably hungry like I am." Mileena finished once she received a nod from Jacqui, she pulled the door open, the two of them walking inside. They quickly found a booth to share, sitting across from one another.
"Have you ever been here before?" Jacqui asked curiously. She was wondering how Mileena knew about the place. It was actually very nice inside and she liked the atmosphere.
"It wasn't that long ago when a chef from Earthrealm was brought to Outworld. I saved her life and when I brought her back home, she started this diner. She serves food to everyone, regardless of who they are. We're friends. Order whatever you want. I do have some money that I've won from recent fights." Mileena said, surprising her.
Jacqui nodded as she looked through the menu that the waitress had brought over to them after they sat down in the booth that was near the very back of the diner. She chose a chicken strip meal with french fries. She had no idea what Mileena was going to get to eat. She wasn't sure that she wanted to know.
While they ate, they talked a little bit about various subjects. Over an hour later before they left, Jacqui wanted to know a couple of things.
"It's about earlier. Do you really want to have some fun with me besides fighting? Because, I'm actually very, very open to the idea. It's been a while for me and I could certainly use some fun in my life right now. If you're game, so am I." Jacqui confessed with a suggestive glint of lust in her eyes.
"Yes, you're right. I did say that right before our fight tonight. The reason why I did it is because I'm attracted to you. You're one of the most beautiful people I've ever seen. You see, Jacqueline, I've been very busy with helping my sister rebuild and rule Edenia together. I just haven't had the time to mate with anyone. My sister and I do mate with each other if we have the time and when we're courting anyone else." Mileena responded, flushing from her admission. Nobody else knew that she and Kitana were sisters with benefits.
"Wow. That's pretty awesome. I understand. Almost everyone has incredibly busy lives, even people from other realms. So I get it. If you want to get out of here, my best friend Cassie set me up with my own apartment. Which is pretty close to where we are. We can leave on my bike." Jacqui said with a smirk pulling her keys out of a pocket, showing them to her companion.
"Before we do anything, I have to let my sister know that I won't be coming home until tomorrow. I don't want to worry. She has plenty enough to deal with as it is. Let's go then." Mileena replied as she went to go pay for their food. She contacted Kitana with some kind of device from Outworld to let her know what was going on.
"Come on, my bike isn't too far," Jacqui said, taking her half a block away where her motorcycle was parked next to an abandoned building. She handed Mileena her spare helmet, putting her own on seconds later. She started the bike, heading towards her apartment.

xxx-Less Than Fifteen Minutes Later-xxx

Before they were even inside Jacqui's apartment, she and Mileena were kissing. The hybrid being as careful as she possibly could with her Tarkatan teeth so that she wouldn't hurt Jacqui. She wanted to fuck her, not kill and eat her. She actually liked her quite a bit.
After parting for air, Jacqui led her to her bedroom. She opened the door. She gently pushed Mileena onto the bed, getting on top of her and kissing her once more. Jacqui straddled her, she began to grind herself against Mileena. They both moaned into each other's mouths. She broke the kiss, kissing down Mileena's neck, who arched up into her. She gently grasped Mileena's breasts through her clothes, causing her to moan her name loudly.
"Fuck, Jacqui. I want to see you naked, please." Mileena asked, blushing a bit. She had a bad day, but that night was looking to be a great one.
Jacqui nodded, getting up and off of Mileena, pulling her with her. The two of them began to take each other's clothes off, which took a while because of all the clasps and shit that were keeping said clothes on their bodies. Afterward, both women were just in their underwear. Mileena laid back onto the bed, beckoning her closer. Jacqui climbed on top of her, kissing once more as she continued where she left off; groping and fondling her breasts.
Mileena sat up, taking off her bra, throwing it onto the bedroom floor. Jacqui pushed her back down, attaching her lips to one of Mileena's hard nipples, ripping a groan from deep within her throat. The hybrid's nipples were always sensitive. She set her hands on Jacqui's waist, rubbing in circles.
Jacqui swirled her tongue around the stiff nipple between her lips as she lightly pinched Mileena's other nipple. She positioned a knee between her legs, pressing it up against the other woman's pussy through her now soaked underwear. She smirked when she heard soft moans of her name falling from Mileena's mouth. She soon switched breasts, then she started going back and forth. Jacqui kissed up to Mileena's throat, licking and biting it, Mileena whimpering in pleasure. She eventually made her way down her body, finally settling between her legs.
It took everything that she had not to buck her hips up into Jacqui's face as she kissed her over her underwear. Mileena loved every second of it. She rolled her hips slightly, hoping that Jacqui would get on with it. She felt the Earthrealmer's hands grasp at the hem of her underwear, so she lifted her hips to Jacqui take them off, which she did.
Jacqui discarded them to the floor, she then draped Mileena's legs over her shoulders and she leaned down, tasting her pussy for the first time as she swiped her tongue up and down her dripping wet slit. Jacqui had to grip her hips to keep her from moving around too much. She found the taste and smell of Mileena's pussy absolutely intoxicating. She couldn't get enough of it. She sucked on Mileena's lower, earning her a squeal and a low, throaty groan of her name. After a few minutes, she licked to her clit, flicking her tongue across it as she rubbed two fingers gently at her entrance.
Mileena gasped, groaned, and moaned when she felt two of Jacqui's slender fingers slowly ease their way into her pussy, her hips moving of their own accord and her back arched beautifully. She tried not to buck her hips, but she just couldn't help it as Jacqui fucked her harder with her fingers.
Jacqui loved the feeling of Mileena's tight, wet inner walls practically sucking at her fingers, pulling deeper into her. She also enjoyed licking and sucking on her aching clit. The sounds that Mileena was making were sweet, sweet music to her ears. She was caught off guard with Mileena's sudden orgasm, clamping down on her digits, coating them and her entire in her cum. Jacqui was surprised as Mileena pulled her up, kissing her and tasting herself.
Mileena broke the kiss to lick and suck at her breasts, coaxing moans and groans of her name. She wrapped her hands around Jacqui's ass, pulling her so that her pussy would be right above her face. Mileena saw her staring down at her as she got her first taste of the Earthrealmer's cunt, groaning into her and sending pleasant vibrations through Jacqui's entire being. She used her rather long, unique tongue to flick at her bundle of nerves, immediately thrusting two fingers in and out of her.
Jacqui started to rub and grind herself against Mileena's face, with how hard she was being fucked, she wouldn't last long.
"Ohh fuck, Mileena. Just like that, baby. Shit, I'm going to cum soon. I'm going to cum right in your mouth." Jacqui nearly screamed as she did cum and she came hard, squirting all over Mileena's face, chest, and mouth.
Mileena helped her ride out her intense orgasm, then she brought her back down to the bed, laying her on the bed and cuddled up next to her. She'll love to bed her again. She had a lot of fun.
"That was amazing, Mileena. Let's do round two later. You wore me the fuck out." Jacqui said, feeling very tired all of a sudden. She guessed fighting almost to the death and fucking would do that to a person.
"I agree Jacqui. I enjoyed it as well. I'm exhausted too. We both could use some sleep." Mileena replied, taking Jacqui into her arms and spooning her from behind, the two women falling shortly after Jacqui pulled the covers over them both.

xxx-Two Years Later-xxx

Over the course of the last two years, Jacqui and Mileena had gotten closer to one another. They eventually told Jacqui's friends and family about their relationship. They weren't happy about it at first, but they soon saw that they had misjudged Mileena. She was a good person. People should not judge others until someone truly knows them.
The couple would split their time between Earthrealm and Outworld. Sometimes, Mileena would join Jacqui, Cassie, and the rest of the team on several of their missions when they needed the extra help.
Three more years passed before Jacqui proposed to Mileena, who happily accepted. They had two marriage ceremonies; One in Earthrealm and the second in Outworld. It wasn't long until Mileena finally decided to stay with her wife in Earthrealm permanently, but she still visited Outworld frequently. She was with the woman she loved and she didn't want to be anywhere else.