1.
“We would like to apologize,” Spock said, his lips brushing Jim’s temple.
“We’re idiots, Jim.” Bones took his hand off Jim’s mouth.
Jim made a sound between a laugh and a sob. “I hate you guys,” he said, his voice unsteady.
Spock closed his eyes and a flash of pain crossed his face.
“Spock,” Jim whispered. “I’m kidding.”
He leaned up to catch Spock’s lips in a kiss, then turned to Bones and did the same.
Then Bones looked across Jim at Spock and reached over to pull him close for a swift, soft kiss.
Jim smiled through his tears.

2.
“There’s something else we should tell you,” said Bones, pressing a kiss into his hair.
“What’s that?”
“Admiral Barnett may kind of know about… us.”
Jim lifted his head slightly and raised an eyebrow. “Well, the entire crew of the Enterprise is gonna know a lot more about us if you guys don’t close the door.”
Bones scrambled for the door, and pulled the control panel open. There was a spark and the door slid shut. “Oops.” He looked at them, apologetic. “We may be in here for a while.”
Jim smiled and dropped his head back. “Fine by me.”

3.
They lay on either side of him, holding him tightly, trailing kisses across his cheeks and down his jaw, whispering in his ears words like want you and need you and love you and stay. And Jim felt like he might explode or implode or burn up or something and he closed his eyes and wondered if he was worthy of this love, if he was worth the pain that had so far come with it. And as the thought formed, shrouded in hope and doubt, he felt echoing through his mind two voices, two thoughts, that answered “you are.”

4.
They moved easily, as though it had already been decided that Spock would slip Jim’s shirt over his head, that Bones would pull off Jim’s boots and tug his trousers down. As though they had always known that Bones would wrap a hand around Jim, gently at first, and that Spock would slide a long finger into Jim’s mouth, moaning at the sensation of Jim’s warm tongue on his skin. Jim felt their choreography play across his skin, as Bones stroked him faster, and as Spock slid a finger into him, bringing him to a trembling, gasping climax between them.

5.
As Jim arched his back and cried out, Bones felt a wave of blinding pleasure surge through him, and he saw Spock shudder with his own release.
Their eyes met.
“Spock, I… I felt that.”
“As did I.”
“How is that possible?”
“The bond that Vulcans share with their mates… perhaps its effect has extended from Jim to you, joining the three of us together.”
“I guess I have too much love for just one person,” Jim said, and he was only half-joking, and Bones buried his face in Jim’s neck, because he had always known this to be true.

6.
Jim pulled Bones’ shirt off roughly and kissed him hard, a crash of teeth and tongues. There was a desperation to it, desire clashing with a reminder of anger and pain. Jim pushed Bones facedown onto the mattress and paused, his cock brushing against Bones’ entrance. Bones shuddered beneath him, waiting for Jim to take what he wanted.
“Jim… please.” His voice was raw with need.
Jim gripped his waist.
“Tell me you won’t leave me.”
“Never.” Jim pressed closer.
“Tell me you won’t make me choose.”
“I swear.”
Jim thrust into him, sealing the promise with pleasure and pain.

7.
Bones came with a harsh cry and Jim collapsed beside him, holding him tightly and whispering that he was sorry. Jim’s kisses were forgiveness and apology and gratitude and velvet comfort on his skin.

Bones relaxed into Jim’s arms, so familiar, yet different now, as it would always be. As the sweat cooled on his skin, he shivered, and Spock was there to press against him, to let the heat of his body flow through them. And Bones found comfort in the thought that Jim would always have this, that they had this, that they would be okay after all.

8.
Spock had asked for nothing, and Jim wanted to give him everything.

“Spock.” Jim cupped his hands around Spock’s face, pulling him close, kissing his forehead, his cheekbones, mouthing at his jawline. “Spock, Spock.” He repeated his name over and over, pressing his lips against Spock’s neck, against his throat and chest and stomach and thighs. He ran his tongue along sensitive skin, tasting heat, teasing.

When he finally took Spock into his mouth, he did so hungrily, as though it were the first time, his heart racing and skin flushed, giddy with the power to make Spock come undone.

9.
Bones sprawled on his side, watching idly as Jim wrapped his lips around Spock. He traced Spock’s ear with a fingertip, smirking as Spock inhaled sharply and jerked his hips, pressing himself farther into Jim's mouth.

Spock was squeezing his eyes shut, one hand on the back of Jim's head, thrusting now with abandon. He panted Jim's name, and then "Bones," pleading, and Bones leaned closer and flicked his tongue across the tip of Spock's ear. Then Spock came with an animal cry, tensing, pulsing into Jim's mouth for a long moment and falling back, spent and exhausted and shy.

10.
Bones climbed off the bed.
“Hey. Where are you going?”
“To take a shower.”
“I thought you promised never to leave me.”
Bones rolled his eyes. “Jim, please tell me I can leave you long enough to take a shower.”
Jim scrambled off the bed, pulling Spock with him. “Yeah, okay. Just... not today. Not yet.”

Scotty’s voice crackled over the intercom. “Captain. I’ve got a warning light here tellin’ me your door lock has malfunctioned. Want me to fix that?”
Jim smiled as he dragged Spock into the shower. “Thanks Scotty, but… I think it can wait until tomorrow.”