Jessa Meets Her Match
by BPClavel

Jessa Meets Her Match: Ch. 12, Outward Bound

“Mmm, coffee,” Nick said, momentarily interrupting our ardent tongue kissing.

I laughed. I wasn’t about to climb off. I’d had my caffeine fix. His could wait.

After some scrumptious morning intimacy, we showered together. While Nick soaped my breasts with his large but still a bit too gentle hands, I glanced around, admiring the luxurious, roomy bathroom. His hands moving down to between my legs caused me to spin around to ensure that he would end up similarly clean.

A short time later, Officer Truman, or Clay, as he suggested I call him, delivered breakfast. At Nick’s suggestion, I had dressed so that he could come in. That had been a surprise. Hadn’t Nick been attempting to show him my naked body the prior evening?

The three of us ate together, again on the porch rather than around the table. Clay still wasn’t asking about why I had been naked the day before in Hammonton. I was curious about that. Blushing, I decided to ask.

“Nick told me that topic was off limits,” he explained. “You can tell me, if you like, but I’m not asking.”

I looked up and my eyes met Nick’s. I could tell he was wondering how I was going to handle the situation.

“Just a very unusual set of circumstances,” I replied, my tone as serious as I could manage.

He nodded. It was a non-answer, but it was all I had. I still couldn’t imagine revealing the truth, and I couldn’t think of a lie that I might be able to sell. I kept hoping that something would come to me, but I wasn’t expecting it to. There was simply no reason why a girl would strip off to enmesh herself in a police action – especially one involving gunfire – other than a ghost. I was starting to think that – due to all the evidence – I might be able to come clean. And yet – possibly for selfish reasons – I wasn’t ready to share Catherine with the world.

Quickly concluding that my own life was too awkward to talk about, I turned the tables on Clay and started grilling him about his background.

Like Nick, he’d always lived in Vermont. Maybe that wasn’t so strange, but it differed markedly from my experience. If I counted my summers in Vermont, I’d lived in four states. Clay had also gotten divorced, but he was remarried. His life was complicated in that he was attempting to be an involved father to three children – two from his present marriage and an older daughter who lived in New Hampshire with his first wife.

I tried to lose myself in his story, but most of what he was saying went in one ear and out the other. But even though my mind kept drifting, the night in the hotel had served its purpose. I felt rejuvenated. Not only that, but I was happy. Finally, my relationship with Nick seemed to be headed in a positive direction. But even so, that didn’t mean that I was ready to leave and face life on the outside. I wasn’t. Unfortunately, that was the plan.

Not having any idea of what I should do, I decided to trust Nick. He seemed to have a plan. It involved going to the police station.

To evade the paparazzi, he was going to travel alone, driving the police cruiser. I’d follow with Officer Truman. Riding in his personal car and wearing our civilian garb, we’d (hopefully) fly under the radar. And it worked perfectly. As we approached the police station, I saw the media camped out in front. Officer Truman and I slipped in the back, via the city hall entrance.

The atmosphere inside the station was completely different than the other times I had been there. In the first place, there were three or four times as many people present, uniformed officers as well as those in civilian clothing. Some work seemed to be taking place, but the vibe was that of an office party. Much to my consternation, it was quickly obvious that I was the guest of honor.

“What the heck?” I demanded of Nick, pulling him aside.

“Everyone wanted to meet you. I couldn’t very well…”

“Yes you could! I can’t take this. You’re protecting me from the media, but then you do this to me?”

Just then, a large shipment of donuts arrived. I recognized the name on the boxes: Damon’s Donuts.

“Oh, Nick. This is so cliché. Cops and donuts,” I remarked as everyone swarmed the delivery person. There was coffee as well – of course there was.

“Not for us. Well … for us … but mostly for Catherine,” he said. “I ordered her favorites.”

I rolled my eyes. I’d heard it all before. “I suppose you’re wondering if she’s here.”

“Is she?”

“Should I get naked? So we’ll know?” I asked, raising my eyebrows and whispering so that I wouldn’t be overheard.

He didn’t say anything, but his eyes grew wide. He glanced around. He was a terrible actor.

“You didn’t actually think…?” I asked, leaving my sentence hanging.

“What? Me?”

“Yes, you. Don’t act all innocent.” I was dumbfounded. Had he actually thought that I might do that? Undress right there in the police station?

“I need the restroom,” I said, excusing myself.

Fortunately, the ladies restroom was a one-person affair. I locked the door. After relieving myself – I really did need to go – I stripped off.

My eyes met Catherine’s. She was leaning against the wall, smiling supportively. “You’re doing fine,” she said. “Don’t let it get to you. Nick loves you and he’s a good guy. Trust him.”

“I’m not so sure. And what makes you think he loves me. He hasn’t said so.”

“He doesn’t need to. I see it in his eyes.”

I considered that, wondering if she was right. His divorce had been painful. His guard was surely still up. Indeed, I was similarly cautious. The ‘L’ word for me – it was problematic. And not just in regards to my mother.

“And he got me donuts!”

“Oh, Cathers! Please don’t tell me that you can be bought!”

“Give me a break. I saw the look in your eye when he called you, Muffin. Initially, you looked angry, but then…”

“I don’t want a nickname, certainly not ‘Muffin.’”

“I think you…”

“Do not!”

“Whatever. But you looked so happy in his arms. And it wasn’t just the sex. I’m sure that was good, probably great. But that’s not why you’re happy or why he’s in love. And you’re in love too. And now you’re upset … because he ordered donuts?”

I started laughing. She was funny. And he probably had ordered the donuts for her. Not to buy her affection – because he thought they’d make her happy. There certainly weren’t any muffins there. I’d already checked.

Just then, there was a knock on the door. “Just me. Are you alright?” It was Nick.

I let out a sigh, nodding to myself. I needed him. With him, I could face the future. Alone? I didn’t even want to think about that.

I unlocked the door, peeking out through a narrow crack. No one was with him. Staying hidden behind the door, I pulled him inside.

“Oh, good. She is here,” he said, sizing up the situation.

“She is,” I confirmed.

“Hi Cathers,” he said, looking almost in the right direction.

“Back at you, buddy,” she replied.

“I put two plates, and coffee, in the conference room. You can go and enjoy them. If you’d rather … I’ll bring them in here.”

“I’m not eating donuts in the bathroom. That’s just plain weird.”

We both started laughing. Actually, all three of us were laughing.

A short time later, after putting my clothes back on, I slipped into the conference room – the same one where I’d first attempted to talk Nick into helping me find my great aunt’s killer. I closed the door and locked it.

As promised, there were donuts – two plates. Each held the expected three donuts: one with chocolate glaze and sprinkles, an apple fritter, and a traditional New England maple donut.

“Your favorites,” I said, doing my best to be happy. I couldn’t see her, but I knew she was there.

I sat with my back to the glass that faced back into the offices. As far as everyone knew, I was alone. I imagined that it looked as if I was expecting someone, given that there were two plates.

I picked up the apple fritter and bit into it. Damon’s Donuts – they were good.

As I took a second bite, I pulled out my phone and started fiddling with it – to look busy as much as anything. I avoided the news sites. I didn’t need to see more articles about the ‘Naked Policewoman.’

I heard someone try the door knob, but I didn’t look. Keeping people out – that was why I had locked the door. A moment later, Nick entered, extracting his key from the knob before closing it behind him.

“Umm…” he said. He had a troubled look on his face.

I waited, but he didn’t continue. “Spill,” I said. Something was amiss.

“The donuts. That’s not really why we’re here.”

I felt a tightening in my stomach. How many times was I going to have to learn that I couldn’t trust Nick?

“I’m sorry, but I had no choice.”

“Nick?” I asked, standing up and glaring at him. I knew it had to be bad if he was apologizing first.

“The Chief has questions … legitimate questions. He needs to talk to you. He’ll be here at ten-thirty.”

“Not happening.”

“You have to. Like I said, legitimate questions. You don’t have a choice. I don’t have a choice.”

“I’ll take the fifth.” Nick still didn’t know how obstinate I could be?

“Jessa, you’re not being charged with anything. Just answer his questions.”

“Nick, you’re not listening to me. I don’t want to spend time in jail, but… Let me put it this way. No more games of naked Rock, Paper, Scissors. Certainly not with the Chief of Police. You put me in a room with him, I’m taking the fifth. I end up in jail, so be it.”

“Jessa, that’s not reasonable.”

“It’s not? Taking the fifth isn’t reasonable? Doesn’t it exist so that persons, such as myself, can’t be forced to provide self-incriminating information?”

“You’ll be fine. Just tell the truth.”

I glared at him. “Okay, here’s the truth. I’m going to exercise my right to remain silent. End of story.”

“Jessa…” he pleaded.

“Nick, why do you keep doing this to me? I trust you. You betray me.”

“So, are you asking me to decide between my career and you?”

I turned away from him. After a few more awkward moments, I said, “Starting now, I’m taking the fifth. How do I contact a lawyer? And … by the way … I don’t want you telling them anything either.”

Nick didn’t respond. I could feel his eyes boring into my back. The uncomfortable silence in the room went on and on, but I had made up my mind.

“Okay, Jessa. I guess you give me no choice. I’m not sure what will come of this, but I choose you.”

His words surprised me. What did they mean? I kept my back to him. A moment later, I heard the door open and close. Glancing back, I saw that he had gone. I was again alone in the room, just me, my unseen ghost friend, and our donuts. I sat down and took a big bite of the glazed one, the one with pastel sprinkles. I had no idea what Nick was going to do, but I was taking the fifth. And if Nick thought I wouldn’t, then he was about to learn a lesson that my mother had learned long ago. I could be a stubborn bitch if I wanted to be.

Ten or fifteen minutes later, I heard a tapping on the glass. Looking over my shoulder, I caught a glimpse of red hair. I was Nick’s friend, Kim. She pointed to the door.

I got up to let her in.

“If it’s not Jessica without the ick,” she said, slipping quickly inside and closing the door behind her. “You and Cathers sure kicked some butt yesterday.”

I frowned. “So, what did Nick tell you?”

“Don’t worry. We’re getting you out of here. But we don’t have much time. Nick says you have to be gone by ten. He’s asked me to help.”

“Oh, thank you, Kim,” I said, emotions bubbling up within me.

“Don’t thank me,” she said, reaching for me, giving me a hug. We didn’t know each other all that well, but she seemed to understand. And she knew about Cathers.

“God, I’m proud of you,” she said. “That took guts, real guts, but you pulled it off! You and Cathers. What a team!”

I broke down in tears. So much stress, and I felt like such a freak. But it was nice to be reminded that maybe what we’d done made sense – on some level – at least for those in the know.

“Cathers?” she asked, pointing at the second plate of donuts.

I nodded.

“But you can’t see her, right?”

“Not without…” I said, grabbing my shirt and gesturing up as if I were going to take it off.

She smiled. “I’m so jealous of you.”

I almost spit coffee. “You are?” I’d never heard anything so ludicrous.

We talked for a bit and Kim filled me in on the plan. “Among all the talk about not wanting to be questioned, Nick tells me that you’d like to visit Officer Bixler, so we’ll do that. He’s in the county hospital. About a forty minute drive.”

“But…” I said, walking over to the window and peeking out, “…the media. They’ll follow.”

It appeared as if word had gotten out that I was inside. And it wasn’t just the media. For every reporter, there seemed to be ten or twenty curious onlookers. The police station looked to be surrounded.

“That’s where Lainey comes in,” said Kim, pointing toward the offices. I turned and looked. Kim was indicating a blonde police officer. “She’s going to trade places with you.”

I looked the woman up and down. Noticing me, she lifted a hand in greeting.

“She doesn’t look at all like me,” I observed.

“Close enough. She’s blonde.”

“But…”

“We’ll make it work. Dressed, no one knows what you look like.”

She probably hadn’t intended to knock the wind out of me, but that’s exactly what her words did. I couldn’t get the next breath – not for the longest time. I was the Naked Policewoman. Bulletproof Breasts – all that. Yes, life as I knew it was over.

A minute later, Lainey was in the room. ‘Officer L. Morgan,’ her badge read. She and Kim started tag-teaming through an explanation of the plan. The problem was, I had a hard time following the details because it all hinged on the premise that she and I looked enough alike to fool people. That seemed to be a major flaw. Lainey was blonde and about my height – the resemblance ended there.

She was going to put on civilian clothes, and then she and Nick were going to run out and race off in his car, drawing the media away.

Moments later, Kim and I, both dressed in officer’s uniforms, were going to slip out and get in a different police cruiser for the drive to the hospital. What could go wrong?

Being glad that I had Kim on my side, we went to a different office – one without all the interior windows. There, Lainey undressed and I tried on her uniform. As my underwear stayed on, Cathers never came into view.

Lainey’s uniform was loose on me, but it didn’t swallow me as Nick’s shirt had. I liked that there was an officer’s cap for me. With Kim and Lainey’s help, I got my hair up in a bun. The biggest issue seemed to be shoes. The closest thing I had to what the officers were wearing was a pair of leather sandals. They were open-toed, but it helped that they were brown. I’d painted my toenails recently, but fortunately I’d gone with a clear polish.

I’d just gotten it on, when the door opened and Nick slipped in. I’d been so mad at him, but that had changed. Suddenly, I was getting my way.

“Thanks, Nick,” I said, taking his hand and giving it a squeeze.

A faint smile appeared on his lips, but there was concern in his eyes. “I’m not sure how this plays out, but it’s fine. I love you.”

Taken aback, I blinked, looking over at Kim. Had Nick just said that he loved me – in front of Kim and Lainey? He’d said it quietly, but they’d surely heard.

I rose up on my tiptoes and kissed his cheek. My feelings for him were deep, but I wasn’t ready to reciprocate, not after what had just happened. But even so, a warm feeling spread throughout my body. Not only had he said he loved me, he was suddenly behaving as if he did. “Thank you,” I said. It probably sounded a bit hollow, but it came from the heart. A moment later, he and Lainey left to implement step one of the plan. Kim and I stayed behind, peering out the window to see how the media would react.

Well, to my surprise, it worked just as they had hoped – which bothered me. It reinforced the assertion that everyone knew what I looked like – naked – not clothed. Apparently, Lainey’s blonde hair had been enough.

I was also surprised that none of the other officers said anything as Kim and I were leaving ¬– not about how I should be staying until the Chief returned. I decided that maybe they hadn’t known that I was supposed to be questioned. But anyway, we got away, and that was what mattered.

“Nick’s in love with you,” Kim said once we had cleared the city limits.

I shrugged. “That’s what he said.”

Kim looked over at me, curiosity in her eyes. Fortunately, she seemed to sense that it wasn’t something I was comfortable talking about.

We ended up with a leisurely drive up to the hospital. Truth be told, it was almost like an out-of-body experience for me. Not only had Nick picked a most unusual moment to inform me that he loved me, but here I was, dressed in Officer Morgan’s uniform and in a police car, just as if I were actually a police officer. Kim was now also a civilian. We were both impersonating police officers – but with permission, I suppose.

Along the way, we dropped our guard, laughing and enjoying ourselves. But arriving at the hospital, we slipped back into our roles. Kim was quite good. She played her role to a T. I followed along, doing my best to match her mannerisms and expressions, all the while hoping that no one looked down at my feet. We were admitted via a back entrance and led to what seemed to be a service elevator, taking it to the fourth floor.

Bixler appeared to be asleep when we looked in on him from the hallway. While Kim conferred with a nurse, I slipped off my officer’s cap, tucking it under an arm, and approached the bed.

As it was just Bix and me, I sat down next to him. He had an IV and God knows what else attached to an arm. He was connected to one of those machines. It was busy monitoring his vital functions. He was wearing a hospital gown, but it was mostly hidden underneath a light blanket.

I just sat there, listening to him breathe. A moment later, a nurse came in – a routine check of some sort. Bixler woke up, noticing me almost immediately. Neither of us said anything while the nurse was in the room.

When it was again just the two of us, he lifted up an arm, the one that wasn’t connected to the monitor. I reached for his hand, giving it a gentle squeeze.

“You’re looking good,” I said. It wasn’t exactly true, but I’d never been good at making small talk.

“So, now you’re Officer Morgan,” he said with a sly smile.

I laughed. “Not my choice,” I said, tossing the cap onto a small table next to me. “But I’m glad for the help. Without it, I doubt I’d have been able to come in and say ‘hi.’”

We were both quiet for a time. It seemed fine to just sit. I thought about asking him questions, getting to know him a little, just as I’d done with Officer Truman at breakfast.

“I know you don’t want to,” he said. “But why not just tell everyone what you told me? That there’s a ghost. That she directed the raid. That you have to be naked to communicate with her.”

I nodded. I’d been giving that some thought – at least until Nick had brought up the Chief of Police’s interest in questioning me.

“I think people would believe you.”

I laughed. “Not everyone. Just the crazies.”

“I don’t know about that. With Nick and I backing you up. The body cam evidence.”

“I’ll think about it. You do realize you’re different. You were there. You saw it firsthand … rather convincing that way, I’m sure. Mostly, I’d rather just disappear back into obscurity.”

“From what I’m hearing, I’m not sure that’s going to be possible. Maybe with a name change and some plastic surgery.”

“Something I’ve been thinking about as well.”

He nodded. There was a great deal of compassion in his eyes. “Is she here?” he asked.

I shrugged. “Probably.”

Again he nodded.

“Do you have kids?” I asked, deciding to change the subject.

“A boy and a girl, both grown. About your age, roughly speaking.”

“It’s a tough choice,” I said, reverting back to what we had been talking about. “The world will know me as the crazy but brave woman who gets off on running naked into gunfire. Or, I can choose to be the woman who says she talks to ghosts. Truth be told, I don’t want to be either of those. I’m glad that we caught the guy, but I just want to be me… I mean the person I was before.”

I started to explain my reluctance to share Catherine with the world, but decided not to. That was an emotional response to my unique situation. Surely no one else would understand, and I wasn’t willing to enter into a debate about it. I hadn’t even asked Cathers for her opinion. It seemed selfish, but it really wasn’t. It was up to me. It was my life – mine to live. As sad as it was, Catherine’s life was over.

Bix and I talked a while longer, but there was clearly no simple solution. Changing my name and appearance seemed to be a viable option, and yet I was attached to my name. I couldn’t imagine leaving ‘Jessa’ behind. Jessica, but without the ‘ick’ – that was me.

After wishing Bixler a speedy recovery and saying goodbye, Kim led me down the hall to meet Officer Erin Guererro, the woman who had been shot earlier that same morning. I hoped to make it a brief visit. After all, what was there to say?

Like Bixler, she was in a hospital bed, all hooked up to an IV and monitors. She looked me up and down as I walked in. Her eyes went straight to my sandals. “If it isn’t the Naked Policewoman,” she said. “But today, it’s just your toes.”

I looked down, but then tried to redirect the conversation to her health and my wishes for her quick and complete recovery.

She was having none of it. “I think I’ve got you figured out,” she said, interrupting me.

“Oh, awesome,” I said, thinking this might end up being entertaining. “What exactly have you figured out?”

“At first, I thought you had to be on drugs. We see a lot of that in this line of work. People get high, they get naked, and then, occasionally, they go on adventures.”

“Go on,” I encouraged.

“We pick ‘em up and take ‘em in. They talk. Sometimes they talk up a storm, but they’re rarely coherent. They certainly wouldn’t be able to lead a raid, certainly not an effective one.”

“Probably not,” I said with an indifferent shrug.

“So then, I decided that you were someone with a strange relationship with your sexuality. A pervert, a nudist, an exhibitionist … something along those lines.”

I sat there. She was still looking me up and down. She seemed to be drawing things out – hoping I’d offer a confession, or possibly just provide her with more data to consider. I decided to wait her out.

“But then I thought of a book that I read long ago,” she continued. “The Art of War, by Sun Tzu. Ever heard of it?”

“Actually, I have.”

“I’m not surprised,” she said, extending her arm toward a mobile phone on a side table.

She couldn’t quite reach it, so I walked around the bed to retrieve it for her. A moment later, she’d found what she was looking for.

She started reading aloud. “In conflict, direct confrontation will lead to engagement and surprise will lead to victory. Those who are skilled in producing surprises will win.”

She looked up at me as if trying to gauge my reaction. I shrugged, and she returned her eyes to her phone.

“Mystify, mislead, and surprise the enemy.” She again paused to study me.

I gave her no satisfaction, purposefully maintaining a bored, indifferent look on my face.

Again she read, “The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.”

“So, is that you?” she asked. “Did you strip, imagining that the gunman would be so surprised that Officers Bixler and Harris would be able to tackle him before he knew what was happening?”

I just sat there, staring unblinkingly into her eyes. She was looking for a reaction, and I wasn’t going to give it to her.

At long last, she smiled. “You’re a smart one, that’s for sure.”

“Why do you say that?”

“You’re playing me … just like you played everyone yesterday.”

“How so? I’m still dressed.”

“But dressed as a police officer.”

I shrugged as she returned her attention to her phone. “To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.” Looking up, she continued. “So, this man … this alleged serial killer … is he the enemy? Or the police … are we your enemy?”

“Well, it was nice meeting you,” I said as I started backing out of the room. “And again, I wish you a most speedy recovery. A long and healthy life … all that. No ongoing issues from your injury.”

I didn’t want to add any data to support her hypothesis, but neither did I want to act as if I was trying to dispel her theories. I could not believe that she might have me pegged as someone who might possibly be an anti-police activist. That seemed like quite a stretch. Hadn’t my actions proved otherwise? As I exited the room, I put the cap back on my head.

Chuckling to myself, I wandered down the hall, holding my head up and my shoulders back in an attempt to look a bit more like an actual officer of the law. I found Nick and Kim in a small waiting lounge near the elevators.

“We’ve got something to propose,” Nick said.

I smiled, a thought flashing through my mind. After telling me he loved me in front of others, was he now going to propose with Kim listening?

I knew that wasn’t what this was about, so I nodded. “I’m all ears. But I’m still planning to take the fifth.”

Nick laughed. “My plan as well.”

I smiled, trying to convey to him that doing so would make me happy. “And you were saying…” I said, trying to get the conversation back on track.

He smiled. “Right. Kim is inviting you to spend a few days with her. At her cabin.”

I glanced over. “It would be just the two of us during the day,” she said.

“Or the three of you,” Nick interjected. “Because you wouldn’t have to be dressed. And if only the three of us know… Well, the three of us plus Brent, then the media will have no idea where you are. The Chief of Police either, for that matter.”

“Hmm,” I said, giving the idea some thought. It was much better than anything I’d come up with.

Kim continued, “Brent will be there in the evening. And Nick is welcome … provided he can slip away without being followed.”

“I’m game,” I said. Laying low for a bit seemed like the best strategy.

Initially, I hadn’t liked Kim. Of course, I hadn’t. She’d been in on the ambush. But since then, she’d been growing on me. Taking a pay cut to work for a charity was very commendable. And, more than anything, I liked the idea of being able to spend time with Cathers. Kim and Brent’s cabin sounded ideal for that.

I kissed Nick goodbye, a passionate kiss. I wasn’t ready to tell him that I’d fallen in love with him, so instead I whispered into his ear that I’d love it if he was able to join us that evening. I gave his package an affectionate squeeze so there could be no doubt about what might be in it for him.

A short time later, Kim and I were headed north in the police cruiser. We’d transferred my suitcase into her trunk. As we drove, she explained the process we’d have to go through to change back into civilian clothes and pick up her Jeep in exchange for the borrowed police car. Trusting that she had it all in hand, I didn’t pay much attention to the details. She also informed me that there were a few errands that she needed to take care of before we disappeared into the hills.

“Do what you need to,” I said. “I’ll wait in the car.”

On the next leg of our journey, Kim was driving the speed limit – exactly the speed limit. I watched as cars came up behind us as if intending to pass. Upon recognizing the police car, they would slow and merge in behind us. I found it humorous. It was something I’d done.

I’d forgotten that Kim’s husband Brent owned a print shop until we were parking in front of one. Leaving me sitting in the car, Kim went inside to make sure the coast was clear. Less than a minute later, she was back for me. Brent was alone in the office. He had a press operator in back, running a job, and his inside salesperson was at lunch.

Kim left me there to change while she went to the local police station to drop off the car.

In a small restroom that doubled as a storage closet, I took off Lainey’s uniform. Catherine was there. We spent a few minutes catching up, mostly talking about Officer Guerrero’s various Sun Tzu related theories. The bathroom wasn’t such a nice place to hang out – for either of us – so I dressed and went looking for Brent.

He gave me a box to put the uniform in and then let me hide in his office while I waited for Kim to return. I thought about again stripping off so I’d have someone to talk to. I knew Brent would understand if he found me naked, but I decided not to, hoping that the wait wouldn’t be very long.

A short time later, Kim and I were in the Jeep. I’d borrowed a baseball hat from Brent, thinking that it altered my appearance a little.

“First stop, the Sinclair household,” Kim said.

“I’ll wait in the Jeep.”

“I want to introduce you.”

“How about, not,” I said. Meeting people made no sense. I was in the middle of disappearing. Kim knew that.

“Just to the kids,” she explained. “Madeline and little Ollie. They are so cute.”

“I’m sure they are adorable,” I said, trying to talk her out of it.

She insisted, finally leveling with me. Madeline was almost five and Ollie had just turned two. Their father had been killed in the line of duty – during what had started off as a routine traffic stop. That had happened shortly after Oliver had been born. Kim’s charity, Heroes Everlasting, was in the process of establishing college trust funds for the two of them.

They lived with their mother in one half of a modest duplex on the outskirts of town. They had moved there as part of their mother’s efforts to make ends meet after their father had been killed.

Kim went to the door while I waited in the Jeep. The door opened, and I watched as Kim spent a few minutes speaking with a woman. She then turned and waved to me. I didn’t want to get out of the Jeep, but I decided to. Kim had been helping me all day.

A few minutes later, we were seated on a couch in a tiny living room. Kim had introduced me to the mother. She’d brought us glasses and a jug of ice water, but then had taken a call. She had a position as a remote answering service for a downtown law office. As Kim explained it, the money wasn’t great, but it allowed her to be home with her children.

The little girl, Madeline, had a coloring book open on the coffee table. She was quite absorbed in her effort to turn a butterfly solid orange.

Ollie, on the other hand, was a handful. He was wearing a blue shirt and a diaper, nothing more. He had a toy truck in his hand and wanted nothing more than to climb into my lap. Finally, I allowed him up, but no sooner was I holding him, than he was squirming, trying to get back down. As soon as his feet hit the floor, he wanted up onto Kim’s lap.

I quickly figured out that Kim was neither dropping anything off, nor were we picking anything up. “I just wanted you to meet them,” she finally confessed.

I nodded, but I didn’t press the issue. They seemed like a close-knit, small family. It was beyond sad that these kids were destined to grow up without their father. Possibly neither of them would remember him.

A short time later, we were again in the Jeep. “Where to now?” I asked.

“Just one more stop. Allie, she’s seventeen.”

“And also lost her father or mother,” I said.

“I’m afraid so.”

“Kim, I get it. These kids … so fucking sad. I love everything about your charity, but don’t do this to me. This summer has been hard enough. I’ve never rubbed elbows with so much death.”

“Humor me. Just the one last stop. Allie is expecting us.”

I sucked in a breath. “I really don’t want to,” I said, but I could tell that Kim was not to be deterred.

A short time later, we were parked in front of a strip mall. Kim got out. I watched as she entered a small flower shop.

A minute later, she re-emerged, a lanky redhead following close behind. I’d told Kim that I wasn’t getting out, so she introduced me to the freckle-faced teenager, both of them standing next to the Jeep. Allie wore a floral smock over her clothes. She looked prim and proper, but there were no shoelaces in her shoes.

“So, you’re really the naked lady everyone is talking about?” she asked.

I turned to Kim and frowned. “I told you this wasn’t a good idea.”

“Allie isn’t going to say anything. She’s a good kid.”

“I’m sure she is,” I replied, imagining her telling two friends, who each told three friends, who in turn told only four friends, blowing my cover and my chance to spend time with Catherine at Kim and Brent’s cabin.

“A year from this fall, Allie will start college, at UNH, she hopes. She’ll apply early-decision this fall.”

I nodded. I’d done the same, succeeding at getting into my first choice. “What do you want to study?” I asked.

“Poetry. Maybe English Lit,” she replied in a small voice.

I wanted to suggest that she reconsider. I knew it wasn’t the best choice, not if she hoped to get a job upon graduation, but at one time, I’d declared ‘history’ as my major. Fortunately, I’d wised up – after looking at my odds of spending my life waiting tables.

“So, you work here?” I asked, turning to look at the flower shop.

“Part time,” she replied. “More hours during the summer.”

“Allie will be one of our success stories,” Kim explained once we were again driving. “She entered the program early, and we’ve been able to put together a sizeable college
fund for her. She loves flowers. I intend to keep in touch with her. Without our program, she’d probably just end up working … most likely no college in her future.”

“There’s a lot of scholarship money available … for deserving students. And student loans are an option,” I mentioned.

“I’ll grant you that,” Kim said, looking over at me. “We certainly aren’t the only game in town, and yet we do put kids through college. And Allie … we’ll put her through college.”

“I didn’t mean…” I said, regretting my words.

“No, it’s fine. And, a college degree isn’t the ticket to success it once was. But I love these kids. None of us can bring their mom or dad back. Sadly… But I want them to have the opportunities that they would have had but for…”

“Stop it,” I said, using my forearm to wipe my eyes. “I get it.” And I did. I just couldn’t take any more of what she was dishing out.

An hour later, I was again naked on her back deck, the one overlooking the small stream where Cathers had reappeared after her unexpected absence the prior Saturday night. So much had happened, and yet it hadn’t even been a week.

Kim had again made a pitcher of fresh lemonade, but she was inside talking on the phone. Cathers and I had the deck all to ourselves. It was surprisingly relaxing, especially considering all that we’d been through. Lounging around naked in the afternoon sunshine with a ghost – what could be more natural?

“Hey Ghost Girl, let’s go for a walk,” I proposed.

After talking with Kim about our options, Cathers and I started wading upstream. It was slow going, but actually getting somewhere wasn’t at all the point.

It was surprising, but delightful, that providence was allowing us to still be together. I was committed to enjoying myself, however much time we had.

A few hours later, Brent was home. My nudity had again gotten awkward, but I was bound and determined to have as much time with Catherine as possible, I pulled Kim aside to make sure she was okay with it, reminding her that she and Nick had suggested the cabin because I’d be able to be naked.

“Absolutely,” she said. “But just maybe I’ll have to give you a little competition. I can’t have my husband looking only at you.”

With that she removed her top. Her breasts were at least a full-cup larger than mine, beautifully round and milky white. Her areolas were several times the diameter of mine, as big as I’d ever seen – and I’d certainly seen my share of breasts.

A minute later, she and Brent were in the kitchen preparing dinner while Catherine and I hung out on the bar stools. I tried to imagine what an outside observer might think of the scene, two naked blondes, one topless redhead, and a fully-clothed Brent.

“Enjoying yourself, honey?” Kim asked, studying him.

He shrugged. “Wondering why you’re not naked.”

Kim scowled at him, but she reached both hands behind her back. A moment later, I could tell that she was unzipping her skirt. She slid it down, stepping free of it. Her panties soon followed.

A satisfied smile appeared on Brent’s face. “So, honey, now that you’re naked, I have to ask. Can you see Catherine?”

I paid close attention to Kim’s reaction. I didn’t imagine that she’d be able to, but other than Nick, I’d never seen anyone else naked in Catherine’s presence.

“Where is she?” Kim asked, looking at me.

“Next to me,” I replied, pointing to the barstool to my left with my thumb.

Kim walked around the bar, passing behind us. I saw her studying the stool.

“Damn,” she said. “I sure wish I could. But nothing, not even a shadow.”

I nodded. I hadn’t thought that she might see her, but I liked her answer. I could tell she believed that Catherine was really there. I felt good about that.

I had a great view of Kim’s nude form, bright red racing stripe and all. “You know, I was a lesbian in college,” I said, eyeing her.

“Don’t be getting any ideas,” she said, again walking behind me to return to the kitchen.

“You know how much I’ve wanted to see you with another woman,” Brent said.

“You either,” Kim said, a finger pointing between his eyes. “Nudity is one thing. Lesbian sex … we’re not going there, right Jessa?” She glanced at me hopefully.

I smiled at her. “Right,” I said with a wink. “That was in college. There’s nothing quite like making love to a woman, but the past is the past.”

Brent laughed.

Kim’s eyes were wide open, her eyebrows up. “That does it. I’m putting my skirt back on,” she threatened, but she made no move to do so.

I shared a glance with Brent. He looked to be enjoying watching Kim squirm as much as I.

“Got anything to put in this lemonade?” I asked him.

He smiled and showed me the liquor cabinet. “Pick your poison.”

Less than an hour later, the four of us were seated around the table on the back deck. Brent was still the only one wearing anything. Even though it was a glass table, we each had a plate in front of us, limiting the extent of our exposure somewhat. I’d finished my hard lemonade and had been enjoying a glass of wine with dinner.

I was amazed at just how comfortable I’d gotten with being naked – at least when I was with people I knew – people who could appreciate why I was naked. Oddly enough, it seemed to put me further at ease that Kim was also nude. But I could tell that it wasn’t having the same effect on her. Her mannerisms made it obvious that she was having trouble relaxing.

Just as we were finishing our meal, Nick came around the corner of the cabin. I saw Kim startle and then stiffen. Both Brent and I placed hands on her forearms, trying to reassure her as well as to keep her from running off – at least that was part of my motivation. Even so, she started to get up.

As if realizing that Nick would see more if she did, she relaxed back into her seat, her thighs pressed tightly together.

“You’re early,” she said, unfolding her napkin and situating it strategically on her lap. With it in position, she reached across, grasping a shoulder with her opposite hand such that her arm hung over her chest.

“Yep,” Nick replied, walking toward the table. He started to take the seat next to me.

“Not here … Cathers,” I said. “Pull up another chair.”

“I’ll move,” Catherine volunteered, starting to get up.

I didn’t let her, and Nick brought a fifth chair to the table, sitting down between Catherine and Brent.

“Did you have dinner?” Kim asked.

“Nope.”

Looking over at Brent hopefully, Kim asked, “Honey, will you get Nick a place setting?”

Brent eyed Kim, a broad grin on his lips. “I’d much rather watch you take care of that. I expect Nick would as well.”

“I’m not going anywhere,” she said, adjusting the napkin on her lap with her one free hand.

“You’ll have to get up eventually,” he remarked.

“Fine,” she said, sliding her chair back. As keeping the napkin positioned in front of her pelvic area was apparently her priority, she shifted the arm that had been hiding her breasts down.

With fingers holding each of the upper corners of the napkin against her hips, she stood up carefully. A moment later, she started side-stepping around the table. The scissoring of her legs in that position would have been quite lewd had the thin paper layer not been concealing her crotch from view.

To mess with her, I shot out my hand, reaching for it. It hadn’t been my intention to take it from her, but even so, she spooked. The napkin fluttered to the deck as she ran squealing to the back door.

Nick and Brent started hooting. “Well, look at that! The carpet matches the curtains,” Nick exclaimed.

“It most certainly does,” Brent replied, a smug smile on his face.

A short time later, Kim was back. She was still topless, but she’d put her skirt back on. She glared at me. “I’m going to get you for that.”

“I didn’t do anything and I wasn’t going to. Honest.”

She scowled. “Yeah, sure.”

But even though Kim didn’t believe me, the guys were acting quite happy with how things were working out. Kim had chosen to remain topless, and not only that, but she was no longer making any effort to conceal her chest from view. Looking at her, I imagined that she was proud of her breasts. But there was no reason for her not to be; she had an attractive figure.

As she was dishing up a plate for him, Nick started talking about something he’d just heard on the radio. “There’s been a nationwide run on candy necklaces. They are sold out across the country. Going for ridiculous amounts on eBay.”

Kim started asking him questions, but that was the extent of what he knew.

“I guess you just made for a record month for some candy company,” she observed, looking at me.

“Hardly my intent,” I said, reaching up to my neck. I was wearing one.

“I wonder what the one Nick gave me is worth. The one you were wearing,” she mused.

“Put it on eBay and find out,” Brent suggested.

“Maybe I will, but the proceeds go to Heroes Everlasting, right?” she asked, again looking at me.

“Absolutely,” I agreed. I’d given it away freely – for exactly that purpose, if it proved to have some value.

It was amazing to think that people were buying and wearing candy necklaces – just because I’d happened to have one on during the raid in Hammonton. And I’d been wearing one because Catherine’s fifth grade teacher had mentioned Catherine’s candy necklaces – during an interview all the way back in 1985.

After Nick had finished eating, I helped Kim clean up while Brent and Nick made a fire.

“Honestly, I wasn’t trying to steal the napkin. It was just supposed to be funny,” I said, when we were in the kitchen.

“Took me by surprise. Nick … I can see him doing that. Wasn’t expecting it from you.”

“And you can put your top back on. Whatever makes you comfortable. I’m just enjoying being with Catherine. If it wasn’t for that, I’d be dressed.”

She looked at me, suspicion in her eyes, but then she shrugged. “I can tell that Brent is getting a charge out of it. He’s always encouraging me to dress a bit more sexy … short skirts, plunging necklines. But as a police officer, it wasn’t something that I felt I could consider. Certainly not in this community.”

I wasn’t going to argue with her. I really didn’t have an opinion about how she should dress. It just seemed cool that she was enjoying herself – and her husband’s attitude.

A short time later, the five of us were again seated around the fire at water’s edge. I was glad for the fire. It seemed to keep the mosquitos at bay. Without it, it seemed certain that we’d be inside.

Remembering what Catherine had said about running off to view their license plate as well as the lighthouse picture, I asked her if she’d like to again play that game. She declined, saying that she was content – that she was enjoying just hanging out.

“Well, Nick, how about that BJ?” I asked during a lull in the conversation.

“Somebody’s been helping Cathers with her wine again,” he replied.

I glanced over at Kim. “Oh boy. Not this,” she said. “How’s a woman supposed to compete with you?”

“It’s not a competition,” I said. “Just something that I enjoy.”

“I think I’m going to have to decline,” Nick said. I was taken aback.

Now it was Kim’s turn to laugh.

“I’m sure he thinks you’re going to again leave him high and dry,” Catherine interjected.

“Is that it?” I asked him. “Are you worried that I won’t see it through?

“Maybe. Sex with you … it’s a bit of a roller coaster.”

“Oh, do tell!” Kim encouraged.

“I’ve got a better idea,” I said. “If Nick is turning me down my affection, maybe we swap partners for the evening.”

“I’m not letting you anywhere near Brent,” Kim objected.

“Who’s talking about Brent?” I asked, looking first into her eyes, but then allowing my gaze to trail down to her splendid breasts. The pale color of her skin and her large, rose-colored areolas looked mouthwateringly lovely in the warm, flickering light of the fire.

She sucked in a breath.

“So, Kim, what do you say? You and me?” I asked in a soft tone, biting my lip. Was I actually thinking about it?

“I … I’d sure like to see that,” Brent stammered, suddenly perking up.

“I’ll bet you would,” Kim said, scowling over at him.

“I’ve got it!” I interjected. “How about this, Kim? Since we’re switching partners, let’s have the guys go first. I love watching guys give each other blowjobs. Have you ever seen that? Especially straight guys. So fun.”

Suddenly Nick was coughing, maybe choking on a mouthful of wine. “No way in hell am I doing that, giving or receiving. You’d have to force me,” he managed.

I laughed. “That’s what’s fun about it! I love making guys give other guys blowjobs. But don’t worry. It’s okay if you’re feeling reluctant. We’ll help you through it … won’t we, Kim?”

I looked over and saw that she was smiling. “Okay, I’m in,” she said. “Guys first.” Looking over at Brent, she continued, “How about you start us off, honey. I’ll give you some tips. A blowjob, an enjoyable one anyway, is not as easy as you might imagine. A bit more difficult than cunnilingus, I expect.”

Suddenly Nick and Brent had nothing to say. They both just sat there, Brent staring nervously at the ground between his feet and the fire circle. Nick, too, was looking quite uncomfortable.

“Now’s your chance, honey,” Kim said softly, speaking encouragingly to Brent. “I know this is your fantasy … to watch me lick pussy.”

He looked up at her and their eyes met. “Just how badly do you want it? That’s the question. Because I will. I’m ready. And Jessa’s pussy. It looks so inviting, doesn’t it? Imagine my face buried down between her thighs, my tongue working her over.”

Suddenly, everyone was staring between my legs. I had to fight against the temptation to clamp my knees shut.

When Brent didn’t reply, Kim continued. “Might never be another chance like this. So, guys first … and then girls. We can go inside if you don’t want to kneel in the dirt.”

Brent returned his eyes to the dirt near the fire. He had such a glum look on his face.

I raised my hand to Kim. She nodded, giving me a quiet high five. We were friends again.

Catherine was smiling. Not actually being able to participate fully, she’d been observing the exchange quietly. “So, no blowjobs?” she asked.

“I guess not,” I said. “Nick doesn’t seem to be interested in one, not from me, not from Brent.”

Nick started chuckling, shaking his head. “Pretty funny, Jessa,” he said, looking over at me.

“You’re not mad at me, are you?” I asked.

“Of course not. But I’m straight as an arrow. Not at all curious, if you know what I mean. But later, why don’t we just see what develops when we go to bed?”

“Where’s the fun in that?” I asked, and I meant it. I’d always preferred to pre-function sex – discuss it in advance, such that there were expectations and tension going in. That way, it never came out the same way twice. I’d never been a fan of the baby bear in Goldilocks and the Three Bears. ‘Just right’ didn’t do much for me.

Nick shrugged.

“For the record, my offer stands,” I told him. “If Brent won’t do you, then I will. And it will be the best blowjob ever. Take it or leave it. But it doesn’t just happen. Best if it’s arranged in advance, so decide. Tyler, my last boyfriend … he couldn’t get enough. He told one of his friends that I could suck the orange off a carrot.”

“Can you?” Kim asked.

“I don’t know. Got a carrot?”

I was hoping she wouldn’t produce one, and fortunately, she didn’t get up. I was glad about that. I didn’t really want to give a carrot a blowjob, but I knew I probably would if she went to the fridge and came back with one.

I moved my chair closer to Nick’s and took his hand in mine, giving it a squeeze. He had a happy but slightly concerned look on his face. I was again thinking about how he’d said he was in love with me – it had sounded like an offhand comment. The first time he’d ever said those words, and he’d done it with both Lainey and Kim present.

A minute later, when I thought that only Nick was looking, I licked two of my fingers and started twirling them around one of my nipples, teasing it to full erection. Not wanting Kim or Brent to catch me doing something so randy, I removed my hand, shifting it down into Nick’s lap. I gave him a quick but tender stroke. I raised my eyebrows dramatically when he looked over at me. He was rock hard. We shared a smile. The look in his eyes was precious. I had the lad eating out of my hand.

An hour later, in bed, I sucked the orange off of his carrot.

“So, how was it?” I asked afterwards while we were snuggling. Wanting to give him the experience of a lifetime, I’d pulled out all the stops.

“As represented,” he said. “Best blowjob ever.”

I smiled, knowing that he’d say that even if his ex had also been a talented, energetic cocksucker.

For a time, we lay there, no one saying anything. I was expecting that he might again bring up the L-word. I was trying to formulate my response – a completely honest response. I knew that it might be an awkward moment, but I was thinking I’d say that, ‘I needed more time. That my feelings for him were strong and deepening, but that I wasn’t quite there yet.’ To my surprise, ‘love’ didn’t come up. I decided that was for the best. He did, however, call me ‘Muffin’ a time or two. At least he hadn’t done so in front of anyone else.

A bit later, I succeeded in charming his snake back to attention. With his back against the headboard, I climbed aboard. It was one of my favorite positions – I could hug his head to my chest. “Be gentle,” I coaxed him as he opened his mouth and sucked a good portion of one of tits in. Fortunately, he’d finally learned what ‘be gentle’ meant in relation to my breasts. My nipples were getting quite attached to his lips. That time, we achieved what seemed to be nearly simultaneous orgasms. The rainbow was particularly brilliant and colorful that evening.

I might have gone another round, but I was pretty sure that Nick couldn’t. And he had to get up early the next day. I, of course, didn’t. So I relaxed, letting him fall asleep.
