Crash.

The sound of the boar's approach echoes through the rain-soaked, leafless forest.

Arthur's hand tightens on Kai's shoulder. Kai looks round; Arthur meets his eyes, indicates the direction of the sound with a flick of his head. Kai nods, blows on his chilly fingers, and hefts his spear in readiness. Arthur picks up his own spear and loosens his dagger in its sheath.

Kai's brace of boarhounds know their work well. At a signal from their master they circled away behind the quarry to flush it from the thicket where it was lying concealed, and are now driving it back towards the clearing where Arthur and Kai are waiting, lurking behind a boulder ready for the ambush.

Kai shifts his grip, feeling his pulse start to race with the familiar excitement of the hunt. It's his turn today. He must be ready. He will only have one chance to strike, and it must be swift and accurate, leaping into the path of the boar to meet it head-on and thrust the spearpoint into its chest, allowing the weight and speed of its charge to drive the blade deep into the heart with deadly force.

Hearing the hounds give tongue close by, he tenses for the leap. Not too soon, or the animal will see him and swerve; not too late, or he will have no time to strike before he is trampled underfoot. He is a skilled hunter, and this is a contest that he loves. All the same, it takes courage to face a charging boar.

Arthur glances at Kai's intent face beside him and smiles to himself with quiet pride.

Crash.

The boar breaks cover through the thorn bushes on the far side of the clearing. It's a big one, still fat from its autumn gorging on acorns and berries, its tusks gleaming and its little red eyes fixed on its escape route, unaware of the hunters' presence behind the boulder. The hounds are close on its track, yelping with excitement. Kai takes a deep breath, counts the animal's strides: one, two, three…

He leaps from behind the rock and thrusts in the spear with practised skill.

Only this time he is unlucky.

Perhaps he struck a fraction too late; or perhaps he has misjudged the animal's speed in the fading light of the winter afternoon.

His stroke has gone awry, and the spear glances off the boar's shoulderblade instead of biting deep. His arm is jarred, throwing him off balance. Arthur leaps from hiding, spear in hand, but too late; his horrified gaze sees Kai stagger, boots sliding helplessly in the greasy mud, to fall right in the path of the boar.

Crash.

The huge animal breaks through the brambles at the edge of the clearing and thunders off into the forest. The sound of its passing fades away.

All Arthur can hear is the frantic beating of his own heart.

Kai apologises as Arthur picks him up out of the mud.

'I'm sorry. I should have let you take that one. He was a fine boar, too…'

'Damn the boar,' Arthur says. He feels weak with relief. 'Are you all right?'

Kai grins. 'Never better.'

That smile does something to Arthur's heart… he can't resist. Not any longer. He takes Kai by the shoulders, all filthy and wet as he is, and kisses him on the forehead, and eyelids, and cheek, and throat, and finally on the mouth. Kai makes a small sound of pleasure, reaches out and pulls Arthur close, his hands travelling down Arthur's spine, spreading over his buttocks, pulling their bodies together as if to mould them into one being.

Arthur is in bliss. He hadn't expected to meet with such a welcome. He is oblivious of the cold and the persistent drizzle, and of the danger that the boar might return, and of the gathering winter dusk. All there is in the world, is Kai; and for the moment that is all Arthur wants.

And he can feel that Kai wants him too. Kai's chilly hands slide around his waist, under his tunic, feeling for the top of his breeches to slide them down. Arthur reaches out to do the same. At last, at last, after having to wait for so long… His heart sings for joy.

He is a little clumsy with haste, and he knocks Kai off balance; they stumble backwards, still locked together, until Kai's back is against a tree.

Kai puts a hand out to steady himself against the trunk. The bark is rough and chilly –

And suddenly he is back at another tree. The tree where Mark attacked him.

A surge of remembered fear and revulsion runs through him. Abruptly, despite himself, he turns his head away from Arthur, and closes his eyes as though to block out the unwelcome images that flood through his mind. But he can still see them, still feel the shame, and the burning at the corner of his mouth where Mark's rough handling tore the skin and left a scar…

Dimly, through his own pain, he hears Arthur curse, and then footsteps going unsteadily away.

A whine, and a cold nose thrust into his hand, brings him to his senses. He's not sure how long he's been standing there, but it's already half-dark and he's shivering with cold. The hounds have returned and are anxiously standing at his knee, awaiting orders.

Mechanically he calls the dogs to heel and sets off to search for Arthur.

Fortunately, he hasn't gone far: after only a few minutes Kai sees a figure hunched against the bole of an oak tree, and hears a terrible sound he's never heard before. It takes him a little while to realise that Arthur is crying. Not the decorous, controlled tears that are normally all he permits himself, and then only in front of Kai, but a desolate, abandoned, high-pitched keening like a wounded animal.

Kai reaches out to put a hand on his shoulder, but Arthur shakes him off as though burned by his touch. 'Don't –'

'Arthur.' Kai is choked with tears. 'I'm sorry. I – I can't help it when that happens. I need you to be patient with me –'
'For how much longer? It's been months. And every time –' Arthur dissolves into tears again.
'Not every time,' Kai pleads, 'and it's not that I don't want to –'
'Every time, Kai. Every single damned time I try. I can't go on like this. It's destroying me…'
'I'm sorry,' Kai says again. It seems so inadequate. He shakes his head angrily. 'It hurts me too. But I can't do anything to stop it.'
A sob shakes him. 'I'd pay any price to be free of the memory. To be free to – to give you what you need from me. What I want to give you. ..' He can't go on.

After a while Arthur rallies himself, draws a hand across his eyes. 'I don't blame you, Kai,' he says, wearily. 'You never asked for Mark to do what he did. '

Despite his own revulsion, Kai recalls Mark's shame only too well. 'He couldn't help himself,' he chokes,' he never asked for it to happen either. And I know how it is to want –' 
'I don't blame him for wanting you, Kai. That, I can well understand. But for what he did to you – to us –' Kai puts a hand cautiously on Arthur's shoulder, and this time Arthur lets it stay there '– for that, I will never forgive him.'

Kai's voice is low and fierce: 'I should kill him.' Arthur is about to agree when the look in Kai's eyes stops him. He can see Kai's shame at not being able to bring himself to face that contest.
He turns away and begins to walk back across the clearing. Kai doesn't hear him say, in a soft but deadly undertone, 'Or perhaps I should.'

The atmosphere between them is strained as they go back to the stream where the horses were picketed, mount, and ride silently home through the winter dusk; and Llud's exasperation at their lack of hunting success doesn't improve things when they arrive home either. Arthur is in a black, ill-tempered mood all evening, and when they go to bed he tosses and turns for a long time after Llud is asleep and snoring. But Kai doesn't dare go over and try to soothe him.

Next morning Kai wakes early to the sound of steady rain on the roof, and a nagging unease: something is wrong.

With a sense of foreboding, he looks across to Arthur's bed. Arthur is gone, taking sword and shield with him.

Kai's heart goes cold.

He knows what Arthur intends.