This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 17 - Conception/Inception (MF, caution, cons, magic, mc, nc, oral)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Detective Dianna Shepherd awoke from...a nap? She was sitting on her couch, but hadn't she just been sleeping in her bed? She was wearing her robe...

She looked down. The front of her robe was spattered with blood! "What the hell?!" Then she tasted the metallic tang in her mouth. She rushed to the bathroom mirror.

What stared back at her was a scene from a charnel house. Blood covered the lower half of her face, and her chin was practically caked in gore. She carefully washed her face, searching for the injury, but there was none.

What had happened?

A few minutes before:

Detective Dianna Shepherd awoke to someone pounding on her door. What the hell? she thought to herself, putting on a robe.

As she looked through the spyhole she beheld one of the most beautiful women that she had ever seen, a buxom redhead wearing an evening gown. Her eyes... Dianna unlocked the door.

Eudora pushed the hypnotized woman back. "Alright, master, please enter," she said.

Detective Aaron Bilson closed the door behind him and beheld his lesbian co-worker, her mouth slack, her mind controlled by his new pet demon. "Aw yesss...not so high and mighty now, eh, Shepherd? Get her on her knees."

As Bilson unbuckled his pants, Eudora relayed his command. Dianna knelt, unconcerned about the small but hard cock now approaching her mouth. At the demon's command, she opened it.

As Bilson's cockflesh almost touched her lips, a spark arced between them. "Ow! Shit." Bilson stepped back for a moment, and then pushed forward again. Dianna took the cock into her mouth, sucking as directed.

Deep inside her, something stirred.

"Master, wait..." Eudora felt something was wrong, but couldn't determine its nature.

"Naw, this feels too good. Yeah, suck it, DykeannAAAAAAAHHH!!!!"

Blood fountained from Bilson's crotch as Dianna bit down hard. Her eyes, though, showed that she was still firmly under the demon's mind control. Eudora rushed forward, pulling Bilson back. This was the exact wrong thing to do, as the man's cock came away completely in the mesmerized woman's mouth.

"Shit!" Eudora hissed as Bilson continued to scream. She tore the man's jacket off and pressed the fabric to his crotch to try to control the blood. Then she looked into Bilson's eyes. "Quiet!" she commanded, and he stopped screaming. "Hold that in place."

She turned to Dianna. "Spit it out!" The bloody appendage plopped into Eudora's hands and she looked at it in disgust. The woman had been chewing on it!

She gazed into Dianna's eyes again. "You will not remember anything since you last entered this room. Sleep." As the female detective's head lolled back, the demon pushed Bilson out the door.

---

Demie had been so happy with my performance fooling her mother that she had promised me whatever I wanted from her after I woke up from my nap, the nap having been necessitated by both demons sapping my energy from all the sex that morning.

When I woke, Demie was in bed with me, all demon-y and naked. She grabbed my cock and it hardened immediately.

As she stroked me she asked, "So...any preferences? I could be Jessica Alba again..." She morphed into the star, but I shook my head. "That girl from work?" I thought she meant Carrie, but then Kestrel's brown eyes were looking back at me as the university student's naked body continued lightly masturbating my cock.

"Nope," I replied.

She morphed into the human version of herself. "Something new? Do tell."

I turned and moved my face close to hers. She shied away, not wanting our lips to touch, as that would take my soul and then we'd both go to Hell. Still, the danger excited me. I turned my head, moving my lips to her neck.

"Ohh..." she moaned as I nibbled and kissed there. I took the opportunity to roll her onto her back, and then moved my face down to her breasts. Her legs encircled me as I took one nipple into my mouth, sucking, and I could feel the head of my cock nestle itself between her pussy lips.

I looked up at her gorgeous face, a combination of Janis Joplin, Demi Moore, and my ex-girlfriend's. "I just want you," I said, and pushed myself into her.

"MMmmm..." she moaned as my penis pushed into her vaginal oven. "I still want to give you something special for playing along earlier." Her eyes glowed...was she reading my thoughts, or my fantasies? I still didn't know how it worked.

"Do you want to make a baby with me?"

I stopped moving and looked at her. My cock twitched in agreement. "Is that possible?"

She began to roll her hips due to my lack of movement. "No, but we can pretend. What I'm going to do is change my insides to as close as I can make them to a real woman's." She concentrated, but didn't stop rolling her hips. "I already have a cervix, so I'll adjust what's beyond into a uterus...mmm...and...ughh...okay, there are the ovaries."

I looked down at Demie's stomach. I don't know what I expected to see, other than her firm tummy, but a moment later her skin became a transparent cutaway, just as it had when we had the threesome with Dianna. I could recognize everything she had just described from my high school biology textbooks, and further down I could see my cock inside her vagina.

I grabbed her hips and started thrusting, watching my manhood saw into her again and again through her skin.


"Oh, Tom, I think I'm fertile..." she cooed. One of her fingers touched the skin of her abdomen, through which one of her ovaries could be seen. As I watched, it shuddered, and disgorged a small speck. An egg!

I thrust harder. As I watched, Demie's egg slowly moved its way down her fallopian tube. Of course, in real life an egg wouldn't be visible to the naked eye, but I didn't care!

"You'd better pull out when you get close," Demie urged, "or I could get pregnant!"

Yes! Yes! I thrust like a madman, and she gasped. "Oh, fuck, Tom, you're so hard!"

I was getting close. "Tom, you have to pull out!" she urged. "Don't cum in me...I don't want a baby!"

I bellowed like a bull. I would not be denied!

"Not in me, Tom...please!"

I thrust hard and grunted, a powerful orgasm washing over me.

"Noooo..."

I barely had enough presence of mind to push myself back up and look through the "viewport" in Demie's tummy. As I continued to thrust, I saw my sperm splashing the inside of her vagina again and again.

"Aahhh! Cumming..." Demie arched her back and used her legs to hold me deep inside her. I saw her cervix open, spasming as her own pleasure peaked. I saw some of my cum sneak through that barrier...

"Ohhh..." she moaned. "So dangerous, Tom..."

I passed out.

"Tom."

I reached for the snooze button. I thought I had found it, but it felt like a nipple instead. I pressed it anyway.

"That tickles. Wake up."

I opened my eyes. I was still between Demie's legs, though my cock had shrunk and slipped out of her while I napped.

"It's happening."

What was happening? I quickly pushed myself up and looked at her stomach. The viewport had switched to a magnifying glass, focused on her fallopian tube. As I watched, I saw several of my sperm wriggling their way along it, heading for her egg.

They reached it. I held my breath as they swarmed it, fighting nature's oldest, most primal battle: survival of the fittest. The viewport zoomed in, showing one piercing the outer layer, thrusting its head inside, delivering its genetic payload and discarding its tail.

"Oh!" Demie said. "I felt that."

I couldn't tear my eyes away. My sperm had fertilized Demie's egg! We were compatible? The view zoomed out as the egg left her fallopian tube and floated into her womb. Soon it bumped into the uterine wall and stuck!

"Ah! I felt that too." she marveled. "I'm pregnant, Tom."

I looked up at her, disbelieving. "I...I..."

She pointed back down. I looked and saw her other ovary transforming, turning bright canary yellow and becoming fully circular. Then it shifted into a 3/4 pie shape...Pac-Man? It moved down the fallopian tube toward her womb, mouth opening and closing as it progressed.

"Um..."

The eating yellow pie shape exited the tube and wakka-wakka'd along Demie's uterine wall. Soon it approached the implanted egg.

"Demie..."

Closer, closer it came.

"Demie!"

"Oh, fine..." she said, and her stomach resumed its opaque pink human form.

"Are...are you actually pregnant?"

She tilted her head. "No, dummy, I'm a demon. That was a fake egg, though it did a pretty good job fooling your sperm. Aaaand...I just absorbed it all. We demons create death, not life."

---

Dianna sat in the police lab, fidgeting. She still hadn't figured out whose blood was on her robe and living room floor (and in her mouth!), but she had cleaned it up with bleach and disposed of the robe nevertheless. The only thing that seemed to make sense was that someone had drugged her and was trying to frame her for something. That's why she had called the station's forensic bio expert in on a Saturday to have her blood tested, off the record.

The tech crossed the room back to her. "The full test will take a few days, but there was one test I was able to perform right away, and it may explain why you're feeling 'off'." Dianna waited. "Congratulations! You're pregnant!"

Dianna blinked. Then she blinked again. "What?"

---

I woke up from my second nap of the day to someone banging on my door. "Urgh..." I moaned. I had had a threesome with two sex demons this morning, and then more sex with Demie earlier, so I was totally bagged. Still, the pounding continued. Demie was gone. I slipped a pair of boxers on and stumbled to the entryway.

As I started to open the door it was kicked wide, knocking me back. The next thing I saw was a fist rushing at my face. Then I saw the couch behind me, and finally a close-up of the floor.

When my consciousness returned I felt someone kicking me in the side. "Fucker! Wake up, goddamn you!" It was a female voice, but not Demie's. When I groaned, she picked me up by the hair and directed me to the couch.

I looked up at the furious face of Detective Dianna Shepherd. "Dianna?"

She slapped me across the face. "I don't know how you did it...maybe you came on her hand and then she used her fingers? Or you had already cum and it was hidden away somewhere in the bed? Well, however you did it, you fucking impregnated me, asshole! Did you think you could get away with it?"

I looked at her, shocked. It was one thing to know that there was a chance that a woman could get pregnant, but to actually find out it happened, and she was so angry...

I held up my hands. "I didn't do it! I only came inside Demie. You gotta believe me."

She looked into my eyes intently. Suddenly, everything seemed to slow. I felt like I was floating. 'Believe me...believe me...' I hoped against hope.

She paused and blinked, then stepped back. "Shit...you..." she said, and then turned and kicked over the coffee table before flopping down on the couch next to me. "You're not lying. It really was an accident?"

She was a cop -- a detective -- so she must have had some skills to tell when people were lying, and I hadn't; I had only cum inside of Demie, but the demon had altered her body to redirect my sperm all the way up and out her mouth, which had been buried deep inside of Dianna's pussy. There was a lie of omission, sure, but I hadn't said anything false.

Then my face caught up to a few minutes ago. "Oww..." I gasped, holding my cheek and nose. Neither seemed to be broken, but they hurt!

I looked back at her. "I'm so sorry this happened to you, Dianna. I'll do what I can if you want to keep the baby, but I don't make much money."

She put on a sour face. "I may not be Catholic anymore, but I could never kill a child." She caressed her midsection. "And I don't want your money." She stood. "I don't need anything from you, Tom." She was towering over me now. "You stay the fuck away from me; Demie too. Forget this happened..." She gestured at my face, "and we're...ugh...even."

I nodded.

Then she stomped out of my apartment. Erica, the woman down the hall I had also impregnated (but Demie had vacuumed the fetus out of her with her tongue) stood in the hall, watching.

"Oh, hey..." I began, but then she quickly scurried away.

"Oh." I got up and closed the door, depressed and in pain. I barely made it back to my bed before I lost consciousness again.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)