The worst thing isn’t the smell, although that’s plenty bad enough. No, the worst thing is the whispering taunts that start up in the quiet of the early mornings, when Dean is no longer in use and has been returned to his warded cell. The things they say to him lodge in his stomach and chest and leave him curled up in a tight ball on his bed, hands pressed to his ears.

He hates doing that because he knows Vincent’s watching—the steady red light of the camera in his cell tells him that much—and he can’t stand letting the fucker know he’s getting to Dean, but there comes a point every morning when he just can’t take it anymore. His shoulders round and his knees come up and his hands press against his ears and he hums loudly to himself. Metallica, Bad Company, Zepplin.

Taunts still filter in.

Here, puppy puppy puppy. Rip out your kibbles and bits. Got a bone for you, Fido.

Dog jokes. Bitch in heat jokes.

And that’s why when Hal (no last name, of course: Dean doesn’t need to know those) starts whispering in Dean’s ear that he’s a filthy little puppy, Dean flips. One moment he’s being good, he’s spreading and taking it the way he’s supposed to, and the next his hands are red and Hal is a bloody mess on the bed.

“Fuck,” Dean mutters, shaking. He wants to puke and can’t, too horrified by himself—by what he just did—to manage it.

He’s still shaking five hours later when Hank finally pokes his head in to see how they’re getting on.

Dean expects another visit with the monster inside his head after that one (only apparently he doesn’t need the wolf to become a monster, not anymore), but instead Vincent gives him to Hank for a long, seemingly endless week of degrading training.

Dog collars. Leashes. Fetch and carry. The son of a bitch even takes Dean for ‘walks’, leading him down the corridor outside the demon pens and laughing right along with the black-eyed bastards.

It gets so that Dean’s actually looking forward to nightfall, which is so fucked up it doesn’t even bear thinking about. But at least when he’s fighting and fucking he doesn’t have to deal with that sunken, hollowed feeling in his stomach. He doesn’t have to deal with it because he can zone out, concentrate on being nothing more than a body—and Georgia, his third appointment on the second night, is actually a pretty good time.

But of course in the morning it’s right back to what Hank’s taken to calling ‘obedience school’, and the humiliating, mocking training starts right back up again.

Dean’s relieved at the end of the week when Hank drags him before Vincent, still collared and leashed and moving awkwardly on his hands and knees. Vincent looks down at him with a faint, amused smile that makes Dean want to rip something (someone) apart, but then he remembers that that’s why he’s in this position to begin with and has to fight to keep his stomach in place.

“How are we feeling, Dean?” Vincent wants to know.

Dean hasn’t been allowed to speak all week, and now he casts a quick glance up to Hank for permission (bitter gall building in his throat at how easy it is to do that) before smarming, “Fine and frisky.”

Vincent doesn’t get mad. He never seems to get mad. Instead, his smile widens.

“Good,” he says. “I’m glad to hear you’re feeling better. I take it that we won’t have any more ... incidents.”

Dean’s stomach lurches at the reminder and he drops his eyes, sickened by the wet flash of red in his memory. Vincent’s hand curls around his chin and draws his head back up.

“By your very nature,” Vincent says calmly, “You’re going to attract clients with specific interests in bed. You’re going to have to learn a little tolerance. If you can’t, there are always other options. Do I make myself clear?”

Dean’s mouth is dry, but (options, other options) he makes himself answer, “Crystal.”

Early the next morning, when Hank brings him back to his cell and the demons start in again, Dean closes his eyes and thinks of Sam.