A New Career
by storyguy

Chapter 13

Craig settled back, resting, when Shannon left. Annie lay next to him, on her side, but needed more. She was hornier than she had ever been as she was the only one who had not climaxed. She glanced down and saw his cock wasn't quite hard yet, but wasn't completely flaccid either. She reached down and began playing with his cock and balls. "Got something left for me?" she giggled. 

"Always. Shannon is fun, but..." he grinned as his dick stiffened. 

"But what?" Annie asked. 

"She's cute... fun to do stuff with, but she's not you. She's still kinda young and doesn't have much of a body. You have a killer body and know lots more about... um... I don't know how to put it... I like you better and doing stuff with you better," he explained. 

"Thanks," Annie gushed. "You gonna take the 5 o'clock bus again?" she asked and he nodded. "Good. We got time to do some stuff if you want. I'd kinda like to." 

Craig smiled, rolled Annie onto her back, then kissed her passionately. It was more than enough to get Annie's motor running at full speed again. As they kissed, her nips hardened what seemed to be more than usual and she could feel the wetness in her pussy as she returned his kisses. His hand went to her breast and he began massaging it, much to her delight. 

As they kissed, Craig maneuvered himself on top of Annie. She seemed willing and parted her legs so he could settle between them. Both their hips started moving so Craig's cock was running up and down Annie's slit. Hormones took over and the humping became more exaggerated. Annie's pussy was soaked. 

"Wanna do it?" Craig whispered. With her brain disengaged and her body controlling, Annie just nodded; his words not really sinking in. Craig lifted slightly and his hand went between their bodies. He aimed as best he could and the next stroke for them pushed the head of his cock between her wanting pussy lips. 

Annie suddenly froze as the reality of what was happening slammed into her brain. "Um... Go easy. It's my first time," she muttered, still undecided if she really wanted this to happen. 

"I'll go as slow and easy as you like," he answered, being nervous as well. Neither moved for a moment. "You OK?" he asked and she nodded. "Want me push in?" 

Annie couldn't answer. Her brain was screaming NOOO, but her body was yelling back YESSS. Her mouth opened and nothing came out. She couldn't even nod or shake her head, just stayed frozen. After what seemed to be an eternity, Craig's cock pushed slightly deeper, then stopped again. 

All she could do was brace herself and wait for either nothing or the worst pain she had ever felt. All the first time horror stories flooded her mind and at the same time all the "it was nothing" stories pushed back. The only thing she actually was feeling was what seemed to be a very large cock entering her tiny opening, not hurting, but definitely filling her. 

Without warning, Craig pushed in more. Her pussy seemed to be stretching to accommodate his intrusion into her body. Annie's inner conflict was still raging, causing her to tense, hoping it wouldn't hurt too bad. Thankfully he was pushing slowly, but Annie wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing. 

There wasn't really any pain. Annie wasn't sure his cock was going to fit inside her anyway. Her pussy felt stuffed and he was still pushing in. Once more she feared he might be too big for her when he stopped pushing. Her eyes opened again. "Why did you stop?" she asked. 

"I'm all the way in," he smiled. 

"Really?" Annie grinned. He just nodded. She swore she could feel his cock just behind her belly button and it felt so much bigger inside her. Annie relaxed some. He had fit. Her body was still wanting though and she smiled when he began moving in and out of her slowly. 

It was the biggest thing she ever had inside her body and, even though stuffed, her body was reacting. It was a strange feeling, like nothing she had felt when rubbing herself. Although different, her excitement was growing. There had been no real hurt and the stuffed feeling was almost pleasurable. 

Craig's slow, gentile, slight movements didn't last though. His pace began accelerating and his slight movements became more pronounced. Annie's eyes closed once more letting her body focus on the sensations. The more he moved, the better it felt. 

Annie opened her legs more as Craig began to pound into her. Her body was becoming accustom to his cock filling her even though the full feeling remained. He was creating sensations she hadn't felt before, new, wonderful sensations. Her hips pushed up, meeting his invading cock trying to get him in deeper. It was starting to hurt, but she couldn't stop now. The pleasure was far greater than the hurt. 

Her body exploded in orgasm. "I'm gonna cum!" Craig gasped. Annie felt his cock pulsating inside her body and her pussy seemed to suddenly get wetter and more slippery. Unknown to her she was panting, gasping for air each time he pulled back and exhaling when he rammed back into her. 

She wanted him to keep going forever, but he slowed steadily until he finally stopped moving, but his cock was still inside her body. A smile formed on her face. "Was I good?" she whispered. 

"Yeah... Great!" he answered, then unfortunately pulled out of her and lay down next to her. Annie was happy and satisfied, but she became aware of how sore her pussy actually was. She nuzzled up to him, content. 

"Did you have fun today?" she asked and he nodded. "Me too. It was fun with Shannon. Wanna do stuff with her again? I think I know how we can get her naked again and do stuff to her, if you want to, of course," she continued. 

"Yeah. How we gonna do that?" Craig questioned. 

"She wants to model. We can tell her we'll teach her how to pose. We just tell her she has to get naked to do that. I'll get naked too so she'll do it. Think you can teach two naked girls how to pose?" Annie giggled. 

"Sure! When? I can't tomorrow, but maybe the day after?" he replied. "Um... Wanna do it again? I still have time before my bus," Craig added. 

"Ah... I'm kinda sore. Sorry," Annie frowned. "Maybe we can after we teach Shannon how to pose though," she stated after seeing the disappointment in his face. “I'll see if I can get Shannon here the day after tomorrow." 

"OK..." Craig sighed. He then laid back silent. 

After a short time Annie began to feel somewhat guilty. She was also still horny, but her pussy needed rest. Annie sat up and looked at Craig, who smiled at her. Without saying anything she leaned down, grasped his cock, and guided it into her mouth. He immediately stiffened, pleasing her. She momentarily dropped his cock from her mouth and grinned at him. As expected he grinned back, then she took his cock again. 

It wasn't long before Craig was breathing hard. Annie could feel his cock almost quivering in her mouth. She continued massaging him with her lips and tongue. Suddenly his breath sucked in and her mouth filled with his boob growing serum. Now knowing what to expect, she swallowed as quickly as she could, not wanting to waste any of the elixir. 

He stopped squirting and she felt him softening. His cock fell from her lips and she sat back up. Looking at the clock, she said, "You need to get going. Your bus will be here soon." 

The two dressed and walked to the bus stop together. It surprised her when he kissed her before getting on the bus. "I'll call you later," he called out as he stepped into the bus.


Chapter 14 

Two days later the three made plans to meet again. Annie arranged for Shannon to come to her apartment and she would teach her how to pose, but didn't tell Shannon Craig would be there. Shannon was excited and wanted to learn how to model. 

She went to Annie's right after school. Annie was already home and let Shannon in. "You ready to learn to be a model?" Annie asked and, naturally, Shannon nodded enthusiastically. "Let's go in my room. I have a full length mirror on my door so you can see yourself," suggested Annie. 

The two made their way into Annie's room. "So what do I do?" Shannon asked once there. 

"Start by taking off your clothes," Annie told her. A shocked look came over Shannon's face. "What? You need to see how your body is posed. You can't see that with clothes on. I'll show you a pose, then you do it," Annie explained as she pulled her top off. Shannon paused, but seeing Annie undress she relented and began taking off her clothes too, stopping when she was just wearing panties. "Panties too," Annie noted as she dropped hers to her feet. 

Shannon's underwear dropped to her feet as a hand covered her now exposed pussy. She picked up her panties with her free hand and dropped them on Annie's bed and then sat down next to them acting quite shyly. She looked at Annie waiting for her next task. 

The front door buzzer rang and Annie grabbed her bathrobe, putting it on, and told Shannon, "I'll be right back. Stay here." Annie left the room, closing the door behind her, and answered the buzzer. It was Craig, as planned, and she buzzed him in. 

Craig knocked on the apartment door and Annie opened it for him. "Is Shannon here?" he asked. Annie put her finger to her lips signaling him to be quiet as he stepped in and she closed the door. She motioned him to follow her and she went back to her room. 

"Wanna do it?" Craig whispered. With her brain disengaged and her body controlling, Annie just nodded; his words not really sinking in. Craig lifted slightly and his hand went between their bodies. He aimed as best he could and the next stroke for them pushed the head of his cock between her wanting pussy lips. 

The door opened and Shannon's jaw dropped as Annie walked back in followed by Craig. In a panic Shannon grabbed her top and held in against her naked body. "Annie! I'm naked!" she gasped. 

Annie calmly took off her robe laying it on her bed, exposing her naked body. "So? I asked him to come over. He's got a lot more experience than I do and I thought he could help you." Shannon was still wide-eyed and still trying to cover herself. "What's the big deal? He's already seen you and even touched you. You saw him too. Stand up and we'll get started. Craig, sit on the bed. You can watch and give Shannon some pointers so she can pose better," Annie stated. 

Shannon was still nervous and shy, but seeing Annie standing completely nude, like it was natural, gave her the bit of confidence she needed to stand, but she kept her hand in front of her pussy. "OK," Shannon muttered. "What do I do?" 

Annie smiled, then whispered something to Craig. "OK. I'll pose, then you pose like me. You can look in the mirror and check yourself. First, put your hands on your hips, like this, then stand straight," Annie commanded, posing as she had told Shannon to pose, knowing Shannon would have to uncover her pussy. 

Shannon looked at Annie, then mimicked her pose, exposing herself to Craig. "Straighten your back; kinda push your boobs out," Craig instructed. Shannon tried to make the corrections. "Good. Much better," Craig complimented. 

"Now do this," Annie told her as she changed her pose, jutting one hip out and parting her legs some. Again Shannon copied her, exposing her pussy more. Annie broke her pose and approached Shannon. "Push your hip out more and spread your feet more," Annie instructed. Craig smiled as Shannon adjusted her pose. 

"Let's try another one. Do this pose," Annie ordered as she backed away from Shannon. Annie stood sideways and jutted her ass out. As she had done, Shannon posed the same way. "Not really... Look in the mirror, then at me," commented Annie. Shannon did as Annie asked, then looked up at Annie puzzled. "You need to tilt your hips... Like this," Annie demonstrated. 

"I did," Shannon answered. 

"No, you just pushed your butt out. I know something that helped me a lot. It will help you see your hips tilt. Bend over," Annie instructed. As Shannon bent, Annie reached to her desk and picked up a new pencil. 

As she turned back to Shannon, Shannon jumped up and turned to face Annie. "What are you gonna do?" she gasped. 

"Put this in your butt," Annie answered. "It helps a lot. I know because it helped me. It doesn't hurt or anything. Just bend over," Annie lied. 

"I know it doesn't hurt. My mother takes my temperature that way sometimes. I hate it though. I don't wanna do that," Shannon pleaded. 

"Oh... OK. I thought you wanted to learn how to pose. No problem. If you don't want to it's OK. We may as well stop then and forget modeling. If you can't pose right you can't model," blackmailed Annie. 

After a brief pause, Shannon muttered, "OK," then turned and bent over. Craig's jaw dropped and his cock stiffened even more, if that was possible, as Annie lined up the pencil and pushed it into Shannon's ass, stopping when the pencil was about halfway in. 

"OK, stand up and turn sideways and turn your head so you can see in the mirror," Annie instructed. Shannon did as she was told. The pencil protruded from her ass, clearly visible in the mirror. "Now tilt your hips so the pencil moves up and down," Annie continued. "Good! Now watch your stomach as you tilt your hips so your butt pushes in. See how your stomach flattens? That's what you need to do when being photographed from the front." 

"OK. I guess I can do that," Shannon muttered. 

"Craig, the pencil is slipping out. Can you push it back in?" Annie requested. Craig tentatively reached out, put his finger on the end of the pencil, and slowly pushed. Shannon looked at him and giggled. "Shannon, try pushing your butt out by tilting your hips now. It kinda makes your butt look sexier," Annie instructed. 

"Yeah," Shannon commented. By this time she had relaxed and noticed the attention she was getting from Craig. It was a bit embarrassing being naked in front of him, but she liked it anyway. 

"Shannon, bend over. Craig, pull the pencil out and we'll try posing without it," Annie ordered. Shannon couldn't help but smile as she bent over and felt Craig pulling the pencil from her. 

Craig smiled as well. A naked girl was bending over giving him a view of not only her ass, but her pussy poking out between her legs. "Want me to pose with her?" he offered, not caring about posing, but wanting to do something sexual and relieve his raging hardon. 

Shannon looked at Annie and nodded. "Sure, if you want," Annie answered. 

Craig stood up, but instead of going to Shannon to pose, began taking off his clothes, much to the delight of both girls. His underwear dropped to expose a hard, skyward pointing, stiff cock. He stepped up to Shannon's back, put his hands on her hips, and pulled her body into the erection now sandwiched between them, making her giggle. 

Annie walked up to Shannon and whispered, "Want some boob growing stuff?", realizing Craig's condition. 

"Um... I don't want him in my mouth," Shannon whispered back. 

"He can put it in your... um... where your panties cover," Annie suggested in a whisper. 

Annie then whispered to Craig, "Wanna do her butt?" and Craig nodded. She then went back to Shannon. "He can put it in your butt. It will be like getting a shot." Shannon thought for a moment, then nodded. "Climb up on the bed on your hands and knees." 

Shannon was nervous, but did as Annie asked. Craig, knowing what was happening, climbed up on the bed and stood on his knees behind her. Seeing she was small, he requested, "Instead of your hands, use your elbows and knees." Shannon lowered to her elbows, changing the angle of her butt and giving Craig better access to his target. He grabbed his stiff cock, aimed it at her rosebud, and pushed forward. 

"He's not gonna fit!" Shannon gasped as she felt the pressure on her asshole. 

"Yeah he will. Craig, wait a minute," Annie answered as she rushed out of the room. She quickly returned and handed Craig a jar of petroleum jelly. "Put this on her and put some on you too. You'll go in easier." 

He took a gob of the jelly and rubbed in on Shannon's asshole, making her giggle. Annie moved to the bed and kneeling, bent down and whispered to Shannon. "He'll fit. His thing is no bigger than your poop. Just relax and let him in." Craig, once his cock was greased up, again aimed and pushed, this time slipping in. 

"It hurts!" Shannon gasped softly to Annie. 

"Shots hurt too. Just let him squirt, then it will be over," Annie encouraged. Shannon's eyes squeezed closed as Craig began pumping his cock into her ass. After a moment she seemed to start to relax. "Is it getting easier?" asked Annie and Shannon nodded. 

"I'm gonna cum!" Craig exclaimed as he pounded into the girl's tender ass. His movements became erratic, telling Annie he was shooting his boob growing substance into Shannon. 

"It's getting more slippery," Shannon observed. Craig continued jamming his cock into her body a few more times, then slowed to a stop. 

Annie knew he would be pulling out soon. "When he pulls out, squeeze tight so his stuff stays in," she whispered to Shannon. Almost as on cue, Craig backed away from Shannon. His cock, now soft, flopped down. "Hold it in. It will make your boobs grow," Annie whispered as Shannon rose up. 

Shannon's hand moved to her ass checking it, not knowing what to expect. "It kinda hurt, but not that bad, I guess," she muttered. Shannon looked over her shoulder and giggled when she saw the shrunken member drooping between Craig's legs. "It got smaller and droopy." 

"That's what happens to boys after," Annie told her, trying to sound knowledgeable. 


Chapter 15 

Annie leaned over and whispered to Craig, "Go to the bathroom and wash your thing. I want you in me." Craig immediately left the room. 

"Where's he going?" Shannon asked. 

"He just had to go to the bathroom," excused Annie. 

"He went out there naked?" questioned Shannon. 

"Sure. Why not? We're the only ones here and it's no big deal if we see each other naked, right?" Annie admonished. 

Shannon just shrugged. Craig came back in and she noticed his cock was stiff again. "He's sticking up again," she softly giggled to Annie. "Are we gonna pose some more?" 

"You had a break. Now I need one," Annie smiled. "Come here, boy," Annie giggled. 

He walked over to the bed where Annie and Shannon were now laying. Annie scooted over toward the middle of the bed, giving Craig a place next to her. He began kissing her and the two seemed to get into it, even though Shannon was next to them. 

At first Shannon tried to ignore them, feeling rather awkward. As their passions grew, she began glancing over at them. They were ignoring the fact she was right there on the bed with them. Craig's hands began roving over Annie's body, to her breasts and even between her legs. Shannon expected Annie to stop him or at least protest, but she did neither. Instead her hands went between his legs. 

Shannon began watching them more closely and they didn't seem to mind. She was both shocked and fascinated when Craig rolled over on top of Annie and her legs parted, allowing him to settle between them. "Push over," Annie muttered to her. Shannon scooted over to the edge of the bed and onto her side, facing them. "Thanks," Annie smiled. 

To Shannon it was as if they wanted her to watch. Her jaw dropped when Craig lifted up, Annie's hand went down between them, and she grabbed his cock, obviously aiming it at her pussy. Craig then lowered back down and Shannon watched his cock sink into Annie's pussy! She expected Annie to protest again, feeling that it must have hurt to have him do that to her, but she almost seemed to purr as she was impaled. 

Annie's knees bent and her legs splayed more. From her position Shannon could actually see Craig's stiff cock going into Annie as he lifted, then pushed back down. Naturally she knew what they were doing, but she didn't expect it would be as pleasurable as Annie seemed to react. 

The pace they were fucking at appeared to be increasing. Annie was being jarred every time he pushed down and into her. Her hands were on his bare ass, almost pushing him into her. Craig suddenly pushed into her hard and moaned. Annie gripped him, holding him tightly against her. His ass almost seemed to vibrate, pause, then vibrate again. 

Shannon was fascinated. Sex had always scared her, but Annie seemed to relish it. She certainly didn't act like it was something she "had to do", like a duty. Slowly the couple stopped moving and Craig rolled off of her and onto his back. Shannon's jaw dropped when she saw his cock. It was now smaller, shinny, and just hanging down between his legs loosely. 

"Move. I gotta go to the bathroom," Annie mumbled as she nudged Shannon. 

Shannon stood and Annie rushed past her and out the door. She sat back down on the bed and stared at Craig's crotch. She couldn't believe the change in him. Shannon wanted to touch his cock, feel it, but was far too shy too, so just studied it with her eyes. 

Annie walked back in the room without Shannon noticing as she had left the door open. It made her smile seeing Shannon studying Craig's cock and balls. "Go ahead, touch it. He won't mind, will you, Craig." 

"Nope. Be my guest," Craig invited. 

Shannon shook her head. "I know you want to," Annie stated as she walked over to the bed and climbed on beside Craig. She reached over him, took Shannon's hand and, with little resistance, placed the hand on Craig's wilted cock. 

At first Shannon didn't move, but then began exploring. "It feels weird. Why is it limp?" 

"It's what happens to boys after they squirt. Didn't I tell you that? If you play with it, it will get hard again," offered Annie. 

"Doesn't it hurt doing what you did?" Shannon questioned Annie. 

"Sometimes it does, but only the first time. After that it feels great! Sometimes it doesn't hurt at all. I didn't feel any hurt my first time. Try it and see," suggested Annie. 

"It's getting stiff again!" Shannon exclaimed, ignoring Annie's suggestion for now. Shannon was fascinated as Craig's cock hardened and grew in her hand. "How do you do that?" she questioned Craig. 

"It just does it by itself," he answered, somewhat amazed by her question. 

"Ya wanna make him squirt again?" Annie asked, sensing Craig's irritation. Shannon, of course, nodded enthusiastically. "OK. We'll use our mouths. You start. When he squirts, you take some of his stuff, then sit up and I'll take some, OK?" Annie suggested. Shannon, also sensing Craig's irritation, nodded. 

She looked down at the now rigid cock in her hand. Hoping to redeem herself after realizing how dumb her question was, Shannon leaned down, opened her mouth, and let his cock slip in. She tried to remember everything from when she did it before, although she noticed a slightly different taste this time. 

Craig, at first, stayed still, but then pushed his hips up, pushing his cock deeper into her mouth and causing her to gag slightly. Shannon backed off and instead wrapped her hand around his cock again. "Put it in your mouth," Annie ordered. Again Shannon lowered, but kept her hand around his cock. She discovered when he pushed up, her hand stopped him from pushing further into her mouth and, instead, pushed her head up, which was much better for her. 

Craig's breathing became deeper. His eyes closed. Soft sounds were emitting from his mouth. Suddenly he sucked in a lung full of air and held it. Annie watched as Shannon's throat began moving and could tell Craig was climaxing. Shannon swallowed a few times, then chocked and sat up. Annie immediately leaned down, taking his cock into her mouth, but not before a rope of cum shot out hitting Shannon's chest. 

Annie's mouth filled with his boob growing serum, which she naturally swallowed. He only squirted a few more times before he settled back down and she felt his cock shrinking again. After pausing, Annie reluctantly allowed his spent cock to fall out of her mouth and she sat up. "You missed some," she giggled as she pointed to Shannon's nipple. 

Shannon looked down and saw a dollop of cum almost directly on her nipple. It made her giggle as she scooped it up with her finger and popped the finger into her mouth. "I hope it works fast," she smiled. 

"I gotta get going," Craig stated after looking at the clock. He climbed out of the bed and grabbed his clothes. "Milo told me he needed me next Monday. I don't know if it is just me or someone else. Did he say anything to you?" he asked as he was dressing. 

"Yeah, he asked me to model. I guess we're modeling together again," Annie smiled. 

"Do you think he'd let me watch again?" Shannon questioned. 

"I don't know, but I'll ask if you want," offered Annie, to which Shannon nodded enthusiastically with a big grin. By this time Craig was dressed. "Wanna walk him to the door?" Annie asked Shannon. 

"Sure, let me dress," she answered. 

"Don't bother, just come," Annie replied as she got up from the bed. 

"Naked?" Shannon gasped. 

"Sure, why not? You can't still be shy about him seeing, are you?" Annie almost scolded. 

"OK," Shannon blushed as she stood up, embarrassed about walking to the door nude. Annie was doing it though and Shannon didn't want to be the odd one. 

The three walked to the door and, after kissing Annie, Craig left. Annie turned to Shannon, reached out, and felt her chest. "I think his stuff is working already. Your boobs seem puffier." 

"Really!" Shannon beamed. 


Chapter 16 

Annie asked Milo about Shannon watching again and he said it depended on Craig. Of course Annie knew what his response would be, so told Shannon she could watch. Shannon was thrilled. 

Monday came and Annie and Shannon met Craig outside and the three walked to Milo's studio. He asked Craig, "Do you mind her watching? You know what to expect..." warning Craig it would be "business as usual" and he would be expected to do the usual things. 

"I don't mind. If she wants to model she has to know what is expected," Craig replied. 

Milo hesitated, then invited the three in. "You'll probably need a relaxing pill, Craig. You OK with that?" Milo checked and Craig nodded. "OK, I'll go get one." 

"Shannon, go sit in back where you were before and don't ask or say anything. We'll be working and Milo might get mad if you interrupt," Annie told Shannon. Shannon took a seat where she had before. 

Milo returned and asked Craig if he was ready. Shannon's eyes opened wide as Craig undid his pants, pushed them down along with his underwear revealing an erection, and bent over. Her jaw dropped and she held her breath to stop from gasping as Milo pushed his injector into Craig's asshole, then pushed a plunger before pulling it back out. He asked Annie if she needed one and she shook her head. 

He then called Annie and Craig over to the tables where the clothes were and explained what they would be modeling. "Craig, you'll need your cup. Annie, it will be better if you take off your panties so there are no lines because some of the things are tight. You won't need the C-string as nothing is see-through. Let's get ready," Milo stated before walking to his camera and checked the settings. 

Shannon was surprised by what Milo had told them. She knew both had seen the other naked, but that was private and she also knew Milo had seen Annie naked too, but both seeing Annie getting naked together seemed a lot different. Both Annie and Craig began undressing together. Annie ended up wearing only a sports bra and Craig took off all his clothes, then put on what Shannon thought was a thong for boys. She also noticed his cock had shrunk down and was now limp. 

The two models began putting on their outfits, Milo would adjust them, seemingly touching their whole bodies, then taking his pictures. Once done the two would strip down again, together, and put on another outfit. On the fourth outfit, Milo stated, "Annie, your bra straps are showing. You need to take it off." Annie pulled the top off, then took her bra off, exposing her breasts for all to see, then put the top back on. 

From then on in, when they changed, Annie was completely naked. Shannon was amazed at first, then assumed it was normal procedure. She was still surprised Annie acted like it was no big deal to be naked in front of both Milo and Craig. She wasn't sure how she would feel about doing that if she modeled. It was one thing when Craig, Annie, and she got naked together, but Annie was the only one getting naked now. 

After an hour they took a break. Both took off the clothes they were modeling, then walked to where Shannon was sitting and Annie sat down. Annie was completely naked and Craig had on only his thong thing. Craig dropped his thong thing, rubbed his package, then sat down next to Annie. 

"You don't mind getting naked in front of everyone?" Shannon whispered to Annie. 

"It's part of modeling, stupid. You'll have to do it if you model too," she scowled. 

Before Shannon could say anything, Milo called the two back and they resumed modeling. After another hour and a half they finished for the day. Shannon was surprised when Craig took off his thong thing, completely getting naked, then dressed and Annie dressed without putting on her panties and bra. "What are you guys going to do now?" Shannon asked as they were leaving Milo's. 

"We're going to my place for a while. Craig's bus doesn't leave for another hour," Annie replied. 

"Can I come?" asked Shannon. 

Annie and Craig whispered to each other a bit before Annie replied. "You can come under one condition. You have been watching us naked all day. If we let you come with us, you have to get naked as soon as you get in the door; right at the door too." 

Shannon thought for a moment. Both had already seen her naked and she did some sex things with them, most of which she liked. "OK..." she agreed. As soon as they were at Annie's and the door was closed, they kicked off their shoes. Shannon started to pull up her top, then stopped because the other two were just watching. "Are you guys gonna get undressed too?" Shannon questioned. Annie nodded, but neither moved. "When?" Shannon asked. 

"Once you are and we go into my room," Annie smirked. 

"Why can't I wait until we're in your room too? Why do I have to get naked here?" Shannon argued. 

"We told you, you have to strip right here. Either you do it or, if you don't want to, just leave," Annie stipulated. 

Shannon hesitated for a bit, then sighed and pulled off her top. Again she paused, then her shorts dropped. "Can I keep my panties until we go in your room?" she bargained, but Annie shook her head. Shannon glared at her, then her face reddened as her panties fell to her feet. "OK now?" she blurted. 

"Yes. Put your hands at your sides. You watched today, so you know you have to get naked to model. This is good practice, that is if you still want to model," Annie challenged. 

"I do!" Shannon snapped as her arms fell to her sides. Craig and Annie just looked at her for a bit, making her feel very uneasy, before Annie turned, took Craig's hand, and headed toward her room. Shannon followed. 

Annie closed the door, then pulled her top off, baring her upper body. Craig reached for his tee, but Annie stopped him. "Wait." Craig settled back up as Annie's shorts dropped, making her naked now too. She reached out and lifted Craig's tee. His arms went up, but he had to bend so Annie could get his tee off. Her hands then went to his jeans. She got the button undone, then lowered his zipper. 

"You gonna help me strip him?" Annie giggled, looking over at Shannon, as Annie lowered his jeans. A big smile formed on Shannon's face as she stepped toward Craig. He stepped out of his jeans and Annie picked them up and put them on top of her clothes on her chair. "Well?" she grinned at Shannon, pointing to his underwear. 

Shannon giggled as her hands went to his waistband. Slowly, as if still not sure, she began to push his underwear down. He didn't move as she exposed his still limp cock and balls. As Annie had done, she let his underwear drop and, as he stepped out of the garment, she picked it up and placed it on top of his jeans. Her eyes stayed glued on his boyhood. 

"Make him hard," Annie ordered. Shannon looked at her puzzled. "Take him in your mouth and make him hard, but don't make him squirt you. Stop as soon as he gets hard," she explained. Shannon giggled and started to bend down. "No. Kneel down in front of him, then do it," Annie instructed. 

Annie watched with glee as Shannon knelt down, opened her mouth, and guided Craig's soft cock into it. She knew it would take a bit to get him hard as the pill wore off. Shannon thought it felt strange to have a soft cock in her mouth. It felt squishy, far different than it had before. "It's not working," she muttered after a few minutes. 

"Let me help," Annie offered. Shannon let the still soft cock drop from her mouth as she leaned away from him. "No, you keep sucking. Craig, open your legs," Annie ordered. Craig parted his legs and Shannon leaned forward again, taking his cock. Annie moved behind Craig, then reached through his legs and began playing with his balls. 

"He's getting harder," Shannon announced. 

"Keep sucking him," Annie told her. She then moved to Shannon's side, leaned down, and whispered into her ear, "Want to watch me again? You can have a turn after." Shannon backed away from Craig's now hard cock and nodded. Annie took Craig's hand and led him to her bed, which she sprawled onto on her back. Her legs opened wide and Craig settled between them. 

Shannon, now standing at the foot of the bed, could see not only his bare ass, but, with his legs parted slightly, could see his ball sack hanging just above Annie's shiny pussy. His cock, stiffly jutting along his belly, was out of her view, until Annie reached down, Craig rose up, and Annie bent his cock down aiming it at her gaping pussy. 

Slowly he lowered down, making Shannon's eyes widen, as his cock slipped into Annie's body. He began sawing his cock in and out of her as his ass started rising and lowering. Annie's legs almost flattened onto the mattress, giving Shannon an unobstructed view of her friend getting fucked. His cock seemed to effortlessly sink into her and she showed no sign of any discomfort. It made Shannon's pussy tingle. 

Their pace quickened as Shannon watched. Soft, guttural sounds came from both of them. The tingling in Shannon's pussy was growing. She wanted to touch herself, but was too shy to do that in front of the other two, even though they probably wouldn't have noticed. Neither was paying any attention to her. Even so, Shannon was painfully aware of that "itch" between her legs. 

A grunt came from Craig as he pushed hard into Annie. "Yesss!" she hissed. Shannon watched his ass flex and he held it for a moment, before ramming hard again. Annie seemed to push up, but was slammed back down by Craig. Slowly both came to a stop before Craig rolled off of her. 

Shannon could see Craig's white cum start to dribble from between Annie's still outstretched legs. The two stayed still for a minute or two, before Annie stood up. "I gotta go to the bathroom," she muttered as she left the room. 

Craig remained on his back with his legs parted some. Shannon stared at his once again deflated cock, wondering if it would fit into her. "You gonna try?" Annie asked as she came back. 


