Hannah Punishes Her Little Brother, Her Naked Little Brother
by Ashley
Copyright© 2022 by Ashley

Chapter 7

In the morning she wakes up first and it’s a bit late. She wakes Ryan up with a big, good morning, kiss and cuddle. She so much wants to fuck him again but it is simply not worth the risk of getting caught, if her parents were to get home early. She sighs deeply and goes to the bathroom.

She is in the kitchen in her robe when Ryan comes down. He is dressed in shorts and a T-shirt and he looks all wrong. She starts welling up and feels her chin wobble and has to give him a big cuddle to calm down. Then she doesn’t feel his penis poking at her and it sets her off again.

When her parents do get home, she is in the lounge looking at her phone and Ryan is in the garden playing keepy-uppy with a soccer ball.

After her folks have settled back in she asks her Dad to take her to the mall, telling him she needs to buy some new skirts. He’s wavering, but Mom wants a blouse returning to a store there, so he caves.

She actually does want some skirts, silk ones like those of her Mom’s that she liked so much. In the clothes store she tries them on over a little G-string that shows off her ass to perfection. She checks in the changing room mirror and the effect is exactly what she was after. She parades a particularly nice, very short, red one for her Dad’s approval, twirling and shaking her ass at him. He is holding the bag, with Mom’s blouse in, in front of his groin, and she’s not at all surprised. She picks three that she wants and hands them to her Dad to pay for. Then she takes her Mom’s bag, saying she’ll return it. She can see that he definitely has a hard-on, a big one.

They go back to the house and bump into Ryan and her Mom one their way out; Ryan has persuaded her to ferry him to and from soccer practice.

She goes up to her room and changes into the new red skirt, then takes the G-string off.

She reaches down between her legs and rubs gently over her vulva. She is thinking back to yesterday afternoon with Ryan as she does. She gets her new vibrator out of her bedside drawer, spreads her legs a bit, and runs it between her lips, from her clit all the way back to her asshole. She keeps doing this until she can feel moisture building up inside her, then she slips the head inside. With the vibrator switched on it is soo much better. In no time at all she is very, very wet. She licks it clean and returns it to the drawer. Strictly speaking this is going against the promise she made to Ryan, but she hasn’t cum, and it is all in a good cause. She’ll explain it to him later.

She checks in the mirror to see how it looks when she bends over, pulls her skirt up a couple more inches, then checks again; perfect.

Then she goes to the top of the stairs and bellows to her Dad. “Dad, can you come to my room. The AC’s not working!” Then hurries back to her room and leans over the AC unit below the window. She hears her Father come along the corridor and starts clicking the AC buttons but not pushing them in. She hears the footsteps come closer then stop in the doorway. “I don’t know what’s the matter with it, it was OK yesterday.” She says, continuing to stab at the buttons ineffectually. She can feel her bare ass jiggling as she does. After a minute or two, she hears him approach, then feels him press against her, his trousers rubbing against her bare skin and the hardness of him between her cheeks. she forces herself to remain motionless. He looks over her shoulder for a bit then pulls back and puts his hand on her bottom. He strokes her cheeks gently then moves his hand between her legs. He slips a finger just inside her, and smears the juices he finds there over the rest of her pussy. The urge to grind against his fingers is almost too much for her. but she resists it; she needs his cock. As if on cue his hand leaves her and she hears his zipper. She holds her breath in anticipation, then she feels the head of his penis split her pussy lips, it feels very nice, and very large. She tries to ignore that and turns to her right, a look of horror on her face. She holds the pose for a second, his cock is right at her entrance now. She stands up, moving her pussy away from him, then stabs the on button on the AC; it starts humming. “That’s got it. Thanks Daddy!” She says in her best ‘little girl’ voice, and skips out of the room.

She rushes to her bathroom and locks the door behind her. Then she leans back heavily against it, her heart pounding. When she has calmed down a bit she cleans herself up with some toilet tissue, and dresses in the jeans, T-shirt and underwear she stashed in the cupboard earlier. She texts Ryan to check that her Dad isn’t hanging around her room any more. It’s clear, so she goes back there and picks up the spy cam that she bought the night before; it’s disguised as a digital clock. She pops the SD card out of it and takes it over to her laptop. She looks at the beginning of the recording and checks that it was getting the action OK. It’s fine, so she pauses it and waits for Ryan. He turns up a few minutes later and she still feels sad seeing him with clothes on. He smiles at her and gives her the thumbs up, then sits down next to her. She puts her arm round him and hugs him tight. Before he sees the tape she decides that honesty is the best policy in this case. “Full disclosure, I played with myself before he came in, so when he felt me up he would think I was all wet for him, and ... I got even wetter when he was playing with me.” Ryan just smiles and gives her a little kiss. “That’s cool. Great minds think alike actually.” he replies. She is a bit confused but lets it go for now.

They watch the whole recording and it’s pretty much what she was expecting, with the exception of her Dad’s cock. It really is impressive, lucky Mom! She finds herself hoping that Ryan inherited those genes, and that maybe he still has some growing to do. Then she feels guilty and thinks that Ryan is lovely just as her is, mostly.

Afterwards Ryan delves into a pocket and pulls out his own SD card.

The plan here was for Ryan to tell his Mother that he hit a kerb while cycling, that his hands came off the handlebars and he hit his groin on the crossbar. When she wants to check him out, he should insist that they do it upstairs in his room. When there, he should position himself in the spot they picked on edge of the bed.

The start of the recording shows her Mother helping him to the bed, and it is clear already that the location they picked for the spy cam is perfect. The video initially shows her Mom comforting Ryan, holding his head to her chest. Then she holds him by the shoulders and he nods at her. He stands up and she kneels in front of him, then she gently pulls his shorts down to his ankles, then his underpants follow. Hannah is surprised to see that his cock is soft, it so rarely is. She pauses the recording and looks at him quizzically. “That’s what I meant before. I thought it would look strange if I had a stiffy so I jerked off in the garage before I came in. I know the rule ... but I was thinking about you ... about your bottom actually.” God, she thinks, he is so sweet, and gives him a big, fond kiss. She restarts the tape and her Mother is cradling his balls in her hand, then she wraps her other hand around his flaccid penis. It looks like she asked him something and he nods. “She asked me if it feels OK so far.” Ryan explains. Her Mom then starts to move the hand on his penis up and down gently. Pretty soon Ryan gets hard. Hannah swallows at the sight, it seems like ages since she has seen it, and she can feel herself starting to get aroused. Her Mom then kisses the end of his penis before taking the head into her mouth. This is pretty much how they thought it would go, and it looks like their plan is a success, so far at least. Then her Mother leans back and undoes her blouse and takes it off. She then reaches around her back and takes her bra off as well. Her Mom’s new breasts are exposed and Hannah thinks they look amazing. A lot of falsies have weird shapes but her Mom’s look like a teenager’s only super-sized. Hannah feels her pussy tingle at the sight of them. Then her Mom leans forward and uses her hands to push her tits together around Ryans cock. Hannah feels her clit go all achy and throbby as she watches her Mom start to wank Ryan off between those magnificent orbs. She takes Ryans hand and puts it between her legs. Ryan gives her a little squeeze, but then takes his hand away. He shakes his head and whispers “Patience, soon.” to her. He is absolutely right, this is not time to be taking unnecessary risks. Good thing one of them is not thinking with their naughty bits. Hannah crosses her legs and clenches down hard. When he cums, it goes all over her Mom’s chin and her breasts. Hannah stops the recording; she has seen enough.

A bit later on they split up and each tells one parent that they should come to the lounge. When they get there Hannah and Ryan are waiting, standing in front of the sofa, and she indicates that they should sit down. Hannah says nothing, but takes her phone out and opens the photo library. They have picked the most incriminating bits from the videos and captured a still of them. Hannah goes over to her Father and shows him a picture, angled so that her Mom can’t see it. It shows him, his penis fully erect, apparently just about to fuck his daughter. His face blanches. She then shows her Mother a shot of Ryan cumming all over her naked breasts. Her Mom looks similarly shocked. She goes back to Ryan and when she turns around they both look absolutely terrified. Hannah feels obliged to calm things down a bit. “Don’t panic, we’re not going to report you, we don’t hate you or anything, we’re not even really that upset about it.” They look a bit relieved. “We have, however, uploaded copies of both videos to secure servers. Just in case.” She adds. “Some things are going to change though ... The main one is that, from now on, Ryan and I will be sleeping in the same room.” She pauses at this point to let that sink in. Both of their faces go through rapid changes of emotions, finally ending up with resignation; they know that there really is nothing they can do about it. “OK?” She asks them. They both nod. “Secondly, you will never come into our bedroom when the door is closed. OK?” They nod again. “Other than that we want to carry on as we were before, just one big happy family, yes?” They look a bit happier and say “Yes.” together, but without much enthusiasm.

She takes Ryan’s hand and they turn to go. Hannah looks over her shoulder. “One more thing, I’ll need a new bed, mine’s not big enough.” She is improvising now and decides to go for it. “In the meantime we’ll be sleeping in your room. Is that OK?” They look pretty pissed off, but nod grudgingly, and Hannah and Ryan leave the room.

They go into their parents bedroom and close the door behind them, then they turn to face each other. Initially they look solemn, but they can’t keep it up for long, and jump into each other’s arms, whooping and jumping around like mad things. “It worked! We did it. Now we can be together whenever we want!” she cries joyfully.

At this point Ryan has to go to the loo, it turns out he has been bursting ever since they rounded up her folks. She decides that this is a good time to prepare for today’s lesson. Then she realises that she’s forgotten to bring her new vibrator with her. She curses herself, and is about to get dressed to fetch it, when she remembers throwing her Mother’s under their bed. She fetches it out and puts it under the pillow, adding the lube which she did remember to put in her pocket earlier.

When he coms back from the toilet she immediately attacks his clothing, frantically pulling at buttons and zips until finally he is naked again. His prick is standing up proud, and now he looks like her Ryan again.

“New rule,” She says, “no clothes in the bedroom.” He takes this to heart and strips her, which is not easy, her jeans are skin tight, but he is determined and will not be denied.

When she is naked they hug and kiss passionately, and she feels his hard penis poking at her stomach. She puts her hand on it and pushes it down until she can slip it between her upper thighs. Then she moves forward and wriggles her ass until it slips between her cheeks, and rests on her asshole. She sighs and rotates her hips slowly, making it rub delightfuly on her anus. She has been thinking about having Ryan’s cock in her ass since yesterday on the sunbed, and she’s very close to achieving that now.

Regretfully, but knowing better is to come, she slips off him and leads him to the bed. Then she climbs onto it, getting onto her hands and knees, she has been planning for this and knows exactly how she wants it to go. She switches to her SM voice. “Tonights lesson will be on the theme of anal sex.” She says, while stroking her bottom with one hand. “When I tell you I want you to place your glans against my anus, she touches her asshole with a fingertip to indicate the location, “and very gently push against it, until the head goes in.” Ryan is smiling like all his Christmas’s have come at once. “When your glans is in my rectum I want you to stop. At this point I will take over and control how much of your penis is inside me. Do you understand me so far?” His cock is like an iron bar. “Yes, Miss” He says meekly. “Before you put your penis in me you will coat it with this” she pulls the lube out from under the pillow. “It is lubricant, or lube, and it will help with the..., erm..., process” “When your penis is inside me I will place this...” she gets the vibrator from under the pillow and shows it to him, his eyebrows go way up. “into my vagina, this is called double penetration, or DP for short.” From what she has read this is supposed to be amazing, and she can’t wait to try it. Ryan’s eyes are wide open now, and she thinks his cock is even harder, which she didn’t think was actually possible. “Can anybody tell me what this is for?” Indicating the clit tickler. “Is it to stimulate the clitoris Miss?” “Exactly. Well done that boy.” “Miss?” “Yes, what is it?” She responds in an exasperated tone. “Isn’t all this very naughty Miss?” he asks in a tiny voice. “Weeell, yes. Yes, I suppose it is.” Her voice sounds a bit unsure. “Are you being a bad girl, Miss?” His voice is a bit firmer now. “A dirty girl? A very dirty girl?” She hangs her head in shame. “Yes ... Sir” she says in a whisper. “You know what I’m going to have to do you now? Don’t you young lady?” His voice is full of authority now. She nods. “And what is that?” “Are you going to have to spank me? Sir.” Her voice is soft and high-pitched like a frightened little girl. “That’s right.” He reaches out his hand and strokes her bottom, just barely touching her. He fondles her ass for minutes running his hands over the curves of each cheek, over and over, very softly. The anticipation is killing her, she is covered in goosebumps and quivering all over. Finally he raises his hand, she tenses..., then he starts stroking again, and again, and again. “Just fucking do it! Sir!” She shouts. “Rude!...,” He slaps one cheek, hard. “ ... girl!” He slaps the other cheek, just as hard. She has never done this before and it really hurts but it feels incredible. He starts to stroke her softly again, caressing both cheeks. “Bad!...,” Slap. “girl!”. Her ass is really stinging now but it is a good pain, a wonderful pain, her cheeks feel burning hot and they are tingling like mad. When he strokes them they are amazingly sensitive and she shivers all over; she can feel her juices flooding her pussy and running down her leg. Now, when he is stroking her, his fingers start to graze over her sex, and she pushes her ass back, trying to make the contact harder. But the touch is just fleeting and she can’t get the hard contact she needs. Slap. “Have you had enough yet young lady?” He is still stroking her bottom as he asks, his fingertips still occasionally dipping between her pussy lips. She’s actually not sure, and hesitates. His fingertips graze her asshole. “Yes Sir.” She replies instantly, a hint of desperation in her voice.

He climbs onto the bed behind her and covers her burning ass cheeks with tiny kisses. It feels so, so good. “Bad, bad, bad, girl” he breathes onto her asshole, and kisses it gently, then he stops, nothing. She pushes her ass back at him as far as she can, arching her back, spreading her cheeks wide, begging with her ass for him to touch her more. “Please, please!, touch me!” She begs him. Then she feels it, the coolness of the lube as he smears it all over her asshole and then he pushes his finger inside and works the lube around.! Oh God, she thinks, please let him do it, now, she can’t bear it any longer. Then she feels the smooth head of his cock touch her little asshole and she pushes back, engulfing the head easily. It feels so wonderful. She stops there for a few moments just savouring the sensations. Then she picks up the vibrator and licks it, covering it with her saliva, and then presses it over her clit. She feels her ass squeeze hard on his cock as her whole groin clenches, and she can hear him groan in response. She knows that she would cum very quickly if she carried on like this, but she promised him more. She pushes back on him and his cock slides into her ass about half way and it feels incredible. She thinks that maybe that he’s stimulating her G-spot through her ass, it even feels a bit like he’s actually in her vagina. She needs more, and she pushes the vibrator all the way in to her cunt until the tickler touches her clit. She can feel the vibrator and his cock almost touching each other through her pussy walls, and she feels stretched and full in a way she never has before, it is glorious. Then she switches it on and her whole groin seems to light up like a Christmas tree. She pushes hard back against him and he takes his cue, grabbing her hips and thrusting into her, meeting her pushing back at him. When he is fully embedded in her she can feel him all smooth against her ass and is hugely grateful for his genius idea to be shaved, it feels lovely. Their pace rises rapidly until he is driving into her like a jack-hammer. Then he rises up over her and his thrusts push her flat down onto the bed, this also forces the tickler hard up against her clit increasing her stimulation even further. The bed is making an incredible racket and she wonders what her parents, in the room below, must be thinking. But of course, she knows exactly what they are thinking and then wonders if they are touching themselves, or each other... “Oh...! God...!” she cries out, she can feel something extraordinary building inside her whole groin. “Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!” She is almost screaming now. Then she cums; she cums in her ass and her vagina and her clit all at once and it almost blows her mind. She is shaking violently and feels a desperate need to move. She pushes out with an arm and leg, trying to turn over. Ryan gets the idea and helps her, and together they manage to flip over, his cock still firmly embedded in her ass. Her exertions have pushed the vibrator out, but she knows she doesn’t need it, she can feel that she is almost cumming again already. He resumes pummelling her asshole while also reaching round to maul at her breasts and nipples. This time it a huge orgasm in her ass and her whole body jerks time and again, her asshole crushing down on his cock with each spasm, and it just keeps going as he rams into her. Then she feels him fill her ass with his warm seed and, with one final explosion in her ass, she is done. He tries to grab her pussy but it is too much and she closes her legs, waving weakly at him with both arms to stop; she can’t take any more.

She lies there, basking in the afterglow of their lovemaking, his cock softening inside her, and his arms around her, holding her safe. He is kissing her neck and she wonders how on earth they are going to top this. She is very much looking forward to trying. Then she spots the TV in the corner of the room. Oooh!, she thinks, Euphoria in bed! I must get Daddy to get me one of those for my room.
