I was out on tour to Orissa working in Sales. So after the days work I came back to the Hotel and sat down next to the window. The Hotel was just next to a slum and my room was on the first floor. Since I had not got a good response from the market I was looking out of the window sitting and working my plan for the next day. Though my eyes were roaming around but my mind was on for fresh sales and idea. Just when this was going on I heard a banging of a door. I looked down at the slum I noticed a man standing in front of the door and knocking at the door in the slum. He was knocking away and after some time a light lit inside the hut. I noticed that there was a big window and as the light was off I couldn't see the inside. As the light was on I saw a girl around 18 years lying on a bed and a lady around 38/40 years went and opened the door. Since the window was big and no question of a grill I could see nearly  of the room.
As the door opened the man went in but by that time the lady which I presume to be his wife walked next to a table and was doing something. The man went from behind and put his hands around the breast of the lady. As he did the lady pushed his hands away. Again that person tried to squeeze her breast again she pushed him away. She was not wearing any blouse or bra. So when ever he put his hands around, the breast appeared from the side of her saree and she pushed it back and covered her breast with the saree. He was kissing her on the neck and putting the hands on her shoulder and she resisted with some words. I from my window could see the action but couldn't hear the words. Then she moved herself from that position and sat down. The man started talking to her and pointing to the girl who was sleeping. The girl was sleeping with a petticoat and a blouse. After a bit of finger movement towards the lady the man turned towards the girl and started pressing her breast. One hand was on the girl's breast and other was trying to lift her petticoat. His lips were on the girl's lips and kissing her when she woke up and jumped up. By this time the lady got up in a hurry and started stopping her from her action. So both the ladies were pushing him away and his hands turned towards the ladies breast. He started pulling her breast and both started pushing him back. He stopped and a discussion started amongst the three with the lady pushing the girl out of the room and closing it. The girl went out and bent down to see inside the room and sat down. Inside the room the lady closed the door and turned back towards the man. The man opened his pant out and took out his dick. The lady knelled down and held his cork very unwillingly. She shook it for a minute and put it in his mouth. Though she was very stiff initially but as she started sucking she was softening out. The man put his hand down and was playing and pressing her breast.
The girl outside was looking here and there and seeing nobody around she was peeping through the broken door. She had her hand into her petticoat and watching inside and fingering herself.
I was sitting in the window and watching both the side and enjoying myself. I notice that my cork was swelling in the pant and I wanted to do something but with whom. Once I was looking at the lady once the girl. The man was enjoying his suck; he caught her shoulder picked her up and put her on the bed. He opened his pant and took out his cork. He picked up the ladies saree and put his hand around her pussy. Then he got on top of her and guided his dick into her pussy. The outside by this time was getting wild; she was fingering herself hard and she had lifted one of her legs in the air.
Inside the man was holding on to the lady and running his cork to and forth into her pussy. The lady's lip was open I think she now enjoying it. Till the man started humping hard and he came. He kept it inside for about a couple of seconds and then took it out. The man got up and started putting on his pants. The girl outside noticed them finishing; so she also moved from the door and sat down next to the entrance. The man after putting on his pants opened the door came out and whilst going off saw the girl sitting went near her, put his hand out and pressed her boobs. She looked at him but did not say anything. He left her boobs and pressed her pussy from top of her petticoat. She silently stood and after about a couple of presses passed some comment and went away. Now the scene was the lady inside was lying on the bed; she had put down her petticoat and covered her breast with her saree and the girl outside was once again sitting down at the entrance and with all this going on I had taken out my cork in the hand and slowly rubbing it. The girl looked inside once and while looking here and there her eyes looked up at the hotel and saw me sitting at the window. She put her head down and after sometime looked back again and saw me looking at her. She got up and went inside and started talking to the other lady and then both of them came and closed the window. But by this time I had become horny and I wanted to fuck one of them. The girl after a couple of minutes came and sat again. I started making signs for her to come to my hotel but she signed back to say that she could not come to the hotel but if I wanted I could go to her hut. I was in two minds so I requested once again to come but she repeated that they would not be allowed to enter the hotel. So with grate courage I decided of going to the slum. I walked out of the hotel and took the right turn and through narrow lanes went and stood in front of the hut. I saw the girl standing outside. She saw me and started talking something in their language. I couldn't follow what she said but she hand movement made me understand that she was inviting me inside.
I bend my head down as the door was low and went inside. A lantern was burning inside the room and the lady was still lying down. She saw me come in smiled and said something. I also smiled back and started comparing the two. The lady seemed much superior. She started talking in her local language and through hand expression I could make out. That the girl was her daughter and her husband has gone to Calcutta looking for a job. Since she never had a husband one of the local boys would come and harass her. While the mother was talking the daughter was sitting next to me. While I was concentrating trying to understand the story the girl had next her hand on my thigh. I was feeling bad as the mother was sitting in front and watching.
I looked at her and smiled and she caught my dick from top of my pants. The mother seeing her daughter got up and in the process her breast came out of her saree. They were nice round and would be around 36 size. My eyes feel on them and she while putting it back looked at me and saw me looking hard at her breast. She asked me if I wanted some tea and I said yes. I put my hand in the pocket took out some money and gave her mother. She took the money and said something to her daughter and the daughter pressed my dick hard and got up opened the door with a container. The mother followed her and closed the door. She came near me and stood after speaking something took out her breast in her hand. I took my hand up and took the breast from her. It was nice and tight. I started embracing it and twisting the nipples. She slowly knelled were I was sitting and closed her eyes. I moved the saree from her front and the two apples were in front. I was enjoying pressing her boobs when the door knocked. The mother went and opened out the door and the daughter came in. She handed over the container to the mother and sat next to me. She put her hands on the petticoat and took out a packet of condoms for me. I put it into my pocket and straight went for her blouse. The mother was busy pouring tea in plastic cups and I had opened her daughter's blouse. As I opened her blouse little breast would be about 28/30 size appeared. I held on to them and pressed and turned there nipple. The girl was getting exited she had her hand on top of my dick above the pant and was pressing them. The mother turned around and served me the tea. She sat looking at our action and sipped at her tea. After her tea was finished she got up and to help her daughter opened my pant. She then pulled out my underwear to make me nude. I by this time had up my hand into her petticoat and my fingers were playing with her pubic hair. I pulled my hand out and opened the daughter's petticoat. She was nude in front of me and her mother was holding my cork. I went to bend down and the mother caught me and put me straight. She put her hand on her daughter's head and pulled her to my dick to suck. The daughter put her mouth on the dick but couldn't suck properly. So she took it out of her mouth and put it into her and started sucking. She showed how to do it to the daughter and gave it to her and she started sucking. Though the girl was sucking well but the couple of seconds the mother sucked it was mind blowing. The girl was busy sucking my cork and the mother was standing next to me. I put my hands around her and lifted her saree along with the petticoat. I put my fingers into her pussy and started fucking it. The pleasure I was getting was enormous. I moved my left hand and moved her saree and took the breast and started squeezing it. After a couple of minutes the daughter left my cork and got up. As she left I took out my right hand from the mother's petticoat and pulled her head towards my cork. She understood and she held on my cork and put it into her mouth.
I put one hand on the daughter's breast and the other I put it into her pussy. Now I was fucking the daughter with first one finger then two and the whole room was humming with a moaning. I was getting so exited I was finding it difficult to keep. So I moved the mother's face from my dick and slowly pushed the daughter to the bed. As she lay on the bed I took out the condom and wore them. I got on top of the daughter and the mother caught my cork and guided it into her daughter's pussy. It was already wet and my cork went in smoothly. She made a low noise and I started pushing my cork up and down slowly. I put my hand out and held her mother's hand and pulled her close. I started playing with her breast and turning her nipples whilst I was fucking her daughter. She had her hands on her daughter's breast and slowly messaging. I started feeling the girl's cunt getting tight and she caught on to me. I could feel her cum from top of my condom. The lady while I was playing with her breast had sat down on the bed. So I pushed her a little and she lay next to the daughter. I pulled my cork out of the daughter's pussy and lifting the mother's saree and with her help guided the cork into her pussy. By this time her daughter was lying on the side resting and looking at us. I was pushing deep down and bringing up she was enjoying it. She caught on to me tight and both of us started swaying. This went all till we both came. I could feel her cum and I put my hand to feel that it was flowing from the side into her thigh. I put my hand out and pulled the girl and we three clubbed together. My cork was still implanted in her mother's pussy. My cork had slowly gone down but the three of us kept rubbing each other. After sometime the mother got up to wash herself and the girl and myself we rubbing our cork against the pussy. This did not take long for us and my cork was up again. I took out another condom and as I went to put it on she caught me and took it from me and helped me to put it on. As was it I picked her up and made her sit on my cork. With both legs split and her cunt widened my cork went fully inside. She started riding like a horse. The mother had washed and came in to see her riding me. She said something in their language and started laughing. She was least bothered about the words and went on till she fired. I turned her around and after fucking her really hard; I discharged. We lay entangled for sometime and then got up. I got up dressed and through my action we thanked each other. It was a beautiful experience. During the next couple of days stay I was regular. But I never went to there place but I bribed the night guard so that they could come at night to the hotel room.
________