I am really happy that I was born at this point in history. If I was born lets just say 20 years ago....

I couldn't make a living doing what I do.

I couldn't be out to ANYONE.

Grindr wouldn't exist.

Yesterday I was sitting on my couch, wearing only a pair of white speedos and working on a super hot speedo photo set (if you are nice to me I will post some pics from that on here tomorrow). As you can imagine - when I'm hard at work, I am sometime 'HARD' at work.

I've had a Grindr account for a while but I don't use it much although I'd had some great times using it.

So instead of jacking off in my speedos I picked up my mobile and logged into Grindr for the first time since I've been here in San Francisco. WOW!!! I couldn't believe the number of guys that were online at 2pm in the afternoon who were ready to hook up.

I ended up talking to this guy on Grindr chat who was visiting some relative of his. He was an Aussie guy from Coffs Harbour, told me he had a speedo tan, a pair of speedos in his suitcase and he was bored. Sounded great to me!!!

He was staying just down the street so I gave him directions and 10, maybe 15 minutes later there was a knock at the door.

I didn't think I needed to change my attire so when I opened the door Mr. Aussie Visitor was greeted by my raging boner stretching the hell out of the front of my white speedos.

There wasn't much conversation, I stepped up 2 steps, sat down, spread my legs and Mr. Aussie Visitor was licking my cock through the white lycra of my speedos. As I said at the beginning of this post - I WAS REALLY HORNY!!!! So it didn't take long until I was moaning, moaning and then cumming in Mr. Aussie Visitors mouth.

He didn't spill a drop and when my cock finished pulsating in his mouth I pulled him up and kissed him.

It was a pretty intense kiss.

While kissing Mr. Aussie Visitor I reached down and felt his cock through shorts and his speedos (which I was very soon to learn were black). I thought it was time to take this upstairs to my apartment and I wanted to see Mr. Aussie Visitor in his speedos. I told him so much but I told him that my apartment was a 'Speedo Only Zone' - I've used this line before and just like the times before.... I didn't get any complaints.

I helped him take his shirt off to reveal a shaved/waxed smooth chest, some very very nice abs but I didn't have too much time to appreciate them just yet because my hands were already working the belt on his cargo shorts. Once done, I popped the button and rippled down the zipper. The white drawstring of his Tyr brand black speedos was tied in a bow and his cock was rock hard and hanging to the left (my right). I gave it a quick rub, turned around and started walking up my stairs.

All the while my cock, and balls for that matter, were still out the top of my white speedos and perhaps my cock might have softened a little bit in the 3 minutes since it left Mr. Aussie Visitors mouth you could not have known from how hard it was right now.

My stairs are very narrow, very steep and a lot of them since I'm on the 3rd floor and the entire way up I had one of Mr. Aussie Visitors hands on my arse, feeling my arse crack and slipping between my legs between steps.

Once we were in the living room it was my turn to treat Mr. Aussie Visitor.......

We were both kissing while I tried to direct Mr. Aussie Visitor over towards my couch. Once I got him lined up we actually got to press our bodies together. My hands were on his speedo clad arse while his hands were on the back of my head locking me into the kiss. Our cocks were also dry humping each other.

I didn't want to but I thought we were both about to cum in our speedos so I pushed Mr. Aussie Visitor backwards onto my couch. He was too caught up in what we were doing to realise that the couch was behind him and he flinched when I punched him back. We got a bit of a laugh but the laughter turned to moans as I repeated what Mr. Aussie Visitor did to me on the stairs and I started licking his cock through the black lycra of his speedo.

Instead of undoing the drawstring on Mr. Aussie Visitors black Tyr speedos and pulling his cock out.... I decided to try and make him cum inside his speedos.

While my mouth was literally trying to suck his penis out of the black lycra my right hand was rubbing his balls and lower shaft while my left hand was pinching his nipple. This took a little longer than if I just pulled his cock out which was exactly what I was hoping for.

When Mr. Aussie Visitor grabbed the hand that was pinching his nipple and started sucking two of my fingers I knew he was close.

And there is was.... the lycra at the tip of his cock (to the left and right against the waistband) showed that I had done a good 'job'.

When Mr. Aussie Visitor finally brought his breathing under control I undid the drawstring of his speedo and inspected the mess that he had made inside. I gave the tip of his cock a lick and he flinched for the 2nd time in 8 minutes.

With that kind of mess I suggested that the best way to clean up would be to have a shower of course.

That conversation pretty much doubled the spoken words between the two of us to this point - I suppose we had really talked on Grindr more than we had in person.

Not much more was spoken as we moved to the shower - I turned it on, we kept our speedos on and we got back to making out. This guy was a great passionate kisser. I was rock hard although he was getting a little soft after cumming in his speedos.

I thought I'd increase our spoken word count a little more and broke off our kiss and whispered in Mr. Aussie Visitors ear.

I want to be in your arse.....

With that Mr. Aussie Visitor didn't return to kissing me but turned around and started rubbing his butt against me.

I had to return to my bedroom for a tick to grab some lube and a franga (I grabbed 2) and when I returned Mr. Aussie Visitor was in the same position against the wall of the shower, semi bent over but now his speedo was pulled down at the back resting just under his butt cheeks.

Enjoying that sight I though to myself... that looks tasty enough to eat.

I actually had a giggle at the though which Mr. Aussie Visitor ignored or didn't hear.

Since it looked good enough to eat that is exactly what I did. I got on my knees, spread those firm cheeks of his and slowly licked from his belt line down to his arsehole. I didn't quite touch his arsehole. Then I dug real deep and licked up towards his arsehole, again not quite touching it with my tongue.

It sounded like Mr. Aussie Visitor was enjoying my tongues attention to his butt.

After a couple of seconds of just holding his cheeks apart I finally dove in and tongues his butt hole.

At some point I reached up between Mr. Aussie Visitors legs to grab his cock but it was already occupied as he was stroking away.

His moaning was pretty loud so I thought I better fuck this arse before he was spent. I picked the lube up off the bathroom floor, fingered in as much as I could (there is no such thing as too much lube when it comes to anal sex). I slipped on the condom and put one hand on Mr. Aussie Visitors left shoulder I asked him if he was ready.

I'm not quite sure what he said but it was between a moan, yes and ow yeah.

With my free hand I guided my cock towards his lubed up arsehole. When I found the entry I was looking for I rubbed the head of my cock around a little bit but I didn't have much of a chance because Mr. Aussie Visitor was pushing backwards.... hungry for my cock.

Normally I'd go slow but I didn't get much choice in it. Mr. Aussie Visitor was thrusting his hips even before I had an inch inside him and now I could make out what he was saying - "C'Mon just fuck ME!!!!"

So my first stroke was balls deep.

I was horny as all hell and I think it was my 4th stroke, maybe my 5th when the tight hole I was fucking became even tighter as Mr. Aussie Visitor started cumming for the 2nd time in about 14 minutes. It was about 3 more strokes because I was cumming for the 2nd time in 19 minutes.

And that was about it.

Mr. Aussie Visitor was only a visitor for a short time, he said little, came a lot (mostly inside his black speedo) and since we only ever spoke on Grindr and he flies out in 2 days I'm not sure I'll ever see him again.

Kinda sad but kinda hot as well.