Mike saw the rubber band dangling from the doorknob, and cursed into the freshman dorm's empty hallway.
He'd laughed when his roommate had suggested the rubber band signal to each other for when they had a girl in the room. He wasn't laughing now.
On this Friday after Thanksgiving, the hallway, the building, and the campus were all nearly empty. It had to be a million to one that his roommate and his roommate's girlfriend would still be on campus.
But they were, and he was shut out of his room. Again!
Then he noticed the yellow post-it note by the doorknob.
"Mike, Emily's here too. Could you stay with her tonight? I owe you one buddy. Jim."
Emily was Sarah's roommate. Mike envisioned Sarah behind the locked door with her legs wrapped around Jim. He thought about listening at the door for the little chipmunk sounds Jim said she made when making love. But that would only add to his frustration, so he headed for Sarah and Emily's room on the floor above theirs.
The door was open as he approached their room, in contrast to every other room on the floor. He hoped that Sarah had thought to tell Emily about this brilliant plan. He knocked softly on the door jam, hoping the break in the building's silence didn't startle her.
Emily turned from the thick textbook on the desk in front of her. "Hi Mike, ya'll come on in," she said cordially. "I've been expecting you."
Emily was a pre-med student, and was very serious about her studies. Mike caught the scent of the well used yellow highlighter in her hand. She had the classic look of a young librarian, with black-framed glasses, her blond hair pinned down on top of her head. She generally dressed in a no-nonsense, functional style, with jeans and bulky sweatshirts, or loose fitting sweaters. Tonight she was wearing a big purple sweatshirt with "Huskies" written across the chest.
Emily eyed the bulging backpack Mike had on his back. "Aren't you supposed to be taking a break from studying?" she asked dryly. Mike knew she was teasing him. Their roommates were so horny that he had spent more than enough time with Emily to recognize her subtle but keen sense of humor.
Mike was a computer science major, and was equally as serious about his studies, which Emily well knew. She also knew without asking that Mike had been at the computer science lab, taking advantage of the ready access to the servers while everyone else was away on vacation. Although he lived here in Seattle, that extra access was why he'd only gone home for Thanksgiving dinner, before coming back to campus.
"Just a little light reading," he replied, just as dryly, dropping the pack on Sarah's desk with a heavy thump.
"I take it you've heard about our roomies' plans for us tonight?" she asked.
"I just read about it on a post it note stuck on my door."
"They didn't even give you a chance to pack a tooth brush?" she asked with feigned shock.
Mike smiled ruefully. "Nope. But I've been at the lab all day. They probably couldn't stand to wait any longer."
Emily smiled. It was a smile Mike hadn't seen from her before. It was a little sly; and it was... knowing.
"Well I guess I can understand that," she said, and garnished it with a soft sigh.
"I can understand it too, in principle anyway," said Mike. "Sounds like you have a boyfriend back at home?"
"Uh, no, not really," she said, sounding somewhat startled by the question.
Mike started to pull textbooks out of his backpack.
"Not really?" he asked, almost immediately regretting it. He thought he was probably getting too personal. But she seemed to recover fairly quickly from the initial surprise.
"I did have a boyfriend, but he decided to stay close to home and go to UT. We both agreed a long distance romance wouldn't work for us."
"So he went to Texas?" Mike asked innocently. From earlier conversations Mike knew she was from Knoxville. Being a Seattleite, he couldn't tell one southern accent from another, so he'd asked her about hers. He was instinctively giving her the opportunity to change the subject if she wanted to.
She recognized what he was doing, and gratefully took the 'out' he offered. "The University of Tennessee is the only true 'UT'," she said with righteous indignation.
"But of course. I stand corrected," he replied, but his words were belied by his unapologetic smile.
She couldn't help but smile back at him. "I've got another half hour of biology reading to do today. Have you had dinner?" she asked. The dorm's cafeteria and every other eatery on campus were all closed.
"Nope."
"Want to split a pizza?"
"As long as it doesn't have pineapple on it."
"Deal."
She called the local pizza parlor and placed the order, with instructions for the driver to call her cell phone when he reached the building's front door. They both settled down in the room's back to back study desks to get in some reading before it arrived.
When Emily's cell phone chirped, Mike went downstairs to retrieve the pie, while Emily got a couple cokes from the floor's vending machine.
They sat on the floor with their backs against Emily's bed, the pizza box between them, and dove in.
"So what about you all?" she asked between bites. He knew what she meant before she completed the thought. "You're a local boy... no girlfriend in town?
"Nope. I went on a few dates, but... I didn't really sync up with any of them "
She raised her eyebrows at him. "Sync up?"
He frowned slightly. "You know... click. It seemed like the conversations were more work than anything. We couldn't find common things to talk about, and they had to try too hard to be interested in what I'm into, so..."
His voice trailed off, and he shrugged. "I guess being such a computer geek doesn't help. There don't seem to be many girls interested in that stuff."
Then he chuckled. "And of course I get a roommate that hooks up with a girl the first week he's in town! There's just no justice in this world."
"I think Sarah is just enjoying being away from home for the first time," replied Emily. "I don't think they're serious, they're just having fun."
"Humph," snorted Mike.
"What?" asked Emily.
"Nothing."
She could tell from his pouting face it wasn't 'nothing.' She thought she knew what was bothering him, but hesitated to go there.
"Mike... don't worry about it. You'll find a girl that 'clicks and syncs.' You're a nice guy." She saw a slight blush come to his cheeks. She reached over and ruffled his hair.
"Want me to set up some dates for you? I know some girls that like the quiet sensitive type."
He looked troubled, and Emily realized she must have said something wrong. "Or not," she added hurriedly.
"I just don't seem to be good at blind dates, Emily. I mean, I have lots of friends that are girls. We get to know each other over time, you know? Like, without the pressure of a date - so I don't have to be entertaining and charming at a specific point in time."
He frowned. "But then the girls that I'm friends with, they don't seem to want to be more than friends. I'm kind of tired of being the nice, safe friend, you know? Guys that aren't that nice to girls seem to have all the dates they want."
He looked at her apologetically. "Sorry to dump all that on you, Emily."
She gave him a somewhat enigmatic smile. "That's okay, Mike," she said gently. They were silent for a while as the pizza rapidly disappeared. When it was gone, they continued to sit on the floor drinking their cokes. Emily was the first to resume the conversation.
"Let me see if I've got this right," she began. "You have lots of friends that are girls?"
"Right."
"But they don't want to be more than friends?"
"Right."
"How do you know?" she probed.
"How do I know what?"
"How do you know that one of the girls that's your friend isn't interested in being more than a friend?"
He stopped and thought about it, then said slowly, "I guess I don't really know how I know, when you put it that way." He frowned in thought. "I mean, wouldn't she say something? Or maybe let me know some other way?" he asked.
"Like what other way," prompted Emily. He realized she was using the Socratic Method on him. He hated the Socratic Method.
"Well... maybe she would, uh, show an interest in what I'm studying, for example."
"Oh," she replied. "Like, knowing what classes you're taking, and that you have to spend a lot of time at the computer lab? Stuff like that?"
"Yeah. Like that."
"Okay. What else would she do?" she prompted him.
"Uh... I'd be interested in what classes she was taking."
"I see," she replied. "Like, she could have a different major than computer science, like English, or medicine or something, but you'd still find it interesting to talk about."
"Yeah!"
"All right. What else?"
He really did hate the Socratic Method. "Uh, I don't know... She'd be easy to talk to?"
"Ah, good one. So, you'd be comfortable talking to her about personal stuff?"
"Yeah, right!"
"You could maybe tell her things that are bothering you, and she'd listen? She'd offer advice without making fun of you?"
"Yeah. That's a big one. I don't do well when I have to be watching what I say all the time."
"Yeah. Same here." She picked up the empty pizza box and stood up.
She started for the door to take the box to the big garbage cans by the elevators. She paused in the doorway. "Don't worry Mike," she said, with that same enigmatic smile. "I'm sure you'll run across someone like that eventually."
"But when!" he called down the hallway after her.
He went to the window to look out into the night, as if the girl of his dreams might be walking by. Where would he find a girl like that? When would he find a girl like that?
As he turned away from the window, he glanced down at all the biology and chemistry books that were on Emily's desk. 'Wow, ' he thought distractedly. 'I don't think I could ever be pre-med... I mean it's interesting to talk to Emily about it, but I couldn't do it myself... '
He stared down at the books some more, retracing his earlier thoughts. 'Someone that's easy to talk to... someone that knows about you going to the computer lab all the time... someone you can tell personal things to... someone... '
"Shit!" he said aloud.
"What?" said Emily as she rounded the doorway into the room.
"Uh, nothing, uh, I mean, I was thinking about something else," he stammered.
She walked across the room to stand in front of him. Close, in front of him. Closer than he remembered her ever standing before.
"Like what?" she asked with a slight grin curving her lips. Had she always had such nice full lips? I mean, they could give Angelina Jolie a run for her money, they were a really interesting shade of pink too, were they just that color naturally, or did she have lipstick on, it looked like... He realized with a start that she was awaiting his reply.
"I was, uh, you know, thinking about, uh, some of the stuff we were talking about before."
"Oh," she replied. She seemed to somehow float another inch or two closer to him. She reached up and took off her glasses, placing them on her desk. Damn, had her eyes always been so brightly blue? They seemed to be mesmerizing him...
"And, uh, I think I, maybe, uh, know what you were, uh, you know, helping me see."
Emily reached up to the top of her head. With a couple deft moves, her blond hair came cascading down to reach her shoulders, framing her face in a backdrop of glowing softness.
"And what do you see?" she asked softly, levitating even closer to his chest, which was rising and falling ever more rapidly.
He took a deep breath in, and then slowly let it out.
"You," he said simply.
Her grin grew larger. "You're a smart guy, Mike. Have I told you that I like smart guys?"
Mike grinned back at her. "I'm glad," he said, as he reached for her with trembling hands.
They came together slowly, their lips touching softly for a gentle exploratory kiss. It was followed by several others until Emily stopped and looked up into his eyes.
"I want to make love to you, Mike."
As they resuming kissing, Mike's body began dumping various chemicals into his blood stream in unprecedented quantities. Emily felt him trembling in excitement.
She pulled he lips away from him, grasped one of his hands in hers, and led him to her bed.
"Sit down, Mike," she said softly. When they were sitting side be side, she gently grasped his face in both hands. "Relax, Mike. I know you're excited... so am I." She leaned forward to give him another soft kiss. "We have plenty of time."
"I'm sorry, it just that, uh, you know, I've never..."
"Mike, don't worry. I have. I'll help you. Okay?" she said tenderly.
He again took in a big breath in, and let it out slowly. "Okay."
"In case you're worried about it, I'm on the pill, and I haven't been with anyone since I had a physical. And you're, uh, safe, right?"
He smiled sheepishly. "The safest there is."
She grinned back. "Alright. Shall we get undressed?"
They both slowly began to take their clothes off, smiling as they revealed themselves to each other. Mike had his first surprise as Emily's big sweatshirt hit the floor.
"Oh my goodness," he breathed, which made Emily giggle.
Revealed before his eyes was a broad shouldered girl whose voluptuous chest was bulging over a lacy white bra. Her breasts were riding high and proud over a v shaped torso. As she next stepped out of her jeans, he saw that her body's outline tapered down to a slender waist, before the flaring of her hips. She was wearing lacy white bikini panties that were a match to the bra. Her legs were long and firm, balanced over what looked to be tiny feet with pink painted toenails.
With her glasses off, hair down, and stripped to her underwear, she looked like a playboy playmate.
"Close your mouth, Mike," she said with a laugh.
"But Emily, my god — you're absolutely gorgeous!"
"Why thank you, kind sir," she replied. To his unspoken question, she said, "I had a hard time getting people to take me seriously in class back home. I was a cheerleader, dated the quarterback, and everyone assumed I was an airhead. That's the main reason I broke up with my boyfriend. He couldn't understand why it bothered me.
"So I came here to make a fresh start, where people didn't know me just for, well, these," she said, reaching up to gently squeeze her breasts.
Mike involuntarily moaned as their flesh rose even higher as she touched them. He was down to his boxers, and there was an enormous tent in the front. He was so captivated by her beauty that he forgot to be nervous about his own appearance.
"I'll show you mine if you show me yours," she said teasingly. She hooked her thumbs into the sides of her underwear, and cocked her head to one side. Mike got the message and did the same. Then they simultaneously pulled them down.
It was Emily's turn to stare. "Oh Mike," she said reverently. "You're beautiful too," she cooed. "Emily's a lucky girl, lucky girl, lucky girl!"
"Really?" said Mike.
"Oh yes. Really." She paused and looked at him with the sly expression he had first seen earlier tonight. "I have to confess something, Mike."
"What's that?"
"Well, Jim told Sarah that you were rather, uh, large. And she happened to mention it to me." Her grin became lecherous. "And they were right!"
He grinned somewhat proudly. "Well gee, thanks."
"You're welcome," she said with another giggle. She then reached behind her and unclipped her bra, exposing her large breasts to his rapturous gaze.
"Let's sit down again, Mike."
Mike was startled. He hadn't realized breasts could talk before. He raised his eyes back to her face somewhat sheepishly. They sat together on the bed again.
"See what I mean?" she said. "Back home, I had a different kind of problem. Instead of having friends that don't want to be lovers, I had lots of people that wanted to be my lover before we ever became friends. Because all they saw were my tits.
"That's what attracted me to you, Mike. You became my friend first." She reached down and gently grasped his erect penis. "And now you're going to be my lover."
"Oh, Emily," Mike stammered.
"It's okay Mike," she said. "I understand. Go ahead. Let it go."
With that, before he could respond, she lowered her face to his crotch. As he squirmed against the hand that was holding him, she gently slid her tongue back and forth on the underside of his cock.
"Oh, shit!" he exclaimed as in moments his balls contracted against her hand, and she felt his organ pulse against her tongue. His semen launched upward in powerful spurts, as Emily shifted her grip on him to slide upward between contractions, and downward against his body's instinctive need to thrust at the moment of climax.
"Wow," he gasped as he fell backward onto the bed. Emily opened her desk drawer to get some tissues, which she used to dab up his spend from his stomach and legs.
"I'm glad I excite you so much," she said, before he had a chance to apologize for climaxing so fast.
He grinned and sat up to grab her and give her a kiss more forceful than any they had yet shared. His tongue thrust into her mouth, as his arms encircled her to pull her breasts into his chest.
"Thank you," he said simply. Then he pushed her torso down on her bed, and knelt on the floor between her legs.
"And just what do you think you're doing?" she demanded with a laugh.
"I honestly don't know," he replied. "Tell me what feels good." He dove in and began gently licking her from top to bottom. She reached her hands down to grasp his head, and began making gentle pushes or pulls to direct him.
"That's good Mike, yes... a little gentler baby... now, push it inside as far as you can, and wiggle it... uhhhhh... yes... okay, now, slowly lick my lips from the bottom to the top, then... oh yes, like that... then keep licking at the top... yeah, like thaaaat, just like that, right there, 'kay, a little faster... yes... oh... I'm starting to... uh... just a little harder noooowww... right there... oh...
"Oh!" she exclaimed, her thighs coming together to add to the power of her hands, holding his head to keep his frantically licking tongue right on top of her clit, as her belly clenched and trembled from the power of her orgasm.
Finally she pushed his head away as she gasped for air.
"Oh baby, that was nice," she breathed. He beamed proudly at her.
"How are you doing?" she asked.
He rose up from between her legs, high enough for his erect cock to peak over the edge of the bed at her, like the periscope of an approaching submarine.
"Oh, goody," she said. She patted the bed. "Lie down," she directed.
When he was in place, she assumed the cowgirl position over him. She leaned down and they shared a passionate kiss. Then she sat up and grasped his cock, holding it upward while she hovered over him.
"Ready?" she asked with a happy smile. "Silly question, I know."
"Ready," he replied.
She noted that though her heavy breasts were hanging in his face, and her strong legs held her pussy inches from his dick, that his eyes still met hers as he answered. Her pussy tingled with anticipation of his penetration. But it was her heart that warmed with the happiness she felt, as she prepared to give a gift of love to this boy that was her friend.
She rubbed the head against her sex to help lubricate the tip, and then held him still at her entrance as she lowered her weight against it. He really is a big boy, she thought, as at first it struggled to squeeze inside her. Then it snaked through, and the force she had to apply to have the head gain entry caused the first few inches to follow it in.
"Eek!" she squeaked out, as she stretched outwards to receive him. She held off further penetration for a moment, gently undulating over him. Then she resumed downward pressure.  
A few minutes later, she was beginning to wonder if she would be able to take all of him inside her. An inch or two remained outside, and she felt like she had no more room to offer. She moaned in pleasure and frustration, and began to rise and fall on what she could accommodate.
Mike had watched her struggle over him, thinking of computer algorithms and ugly sumo wrestlers. When she began to move up and down, he began to gently thrust upwards to meet her. Emily groaned as he did so, which encouraged him to grasp her hips and pull down as he thrust.
Emily's pussy began to throb as the fat invader stretched her opening and rubbed her insides. As they thrust together, the remaining length that had remained outside her belly slowly made its way into her clutching body.
She felt her orgasm building, seemingly starting from the tips of her pink toenails, rising upwards in a slow tidal wave of contraction. It finally reached her pussy, where its force exploded. Her body was so tightly clenched around him that she was gasping, unable to make any sound.
Her grip on him literally squeezed the orgasm out of him, and after a powerful thrust to achieve maximum penetration, he too became locked into place, where they trembled and strained rigidly against each other.
Soon they were able to loosen their muscles and release their grips on each other. Emily collapsed on his chest, as his hands stroked her back and thighs.
Eventually she rose up to let him fall from her body. She reached down to the end of the bed to grab some covers, which she pulled up over them as she nestled into his side.
They listened to each others breathing as it slowed, shared soft kisses and loving looks, until spent from their exertions, their eyes grew heavy, and they fell asleep in each others arms.

They awoke as the sun peaked in through the window in the morning. They shared morning kisses, and silent, happy reassurances that both had no regrets.
"Wow," said Mike eventually. "I'm sure glad Jim and Sarah hooked up last night."
Emily giggled, and he noticed she had assumed a smug expression.
"What?" he asked.
"Mike, I have another confession to make."
"Oh?"
"Sarah left with Jim to meet his parents yesterday morning."
"They left? But then..."
Emily reached up to her desk and grabbed a pad of yellow post-it notes to show him.
"You really don't know Jim's handwriting - do you?"