	Ziri shrugged as she hurried along the dark streets of Amputeeton. She was tired, overworked, and stressed out - life was hard on her nowadays. As the only child of a family that had a glorious past, but was steadily declining in the recent years, she had to shoulder a lot of responsibilities - she had her job cut out for her, a bigger chunk than she could handle.

	She was tall, measuring almost 190 centimeters (6'3"), and her usual high heels made her appear even taller. She liked the attention and the presence of authority they gave her, so she wore them constantly.

	Her hair was auburn and straight, in a braid that reached her waist. It was in a complex waterfall-braid style - since she was from a noble family, she wanted to emphasize her family's wealth, even tough it was practically non-existent at this point. Appearances mattered a lot in Amputeeton.

	She used to have trouble with weight, but her current busy lifestyle made it easy for her to slim down. Luckily, she retained most of the fat in her boobs, measuring a decently sized C cup. She wore a long black dress that accentuated her slim figure, emphasized further with a wide leather belt. Her long legs were showing through the slits as she hurried along the dark, stony streets.

	It was always dark in Amputeeton. Being underground, the only light sources on the streets were the torches, and the enchanted crystals that emitted light if anyone went near them. The whole city was hidden in the mountains, its streets, squares and houses carved out of the very stone that served them as a home. It used to be different from this, history told - the city was just like any other back in the day, proudly in daylight, above the ground, but its differences from the rival cities slowly forced it under the ground, hidden from view.

	Ziri was not bothered by this, however. She grew up on these dark corridors, the first time she saw the Sun was when she reached her 10th year. What bothered her was the reason of the city's exile underground: the ignorance and the unacceptance of the nearby cities.  

	Amputeeton was a city with a very strict caste system. Other ignorant cities labelled it slavery, even though it was only similar in some aspects. Sure, the lower class did not necessarily had any freedom, but they were still treated like feeling, living beings. The slaves even had the opportunity to regain their freedom sometimes, although it was really rare. On top of that, any cruel higher class citizen was punished if he or she did not respect the wellbeing of their underlings. All in all, they had a good life - revolts were extremely rare, the last one was a couple hundred years ago.

	Ziri only had one of those underlings, the very maid that had a big part in raising her. When she moved away from her parents to focus on her studies, they could only spare a single slave, so she has chosen the one she loved the most.

	Her studies were two-fold: she was an official envoy of the city, well versed in the different cultures and histories of the outside land. Her other, much more difficult task was the study to become a Master, the most prestigious profession there is. 

	Masters had to solve multiple problems, sometimes really difficult ones - the official motto was, "There is no impossible." 

	Ziri did not reach the higher ranks of Masters yet, but she had no trouble solving easy tasks - armlessness or legnessness was common in Amputeeton, and she already had practice in making those modifications.

	The common way to remove body parts from a person was to put a flexible piece of enchanted material on the "cut line", then perfrom the ritual - basically a spell. These enchanted materials were always circle-shaped, hence their official name, Circles. Of course, there was more than that to the procedure - the limb could be simply detached, or it could be vanished from existence for a while. The key to reassemble was to keep the Circles safe, because if they got damaged or destroyed, the modifications they caused were made permanent.

	Ziri's musings ended when she reached her small home. Upon entering, she was greeted by her only faithful slave, Mylene the Maid. She was older than Ziri - Ziri being 25, her maid 35 - but she looked as sexy as ever in her standard maid uniform. Ziri smiled as she watched her, her slim figure emphasized by her currently armless shoulders, bust-lifting corset and short, leg-revealing maid-skirt. Before leaving, Ziri left Mylene in an armless state, to make cleaning an extra challenge for the experienced slave.

	"Hello, Mylene. I hope your day was well spent and productive. I need you to wash me, and since I am tired as hell, to make it quicker, I will restore your arms for a bit."

	With that, she produced the two Circles that were responsible for vanishing Mylene's arms for the day. Ziri always carried those - not that her slave would be able to restore them without proper knowledge, but the thought of leaving her at home armless while carrying the only way to restore them was really arousing. Ziri was not cruel, but she sure as hell liked to dominate people. 

	After fixing the Circles to each corresponding arm stump, Ziri casted the restoration-spell, watching as they slowly emerged into existence. She let her slave adjust to the feeling of having arms for a bit, while she stripped out of her boots and clothes, the warm inner-mountain air feeling good on her naked body. 

	"The bath now, please. And bring my nightgown set."

	Ziri usually let Mylene wash her while being armless, but she was tired today, and wanted to be done as fast as possible. She climbed into the hot bathtub, letting her daily problems slip away while she relaxed. She only realized Mylene returned when she felt her hairdo come undone. 

	With speed and precision, the slave undid every knot in her mistress's hair, then started applying soap to Ziri's white skin. She is happy to have her arms back for a while, Ziri mused - she left her slave armless more often than not, imagining her struggling with mundane tasks all day, not even able to relieve her sexual frustration without her hands. 

	Mylene was horny as hell, but she knew that her mistress's needs were above hers. She applied generous amounts of soap to every inch of her mistress's body, including her erogenous zones - she knew Ziri would not mind. 

	When done, Ziri put on her pink panties and nightgown set - it was way different from her usual domineering style of clothing, but she loved to feel like a pampered girl at home. The gown was see-through, and even though only she and Mylene would be able to see her goods tonight, it just felt good to wear kinky clothing like that. The frilly panties were snug against her recently cleaned pussy lips, and she knew she would be soaking through them soon. When she assumed that her slave was done cleaning herself, she called her.

	"I would like a body-pillow for tonight, as usual. I hope you dont mind, Mylene. Just lay on the bed, face up."

	Mylene did mind, mostly because there was a good chance she would not reach orgasm today, but she knew better than to talk. Ziri applied two Circles to each of her shoulders, as close to her ribcage as possible, then two additional to her legs, right below her buttocks, then started chanting. Mylene felt the feelings in her limbs slowly fade away, which emphasized her sense of touch on her remaining body parts. 

	She suddenly felt the cool texture of the sheets below her back and buttocks, each change of the slightly clammy current of air, each drop of juice that was dripping from her shaved pussy... and there was nothing she could do about it.

	Ziri put out most of the torches, then sat down next to her. Her body felt hot on Mylene's skin, and the slave knew her work was not done for today. Not yet.

	"I am so horny I could explode. I require your oral services. If you can reach my pussy without help, I will reward you with an orgasm."

	And with that, she turned the surprised Mylene over onto her chest, lay next to her, opened her legs, and started rubbing herself. Mylene knew her mistress often overdid it, and reached an orgasm without her help - and that would mean an orgasmless night for herself. 

	Propped on her stomach changed many things - it meant she might be able to reach orgasm even without her mistress's help. Her large, D cup breasts flattened slightly by her own weight, her large, sensitive nipples scraping against the sheets, her pussy pressured slightly by the matress underneath when she pulled her hips back in... But she knew better than that. Mistress was first.

	She had a hard time moving. Obviously, quads were not really meant to move, but her mistress loved teasing her like that. She pulled her hips in, "anchored" herself as well as she could, then straightened her upper body. Her boobs were a major hindrance - they were heavy, they got in the way as she slid herself forward ever so slightly, and provided a distracting stimulating feeling. Nevertheless, she slowly and steadily moved ahead, her progress marked by wet patches on the sheets where her pussy was just anchored. 

	Meanwhile, Ziri was watching her, her arousal growing as she watched her sexy slave inch herself closer and closer to her pussy, using almost every available muscle in her tiny body to proper herself forward. Mylene, instead of going around her mistress's legs, decided to go over them, hooking herself onto the shin first with her chin, then with her heavy bosom. When she was over her mistress's leg, she took a short break catching her breath - moving like this was hard work. Her pussy rested exactly on her mistress's shin, releasing even more than the usual amount of cunt-juice. 

	Ziri did not wait any longer, too impatient to wait for her slave to turn the 90 degrees she still needed to reach her destination. She grabbed her slave on her ribcage, her fingers sinking into the softly protruding sideboobs, pulled her to her crotch, then lay down again.

	Mylene was experienced in giving oral services, and even though she was not really able to adjust her position, she knew her mistress did not need much more to reach her peak. Propped up by her boobs, her mouth was at a perfect height to give a few kisses to her mistress's outer labia. Her tongue came next, easily reaching inside Ziri's wet hole, savoring the taste of the female sap. 

	This was exactly the stimulation that Ziri needed - she kept her right hand on her clit, while her left hand pushed her slave's head deep onto her pussy as she reached a shrieking orgasm, her legs clamping together, constricting the small body between them even more.

	After cooling down, Ziri grabbed her cunt-soaked slave, turned her tits-up, and pulled her up to her head. Mylene's body was soft to the touch as Ziri started properly fondling her. The slave could do nothing but watch as her mistress kneaded, rubbed and massaged her boobs, occasionally pinching the nipples. When she decided that her slave was teased enough, she put one finger in each of her slave's holes, the soft tissues easily giving way to her demanding fingers. Mylene did not last long either, her orgasm much more quiet than her mistress - only soft mewls left her mouth. 

	After their lovemaking, Ziri put out the last remaining torch with a quick spell, too tired to get up, then made herself comfortable, her head resting cozily on the soft boobs of her part-time pillow slave. 

	"I hope you are comfortable, my slave. I sure am."
