Summary: Rick meets a new love who likes to spank - hard.
Keywords: F/M, spank
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Five Minutes

Five Minutes (F/M)

"Gosh, you're hard," Kyla exclaimed as she placed her hand around my 
now throbbing erection.  She and I were both completely undressed.  
This was the first time I'd seen her naked.

We had gone out a few times after our first meeting.  She made it 
clear that she liked to be on the giving end of spankings, and 
preferred to administer over-the-knee paddlings.

Kyla is not petite.  She is a exactly as tall as I am, a full five 
feet eleven inches, and likes to wear platform shoes besides.  Her 
straight blonde hair comes down to her shoulders, and her cute pointy 
nose complements her full lips.

She had given me a couple of spankings across her lap in the past 
week, just for fun.  Bare bottom, of course, and between twenty and 
thirty swats of the hardwood paddle, wielded with amazing strength.  
She stripped down to her underwear when she paddled me, saying it was 
more intimate that way.  I liked it that way too, lying across her 
incredibly sexy legs.

That night, though, we were on our way to bed, our first sexual 
encounter with each other.  Kyla reclined on the bed, and held her 
arms outstretched in an inviting way.  Chest to chest, we shared 
excited kisses.

"Guys have told me that a spanking hurts a lot worse when it's given 
right after they ejaculate," Kyla began. "I predict that you'll know 
what that's like."

"No, I'll make it okay," I responded.

"The deal is five minutes," she said, and looked at the clock.

Then she indicated that she was ready for me to enter her.  She 
parted her legs and placed her hands behind her head.  I kneeled 
between her knees and guided my member into her moist vagina.  Her 
vaginal lips seemed to pucker just as I approached them, and her 
womanhood pulled me in.

Kyla arched her back and I placed my arms around her, thrusting 
slowly.  I paused, and she immediately smiled and admonished, 
"Remember, you can't stop!"

With the thought of her words about spanking after ejaculation in the 
back of my mind, I kept up the slow and thorough penetration, 
savoring the feel of her skin on mine, and the moist warmth of her 
womanhood caressing my engorged erection.

After what seemed several minutes Kyla pressed her lips together as 
if to suppress an inevitable smile.  Her eyes twinkled, and I felt 
the unmistakable twinges of approaching ejaculation deep within me.  
I slowed the tempo of thrusts, to no avail.  The feeling became 
stronger.

I looked at the clock.  Three and a half minutes had passed.  "Oh no, 
Kyla... Oh God, no!" I exclaimed as I began the unmistakable pulsing 
of ejaculation.  I squirmed and writhed in ecstasy, hungrily kissing 
her on the mouth as I profusely spurted inside her.

"I didn't think you'd last a full five minutes when doing it with 
somebody new," she said in an I-told-you-so manner.  "Bring me the 
paddle, and I'll give you fifty swats now."

I pulled out and retrieved the paddle that Kyla would use on me.  As 
I handed it to her I realized that I should have known better than to 
make a bet with her that I'd last more than five minutes of continued 
intercourse with the likes of her, without orgasm.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
