Ellie knows she shouldn’t be out here, but her run-in with that skinslipper left her nursing a wound in her upper thigh that’s soaking her pant leg and filling the air with copper. Not the best scent to be putting out after the sun’s gone down. Not in the Wilds, anyway.

So she has no choice but to take to the dubious shelter of the forest—at least there’s cover here, and plenty of wood to build up a fire. Get some hot food into her belly, sear the wound clean and comfort her heart all in one fell swoop. The Chessa love a good fire, or so the Singers say, and Ellie’s inclined to think they have good taste.

The fire seems to calm Palla, too. The horse doesn’t like these woods—too many predators out there in the dark—but the whites of her eyes aren’t showing so much as Ellie bites down on a spare bit of branch and sews her leg shut with a dried-out bit of sheep gut.

Good. Ellie’s in no condition to go haring off after Palla if the damn horse gets it into her head to panic.

Once she’s done tending to her wound as best as she’s able—at least until she gets back to the outfit she’s hunting with tomorrow afternoon—Ellie takes the skillet and some of the cured meat out of her provisions sack and starts cooking up her dinner.

She becomes aware of them only when they’re seated on the other side of the fire—two man-shapes. They’re tall—she can tell that even with them both hunkered down the way they are—but other features are difficult to make out in the flickering light. Older, she thinks, though. Somewhere in that midland between thirty and forty, with the brush of age frosting their temples grey.

Ellie tries ignoring them—some haunts’ll go away if you look through them like they ain’t there—and one of the man-shapes says, “Bit far for you to be out by yourself.”

It isn’t a question, and Ellie carefully avoids asking one herself as she answers, “I’m with an outfit out of New Chicag.” She doesn’t look at her weapons sachel, but she’s thinking about it, oh yes she is.

The other man-shape—the taller of the two, the one who hasn’t spoken up yet—starts at that and says, “Then you’re moving West again.”

“Looks like.”

“Are you resettling?” he pursues—a question, which means that if these’re the right kind of haunts it means Ellie’s got the upper hand—and Ellie’s feeling generous enough to give a fuller answer.

“It’s getting crowded back East. There’s too many hands stirring the same pot with too many spoons. Besides, it’s been a long time since a haunt army came out of these parts. Could be they all killed each other off. Could be the Chessa got ‘em.”

“The Chessa?” the shorter man-shape echoes, mouth twisting in a way that signals amusement. “Really?”

“Dean,” the taller man-shape cautions.

Dean (names have power; Ellie latches onto his immediately) snorts. “No, I’m sorry, Sam, but that one takes the cake.” Then, leaning across the fire, the haunt fixes Ellie with his eyes and says, “It’s Winchester. Win. Ches. Ter.” Shaking his head, he sits back again. “Seriously, what is it with people and shortening shit? You’d think with all the times we’ve pulled their collective asses out of the fire, they’d at least have the courtesy to remember the whole thing.”

Ellie’s skin runs cold. “You ain’t,” she insists. “The Chessa are—”

“Ten feet tall and breathe fire and yadda yadda yadda,” Dean interrupts. “Yeah, sorry to burst your bubble, sweetheart, but what you see is what you get.”

“Dean.”

“Dude, what?”

Ellie knew she shouldn’t have come near this woods. It’s too old of a place, and there are too many things living in it. Dangerous things.

Things that pretend to godhood.

Still, they haven’t tried attacking her yet, and Dean seems ... well, more annoyed, than threatening. Ellie’s got nieces who are more ferocious.

“Ignore him,” Sam says, offering Ellie a smile that actually looks pretty nice.

Not that she’s going to trust it, since some of the nastier haunts out there can charm the pants off you before getting down to business and spreading your guts on the floor.

“We’ve been out of touch for a while and, uh, re-entry is always a little rough on him.”

“Speak for yourself. What did they call you last time? Oh yeah—Sammiah. Pretty clever how they took ‘Sam’ and ‘messiah’ and mashed ‘em together. Although not quite as funny as that time—”

“Anyway,” Sam continues, speaking loudly to drown out his companion. “I know it’s difficult to believe, but we’re them. The, uh, Chessa, I guess. And if you’re going to be moving back out this way, then we’re going to need to talk to whoever’s in charge. We’ve thinned out the worst of the demons, but there’s still a lot of nasty stuff running around.”

“Hell is one persistent bitch,” Dean grunts, nodding. “But you’ve got about a thousand years before they punch another hole in the prison. If they stick to the usual schedule, that is.”

“Uh. Huh,” Ellie manages, wondering whether these two are actually insane or if she just looks like that easy of a mark.

Then they’re rising, and Ellie damn near pulls her stitches out trying to get up and over to her weapons before they attack her. Hands are on her almost immediately, though, easing her back down to the ground, and she looks up to find Dean standing over her. Fast. Whatever they are, they’re fast.

Dean’s expression flickers as their eyes meet—recognition—and even as she tries to wrench herself free from his hands, he looks away from her toward his companion and says, “Hey, Sammy, she look familiar to you?”

“Yeah,” the other haunt agrees. “Ellen’s line.” Then, turning his attention on Ellie, he asks, “Is your last name still Harvelle?”

She freezes, heart pounding. No one knows that. No one but Ellie’s mama and her grandma. That’s too dangerous of a name to have, these days, with so many roosters strutting around the barnyard of civilization and trying on the titles of lord and master. Harvelle is old royalty, rising strong from the Lilian War and ruling alongside other, select bloodlines during the long, blessed years of peace before the dark, burning times came again, bringing hoards of skinslippers with them.

“H-how did you—”

“Cause we are who we say we are,” Dean answers, and then gives her arm a quick squeeze that Ellie guesses is meant as reassurance. It doesn’t reassure, though, because she’s too busy considering the possibility that it’s true. If it is—if even half the stories are within spitting distance of fact ...

God-touched, Ellie thinks dazedly. I’ve been God-touched.

She has a feeling her life just got a whole lot more interesting.