Sophie Digitally Naked in School
by Executionus

Part 17:

Me and Ben, all dressed back up, walked out of the dressing room door. We were greeted by Haylee leaning up against the wall on her phone, as she looked up at us both with a sly grin. She then quickly took our picture without warning and started giggling.

"I'm keeping this" she said "It's your official 'walk of shame' picture."

I threw up my hands "Haylee!"

Laughing, she responded "I'm teasing. But I really am happy for you guys. I never thought that you two would hook up. I should take all the credit for that since I was the one who asked Benjamin here to help you with the Jerry situation."

I replied "Truly, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for that my girl!"

Ben still had a look of redness all over his face, and it was like he couldn't bear to look Haylee in the eye anymore after what all she had seen earlier.

Haylee noticed his shyness and said "Hey Ben, don't be so shy. You really do look good! I really enjoyed the little show from you both but I won't go around telling people about it or anything. And hey, this finally makes us even after the 'shower incident' from back in the day"

The WHAT?

Ben blurted out "HAYLEE! I told you, that was an accident! I felt guilty as hell afterwards."

The WHAT?? I'm gonna need answers here. "Ben, Haylee, what 'shower incident'?"

Haylee answered "When I was 12 and he was 10 I used to babysit him a bunch, even overnight because his mom would work overnights a lot back then. I've always been really responsible for my age, although honestly Ben was too so it was an easy job. Anyway, one day your future boyfriend 'accidentally' walked in on me in the shower right before I turned the water on. His house has glass doors on the shower that you can see right through like it was nothing instead of a curtain like a normal house, so yeah he saw everything."

Ben jumped in "She told me that I was supposed to shower first when I finished the level I was on. I didn't know that she got in there instead!"

She smirked "This is true, but I distinctly remember getting bored waiting on you to finish your game and saying 'never mind, I'll go first' before heading into the bathroom"

He replied "You did not! And why didn't you lock the door anyway? That was NOT my fault."

I looked at Haylee, and something about the look on her face was just pure guiltiness without a hint of regret. I yelled out "Oh my God, Haylee, you did that on purpose didn't you?"

She couldn't keep herself from laughing "Ok, ok, so it's been four years so I might as well come clean already. Yes, yes I did."

Ben's shock face was cute "Wait seriously?"

Haylee rolled her eyes "I was twelve! Most boys wouldn't even talk to me back then because I was a girl, and I had hormones and dirty thoughts all the time. You were cute. You're still cute, but you were cute back then too. It's a little embarrassing but I had this uncontrollable urge to do something risky and sexy that night, but without consequences. I wanted to flash you and have you see me naked without getting in any kind of trouble over it from our parents. And I wanted it to look like an accident because I didn't want you to get the wrong idea or tell on me. Now that we're more grown up, and I just saw what I saw in the dressing room, I guess I can just admit it finally. Also...and this is only because I just watched you lucky pricks cum...I'll also admit that after you walked out of that bathroom that day I gave myself several of those in a row in that shower from the excitement of doing something that naughty."

I was stunned "Oh my God! Wow."

Ben was also stunned "I can't believe it. I really felt bad about that too, especially since you kept teasing me about it. I didn't even enjoy seeing you naked, I just wound up feeling guilty and ashamed."

Haylee shrugged "Sorry about that. I was twelve! Bringing it up again and again would give me a thrill. You were basically the only boy I hung out with back then and it was hot for me to remind you about seeing my nude body. Would it make it up to you if I just let you walk in on me in the shower again sometime without giving you grief over it this time?"

Ben stuttered "Wha...what?"

I stuttered "Wha...what? Hold on here before you start flashing my brand-new boyfriend"

Haylee smirked at me "If I let you watch too you'd agree to it"

To that I replied "I am insulted...by the accuracy of that statement. Wait are you being for real here?"

Haylee answered "Maybe. Not soon though. You two need some time as just a couple for a few weeks before we do anything crazy like that. But I really truly did appreciate the little show earlier, so maybe I'll give you guys one of your own some day as payback."

"HEY YOU GUYS!" we heard a yell from across the auditorium as Ava joined us.

I waved to her "Ava hi! Please tell me you have my regular clothes so I can change out of the Minka outfit already"

Ava froze when I said that and then looked at Ben. I then told her "Oh it's ok, he knows who I am too. Ben, meet Ava, my longtime best friend. Ava, meet Ben, my new ~~boyfriend~~!"

Haylee then did a fake cough "*cough*Withbenefits*cough*"

Ava then looked at her "Wait...wait those two are fucking? Were they fucking just now, when they weren't answering their phones, in the middle of the school??"

I scold Haylee "Haylee, seriously, can you keep ANY secrets today?"

She rolled her eyes "I never agreed to try to keep that one. And yes, we no longer have any virgins in the room with us. It sounded like a really good time in there too. I was jelly"

"Sounded like"....Ok, I guess she can keep ONE secret for now. She wasn't blabbing about watching us for now. Either way, I grab my bag of clothes from Ava. I was about to duck back into the dressing room to change, but then the massive pointlessness of that action kinda smacked me upside my metaphorical head. I just started taking my clothes off here in the main auditorium area instead.

Ava and Ben both simultaneously called out "Sophie! What are you doing?" It was kinda cute.

I answered "Literally everyone has seen me naked in picture form. All of you have seen me in person in my underwear in the last hour. The only boy here has seen waaaay more than that. What's even the point of me going into a room to change anymore? It's not like I'm even actually getting naked"

Ben, managing to blush a little watching me change, squeaked out "Well yeah that makes sense I guess"

Ava, though, let slip "Too bad"

I heard it and I froze mid-strip with my miniskirt in my hand, standing with my bra and panties exposed "Too bad?"

Ava blushed and replied "You heard what I said, you sexy badass you. I'm not taking it back. Now finish getting dressed already"

I look at Ben standing next to me and I give him a little wink as I hand him my skirt to hold. I then casually reach behind my back and unclasp my bra while Ava watches me. I don't know which hit the floor first: My bra or her jaw, but it was a close race. My panties quickly went down next. It's weird, I didn't even feel slightly embarrassed stripping for Ava or the other two like this. I guess after everything else that's happened to me today this was a minor incident.

I stood there in front of Ava, completely naked, and then asked her "Is that better?"

Ava was shook to her core "Whoa! Wow.... Um yes. Much better. Holy shit!"

Ava, Ben, and even Haylee a little bit were all blushing there staring at me. It felt like such a rush. I can't really explain it, but it's like the weight of shame was removed from me related to all of these guys now, my closest friends and my boyfriend. These weren't strangers or incels or anything like that seeing me naked, these were the people I love most. I guess it's like how a sunburn doesn't really hurt anymore after you've been set on fire. These guys seeing me naked wasn't even much of a sunburn. Actually I was kinda enjoying it, more than I probably should have been. I was getting myself quite excited all over again from the thrill of getting Ava horny for me like that. Not to mention, I could easily tell that Ben was getting right back to horny mode himself as part of the collateral damage from this. Oopsie!

I giggled "Good. Glad you approve. I should probably actually get dressed now. Just letting you know that if Ben agrees, you totally have an invitation to be our third some day."

Ava's whole face was a dozen emotions at once. I started to put my regular Sophie clothes back on, finally turning back into my true normal self for the first time in about an hour or so.

After looking her over for a second, Ben replied to my comment "Ben has no issues with this request" Oh great, the boyfriend is referring to himself in the third person. God help me. At least he approves of my friend's sexiness.

Once I was dressed, had my glasses back on (thank God) and had my hair tied back, I shyly looked to Ben "See? This is the normal me, just a regular simple girl. Also it feels really good to be able to see again, I shouldn't go so long without wearing my glasses."

He replied "You're still beautiful. And the glasses are super cute"

Haylee then asked me "Hey, did you ever get around to checking on that Telegram account for Minka?"

I go white "Oops! I saw like a hundred notifications for that earlier. Probably more. I think half the school sent her messages! I should read through some of those before I head home. You guys can send out the Jerry videos now, we're all leaving here and I'll bet most of the crowd gave up on finding Minka already."

Ben then tapped me on the shoulder to whisper in my ear "So...about that prize I won today..."

Oh shit! Oh boy. I gave this man the power to demand sex from me 24/7 for a year. Is he already cashing this in for the first time?

He continued "I want to read your Minka messages with you, in private, over on the nature trail where nobody will be watching us"

Ava butted in "What are you two whispering about?"

I jumped "Nothing! C..couples stuff"

She smirked "Uh huh. You two have fun, I'm heading home. Try not to forget that you still have to drive your brother home"

I grabbed my phone and sent a quick text to Arnold "Change of plans, we're not leaving for a while. Having sex with new b/f. No cap! Be cool about this and I'll buy you a new game. All pic drama is forgiven, happy sister :D!"

Ben watched me type that out and then openly laughed at me. Apparently my lack of filter is 'adorable'. The brat.

He then led me out to a secluded area on the trail. Nobody in the school really ever uses this thing, it's a wonder why they spent the money making it. Ben then very nervously asked me to lose all of my clothing, which was extremely scary to do when outside where I might get caught. He wasn't going to actually make it an order or anything since he's always so careful around me. Still, he won the prize, so this was his right. I trusted him to protect me. Also I was wildly excited about what he had planned for me!

Once I was naked I sat down on the grass, with my bare back against a fairly comfy tree, and my legs parted slightly at his command. Ben sat next to me, his shoulder up against mine, and his hand resting on the inside of my thigh. Uh oh! That is a very naughty place for that hand to be resting! If he keeps his hand sitting there too long I'm going to lose my mind and just pounce him....

Ben finally explained his plan "So Sophie...you know how you told me that people complimenting your very sexy naked body drives you crazy and turns you on? Well I want to read all of the good ones to you while rubbing you for a little bit. Sound good?"

I smile a devilish pure-naughty smile "Yes sir! Just go slow, please. My friend is still pretty worn out."

I had to give him a "sir" after all of the "ma'ams" he hit me with earlier. Ben's face told me that he enjoyed being called "sir" by me. This was filed away into my memory for future usage.

Ben brought up my phone and started looking through the messages to Minka. Meanwhile, his hand found it's target between my legs. Every time he found a sexy message or declaration of affection/appreciation towards Minka and her pictures he would read the message to me in its entirety. Hearing what some of the boys and school were saying to me was a massive rush and made it so that my clit and pussy were as happy as possible to have Ben's hand rubbing them. I'm naked, outside, and I'm not even disguised right now! Hell, I didn't even take out my ponytail this time. I would be easy to recognize if somebody walked up on us on this public nature trail. This was a huge thrill by itself, but the sexy words were making it even better.

And then I began to notice the delay between viable sexy messages getting longer and longer. I noticed Ben scrolling through them quickly but not finding what he wanted to read to me. Even though I was enjoying myself from his touch, the bulk of messages being unreadable was making me nervous, so I asked him if that many messages were really that mean to me.

He replied "Oh no, it's not that! I've barely seen any mean ones. Actually the problem is that most of the messages are really polite or basic, not saying anything sexy at all. It looks like most people just want to get to know you, or asking if you're single and available. Lots of people also seem to feel bad for you for getting leaked so there's a whole bunch of messages like that which would kinda spoil the mood here."

I had this weird warm feeling in my heart after hearing that. All day I have been terrified of how the school population would treat the "girl in the pictures", worried that she would be mocked and insulted as the biggest whore in town. I spent the entire day obsessed with making sure that Sophie Vos was as far away from Minka as I could possibly make her, because it felt like my life would just end if I had to suffer through the abuse and ridicule from that shame on a daily basis from that point on. And yet, Minka, my fall girl, ended up mostly being offered affection and sympathy from people. I spent all day imagining the worst possible outcome, never once letting myself imagine that (with a few exceptions) the people in this school are good people, kind and compassionate, and they wouldn't intentionally harm someone just for having her pictures leaked to the public like that. I actually felt a little foolish in that moment for all of my worrying earlier. I still had zero desire to out myself as Minka, mind you, but I at least felt a thousand times less mortally frightened of the future possibility of it happening.

My sexy mood was kinda off after that, so I asked Ben to just cuddle me while we read all of the messages together. I stayed naked for him at least, which I could tell he greatly appreciated. The messages from people were astounding to me. There were a TON of people, girls and even boys, who asked me for my consent to look at or "enjoy" my pictures and swore that they wouldn't do so if it was against my wishes. If I received a sexy girl's leaked pictures I never would've even thought to ask for that nor would I have cared to seek it out (which honestly made me feel a little guilty now). Everybody caring enough to ask for my permission I told them that they had it 1000%. I had a whole bunch of date requests from guys and a couple girls, and the majority of them were pretty sweet. Ironically, a couple of them came from guys I had slight crushes on. Minka had to turn them all down gently by explaining that she had a boyfriend right now. With Ben's permission, I told the people who hit on Minka or asked her out that they could continue to flirt if they wanted to, and I would flirt back, just as long as it was understood that it wouldn't go farther than that. I felt myself wanting to keep Minka around as an alter-ego for a very long time, not just as a fall girl who I would drop after a few weeks or so like I originally planned.

Ben was actually very enthusiastic about me continuing to play the role of Minka, it didn't make him jealous at all. He told me that it was actually a secret turn-on of his to date a stripper or porn star, because there was something really sexy to him about being the #1 favorite boy of a girl who has thousands of other men lusting after her. I kinda understood in a way. It was like when I showed Ben's dick to Haylee...I wanted her to wish that she was the one having sex with him instead. I wanted her to wish she was me. Ben must feel the same way right now. From now on, every time somebody he knows comments about wanting to do things with Minka, he is going to feel this rush of pride knowing that he is the one and only person who actually DOES get to touch her and fuck her. The entire school wants Minka, but only Ben actually gets her, and being the winner of that contest was a huge turn on for him.

Ben was even supportive of the "thanks" side of my messages. For example, my friend Tyler, the Science Olympiad member I sent Minka's pictures to earlier today, offered to write Minka a fetish erotic story custom-tailored to whatever kinks she felt comfortable telling him, as a way of saying "thanks" for the sexy photo album. I asked Ben's permission to accept the offer and was given a blanket allowance to accept anything that any of my fans wanted to send me, just as long as Ben remained my #1 and was the only person I actually dated or slept with. Several guys and even one cute woman offered to send me their own nudes as a thank you for them seeing mine. Two of the guys in question were smoking hot dudes I knew and I was very-much interested in knowing what their clothing had hidden from my sight all these years, but I wasn't going to cross that line.

I was SHOCKED when Ben said that he was fine with me accepting their pictures. I'm such a filthy pervert that getting naughty pictures from classmates is basically my biggest fantasy, but I was willing to be loyal to Ben at all costs. He encouraged me though, telling me that he really enjoyed how horny I was all the time and that he didn't mind one bit if I looked at eye candy from other people. He told me that the last thing he would ever want to do was to control me, or to give me any reason what-so-ever to "regret" being taken, even something as silly as regretting not being allowed to look at nudie pictures. The only things he asked of me was for him to have the same freedoms, and for him to always be my #1 no matter what. I promised him both things. God, he's so perfect for me, even in such impossible ways like letting me look at other classmates' naked pics and flirting with hot classmates. At this point I'd swear in blood to keep Ben as my #1 forever.

My boy then asked me "This may sound weird and you can say no if it's too much, but I'd also like to be able to see the pictures that people, especially our classmates, send you. You'll always be my #1, but I like seeing naked pictures of people I know too"

I smirked "I mean yeah, it's only fair since I'm looking at them while dating you. Just fair warning though, it's going to be almost all dicks m'dude. There's only one girl so far."

Ben then blew my freaking mind with the next words out of his mouth "That's fine. You're not the only one who is 'bi as fuck' in this relationship"

I'm 100% certain that I had zero poker face staring at him in total surprise after he said that to me. He then continued "You're the only person I've ever told that to, ever. Not one other person on Earth knows about that, especially my family...and I'd really like to keep it that way for now. But yeah, it'd be nice to be able to perv on some of the boys in school without risking major dirty looks, judgment, and possible violence."

He looked truly vulnerable telling me this. This was his greatest secret! This was as personal to him as when I revealed my true identity to him earlier. I quickly kissed him and promised to keep his secret, while also telling him that it was REALLY hot that he liked boys too. We made a little pact from that point on to share all eye candy, male or female, with one another and to make perving on our classmates into one of our fun couples adventures. If we're perving on other people together, then it's not cheating right? I think we were both on cloud 9 having hooked up with somebody else who "got it" when it came to being a pervert, as weird as that probably sounds. One day into this relationship and I already feel like this boy is literally perfect for me. I'm sure I'll learn things about him that aren't so great in the future, I'm not naive, but right now the moment is heavenly.

I make a group announcement to my new fans explaining some basic ground rules to chatting with me (mostly just "no being mean and listen if I say stop or no") while giving them all the explicit green light to talk to Minka about EVERYTHING they could ever want to, sexual or personal, flirty or secret. I even tell the group that they should feel free to tell me some of their most personal secrets if they need somebody to talk to about these secrets that would never judge them or tell anyone. I do the secret thing 90% because I want to help my fellow LGBT classmates come out of the closet when they're ready to do so, including my shy little Ben when he's eventually ready. I'm also curious what other secrets I could learn, things I would never learn as plain old Sophie. It's so silly but Sophie is not at all popular in school, yet Minka is. I am looking forward to how some of these conversations with my classmates will go.

As the afternoon starts to get a little late, I eventually need to get home before my parents wonder where the hell me and Arnold are. There was one little detail that I didn't think through: I'm also Ben's ride because he missed the bus to help me out earlier. Haylee was going to be his ride but she already went home when Ben decided to spend more time with me. So this little detail means that my little brother gets to meet my new boyfriend slash virginity taker...who is one of HIS classmates.

At my car I introduce them "Arnold, this is Ben...my new boyfriend"

Arnold points "Dude! You fucked my SISTER?"

Ben smiled "Your sister is amazing"

Arnold scoffed "Well yeah, but that's no excuse. Now I get to fuck YOUR sister!"

Ben shrugged "I don't have a sister. You can try to get with my mom though. You actually couldn't be worse than half of her recent boyfriends"

Arnold paused "...Is she hot?"

I butted in "Arnold! No hitting on anyone's mom! Especially not my BOYFRIEND'S mom. That's just wrong"

Lightning-fast Arnold replied "Says the cradle robber"

I shriek "EXCUSE ME?"

I distinctly notice Ben giggling at me. The brat. Great, it's official, now I have TWO brat freshmen boys in my life. The boys actually get along great trading quips and jokes the whole car ride to Haylee's house (where we're dropping off Ben with our cover story of him being at her house this whole time). As we drop Ben off, Arnold gives him a fist bump of approval, sealing the man code "date my sister" permission I imagine. When it's just me and Arnold he tells me that he's really happy for me now and he's truly glad that my day wasn't all bad.

I then tell Arnold "You know it's weird.... If you guys never would've found those pics, and Jerry never would've leaked them, then I never would've met Ben or instantly fallen in love with him. If I had a genie right now and I had the power to undo the picture leak with magic, then I'd tell him no. I'll gladly live my whole life from now on with everybody I ever know having pictures of my tits and pussy, as a payment for that boy back there being mine. If I had to put my real name on those pictures to keep him, I'd do it. I wouldn't even hesitate. So in the weirdest possible fucked up way, I kinda owe you. So yeah, Arnold, no joke, thank you for your part in helping to change my life forever. And also for having my back today when I needed you the most in my life, on the Jerry thing. I'm really lucky you were my brother"

He blushed "Don't mention it. Also I saw that video of Jerry, and the one of that Billy dude. You are a straight supervillain! Remind me not to get on your bad side"

At the end of the day, I start going through more of my Minka messages while lying down in my bed since they just keep flooding in by the hundred. I got the first of my naked boy "thanks" pictures, and RAWR! I can't believe one of the cuter boys at my school just sent me a full-frontal nude so happily. Nobody would ever send Sophie anything like that without expecting something sexual in return.... I guess Minka already made her down payment on sexual content. This whole Minka thing is going to be an endless farm of content for my spank bank and I love it!

I then noticed several girls asking me to take what I did to Billy and Jerry and do something like that to their abusers. The stories I was sent about a couple different guys were just heartbreaking, and I realized that if these girls are asking the freaking public nude model to avenge them then everybody else in their lives has already failed to do so. One girl even explicitly stated that nobody believed her so the guy got away with it. Because of Minka's righteous vengeance videos she was turning into this symbol for justice that girls were looking up to and were praying could give them the closure they needed against the guys they needed to see humiliated. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I'm a nerd/sex object that's not even as tall as most other girls and I suck at gym class. I have no idea how I'm supposed to get these girls their revenge.... But somehow, I have to do it. If Minka doesn't help them, nobody will, and that thought is just too sad for me to bear.

And then the secrets started flooding in. Holy shit! I learned very fast that half the school is very lonely and is terrified about taking any risks towards fixing that because of crippling anxiety. After a couple of guys told me their biggest crushes and asked my help and advice, I made a group post asking my single fans to tell me all of their crushes and classmates that they liked but were too worried to approach, because maybe I could help. It didn't take long for the names to start rolling right in. Some people were crushing on the same handful of cheerleaders so I had to gently inform them that they should aim lower. But most of these guys and girls were telling me about classmates, the people they sat next to in classes, their neighbors, friends of friends, and that sort of thing. Some of these crush declarations were really detailed and touching.

This is the craziest thing ever. These people, my school mates, are telling Minka some of their BIGGEST secrets ever: The people they secretly love. High schoolers fight hard to keep our crushes a secret from everybody. I don't know why, we just do. And nobody here actually knows Minka, especially since she's not even freaking real. Some of Sophie's friends and acquaintances are telling Minka things they would NEVER EVER tell Sophie! Why is Minka so easy to trust? Is it something about the fact that she showed the entire school her nudie parts? Is it something about my appearance that makes me seem trustworthy? Maybe it's something about the way that I type messages when I'm in Minka mode, like I'm subconsciously programming the entire damn school to trust me. Or maybe it's even dumber and everybody trusts Minka and seeks her approval and advice because she's super-popular. I don't know. I never seem to know the "why?" behind the moments of my life these days. I just know that this is happening.

Between the abused girls praying for revenge and the lonely horde of fellow students just desperate to find love and companionship, I'm starting to feel as though I could seriously make a difference here. Maybe Minka isn't just something that I use as a fall girl or to get myself off. Maybe Minka could really HELP people. Is that crazy? Stupid question...at this point I'm 100% certain that I myself am crazy. But still.... Today I avoided my biggest fear, the entire school learning that Sophie Vos was the naked girl in the pictures. Instead, I created something...someone...that might change everything in both my life and the lives of hundreds of my fellow students. I finally lost my virginity, and to a boy that seems so perfect for me even though I have only known him for a few hours. What happens as more time passes for us? Do we get better...or worse? Where does Sophie Vos go from here? Where does Minka go from here? What's even Minka's last name? I feel like this roller coaster of a day was only the first chapter of my story. I just hope my life is a good story with a happy ending.

And speaking of "happy endings", I also hope it's a sexy story! Because goddamnit, somehow losing my virginity didn't make me LESS horny, it just made me MORE horny! I haven't been able to stop thinking about sex with Ben since the microsecond after we finished. How the hell does that work? Why didn't anybody warn me about this? This is so not fair. Is there seriously no cure to my lust madness? I rub one out to my nude from a fan, the first of many to come I'm sure, before I finally drift off to sleep on this mental asylum of a day.

END OF SOPHIE DIGITALLY NAKED IN SCHOOL
TO BE CONTINUED IN SOPHIE AND MINKA'S SCHOOL SHENANIGANS