Sam smells it before he sees it. The scent floods the room, sudden and unexpected and cloying. Like flowers at a funeral and dusty sunlight in a church. It smells old. Worshipful.

::Brightlight,:: the cougar says, sounding surprised, and Sam turns and there it is.

As far as first impressions go, Sam isn’t very. The angel looks like any guy on the street—messy dark hair, rumpled overcoat, too-dry lips. The expression on the angel’s face isn’t too bright, despite the cougar’s name for it: the angel looks like it isn’t sure where or even who it is.

Well, whoever it is and whatever it wants, it damn well isn’t welcome—not in their bedroom. The whole farm is Sam and Dean’s (their territory to hunt, theirs to protect), but this place—this one place—is private. This is Safety, it’s Den, it’s Home. This is the place where their scent is laid down heavy and so intermingled that even the cougar can’t distinguish between the two; where Sam can come after a stressful day, even if Dean is away, and bury his nose in the scent of Deanbrotherpartnerloveminemate. And he knows Dean does the same—has caught his mate rolling around in their bed once or twice when he got home early from patrol.

No foreign scents have been tracked in here since they finished fixing up the place. No one has ever disturbed the private sanctuary that they’ve carved out for themselves. Neither of them even had to make it a rule; people just seemed to get that stepping across the threshold was off limits.

Hell, the only two people who’ll even come into this corner of the farmhouse without being ordered to are Bobby and Bonnie.

And now this creature. This creature standing in the middle of their den like it belongs there and getting that dusty, old scent all over everything.

Sam’s lips pull back unconsciously from his teeth.

“Samuel Winchester,” the angel says. “We must speak.”

The cougar snarls forward before Sam can move, and he’s surprised to realize it’s even angrier than he is: the unwelcome intrusion only exacerbated by old grievances.

“You were offered a chance to speak when my kin were being slaughtered, brightlight,” it hisses, circling warily to one side. It’s thinking about attacking, looking for an opening as the angel turns with their movement.

“I am sorry for that,” the angel says, and the sad tilt to its eyes make Sam believe that it isn’t a lie. “We would have aided if we could, but we had ... other problems.”

The cougar hisses again—filled with old memories that Sam has glimpsed before but never really examined—and Sam realizes that his other half is planning on ripping the angel into tiny, bite-sized shreds. He can feel the cougar’s rage (left our kin outside the gate, left them to die, listened to the deathlessdark come and rip and rend and tear), and it’s almost strong enough to carry both of them, but ...

It’ll soil the den, he thinks, and then tosses an image at the cougar—trying to mate with Dean in the reek of blood and death, trying to sleep in it. That gets through like Sam knew it would and the cougar retreats to seethe silently, tail lashing.

The angel is still looking at them with those childlike blue eyes, standing stiff and wooden in the spot where it appeared. Sam wonders if it knows how close it just came to dying. If angels can die.

::They can,:: the cougar comments, voice dark and eager for blood. ::Lead it outside and I will show you.::

Sam ignores the cougar to demand, “And now ... what? You want to kiss and make up?”

“Now our problems are the same as yours,” the angel replies placidly. “I was sent as an ambassador. I seek an alliance between our people.”

The cougar hisses again inside Sam’s head, and this time he catches a sharper flash of memory. There’s no blood in the place the cougar remembers: andar don’t bleed. But the smell ... the smell is the same that Sam has come to associate with death, overlain with the reek of sorrow and useless, futile rage. And there’s a filmy kind of substance covering the trees and the ground and the high, closed gates. The flimsy, already-fading remnants of a massacre.

::We went to them for help,:: the cougar says as Sam struggles with the ramifications of what he’s seeing. ::But they would not come to the gate. And when the deathlessdark came upon the Vlesi Speakers while they waited outside, they murdered all they found while the brightlights listened behind their high walls.::

Vlesi. The cougar’s word for andar of gentler temperment. Swans, deer, hares. Undefended, on what was meant to be a peaceful mission to the angels, and therefore helpless.

It’s difficult to remain rational and cling to the understanding that, as little as Sam wants to deal with a race who turned their backs on the andar when their help was most needed, it may very well be necessary. He and Dean can’t bring Lilith’s army down on their own.

He focuses on that knowledge—and on the need to keep Dean safe—and channels it toward the cougar in a tight, focused burst. The cougar clings to its rage for a moment longer before reluctantly subsiding. It still isn’t any happier about the situation, but Sam senses that it agrees about the necessity of their position.

“We’ll listen to what you have to say," Sam announces, "But I’m not talking without my mate.”

He turns, moving toward the window. Outside, he can see Dean grinning as he leads Greg through one of Dad’s patented physical endurance routines.

Sam hesitates—Dean hasn’t been sleeping well since he returned from his last intel gathering mission, and although his mate hasn't said anything, Sam knows that Dean's sleep habits are tied pretty closely to his peace of mind. Leading these daily training routines is the closest Dean comes to relaxing these days, and Sam is reluctant to tear his mate away a moment before Dean is ready to stop. Disturbing his mate for what’s bound to be a tense meeting is pretty much the last thing he wants to do.

But they need this, and there’s no telling how long the angel will wait. Sam’s just going to have to make it up to Dean later. Maybe corner his mate and make him talk about whatever's bothering him while he's at it.

There’s a rustling sound as Sam starts forward again, and a scent like feathers, and suddenly the angel is standing between him and the window. The confusion on the angel's face has vanished, devoured by an expression that Sam wants to label as panic.

“No,” the angel says. “I would speak with you alone.”

::It hides something,:: the cougar mutters distrustfully.

It’s more warning than Sam needs.

Frowning, he says, “Why? You have to know I’m going to tell him everything afterward anyway.”

“Yes,” the angel admits. “But I would prefer not to speak with Dean—and not for the reasons you think.”

Sam’s jaw, which went tight at the angel’s admission, pulls tighter still. “Oh really? Because I’m pretty sure that this is holier-than-thou bullshit about being in the same room as a murderer.”

“If it were, do you really think I would be here with you?” There’s sudden steel in the angel’s eyes; the threatening curl of power in its voice.

For the first time since he turned to look at it, Sam believes he’s dealing with a Warrior of God.

He shuts his mouth, reeled back by less by the revelation than by the unexpected reminder of his own guilt—the hunters he callously sent to die as a diversion, Hank (son of a bitch deserved it, do it again in a heartbeat), Bela. The cougar swells inside of Sam, filling him with reassurance and warmth and a tiny, throbbing thread of resentful dislike directed at the unwanted brightlight.

It’s the resentment that gives Sam the strength to straighten and say, “What, then? You give me one good reason why you won’t talk to Dean, or I’ll walk out of this room and leave you here. You can have your conversation with the dresser.”

“Because I failed him,” the angel answers unexpectedly. The otherworldly grandeur drops away from it, leaving behind a rumpled errand boy with slumped shoulders. “Because in another future than this one, he and I might have been...”

The angel trails off without finishing, but Sam understands what it’s saying just fine. He stares into those blue, hangdog eyes and vibrates with a vicious, furious desire to spread the son of a bitch’s insides around the room for even thinking about it—they can always get a new room. Build a whole new goddamned wing on the goddamned house, if it’s necessary.

The cougar isn’t any help controlling that impulse, hissing and scratching against Sam’s insides wildly, but it’s maybe the very violence of their reaction that saves the angel.

There’s just too much rage flooding Sam’s system to process the command to attack.

“He’s my mate,” he manages finally, in a tight, lashing voice. “He’s mine.”

“The servants of Heaven stand at the crossroads of time,” the angel replies softly. “We see all roads, even those that remain untraveled.”

Sam can’t even begin to fathom a world where he isn’t everything to Dean, where Dean isn’t everything to him. The very idea is anathema and makes his stomach lurch. It shrinks his lungs and tightens his ribcage so that every breath hurts and narrows his eyesight to a tiny, dark pinprick. Inside of him, the cougar isn’t handling the concept much better.

Ignorant or uncaring of the effect it’s having, the angel continues, “In all the possible worlds, down all possible roads, he’s the one waiting for me at the end. My redemption. My damnation.”

Sam blinks his vision clear enough to see the angel cock its head with an ironic twist to its lips.

“He’s the only mortal I ever love.”

Sam’s hand is around the angel’s throat before he means to move. He has the thing pinned against the wall, all of his instincts screaming at him to finish it—to put down the threat. Avenge the old wrong and protect his mate with one simple movement. All he has to do is tighten his grip.

Then his mind flickers to Dean—to the sad, hurt way Dean will look at him when he finds out what Sam has done. Dean, his brother. Dean, his mate. Dean, who still seems to think Sam is innocent after all of his crimes, after all of the blood that’s already staining his hands.

It’s not human, he argues with himself. Dean won’t care.

But neither he nor the cougar can bring themselves to believe that.

The angel swallows against his grip, unresisting, and regards Sam with steady, sad eyes. Ready to accept whatever punishment he wants to inflict. It isn’t going to fight him. It isn’t going to lift a single finger to defend itself.

Which, perversely, only makes Sam angrier. He doesn’t know whether he’s sinking deeper or if the cougar is rising, but their shared fury is mingling them more closely than they usually get, and it’s becoming difficult to separate out which thoughts belong where. Difficult to tell who they are.

“You son of a bitch,” they spit, vibrating with futile rage. “You can’t have him. You try to take him from us and we swear to God we will end you.”

“I couldn’t even if I did try,” the angel replies with a bitter smile. “I never said he loved me back.”

Some of the possessive fury dims at that admission, but Samcougar is still plenty mad enough at the daring of this brightbastardlight to covet their mate in the first place and they can’t make themselves let go.

“Why the fuck are you telling us this?”

The angel just looks at them with that sad, bitter smile, but something in the expression registers and Sam’s body jerks slightly from the almost physical jolt of the cougar separating itself out again.

The consuming, possessive anger damps, making rational thought possible once more, and Sam is able to hear—and, more importantly, comprehend—when the cougar says, ::Because it will see Deanmate eventually if our talks proceed, and it knows it cannot hide its scent from us. We would smell the desire on it.::

And likely rip the angel’s throat out before it could explain.

Hell, Sam isn’t sure he’ll be able to control himself even if he knows it’s coming. Not with Dean in the room, sending out that soul-deep, comforting scent that Sam loveswantshungersforneeds.

He knows he has a problem with jealousy—they both do; either it’s some weird berserker thing or just him and Dean messed up and intertwined like usual—but it’s never been this bad before. Never been this thought-eradicating or intense.

Because none of the other jealousies ever felt like a threat, Sam realizes. There’s something different about this angel, though. Something infuriating. It’s as though Sam can smell all those other paths on it. He can taste all the ways that this stupid-looking creature in the wrinkled trench coat means something to Dean in other futures than this.

Christ, Sam isn’t going to be able to work like this.

“Have them send someone else,” he says.

“You don’t want to deal with someone else,” the angel replies immediately. “Trust me.”

“Why not?”

“The others are ... unhappy ... that your brother bonded before he could fulfill his greater destiny. They would not be kind to him, or to you.”

Inside of Sam, the cougar has gone very, very still. “What greater destiny?” Sam asks for both of them.

“He was to host the archangel Michael in the coming battle.”

The cougar doesn’t so much hiss this time as yowl, and the barrage of knowledge and memories it throws Sam’s way all filter down to one resonating, final fact.

The souls and minds of archangel hosts are destroyed, wholly and utterly, by the power they must contain.

“Out,” Sam manages through the film of red covering his vision. “Get out before I can’t help myself anymore.”

The angel’s eyes widen at the expression on Sam’s face and, after a brief fluttering sound and that dry scent of feathers, it’s gone. Sam’s hand closes on thin air and he bites into his lower lip to contain the furious, feral scream that wants to claw free from his throat.

How dare they? How dare they even think about doing that to his mate?

They can’t take him, Sam tries to reassure himself. Not in this here and now, where he’s bonded with Geri and therefore off limits.

But while Dean may be safe from the angels, there’s still Lilith. There’s Lilith and there are all of those rich, sick fucks who have already put their hands on Dean. Who hurt him. Who probably still get off to the memory of hurting him.

It hits Sam, suddenly and vividly, just how vulnerable Dean is even with Geri’s strength—how precious and needed he is—and his head pulses alarmingly. He shakes with the force of his emotions: fear and rage and love now a physical pressure beneath his skin, all of them jostling against one another and pushing to get out.

Dean, he thinks. God, Dean.

::We will keep him,:: the cougar promises, its tail lashing with shared agitation. ::We will watch over him.::

But neither of them knows whether that that will be enough.