The Girl In The Elevator
by Col-El

It was another dull night for Lilly and Mark during quarantine lock-down. The loving couple have spent several weeks stuck in their apartment, desperately trying to find something fun to help pass the time; well anything other than binge watching Netlfix. That's when Lilly came up with an exciting, but naughty idea. Strip noughts and crosses. Well, originally, she wanted to do strip poker but neither of them could find a decent pack of cards; which lead Mark to suggest on noughts and crosses instead. Lilly, eager to watch her hot boyfriend/ flat mate strip down to his birthday suit, agreed. And so the game begins; with the winner deciding upon the forfeit for the naked looser.

After nearly an hour of various rounds, the two flat mates faced each other wearing nothing but their underwear. Lilly was letting her boobs hang as she lost her bra two rounds ago, but after the last round that forced Mark to take off his sweatpants, she was confident of beating him in this final game. And yet it was Mark who played the winning hand, even Mark seemed surprised at this. Lilly was dumbfounded as her boyfriend celebrates his victory in her face. "Go on babe. Time to lose the panties." He said, revelling in his girlfriend’s defeat. Lilly reluctantly slides her panties down to her ankles; she stands in her apartment with nothing to cover her voluptuous figure but her shoulder length, wavy blonde hair. She then remembered the rule she set when she thought she would certainly beat him. "Alright then. What do you want me to do then?" She asked cautiously.

Mark thought for a moment, thinking of some humiliating dare for his girlfriend to do. "I got it. I want you to go outside." Lilly proceed his request? "Naked? I can't do that. I'll get arrested." Mark snidely replied: "You won't get caught if you're quick enough." Lilly almost begged him to suggest something else, she didn't want to go outside where people can see her naked. Mark wasn't willing to change his mind. "Hey, you said the winner decides the punishment for the looser; and I want to go for a quick streak." Lilly bowed her head and reluctantly made her way to the door. However Mark briefly stops her, only to give Lilly her phone. "Make sure you get some good photos; just to prove that you did it." He requested. He was looking forward to seeing those pictures of her nude in public.

"Go on then." Mark says as he sends Lilly out into the hallway of the apartment complex. She has nothing to cover her curvy figure with except for her phone. Any confidence and courage she had when taking this challenge was left back in the apartment, along with her clothes. Her boyfriend shuts the apartment door; locking her out. "Oh come on, babe." She said trying to get inside, while also trying not waking the people in the other apartments. "I'll let you in when you've comeback with proof that you did it." Mark said from the other side of the door. "I swear I'm gonna kill you!" The naked girl groaned, she reluctantly stormed down the hallway.

With no other options, and no one letting her back in, Lilly begins her dare by nervously sneaking down the hallway. The naked girl uses her black phone to cover her shaved pussy and covers her large breast with the other hand. She walks past each apartment door, paranoid about somebody walking out and seeing her like this. How embarrassing would that be? She thinks to herself whilst repeatedly looking over her shoulders to see if anyone was watching her helpless ass. Eventually, she comes across an open elevator and rushes inside. Her thick booty jiggles with each step inside. She presses the button for the ground floor, thankful to see the closing doors. "That was close." She said to herself. But before she could relax, Lilly remembered the second part of her dare. "Oh god. I have to go outside now. Damn it." She said putting her head in her hands; as the elevator takes her from floor five to the ground floor.

She didn't want to face the humiliation of going naked in public; especially if the police were to be called on her. With a loud ding the elevator doors open. The naked girl cautiously looks out to see if anyone was downstairs; she could get into so much trouble just by doing this if anyone caught her like this. Thankfully the coast is clear, and the front door was in sight. "OK, you can do this." Lilly says to herself; mentally preparing herself as she sneaks up to the front door. Lilly opens her phone, ready to record herself. "OK. I'm heading outside." She said with nervously excitement as she starts recording. The naked girl rushes out the building in a desperate bid to get this over with.

Lilly quickly walks from the building and into the outside street; the cold air touches every inch of her exposed skin. "I can't believe I'm really doing this." She says, the adrenaline building inside her. The naked girl records herself on her phone’s selfie mode. "Alright I'm outside." She says with a cheeky grin, talking into the phone’s camera; making sure it can see her hourglass figure against city lights behind her. "There is no one here, and I'm naked." She says, giggling with delight. She strangely found herself liking this, as the naked girl stands almost liberated with her curvy body on fully display. Lilly starts prancing around her side of the street, almost dancing freely without clothes. She lets her boobs jiggle freely in the open air; her nipples had hardened with each gentle breeze that touched her smooth skin. She was happily savouring this moment of freedom and wishes she could carry on until dawn.

Suddenly she gasp at something she sees in the corner of her eye. "People!" She panics and runs back inside, as someone heads in her general direction. Her bare feet loudly smacking against the hard pavement as she runs. Once inside the naked girl fearfully dashes to the elevator and presses the button to call it down. She can still see the person from outside casually heading towards the building; the elevator hasn't arrived yet. Lilly repeatably smashes the call button, desperate to get out of sight. "Come on. Come on!" She growled though gritted teeth. Finally the double doors open, and Lilly rushes inside. The naked girl stands in the elevator and press the button for the fifth floor. Her heart was still pondering, she tries to catch her breath. "That was way to close." She says as the elevator doors begin close; that is until a strong pair of hands block it at the last second. Lilly freezes in shock as a tall, ruggedly handsome man in a leather jacket stops the doors; just barely manages to get inside.

The fully clothed man stops in confusion at the sudden sight of the young, weepy eyed, naked girl who faces the corner in seer embarrassment. Nevertheless, the stranger presses the button for the third floor, sending the elevator upwards. He was unsure where to look without looking like he was perving on the poor girl; and she could barely look at him. The poor naked girl just wanted to get of this elevator and put this whole night behind her. When suddenly the elevator shakes and stops moving. The lift was stuck and they knew it.

"Oh god, no!" Panicked Lilly, who frantically started hitting the buttons on the elevator control panel in vain attempt to get the doors open. "Hello! Can anyone hear me!" She yelled with no reply. The fully clothed man tried to reassure the distressed woman. "OK, stay calm." He stood as she desperately tries pulling the doors open with her press on nails. "No! This can't be happening!" The doors remained shut no matter how hard she tried to move them apart; the naked girl was desperate to get out. The clothed stranger tried to calm her down, as she was on the verge of hyperventilating. "Hey. Take it easy and breath. I'm sure someone will come and help us soon." Lilly sat in the corner and began to cry. She was trapped in an elevator with a complete stranger, whilst completely naked; unsure of what happens next.