Suggestion Box: Swim Buddies
by superevil7

Prologue

The seemingly innocuous 'Suggestion Box' is one of the Bored God artifacts. It is a cherry wood box with brass fittings, a small brass lock, and a slit in the lid, with a brass plaque on the front that reads 'Suggestion Box', which can be found mounted to the wall in some random location. No one can ever remember installing it, or it being there before, but it draws the attention of those who are fed up with the way things are, inviting them to write a suggestion for how they think things should be. However the Suggestion Box is a monkey's paw artifact, that will twist their suggestion into a perverted wish, and grant it when next that person wakes. All of reality will have changed to reflect the suggestion, and only they, and anyone else who has written a suggestion in the box, will know that anything is different or wrong. For most suggestions, this is rather minor and unnoticeable, such as instituting a new rule from that point forward in a school or office, but a poorly worded suggestion can have truly far reaching effects for the unwary. Events will often conspire to prevent someone from revoking their suggestion, and after three suggestions are made, the Suggestion Box vanishes, whisked off to some other location, to work more perverted wonders. The Suggestion Box was created by Danaume Rook, and the Bored God universe was created by AnonyMPC.

Description

When Tracy finds a strange suggestion box hanging up outside of her coaches office, she never expected her suggestion of merging the boys’ and girls’ swim teams to actually work. Especially with the knowledge that the boys of Clear Spring High always practice swimming in the nude. Now the question is, what will they be wearing to practice?


Suggestion Box: Swim Buddies - Chapter 1

The boys' swim team of Clear Spring High had always practiced in the nude. It was a holdover rule from another time, but one that the school had never gotten around to changing. The team had also used to compete in the nude, but that ended sometime in the late 70s. The only time the boys were expected to be nude now, it was done with the pool doors locked down tight, in a private setting with only the boys of the team and their male coach allowed to attend.

Many of the girls of the school knew of the rule however, and took great joy at teasing the boys about it. Particularly the girls on the girls' swim team. Unlike their male counterparts, the girls had always been allowed to wear their competition regulation suits while practicing, ever since girls' swimming had been added as an extracurricular activity. But because the boys' practice was kept so private, the girls' team had always had to do their practicing in the early hours of the morning before school. The boys at least had the better time slot in the afternoon. Whether or not they viewed that as compensation for the fact they had to practice nude depended on the boy.

It was the beginning of another school year, and the freshmen girls that had joined the team were just learning the rules regarding how the boys were expected to practice. The girls had just finished their practice, and were coming into their locker room to rinse off and get dressed. "You really mean the boys have to practice naked!?" One of the younger looking girls, a freshman that had just made the team asked, looking wide eyed while letting out a slight giggle.

The oldest girl on the team, a senior brunette, nodded her head towards her with a smirk. "Yep. They go totally nude. I wonder how the fresh meat are taking it this year? There's always one or two boys that can't handle it and quit the team." She laughed, clearly amused.

"Wow!!" Another freshman girl giggled really hard. "I know a boy named Derick on the boys' team. We were on the team last year together at our old school. I wonder if we could…?"

The senior girl cut her off. "Don't get your hopes up. They never let anyone in the pool area while the boys are practicing. Especially not girls." She explained.

"That's so unfair." A fifteen year old blonde sophomore girl named Tracy said. "Why do we need to be the ones to wake up so early and practice half asleep, just because the boys are naked!? I think they should just merge the teams and let us practice at the same time."

"Could you imagine!!?" Her friend, Jessy, giggled, slipping her t-shirt over her head, finishing getting dressed.

The giggling girls started to head off to class after that, ready to start their school day. Tracy was the last one to finish getting dressed, always lollygagging because of her sleepiness, and so she was the last one to leave the locker room. Just before she headed out the door however, she noticed a small wooden box hung up in the corner of the room near the coaches office, seemingly out of place. She walked a bit closer, discovering the box had a small brass plaque on the front, reading 'Suggestion Box'. There was a small slit at the top, where a piece of paper could obviously be slid in.

That's strange, she thought, I don't remember this being here. She grabbed the small box on each side, trying to shake it loose from the wall, but found it seemingly secured tight. There was a small brass lock on the front as well, keeping the lid closed. She tried to pry it open, as the lock looked weak, but the lid did not budge. The lock seemed to be stronger than it looked.

Shrugging her shoulders, she lost interest in the box and grabbed her book bag. But just as she reached to grab the door handle to the main hallway, she stopped, letting out a small chuckle. She knew it wouldn't work, but that didn't mean she couldn't have a little fun with whoever had left the suggestion box there.

She took a quick look around the locker room to make sure she was alone, and then she set her bag down, pulling out one of her notebooks. She turned to one of the last pages, tearing out about a third of the page, and then began writing, doing her best to hide her penmanship. ''It isn't fair that the girls and boys teams are segregated. The two teams should be merged so that the boys and girls swim together. It doesn't matter that they have to swim naked." She giggled to herself as she folded the paper and slipped it into the box, before taking her bag again, and almost skipping her way out into the hall. She wondered how Coach Bayley, such a strict and disciplined woman, would react to seeing that suggestion, laughing to herself about that.

After that the girl basically forgot about the whole thing. It wasn't until the next day, when she arrived at the locker room for practice in the early morning, that the topic was brought up again. "Tracy, what are you doing here? Didn't you get yesterday's email?"

"Coach?" The girl said, obviously confused.

"You need to check your email, Tracy. Every day." Her coach scolded.

I thought I did, she furrowed her brow. "Sorry coach." She apologized, hoping she wasn't in too big of trouble.

"No matter. You're lucky in this case. The email was just to inform you that the girls and boys swim teams are being merged. Practice has been moved to this afternoon." Tracy's mouth fell open at that, and her mind had a hard time understanding what her coach had just said. All of a sudden a hundred different questions came flooding into her head, but she didn’t get the chance to ask any, as her coach was already headed for her office.

Tracy stared at her coaches back as she walked away, in total confusion and wonder. "What!!?" She finally reacted, but her coach was already gone, so there was no one to respond to her. It took her a bit of time to realize what that really meant. Her suggestion had worked! Part of her still felt that there was no way the school would allow her or the other girls to see the boys practicing naked, but at least this meant no more early mornings! She could finally sleep in!!

Still, she was too curious for her own good. She just needed to know. Working up her courage, hoping her coach wouldn't scold her for asking such a question, she walked over to the open doorway of her coaches office, and lightly knocked on the door. "Coach?"

"Yes Tracy. What?" The woman regarded the girl with frustration, wondering what she could want now.

"Umm… I'm just wondering…?" Tracy couldn't help mumbling, wondering if she should even bring up this topic and risk the wrath of her strict coach.

"Yes, what is it?" The coach said forcefully, obviously getting annoyed with the girl.

Tracy almost abandoned asking her question, but her curiosity just won out. "What will, the, uh, boys… be wearing to practice today?"

"What kind of question is that, Tracy?" The woman rolled her eyes at her and folded her arms. "You know that the boys have always practiced nude at Clear Spring High, and just because the teams have merged doesn't mean that rule is going to change. Now, I'm quite busy, so unless you have any other questions…"

"Oh, no coach!" Tracy said, resisting the urge to jump for joy. "I'll just be going." As she headed out into the hallway, she couldn't help becoming almost delirious with excitement. The boys were still going to be practicing naked!! But the girls get to be there now!!! This is going to be so awesome!!!! They're going to be naked!!!!! All of that and so much more went through her head as she thought about practice later that afternoon, rushing off to her main locker.

She couldn't resist letting it slip to a few of the other girls on her team, and the rumors quickly spread. By lunchtime it seemed almost the entire school was aware. Sitting at lunch with her best friend, another girl on the team, Jessy, and another one of their good friends, one of the boys from the boys' team, Oliver, the girls couldn't help wearing a very smug, very wide, and very toothy smile every time they looked at him.

Oliver just could not believe it, feeling the girls had to be mistaken. Still, he felt a sharp pain in the pit of his stomach at the thought of swimming naked in front of all of those girls. “That can’t be true! It just can’t!” He complained. For him, this was the first time he was hearing the news.

“Oh come on, Oly, I bet you’ll look adorable with your cute little peepee out for all us girls!” Jessy couldn’t resist teasing him.

“What!?! Jess!?!” Oliver’s face turned about five different shades of red before it settled on crimson.

“What?” Jess gave him another smug look, and stuck her tongue out at him.

“You just need to learn how to talk to boys, Jess.” Tracy explained. She turned her attention back to Oly and said, “I bet you’re going to look just so handsome with your big throbbing cock out for us, Oly!” She winked at him, and then giving Jess another giggle, she said, “See the difference?”

“Oh yeah, totally!” Jess nodded and giggled right along with her friend.

"Come on…" Oly complained, still red as ever.

"You really think we'll get to see Oly pop his cute little boner for us?" Jessy giggled in delight at the red face of her male friend, nudging her elbow into Tracy a couple times.

Tracy hadn't really considered that, and laughed. "I don't know? I wonder how big it is." Directing her question to Oly with a very smug smile, she asked, "How big can your boner get, Oly? You got a big dick or a little tiny peepee?" The two girls just laughed and laughed at their poor male friend, and continued to mock him about how they were going to see his private parts later and discover that truth for themselves.

Oly couldn't bring himself to say much else, mortified at the way the girls continued to tease him during their lunch break. The prospect that his two female friends were really going to see him naked later in the day had him very worried, if this was the way they were going to treat him about it.

When the bell rang to signal the end of classes for the day, the girls were all abuzz as they headed to swim practice. By the time Coach Bayley arrived, most of the girls had already stripped half their clothes off to change into their suits, eager to get into the pool area quickly and see the naked boys. “Ok girls! Listen up!” Their coach shouted, getting the attention of her team. “Everyone drop what you’re doing and come over here! I have a few announcements to make!”

Most of the other girls involved in team sports were finished getting ready and had already headed out the door. That just left the girls’ swim team to discuss matters. “Alright girls. There’s going to be some changes around here starting today!” Their coach started explaining.

A few of the girls let out a tiny giggle. “Because we’re going to be practicing with the naked boys from now on?” One of the more brave, outspoken girls asked.

“Yes. Today marks a new day for this team. A new beginning. We won’t just be practicing with the boys’ team. The girls’ team is merging into the boys’ team starting today. That means I will no longer be the coach of this team. Instead I will be the new assistant coach.”

The girls all tried to look disappointed, but many of them were truthfully happy. They all thought of Coach Bayley as being too tough and mean. They hoped that whoever took over the duty would be much nicer to them. “Coach Willfred from the boys’ team will be taking over as head coach.” Many of the girls let out a groan at that. Coach Willfred was just as tough and strict as Coach Bayley from what they had heard from the boys. Coach Bayley didn’t let the girls' complaints interrupt her, moving on to the next topic, “All of you need to turn in your regulation swimsuits before we head out for practice today. You will all receive your new, school provided, regulation swimsuits sometime later this week before our first meet.”

“Ummm, coach? If we give you our swimsuits, what are we supposed to wear at practice today?” One of the young freshmen girls asked.

“What kind of question is that!?” The coach scoffed. “The boys have always practiced in the nude, and now that the girls’ team is being merged into the boys’ team, the girls will be practicing in the nude as well.”

“WHAT!?!?!?” There were loud uproarious complaints from all of the girls present. Their shrill shrieking voices were almost deafening as they shouted complaint after complaint to each other and their coach.

“Quiet!! Quiet!!” The woman demanded, becoming very angry. “I will not hear another word about this!! Understand!?! All of you, go leave your clothes in your locker and bring me your suits now!!! And not another word!!!!”

Quietly, as if each girl was in a dream, or maybe her own nightmare, each girl headed to her locker to collect their school-provided regulation swimsuit, and leave the rest of their clothes behind. Then, in just as much of a daze, the girls all headed back towards the coach, only to find the woman was no longer wearing her school-provided suit anymore either! The coach looked at the stunned faces of the girls with confusion. “What? Coach Willfred conducts practice in the nude. I will too.” She said, matter of factly. None of the girls had known that little factoid until now. “Now, let's go!”

Inside the pool area, twelve very naked, and very worried boys were all awaiting the newest members of their swim team. Coach Willfred had confirmed to them that the girls’ team would be merging with the boys. As was required of them before practice, the boys all stood in a line in front of the pool, with their hands clasped behind their backs, from youngest to oldest, waiting for their coach to begin their drills. This time however, they needed to wait for the newest members of their team to arrive first. The girls.

The door leading from the girls’ locker room to the pool area suddenly swung open, and the boys all held their breath, waiting for their ultimate humiliation. What they witnessed none of the boys expected. About a dozen very nervous and blushing, slim, fit, sexy, and most importantly, very naked girls, between the ages of thirteen and nineteen, came pouring out of the door and into the pool area, also followed by their very naked coach!!! The twelve boys were awestruck and flabbergasted all at once! How could this be, they all thought, awash with both relief and excitement!

“Alright, girls! Line up over here!” Coach Willfred called, having the girls all line up across from their male counterparts. “Boys, hands behind your backs! You too girls!" He demanded, noticing a few of the boys and many of the girls were trying to contain some of their modesty by covering up with their hands. The boys knew better than to disobey their coach and so quickly uncovered. The man's voice was so loud and commanding, that it didn't take long before the girls too moved their hands behind their backs. Many of the girls were mortified as they realized standing this way meant their chests were thrust out towards the boys, and the boys were beginning to take notice.

The coach paid no attention to the blushes of the girls, continuing on, "Look across from you! The person across from you is your new swim buddy! Their life and their training is in your hands! If they are drowning it is your job to save them! If they are falling behind, it is your job to train them! Understand!?”

“Yes, coach!” The boys all called, used to the way Coach Willfred ran things.

“Ummm, yes, coach…!” Many of the girls realized they should say something too, though not all were in sync.

Coach Willfred started a lecture, about safety and such topics, but this gave both the boys and the girls a chance to really check each other out, standing across from one another. It didn’t take long before a few of the boys had started to grow erections right in front of the girls! Then, more and more, each boy started to salute the girls, until there was only one flaccid cock in the vicinity, belonging to Coach Willfred. Many of the girls couldn’t help giggling at the erect boys, receiving a blush back in response.

“Something funny about swimmers' lung, girls!?” Coach Willfred demanded.

“No, coach. Sorry, coach.” Some of the girls apologized.

“Coach Bayley, I would have expected better from your girls.”

“Yes, coach.” Coach Bayley responded, feeling let down by her former team.

It was a bit more subtle, but the boys were starting to notice that their nudity was having its own effect on the girls’ bodies as well. Many of the girls’ nipples had gone quite stiff and hard, poking out quite a bit from their breasts, and most of them had deep red blushes on their cheeks as they studied the boys in front of them. A few of the girls were even rubbing their legs and thighs together, like little horny teenage crickets, trying to get some relief for the fire that had been lit down below.

The coach turned around and let out a deep sigh, and rolled his eyes, seeing the state of his boys. He knew this would be a problem, but didn't realize just how big of a problem it was going to be. Still, he knew the best thing to do was to get the team's minds off of the fact that they were naked with the opposite gender, and on to the task at hand, their training. It was just going to take some time before the boys and girls got used to each other this way. "Alright, I want to get some baseline records for each of you. We'll start with the front stroke. Ladies first, six at a time, then your male buddies follow. Clear?"

"Yes coach!" The girls had caught on quickly, joining the boys in their response.

"Your clipboard, Ms. Bayley." Coach Willfred said, holding up his stopwatch. Coach Bayley smiled and nodded, going to retrieve it.

While they waited for their coaches to begin, six girls that had been on the team the longest went to line up at the diving area of the pool, with their swimming buddies and the rest of the team all waiting behind them for their turn. Many of the boys let out a great gasp as the girls took their position at the diving blocks, since the girls had bent over at the waist, waiting for the coach to give them the go sign. The six girls were now unintentionally flashing everything in between their legs to everyone, without even knowing it! The horny state the boys were in practically doubled at the sight! It had their cocks raging!! The remaining girls were shocked too, having never seen a girl's private parts displayed so explicitly. Some of them became even more amused as they noticed the effect it was having on the boys, while a few others became nervous, realizing that they too would soon be displaying their privates that way.

The coach blew his whistle, and the girls dove in, swimming swiftly back and forth across the pool. He became very impressed with the girls, seeing that they were no slouches. Many of them could probably give the fastest boys on the team a run for their money. He held up his stopwatch displaying their times to Coach Bayley with a big grin.

"Ms. Bayley?" He cleared his throat, trying to get her attention. Instead of looking at his stopwatch, the woman seemed to have her eyes locked into his bare privates!

"Hum?" She said, finally broken out of her stupor. "The times. Sorry, Joseph… I mean, Coach Willfred." She couldn't help turning red, knowing he had caught her staring. She just cast her eyes downward at her clipboard, quickly jotting down the numbers, quite embarrassed with herself.

Despite his best efforts, Coach Willfred could feel himself plumping up down there. Lisa Bayley was quite the looker as well, having always kept herself in great shape from the swimming, and he found himself taking in her naked form from top to bottom. Watching her as she scribbled down the times. Then he shook his head, doing his best to get any thoughts like that out of his mind for now. It wouldn't do to get a hardon in front of his new team, especially on the very first day. His reputation and authority would be ruined!

While they waited to take their turns, Oly spotted his two best female friends, Tracy and Jess, and decided to strike up a conversation with the two. "Hey girls! Welcome to the team!" He gave them both a very big, very smug, and very toothy grin, as he checked out both their bare bodies. Both girls blushed deeply at him, not believing that their good male friend was actually checking them out while they were naked! Jess even got so embarrassed that she covered up her small breasts with her hands. "Aww, Jess, I thought your itty bitty titties were really cute!" He said, then stuck his tongue out at her.

Jess took a deep breath, and let out a sigh. "I guess I deserve that." Then she let her hand fall back to her sides, and gave him an apologetic smile.

"Why? You were right, Jess. Oly's peepee is really cute." Tracy said with a giggle, and then returned the gesture and stuck her tongue out at him.

Despite his best efforts, Oly couldn't help blushing back, knowing that the girls were checking out his privates too. Even so, he gave the girls a smile and said, "What happened to knowing how to talk to boys?"

Tracy took another look down at his thrust out cock. "I guess it is pretty throbbing!" and she giggled some more. "What do you think, Jess? Good size?"

"Well, I…?"

"Maybe she needs a closer look!" Oly started thrusting his hips, letting his boner hump the air, inching closer to the girls.

"Ewww! No! Keep it away from me!" Jess giggled, trying to shield herself behind Tracy.

"How 'bout you, Trace?"

"Oh God no!" The girl laughed, struggling to switch positions with Jess.

"Enough horsing around! You girls are up." Their coach said with a reprimanding tone, though he couldn't help chuckling a little at the boy's antics.

One of the other girls on the team, the senior brunette, gave Oly a scoff and a glare for what he had just done to the girls, not amused at all. Oly just gave her a cheeky shrug back when he noticed the way she was staring daggers at him, as if to say it couldn't be helped.

The rest of practice went fairly smoothly after that. Eventually most of the boys got their erection to go down, as they started to concentrate on their training. The giggling of the girls died down too, as they became more used to the naked bodies of their male peers, and even Coach Willfred and Coach Bayley became more comfortable with being nude around one another.

As they headed back to the locker room though, the older brunette pulled aside Tracy and Jess to speak with them privately. "Are you two alright?"

"What do you mean, Kira?" Tracy asked her with confusion.

"What that boy was doing. It could be considered sexual harassment and assault." Kira said, trying to express the gravity of the situation to the two girls.

"What? Oly's our friend." Jess explained, trying to defend him.

"Yeah. We were just fooling around. He didn't mean anything by it, and we were giving it back to him just as much." Tracy added. "If not more."

Kira hoped the girls were telling her the truth. "Well, alright. I won't say anything about it, but if he tries to make you do anything you don't want to do, you can come tell me, ok? Don't let yourself feel pressured into having to brush something like that off. I just don't want to find out that anything bad has happened to you."

"Thanks, Kira." Tracy said with a smile, and the two sophomore girls let it go, heading off to their lockers.

Kira was happy that the girls weren't feeling harassed, but she still felt that this mixed nude swimming would eventually lead to problems in the future, and that something had to be done before there was a real sexual assault on the school's hands. She just knew something must be done, but what?

Her chat with Jess and Tracy meant that Kira was the last to be dressed and ready to go home for the day. Even Coach Bayley had gone for the evening. She was just about to head out too, but then she spotted the suggestion box near the coaches office. She couldn't remember seeing that there before.

Pulling out a slip of paper from her purse, she decided this might just be the best way to address the coming problem the school was going to be facing. Plus it would be good to have it in writing. "It's obvious that mixing the boys and girls for nude swimming will lead to raging hormones and big problems. Most of the boys had erections for the entire time we were practicing. Something must be done about that or I feel that the consequences will be dire!!" She felt good as she slid the paper into the little wooden box, as if she had just done her duty for all of the girls on her team, and even all of womankind. There was no way they could ignore her warning now.
