Author: Nick Scipio
Title: Summer Camp - Book 1: Susan
Part: Chapter 07
Universe: Summer Camp
Summary: Coming-of-age story about a teenager whose family spends 
their summer vacations at a nudist camp.
Keywords: mF, FF, teen, oral, anal, exhib, nc
Revision: 2.1
Web Site: http://www.nickscipio.com/summercamp/book1/
FTP Site: ftp://ftp.nickscipio.com/summercamp/book1/
Discussion Forum: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Scipio_Forum/

*****************************************************************
                       STANDARD DISCLAIMER

This story is intended as ADULT entertainment. It contains 
material of an adult, explicit, SEXUAL nature. If you are 
offended by sexually explicit content or language, please DO NOT 
read any further.

This story is a work of fiction. All characters and events 
portrayed in it are fictional, and any resemblance to real people 
or incidents is purely coincidental. The author does not 
necessarily condone or endorse any of the activities described.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without 
the written permission of the author, Nick Scipio 
(nick_scipio@yahoo.com). It may be freely distributed with this 
disclaimer attached.

Copyright (c) 2002-2006 Nick Scipio. All rights reserved.

*****************************************************************

Summer Camp - Book 1: Susan
by Nick Scipio

CHAPTER SEVEN

When the women returned from the bedroom, Susan was leading a 
very shy Stacy. Stacy was wearing tight cut-off shorts and a 
button-up shirt, tied loosely under her breasts.

Sensing that she needed a little encouragement, I let my 
appreciation show on my face.

"Wow! You look really, really good," I said. It was true. Very 
true.

I could barely see the inner curve of her smallish breasts, and 
even though she was very slim, her hips still flared a little, 
and her stomach was gymnast-flat.

With a little coaching and encouragement from Susan, she was soon 
walking in front of me, toying with the opening of her shirt, and 
flashing me quick views of her braless breasts.

"The key is," Susan said, "you've got to make it look like 
revealing yourself is an accident. If people don't know you're 
doing it on purpose, it's even more exciting."

Stacy nodded and tried to look more nonchalant as she exposed 
herself to me, tentatively at first, but then with growing 
confidence.

"Let's go pick out another outfit," Susan said, and led the 
younger woman back toward the bedroom again.

This time, when they emerged, Stacy was still wearing the short 
cut-offs, but she now had on a lacy tube top. The cream-colored 
material was completely sheer, and I could see almost every 
detail of her breasts. Her breasts were much smaller than Susan's, 
shaped like champagne glasses, but her nipples were large and 
very puffy; little cones standing out from the flesh of each 
breast.

Stacy was obviously embarrassed at being exposed like this in 
front of me. That is, until Susan leaned up and whispered 
something in her ear. Stacy dropped her eyes to look at my crotch. 
My hard cock was clearly making an awkward lump in my shorts, and 
upon seeing it, Stacy's eyes widened. A small smile crept over 
her expression, and I could see she was actually beginning to 
enjoy herself.

Susan showed her how to arch her back and stretch so that her 
nipples poked at the sheer fabric and threatened to tear through.

With a turn, Susan led Stacy back to the bedroom once more.

When they returned this time, Stacy was wearing a pair of cut-off 
overalls; and that was all. Without a shirt on, I could clearly 
see almost all of her breasts. Her nipples were discreetly 
covered by the buckles of the straps, but otherwise, she was 
completely exposed.

When she turned to walk in front of me, I could see that her 
nipples were pushing out the straps, and from this angle, she 
might as well have been topless.

"You're very, very pretty," I said.

"Oh, Paul," Susan said to me from slightly behind Stacy, "you 
don't know the half of it. She's beautiful."

With that, Susan began unfastening the buttons on the sides of 
the overalls, first one side then the other. That accomplished, 
she reached up to cup the younger woman's breasts, under the 
straps. Stacy closed her eyes and moaned. When Susan released 
Stacy's breasts, she whispered something in her ear.

As Susan stepped back and began to untie her robe, Stacy reached 
up with one trembling hand and began to undo the metal buttons 
holding up the front of the overalls.

When she released the first one, that side of the overall bib 
dropped to reveal her breast to me in all its glory. With shaking 
hands, she fumbled with the other button. After a few attempts, 
she got the hang of it and released the only button holding the 
overalls on her body.

With the release of the second strap, the bib fell completely 
down, revealing her chest to my appreciative gaze. With a wiggle 
of her hips, the cut-off overalls slid over the slight flare of 
her hips and piled on the floor at her ankles. Her breasts, with 
their puffy pink nipples, were accentuated by her narrow ribcage, 
flat stomach and almost boyish hips. She wasn't skinny, with 
bones showing through, but more slim, with a tuft of brown pubic 
hair at the junction of her legs.

Susan reached around the other woman's torso to cup her breasts, 
gently tweaking Stacy's nipples.

"Do you mind if Paul joins us?" Susan asked gently.

Stacy looked down at the obvious bulge in my shorts and her eyes 
widened in panic for a moment. Quickly, she regained control of 
her emotions and asked, "He's not big, is he? I mean, really 
big?"

"Would you like to see for yourself?" Susan asked over the 
younger woman's shoulder, her face very close to Stacy's.

Stacy nodded jerkily and Susan looked at me, telling me to stand 
up with a flick of her eyes. I stood and pulled my shirt over my 
head. I was worried that Stacy wouldn't like me because I was a 
little bit chubby, but I suppressed that thought and hooked my 
thumbs in the elastic of my shorts and underwear. With one motion, 
I lowered both my shorts and underwear and stepped out, tossing 
them on top of my shirt.

As I stood, my erection flopped free and I stood in all my naked 
glory in front of an almost-complete stranger.

I imagined that there was no way in the world my modest dick 
would be too big for anyone, but still...

For a few moments, Stacy didn't answer, and I shifted nervously 
from foot to foot.

Finally, she nodded jerkily, her eyes locked on my erection. She 
gulped and then spoke in a quiet, timid voice, "Randy had a 
really big dick, and most of the time, he made it hurt."

"Paul would never do that," Susan said, smiling at me.

"Okay," Stacy said tentatively.

"You have such a beautiful body," Susan said as she dropped one 
hand to gently caress Stacy's pussy.

Stacy moaned, then seemed to regain control.

"I have got to touch you," she said to Susan. "Ever since I first 
saw you yesterday, I've wanted to touch you."

"Mmmmmm, that'd be nice," Susan practically purred.

With that, Stacy turned and quickly dropped to her knees in front 
of Susan. Susan watched in shock as the younger woman descended, 
clearly not expecting that reaction.

Stacy gently probed at Susan's smooth labia, and Susan spread her 
legs slightly to give the other woman better access.

I watched, fascinated, as Stacy gently probed and manipulated 
Susan's pussy. Susan bit her lower lip as the younger woman 
started gently kissing and stroking her shaved pussy.

Susan was getting unsteady on her feet, and gently pushed Stacy 
back from her ministrations.

"Let me sit on the couch," Susan said, looking down at the young 
brunette.

Stacy nodded mutely.

Susan walked over to sit on the couch to my right, spreading her 
legs slightly as she sat. I watched raptly as Stacy scooted over 
on her knees to place herself directly in front of Susan's spread 
labia. I was fascinated watching the younger woman tentatively 
licking Susan's pussy.

I'd heard of giving a woman head, but to be honest, until then I 
hadn't really understood what was supposed to happen. As I 
watched Stacy gently probe and lick Susan, I began to get the 
idea.

I would have to try that sometime, I decided to myself--
especially after I saw the look of blissful oblivion on Susan's 
face.

Stacy gently parted the folds of Susan's pussy with her fingers 
and then darted her tongue out to lick the exposed flesh of 
Susan's inner labia. Susan shuddered at the contact. I watched as 
Stacy's tongue circled the hood at the top of Susan's pussy, 
paying attention to Susan's reaction as the younger woman did so.

Susan rested her right hand on top of Stacy's head and moaned in 
pleasure as the younger woman increased her pace, now gently 
probing two fingers into the depths of Susan's pussy. With her 
left hand, Susan reached out and began to stroke my erection.

The look on Stacy's face as she slowly licked and probed Susan's 
pussy mirrored Susan's own look of ecstasy. I was fascinated, 
watching the younger woman perform.

Suddenly, Stacy looked up at me, her eyes wild, and all of a 
sudden, I was afraid she would ask me to leave.

"It's been so long...," she moaned. "I want you to fuck me. Will 
you fuck little Stacy?" she crooned at me.

I nodded hastily, glad that she wasn't mad at me, and began to 
move behind her. From between Susan's spread thighs, Stacy looked 
back at me.

"Just don't come inside me," Stacy said. "Okay?"

When I nodded again, she put her hands back on Susan's thighs and 
returned to her ministrations.

I got down on my knees behind Stacy, marveling at her slim hips 
and shapely ass. My penis pointed like a hot poker at her 
upturned bottom, and I shuffled forward until my dick touched her 
wiry pubic hair.

Always with Susan, she was very wet and ready for me when I slid 
into her from behind. I fumbled a bit with Stacy, trying to find 
the right angle. I reached down with my right hand and grasped 
the base of my penis, sawing my shaft along her pussy lips.

I felt her moisture on my dick and then I felt her pussy open up, 
and my dick easily slipped inside her. Her pussy was much tighter 
than Susan's, almost painfully tight, and as I thrust myself 
inside her, I heard Stacy suck in her breath.

She dropped her head and I slowed my pace, pulling back a little 
and then pushing forward a little. With each slow thrust forward, 
I would enter her a little further. Finally, I had sunk the 
length of my shaft into her vise-like pussy. I put my hands on 
her hips and simply held still.

She raised her head and resumed licking and sucking Susan's pussy, 
so I took that as my sign to begin slowly, gently pumping my dick 
into her.

Her pussy loosened up a little as I began thrusting into her, but 
I still kept my movements slow and deliberate. When I looked up, 
Susan was completely oblivious to the world around her. She had 
her eyes closed and was rolling her head from side to side on the 
back of the couch.

With my hands on Stacy's hips, I slowly slid my cock into her 
pussy, then withdrew it until only the head was inside. I looked 
up at Susan again, and she was kneading her breasts with her 
hands, rolling her nipples between thumb and forefinger.

Maintaining my deliberate pace, I began to run my hands up and 
down Stacy's flanks. Susan began moaning, quickly rolling her 
head from side to side as her pleasure increased. I couldn't see 
what Stacy was doing, but I decided that I wanted to learn how to 
do it too.

I began to wonder where I was going to come, since Stacy had 
asked me not to come inside her. I intended to respect her 
request, but I had few options that wouldn't make a mess.

In any event, Susan began to shudder with signs I recognized, 
signs of her impending orgasm. I buried my dick in Stacy's pussy 
to slow things down a bit and watched as Susan's orgasm built.

Before, I'd always been up close and personal when she began to 
come. Now, I was several feet away, with a lovely young woman 
bent over in front of me; I had a ringside seat for Susan in the 
throes of her orgasm.

A deep flush spread over her face and chest, turning the tanned 
flesh a ruddy color. The muscles of her belly began to contract 
and she held on to Stacy's head with both hands. With a tearing 
moan, Susan arched her back and thrust her legs straight out, 
curling her toes.

Her moan turned into a low scream as her orgasm built, and her 
head started thrashing from side to side. All of a sudden, she 
froze and bent forward at the waist, lifting her shoulders off 
the couch. She slowly hissed through clenched teeth as waves of 
pleasure washed over her.

As suddenly as she had stopped moving, she fell limp, an 
explosive breath escaping her lungs. I was dumbfounded. I'd never 
really watched a woman have an orgasm. Oh, I'd seen it before, a 
time or two, but I'd never paid close attention to the signals 
and reactions. I filed things away in my brain for later use, and 
returned my attention to the girl I was currently deep inside.

Susan was limp on the couch, breathing heavily, and effectively 
dead to the world. Stacy pulled forward, pulling off my cock and 
I had a moment of panic that we were finished. I hadn't come yet!

Stacy pulled her right leg forward and pivoted on her hips, 
rolling onto her back. She motioned me back a few feet and then 
she scooted her hips so that her pussy was directly in front of 
me again.

My penis was quivering with the need to release, coated with our 
combined juices. Stacy spread her legs and put her knees up, 
motioning for me to enter her. I leaned forward and she reached 
between us to grasp my slick member. I put my hands down to 
either side of her and felt her place the tip of my penis at the 
opening of her pussy.

With a groan, I plunged into her slowly. She wrapped her calves 
around my ass and crossed her ankles, holding me tight, my entire 
cock buried in her pussy.

She reached up and cradled my face with her hands and looked into 
my eyes. I could smell Susan on her fingers and the scent made me 
dizzy for a moment. When my head cleared, I was looking down into 
beautiful brown eyes.

"You're not really seventeen, are you?" she asked softly, looking 
into my eyes.

"No," I said, panic welling up in me that if she knew the truth 
she wouldn't have sex with me. All things considered, it was too 
late for that, but that's how my young, and unsure, mind worked.

"I didn't think so. How old are you?"

"Sixteen," I lied.

She simply shook her head.

I caved. "Fifteen." Panic tore through my thoughts, panic that 
she would reject me because I was too young.

She must've seen the panic on my face, for she stroked my boyish 
cheeks and smiled up at me.

"Okay, Mr. Fifteen," she said, grinning, "you fuck pretty good."

My panic turned to relief, and I felt the warm flush of blood as 
I blushed at her compliment.

"Finish off nice and slow. Randy was so big, dumb, and fast that 
I never really got to enjoy it," she said. "You're... nice," she 
said, wiggling her hips beneath me. "Just the right size."

"Thanks."

"Mmm hmm. I'm not on the pill or anything, so just come on my 
stomach when you're ready. Okay?"

I nodded and began to slowly withdraw my cock as she relaxed her 
legs, releasing me to begin thrusting into her. I pulled out of 
her as slowly as I could, then thrust back into her, seating my 
dick in her pussy.

She licked her lips and closed her eyes.

"Mmmmm, that's nice."

I didn't say anything, preferring to concentrate on not coming 
too soon. When I felt that I was close, I would sink my cock into 
her and hold myself inside her, waiting for the sensation to die 
down.

Finally, I could hold out no longer and I felt my come boiling up 
inside my belly. I thrust into her once, quickly, felt my come 
rising, and withdrew my cock hastily.

Once free of the confines of her tight pussy, my dick sprang up 
to slap my stomach and I ground my pelvis forward as I felt the 
beginnings of my orgasm.

Stacy reached down with her right hand and wrapped it around my 
manhood. She squeezed gently and began to stroke me. All of a 
sudden, I felt my come erupt.

As the waves of pleasure broke over me, I squeezed my eyes shut, 
enjoying the sensation as geyser after geyser of my semen gushed 
from my penis. I came hard, and the spurts seemed to last forever. 
I felt Stacy jerk beneath me and cry out in shock, but she kept 
stroking my pulsing organ.

When my orgasm subsided, I opened my eyes. I was amazed at the 
sight before me. And upon seeing my face, Stacy began laughing.

Apparently, my first shot of come had sailed up and struck her in 
the forehead, splattering into her hair. The next shot must've 
hit her right in the middle of her chin. There were droplets of 
my semen all over her face, and all the way from her neck down to 
where my still-twitching penis was cradled in her hand.

"Wow!" she said up at me, laughing.

The look of her beautiful face with my semen on it was so 
incredibly erotic. It was like I had marked her as _my_ territory.

"Would you get me a towel?" she asked, gently squeezing my penis 
for effect.

"Uh, sure," I stammered and climbed out from between her legs.

When I returned from the kitchen with a dishtowel, she was 
sitting up on her elbows. Once again, the sight of her lithe body 
with my semen splattering it was very arousing, and I felt my 
penis twitch.

Stacy noticed too. "Down boy!" she chided gently, teasingly.

I got down on my knees between her still spread thighs and handed 
her the towel. She wiped her face first; then she cleaned down 
her neck, between her breasts, and finally wiped off her flat 
stomach.

She sat up and scooted her hips back, then leaned forward to 
clean my penis too. She was very gentle as she wiped me off.

"Mmmmmm, I didn't realize how much I missed that," she sighed. 
"Especially when I don't have a jackhammer between my legs," she 
said, referring to the unlamented Randy.

-----

I looked up at Susan and saw that she had curled up on the couch. 
Her eyes were open, and sparkling with silent laughter. She put 
her finger to her lips and silently bought my silence.

Stacy pushed me from between her legs, gently directing me until 
I lay on my back on the floor. She then lay down next to me, 
snuggling up to my right side. I awkwardly put my arm around her 
shoulders and lay there silently, not knowing what else to do.

Stacy was quiet for many minutes, the only sound her soft, 
rhythmic breathing. I was trying not to fall asleep; the warmth 
of the afternoon coupled with my powerful orgasm nearly did me in.

I felt Stacy quietly shudder and draw a deep breath. She slowly 
exhaled, and then I felt little tremors as I held her against me. 
I felt the hot wash of her tears on my chest and I did the only 
thing that I could think of--I held her tight and kept my mouth 
shut. Her crying was silent, and it wracked me with anguish that 
there was nothing I could do about it. I just held her close and 
let her silently cry.

A tendril of panic began to gnaw at me. What if I'd somehow done 
something to cause her pain?! I went back over everything that 
had happened in the last hour, but I could think of nothing I'd 
done or said that would cause her to cry.

But afraid as I was that I'd done something wrong, I was more 
afraid of her reaction if I'd let her go. I felt in my bones that 
she needed someone to simply hold her while she shed her silent 
tears.

After perhaps five minutes, her tremors subsided and she sniffled. 
With her free right hand, she reached up and wiped her eyes. She 
sat up partially and I was afraid that she was going to let me go. 
But she only reached back behind her for the towel.

She wiped her face and then smiled up at me with red-rimmed eyes, 
bright with her tears. Then she let out a rueful laugh as she 
wiped her salty tears from my chest. She blew her nose into the 
towel, crumpled it up, and tossed it toward the kitchen.

She lay back down against me and held me tightly. I didn't know 
what to say, or what to do for that matter, so I just wrapped my 
arm around her and squeezed.

She lay quietly for some time, sniffling every once in a while 
and idly tracing her finger in patterns across my abdomen.

"Randy used to be nice," she said, her voice husky with emotion. 
"But toward the end, when he was drinking all the time, things 
got really bad."

She shuddered at the memory, drawing a deep, ragged breath.

"He'd come home from the bar sometimes, and he'd expect me to do 
him. When I wouldn't, he'd slap me, hard. And then he'd bend me 
over, rip my shorts off, and do what he wanted to anyway. He got 
tired of my screams when he didn't use lube, so he started using 
Johnson's Baby Oil."

She stopped abruptly and unexpectedly laughed, a short bark of 
cruel laughter. "I used to love the smell of the stuff, but now I 
gag whenever I smell it."

She was silent for a moment, and I could feel her emotions draw 
her body taut against me.

"He used to fuck me in the ass," she said matter of factly. "He 
knew it got me off, but he was always mean about it. He'd come 
home drunk and he'd go looking for the baby oil. I used to try to 
hide it, thinking that he wouldn't fuck me if he couldn't find 
the oil. But that only made him madder, and he'd slap me harder 
and dry fuck me. That hurt enough that I stopped hiding the oil.

"But he'd come home and go straight for the baby oil. I knew what 
was coming, and by then I'd finally decided to stop having my 
panties ripped off so I'd wait for him in just a t-shirt. The 
dumb bastard thought that meant I wanted what I knew he was gonna 
give me."

Her voice fairly dripped with contempt.

"So he'd shove me over the kitchen table, oil up his monster of a 
dick, and ram it straight into me. I'd get off on it, which was 
the problem. He hated it that I'd get off, and he'd really ram it 
into me, hurting me. Randy had all his brains in his dick. It was 
big enough!

"That wasn't the worst of it though. He used to hang out with 
these two guys, Leon and Little Steve. Leon was a bully too, and 
sadistic. Steve was nicer, but he had this mean streak in him too. 
I guess that's why the three of them got along so well.

"The three of them decided that they could drink cheaper if they 
bought beer and drank it at the rat hole apartment where Randy 
and I lived. And I was their entertainment."

She paused, remembering, and I felt her quivering rage.

"Randy, that prick, loved fucking me in front of them. I guess it 
was his way of showing that he _owned_ me. And then he got 
generous," she said with a snort of contempt. "He offered me to 
Leon. Randy held me down while Leon fucked me. Leon was big too, 
and wide, and he hurt more than Randy, 'cause he was trying to 
hurt me.

"When Leon was done, Little Steve got his piece too. Leon and 
Randy called him 'Little' Steve because his dick was only big, 
not really big. Of all three of those dumbass bastards, Steve was 
the only one who was ever nice to me. He'd actually apologize 
after he screwed me, real quiet so the others couldn't hear. As 
if that made things better!

"He was nice to me until he figured out that I didn't like the 
taste of come. I mean, I'd rather drink shampoo than swallow come. 
Little Steve wanted me to suck him off, and I told him, promising 
to fuck him good if he'd only not make me suck him off.

"Then he got this real mean look on his face and smacked me hard. 
He told me that if I didn't 'open up and say ahh,' he'd cut my 
throat. That got Leon and Randy to sit up and take notice. After 
that, I think they had more fun coming in my mouth than they did 
fucking me until I couldn't walk.

"They'd sit around on their asses, drinking beer, and make me 
suck them off, holding my head down until I'd swallowed. And if I 
gagged, they'd slap me around even worse. After one of 'em would 
come in my mouth, they'd all laugh their asses off; dumb bastards.

"I'd always get 'em beers though. After a while, Randy wouldn't 
let me wear clothes when Leon and Little Steve were over, and 
they'd pinch and poke me when they weren't doing worse. But I 
knew that sooner or later, they'd get too drunk to get it up, or 
they'd pass out, and then they'd leave me alone.

"And then, one day about two years ago, May 22, he was gone. 
Randy, Leon, and Little Steve got the bright idea to fund their 
drinking, none of them had jobs, by robbing a liquor store. There 
was an off-duty State Trooper in the store, and things went bad. 
Or good, depending on how you look at it," she laughed ruefully.

"Leon killed the store owner, the Trooper killed Leon, and Randy 
and Steve high-tailed it outta there. The police came by looking 
for Randy, but I never saw him again.

"I packed up my clothes and walked out of that shit hole 
apartment and never looked back. I took that asshole's car, 
though, 'cause I knew he loved it more than he ever loved me. And 
you know what the funny part is?" she asked, looking up at me, 
her eyes and nose still red.

I merely shook my head.

"I never cried once, while they were doing all those awful things 
to me. Not once," she said fiercely. "Not until now."

She became silent for a few moments, then continued.

"For a long time, I thought I hated men. I certainly hated Randy, 
Leon, and Little Steve. I was with this woman, a lesbian, who 
saved my life. She really did hate men. Without her, I think I 
would've curled up and died. I liked it, for a time. She was what 
I needed, and I'll always love her for it.

"But when Daddy died and I got the insurance money, I knew what I 
wanted to do and I started doing it. The woman I was living with 
had figured out that I didn't really hate men, not like she did, 
and we decided to part as friends. I got this place, and I 
enrolled in the Junior College, and I'm gonna make something of 
myself," she said fiercely. "I don't know if there is a God or 
not, not after what I've gone through, but if there is, He's 
given me an extra chance, and I'm gonna take it!"

With that, she got very quiet, and the only sounds I heard were 
her occasional snuffles.

Slowly, tentatively, she reached down and grasped my flaccid 
penis. She stroked it for a few seconds, but it remained limp. 
Then she sat up to get a better angle.

When she did, she looked up at Susan on the couch, and she froze. 
At the expression on her face, I sat up too, and looked back at 
Susan.

Susan lay on the couch, her head cradled on her hands. Her eyes 
were bright with tears; they had made tracks down her face. When 
she saw us look up at her, she smiled and sat up.

"You heard?" Stacy asked simply.

Susan nodded silently, wiping the tears from her cheeks with her 
fingers. Stacy sat back and crossed her legs, looking silently at 
Susan.

"I think," Susan said, her voice hoarse, "that you're a very 
brave young woman."

Stacy smiled a sad smile. "If what I been through is what it 
takes to be brave, I don't ever wanna be brave again."

Susan's eyes brimmed with tears again, and she smiled a sad smile 
of her own. "No, being brave is what it takes to make it through 
what you've been through. Not what you get out of it."

"Yeah, well, fuck 'em all the same. Fuck Randy, and fuck dead 
Leon, and fuck Little Steve."

"Fuck 'em," Susan said simply.

Stacy turned to me. "Fuck 'em," I said as well.

"Uh-uh, they're gone...," Stacy said. "Fuck me." Her expression 
broke into an infectious grin, and she snuffled.

Susan snuffled in sympathy and began grinning herself. I couldn't 
help but grin along with the two women, although I knew that 
Stacy had far more to be happy about than I did. My relatively 
comfortable life paled in comparison with hers, and I envied her 
drive and determination.

Stacy broke my train of thought by suddenly standing.

"Wait here," she commanded me. I watched her lithe body as she 
walked down the hall to the bathroom.

When she returned, she had a box of tissues, a hand towel, and a 
small jar in her hands. She handed the tissues to Susan, who 
gratefully accepted them, then set the towel and the jar aside.

With a wicked grin and a sniffle, she knelt at my hips. She 
reached out and once again stroked my flaccid penis. When I 
didn't react fast enough for her, she bent forward and 
tentatively took the tip in her mouth.

I began to protest.

She took her mouth off me and sat up, still holding on to my limp 
member. "What's the matter?" she asked, a touch of exasperation 
in her voice.

"I thought you said that you hated... you know...," I said, pointing 
at my dick.

"Giving head?"

I nodded.

"No, I love giving head. I hate having come in my mouth."

"Oh," I said, confused.

"Besides, I don't expect I'll give you long enough to let you 
come in my mouth. I want something else from you," she said with 
a mischievous twinkle in her eye.

With that, she bent forward again and resumed sucking. Soon 
enough, she had me hard as steel. She wasn't as good as Susan, 
her teeth scraped me a few times, and she didn't use her tongue 
as much, but I have learned that there is no such thing as bad 
head. There's only good head and better head. So I leaned back 
and enjoyed the good head she was giving me.

True to her word, before I was even beginning to think about 
coming, she sat up, still gripping my erection. With her left 
hand, she reached behind her to fetch the towel and the jar.

When she released my prick to open the jar, I saw that it was 
Vaseline.

When she got it open, she looked at me very seriously. "I want 
you to fuck me in the ass. I want to come with you in my ass. 
Will you do that for me?"

I'd never even thought of putting my dick in a woman's ass, but 
at the moment, with my erection doing most of the thinking for me, 
I mutely nodded my enthusiasm.

"Good," she said, dipping two fingers into the jar and bringing 
them out with a dollop of the jelly.

She began rubbing the Vaseline onto my dick, stroking and coating 
the entire surface of my cock.

When she had my entire manhood covered in a layer of Vaseline, 
she looked at me seriously, picking up the towel to wipe her 
hands.

"Go slowly, especially when you first enter me. It's been... a long 
time... since I had anyone back there."

I nodded mutely and she got up on her hands and knees, looking 
expectantly at me over her shoulder. When I got up to move behind 
her, I looked at Susan. She smiled at me, her expression speaking 
volumes, her eyes gently laughing at me. She extended her hand in 
a "be my guest" gesture and her smiled broadened.

I moved between Stacy's legs and shuffled toward her upturned ass. 
Her cheeks were spread wide and I could see her little pink 
pucker winking up at me. With my right hand, I grasped the base 
of my slick cock and aimed it at her ass.

When I set the tip against her rectum, she hissed with pleasure. 
My hand still steadying my penis, I begin to push forward. I met 
tremendous resistance, and began to wonder how I was ever going 
to get my dick inside her, no matter how hard I was. When I was 
about to pull back and try again, her ass allowed the head of my 
prick to enter.

Stacy let out a low moan and shuddered. My dick safely inside her, 
I put both my hands on her hips and began to slowly rock back and 
forth. This didn't really move my cock inside her so much as it 
put pressure on her, and she moaned again.

"Okay," she said through clenched teeth, "go easy." The last 
syllable was drawn out into a hiss as I began to slowly inch 
deeper into her ass.

As I had with her pussy, I would enter her a little further, then 
withdraw. Then with my next thrust, I would push a little deeper 
into her. In a few minutes, my dick was buried in her ass.

It was incredibly tight, tighter even than her pussy had been, 
and her ass gripped my cock like a fist.

I held her hips and kept her ass tight against my hips as she 
panted. Once again, I marveled at her lithe body, the gentle 
curve of her back before me. I looked up at Susan and saw her 
smiling at me, one hand gently caressing her nipple.

"Okay," Stacy said, once she had regained her breath, "go slow."

I slowly withdrew my entire length from her and she groaned deep 
in her chest. I then thrust my hips forward, slowly impaling her 
on my length again. She shuddered under my hands as I repeated 
the motion and picked up a slow rhythm.

Every time my hips would press against her ass as I fully buried 
myself in her ass, she would cry out in pleasure. I maintained my 
slow, deliberate pace, enjoying her outbursts as I thrust myself 
into her.

"Mmmmmm, that feels nice," she said, her head down. "You can go a 
little faster, if you want."

I wanted.

I quickened my pace slightly, still marveling at the tightness of 
her ass. It was tighter and hotter than anything I'd ever felt. I 
know that wasn't saying much, but I quickly realized that I was 
really enjoying fucking her in the ass.

"Faster," she pleaded over her shoulder.

Faster I gave her. Soon, I was pumping my slick cock into her 
with powerful strokes. She would whimper each time my hips 
slammed into her ass and buried my cock up to the root inside her.

I didn't know how long I could hold out at this pace, but I 
resolved to do my best.

"I... want... you... to... come... in... my... ass...," she panted between 
thrusts. "Come... in... my... assssssssssssss!"

With those words, I slammed my prick deep into her ass and 
gripped her hips tightly, feeling my eruption welling up in my 
belly. With a grunt of my own, I let loose inside her.

As I began to come, I felt her shudder powerfully and she moaned 
long and low. I knew she was coming, but I was mostly oblivious 
as I spent myself within the furnace of her ass.

When I finally finished coming, she was still quaking and 
whimpering with pleasure. I collapsed on top of her, supporting 
myself with one arm while I wrapped my right hand around her 
chest to cup her pert breasts.

We panted in unison with the power of our orgasms, my dick still 
hard in her ass.

Very quietly, as if to herself, I heard her say, "Screw you, 
Randy. That's how you shoulda fucked me in the ass."

I was dimly aware of Susan getting up from the couch, but it 
wasn't until she returned quietly that I fully realized that 
she'd been gone.

I slowly straightened and began to ease my half-hard dick out of 
Stacy's ass. She moaned with a mixture of pleasure and pain as I 
withdrew. When I felt my dick pop from her ass, I realized that 
Susan was kneeling beside me.

I felt a warm wetness on my shrinking penis, and looked down in 
shock. I relaxed as I saw that Susan had a warm, soapy washcloth 
and was gently cleaning my cock. When she finished, she wiped me 
off with another wet washcloth. She then folded the soapy cloth 
in half and began to clean Stacy too.

When she finished, she stood and walked back toward the bathroom. 
I sat back and folded my legs Indian-style as Stacy rolled over 
to sit with her back against the couch. Susan returned shortly 
and joined us on the floor, sitting with her knees together and 
her legs folded to one side.

-----

We chatted for a while, but as it was getting late in the 
afternoon, Susan sent me a look that said "we need to go soon."

I reluctantly agreed.

Stacy could sense the direction of the conversation and stood 
gracefully, retrieving the white robe Susan had discarded earlier.

She belted the thin fabric around her lithe frame and stepped to 
the door of the trailer. She quickly returned with Susan's dry 
skirt and panties.

Susan put on her panties as I began searching for where my own 
clothes had ended up.

"Hold on a second, Mr. Fifteen," Stacy said.

Susan looked at me archly.

I shrugged.

"I forced it out of him," Stacy said to Susan.

The day before, I'd told Susan that I'd lied to Stacy about my 
age, and Susan had thought that best at the time.

"He's easy like that, isn't he?" Susan said to Stacy, clearly 
enjoying herself at my expense.

"Uh-huh," Stacy said cheerfully.

Turning back to me, she stepped close, pressing her thinly-
covered nipples against my chest. She reached up and put her hand 
on the back of my neck and pulled my head down. I watched with 
fascination as she closed her eyes, tilted her head to the side 
and parted her lips slightly. She stood on tiptoes and crushed 
her lips against mine.

I had kissed girls before, but never like this. Those earlier 
kisses were furtive and experimental. This kiss... now this was a 
kiss! Her lips were tender and gentle as she kissed me with a 
slight pressure.

I wish I could remember more details about that kiss, but 
unfortunately, I can't. I can only remember the feeling that 
flooded my body, beginning with my mouth. As our lips were locked 
together, slightly parted, I could feel her tongue dart out and 
caress mine. My penis, untouched, began to grow, and soon was 
pressed against the slick fabric covering her pussy.

Finally, she broke the kiss and I inhaled a great gulp of air. 
I'm sure I looked for all the world like a poleaxed ox as I gazed 
down into her beautiful face. She licked her lips and then slowly 
opened her eyes, meeting my own and smiling up at me.

"Mmmmm," she said dreamily. "I've missed that too."

She withdrew her hand from the back of my neck and stepped back a 
half-step. Looking down at my erection, she laughed and looked 
back up at my face. I blushed furiously.

"Did you like that?" she asked, her eyes teasing me.

I could only nod.

"Me too."

As Stacy stepped back another pace, we both turned to look at 
Susan, who was grinning at the two of us.

I blushed a deeper red and quickly resumed looking for my 
discarded clothing.

"Are you really a friend of his mother's?" Stacy asked, turning 
to Susan.

"Yes."

"Wow. Cool."

"Mmm hmm."

I finally found my clothes, and began putting them on as the two 
women talked.

"I'd like...," Stacy began, then paused to summon her courage. "I'd 
like to see you again."

"I'd like that too," Susan said. "We'll be back in town Wednesday, 
to pick up our order from the hardware store."

"Both of you? Great!" Stacy gushed. I reminded myself that while 
she might be several years older than I was, she was still very 
young. "I'll switch shifts with another girl at the store. I'll 
get off at two."

"Do you want us to pick you up at the store?"

"That'd be great."

"Okay, we'll see you at the store at two on Wednesday," Susan 
said.

With that, she leaned forward and kissed Susan on the cheek. She 
then turned to me and gave me another smoldering kiss on the lips. 
I could feel her nipples boring into me through the thin fabric 
of her robe and my t-shirt. The kiss wasn't as long as the first 
she'd given me, but it lasted quite a bit longer than any other 
kiss I'd ever had.

"Thank you," she said to me in a quiet voice as she released me.

I didn't exactly know what she was thanking me for, but I was 
polite enough to know to just say, "You're welcome."

Susan and I headed out to the station wagon, and Stacy waved to 
us from the door to her trailer. In her thin white robe, she 
looked even more beautiful than before.

With waves of our own, we got in and slowly drove away.

"I think she likes you," Susan said to me as we turned onto the 
main road, half teasing, half serious.

I blushed furiously and didn't say a word.

-----

Copyright (c) 2002-2006 Nick Scipio. All rights reserved.
