This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, 
copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by 
commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial 
publication, including websites, without the express permission of 
the author, will be followed up with legal action.  This fictional 
story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be 
viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of 
fiction.  In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV 
and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips 
his wick" or "rides the rod" with impunity and without protection.

---

Antichrist (MF, con)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

The stars are aligned...the time is right...my ascendance is at 
hand!

Well, not "at hand" literally...I made sure that my host "father" 
was actually having sex with a woman instead of masturbating.  I 
have destroyed the other sperm in his testicles and am currently 
awaiting his inevitable orgasm and ejaculation.  The woman's womb 
will be mine!

I am the Antichrist! It is my time!

Yes, at the moment I am a mere sperm, but an evil one, I assure you! 
Am I not he who will bring about the End of Days?  My true father, 
the great Satan, has placed me here, in this man's balls.

I must be born of a sinful act...my host "father" is not married to 
the woman he copulates with right now, and they do not use a condom, 
nor is she on any birth control.  Sin, man! SIN! She is ripe for my 
implantation!

I tune my diabolical spermy sense of hearing to the passion play 
"outside"...

"Yes! Oh God, yes!" the woman cries out.  I will overlook her using 
the "G" word, since she is to be my mother.  Once I am born I will 
make sure she never uses it again, though!

"Harder! Harder!" Yes, lustful man...harder! Coax me from your 
nethers, so that I may bring the Netherworld to you!

Now there is heavy breathing...not so much talking...that is good.  
They are deep in their sinful passion.

After a few minutes the man gasps out, "You're so tight...I'm gonna 
cum soon..."

"Yes! Do it inside me! I want to feel it!" she cries.

I prepare for my assault.  The man speeds up his thrusting...soon 
now...

I hear them both cry out.  The walls of my prison shudder, then I am 
thrown forward.  I am the only rider on the flume ride at the 
smallest water park....WOOOO!!

I rush through the length of his penis and out into darkness.  Yes! 
I begin my inexorable journey to her awaiting egg.  I will not be 
denied!

After a bit of time I realize that one of my spermy senses tells me 
something is wrong.  Is that...

No...

They were more sinful than I thought.

Sorry, Dad.  No End of Days; just the end of the road, or in this 
case, the Hershey Highway.

Aw, poo.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective 
(krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)