Epilogue

It was a victory, of sorts. At least, it was a little victory amidst all the chaos and oddities of Light's last days of life.

He was fucking Mello, getting to bury his shaft over and over inside that slender, exquisite ass, the first time Light had ever been allowed to do that, to be the one penetrating.

Though, it had been allowed on very particular terms. Light was lying on his back on the cold tile of a bathroom floor, the stumps of his amputated arms still with the incredibly painful sensation of burning they'd had ever since Mello cauterized the severed parts with a red-hot iron. Light's legs were tied together with his own trousers, while Mello rode him mercilessly.

It was hot, tight and wonderful inside Mello, better than it had ever been inside Misa. And it was marvelously distracting from the pain of his missing arms. Light needed the distraction intensely, craved it with a mindless want. Pain and pleasure swirled together in his brain and he was certainly not going to let pain win.

That was not acceptable. Pain would never win.

Mello was teasing and nasty, riding hard enough to almost abuse Light's penis, constantly gasping out like a whore, with his mouth in a perfect "O" of pleasure.

Light could feel the rising surge within him. Every instinct he had urged him to release now, now, any moment now, into the moist, feverishly warm hole that was squeezing him, trying to milk him of every last drop of his essence. The skin on his cock was tingling and sensitive, so sensitive, almost too much to bear. Light was trying to arch his back further, feeling that heavy gathering of everything between his legs about to explode.

And then there was an unpleasant jolt as Mello leaned down and bit Light's shoulder hard, shockingly hard, right in a bruise Mello had bitten there before.

Mello's voice hissed in Light's ear, "You're not allowed to go soft on me yet. I want to jizz on your face."

Mello sat up straight again, laughing, his face contorted, looking positively insane and frightening, continuing to slam himself down relentlessly over Light's hard, swollen penis, bringing back the building feeling of tingles and the heavy, concentrated desire.

Light whimpered involuntarily as he saw Mello stroking his own cock and aiming it, pointing at Light's face with that straining, dripping, incredibly swollen organ that looked as if it could take no more without coming.

Disconnected thoughts meandered through Light's brain, attempting to speculate about the distance Mello could ejaculate, but they were drowned out and scattered by Mello's relentless riding, by the way it was starting to almost hurt it was so good, and by the awareness of the trembles starting to shake Light's frame as he needed to finish, needed to finish badly.

And he was almost there. Light closed his eyes. He arched, rocking his hips up to meet Mello's downward thrusts.

Surging, surging within, almost there.

Light's penis was completely enclosed in a hot wet bliss that squeezed and rubbed him exactly right, winding the tension higher and higher with each stroke.

"Fuck," Light yelled, "fuck!"

And then he was feeling warm ropy spurts falling onto his chin and his neck. One slight upward movement of his hips later he was coming too, a blinding, mindless orgasm, a crest of pure pleasure that wiped out everything in its wake, destroying all thought and reason.

Light was only dimly aware of his legs wildly scrabbling and his painful arm-stumps throbbing as his cock continued to be a white-hot point of pleasure that sent ripples through his entire being.

Mello's fingers were sliding into Light's mouth, pushing the semen splattered along Light's chin inside his lips, but Light didn't care, he simply twitched and twitched in the aftershocks, tasting that bitter essence as he basked in a warm glowing feeling.

His arm-stumps hurt, hurt enormously.

Mello closed Light's nose with pinched fingers and sealed Light's mouth with a hand, refusing to let go until Light had swallowed every last bitter drop.

Then Mello leaned down and kissed him. It was an angry kiss, hard and insistent. Light hated Mello as he kissed him back, but he wanted it, he positively craved it.

Mello broke the kiss, got up and began to pick through the scattered items of clothing on the floor. He said, "I'm leaving."

Light tried to sit up and screamed as the raw end of one of his arm-stumps brushed the floor, the crusted burnt scabs painfully cracking.

Mello said, "Honey, I didn't know you loved me that much! Are you going to miss all the rape?"

Light panted, getting back his breath, trying to will his mind away from the pain, pain, pain that was now back full-force with nothing to distract him.

As soon as he thought he could speak without embarrassing himself, Light said, "How could you go? We've got two days of life yet, and I wrote that you can't leave this place."

"No, Sweetie Pie, at that point you had already been fooled by fake paper. It was either Bitch Number One or Bitch Number Two who wrote my name. Amane or Mikami. My bet is on Amane, but Near wouldn't tell me which one, the bastard."

That's impossible. Mikami knows nothing of Mello. Misa would have written Mello's name if I failed, but if I had fake paper when I wrote Mello's name, then Misa should almost certainly have been tricked by fake paper as well. 

Also, if I had fake paper when I wrote Mikami's name, then he never should have arrived to flip the trash can and become a suspect, so that proves I wasn't using fake paper.

Unless the capsule I hid inside the mattress was switched while I was asleep.

Or unless Near wrote down Misa's name before she ever met me at the airport and she unknowingly cooperated and confessed all my plans to the SPK.

It doesn't matter! Mello is probably lying, trying to mess with my mind. Or Near lied to Mello.

Light said, "Even if you can leave, there's nothing for you to do."

Mello hesitated, then narrowed his eyes and said, "Something that little atheist shit said to me has been getting on my nerves. I'm going to find a priest and confess everything. I've got so many sins it'll probably take most of the time I've got left just to say it all. Murderers rarely go to heaven, and I don't deserve a place there, but I might as well try. God can forgive anything."

"It's useless."

Mello said, "Why am I telling you this? Just in case I don't meet you in hell, Light Yagami, I want you to think of the paradise I'll be enjoying myself in after I earn my way out of purgatory, while you writhe in eternal torment."

"No," Light said, "I mean, it's useless because those places don't exist. There is no heaven or hell, only nothingness."

Mello's face was suddenly close, leaned down, his eyes large and looming, his breath tickling and oozing over Light's chin as he spoke.

"Are you so sure that a shinigami would tell you the truth? This is a shinigami who knows almost nothing about its own powers and, because of some stupid-ass rules, it is unable to tell you most of the important things it does know."

Light laughed bitterly and said, "It's better than trusting a book that's so old that even the simplest historical events in it can't be verified, a book that also contains numerous internal contradictions."

Mello's fist whipped out and across Light's jaw. Pain lanced through Light's face and neck as his head twisted viciously to the side. Black spots swam in front of his eyes. When he stopped blinking in confusion, Mello was standing next to Light's head, wearing nothing except shiny black boots and a dribble of semen trickling down one thigh.

Mello said, "I don't believe in a book. I believe in God. There's a difference."

"Your pope is supposed to be infallible-"

Light's words were stopped by a boot on his neck, crushing and making him wheeze painfully through the little gap that was left for breathing.

Mello smiled and said, "I'll tell you one more thing, Light. Something to comfort your thoughts in your last two days of life, huh? It's possible my name wasn't written down for real. There were many deceptions and I suspect Near may have been controlling your little girlfriend. My opinion is that nobody fully knew what was happening. I might walk out of here and live. What do you think of that?"

Without waiting for an answer, Mello pressed down hard with his boot. Light hated him with a fierce, burning hatred.

Mello's smile got wider and he said, "Listen, you obedient fuck! You'll get hornier and hornier, but no matter what you do, you won't be able to have an orgasm. You'll become desperate, rutting against everything you can reach, but you'll only get more turned on in the process. You'll never have an orgasm. By the time you die, you'll be as frustrated as it is humanly possible to be!"

Mello paused, and when he spoke again his voice sounded very dangerous.

"Light, I bet you're curious about the death I wrote for you. I think it's time I told you. You'll commit suicide by hanging yourself with your own intestines."

I hope that's not possible. How am I supposed to do that with no arms? Maybe it'll be a heart attack by default. Yes, that's what it will be.

The boot withdrew.

Light didn't say anything. He closed his eyes and was consumed with hatred, listening to Mello dress. When he heard the footsteps of his tormenter leaving, he couldn't help himself. He wriggled one leg out of the tied-up trousers that bound them together, managed to lurch to his feet, and walked after Mello's disappearing form, seeing only a flash of blond hair around a corner to guide his path.

He stumbled out into an empty hallway and heard Mello's voice and someone else's voice, out of sight somewhere.

Down the stairs. That's the only place. Can Mello really leave this hotel? If there is someone else who will tell him to leave, will his forced obedience to commands override the part I wrote about him not leaving?

Or is he telling the truth, that I wrote his name on fake paper?

I confessed everything to Mello, so he knows where all the death notes are. If he lives, he could be extremely powerful.

Unless Near forced Misa to confess, in which case Near has probably already collected them.

Light hurried, gritting his teeth and ignoring the pain, along with his erection that was somehow surging back, demanding attention. He wanted to rub it on the walls. The thought of being left utterly alone for the rest of his short life was a cold, vice-like feeling around his heart. He tried to keep his thoughts on the present, not the future.

He almost fell, going down the stairwell with as much speed as he dared. When he came to the bottom of it he could just see the backs of Mello and someone else at the other end of a long hallway.

Light shouted, "Hey!"

The other guy turned around. He was young, probably the same age as Mello, wearing goggles and a leather vest.

The guy said, "Mello, you cut off his arms?"

Mello turned around, and as if Light wasn't even there, said to the other guy, "Oh, I'm not a complete monster. I asked Light nicely if he would trade his arms for a chance at sticking his dick into my asshole, and he agreed. It was a fair trade. It felt pretty good, too. Yes, both of us got exactly what we wanted. It was very satisfying."

I hate you! You, you utter asshole! You filthy stain on society! What I want is to tear your eyes out and force-feed them to you and strangle you to death while I rape you with a chainsaw! No, I want to resurrect L, rape him with a chainsaw while you watch, and then feed you the bloody chunks!

Light said nothing, unwilling to toss one last insult Mello's way because the guy seemed to get off on it. Mello loved insults and anger. Light grunted and turned his head away, closing his eyes.

He heard the two sets of footsteps leaving, soft scuffling sounds on the carpet. He kept trying to will away both his pain and the rising horniness that was becoming intolerable.

It felt like an eternity that he spent in silence, pain and arousal.

At last, in response to the insistent needs of his throbbing penis, he opened his eyes and began looking around for something to give him relief, regardless of how futile it was.

Light didn't see Mello, but he wished the man were still around to play with.

A/N (Author's Note):

It took quite a long time to get here, but this is the end.

Well, Matt finally appeared for his extremely brief cameo.

And if Mello is going to confess, I pity the priest.

Light is certainly going to die, either by hanging himself with his own intestines, or, if that is impossible because of no arms, then a default heart attack. I don't really feel like writing a death scene for him. I think the horror of what might possibly happen works better if it is ambiguous and isn't shown (and also if it ended up being hanging with his own intestines, I think that's too gory for me to want to write the scene).

Mello's fate is left ambiguous, to readers and to himself. If you really want to know, I did leave more hints in the direction that Mello may survive, but it could go either way.

Misa and Mikami probably both die. If Light didn't get them, Near probably did.

It is extremely likely that everyone else survived.

If you really want to know whether Mello and Near cooperated to trick Light or whether Mello escaped entirely on his own and then acted on his own, that is also left ambiguous, but I put more hints in the direction that they were probably collaborating (but in their usual way of cooperating with plenty of hate and lies mixed in).

If you wish there was more to this fic, there might be a little more: a deleted scene that I plan to upload as a chapter of "Smutty Shorts" since it didn't seem to fit and I decided not to make it part of the story.

When will it appear? Whenever I finish editing it. It's not much more than a sex scene. Gevanni and Mello get intimate when Mello is under Gevanni's care. I thought the sex scene seemed out of place, which is why I never uploaded it as part of this fic and decided not to include it here.