Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Twenty-Four: The Maid Devours Incestuous Passion
Summary: Lance and his maids continue their track across the Otherworld!
Keyword: mF FF mFf mc inc oral facial anal A2M exhib voy lac super

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother. 
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Seductress
The Stalker
The Twin
The Weeper
The Woods

Lance Hayward

I finished the stew that Cali had made out of the energy or substance of the Otherworld. I was inside her. My purple-eyed maid had transformed into a cabin. It was all purple, from the walls to the fireplace to the pillows and blankets my maids and I were sitting on. 

That was good, Cali, I groaned, my belly full of the stew. 

You're welcome, Master, she said. I am in need of more energy to keep you safe through the night. May I suggest some anal and then ass to mouth?

I glanced at the door. Outside, it was night in the Otherworld. Sometimes, the walls quivered as the things out there tried to get in. My maids needed their rest. I wanted to get out there and find my mother, kidnapped by the Seductress.

She was in danger, and I had to wait until morning to keep up the hunt for her. I felt like I had abandoned her. I didn't want to, but we couldn't keep going like we had. I had no choice but to hole up in here.

And I had to keep Cali fed with sexual energy.

I glanced over and noticed Deidre. She was naked, her blonde hair falling around her face, her round breasts rising and falling. She was my age or so, a cutie who smiled at me. Her orange garter almost glowed on her pale thigh. She spread her legs apart.

Ever been fucked in the ass? I asked.

Yep! She grinned from ear to ear. I'm a slutty preacher's daughter! 

She rolled over onto her hands and knees, wiggling her rump at me. Then she parted her butt-cheeks and exposed her brown sphincter. That hole was stretching open, all ready for me to just fuck her hard.

She definitely was worthy of that orange garter. Damn.

I moved toward her, the other maids watching. I had twenty-two of them with me, not counting Cali. I had only left ten behind, including Bella who was pregnant with our son. I wished she was here, but at least she was safe.

My little sister was here. Kylie saw me moving in place to fuck Deidre and darted before her. Kylie dropped down on her rump and spread her thighs, her pigtails swaying around her face. Deidre didn't hesitate to start eating.

Ooh, you are such a slut, Deidre, moaned Kylie. I'm so glad I told Aunt Nancy about her.

I smiled. I'm glad you told Aunt Nancy, too.

Mmm, our aunt purred as she currently had her youngest daughter Izzy feasting on her twat while Alisha and Alice suckled on her nipples. The Arabic and Black Maids nibbled on my aunt's fat nipples. So glad.

I pressed my cock into Deidre's butt-crack. I slid down my Slut-Maid's crack until I found her asshole. She had a tight one that was just begging to be fucked by my dick. I couldn't wait to ram into her and hammer her hard.

I pushed against her bowels. She whimpered, her backdoor widening and widening to take my dick. She stretched open to the limits. I shuddered as she gasped. My dick popped into her bowels. It was exciting to fill her anal sheath up.

Oh, Master, that's such a big dick, moaned Deidre. Way bigger than the last guy!

Master Big Brother has the best cock! Kylie squealed, winking at me.

The entire harem groaned their agreement.

I smiled at all their passion as I sank to the hilt in Deidre's asshole. I loved the feel of her velvety bowels around my cock. I savored it so much as she feasted on my little sister's cunt. I drew back my shaft, enjoying that tight grip.

I thrust back into Deidre's bowels. I gripped her slender hips and fucked the preacher's daughter hard. She moaned, her voice muffled by hot cunt. My sister's delicious snatch. I loved it as I kept fucking her bowels.

I pounded her anal sheath with force. I thrust to the hilt in her bowels again and again. Her anal sheath clenched down on me. It was an incredible rush to plow into her asshole. My nuts slapped into her taint.

Damn! I groaned as I fucked her hard. That's good. That's so good!

Yes, Master! Deidre moaned.

Ooh, fuck her so hard, Master-Big Brother! gasped Kylie. Yes, yes, fuck her with everything that you have! Just pound her and cum in her bowels! She's your little fucktoy!

Your Fucktoy-Maid, Master! Deidre agreed, her bowels massaging my dick with her hot flesh.

I groaned, enjoying that tight sheath. I fucked her hard, the pleasure building and building in my nuts. As they slapped into her taint, I ached to cum in her. I wanted to watch her make my sister climax, too. 

Kylie trembled on her back on the blankets. She gasped, her small boobs jiggling. Her head tossed from side to side as Deidre feasted on her cunt. That naughty maid pleasured my little sister. I loved it so much.

My nuts grew heavier and heavier with my cum. With the need to erupt into her anal sheath. I fucked her bowels hard and fast, her velvety sheath bringing me closer to the edge. I wanted to just erupt in her asshole.

Make my little sister cum, I growled. I want you to make her explode!

Yes, Master! Deidre moaned.

Ooh, ooh, suck on my clit, slut! Kylie moaned. Oh, Master-Big Brother, she's going to make me just explode!

Good! I growled, hammering Deidre's asshole.

I pumped away at her bowels as I loved the way her anal sheath squeezed about me. She held me so tight as she suckled on my sister's clit. Kylie quivered there, her face twisting with delight. She grabbed her small boobies and massaged them.

She pinched her nipples, twisting them. She gasped out in delight as she bucked. Her climax swept through her. She drowned the slut. I loved that. I was so glad that she was gushing her juices and soaking her lips in pussy cream.

Oh, Deidre! gasped Kylie. Ooh, that's just amazing. Oh, yes, yes, Deidre!

Fuck! I growled and slid my hands around Deidre's body. I grabbed her round boobs. Let me feel that asshole going wild!

Yes, Master! she moaned and squeezed her anal sheath down on my dick. I'm almost there. I love cumming like a slut on a big dick, Master! And yours is the biggest. Oh, my God, yes!

Her anal sheath convulsed around my dick. I loved the way her bowels spasmed around me. That was just incredible to feel as I pumped away at her asshole. She suckled at me. I groaned as I buried into her, my nuts slapping into her taint.

Fuck! I groaned and erupted.

My cum fired into her asshole.

I pumped blast after blast of jizz into her asshole as I felt the sexual energy wash out of me and into the cabin. It groaned as Cali was refreshed with energy. I shuddered, spurt after spurt of my cum flooding the slut's asshole.

Master! Deidre moaned, her voice muffled by the hot cunt that she devoured.

Ooh, ooh, flood her bowels, Master Big Brother! Kylie squealed.

I groaned, loving every blast of cum erupting from my dick. Pleasure shot through me and crashed into my mind. I loved every eruption. It felt so good. The ecstasy blazed across my thoughts as I dumped my cum into her asshole.

I shuddered, savoring that heat. I loved how I flooded her bowels with my jizz. I pumped spurt after spurt of my cum into her anal sheath. It was an outstanding rush to have all that pleasure surging through me.

Shit, I groaned as I erupted again and again. Oh, shit!

Her anal sheath suckled at my dick. She worked out all my cum. I groaned as I pumped the last spurt of my jizz into her. I felt so amazing. My maids were all moaning around me, making love. They were all inspired by me.

I pulled out of her asshole and stood. I looked around and spotted Abigail and Marsha making out. The two new Scholar-Maids were kissing with such passion. Both had glasses and both had such great tits. 

Marsha, Abigail, come suck my dick clean, I ordered.

They broke apart and moaned, Yes, Master!

I shuddered at the way they purred. They both sat up and licked their lips. They stared at my dick twitching and throbbing, just begging for them to come and suck on me. They crawled toward me together, so eager to suck the dirty flavor of Deidre's asshole off my cock.

The two maids stared up at me, Abigail a blonde and Marsha a brunette. They both had such sexy glasses on. They both grabbed my dick and leaned in to start cleaning. The licked up the sides of my cock, buffing clean my shaft.

Fuck, I groaned as their warm, wet tongues slid higher and higher until they stroked over the tip. 

They wicked at me as they both licked at me again. I loved the stroking delight of their tongues climbing up my shaft to the crown again. They flicked over it, their lips meeting. They kissed me, my cock nuzzling into their mouths.

Shit, I breathed at how hot this was.

They both broke the kiss and flicked their tongue around the crown of my cock. They buffed the tip clean before Abigail swallowed my cock. The blonde maid slid her lips down my dick, moaning as she did.

It was outstanding to have her suckling on me like that. She nursed with such passion on my cock. I loved every second of it. This heat washed through me as she flicked her tongue around my shaft. She suckled on me and bobbed her head.

I loved this smart maid sucking on my dick. She had a Ph.D., and yet here she was serving me. Loving me. She moaned, her blue eyes twinkling as she suckled hard on my cock. I loved every second of her polishing my pole.

Ooh, let me clean Master's cock, too, Abigail, Marsha moaned.

Yes, yes, got to let Marsha have her turn, I panted, loving the sight.

Abigail slid her lips up my cock and plopped off. Drool ran down her chin as Marsha swooped in and swallowed my cock. She nursed on me with passion. My nuts twitched from the force of her suckling. She pleasured me with that hot mouth.

I loved what she did to me. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with passion, her glasses shifting on her nose. Abigail watched on, smiling as Marsha polished my cock clean of Deidre's asshole.

Ooh, ooh, you're doing so good, Abigail encouraged. That's it. I can tell Master loves what you're doing!

Love it so fucking much, I groaned. Damn.

The naughty slut bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my cock for another moment before she slipped her lips off, sending a burst of pleasure down my dick. Abigail engulfed me and suckled hard.

I slid my hands through their blonde and brown tresses, gripping them both. I loved the feel of Abigail blowing my dick. She loved me with that hot mouth, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. I would erupt into her mouth.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. That's good. That's really good!

She winked at me then switched.

Marsha took over again. The brunette loved my cock. She polished me clean. They both were just so good at this. I loved what they did to me. My nuts tightened as the pressure swelled in me. I wanted to cum across both of their faces.

Just jizz across them both. That would be incredible. My cock throbbed and twitched as the pressure in my nuts hurtled toward that bursting point. Marsha suckled hard before she passed me off to Abigail.

They went back and forth.

One sexy woman with glasses sucked my dick after the other. They had those librarian glasses. My cock throbbed as Abigail and Marsha loved me. They traded me, their hands stroking my dick in such delightful ways.

I loved every second of what they did to me. I groaned, rising toward that moment of eruption. My hands gripped their blonde and brown tresses. I held their silky locks as my nuts tightened. The pressure hit the bursting point.

I want to cum on your faces! I growled.

Marsha popped her mouth off my dick and moaned, Yes, yes, cum on our faces, Master Hayward!

Cum all over our glasses, Master! Abigail added, staring up at me with such love.

The sight of them both begging with their eyes as they stroked me with their hands drove me toward that moment of release. I groaned, my cock twitching and throbbing. I worked toward that moment of release.

Fuck, yes! I groaned, the pleasure swelling in my nuts. Oh, shit, that's so good. Fuck!

I erupted.

My cum splashed across both maids' glasses. I coated their lenses in my pearly cum. I erupted again and again, my jizz soaking their lenses. I splattered them in all my passion. It was such a rush. Such a release to plaster them in my spunk.

They thrust open their mouths to catch my cum on their pink tongues. I hosed them down, the pleasure sweeping through me was intense. Delicious. I shuddered through the pleasure and hit that wonderful peak of rapture.

I fired one more blast of cum across the two glasses-wearing maids. 

Damn, I groaned as the pair dripped in my jizz. They had so much of my seed running down their faces and coating their glasses. Now lick it off!

They took off their glasses as they cooed, Yes, Master!

They licked up the pearly cum on their lenses. Their pink tongues stroked over their glasses and gathered up my jizz. I groaned at the sight, feeding the sexual energy to Cali. The other maids moaned around us as Abigail and Marsha licked again.

They were so delicious to watch gathering up the cum. Just a treat to see them licking and lapping up the jizz. I smiled at them, savoring the sight of them doing such wanton things together. My cock throbbed with the delights

I should get some rest, but I bet Cali needed more to get her though the night.
~~*~~
Aunt Nancy
Did those little sluts please you, Master? I cooed to my hunky nephew.

Yes, they did, Lance said, his cock throbbing as those two women were licking cum off each other's faces.

That's good. I slid my finger across his cock. Does Cali have all the energy she needs to sustain us through the night?

He shook his head.

No? I smiled. What are we going to do about that, Master Lance? Perhaps you need to have your aunt riding your big dick. Mmm, do you want your Auntie-Maid riding you, Master?

Fuck, you are a wanton slut, Aunt Nancy, he groaned as my hand stroked his cock. I worked up and down him. Damn, you are just naughty.

I know, I said as he sank to the ground and stretched out on his back. I love being your wanton slut, Master Lance. I'm so glad that you chose me to wear the red garter.

Even if it means you'll be trapped in the Hay one day?

Writhing in eternal pleasure with you, Master? I straddled him. You, my daughters, my nieces, your wife, and my sister. We were saving my sister! I don't see how that sounds bad. Sounds better than boring heaven or suffering in hell. You'll have an eternity of pussy. Fifty-five maids all loving you.

Shit, he groaned as I grabbed his cock and lifted him to my pussy. I rubbed him into my wet cuntlips, so glad that he understood. I was here for him. I just wanted to make him feel so good.

I slammed my cunt down his cock. I sank down all of my Master-Nephew's big dick. I loved the feel of him stretching me out. That was perfect. That was just what I needed to enjoy. I savored that big dick stretching me out.

I loved having every inch of his mighty cock in my pussy. It was perfect. My cunt squeezed down around him. I gripped him and worked my pussy up his dick. I loved the way he throbbed in my twat. That was incredible.

I plunged back down him. I took every inch of his dick. It was a wonderful treat to swallow. I enjoyed having every inch of his cock in me. It was a fantastic delight. I loved every last second of this big dick in him.

Mmm, can I sit on your face, Master? Alisha asked. The Arabic slut I found at the sex shop had a wicked grin on her face.

Sure, groaned my sexy nephew. Plant that cunt right on my face.

Master! she squealed in delight and straddled him.

She planted her twat right on his face, a big smile spreading on her lips. She ground on him as I worked my cunt up and down his big dick. Oh, he had such a wonderful cock. I loved having all of him in me. He massaged my cunt.

Alisha shuddered, her round boobs jiggling. I cupped her dusky breasts with my pale fingers. I dug into them. She moaned, her nose piercing flashing. Her belly charm swayed over her dusky flesh as she squirmed in place.

Damn, I love this clit piercing, our Master moaned. Fun to do this!

Master! Alisha gasped, her face twisting in delight.

I smiled at the pleasure crossing her expression as I worked my cunt up and down his dick. I gripped him as I rode his cock. I loved working my pussy up and down his cock with such passion. This was incredible to ride his thick girth.

My boobs bounced and jiggled as I worked my cunt up and down his dick. I squeezed my cunt around his cock. I loved his girth. He stretched out my pussy in just the right way I loved this so much. I squeezed Alisha's tits as I pleasured my Master-Nephew.

Fuck, he growled into Alisha's cunt.

Ooh, that's so hot to watch, Mommy, Izzy moaned as she was sitting on the bride's face. Yes, yes, ride him, Mommy!

Ride him! Deidre called as she tribbed with Tabitha, the two grinding their cunts together.
I savored that wonderful cock massaging my pussy. I shuddered, squeezing about his thick girth as I slid up his shaft. Pleasure swept through me. I had fucked a lot of men before, after, and during my marriage. And this was the best dick I ever had.

I leaned in and kissed Alisha. Our tongues danced as we enjoyed our Master. We both rode him. He feasted on her cunt. She moaned into my mouth as she enjoyed his tongue. Master was a stud. He loved pleasuring women.

Haywards were good at it.

I had never fucked Lance's father, but my sister told me all about his skill in bed. She was a happy woman before his death. And she would be again. We would save her. My Master-Nephew would rescue her and fuck her so hard.

And I would lick all his cum out of her pussy.

My orgasm swelled faster imagining that happy moment. My cunt clenched about that thick dick as I plunged my cock down him. I rose back up him, rising toward that big burst of pleasure. I would have a mighty climax. Just a huge burst of rapture.

I couldn't wait for that magical moment. It would be spectacular to cum that hard on his dick. I slammed my cunt down him, his pubic hair tickling my bush and clit. My bud burst with sparks as I rose toward my climax.

Shit, Aunt Nancy, groaned Master. Damn, I love that pussy!

Such a good pussy, Mommy! Izzy called. Ooh, and Opal, you're such a good pussy licker!

Alisha broke the kiss, her eyes rolling back in her head. It was clear she was close to cumming on Master. He must be playing with that pierced clit. Just batting it back and forth. She quivered there, her body trembling.

Don't hold back, I told her. You have to just cum so hard. I want you to explode and drown our Master.

Yes! she gasped. Master!

Alisha's head tossed, her black hair sweeping around her dusky face. I squeezed her boobs as my own orgasm swelled in me. I shuddered, so close to bursting. I plunged down that big dick. I took every inch of my Master-Nephew's cock. My clit ground into his pubic mound. 

The sparks flared as I climaxed.

Fire burned hot through me. My cunt writhed around my Master-Nephew's cock. He groaned and erupted into my pussy. His cum flooded my twat. I loved that. I bucked on him, my twat rippling and writhing around him.

I nursed out all that cum. I worked out every drop of jizz that he had in his balls. He emptied his jizz in me. I loved every last blast of his seed flooding my pussy. I bucked on him as the fires burned hot through me.

Yes, yes, Master! I gasped.

Aunt Nancy! he growled as he basted my womb with his seed. I could have his daughters, too. I wanted to have his daughter.

My cunt writhed around him. I worked out every drop of cum that he had. It all flooded into my snatch. That was so good. I savored it. He filled me up with all that wonderful spunk. It was so magical to have all that jizz in me.

I loved serving my Master-Nephew. 
~~*~~
Kylie Hayward
Ooh, that's a yummy feast! I squealed as Aunt Nancy slid off my big brother and stretched out on her back. Her legs were open, a feast waiting to be claimed.

I pounced and landed between her legs. I leaned in and pressed my face into her sloppy cunt. I licked up the salty cum leaking out of her. It was wonderful to feast on her. My tongue gathered up all that delicious seed soaked in her tangy juices.

I wiggled my hips in a beckoning manner. I could feel Master Big Brother's eyes on my cute rump. I knew what he wanted. That was my job. To give my brother what he needed. To satiate him. It was why I was here on this quest.

He needed to fuck me to feed Cali so we could survive the night and have the strength to save Mommy come the morning. It all made sense. 

Damn, her brother groaned as he grabbed my hips. He pressed his wet cock into my butt-crack. I shivered in delight, my tongue licking at Aunt Nancy's sloppy pussy. I gathered more of that delicious spunk as my big brother pressed his dick right against my anal ring. You are a cute one, Kylie.

Yep! I moaned into our aunt's pussy.

My amazing Master Big Brother thrust. His dick pushed against my sphincter. It was awesome. I loved the feeling of my backdoor opening up for him. He popped into my bowels. I shuddered, my toes curling as his cock sank into my asshole. He went deeper and deeper into me, the heat melting to my pussy. It was just perfect.

My tongue darted into Aunt Nancy's tangy pussy to scoop out all the yummy cum I could find. I feasted on her creampie as my big brother gripped my hips and started to butt-fuck me. He drew back his cock, my bowels clenching on it. He groaned as he thrust back into me.

Fuck, Kylie, he groaned.

Ooh, fuck that naughty maid, purred Aunt Nancy. She's just devouring your cum from my pussy, Master! Just feasting on it!

I was!

Master-Big Brother pumped away at me. He fucked my bowels. I loved it. His cock buried into me, the heat melting down to my pussy. I quivered in delight as he pumped away at me again and again. I quivered in delight as he pounded me. He rammed into my bowels over and over again. It was just a treat.

I loved this delight. I enjoyed every last second of it as my tongue flicked through her folds. I feasted on my aunt. I devoured her as my big brother pounded my asshole. The owner of us all rammed to the hilt in me again and again.

My tongue wiggled deeper and deeper into her pussy. I searched for more of my Master Big Brother's cum, gathering up every salty drop of jizz that was in her. It was running out fast until there was just her tangy pussy.

Yes, yes, yes, Aunt Nancy moaned as my tongue stroked over her folds. Her shaved vulva rubbed against my face as she humped against me. Ooh, that's so good. You're such a naughty maid, Kylie!

So naughty, Master Big Brother groaned in delight as he pounded my asshole.

I loved him drilling his cock in and out of my bowels. It was so good. The heat swelled the growing delight in my pussy. My cunt cream dripped down my thighs as I rose toward my orgasm. I couldn't wait to cum on his dick.

Aunt Nancy's thighs gripped my face as I flicked my tongue around her clit. I suckled on her. I nursed with passion. She moaned, her round boobs jiggling as I drove her toward her orgasm. I moaned around her clit.

Fuck, groaned Master-Big Brother. That ass!

Drill that fucking ass, Master! Aunt Nancy moaned. Oh, God, your little sister is driving me wild. My niece is such a delicious maid!

Such joy swelled in me as I nibbled on her clit, my big brother's huge cock slamming deep and hard into my bowels. He filled me up with that wonderful cock. It was fantastic. I squeezed my anal sheath around his dick. I was so close to bursting.

You naughty little slut! Aunt Nancy moaned. Yes!

A gush of her tangy juices bathed my lips. I loved the flavor of her pussy juices. She had such a yummy twat. I drowned in them as Master Big Brother rammed his cock deep and hard into my bowels. The heat melted to my naughty pussy

Incestuous bliss swept through me. I trembled, my asshole writhing around his dick. The heat blazed through me. I quivered in delight as he pumped away at my convulsing bowels. I moaned into my aunt's pussy.

Master-Big Brother! I moaned.

He plowed to the hilt in my bowels. Shit, Kylie!

All that wonderful cum flooded my bowels. I could feel the house shuddering. Cali needed this. She fed off my big brother. I quivered in delight, knowing that we would be safe for the night. Tomorrow, we would save Mommy.

Master-Big Brother's cum pumped over and over into my bowels. It was so wonderful to have all that bliss firing into me. I quivered through my delight, my anal sheath massaging his dick to work out all his seed.

Damn, Kylie, he groaned. Best Sister-Maid there is.

That's right! I moaned, my bowels milking out the last of his cum.

I had it all in me. All that wonderful cum. It was such a wonderful moment. I rubbed my face into my aunt's pussy. I felt so delicious. I quivered in delight, my heart pounding with such passion. It was just such an awesome moment.

We would save our mother. My Master Big Brother would not fail her. He was too amazing for that.
~~*~~
Lance Hayward
Cali was fed. Sleep was upon us. The maids started snuggling up to get some rest before we continued our quest in the morning.

I ended up with Kylie and Angela cuddled up against me. My sister and my daughter held me as I drifted off into an uneasy sleep. Mom was out there. She was in danger. I had to get to her. Rescue her and protect my other maids.

I couldn't lose anyone. 
~~*~~
Bella Hayward
Two days...

It had been two days since Lance and the other maids went into the Otherworld. I tried not to worry about my Master-Husband, my sister-in-law, my step-daughters, my mother-in-law, and the other maids. I did. I tried not to, but...

It was hard.

I knew that time flowed differently. That it could be weeks before they were back. That it didn't mean anything that it had only been two days. It could be like that old movie with the Darby guy. A hundred years or something stuck in the fairy world.

It wouldn't be that long, right?

I focused on cleaning. I rubbed polish in the gilded frame of a painting near the kitchen. I tried not to stare at the Imprisoned, a shadowy figure dancing before salivating men, her body draped in gold jewelry gleaming with purple gems.

There was something familiar about the shape. 

I tried not to look at it, though. I didn't want to have the same thing happen to me that afflicted poor Mrs. Hayward. I finished cleaning it and wiped at my brow with the back of my hand. This was hard work keeping all the work clean.

It's almost nightfall, Bella, my mother said, walking up in her stiletto heels, her big boobs jiggling in her low-cut bodice. She had her cap perched on her head and a motherly smile. It's quitting time.

It's never quitting time for us, I said and smiled. I didn't mean that like a bad thing. We served Master until the day we died. We were his maids. That was all there was to it. I was happy with that. Just glad to be his. I would love him forever and serve him. We always have more work to do.

True, true, she said. But, for now, we can set down our cleaning rags.

I gathered up my supplies and we headed up the servant's stairs by the kitchen. Going up and down stairs all day was really toning my thighs and giving me some cardio. We reached the top floor, passing more of the creepy paintings. We walked by the grand staircase and the shadowy cat. The Gizzamuluke. I could feel its eyes on me as it grinned with hunger. 

Did that get cleaned today? I asked.

We'll clean it in the morning, Mother said, taking my arm. The sun is setting right now.

I nodded as we passed the closed doors of the maids' quarters. The door to the living area was open still. We headed through it and into the warmth of the house. I did a quick head count. We were all accounted for.

I closed the door.

We were safe for the night. The glowing ward on the back, the purple symbols, kept us safe. How were Lance and the other maids doing? How safe was it for them in that horrible world they had traveled to?

Be safe, I prayed. Keep them safe.
~~*~~
Ms. Lynette Docea
My wind slammed into the black, rubbery tentacle bursting out of the dark soil. My magic bent it flat and kept it from reaching for one of us long enough for Alice to swing a stone sword and cut it in half, severing it.

The earth shook beneath our feet. Something moved beneath us. My heart pounded as more of the disgusting tentacles erupted to the right. Cruel, white teeth studded the end of them as they lashed at us.
My wind struck another back.

Flames burned from Nancy and her maids. Kylie fired water while Lance thrust his golden spear. He skewered one tentacle. I kept my wind blowing, holding down the disgusting appendage until someone could destroy it.

Opal darted up, her veil fluttering behind her. She severed the tentacle then slashed at another. They fell around us, their blood soaking the ground. It shook again. I shifted on my stilettos, fighting to keep my balance.

Dirt struck my back. I whirled to see one lunging at me.

I screamed as it wrapped around my waist and drove those teeth into my belly. They tore through my uniform and buried into my flesh. Pain exploded as the tentacle lifted me off my feet. It constricted as it sucked my blood out of me. I thrashed, the agony consuming me.

It fed off me as I thrashed in the air. I tried to focus my power, but it drew it out of me. I stared up at the sky around me. It was a swirl of colors. The hues melted and blended and stirred up into a torrent of beauty.

I fell and landed in Master Hayward's arms. I groaned, the tentacle unwinding from about me. I pain still throbbed in me as I shuddered in my Master's arms. He cradled me to him, his golden lance vanishing. He had saved me. Cut me in half.

Maids cried around me as he cradled me. Then Angela was there. She had her breasts out, her nipples beading with her healing white. I latched onto her nipple and suckled hard. The milk shot into my mouth. I gulped down her milk.

It was a delight to enjoy. I loved the taste of her breast milk. I savored the healing warmth that flowed through my belly. I enjoyed the heat. I suckled more of it down as Master Hayward carried me, the battle fading as I was healed.

Angela had delicious breast milk.

Wondrous.

I swallowed every drop of it that I could. I groaned as her nipple felt so perfect in my mouth. I gulped down all the cutie's breast milk as Master Hayward carried me. The pain melted away. I didn't feel any agony any longer.

There, Angela said.

I blinked as Master Hayward set me down. I swayed, dizzy for a moment. I looked around and saw the harem was in rockier ground. The black soil we had crossed quivered behind us, the severed tentacles left behind. 

We were though that obstacle.

The foothills, said Cali. We're getting close.

The mountains loomed over us. They towered high, spikes of obsidian and marble and strange metals. Blue and purple and one that was crimson like it was dripped in blood. Strange shapes flew among them.

They must be huge to be seen at this distance.

Anyone else need healing? Angela asked.

I took one in the leg, cried Deidre. She had blood dripping down her right thigh. 

Angela darted over to her as Abigail was staring at a stele. A monument of stone that thrust out of the ground. She stroked over it and frowned. Curious, I drifted over to her, reassured that the Concubine-Maids and Slut-Maids had formed a perimeter around us.

There's marking on this, said Abigail.

Oh, my, I said, staring at the strange ones. It was like someone had drawn a horizontal line then drawn other lines straight down or at angles through it. I've never seen anything like this.

Let me see, Marsha said. The other scholarly maid arrived, pushing up her glasses. Oh, that's very interesting. It's Ogham runes.

Ogham? I asked. I only know the Norse runes.

These are Celtic runes, she said. Used in Ireland by the druids. Let's see, it's a grave marker for... She blinked. Balor.

Balor? Master Hayward asked, moving toward us. Who's that?

The last Fomorian king. You see, Master, the Fomorian were a race of giants who lived in Ireland before the Tuatha de Danaan, the fairy, arrived. They drove them into the sea after Balor's death at the Battle of Mag Turied.

I've heard of Balor, said Abigail. He had the evil eye. It could curse anyone who saw it. He was a terrible ruler.

But what's this about the sea? Master Hayward asked. Why would this be here if they were driven into the sea.

I looked up at the sky. The swirl of colors that were like... currents. Different hues of water that we were beneath. Well, Master, the Sea is symbolic with the Abyss. The unknown. Death. It's from their black deeps that monster rise.

It's beyond the pale, Marsha said, staring at the stele.

This is definitely a place of immoral and disgusting acts, Sister Martha Ruth agreed. The Maid-Nun flicked her eyes around. A place of complete moral bankruptcy. The Fomorians are just another name for the fallen angels, the Grigori, who were thrown into the abyss for meddling with mankind.

I suppose you could say that, said Marsha. But I mean in a literal sense. We are beyond the pale. That's what the English called the wall that marked the king's territory. The pales. Another name for a hay. And the biggest pale was the one used to demarcate what was the Kingdom of England's land in Ireland and what wasn't. What was Beyond the Pale was the rest of Ireland, and here we are beyond the spiritual pale in a literal place of chaos and death. The place where the Fomorians were banished by the Tuatha de Danaan. And they were, in a way, banished by Christianity, in turn.

This is where faith drove us, said Cali. Faith in reason and not myth. The world changed. Beliefs changed. We were trapped here. All of us forced together, killing each other, feasting, accumulating power to return, but...

You made a deal with Master Lance's ancestor and made the Hayward, said Abigail. 

I betrayed everyone. Cali looked away from the stele. From us.

Why? Master Hayward asked.

That's not in my contract, Master. She walked toward a trail that led deeper into the foothills. Your mother is still alive. We are getting closer.

Master Hayward did not look happy. I glanced at Marsha, Abigail, and Sister Martha Ruth. They had the same unease. We had to figure out who Cali was. Was she someone in mythology? What did she truly want? Why did she betray her people?

What were her goals? 
~~*~~
Lance Hayward
How much control did I have over Cali?

That question worried me as she waited by the trail. Just what was this deal my ancestor had made that I was now bound by? I stared at her, but I couldn't get her motivations. She had a streak of heartlessness to her. She did not care about much.

That was worrying. She was my guide, and I was realizing more and more I didn't know what motivated her. How much could I depend on her? Just how tightly bound was she to me? And did she harbor any resentment?

Fuck.

Let's move, I growled. Come on. We came here for a reason.

The maids nodded. Nancy sprang into the lead with her Slut-Maids. The concubine maids formed up the flanks and rear around myself, Cali, and the other more vulnerable maids. We entered the stony hills, looking for dangers.

Crystals jutted out of the ground here of various hues. They were large, forming almost trees, or those cacti in Arizona that grew big and tall. The saguaro. They gleamed in strange ways, catching light in the parts that were shadowed. They erupted out of the earth, thrusting up through cracks in boulders or seams between layers.

The hills grew more and more rugged until we ended up in a canyon that reared above us, the ground piled upon itself in strange layers. Some looked like earth, but others were flesh that oozed a black liquid that trickled down the mountain. The flesh grew more diseased with ulcerated wounds dripped milky-yellow pus. The air grew foul.

From those pus-filled caves, figures emerged, their heads smeared in blood. They stood half my height, their bodies slender and bony. They bounded forward with swords of bone. They gibbered as they descended upon us.

The flaming whips from Aunt Nancy and her girls lashed out. The fire struck the disgusting things, roasting their bodies. They erupted like they were made of dry tinder, screaming as they rushed at us with murder in their hearts.

My golden power became a spear I thrust between Deidre and Alice, spearing one of the little fuckers.

For Master Hayward! shouted around me.

The Concubine-Maids formed swords that cut the little monsters in half, cutting off their gibbering shouts that echoed through the mountains. Blasts of water room Kylie and her girls threw others back while blades of wind cut the stickmen in half.

I think they're red caps, Marsha said before she sent a whirring chakram of air that sliced one in half. Scottish fey that lurk on battlefields.

Doesn't matter, I growled. Keep moving forward. Burn us a path, Aunt Nancy! 

Yes, Master! she cried and slashed her flaming whip before her.

She struck two of them, setting them on fire. The other Slut-Maids did the same. Burning red caps gibbered before us, screaming as they burned while still trying to rush at us. Ms. Docea and Sister Martha Ruth whirled their hands and sent a tornado rushing ahead that flung more of them to the side. They struck the dies of the wall, their little bodies breaking.

The way was cleared. The harem charged forward. Angela ran at my side while Cali someone just strode unconcerned. She never once used her powers to protect us. She just guided us down the path. We moved through the canyon.

Fire a blast of air behind us! cried Mrs. Kenning.

Right! Ms. Docea shouted.

Ms. Docea and her three Scholar-Maids all turned and thrust their hands out together. A mighty wind howled out behind us and slammed into the horde chasing us. The little fuckers were thrown back, slamming into each other, snapping their slender limbs and dashing them against the cliff walls.

We moved through the canyon faster, killing them and fighting clear. The canyon wound around before it suddenly opened wide into a large space. A bowl in the canyon with obsidian walls looming around it. A perfect circle.

Unnatural.

At the far end, my mother was chained to the wall. She was shackled in place. She was stuck there. Hope surged through me. A smiled at the sight of her. I darted forward to push past Aunt Nancy and her maids screening us.

Cali grabbed my hand. We should not have come here, Master. We have walked into her power.

Darkness engulfed us. 
~~*~~
Bella Hayward
She walked down the hallway. Four days since they had left. It was getting unbearable. She paused, feeling the Gizzamuluke's eyes on her. They glowed green. The figure pressed against the painting for a moment, the canvas bowing outward.

It was daylight. What was it doing?

He's not here to protect you, the thing whispered in my mind. And I can smell that whelp in your womb. I know he'll be sweet.

A stone dagger appeared in my hands. Try it! I'll cut off your balls and shove them down your throat.

He laughed, his eyes glowing brighter. Soon. 

To be continued...
