Author: Priapus

Title: Busting a Nut

Part: 6 of 6

Summary: A man is lured out of a strip club to a palatial estate
and finds himself the guest of honor at an orgiastic celebration.

Keywords: MF, MM, M+F+, Fdom, cbt, fist, rape, tort, nc, snuff,
rim, vore

Universe: Scythian Sisterhood

Busting a Nut

Priapus <priapic_wonder@yahoo.com>


http://castrisecret.tumblr.com/


He felt his face, controlled by the chains that bound him to the
dangling chair, turned away from the crowd, toward the back of
the arena.  Pandora stepped back, revealing the monitor with
blood red numbers: 00:15, 00:14, 00:13

She knelt down to whisper in his ear.  Sorry if you thought that
was the countdown for the timer.  I just wanted the crowd to
count down your orgasm, you filthy rapist.  Johns head was
turned upward again.   Melinda slid down, putting the mouth of
her pussy right over this mouth, still held firmly open by the
ring gag.

Pandora continued, There, now the time is upI suppose my
favorite initiates are going to become Sisters tonight after
all.  Pandora slid two fingers into the redheads fuzzy pussy,
and the victim, still in shock at what had happened, what was
about to happen, felt her shiver and heard her moan at the gentle
loving touch of her mistress.

Melinda slid the rest of the way down and off, making sure she
spent a long moment rubbing his face with her wet twat before she
dismounted.

The two girls took positions at either side of the stool that
held the fiendish device containing Johns condemned testicles. 
It started as a single voice, and as Calliope placed her hand on
the brass lever, it became an insistent chant in low tones.

Bust a nut!  Bust a nut!...

The naked blonde brought the lever down for the first stroke,
gears spun, and John felt a lancing hot pain at the base of his
scrotum as the skin was neatly and precisely removed.  He
screamed, but no one paid the slightest attention.

The intact bag of skin was pushed out of the brass mechanism, and
his blood started to flow from the opening where it had emerged,
just a trickle now.

Melinda picked up the empty sack and danced over to where Joy was
seated.  Sometime early in the countdown, Pandora had given the
signal to end the fisting of the consort, and he now lay across
Sister Joys lap, where she comforted his aching asshole with
gentle touches, and rewarded him for his bravery with loving
strokes of his long hard cock.

The young woman provided the real guest of honor with the
offering.  Joy examined the pouch of skin for a moment with a
serious expression, then smiled broadly and held the bloody empty
bag aloft for the crowd to admire.  They continued their chant,
and augmented it with a burst of applause.

At the controls of the device, Calliope rolled the wheel that
closed the brass cylinder around Johns right nut.  As Pandora
promised, the skinned left nut slid out of the empty place that
would have held the second chamber and lay in a puddle of its own
gore on the wooden surface of the stool.  Calliope extended her
delicate finger and nudged it over the edge of the stool, so it
dangled, dripping red, while she continued her destruction of the
other one.

The left testicle was firmly clamped in the cylinder, and
Calliope slowly started to push the lever down that forced the
piston in, crushing the defenseless organ.  Johns constant,
pathetic screaming was beginning to annoy Pandora, so she
unclipped the chains that held his head in place, and straddled
his face again.  This time she used the chains to pull his face
tightly against her gushing pussy, his nose burrowing between her
ass cheeks.

He had to stop screaming, though the pain in his left nut was
excruciating, intolerable; in this position he couldnt breathe
to scream.

Pandora couldnt hold the chains as tightly as the pulleys could,
so he struggled, and was able to wiggle his face against her,
though not enough to breathe.  The effect was exactly as she
desired, bringing Pandora to the edge of climax as Calliope
flipped the switch and spewed his crushed testicle through the
tiny valve.   His suffocated thrashing, his airless scream,
brought her the release she needed, and she slumped over his
near-unconscious body in shattering orgasm, releasing his head
and allowing him a gasping, painful breath at last.  His eyes
showed red blotches from the near suffocation he suffered between
her legs.

Calliope unclamped the bloody brass instrument from the stool,
feeding the victims one remaining testicle carefully through the
opening as she removed the device.  Johns blood pumped more
freely now through the dangling connections of his destroyed
right nut.  Calliope moved the stool aside to make room for her
red-haired partner.

Johns body was exhausted, unable to struggle, overwhelmed with
pain and close to shock.  But his cock, enhanced by the drugs
Pandora had provided, still stood erect and covered with his own
mixture of blood and cum, throbbing over the shattered wreckage
of his left nut.

Melinda stood between his legs, smiling, and then brought her
hand to her face.  When she smiled again the ivory white of her
teeth was covered with a shiny metal glint.  Her device of choice
was far more personal than the Orchimedian machine.  A pair of
sharp steel jaws was all she desired.

She knelt between his legs and raised the gory, dangling left nut
to her lips.  At first she gently suckled it in her mouth,
savoring the taste of Johns blood, and the spatter of cum that
had dribbled back down his shaft onto his denuded testicle.

The feeling was soothing to the tortured prisoner, at first. 
Then he felt the edge of the sharp jaws scraping painfully
against him.  Once the metal made contact she wasted little time.
 Holding the slippery gonad firmly with her delicate fingers, she
felt for a point about a third of the way from the end, set the
blades in place, and quickly and mercilessly closed her jaws.

Blood and semen gushed from the severed and rapidly deflating
organ.  She swallowed gleefully.  Her stepfather had always made
her swallow his cum when he raped her mouth, and she had always
fantasized about biting his cock and balls off and swallowing his
mangled manhood as he screamed.  She dropeed one hand between her
own legs as the blood rand down her face and neck, onto her pale
pillowy tits, and as soon as she touched her throbbing clit she
was rocking in orgasm.

John screamed, but no sound emerged as he felt like he had been
impaled with a white-hot iron from his crotch through his spine.

Frenzied with bloodlust she chomped again, biting off and
swallowing another big chunk of his mangled nut.  She tried again
but there was not enough surface for the bladed teeth to grab
purchase, and instead she chomped through the vas deferens,
nerves and blood vessels, taking the last chunk into her mouth.
She was careful not to swallow.

Melinda finished quaking in orgasm, her victims blood spraying
from the severed arteries onto her naked chest.  Pathetic,
nutless John, with his nerves severed, only felt the phantom pain
of his missing jewels, mercifully less excruciating than the pain
of their destruction.  He was a eunuch now, and tears flowed
wetly down his face as he mourned his lost manhood.

Melinda slipped the metal blades out of her mouth.  Covered with
the spatter of her crime, she stepped forward to gloat over the
maimed prisoner.  She brought her full red lips to his, he tasted
his own blood and cum as she thrust her tongue into his mouth. He
started to gag as she spit the last remaining chunk of his
testicles onto his tongue.

She rose up above him, wiping her face with one hand and using
one finger to push the remnant into his throat.

You can swallow your own nut, or choke to death on it.  I dont
care either way.  He knew she was right, and his drive for
self-preservation took over as he ruefully swallowed the last
trace of his own manly power.


