Magnet School
by bgaius33 

I went to this weird magnet school for middle school. I think I was good looking. Typical pretty face, thin, short blonde hair and blue eyes. During sex ed the teacher asked for a volunteer to help show the class the female reproductive parts. It was an all girls school. Nobody raised their hand because we all were too scared of what might happen. SO my teacher, Mrs.Maltese, decided that she would pick a name at random. She closed her eyes, twirled her finger, and pointed to a name on the attendance sheet. It was my name. I walked up there nervous of something embarrassing happening. Mrs.Maltese pulled down a diagram. She pointed to the different parts of the vagina. She asked me to take off my shoes and knee high socks that were part of the dress code. She then asked me to remove my skirt and underwear and lay down on the table in the front. I did it sheepishly. Mrs. Maltese called the rest of the class to come up to the table to see. Every girl was wide eyed while staring down my vagina. The teacher spread my legs apart; then my vagina and she pointed to each different part. She pressed down on my stomach where my ovaries where. She told the class about the functions of every part. Mrs. Maltese then asked me to remove my button down shirt and bra. I asked if she could find another volunteer and she said that I had nothing to be embarrassed about. She told me that it was very disrespectful and unneeded in her classroom. She undid the buttons herself and then took my bra off. She told the class how we should check ourselves for breast cancer. She said to do it every week. She groped my boobs while showing the class how to check. Mrs. Maltese asked me to stand up. I stood up without my clothes on still. Mrs. Maltese said that for being so disrespectful to her I would go the rest of the day naked. She took out a wooden paddle from her desk. She grabbed a chair and put it in the front of the classroom then sat down in it. She told me to lay down on her lap. She pinned the back of my shoulders down to her left leg. I hung my feet in the air instead of resting them on the ground. Mrs.Maltese pulled the paddle back. She swung the wooden paddle and just hit the skin off my ass. I screamed in pain. She did it again. She kept going even though I was screaming. She hit my butt ten times with the paddle which was enough to make it red and sore. Every girl watched. When the bell rang for the next class, I headed into the hall naked. Every girl stared. The halls were silent. Every time I got to class my teacher would ask why I was naked. I had to say that I was disrespectful to one of my teachers. At the end of the day, instead of leaving on the bus, the principle called an assembly. I had just gotten my clothes back on. I was sitting in the audience when she called my name to come up on stage with her. She said that disobedience would not be tolerated She told me to take off all my clothes again. Now I was sure that every girl in school had seen me naked. She dismissed the rest of the students to their bus, but not me. I was told that if I ever acted up again, there would be severe punishment. She gave me only my bra and underwear back saying that was the bare minimum I could wear to not get in legal trouble for being naked in public. I rode home with just those pieces of clothes on; I didn't even get shoes.

About two months later I was in math class. I got a little bored and sort of dozed off in class. I woke up to my teacher, Ms.Zodl, tapping my desk. I woke up. I knew that I was going to be severely punished for acting up again. She reminded me of my other mistake I made. She told me to stand in front of the class. She told e that the principle sent a letter to every teacher giving instructions what to do if I acted up again. I was told to strip naked again. I did it. Ms.Zodl told me to turn around. She bent my body over so my butt and vagina was showed to the class. She smacked my ass with a wooden paddle. She lined up the class. Every girl got a turn with the paddle to hit my ass with. Ms.Zodl then told me to walk down to the main office and tell the principle what I did. I walked down there. When I told her, she told me to follow her. We walked into the first classroom. She made me apologize for stopping the class. Then she made me tell everyone to take off their shows and socks. I told them that I had to kiss every other girls feet to show that they are above me. I kissed every girls feet in that class while naked. We left that class. I had to do the same thing for every class. When the bell rang, The principle told me to apologize to each class again in case I had already kissed a girls feet in there. I kissed every girls bare feet. At the end of the day, the principle called another assembly. She made me stand naked in front of every girl at once. She took her fingers and put them on my vagina. She tied me to a wall in front of everyone. She stuck her fingers in my vagina. She began masturbating me in front of every girl. She went really fast. I could feel myself orgasming all over. The embarrassment was too much to handle. She kept going and my vagina was sore and red. I squirted in front of everyone. She kept going. I kept squirting. My vagina was soaking wet. I could feel another orgasm come on. I squirted again. She didn't stop until thirty much later. I had an orgasm at least once every thirty seconds. The stage had a puddle on it from my pussy juice. She walked me down in front of the stage. She pinched my nipples and dismissed the girls. Still holding my nipples she told me never to act up again. She gave me a skimpy thong and pasties. The thong didn't really cover my now loose vagina and the pastes kept falling off. The thong was really tight. It basically showed my whole ass. It mt vagina was too wide and red to be covered by it. The lips were easily showing. Some of the inside could be seen too. I had to ride the bus home and walk to my house like that.



A few weeks go by after my second assembly and I try my best to be a good student so I dont have a repeat what happened last time. The girls still snicker and laugh when they see me in the hallway and I know they all remember seeing me cum over and over in front of them entirely naked. I can see it in their faces that they are picturing my nude body whenever they look at me. They dont want to end up like me so they all study hard and no one else has had any issues. 

In sex ed class Mrs. Maltese asked for another volunteer for a project. I raised my hand quickly, wanting to be a good student. Mrs. Maltese smiled and told me to stand up and strip to my panties. I was stunned into silence. She said now please and I said I didnt know I would be required to do that. She asked if I needed to be punished again and I quickly took off all my clothes until I stood in only my white granny panties. I thought about covering my boobs as I walked to the front but remembered what happened last time and I let them bounce freely uncovered. The teacher said she was conducting an experiment on exhibitionism and that by volunteering I was agreeing to only wear my underwear while I was in school for the next week and she would be studying the effects it had on me. I went the entire week walking around school in my undies. at the end of each day an assembly was held where i was put on display for all to see. i had to describe the panties I was wearing and all the feelings i had during the day. Talking about my humiliation was so embarrassing  since i couldnt hide anything. it was even worse since my panties always ended up noticeably wet and i had to explain why i was aroused by this.

on the last day i messed up because i forgot to strip down before walking into school and the principle was waiting for me. i knew i was in trouble. as punishment i was to be stripped right there. i couldnt resist as the teachers let the girls lift up my shirt, unclip my bra and then pull my skirt down to my ankles so i was only in my pink, sparkly undies. another assembly was called so all the girls could see my sparkly panties. she tied me down on my hands and knees doggy style facing the audience. she put two vibrator into my panties and they slipped into my pussy and butt and started vibrating very fast. My hips started bucking  and i could feel myself orgasming again. I squirted right in my panties but the vibrators didnt let up. my ass was on fire but it felt so good. i squirted again. my hips were bucking and my tits were bouncing all around i looked like i was being f'ed hard from behind. the principle said that since i kept squirting all over the stage i should clean my puddles up myself. Since i was tied up the only way i could do it was to lick the puddles even while my vibrators kept masturbating me. i looked like a dog but i couldnt help it as i squirted again.  the audience was dismissed and i thought she'd turn off the vibrators and give me my clothes back, but she didnt. The principle handed me two nipple clamps since the pasties didnt stick on last time. my nipples were hard and sensitive but they wouldnt fall off and she said that I had to keep the vibrators on until I got home. I had to ride the bus home like that and everyone could see me squirm and moan all the way to my house. 

I can't wait to see what happens next, ask there nothing about what her parents think about what is happening too



after my last punishment, my parents were alerted to my behavior issues at school. I tried to explain my side but they just shook their heads and said that while I was at school I was to follow their rules and that since I was having so many reports from the school that they would punish me further for being such an embarrassment. They told me that they had hacked my webcam and had a bunch of video of me masturbating in my room in just my panties and that if I act up again that they would send the videos out to everyone over social media and furthermore I would have to wear a leash to school and be escorted by my teachers to make sure I obeyed the rules.
I am a laughingstock at school now. Everyone makes fun of me for all the trouble I get into and will point and laugh and say "better watch out, she might squirt all over you if you're not careful". it's even worse when they see the leash. It's a mark telling everyone I'm a bad girl. The teachers are really rough with it too, pulling me to each of my classes. 

One day, I was having trouble in my math class, so the teach got fed up with me and grabbed my leash and pulled me out of class. she said that since i clearly wasnt paying any attention that she would take me somewhere that would be easier for me and took me to the art class. She walked up to the art teacher, Ms. Cravat and said "you were looking for a model, well I have a volunteer right here. I asked what was going on and ms caravat said that she was thrilled to have me as the model for the nude drawing segment of her class and that she was worried no one would volunteer. i tried to protest but she said now, please and took me by my leash and led me to the center of the room. she ripped my clothes right off me and before i knew it, I was completely naked again. she said that every day for the next month I would have to show up to her class nude and stay for the entire day so the art classes could draw me in whatever poses they wanted. I didnt want my parents to know, so i meekly resigned myself to displaying my naked body for everyone so I wouldnt get in trouble again. every day i had to do all sorts of slutty poses, since the class could make me pose however they wanted and i had to do it with no questions. They made me bend over and grab my ankles to draw my asshole, or take two fingers and spread my pussy wide open to draw it in detail and see how wet I was, or even sit down and spread my legs wide open. Once they even made my stick my fingers into my pussy when then drew me, and i felt like i was going to cum the entire class period. every day was more embarrassing than the last for me and i had to bear it without complaint. the pictures themselves were so embarrassing to look at since you could see the humiliation and arousal on my face each time. 

After a month i thought I was finally done. I was going to pick up my clothes and get dressed when the teacher grabbed my leash and started to walk me out of class still nude. i begged for her to stop but she said that she had to leave school early that day and that I couldnt be left alone at all given my history so she had to take me outside as I was. I had to ride the bus entirely nude and my parents saw me when I got home. i tried to explain what had happened but my dad shook his head and said "im very disappointed in you. especially since youve been getting in trouble every day it seems" and showed me all the pictures and drawings the classmates made. i cried and said that it was for class but he shook his head again and said  "i hoped the leash would have been enough for you to get it together, but we have to punish you more it seems." I begged him not to send out all the videos. but he was so mad that he told me he already sent the videos out and my phone started blowing up with people commenting on the videos of me masturbating in my undies. not only that, since i had disobeyed him for a full month, he had hidden all of my clothes, including my bras and panties so now for a week, my only clothes to school are the leash and clothes pins on my nipples and pussy so my nipples are really puffy and sensitive now and if a teacher thinks i am misbehaving in class, the teacher holding my leash will put another clothes pin on my pussy lips or in my bush. they even once put it right on my clit which made me have a screaming orgasm right there in class!

