ENSLAVING MEGAN

BY IAGO

Part 4

Breaking In

"It's been a long hard day," Don smiled glancing at their
conspicuous erections. "We all deserve a little break. Let's go
to the bedroom." Sam picked Megan off the table and followed Don
into the cabin's master bedroom. He plopped Megan down on her
side and Don got on the bed next to her. Megan was sobbing
quietly. Her nipples, clit and vagina were still hurting, though
the pain was starting to go away. Of course she was terribly
frightened because she knew that Don and Sam were going to rape
her and this would hurt very much. She also knew that they would
soon torture her some more, maybe even nailing her to a cross.

Don reached around and started fondling her cunny and nipples.
"Tell you what, Meagan," he stroked her silky blond hair, "we'll
start out by making your sore little cunny feel a little better.
"He rolled over on his back, lifted her up and put her tiny slit
over his face.

Gripping her thighs he put his mouth over her cunt and started
sucking. Megan's eyes squeezed shut and her mouth flew open. Don
worked his tongue into her vagina, darting it in and out like a
snake's. Megan arched backward as Don's lips closed over her
clit. Sam got by the bed and steadied her with his palms over her
nipples. Megan rocked back and forth moaning steadily.

"Nugh, nuhg, nugh, uh, uh, uh, ah, UHHHHHAHHH, AHAHAH!"

Don felt her little girl juice flowing over his tongue. He
stopped slurping her, wanting to keep her on edge for a bit
longer. He nipped her clit lightly, but hard enough to cause some
pain, while Sam gave her nipples a hard twist and pinch. Megan
screamed then started moaning once more as Don methodically
sucked her clit. After a few seconds of intense licking Megan
started fucking his face, grinding her little cunt deeper into
his mouth. Again Don paused, wanting to torture her a bit longer,
This time though he simply had Sam lift her off his face for a
minute. "Should we switch on the inhibitors, sir?" Sam yelled
arms full of squirming screaming girl. Don thought for a couple
of seconds. "Set them at fifty percent for ten minutes," he
ordered. "And set the arousers to switch on at twenty-five
percent after the first five. Then set her for 'natural'
afterwards." Sam punched the program into a small remote control.
Megan shuddered as intense cold feeling shot through her nipples
and vulva. It disappeared quickly leaving them feeling a little
numb. That too soon vanished with Don's steady kissing of her
clit and vagina. This time though the exciting feelings were
coming much slower now. They would build to peak then they would
subside. It was like the time in the car when the simulator was
keeping her from reaching an orgasm. Now having had several
orgasms and knowing how wonderful they were, this was even more
frustrating. After a few minutes this got even worse. Another set
of tiny machines in her body were increasing her sexy feelings,
but the others were blocking them hard.

By this time Don saw that Megan was reaching the brink of orgasm
about once every fifteen or twenty seconds. "Do you want me to
let you come?" he shouted over her screams, "do you want me to
give you orgasms?" "AHAAHHH! YESSS! MAKE ME CUM! MAKE ME CUMMMM!
AHHH YESSS PLEASEEE!" "OK, but not quite yet," Don murmured to
himself. He wanted to slowly torture Megan for just a little
longer. A quiet buzz from the remote signaled that the nano
machines were switching off. Don shoved his tongue deep into the
still virginal vagina and pulled it out. His lips closed on the
rapidly pulsing clit, sucking hard. Above him Megan bucked
furiously as a tremendous orgasm surged through her small naked
body.

"AHHHHH!!! AHHHHHHH!!! GAWWWD AHHHHHHA! MORE MORE OHHHH SOO
GOOOODD! AAHHHH ! AHHHAHHH!! AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!

Finally it was too much for her. She fell forward on the child
molester gasping in exhaustion.

Don gently rolled her off him and lay down next to her. "You've
had a quite a bit of pleasure now, haven't you, Megan," he
whispered to the semi-conscious little girl. "But now it's time
for a little pain." He thrust his finger into her vagina. Megan
yelped. "That hurts!" she complained. Don thrust his arm around
her. Holding her firmly he pressed his finger deeper into her
little hole. "Stop, please you're hurting me!" Megan begged. Don
leaned over and forced his tongue into her mouth. He
French-kissed her while continuing to probe her vagina. Megan
squirmed in agony from the hard fingers pressing deeper and
deeper into her little hole. Don pulled out of her mouth and
continued finger fucking her ignoring her complaints. He reached
back for the remote control which Sam had placed on the bed. He
made sure the settings were on neutral. This meant that the nano
devices in Megan would neither block or increase her pain, nor
would the exciter units sexually arouse her. He sat up, grabbed
Megan's thighs and pulled her legs up and apart. "OK, Megan, it's
time for the real thing," he said forcing her legs over his
shoulders. Don leaned over and pinned Megan's arms to bed. He put
his dick against her opening and started to rape her. He thrust
in with all his might, ripping her hymen to pieces in a stroke,
but only managing to get half of his cock into her hot tight cunt
Megan went crazy as the red hot steel rod forced its way deeper
and deeper into her, her small body convulsing and squirming to
try vainly to get away from the hard cock she now felt tearing
into her. Blood was pouring out of her tiny no longer virginal
opening.

"eeEEEEEAAAHAHHHAHHH! NAAAAHHHHH... AHhhh... Please... OOOOWWW
AAARRRGGH!"

Megan thrashed her head back and forth, the crushing pain between
her legs was more than she could stand. She looked up at Don to
beg him to stop, but could only cry out. It didn't matter, he
wasn't looking at her face. He was watching his large adult
erection sink slowly deeper into her tiny second grader's
hairless vagina. His buttocks clenched as he tried to use more of
his weight to drive himself deeper into the crying schoolgirl. He
could already feel his balls touching the fantastically smooth
skin of her trembling butt. It wouldn't be much longer now...

"PLLEEEAAASSSE AHhhhrghh... STOP!! STOP PLEASE!! IT HURTSSS!!!
NNAAHHhphhhhh mmmmppppphhhh!" Don pulled all the way out of
Megan, giving her a momentary break, then shoved back into her.
This time he got three quarters of dick up her. Relentlessly he
forced it up the shrieking little girl. When he felt her cervix
he pulled once more than immediately thrust back. Now his entire
dick was buried deep in her. OH GAWD! YOU'RE SO HOT AND TIGHT!"
he screamed at the incoherent little girl. "I'M CUMMMING I'M
CUMMING" Torrents of hot cream spurted out of his gigantic cock,
flooding the tiny girl's vagina, spurting out, spreading over the
blood stained sheet. After a minute Don pulled out and sat up
looking at the child he had just raped. The sight quickly aroused
him and he promptly raped her again. This time he managed to keep
from shooting for close to five minutes.

To Megan it felt like five years. What she had felt in the car
was nothing to the horror and agony of being raped for real. She
simply couldn't imagine how anything could hurt so much. It just
came and came from her abused slit all the way into her tummy.
She felt a brief moment of relief after Don pulled out after his
second orgasm, but this quickly vanished as he started raping her
a third time. This time the rape last twice along. Only now there
was a little different feeling. It still hurt like hell, but the
walls of her vagina were starting to stretch a little more to
accommodate the man's huge dick. Also she felt some pressure now
on her clitoris. This started feeling good after a while. As Don
pumped harder into her the good feeling started getting a bit
stronger and stronger. Still this wasn't enough to overcome the
fearful anguish from her insides.

Don took a two minute breather then raped Megan a fourth time.
The exquisite silkiness of her vagina massaging his dick was
beyond belief. She was one of the best little fucks he had ever
had, which was saying a great deal. He looked forward to turning
into a little nympo, but that would have to wait. Now it was
breaking in time. He felt her vagina start to clamp around his
dick now, and her clit was pulsing furiously against his crotch.
For a moment he thought to ask Sam to program the remote to
prevent Megan from getting an orgasm, but "FUCK IT!" and kept
raping her. This time the good feelings were even stronger, but
still not quite enough to overcome the pain. Still not satiated,
Don raped Megan a fifth time, then a sixth time. Both times Megan
was getting very close to having an orgasm, but the man finished
too quickly to bring her off.

"OK Sam, your turn" Don gasped, limply getting up from the bed.
The bedspread of soaked in his semen and Megan's blood, though
she had stopped bleeding now. A bit fastidious, Sam picked Megan
up and put her on the floor. He arched over in a push up position
and started to rub his dick against her slit. Megan was barely
conscious, exhausted after her long ordeal. Sam positioned
himself carefully the rammed deep into her. He got all the up her
in one stroke, pulled out completely then thrust in even harder.
There was no good feeling this time. Megan shrieked and shrieked
as Sam mercilessly pounded into her. After shooting his first
load into her cunt, Sam shifted his aim, forcing his dick deep
into the child's screaming mouth. After deep throating her, he
picked her up and made her get on all fours in front him. Seizing
her little hips he rammed his still rigid dick into her tiny
anus. This time there were no good feelings, only white hot
torment from the man's giant rod forcing its way into her rear
end. Megan collapsed face down on the bed as Sam continued to
pump his dick into her tiny ass. When he finished sodomizing her,
he picked her up and put her on the edge of the bed with her legs
spread wide apart. He stood up and started rubbing his dick
against her slit, like he had done before. It a while, but the
friction of his dick against her clit eventually started Megan
moaning and squirming. By now she was too spent to come even
close to having an orgasm, so when Sam raped her she simply
quivered, eyes tightly closed. After Sam came, Don replaced him.
He picked Megan up by the hips and punched his cock up her ass.
Megan screamed her little face twisted in agony. Don pulled out
of her ass to thrust into her vagina. He alternated raping her
ass and raping her cunt till he finally ejaculated into both
holes. Sam then followed suit. After another short interval the
men decided to double team. They pulled Megan's head over the
edge of the bed. Sam got on the bed and put Megan's legs over his
shoulders. As he raped her, Don forced his dick down her throat.
They then switched places. Megan was double raped four times
before the men needed to stop. Still they weren't ready to stop.
Don put Megan over his dick and made her squat down on it. As he
thrust into her Megan started jerking back and forth, crying out
as the good feeling in her clit and cunt finally started
overwhelming her pain. "ARGGGGUHHHHHH" she cried as two massive
orgasms shook her before Don was able to ejaculate into her. Sam
swiftly yanked her off his master and smashed into her. Again
Megan convulsed in several mind shattering orgasms before Sam
shot his cum up her blazing vagina.

By now it was nearly two o'clock in the morning and the trio was
barely able to move. "Tomorrow morninglate tomorrow morning"
Don moaned, "we need to give you some special tests, Megan.
You'll like the first one. It will be to find how many orgasms
you can have. But the more orgasms you have, the worst the second
test is going to be." "You will be tortured in a special machine
to determine how much pain you can stand." Sam explained.
"Remember, the pain and pleasure rule. Whenever you get a good
feeling, you'll have to pay for it with some bad feelings."

Megan thought for a moment. "I got some really good feelings the
last time you guys, uh,"

"Fucked you," Don prompted.

"Yeah, fucked me. Does that mean, you're going to hurt me now"

"Smart girl," Don grinned. "But this time it won't be too bad.
You've had a pretty hard day after all. I think an hour on the
cross before bedtime will suffice."

They brought Megan into another room and led her to a small metal
cross. There was stepstool by it. They made Megan get up on the
stool and stretched her arms against the cross beams. Sam and Don
tied cords tightly around her wrists then removed the stepstool.
They then pulled her feet to the sides of the cross and bound her
ankles to it. At first being crucified like this didn't seem too
bad; after all they hadn't driven nails into her. But after a
couple of minutes the dull ache in her shoulders started gnawing
through her nerves like an angry wolf. It forced its way through
her arms into her chest. Megan tried to shift her weight to take
the pressure off her arms. She could, but only a little; her legs
were tied so that she quickly got terrible cramps in them, She
tried to pull herself up to stop the pain. This worked but only
for a few seconds. The pain in her legs lessened only a little.
Still this was not as bad as the now intolerable strain on her
arms and chest. Her upper body felt like it was on fire now. She
was having trouble getting air into her lungs. Each breath made
her scream in agony from the movement of her chest muscles.
Before too long she was too tired to move. She hung limply on the
cross, all her muscles screaming in torment. She had just lapsed
into blessed unconsciousness when something bit her right nipple
very hard. Her eyes snapped open. Horrified she saw Sam snapping
an alligator clip to her tiny nipple. Ignoring her frantic
pleading, he attached second clip to her right nipple, followed
by one to her clit, finishing by thrusting a thick rod shaped
electrode into her vagina.

"Can't have you falling asleep on us, now, can we Megan," Don
laughed, turning on the current. This time the pain was far worse
than when Sam had punished her, even worse than it had been when
they tortured her in the car. Megan wanted to die it was so bad.
But of course, they weren't going to let her even faint. She was
tortured with electric shocks for fifteen minutes before they
removed the electrodes.

"Remember Megan, the more pain you feel now, the more pleasure
you'll get later. Would you like us to torture you some more?"
Don asked.

Nearly insane from pain and fear Megan just shook her head once,
then jerked back in agony on the cross.

"Suit yourself," Don told her. He sat and watched the crucified
child writhing till he got bored. "Time to take her down, Sam,"
he ordered.

As Sam started carrying Megan to her bed room, Don went up to
her. "I think we're going to give you one more test, tomorrow.
We're going the fuck the living daylights out of you, but this
time you're going to beg for it first."

