Savannah had been away for work for two weeks. She was stuck in Paris, alone, and Brayden was halfway on the other side of the world. She didn't want to hassle his day, so she made sure she was available for his call every day at 3:00 PM. But on this day, the second to last day before she was scheduled to fly out, he didn't call. Instead, she received a vague text - "can't talk, call you tonight." This was odd of him as their communications had been beyond predictable. The work schedule she had made out for herself gave her two days free for sightseeing. So this is what she did. She spent the majority of the day in the busy Louvre. After rubbing shoulders with what seemed like all of Europe, eating burnt crepes under the Eiffel Tower, and being groped on the subway, she had had enough of Paris.
Once seated in the comfy lounge chair of her suite at the Intercontinental Hotel and sipping on a glass of red wine, her thoughts continued to wonder about Brayden. It was late. She had left the curtains open and was admiring the view of the city of lights. Specifically, the great tower that was sparkling. It was a fairy tale and she was alone. And very horny. Her phone rang. It was Brayden.
Chit chat was short and almost as vague as his text. It didn't stop her from opening her white blouse and playing with her nipple. She sat there listening to him tell her about a guy at work and something stupid he did that day which had caused him to not be able to take her call. But as she sat, trying to listen, she continually found it hard to concentrate on him and instead was now fully aroused, blouse undone and open, squeezing both nipples in each hand. She had put Brayden on speakerphone and decided to get herself off. She found it erotic that she could somewhat carry-on a conversation with one person while slowly bringing herself to orgasm.
His voice was turning her on even more. She had moved to her nether region and was working her clit, slivering it between her first two fingers as she teased entering her own hole with the middle finger upon each slide down. Beyond her, the city of love provided the only lights in the room through open curtains in the window. But something startled her. Was it? No? It couldn't be? Then she heard it again, coming from the front of the room. Towards the entrance. Yes. "Who in the world is banging on the door?" She said to Brayden. "Hold on honey, I'll be right back." She grabbed a robe from the closet and threw it on quickly. As she was tieing the robe, she crouched to look through the peephole in the door.
"Brayden!" She exclaimed. She just stood there and watched him moving around in a little dark and strangely magnified circle, holding a phone to his ear. She jerked the door open and asked him what in the world he was doing in Paris. He simply replied, tilting the cell phone away from his ear, "darling please, can't you see I'm on the phone?" She grabbed him by the jacket and jerked him in the room smiling from ear to ear.
As soon as the door was closed and bolted shut, he grabbed her and kissed her gently, caressing her lips with his tongue. She began stripping him, one piece of clothing at a time, trying to keep her composure. With each second of his kissing, her removal began to get violent and by the time she was done, she had torn his shirt, torn his undershirt, and broken the button and zipper on his pants. She quickly found herself on her knees looking at his cock. Her pouty eyes moved up his body and caught his gaze. And it wasn't until now that she realized that he wasn't there to please her. He was there to please himself.
Her pink lips parted slightly and her attention returned to his swollen member. She began kissing it softly, slowly, up, down, and back up. He grabbed the back of her head with both hands and then made two fist fulls of hair. She certainly knew now he wasn't there to entirely please her. She dared not try to dominate him. And besides, it had been a long time since she was put in check. Maybe she was getting too cocky. She opened wide, and looked up at him. Awaiting his next move.
Brayden toyed with her. He told her to keep her mouth open. And not releasing his grip, he tilted her head downward and pulled it close to his abdomen. "Keep your hole open." She heard him repeat. As she did, she began to drool. "Stick your tongue out." He commanded. She was uncomfortable. Her knees were beginning to go numb. Yet she was more aroused than she'd ever been. Her breathing increased and suddenly the drool building up in her mouth began to flow like a river off the top of her tongue, directly onto Brayden's waiting cock. He tilted her head back a little, traced the glistening end of his penis in circles around her open, wanting lips. Her pouty eyes locked in his gaze. She was more helpless with him now than she'd ever been. And then it happened.
Before she knew it, she was gagging and trying to breath through her nose as his cock seemed to have locked itself into her throat. Her eyes began to water and her nose was gushing. He pulled out. She got a breath in before he pushed her back down. This time she was ready. She took it easily. He let go of her hair and she began to suck and stroke him with long, slow glides up and down while her tongue flicked back and forth. She thought the best thing for herself was to make him cum quick. And he did. She wasn't expecting him to empty so sudden. He shot his load just as she pulled off of him to catch her breath, resulting in his warm spunk splashing directly onto her closed lips and up her nose. She stroked and milked him and he emptied his balls all over her face. She hadn't seen that much cum in a long time.
Still high from being controlled, she cleaned him off and to her shock, his dick stayed hard. Very hard. She'd wondered if he had taken Viagra but she knew better. His tender phallus did eventually droop slightly, but her mouth action prevented it from softening completely. He grabbed her hair in a fist. Pulled her up and turned her around, with her back to him. Without heels, she was easily only shoulder high to him. He pulled her against him. She was still wearing the robe. He wrapped one arm around her waist and moved close to her ear. His breath was warm. His voice was deep. Tingles erupted up and down her spine. Her pussy fluttered. "Now you're going to get fucked, my lovely Pet."
He drug her over to a round, bar style table that was about waist high on her. He told her to stand still. He quickly went back to the door to open his carry-on bag. She could see his reflection in the large window of the hotel room. He returned with two neck ties. He removed the robe she was wearing. Ripped her silk white blouse off, he removed her tights and thong in one motion, and then kneeled behind her. First, he tied one tie around her left leg, joining it with the table leg. Next he moved to the other leg and did the same with the other tie.
He began llicking her pussy. She squirmed to test her bonds. They were tight. She felt his tongue waste no time in finding her clit. And he wasted no time in bringing her to the edge. Just as her hips started to move in motion with his wondrous loving, he stopped. Cool air return to her hot snatch and she felt her orgasm fall away like sand in an hour glass. She rocked and bucked and squirmed but she was unable to finish herself off.

She watched Brayden take the belt from the robe, she assumed he was about to tie her arms behind her back. She assumed wrong. Instead, she found her head being pulled back and the belt slipping tightly between her lips. He tied it in a way that he had a good bit of tag at the end. He used this as a leash. He pulled on it and her head snapped up and now she fully grasped what he was doing. He was going to fuck her. In the window she could see their reflection. She could see the predicament she was now in. And she could see that he was holding a vibrator.
Still pulling on the belt to keep her chin up, he positioned the vibrator directly in the middle of her sopping wet pussy and turned it onto the highest setting. Savannah let out a shrill, followed by a long grunt as she pulled against the white, terry cotton belt between her teeth. Her legs quivered but remained securely fastened to the table legs. She continued to get louder as he alternated between her the center of her desire and her clit. The vibrations sent unending pulses of shockwaves throughout her body. He released his grip on the belt while slowly turning off the vibrator and she laid her down onto the table, panting, trying to get the strength to endure whatever he was about to do to her. He didn't let her rest for long.
Brayden stood her up and attached two nipple clamps to her red and engorged nipples. He then placed a belt around her waist. She attempted to look down but he pulled back on the leash tied into her mouth keeping her head upright. Next he did what she expected him to do earlier, but he left the belt tied around her mouth and tied her arms together behind her back with the tag end of the belt. He stepped back.
Savannah's legs were tied to a table, her mouth gagged by a belt that was also tied to her arms and was so tight that she could only look up at the ceiling. She was standing perfectly erect with nipple clamps attached to her buttons and a strange belt around her waist. She was going to make him pay for this dearly. She was going to really take him over the edge next time. Infact, she may even use this same method on him. Her thoughts were racing and she almost forgot to focus until she felt her nipples vibrating.
The sensation of pain and pleasure was killing her. She needed to cum. Her pussy also began to shake. But with a completely different rhythm. It felt like a bass drum thumping slower than a second hand ticks on a clock. As the minutes wore on the thumping and vibrating seemed to switch places. Her tits were now thumping and her pussy was being well charged with vibrations. She felt the orgasm coming and the pattern would switch back. She was in sexual agony. The frustration was building so high that she began to tear up and wasn't sure if she could handle anymore. If it weren't for being tied to the table she would fall down. She was having trouble keeping her torso upright.
Finally, Savannah could bare it no more. She screamed out through the makeshift gag "Please stop? I want to cum. Please make me cum?" At that, the nipples rested. But the clamps remained for a brief moment longer. Her pussy, however, continued to shake. She could feel her own wetness dripping and oozing down the inside of her legs. Her hips bucked. Her ass began to grind. Brayden stood behind her and guided her torso down toward the table top, halting her at a slight angle over it. He turned the vibrator onto high again. This was it. She was going to cum finally.
Brayden removed both of the nipple clamps at the same time, causing heat to shoot into her nipples. It felt like a thousand tiny needles piercing her skin all at once. This brought her to the very edge of orgasm mountain. She let out another sharp shrill of surprise and frustration. He had turned off the vibrator and pushed her all the way down onto the table forcing her hot, throbbing nipples to be plunged into a small bowls of ice water. With her orgasm halted, her pussy quivering, and her face sticky with Brayden's cum, she was sexually defeated and exhausted. Brayden untied her arms and mouth and then her legs. He then picked up her limp body and lovingly carried her over to the bed.
She noticed he was naked. Her eyes perked up. As he laid her gently into the soft bed, he slowly and gently slid his hot cock into her warm and very wet snatch. Her knees grasped as high as they could on his torso pulling him into her. She felt every inch of him as he thrust the frustration out of her. Her sore nipples seemed to enjoy the ride as his thrusting sent her tight breasts into waves of satisfaction. She grabbed the pillow from under her head and placed it over her face and screamed into it as loud as she could as her body disengaged itself from her mind. She felt like she was floating as he continued to pound away on her. His cock hitting so hard she could practically feel it in her throat. She came and came and came. Over and over. Her red fingernails gripped his taught back and trailed down almost the full length of it.
She was very pleased and ready for him to finish. She began kissing his nipples. She knew it would drive him mad. Surprisingly, he pulled out abruptly, grabbed her hair, and pulled her face to his cock. She felt his hot semen splashing onto her as he milked his load all over her face again. He let go of her hair and she collapsed back down onto the bed. As she lay there her entire body seemed to be tingling and quivering. She drifted off to sleep planning her and Brayden's surprise day out in Paris the following morning. She couldn't wait. And she hoped she would be able to walk.