TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c April 25, 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, 
AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE 
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE 
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR 
BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE 
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Story Title: For Mother's Day:  A Trilogy of Tales Where 
Dominant and Cunning Matriarchs Influence Male Relatives 
Into Cuckoldry

Tale #3: Mother Knows Best
Author: C.D.E.

CAST:
Fiance to be - Norman 
Fiance to be - Nora
Norman's Mother

"I agree with her Norman.  It's unacceptable for you 
to stop eating her other men's cum from her pussy.  I know 
you feel a little slighted, but it makes a woman feel good 
to be sucked out after a good juicy fuck with a sizeable 
dick.  You can't give her that or fill her, but you're 
apparently doing a great job of cleaning her out.  That 
makes her happy and that's all you should be concerned 
about."
Norman couldn't believe his ears.
"Y-You really m-mean that mother?"
"Yes dear.  And since you were eating her out already, 
you should continue even though you now know her cunt is 
full of other men's semen."
"I-I don't know mom, I-I just don't feel the same way.  
I-I have to think of my self esteem .. and to make matters 
worse, she still d-doesn't plan to let me have intercourse 
until our wedding night.  Can you believe she still wants 
me to come into our wedding a virgin?  She's nuts!"
"She's not!  And I will not have you talking about 
Nora that way.  She's just the girl for you.  I also 
applaud her wanting you to be a virgin until the wedding 
night.  I'll be proud that my son is a virgin."
"B-But it's okay for her to be a slut?"  Norman's eyes 
reflected his total bewilderment as he raised his voice as 
he spoke.
"Men have had it that way for centuries.  I think turn 
about is fair.  Anyway, since you're the lesser male in all 
this, you really should be thinking about after you're 
married.  Do you think you can keep her pleased with your 
little thing?  And you know she's going to need more than 
your mouth."
Norman settled down and thought for a moment.
"Y-You're right ... I-I hadn't thought about 
afterwards.  I-I probably should just forget about Nora.  
I-I do love her, b-but thinking I could hold on to a woman 
like her was a-a pipe dream.  I-I'll just tell her it-it's 
all over.  S-She can be with her other men all she wants a-
and I won't have to worry about my pride."
"That's not the way son."  His mother walked over and 
held his head to her breast as she bent over and hugged him 
as he sat.  "True, you can't hold onto her with out other 
men helping you, but you can be a good husband and be a 
part of her life."  Releasing her embrace, she then looked 
him straight in the eyes.  "But Norman, it has to be on her 
terms ... and you have to accept them unconditionally.  She 
sincerely loves you even though you might have to undergo 
some humiliation in being her husband.  But just being the 
husband of such a beautiful woman should more than make up 
for that."
Norman and his mother talked some more. She even got 
her mollycoddled son to sheepishly admit, he'd found his 
steady girlfriend's creamy hair pie delectable and relished 
the taste until he discovered she was feeding him fucked 
gooey snatch, made slimy by other men's dicks.
"Norman, as your mother, I not only knows what's best 
for you, but only want what's best for you.  Understand 
baby?  You should not be put off by her trickery to make 
you her spouse.  After all, what's good to you, is good for 
you.  Her pussy is good for you, as well as what other men 
put in it, because what they put in her, helps you keep 
her."
Norman, depressed at his predicament and somewhat 
perplexed by his mom's cunning words, just nodded 
affirmatively at her statement.  However, her very 
encouragement and sanctioning of him marrying a promiscuous 
woman did seem to make things better, even if it would 
cause him a bit of humiliation.
	"And son, go ahead and put that ring on her finger.  
Show her you really care for her.  It'll also send a signal 
to the men she'll be dating that she's yours, even though 
they maybe fucking her at the moment."
	"I-I never thought of it-it in that way."  He replied 
in a reflective manner.
Norman decided to swallow his remaining pride and give 
his mother's advice a try.


A FEW DAYS LATER

As she did sometimes, Nora came by Norman's house in 
the wee hours of the morning, on her way home from her 
dates.  Tonight it had been two big horny black studs.  She 
presented Norman with her soggy, jism saturated, wet messy 
cunt to lick and suck.  As he ate her she seemed wilder 
than ever before.  He was sure his mom would be awaken by 
her fervor.
"EAT IT!  SUCK A REAL MAN'S CUM OUTTA MY PUSSY!  
THAT'S IT SUUUUUUCK MEEEE!" She shouted as she came 
uncontrollably.
She slowly settled down and helped poor Norman get off 
by jerking him off after slipping a condom on him.  When 
she first reached in her purse and put it on him, his mind 
raced at the possibility she might let him have some of 
what he'd been sucking on and which many men had pushed 
their cocks into.  But his hopes were soon vanquished as 
she stroked him and had him tell her he loved her and all 
that she was doing. It was hard not to do as he felt the 
delicious feeling of her hands through the latex sheath.  
Before she sent him down to sleep on the couch while she 
slept over in his bed, he remembered her saying something 
about him getting use to wearing a rubber.
The next morning, Nora stayed for breakfast.  She was 
up and in the kitchen helping Norman's mother before he 
came in.
"Morning darling."  She said to Norman as she kissed 
him lightly on the lips.
"Morning sleepy head, looks like you gave your future 
bride quite a workout last night.  No wonder she loves you 
so."
"I do mother James.  He's such a good pussy sucker.  
He really does know how to clean up a messy cunt and make a 
girl feel heavenly."
"Are you sure you're hungry Norman,  after all you ate 
last night."
The two women giggled loudly as Norman's face turned 
more beet red.  He couldn't believe how his own mother was 
adding to his humiliation.  Was it to condition him for his 
future role as husband of a slut?  If so, then she was just 
being a good mom, and he shouldn't think badly of her.
As the three ate breakfast, the jokes and puns 
continued, especially since his mother cooked him cream of 
wheat.
Norman, face flushed and embarrassed sat quietly while 
the two women basically carried the conversation.  The talk 
was about his fiance lovers of the previous evening.  She 
talked openly of their sexual prowess, the size of their 
genitals and the volume of the jism they shot off.  His 
mother totally encouraged this by the types of questions 
she asked of her son's future bride.
"You know Norman, you should get to know Nora's men 
friends better.  Maybe go out with them along or with she 
and them.  Dear, I know you may be slightly shocked at 
this, but I think you should consider sucking their big 
dicks for them from time to time.  You know, as a way of 
letting them know that you don't feel threatened by them 
sexing your future wife and that you love and support her 
seeking her happiness."
Norman almost choked in response to his mom's words.

SEVERAL WEEK LATER

"Dear, you know Nora is going  off the pill two months 
before the wedding?"
"Yes mom.  She wants to be fertile on our wedding 
night.  She wants to start on our family right away."
"Son, I told her to go off now.  That'll give her 12 
good weeks for the effects to wear off."
"Okay.  That sounds good to me."
"Now son, you do know that she will still be seeing 
her `real men' while she's off the pill."
"I-I guess as much. Yeah we talked about that. She 
said she'd tell them and they would probably use rubbers."
"Nora just called.  She couldn't catch you at the 
office before you left, but she let me know that after 
talking it over it over with all her men friends, all eight 
of them, none want to use condoms."
"W-What?  Eight!  I-I thought she w-was only dating 
three ...Eight!"
"Yes eight.  And also, they don't want her using any 
spermicide or other protection.  They feel like it will 
interfere with their lovemaking.  They all agree on one 
thing .. that you sucking her out is the best and most 
natural method of birth control for her."
"W-What!  T-They can't be telling her what to do!  W-
Who the hell do they think they ..."
"They are the men who're fucking your fiance dear.  
The ones who can take her away from you." His mom exhibited 
a wicked smug smile at her son as she looked him in the 
face.
"I-I know, b-but d-don't they know s-she might get p-
pregnant?"
"Not if you do a good job dear of tongue douching her 
pussy quickly after she's been freshly fucked."
"Oh no, t-they want t-to get her pregnant."
"The possibility is there that she could be walking 
down the aisle carrying someone else's child.  But a lot of 
that's up to you."
"Up to me!  No, Nora has to insist they use rubbers 
and she should use something too.  Why not a diaphragm?"
"They're messy and inconvenient.  No dear, she's 
already told me, she's going to abide by their wishes.  
There's not going to be any protection used. Either by her 
or them.  She feels she owes it to them to do as they 
desire."
"Them!  What about me?"
"Norman, remember I said you may have to put up with 
some humiliation because you're marrying a slut. And you 
know over the last few weeks I've tried to condition you to 
be the perfect husband for such an arrangement for the 
woman you love dearly I might add .. and who loves you 
dearly."
"H-How can she love me and be so callous.  It's almost 
as she might want to have a baby from one of them.  B-both 
of you have helped me accept being cuckold even before I 
was married ... but this ... t-the possibility of her 
having another man's child .. I-I ... Hey wait a minute!  
An abortion!  She could ..."
"Wrong answer!"  His mother interjected quickly.  
"There will be no abortion! Put that out of your mind.  We 
are talking about my grand kids here."
"T-Then w-what is the answer.  Surely I couldn't ..."
"The answer is simple.  If there is an accident and 
she gets impregnated, she will have the baby and it will 
carry your name.  You will be the father and that's the 
answer.  And yes you can be a loving father to another 
man's child that will be calling you daddy.  Norman, you 
know how good you are with kids."

NORMAN & NORA TALK

Nora confirmed everything his mom had told Norman.
"But surely Nora, you don't have to let them dictate to 
you, you can lay down the law and tell ..."
"Norman, before you even go there, let me say that, 
unlike you, they lay the law down for me.  I lay the law 
down for you.  You know your place that I want for you.  
Now they have made a decision.  I will abide by it, which 
means you will have to also.  The decision is final.  You 
will be my only birth control.  They want it that way .. 
and I want it that way.  And since you claim you love me, 
you want it that way too.  Tell me so."
Norman had never seen his fiance so imperious and 
demanding.  He was dumfounded as well as cowed.
"I-I do love you s-so very much Nora b-but ..."
"Quit stalling!  Tell me you're going along with the 
program or you're out!"
"O-Okay ... I-I want w-what y-you want.  I-I'll do w-
whatever needs t-to be done."
"That's the way I want my husband to be, not 
wishy-washy."

EPILOGUE

Over the next twelve weeks Norman's mother got her 
wish that he get know more about Nora's studs. It became 
commonplace for him to suck on their big poles whenever 
they desired.  Whether it was before or after they fucked 
her or if they dropped by and she wasn't there.  
His rationale, instilled in him by his mom, for 
accommodating them was that the more of their copious loads 
of sperm he could intercept, the less of it that would not 
end up in his future bride's cunt.
However, despite all  his mouthing and tonguemanship, 
his new bride let him know on their wedding night that she 
was over a month pregnant.  No wonder she was so radiant 
and cheerful he thought to himself.  It seems also that he 
was the last to know.
His bride, doesn't know who the father is.  She'll 
have to wait until the baby is born.
Norman was bewildered that his mother seemed as 
gleeful about His wife having another man's baby as she 
was.
"Norman it's my grandchild too, no matter that you 
didn't put it in her."  Was his mother's smiling reply when 
he asked her why she was so supportive of his wife being 
impregnated by her lover.	
Norman was finally  able to have intercourse with Nora 
and to touch and handle her luscious tits.  He thought it 
so wonderful to finally be able to have these extra 
conjugal privileges.  As far as intercourse, she was rather 
stretched, but he delighted in just being able to be in 
her.  Sometimes she still jerks him off from time to time 
when she didn't feel like putting up with his feeble 
attempts to fuck her cavernous cunt.
The baby was a healthy 7 pound boy and it was obvious 
it belonged to one of her studs named Frank. The baby was 
named Franklin by Nora.
A few weeks later, Nora was back on the pill and all 
her activities resumed.  Norman ended up doing a lot of 
babysitting for  their baby son, while she continued to see 
and sex her various men friends and their friends.
A year later, she let him know that she was ready to 
have another child.  In the same breath she showed him a 
large box that was a present from her studs. It was gift 
wrapped.  Norman was speechless when he opened it. It 
contained a gross of condoms.
"Honey, they want you to wear these while I'm off the 
pill.  The other eight guys want a chance at me having 
their baby.  They say, that after they each of them get me 
pregnant, then you can get a chance at me having your 
child."
Norman had a most incredulous look on his face.  Her 
lovers had decided that his wife was to be a breeder for 
them.  As a consolation prize, he could finally get a 
chance after she had their babies first.  Norman, realizing 
that might take 12-15 years, had the resigned look of 
defeat on his face, knowing that his wife wouldn't want to 
have his kid after having all those of her lovers.  
Norman's wife kissed him as she exhibited a malicious 
smile.  It was apparent she was enjoying her husband's 
plight of being so well humiliated and subjugated.  

			---END OF TALE #3---
				

Like these type fictional stories? Send comments or future 
story ideas to CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com
