Wet & Ready
by Perry Jones

	CHAPTER SIX

	Next day the try-outs for openings on the swim and diving teams went well. The male squads finished by I0 a.m. and the girls were scheduled for two o'clock in the afternoon. I took an early, short lunch and when I got back at noon, I heard voices and the sound of water splashing from the pool. I looked out. The diving coach, Rob Dunn, was yelling.

	"No," I heard him call out. "'You've got to arch your back more. When your hands hit the water, your head was already past vertical."

	I leaned around the corner. A pretty blonde woman ducked under the water then smoothed her hair as she came up from the pool. It was Pam, looking quite differently than she did on Monday when I peeked into the storage room.

	Coach Dunn looked at his watch then said, "Give it one more try, Pam. Then I've really got to get ready for the afternoon trials."

	Pam dove again and came down the same way. Her dive was graceful and smooth until she started to tuck and roll, when she came out awkwardly. She entered the water too short this time, hitting with a splash.

	They talked for a second. Pam's head dropped. Rob Dunn put his hand on her shoulder then walked out. I saw Pam sitting by herself. I locked my purse in the office then went back out to the pool.

	"Hi," I said.

	"Hello, Nurse Perry," she said in that sweet country accent.

	There was something about Pam that I really liked. She was a year younger than me, but she seemed so much older sexually. Her body was fantastic, I knew, especially when it was naked and quivering with desire. Just thinking about the way Pam looked as she sucked on Rob's huge cock was making my own nipples crinkle up tightly.

	I told Pam that I'd been watching her work all week and I wished her good luck in the trials.

	She looked up at me and her pretty blue eyes started to well up with water.

	"Aren't you going to try out for the diving team?" I asked.

	"No sense trying," she said, her voice quivering.

	"Come back to my office," I suggested. "We can talk there."

	Pam followed me. I opened the door, closing it behind us. I sat on the couch, motioning for her to sit by me.

	"I'm not going to make the diving team," she sobbed.

	I opened my arms and Pam came to me. As I hugged this big-breasted beauty, she broke into open sobs. She cried for two or three minutes and then looked up at me, her eyes puffy.

	"I so wanted to make it," she said.

	"There's other things in life, Pam," I said. "You've won lots of diving matches in high school. You're just going to have to move on. Find some other interests. Besides, you can still dive for fun."

	"It's these damn tits!" she hissed. "If it wasn't for them, I'd make the team easily."

	I looked down at Pam, her full tits against mine. Through the thin diving suit, I could see the outline of her nipples and the bumpy circles around them.

	"Lots of girls would kill for boobs like yours," I laughed. "Me, for example."

	Pam looked down at my much smaller titties. I knew that my nipples were rock-hard under my white dress and push-up bra. I took a peek, seeing that my aroused nipples were obvious even through the bra and dress.

	As I watched, Pam's nipples started to harden too.

	I'd never thought about another girl in a sexual manner before and I was amazed to find that looking at her was turning me on now. The thin suit hid nothing about her growing arousal either. I watched as Pam's big tits swelled, the tips hardening up into inch-long spurs of pure passion.

	"I like the way your body looks, Nurse Perry," she said. "You always look so perfect. All I've got going for me is these tits. I think the damn things are still growin'! I bought a 38D bra last time and it's getting tight on me."

	"My breasts are only 34B's," I said.

	"You've got great legs, though," Pam said. "I saw you in the pool a while back. You got one perfect ass, too."

	"What's a perfect ass?" I laughed.

	"A heart-shaped one," she explained.

	While we were talking, we were still loosely wrapped in each other's arms. As Pam started to get hot, the closeness of her sexy young body was getting to me. Her hard nipples touched mine.

	"How can a girl's ass be heart-shaped?" I asked.

	"I'll show you," she said.

	I got a hand mirror from my desk and Pam stood behind me as I bent over the couch. I flipped up my short skirt, looking in the mirror to see my ass in the long mirror on the back of the door.

	"These will have to come off," she said, tugging at my panties gently.

	I let her pull off my damp panties and when my bottom was naked, I looked in the mirror. Pam dropped to her knees behind me, guiding me until my legs were straight and closed.

	"See?" she said, her fingers touching my skin at the top of my ass crack, where a covering of feathery down grew.

	Pam's fingers parted, coming up over the clenched muscles of my tight ass cheeks. I watched. She was right. Her fingers came up then arched down into a graceful curve that joined where my thighs came together.

	"A perfect heart," she said.

	Pam's demonstration was through, but her fingers lingered on my damp thighs. I groaned softly, feeling my pussy gushing inside. I knew she wasn't a man, but my cunt was hornier by the instant.

	I stood still, not really wanting Pam to stop caressing my thighs. When I looked at her, her face and chest were flushed. Her eyes were still a little puffy, but they were now glazed without a trace of sadness.

	"All I've got going for me are these," she said, pointing to her own boobs.

	"They are beautiful," I admitted.

	"Wanna see them?" she asked with a free-spirited tone.

	"I already have," I said before I realized what I was saying. "Naked, you look even more beautiful."

	Pam stopped and immediately asked how I knew what she looked like naked. When I told her about peeking at her and Coach Dunn, she wasn't embarrassed at all. She just giggled, telling me that she wished she knew I'd been watching her. It would have made her even more horny, she happily admitted. When I told Pam that I played with myself as I watched, she looked into my eyes.

	There was no mistaking that look. Pam was as horny as I was at that moment.

	"Since you've already seen me naked," she said, saying no more. And in one motion, Pam stripped off her wet diving suit and stood naked in front of me.

	"Like I said," I whispered. "Beautiful."

	Pam's fingers joined with mine as we worked off my clothes together. Both nude, we faced one another and our lips seemed to come together. I tilted my face to the right and when her hot lips touched mine, her sweet tongue peeked out, joining my tongue in my mouth.

	"Nurse Perry?" Pam started to ask.

	"Jessica," I said.

	"Jessica," she went on, smiling. "Have you ever made it with a woman?"

	"No," I said.

	"Me, neither," she confessed. "But I've really got the urge to try it with you right now. I know it's bad, but I can't help it."

	Pam's full breasts fit my hands so well, her heavy melons, solid and fleshy. As I stretched my fingers over each hard nipple, I felt a tingle surge through my cunt.

	My hands were on that huge set of tits and Pam's were behind me, cupping and squeezing the cheeks of my ass. She pulled in tightly, her wet pussy rubbing against my own juicy one. We ground our hips together and slithered our tongues in and out of each other's mouths.

	As much as I was enjoying her kisses, I needed more. I wanted to taste those tits in my mouth.

	Pam must have been thinking the same thought because we moved as one, turning on the couch. I ended up on the bottom, my feet just off the end of the couch. Pam was up by my head. Her kisses were upside down and the flat, smooth bottom of her tongue felt weird as I sucked it. She broke away, licking and kissing down past my chin toward my aching titties.

	Pam's big tits came swaying over my face as her lips sucked moistly around my right nipple.

	"Yes," I moaned as Pam sucked in gently and used her teeth playfully to scrape over my sensitive nipple. "I love that. I love to have my titties kissed."

	"Do me, Jessie," Pam gushed.

	I reached above my head. As I tilted to catch one swaying tit, Iran my hand along her rounded belly and down to her cunt hair. My long middle finger rubbed down into the juicy crack between her pussy lips and Pam's juices coated my finger. I curled my hand, sinking deeply into the sucking wetness of her hot pussy.

	I was moving my face, letting the heavy fullness of Pam's huge tits brush back and forth over my mouth. I loved it and licked at her hard nipples as they centered on my lips. My motion set her nipples into a trembling, quivering rhythm that swelled in time with my flicking tongue.

	Pam's technique was totally different, but it was making my hot pussy cream like crazy. She sucked at my nipples, chewing delicately as she stretched the rubbery nubs out to their fullest. As quickly as my aching flesh snapped free, she captured it in her mouth again, my sensitive brown buds with her tongue and nipping at them with her teeth.

	"I think that's about all the tit action I can stand," she groaned. "Let's try something else, honey."

	"Like what?" I asked.

	"I could lick this thing a little," she whispered, touching my hot cunt.

	"And I could kiss your pussy at the same time," I offered.

	We looked into each other's lust-glazed eyes and immediately Pam crawled down, dragging her heavy tits across my trembling boobs then over my belly. Her kisses led the way, leaving a moist trail that stopped for a second at my belly-button and then into the line of cunt-fur just below. Her face hovered over my hot cunt as her thighs straddled my face.

	"Ooh, what a pretty pussy," she moaned as I felt her fingers exploring my pink flesh. "It's all open like a flower. I can see how wet you are, Jessica. God, you're hot!"

	Hers wasn't too bad either, I thought. I stroked at Pam's tight-lipped pussy, opened it and ran my middle finger up through her cunt lips again, watching as her flesh squirmed from my touch. I pushed inside a little and her wet hole sucked in my finger.

	She spread her legs another inch apart and her pussy juice dripped onto my face. As her little droplets of passion oozed out of her, my own cunt drooled in anticipation of what we'd do next.

	Pam opened me wide with her fingers and I could feel her gaze locking on my juicy cunt flesh. Suddenly I felt her breath close to my pussy and her cool breath became a hot blast. Her sweet tongue licked me through and through, caressing up through the folds of my meaty fuck-hole.

	"Jesus!" I hissed.

	It was awesome. Just the idea of having another girl lick over my horny pussy was something I would never have dreamed of before taking this nursing job. But it was happening.

	"Oooh, pretty pussy," I heard Pam say softly.

	I thrust out my tongue and Pam groaned as my tongue sliced up through the tight lips of her wet pussy. I slid my tongue up the cuntal slit until I penetrated into her tight love-hole. She squirmed over me, her own face plowing into my pussy.

	Pam's tongue licked me up and down through my puffy cuntlips and then she curled her tongue, making me draw in a hissing breath. I began to move my tongue even faster inside her juicy wetness and Pam probed her tongue up a couple of inches.

	I held my breath in anticipation. Pam seemed to know exactly what to do. She used her thumbs to spread apart my cuntlips and drove her stiffened tongue deeply into my sucking fuck hole. I groaned and she pulled up from my eager twat just as she had me panting and squirming to suck in my engorged clitty.

	This blonde beauty was sucking my clitty like a tiny cock. Her lips surrounded my most sensitive flesh, sucking and rolling the tip of my trembling joy-button with her sweet tongue. She rose me, her sucking mouth moving up and down just as it had when she gave the coach a blowjob a few days ago.

	That's what she was doing to me. She was giving my hard little clitty a blowjob.

	"Ooooh, Pam," I moaned aloud. "God, I love it when you suck me like that. Ooh, yeah! Just like that."

	The velvet-like slipperiness of Pam's sweet tongue fucking in and out of my hot box and then the urgent, sucking feel of her baby-soft lips attacking my clitty were more than I could take. Her gentle, soft tongue caressed me so completely that in seconds, I was cumming. My bubbling juices flowed out onto her lips.

	I tried then to give her as much pleasure as she gave me. Pam was slick and juicy up inside and I tongued away at her pink flesh. She tasted fantastic, her cunt-syrup dripping into my mouth. I lashed over her swollen clitty and felt the tensing in her rounded belly. Since my hands were free, I reached between our bodies and started rolling Pam's nipples again.

	My tongue and fingers moved quickly in a sort of unison and the combination made her squirm and shudder. Even after she came in one sweeping jolt, I licked her hard little joy-button, quivering my tongue over it as it quivered back. The delicate little bud swelled and fell with each orgasm. I watched it from about an inch away, seeing Pam's pink clit push up from the sheath of slippery tissue around it.

	"Do you like it when I do this?" I asked.

	I licked up the small shaft then twirled my tongue across the button-like tip. Pam moaned. More of her tangy aroma filled my nostrils.

	"Mmmm," came her soft reply.

	Her clitty got harder and harder, pushing down against my flicking tongue in humping cycles as my tongue brought my new friend up to another body-shuddering climax.

	Both of us were cumming so frequently I couldn'tresist trying new ways to make her cum.

	"How about this?" I asked again.

	I stiffened my tongue, sliding it up into Pam's tight little fuck-hole. My fingers pinched down hard on her swollen nipples and I could feel Pam's tongue thrilling my clitty once again. She was humping up and down, making little squeals of delight as she fucked my tongue.

	We were both building for a dual cum. As I tongue-fucked her pussy, she lapped softly and delicately all around my dripping cunt. She licked up my oozing juices, sliding in her tongue so deeply that my gripping cuntlips were sucking over her mouth. Her hands weren't spreading my fleshy cunt to keep it out of the way any longer. Pam was just diving into my pussy, trying to force as much of her face into my slick crotch as she could.

	"Yes," I panted.

	Suddenly her hands found the cheeks of my ass. She gripped tightly and buried her fingers deeply in the crack of my ass. With each licking flick from her sweet tongue, Pam pulled me up tightly against her mouth.

	As I prodded deeply into her tight cunt, she licked up one side of my fully erect clitty and down the other. She stayed away from my super-sensitive tip, teasing and flicking her tongue over the base and sides of my aching clit.

	Pam had been flicking her tongue over my clitty now for over five minutes, teasing me and keeping me right on the edge as she built for one last orgasm. But I couldn't wait. I moved my hand away from her tits, down to her dripping snatch. Using my forefinger lightly and rapidly, I tortured her swollen clitty as I face-fucked her hot pussy with my stiff tongue.

	I wanted her to cum.

	Pam's entire body shimmied on top of me. She rode my tongue, waiting until she was at the peak of her own wild climax and then her baby-soft lips surrounded my aching cunt one last time. She sucked hard, squealing as her luscious pussy oozed out cream onto my chin.

	I wanted to give her even more pleasure and as she clamped down on my climaxing clitty, I pushed one stiffened finger between the muscular cheeks of her ass. She was all buttery-smooth inside and my probing finger brought Pam over the edge. She screamed and I fucked her dripping pussy with my tongue and reamed out her tight little asshole with my finger.

	At this, we both climaxed, cumming in a moaning, squishing, frenzied rush that left us breathless and weak. We remained wrapped in a 69 position for a while before Pam finally managed to move.

	I looked into her blue eyes and saw only satisfaction and sexual fulfillment. Pam had enjoyed herself. So had I. We both looked at each other then kissed sweetly.

	"We were bad," she giggled.

	"No," I cooed. "That was too nice to be bad."

	"It was more than nice, honey," Pam said. "God, you cum like a house on fire, don't you?"

	"I do when I get the right kind of help." I kissed Pam again, enjoying the feel of her naked, sweaty embrace.

	We were still there when a light knocking sound came on the locked door.

	"Damn," I whispered. "Again?"

	We exchanged smiles and did not make a sound. 



	To be Continued 

