This story contains mature content and is intended for the exclusive use of consenting ADULTS ONLY. If you can be offended by pornographic descriptions, or if you are a minor,Under the age of 18, it is illegal and forbidden to view, download, access or acquire this file by any means.
                   Please go do something else.
This material is Copyright, 2009  by cookiesncream925.  All rights reserved.  I specifically grant the right of downloading and keeping ONE electronic copy for your personal, non commercial use and reading so long as this notice is included.  Reposting requires previous permission and is only allowed IN ITS ENTIRETY, including this copyright notice. Any other use is illegal without the prior written consent of the author.

All persons here depicted, except public figures depicted as public figures in the background, are figments of my imagination and any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.


Halloween Treats
Chapter 4
Back inside everything seem quite.  "Thank God" I thought " now for some well deserved sleep" as I knew the girls would up early. I open my bedroom door and there she was, still sound asleep softly snoring /purring as she slept.  I gazed at her, watch her chest slightly raising and loweri ng with her breaths.  Her breast seems natural yet appeared to have a firmness to them.  Her long tanned legs were well shaped and needed no hose.  The soft flair to her hips suggested she would be a tiger in bed.   "sure am glad I'm not gay" as she sure would have been a conquest. Let her sleep, I thought, she'll feel better in the morning.
I turned off the light, pulled my costume over my head lay down in just my thong for some well deserved sleep.
I woke hours later to a movement on the bed, then realized it was her just moving and adjusting.  As I lay there starting to doze again, I felt it.  Like fur traveling up my legs, a gently almost imperceptible nudging of my legs.  I went with it sure it was just a dream until I felt the tongue.  Gently searching, tracing, delving on a search.  Ah the coolness as the ceiling fan blew across the tongues trail.   I arched my back a little and slightly rotated my legs to provide better access for that tongue.  It was now circling, circling around my bud.  I could feel it start to grow and bloom out of its cover.  The tongue had found it and knew just what to do.  As it circled and rubbed, it started delving deeper into my cleft.  I could feel my wetness.  I want more.  A hand urged my legs apart as the tongue worked its wonder and dove deeper into me.  God the feeling.  Only a woman could do this so well!  I really didn't know her but her ministrations were convincing me that I should swear off men.  I knew I couldn't do that as I loved a good hard hot cock, even if it was only once a week.  She .... could fill the week-day gap.  
Her hands went to my breasts.  Her soft gentle fingers rubbing, stroking and rolling in just the right way.  My breathing was getting heavier, I could feel her every move.  She started drawing my thong down over my hips and I lifted up to help her.  Thongs gone she ran her hands up my calves , then my thighs as she gently moved them apart.  Her tongue was doing wonders.  I felt her move up and lift my hips as if try to gain a better position for her tongue.  Her hands roamed over my chest and as she held me I could feel her fingers slowly tracing circles on my belly.  As she held me by my hips, I felt her hair fall onto my chest as she reached down to suck on my nipples.  God it felt so good.  Then it dawned on me.......
If she was licking my cleft and holding my hips up, then whose lips were on my breasts?  
Then I felt it.  Warm, throbbing , hard.  He was working his cock into me like a hot knife through butter.  He held my hips and gently yet firmly drove his cock all the way into me, causing a shattering and instant orgasm.  She continued to rub and caress and suck as he continued to pump into me.  What was happening?  I didn't care.  My body surrendered itself to them as they continued their ministrations on my body.  Mind shattering and life changing all in one.  I knew that I wanted both. Tongue and cock.
