Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they both belong to their respective owners. I do, however, own pieces of the plot

Chapter Six: The Night Before

The ladies 'round the campfire drew away their chosen men.
The air alive with the fear that they would never be seen again. 

Seto twisted around in his saddle, earning a slap from Kisara before he had even completed the move. He turned back, staring glumly down the line of people that were heading for the new castle. He was supposed to be in charge of this whole venture, but he couldn't focus on any of it. He was too busy worrying about Kisara, despite all her protests.

How where they going to survive this?

Gozaburo would attempt to kill Kisara before the child was even born and Seto couldn't leave with them without his absence being noticed. He would be hunted down and forced back to the castle as Gozaburo had yet to sire another heir.

Seto knew exactly how his father perceived him. He was a cold hearted man, one who cared little for anyone around him and was able to keep a cool mind when everyone else was in a panic. That was the image he tried to present to everyone, the image that nearly everyone had fallen for. Only four people, three now, had seen through it.

He sighed, blinking as Crump rode up beside him, openly staring at Kisara. Seto carefully cleared his throat, drawing the knight's attention back to him. Crump seemed disappointed for a moment before he gave a smile, the expression looking forced. Seto looked away, allowing Crump to ride beside him for the time being. Eventually, the knight would speak and then ride on ahead. The three other knights closest to Gozaburo would follow the pattern, leaving him ready to strangle someone by the time they reached the new castle. There was a small mercy in the fact that Lector had stayed behind with Gozaburo and the dragon.

"My prince, your father asked me to bring up the topic of marriage with you." Seto rolled his eyes, forcing himself not to look at Kisara. In public, he tired to act uninterested in her, often failing. She was supposed to be a maid he had picked out at random, but the ruse was ruined as he refused to allow her to change her appearance. He had grown too fond of her white hair to let that happen. He steeled himself for the lecture that the knight would give.

"It is the best choice for the kingdom if you marry now, as we are in a year of plenty." Seto contemplated the irony of the statement as he looked to the side of the road, watching two skinny children scurry away. It was only a year of plenty for the nobles. He looked away, eye tracing the path to the village. Where was Yugi in all of this? He should have come back by now, or at least heard of his kingdom's plight.

"I'll think about it." Seto cut Crump off before the knight could continue in his ramble, suddenly not wanting to hear more. Crump looked offended as he urged his horse forward, Seto glaring at his back until the squat knight had fallen back into the line of people. Seto looked up at the sun, estimating the time it would take them to reach the new castle.

If all went well, the move into the castle would be painless, the wagons having been sent out earlier and the riders coming later in the day. Most of the servants and knights had gone with the first wagons, which meant that the castle should resemble some kind of home by the time they got there. And he could keep Kisara away from everyone, ready for when his father arrived with his dragon.

He looked down as Kisara reached over to place a hand on his knee, breaking their rule of no signs of affection, but Seto couldn't bring himself to move from her touch. He gave her a small, shaky smile before turning his attention back to the column of riders.

Atem spiraled up into the sky, riding a thermal to save energy. He turned his head slightly, eyes easily picking out the group riding through the forest. He adjusted his wings, steering out of the thermal and diving back toward the earth, timing his descent so that he was skimming close to the ground as the group emerged from the forest, riding along the edge. The horses and mule just snorted when they saw him, now used to his presence after spending most of the day with him. Atem pulled up, grunting as he came to a hover to let his hind legs touch the ground before letting himself fall back forward, folding his wings on his back and settling to a slow walk beside the group. Yugi smiled at him, eyes shining. Atem nodded at the prince, about to speak to him when Mahad motioned him forward. The red and black dragon rolled his eyes and walked up to the knight. He didn't appreciate being ordered around like a dumb creature, but at least it was better than being treated like vermin.

"We're heading toward the next village over. Hopefully we can get some supplies before heading back toward the hills. You sweep the area; stay on the look out for anyone who would want to kill Yugi." Atem gave a sharp nod, his patience already wearing thin. He knew that if he left without saying a word Mahad would be after him again and he wasn't sure that Yugi would be able to convince the knight to hold his sword this time. "We'll rest there before heading closer to the new castle."

"You plan to attack now?" Atem stared at the knight in shock, growling as the knight nodded.

"The king will be distracted by the move and we can slip in easily with all the people running around. You just act as a distraction and we'll do the rest. Then, we can go our separate ways." Mahad glared at him, implying that Atem wouldn't be welcome back into this kingdom after this whole affair was over. The dragon snarled at the knight, watching as the horse shied in fear. Mahad scrambled for a better hold on the reins, one hand reaching for his sword. Atem noticed and fell back a step.

"Your plan is suicidal." The black and red dragon kept his voice low, not wanting the others to hear. Mahad was clearly the leader of the group and all would fall apart if his authority was challenged. Yugi would be the only one willing to accept the dragon's advice. The others thought him just above a stupid animal. Atem glared at Mahad as the knight looked over at him, the fingers tapping against the pommel of the sword his warning to the dragon. Atem glared at the human's attempts to intimidate him before expanding on his earlier statement. "It's rushed. You only have three on your side that you know of, I don't think you are willing to trust the poet and the thief."

"If they agree, I'll welcome their help. But I won't force them into this."

Atem forced his voice to remain low, wanting to snap at the knight. "So we might have five on our side. Against the entire castle if one of us slips up? What are your plans for escape?"

"Seto will help us and Aislinn. And there will be no need for escape after we take the castle. These people are loyal to Yugi, he is their hope for safety." Atem stopped in his tracks, letting the rest of the group ride past him. It didn't matter, he could catch up to them in a moment. He dropped his head, shaking it. Mahad was a good knight, he could see that, but he couldn't see past the need to get his charge back into power. And his information was woefully out of date. That was going to get them all killed.

Atem sighed, staring down at his claws as he thought. Mahad he could care less about, his relationship with the knight already strained. But was he really ready to condemn the others to the same fate? He didn't know Ryou or Bakura well, but he and the thief had an understanding, the both of them having to make their living off others. Atem suspected that Bakura knew that he was more intelligent than the stories said dragons were, but didn't like to admit it, just because it was easier to justify his actions, somewhere along the line. And the poet was harmless to everyone. But he didn't want Yugi to get hurt. He looked up, eyes going immediately to the tri-colored hair. He stared at Yugi as the prince and Ryou talked, listening to their laughter as it floated back.

No, he didn't want Yugi to be killed in this reckless plan. Yugi was the only one who had attempted to understand him or had even looked at him as something other than a creature. He was just fascinating to the dragon, the need to spend more time with the prince drawing him closer than he wanted to be. But, somehow, Yugi made it all worthwhile. And that would all end if Mahad went forward with his plan.

The dragon growled to himself and walked back toward the head of the group, his long strides easily catching him up. Mahad glanced over like he was surprised to see the dragon. Atem gave the knight a serious look before opening his mouth to speak, intending to tell Mahad about the gaping wholes in his plan. He snapped his jaws shut as Mahad gave a careless wave of his hand, dismissing him without a second thought. "I don't want to hear it. Just do your job and we can see the end of each other."

Atem snorted, stopping and turning his head away. He relaxed when he felt a soft touch on his shoulder. Atem looked down at the prince, falling into step beside Yugi's horse as they walked along. The prince kept one hand on Atem, his fingers moving over the scales. The dragon sighed, looking at Yugi out of the corner of one eye. Yugi just gave him a soft smile, patting his shoulder. "Ignore Mahad. I feel like I don't know him anymore."

"Yugi…this-"

"Dragon!" Atem looked up with a snarl as Mahad shouted, pointing up at the sky in a clear indication of what he wanted. Yugi winced at the order, hand clenching to a fist where it rested on Atem's shoulder. Atem looked down at Yugi, gently nudging his shoulder to draw his attention again.

"I'll go. But, please, try to keep them safe. I don't trust this knight of yours."

"I trust Mahad with my life." Yugi was staring at him with wide eyes, Atem feeling horror seeping through him at the simple statement. If Yugi would follow Mahad, even when the knight was doing things that Yugi didn't agree with, then his life was in danger. Atem looked away, unable to stand the shocked gaze of the young man.

"Please." The word was whispered before Atem moved away from the contact, walking off and good distance before shoving himself off the ground. He snapped his wings open at the top of his jump, hissing as they trembled under the sudden weight. It wasn't his favorite way of taking off, but it was the quickest. And he had to get away from the knight now before he did something he regretted. Like snatch Yugi away before Mahad could lead them into a potentially deadly situation. He circled the group, watching as Yugi gave him a sad wave before he found a thermal to carry him up. Atem let the warm air lift him higher into the air; turning is head as he scanned the countryside around him.

He understood why Mahad was doing this. The knight was simply trying to piece back together the world that he had seen shatter, it was a natural reaction. Atem had done it himself when his father had been captured, fighting the humans without any real plan. And he had paid for it. He was still paying for it. It was the reason he had offered the deal to the knight, because he had known that he wouldn't be able to survive a long battle. He needed what little reserves he had for the winter, because he wouldn't be able to make the long flight to somewhere else, not without having the cold weather catch up to him in the end. Which would mean another winter of taking from those who had less than him. But desperation was no reason to lead others to their deaths.

Atem caught a long line of humans moving across the plains, moving straight for the pristine white castle. The dragon snorted before letting himself rise into the clouds, using them for cover as he peered down at the humans. They looked harmless enough, save for the few men who rode with swords, but none of them looked like they were trouble. Atem snarled at the glint of armor in the sunlight, the sound dying in his throat as he caught a familiar scent. He hesitated for a moment before ducking below the cloud line, red eyes easily picking out the one human in the group that had attracted his attention. He would have recognized that white hair anywhere. Kisara was with this group of humans, which meant that she was still with her human. At least, he hoped she was.

Part of him longed to swoop down and greet her, but he restrained himself, forcing himself to turn around and head for the old castle, flying above the line of people. He absently searched for the king as he flew, while his mind remained on Kisara. There was another one who would fight for them without question, but there was also danger in that. She could get killed in the battle or killed if they lost, and the king had seen her desertion. Atem would never let that happen to his childhood friend. He snarled, sending a glare in Mahad's direction. If only the knight wasn't so hard-headed and allowed some sense to be talked into him, they could avoid most trouble! He shook his head, finding himself circling above the castle on a thermal. Sprawled out in the courtyard was his father, still chained to the ground.

Atem gained more altitude, bringing himself into a hover as he looked down. He wanted to dive down there and free his father, tear the chains from the ground and set the stones of that human place of torture on fire. Atem pulled out of the hover, turning so he could easily go into a dive, easily plunging a few feet. Before he got far, the image of Yugi's face flashed in his mind. It was all too easy to hear Yugi begging him to wait, wait for a more opportune time. Atem gave an aggravated growl before pulling up, hissing at the pain in his muscles as he stopped his free fall. The black and red dragon quickly turned around, heading back for his group, flying as fast as he could. He kept his eyes narrowed, the temptation to turn back around increasing. But, if he didn't go back, then the one person he cared about would be thrown into danger.

He spotted the little group, not bothering to check his speed as he came low to the ground, ending up running until he ran out of momentum near the back of the group. Atem glared at the humans, turning so he was standing in front of them and not allowing them to move on. Mahad looked up at him, obviously impatient for his report. Atem shook his head, his words coming out as more of a growl. "They are moving, but the king stayed behind with my…the dragon."

"Then he means to move the dragon later. So we'll catch him late at night, when the dragon is still being transported."

"No, you will wait!" Atem lowered his head, snapping at Mahad's horse, causing the animal to shy away. The knight quickly calmed his animal. Atem saw the knight's sword come out of the scabbard, watching the sunlight dance along the sharp edge. And he found that he didn't care. This was stupid and he would not allow it to happen. He crouched close to the ground, blocking their path. Mahad raised his sword, the action earning a snarl from Atem. "I will not let you pass."

"You have no choice, dragon." Mahad charged forward, Atem moving his head out of the way at the last minute. The sword's point raked across his chest, making him roar in pain. Mahad kept galloping on, turning his steed a short distance and staring at the blood that was on his blade. Atem shook his head, turning to stare at Mahad. The two remained in a staring contest until Atem was distracted as Ryou nudged Thoth after Mahad, Bakura following after with an almost apologetic shrug at the dragon. Only Yugi remained behind, torn between trusting Atem and going with Mahad. Atem pleaded with is eyes, not wanting to beg aloud. The prince's usually bright eyes darkened, Yugi's mouth opening to speak. But the knight quickly cut him off. "Yugi!"

The prince shook his head, reached out to touch the dragon, looking relieved that he did not pull away. He couldn't bring himself to pull away from Yugi, some part of his mind torturing him with the fact that this might be the last time they were together. Atem blinked quickly, banishing the thought with the motion. He would make sure that nothing ever happened to Yugi, he would try his best to prevent it. He wanted to preserve this one human who saw him as something other than a monster. Yugi gave him a sympathetic smile, the expression showing that Atem had lost his argument with the knight, Yugi would follow the one he owed loyalty to, and Atem was powerless to stop him for now. He relaxed as Yugi whispered, "I'll talk to you tonight, I promise."

Yugi urged his horse forward, trailing his hand across Atem's chest before bringing it to rest on his saddle. Atem resolutely clamped down on a whimper, leaning after the contact. He was not willing to show such weakness in front of the knight, but he craved the touch of this one human. It was too easy to forget the rest of the world and his own troubles when Yugi was there, the calm haven in the midst of the storm. Atem grumbled and jumped into the air, a snarl of pain escaping before he clamped down on the sound, shoulders trembling as they protested the rough treatment. He rode a thermal, circling so he could pinpoint the village that they were heading to before turning toward the forest to hunt for himself.

Gozaburo glanced up at the sinking sun before motioning for Lector to follow, cursing as his horse jigged nervously in the presence of the dragon. He looked up at the black monstrosity, wondering what was so frightening about the creature. The dragon was mostly flesh and bones, what fat and muscle that it had once possessed gone, along with the sheen to its scales. Now they were just a dull grey, having faded from nonstop direct sunlight. The proud attitude of the dragon had been damaged by the death of its witch friend and broken completely when it realized that no one was going to save it. The dying screams of its own kind had dulled the brown eyes and cowed the dragon, making it nothing more than a large dog. There was nothing to suggest that the dragon had ever been wild.

The creature walked calmly on the end of the leash, like the tame pet it had become. Lector held the chain that went up to the metal collar around the dragon's neck. The knight scrambled up onto his horse, quickly catching up to his kin. Gozaburo glanced once more at the dragon before looking toward his new castle. "No attempts at flying."

The dragon looked calmly down at him, a shrug making the chains that it still wore rattle. "What is the point of that? I have counted the screams, there is no one left here."

Gozaburo chuckled and nodded, a swift glare thrown to Lector to keep the knight quiet. The dragon would know of the situation with his own kind; the thought that it was the only one left kept it silent, and Gozaburo was happy with that. The three of them left through the gate, the dragon having to crawl through the small arch, growling at it scraped scales off. With little other trouble, the three set off in the direction of the white castle, following the trail that the nobles and wagons had taken earlier in the day.

While they traveled, Gozaburo let his mind turn to what one of the nobles had said before their group had departed, probably hoping to gain favor with the king. The noble spoke of another dragon slayer, one by a knight who refused to acknowledge Gozaburo as king, which could only mean that it was Mahad. The knight must have returned, but there was no sign of Yugi. Two ideas sprung immediately to mind, that Mahad had abandoned the small prince or Yugi had died, neither which seemed likely. Mahad would have never left Yugi behind, since the small prince was the focus of all his hopes for the kingdom. And Mahad never would have returned if Yugi had died. Fortunately, Yugi was a mere annoyance in the scheme of things. The peasants didn't see him as their king and everyone was convinced that the stress would kill him.

He looked over as the chains on the dragon rattled. The creature was staring up at the sky, a little bit more life in its brown eyes. Lector jerked on the chains, forcing the dragon's attention back to him. "What's so important, beast?"

Gozaburo didn't expect the knowing nod from the dragon and what looked like the start of a smile. The king shifted in worry over the expression before easily shoving the worry aside. There were ways to control this dragon. The beast was like the population, easily forced into silence. "It doesn't matter."

"No, it doesn't." The dragon rumbled out its reply, the chain clattering as it settled into an easy walk.

Gozaburo's suspicions were roused again, the king deciding to bring the dragon back to it's silent state. He didn't like the way it was acting now. He tapped his saddle for a moment before looking over at Lector. "What color is that one dragon that's left? The one that's been giving all our knights the trouble?"

Lector shivered; probably remembering his own experience with the dragon that had become the bane of all the knights. The king glanced up at the dragon as he waited impatiently for the answer, watching as the dragon turned, suddenly paying more attention to the two humans. Finally, the knight collected himself. "Oh, the man-eater. It is black, but some say its red too. I think that's just because of all the blood. It looks like this one too but," Lector shuddered, "those red eyes are enough to drive you crazy."

The dragon gave a quiet gasp, quickly looking away from the two humans. Gozaburo smirked, they had gotten it. He leaned back a bit, stretching one arm out as he purposely used an innocent tone. "Well, there was a dragon that was dragged into a village yesterday. Dead, thankfully. It was black."

"Gods be praised." Lector muttered the phrase was Gozaburo watched the dragon, disappointed that he couldn't shout his victory to the sky. The dragon had broken again, the once bouncing stride becoming a shuffle against as it lowered its head, lower jaw nearly brushing against the ground. The king turned his attention back to their destination, calculating that they should arrive there sometime after midnight. Both Gozaburo and Lector were too busy in their own thoughts to hear the dragon mutter to itself. "Atem."

Mahad smiled at the fire, watching the villagers. He was relaxed for the first time since he had met the dragon. He leaned back to look at the stars that were coming out in the early evening. The smile widened on his face as he recognized the calm that had taken over him as the usual emotion he felt before a battle. While others panicked or sat solemnly around, Mahad was able to stay calm.

The sound of moans drew his attention to the poet and the thief, wincing as he watched them before turning his gaze away. He caught a glimpse of Bakura as the thief pulled his lover up and moved them to a more private location, not understanding the attraction between the two men…or any two men. Mahad shook his head and stared at Yugi, finding the prince sitting close by and drawing something on the ground with a stick. He was about to attempt to see what Yugi was drawing when the village girls took the cue from Bakura, pulling their chosen men from the ground and urging them away into the shadows of the shacks. Mahad sighed and let his eyes almost fall closed.

It was good to have found a place that was not quivering in fear because of Gozaburo, at least not visibly. And it was good that he had found a place away from the dragon.

He looked up as a pretty brunette girl hesitantly reached out to take Yugi's hand, her face showing revulsion for a second before it was replaced by a smile, the change too fast for Mahad to comprehend what was going on. The prince sat quietly on the spot, looking almost frantically between the dark plains surrounding the village and Mahad, like he was begging the knight to give him a reason to stay. The knight waved him on. "I'll get everything ready and retrieve you when it's time to go. Enjoy yourself Yugi, you deserve it."

"But…" Yugi looked very flustered as the girl knelt, still holding his hand, while her other ran over his shoulder. Mahad chuckled at the blush that spread across Yugi's cheeks as the girl whispered something to him. The prince gave a small yelp and shifted closer to the knight, whispering urgently. "I promised Atem that I would talk to him tonight."

"Another night with the dragon?" Mahad made sure his tone was suggestive; he wanted to make sure that he got his point across to the prince. Yugi blushed deeper, but there was anger in his eyes.

"It's not like that." Yugi rocked back, allowing the girl to lead him away in his moment of no resistance, a hurt expression on his face. Mahad shrugged and pretended not to care. He knew that Yugi knew better than to fraternize with the dragon. It was bad enough with the reputation that these superstitious people had given him and his small size, there was not need to add that idea to the list. Yugi had to start getting rid of these preconceived notions on his own if they were to succeed in helping the people as Yugi insisted.

Mahad sighed and pushed off the ground, walking over to where their horses were picketed, patting his own horse before checking over the animals. An annoyed snort from the thief's mule brought his attention out of planning for their assault on the castle. The knight looked up, surprised to see the dragon walking calmly over. Mahad stood up straight and leaned against his horse, watching as the dragon came to a confused stop, looking at the knight before glancing over at the village. A confused rumble came from the dragon, the sound making Yugi's palomino horse start and Thoth give the dragon a loud snort and a glare before the mule returned to his grazing. The dragon seemed to snap out of its daze at the sound, glancing down at the knight with confused and worried red eyes. "Where's Yugi?"

"Among his people, where he belongs." Mahad absently checked a strap on his saddle, pausing at the soft whimper. He looked up at the dragon, because it had to have been the beast that made the sound. He started at the hurt and betrayed look in the crimson eyes before following its gaze, smirking at the sight of Yugi and the village girl locked in a passionate kiss. Mahad chuckled, retying his pack onto the cantle of his saddle before moving over to repeat the process on Yugi's horse. He heard another whimper from the dragon, this one dragged out into a whine, the creature moving forward a step.

The knight looked up, prepared to stop the dragon from interfering, but the dragon hadn't move since the initial step. It had its shoulders hunched, wings pressed close to its back. And it was staring after Yugi in longing, an expression that Mahad recognized from his younger years. He had often seen it on the faces of his friends when they had passed through the horse markets or a pretty girl had strolled past, oblivious to the boys who were watching her. Mahad glared at the dragon, feeling no sympathy for the creature. Yugi was theirs; he did not belong with this dragon, no matter what the creature thought. The dragon winced at his gaze before slipping away into the night, still staring after Yugi.

Mahad growled to himself and pulled one of the straps, probably putting a bit more force that necessary. The dragon had no right to look at Yugi like that. The prince wasn't its property, nor was he at the beck and call of the dragon. Yugi had felt sorry for the creature once and saved its life. It was the dragon who owed Yugi everything and not the other way around. Mahad let one hand fall to the hilt of his sword, peering out in the darkness as he tried to spot the dragon. If the creature came back, the knight wouldn't hesitate in killing it. Never mind that it would ruin all the plans for their attack on the castle until now, Yugi's safety was more important. Yugi deserved this one chance to just be human instead of running and hiding from the rest of the world. Tonight, Yugi's whole world was going to change. He deserved this one freedom.

Yugi's horse nudged Mahad's side, obviously looking for a treat. The knight smiled and stroked the palomino before turning back to his work. He glanced up at the sky, smiling as he spotted the constellation of the hunter, tracing through the stars until the saw the dragon constellation, his smile disappearing. How were the two able to coexist up there? Shouldn't the dragon have been wiped from the stars if the hunter was doing his job? Mahad shook the thoughts out of his head, patting the horse's shoulder before moving onto the mule, glaring down the creature so it wouldn't attempt to kick him. Thoth gave the knight a sideways look before flicking his tail in an obvious dismissal. Mahad took that as permission to approach, quickly checking the animal over for any broken leather. He would let Bakura handle the actual check of their gear.

Was it supposed to hurt this much?

Atem stopped, rocking back so he could rest a hand over his heart, wincing at its steady beat. It shouldn't feel like that. It should feel like it was breaking. He let himself drop back to all fours, dragging himself further before finally allowing himself to collapse to the ground, not really wanting to walk any further. He bared his teeth against the whimper was threatened to escape, unable to defeat the sound.

This was foolishness. He shouldn't be feeling like this, it didn't make sense.

Yugi was just his friend, and that was all. That was all he would allow it to be. He couldn't do what Kisara had done and leave the world. He had a job. He was the Morningstar. It was his destiny to give his life up for his kind eventually. Atem shuddered at the thought, closing his eyes.

He didn't want to suffer as his father was. He didn't want to die for creatures that had no idea that he existed. Had no idea that he had once lived, breathed and felt. He wanted to live out his life, escape from the horrible cycle of fending off knights and living in agony for days afterward as he tried to calm himself down. He lived for the calm moments with Yugi, when he really felt like he could survive.

The bile rose in his throat, Atem pressing harder against the ground in an attempt to keep the contents of his stomach in place. He needed all the food he had consumed to even think about making it through the winter. But he couldn't get the image of Yugi and that girl out of his head. He didn't know why it affected him so much. He shouldn't feel this way.

But that girl had her hands over his friend, his companion. His love.

Atem's eyes snapped open at the thought, groaning as his body shook in misery. This had all gone wrong so fast. Yugi was a human prince, who obviously didn't care much for the dragon. Yugi had said it himself. Atem fascinated him. Yugi didn't want more out of the relationship.

"Kisara, what have you let me do?" Atem snarled out the words, flipping over to his back and clutching at his stomach as it rolled again. He winced, curling around himself with a moan. He couldn't think straight, his stomach and heart hurt so much. The dragon clawed at the ground, managing to flip himself over with a sigh, wincing at the next bout of pain.

This shouldn't be happening.

He closed his eyes again, flinching at each lance of pain that went through his sides. He tried not to panic, knowing that it would make everything worse. He had to calm down and think rationally for a moment. Atem let his eyes open partially, breathing heavily as he fought to control the panic that was rising in him.

This was the worst he had ever felt. Instinct was telling him to find a way to get rid of the pain, to claw and dig at the source until it disappeared. Atem growled; he didn't fell like disemboweling himself at the moment. Instead, he dug his claws into the ground, gritting his teeth against the pain and breathing heavily. He could sit this out, wait for whatever was causing his stomach to react to calm down. Atem's eyes shot open with the next round of pain, a whine escaping from him.

The only good thing about this was that it had driven all thoughts of Yugi and the girl far from his mind.

Atem whimpered, letting his eyes close again as the next round of pain came through. But what he really wanted right now was Yugi. He wanted the prince to help him through this, because he couldn't handle it on his own.

Yugi hopped on one foot, biting his lip to keep from making a sound as he nearly fell. He succeeded in pulling his pants back on, grabbing his shirt before fleeing the house, leaving the girl to sleep. Part of him scolded that he should have stayed with her, it was the least he could do. But, for the first time in his life, he didn't listen to what his mind was telling him. He just had to get out of there.

The girl had been nice, but there had been no talking between them, Yugi just lost in his own haze of pleasure. Which was one of the reasons he was leaving early. He hadn't wanted to have sex with the girl in the first place, just letting her do what she wanted because he was too angry at Mahad.

How dare the knight speak to him in that manner? Just because he preferred the intelligent company of Atem over sex didn't say anything about him. Did it?

Yugi shook his head, running and pulling on his shirt at the same time. He stuck to the shadows, trying to keep out of Mahad's line of sight. He didn't want to be sent back to that girl and have to face her after running away. It's not that he didn't like her. It was just that he'd rather get to know a person before bedding them.

He groaned and hit himself on the forehead, realizing that he had done exactly that. He had basically let the girl be an outlet for his frustrations. He had seen her flinch a couple of times, noticed that she was very bruised, but this was all coming after the fact. He should had noticed it first and stopped before it had gone too far. Yugi stumbled to a stop, leaning against a nearby post, burying his head into his hands. He needed to talk to Atem to get his sanity back, just to hear the other's opinion of the events.

Because Yugi was sure that he had just messed everything up.

The prince pushed away from the post, walking glumly to the edge of the village. Atem would be somewhere outside the village, waiting for Yugi to keep his appointment. The dragon would find Yugi as soon as the prince stepped away from the village. He smiled at the thought of the dragon, his one true friend beyond his cousin. The thought was nearly enough to make him trip over Bakura and Ryou, the two sleeping tangled together.

Yugi stepped around them, staring at the two males for a moment before walking out of the village, blushing lightly and shaking his head. He wasn't sure why Mahad looked at them like he was disgusted with their very existence. They were happy with each other. Wasn't that what everyone was searching for, the one they really loved? Why should it matter if they were the same gender? Yugi shrugged at the thought, hoping that the motion would make the unease go away.

It was what he wanted anyway. He wanted to find the one person who would always stand by him no matter what. Yugi sighed, ducking his head so his blonde bangs hung in front of his eyes, noticing that he was walking past the dead fire from earlier in the evening. He began to walk faster, breaking out into a run as the pressure became too much. He had to talk to Atem quickly.

He had jogged out into the open, slowing when he realized that the dragon wasn't materializing out of the darkness. Yugi stopped and turned in a slow circle, worry beginning to invade his mind. Had Mahad done something to the dragon while he was gone? But the knight knew that their best chance to take back the kingdom would be with the dragon. So where was Atem? Yugi closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around himself, suddenly feeling alone.

Then he heard it, sounding like it came from close by. The soft sound of a whimper.

Yugi began to jog toward the sound, straining to see through the darkness. He nearly tripped over the tail on the ground. The prince broke into a smile and caught himself before he could fall, dodging around the rest of the tail toward Atem's head. "Atem!"

The smile on his face vanished as Atem didn't respond immediately, lying still for a moment before opening one eye slowly. Yugi looked at the eye in shock, not liking the haze that covered it. He walked forward, eyes sweeping over the dragon for any sign of injury. Yugi reached out to touch Atem, eyes falling on the dragon's sides, watching them rise and fall faster than normal. His hand brushed over Atem's scales, Yugi leaned against the dragon and pressing his body against him as he ran his hands over Atem's neck and cheek. The dragon shifted, looking at Yugi with a forced smile on his face. "Yugi."

"What's wrong, Atem? What happened to you?"

The dragon shook his head, encouraging Yugi to rub the spot above his eye. The prince complied, listening to the long sigh that the motion drew out of the dragon. Atem leaned into the touch, eye fluttering shut again. "I'm fine, Yugi. Just fine."

Yugi jumped backwards as Atem whimpered out the last word, his whole body shuddering. The price saw Atem bare his teeth, claws digging into the ground before he finally went limp, breathing coming in quick pants. Yugi ran back to Atem's side, pulling the dragon's head close to him and running his hands over Atem, holding the dragon close. "No you're not. What's wrong?"

"Stomach hurts."

"How long?"

"Since you went off with the girl." Atem gasped, pressing close to Yugi as he trembled again. "It's not as bad now."

Yugi glanced up at the sky, quickly calculating how long it had been. It was past midnight now, a long time since he had allowed himself to be led away. And Atem had admitted that it had been worse earlier. Yugi shook his head, pressing his forehead against the warm skin of the dragon. "I'm sorry." He muttered, hearing the confused grunt of the dragon. "I should have been here."

Atem lifted his head a bit so he could look Yugi in the eyes. He blinked slowly before nudging Yugi backwards, lifting a wing to cover both Yugi and his head. The prince smiled at the gesture, hugging Atem's muzzle while he felt tears leak out of his eyes. "I thought you were dying."

"No. I'm just…not alright." Atem hesitated, glancing as his side before looking back at Yugi. "I didn't expect something like this for hundreds of years. Some older dragons suffer from this, but never younger ones."

"We've broken you." Yugi clung to Atem's head, hugging the dragon with all his strength.

"Yugi…"

"We broke you." Yugi felt tears begin to fall from his eyes, but he didn't want to reach up and wipe them away. It was his fault that Atem was like this. If he had been stronger in the beginning, the dragon could have been safe, living a life that he deserved. Instead, Yugi had been weak and ran away from the problem. And Atem was paying the price. Yugi shook his head when he felt Atem shift, the dragon getting ready to speak. "You wouldn't have this if…"

"Yugi." The name was slightly muffled with the hold that Yugi had on him. The prince reluctantly let go, sitting on the ground. Atem raised his head, resting it lightly on Yugi's lap so the human could still pet him. Yugi cuddled Atem close, not wanting to let the dragon go, partially afraid that he would disappear. Atem gave a soft trill, the sound so different from his usual deep voice that Yugi looked up to meet his eyes. "Yugi, we can't change the past. I'm fine now. I promise you."

"But-"

"No. I am fine, Yugi. Just think on that." Yugi nodded reluctantly, resting his forehead against the dragon again. Atem gave a small nod, enough to jostle Yugi. "Now, what did you want to talk to me about?"

Reluctantly, Yugi allowed himself to be dragged away from the topic of Atem's health and onto his reason for panicking. He watched his fingers as they traced around the scales on the dragon's head, preferring to stay in silence a little longer. Atem let him, shifting until he was in a more comfortable position, one that allowed him more contact with the human. Yugi smiled at the gesture, reaching behind with one hand to pat the dragon's side before his smile disappeared. "I think I did something horrible."

Atem tipped his head to the side, one of his horns brushing against Yugi's shoulder. "The girl?"

"Yes. I was mad at Mahad for…" Yugi found that he couldn't say the reason, blushing instead before looking away from Atem. "It doesn't matter. But I used her to prove that what Mahad thought was wrong. And she was hurt, I saw that but I still didn't stop. I was just…"

He pushed his hands through his hair, Atem lifting his head from Yugi's lap to look at the boy. Yugi shook his head, lowering his hands so that he could stare at his fingers. "I don't know, but I feel like I took advantage of her. I don't even know her name! And I still did that. I thought…I thought that I was better than that, better than most of the other nobles. But, I'm not in the end."

Atem lowered his head again, pushing his muzzle into Yugi's stomach with a soft trill. Yugi looked back down at the sound, finding himself under the scrutiny of a crimson eye, the expression stern. "You are better than most of those nobles and this proves it. Do you think that any of them ever worry this much after the fact? Yes, you made a mistake, but you want to fix it."

"Can I fix it?"

The dragon shrugged, looking slightly uncomfortable. "I'm not familiar with human courtship. I can only guess."

"It's probably too late then."

"Probably." Yugi smiled as Atem agreed with him, relaxing from his panic of before. Of course the dragon understood, Atem would always understand him. Yugi cuddled Atem's head close to his chest with a happy sigh. As simple as that, the problem was solved, at least partially. They would work out something together and, tomorrow, Yugi would speak to the girl and apologize for his behavior. The prince sighed, letting his eyes fall shut, cocooned in warmth from the dragon.

It seemed that he had just closed his eyes when he felt the comfortable weight on his lap being removed, Yugi opening his eyes as Atem moved his wing. The prince sat up, blinking at Mahad as the knight glared at him. He turned away from the glare, standing up and using Atem to help keep his balance, absently stroking the dragon's muzzle as Atem turned to look at him. The sound of Mahad clearing his throat, alerted Yugi to how the knight saw the interaction between the two. Yugi glanced up, pointedly keeping his hand on Atem.

"It's time." Mahad delivered the message before storming back to the horses. Yugi sighed, getting ready to stand when Atem pushed him back down. Yugi shoved the dragon's head away, standing up and turning to face Atem. He offered the dragon a smile, surprised when Atem whimpered and pressed his head against Yugi.

"Are you okay?" Yugi glanced over at Atem's side, remembering what had drawn the sound out of the dragon before. Atem shook his head, the motion moving Yugi as the dragon got to his feet.

"Don't go, please."

"Atem…"

"Please. It might kill us all."

"That's why you'll be there, to protect me." Yugi offered Atem a smile, the expression fading when the dragon refused to meet his gaze. The prince sighed, shifting so he could look into the dragon's eyes. "If we do this, then you can go back to life as it was meant to be, and I can help all these people who are struggling. Please, just let me do that. It's my duty. His might upholds the weak, remember."

Atem flinched at the reminder before reluctantly nodding. Yugi gave him a last pat before jogging after Mahad, heading for the waiting horses.

*hides in bomb shelter to keep fellow Puzzleshippers from finding her* 

Read and review please. Criticism, as always, is appreciated.