Sasha's Reward

She lay motionless in her bed. The sounds of struggle from her lover got her more and more aroused. His choked and interrupted panting, the occasional whimper, the measured breathing. He frequently called her name in a tremulous whisper. "Sasha...  Uhngh!  Sasha!"

How she loved every aspect of his struggle. It was all she could do to refrain from breathing hard and bucking her hips. She remained as still as she could, her hands above her head. She gripped the headboard.

Sasha knew that Ned frequently gazed at her exposed chest and underarms. Ned wanted to lick and kiss her smooth shaven armpits, but knew better. The last time he had done that during his training, he earned a painful ball whipping from his inability to control himself when she became lively.

Sasha's glossy lips were visible to Ned in the low light. She parted them slightly. "Ned," she quietly whispered, "you've been inside me for thirty minutes. You may ejaculate." She kept her lips parted, and slightly puckered.

Ned took long complete thrusts, slowly at first, then more forceful.  When he felt the first spurt eject from his aroused and frustrated member, he exclaimed incoherently and thrashed about as if in convulsions.

She smiled throughout his wild ejaculation.

"Stay inside me," she directed.

Although he had just ejaculated, it was easy for Ned to stay erect inside Sasha.  The training he was receiving had its system of rewards and punishments.

He pumped slowly, and savored the feel of her sweet pussy tenderly grasping his member. Her soft moans helped to keep him aroused.

When Sasha was convinced that Ned's arousal would keep him hard, she arched her back slightly and whispered, "Ned - lick my pits." That was all the encouragement her needed, and he applied his mouth to the task. Gently at first, then aggressively, he fervently kissed Sasha's underarms and swiped his tongue all around them.

"Oh my GOSH! That feels good!" Sasha exclaimed as she twisted and bucked her hips. "Keep going!"

Her liveliness stimulated Ned all the more, and since he had fought valiantly to keep from ejaculating for the first half hour, his cock craved more satisfaction. Sasha's spirited wiggling brought him closer and closer, and finally over the edge. She loved his enthusiastic lovemaking, and when he calmed down, whispered, "Ned - fuck me some more! Fuck me hard! I want more of your cum!"

Sasha arched her back and thrust her breasts toward him. She softly moaned when he kissed and licked her nipples. Ned's cock stayed erect under her stimulating manner and his earlier lengthy denial of pleasure, and he resumed pumping her already well spermed pussy.

She contracted her inner muscles and made her slippery insides tighter. Ned pumped hard, and the bed shook constantly. Although he was feverishly aroused, she knew he would last a while due to his recent ejaculations.

Sasha, meanwhile, enjoyed the prolonged intercourse and the constant in-and-out slithering of his rather large cock. The constant stimulation aroused her entire midsection and a thin sheen of sweat covered her body. Her eyes became excited and she began to move under him with each thrust.

Her insides got more aroused as Ned continued to pump. She encouraged him to keep going, and realized she was approaching a vaginal orgasm.

"Stay inside me, Ned! Hang on! Aaaaaahhh!" Her convulsive orgasm was deliriously intense, and Ned, though he was on top of her, had to struggle to stay inside her.

Ned's ejaculation, while consisting of only a few dribbles, was the most intense one of the night, and took hold as Sasha's pussy went through its forceful contractions. After their spirited panting became more normal breathing, they relaxed and Ned's member slipped out.

Sasha smiled at him. "Okay, Ned. Clean me."

He got down between the legs of this amazing woman who coaxed three ejaculations from him in the past hour. Sasha's pussy emanated a combination of several scents - raw sex, aroused feminine pussy, sweat, and sperm.

She squirmed as his tongue swiped the insides of her thighs, her brunette pussy, and then her well used entrance. "Gmmmff!" he swallowed. Sasha moaned.

She assisted by contracting and releasing her inner muscles, and Ned fervently kissed, licked and sucked on her opening. "Oh yes! Yes! Aaaaaungh!" She twisted and bucked while Ned held on to her hips. He kept extracting and swallowing their juices of pleasure, and he saw her through two more orgasms.

He kissed her navel, her breasts, and her lips. Front to front, they cuddled, and drifted to sleep. Hours later, Ned groggily awoke to the feeling of Sasha's slender feminine fingers grasping his turgid cock and guiding it inside her pussy.


-----
This story is copyright 2010 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
