Chapter 8

Police and company officials once docked at the old Yokosuka naval base met David. The rapes had played out on the news and people were up in arms at actions by a few sailors. The company was in deep trouble with the Emperor and the people. No new ships had been allowed into the Islands waters since the port had been closed and two men arrested there.

The total count of seventeen rapes had been committed and DNA samples were taken for each case. So the key to the ID of the man was in police hands. 

All the men bowed deeply to David. He returned it, but not as deep. Yes may I be of help?

Admiral we have found six of the men so far responsible for the rapes on your island. The testing is going on to find the rest.

I understand your problem, but I am not here due to that and have my own mission to handle. So there is little I can do for you except act as a prison if needed.

But youre over the entire Navy yes?

That is true, but I dont run the ports and the harbor areas. That is handled completely by General Carlton Rider. Security and Island protection is by General Zane. Once your outside of our ports on the sea your under my people. We do not step into each others business, as we each have our own problems.

You could see the disappointment on the faces. They had been sure they could cut some deal with David and be done with this. So sorry to have bothered you Admiral. The men left the bridge and now the captain was laughing.

Boss you sure made that group unhappy. But I did notice you never used Johns name. Why not as he made the decision?

They never used the Emperor and this visit never happened as far as they are concerned. It was an expected back room deal, like they used to get by with when business was running the country.

You seem to know about these people? I was never here because my area was the Atlantic.

I spent five years here on and off and know them well. Not nearly as well as John does. But they are an interesting people with a lot of side issues. Here is very much like the US 100 years ago in how people have status.

That would help him once they had people on board from Japan. I will add that to my knowledge base for later. But I really need more data to run this ship with a mixed crew.

Sit and talk with Dink, Ralph. She is a real expert and will be over all security on your ship. Dink is a Lt. JG so be sure others treat her with respect. The girl will also be serving me as aide, we go back a long way.

The message was loud and clear Dink was someone not to piss off. Will do boss and she will be treated right by our people. Where did she get the name Dink?

As small as she is her dad called her dinky duck for years and it was shortened to Dink. She has no problem with it so using that is fine for friends. The last guy that decided to have sex with her by force had his knee taken out. Then John had him castrated. There is not a man on this ship she cant whip and with ease.

I get the message boss and she will have zero problems from our personnel.

David left the bridge and went to Dinks office. Hey you look good in that uniform and I approve.

I have been getting some flack over it from the crew.

Just took care of that I think. But anyone who would like to take it personal can go to the fight training area. There you may whip their asses. That is no matter their rank.

Dink smiled at this and knew he meant it. That will be the last resort. But the training and testing can also be watched. I am sure word will get out they dont want to piss me off. I have training rounds coming up with the Marine guard later today. None have had Danas course in fighting.

David left and went to his cabin to check his interviewing schedules. The bank had done an outstanding job and the interviewers would be busy for the next eight days. 

He ordered food and sat back to think things through. 

Carlton during this time was checking every shoreline for hiding places for small boats coming from the other dimension. They found several lava tubes that had a good number of boats in them. These were sent back to the warehouse for identification. All in all they found over one hundred small boats. Each tube had been destroyed and now these places were not available for this act. 

Slowly troops were closing up holes here one at a time. They now had buoys out to advise of any humans approaching shorelines. These also advised of the reef just beyond them. Now troops would be waiting for people they knew were coming ashore.

It was a good period for John. He had fifty families delivered to his aircraft in Tokyo and flew them to the islands. The A 380 aircraft had lots of room for the families on it. By using the flight time they accomplished the processing. It did not take long to get them documented, records were in place and they did the scans and DNA tests. It was just fifteen minutes for each person. With ten stations they handled the group of 253 people and children fast. Everyone had an ID card when they got off the plane.

Each family was delivered to their homes and given instructions and maps for work locations. The homes had the needed basics and food was supplied to start. Because they accepted the new jobs they were given one thousand new credits as a bonus. This gave them a bank account to start with. Then each week their salary would be deposited. Not one had been employed when hired, as they were considered outsiders in Japan, as they had come from the US. Each one was glad to get here and knew they would be accepted by these people. They were far more like this group of people than their brothers in Japan.

In all most of the projects were on track and coming along the right way. Planning had been done well and bases that needed covered were. The plan was headed the right direction.

David was headed down to watch the training for the security crew. He had a couple of cocky officers with him, as he wanted to embarrass them today. They knew nothing about Dink except she had his ear. He had a seat just above the ring and close to the edge of the ropes. It was not ten feet between this balcony and the start of the ring.

The early was truly instruction and then a few felt bold enough to try a fight. Those were stopped quickly and finally Dink offered any two a chance to try it. She broke no bones or did any long term damage. But the troops were getting the idea.

One loud mouth started bad mouthing Dink and she had enough. OK buddy if youre so good I would be happy to put you in sick bay fast. So you make your mind up if that is what you want? If not get out of here.

The man jumped into the ring and started moving after Dink. She kicked him in the balls and he doubled over. Finally he came up charging and got laid out on the mat face down. He jumped up and went after her once more and she took his leg out.  Now he was screaming in pain when five more men jumped into the ring. 

It was automatic for David to jump in behind them. He and Dink took them out in no time at all. 

Thanks for the help boss. I sure did not expect that to happen.

The man you sent to the sick bay, was the commander for the ones who came after you. We now have six less pilots. So I did not expect it either. But I am going to have their blood checked as I think alcohol had something to do with this?

Security took all the men to the sick bay and they all had blood taken. They all had been out drinking and brought back a lot of sake which was not allowed on the ship. It was a rice wine that was very deceptive in how it attacks your thinking. These men would have one large hangover to survive as well.

David climbed back to his seat and smiled at the men with him. Where is the hell did you learn to fight like that?

Really I used to think I was good as a Seal. But Dink taught me just how wrong I was. She has made me twice as good with less energy expended. She could most likely handle the five, but I was pissed off.

You were a Seal? These men were now impressed.

Yes I had a team that went into all kinds of places we were not supposed to be. But General Rider was a green beanie and ran Delta Force. General Zane was his replacement later on and has the same kind of experience, as he ran all Special Forces personnel.

Why all the Special Forces people?

John said we are not going to fight major wars any more. Others may but not Shangri-La. So having a few good people who can go in and calm things down if required makes sense. A military has two reasons to exist. One is to defend your land and country from aggression. Second is to fight wars you start. We are not going to fight anyone for their land, so we dont need a big military. As a country we are far to small to support a large military.

But I see John investing in technology.

That he is and it cuts down the number of people needed to defend our islands. He just brought in 50 more families from Japan who were born and educated in the USA. They were offered a chance to use their abilities in Japan and then were turned away by the people. Slowly we will get many of those people moved to our islands.

Why would they not use their knowledge and skills?

It is a Japanese thing if your not born there and then educated there youre an outsider. Now you two have work to do and had better get to it.

Yes sir. They were off like a shot now. But there was a new respect for the leadership of the islands and for Dink.

David went to his cabin and watched the interviews on closed circuit TV. Many were quickly rejected as they were just looking for money and a job. Moving their families was not something they wanted. 

There was a small group that fit into the plan nicely. All spoke reasonable english and were competent ships crew or soldiers. Those who would serve as soldiers were sent to check their fighting skills. Dink had people waiting to assure they could learn the new ways. Each trainer was female it was critical that these men could handle that.

Over the eight days David picked up fifteen thousand men. With families that would add right at fifty thousand to the islands people. He had two thousand in ships crews and the other thirteen thousand were soldiers for land fighting. These would be broken down in to companies of 100 men. Then 20 companies would become an army. 

David had been able to buy rifles small arms and ammunition while in Tokyo. So he was not unarmed for these troops. He had uniforms winter or summer, packs, canteens and good boots for everyone with spares for emergencies. Purchasing had bought good heavy coats just incase they were needed. Mortars, machine guns and small field guns were also purchased for field fighting. Far more ammunition that should be needed was also obtained.

Buying this and paying in gold coins obtained good quality quickly. The government was happy to get gold for the extra arms and ammunition sold. They had some newer ideas they wanted to use for homeland defense now. So moving their existing weapons would allow them to upgrade their home defenses.

David had found in the old base six Landing Craft Air Cushion, they were sitting parked on the shore. They would be great for landing troops, food, water and equipment. He had the engineers build a lifting platform for these on the side of the carrier. They would come onto the platform and be lifted to a hanger deck for storage, fueling or service. With the fuel the islands had they could be used later for ferries between islands. Anything flying over water at forty knots was worth having.

These units were the ETF 40-B engine units and carry 60-75 tons depending on water action and air temperature. There were extra skirts and engines as well as many other parts. All of this was loaded on the carrier. These six units would save many lives David was sure. He had landed on one of these several times and knew just how safe troops were going in. Their main draw back was the need for 1,000 gallons and hour of jet fuel. They did have capacity for 5,000 gallons of jet fuel.

But David knew he would help the force for landings and make it safer to deliver food, fuel and ammunition. Taking any wounded off the battlefield as needed for medical help. With automated machine guns on them and larger caliber field guns they would not be easy targets. 

He had a team of his officers now scouting the old base for any possible usable parts and weapons. There were many parts he could use stored in warehouses and much ammunition for his aircraft. The trip was worth it just for these gains. He left food found and pointed it out to locals so it would not go to waste. They in return started looking for things he might want and found many of these for him. The larger items they got officers and brought them to those things. Most had worked here and knew what would be of value to the large ship.

The last days of the interview were the best. People were ready to make the move and wanted out of Japan. Most had technical degrees and some were medical personnel. David took as many of the US born as possible. Any who were not taken were told to keep in touch with the bank.

That afternoon the ship was slowly towed from its berth. The cruisers had been waiting off shore for the finish of the interviews. They were kept there to protect the carrier and not be vulnerable to any attacks. No one knew how Japan would accept the news of ships being stopped from loading in the inlands? But people had been angry with the rapist and not with the islands.

David knew he had a lot to do when he got home. One carrier was going to be modified to allow the LCACs to enter the carrier from behind it. That meant he would take two carriers and have lots more space for weapons, people, food and fuel for each type use. With two carriers, one cruiser, one fuel tanker and the LCACs he would be able to do more with less ships. Now his battle plan started to form.

He called Carlton to advise what he had and needed. Look take one of the carriers and cut the back of the ship out. I want a landing ramp that my LCACs can run up to enter the ship and be refueled, stored or reloaded. It has to have room for at least 4 of these and I really would like all 6.

Carlton knew these and liked them also. Ill get the techs working on it now. With two huge ships like the carriers I am pleased, as they are not an easy target for wooden ships. David your going back in time with this, to well over five hundred years ago. Not just the people, but weapons, technology and the way things are ruled.

David had to think about this a second. You mean they are like at the point of Columbus was when he sailed for the Indies and got America?

You got that faster than I did David. Their ships are not large and nothing will be metal at all. They still use rocks for anchors.

I need to know as much as possible before I start building my final plan. We lucked out and got mostly ex US citizens. I am going to be adding about 50,000 to the population on the islands. Most are half Asian and half American on the children.

John is really pissed at Japan right now. They invited the US Japanese back and then turned their backs on them. He really chewed on the Emperors tail and I heard it. He had me and three who had returned to us as scientist and they heard it as well. The Emperor was ready to cry when John got done. I told him all you had recovered off the naval base and he was ecstatic. So I will pass on this report and your requests.

Now David had to adjust to fighting in a world of little technology and willing to lose thousands if needed to win. It was for sure a place where life meant little to those in power. He did wonder if they had gunpowder yet? It was not a major worry, but it would add problems for troops. If the weapons were as old fashion as they were in that period they had to be very close to have any effect. Of course ports would not be safe for large ships, so the LCACs would be the right tools. One question was did the enemy have cannons? 

As he went over the question Dink knocked at his door. Come in young lady and tell me what we have to fight with?

I think we will have very good disciplined troops boss. They are picking up the fighting method we use quickly. We have been discussing the other dimension and what little I know has been passed on.

I can give you a little more Dink. It is about the period of Columbuss discovery of America in technology. Now dont get the idea that means things will be easy. They for sure will not. In that period of time life meant nothing to those ruling the world.

I get your meaning sir. I have been reading the history of the Navies during that period. But I also understand you can be killed with an arrow as easy as a bullet. So we need to get them ready for some of this type fighting. Our choice is stay back a good distance and fire weapons. I think we need some of those very small planes with cameras on them, to look behind hills and other places not easy to see.

That was a good suggestion and David would use it. I agree Dink we do need them. But there just is not much we can plan for yet. Carlton and the General are pulling together a full picture of weapons, fighting abilities and what to expect. You can read it when I do so you know what to plan for security wise. Carlton is having one carrier modified to allow LCACs to enter it from the rear. All troops and security people will work off it. On that ship you will have control in my name. Ill be running air cover from here.

Now you might want to think about that boss. I still know little about ships.

But you do know about fighting and winning. That is going to be the main job of that ship and its people. Youre going to pick your own commanders and the officers for each company. They will be your people and reporting back to you on the ship. Security on the ship is also your job, as no one needs to come aboard and blow it up. Our officers would try to fight like its modern warfare and that is just not going to work. If I use them they will end up killing a lot of good troops. We dont need that and I will not allow it to happen.

Can I pick some good advisors once we are home and use them to give me ideas and suggestions?

Yes, but your to make the final decisions and take responsibility for them. That is the trade off for the people you want. Can you live with that?

Sure I can, but I am not looking for officers to advise me. I want noncoms whose ass has been on the line. They often know more than the officers they served with.

I dont know where you learned that, but it is fact. Back a few years ago I had two that saved my butt often. Who are you think about?

Sgt Grinder and Debbie and Hidekis brother Joji who was a Sgt in the US Army. He gives me the Asian side of the issue as well. He is one I just pushed through the process to be sure he got chosen. He had no family, so he would have been rejected. I think most of our battles will be with Asian people in that dimension. Hideki does not know his brother is even alive. He was raised by a woman working for his mother and not at home. The difference was he had a different father.

I like your choices and agree with them. It is nice you did what you did for Hideki and I am sure he will appreciate it. He really needs a brother now days.

Well boss I need to start planning how we are going to structure and who the officers are? She headed for her office to start the planning.

David called John. Boss I have something you need to prepare Hideki for. Dink found his brother who he has no idea is a brother. His mother farmed him out to a woman who worked for her to raise. They had two different fathers. So someone needs to prepare him for meeting this man. He is ex Army Rangers and will server as advisor to Dink on battle planning.

Are you sure you want Dink doing that?

I sure am boss as she will no go getting people killed because this is no modern war. Using a current officer is going to get a lot killed, because they just wont understand you cant fight there like you do here.

That did make some reasonable sense to John. OK I will trust your judgment and back that. Knowing her I assume she wants Bill Grinder and Debbie?

That she does and thinks they will jump on the chance.

I am sure she is right. Now your carrier is being modified now for bringing aboard the LCACs. That was a sweet pick up and one I am glad you grabbed. We have a tanker being armed and it is double hauled so little chance of damage. I did steal some older piston driven ground attack fighters from India. They are brand new, but old technology. We will have a lot of ammunition belts and refills for them. They were happy to provide extra engines, parts and bombs for the aircraft. That carrier will not even have to use a catapult to get these in the air.  We have one hundred either here or on the way. So you will have a good air wing for fighting. They are better than the jets for your needs.

They will be a lot easier to work on and repair as well. The slower flying plane will allow strafing and help support ground troops.

We have a whole new group learning to fly the ones we have now. None will be your jet jockeys. They are taking off and landing on one carrier sitting still in the harbor. Of course we are using tail hooks to stop them.

That should be fun watching. To be honest I really like that idea. But I would like to have a few slicks to fly wounded back to be treated. Not everyone can wait for a LCAC to bring them back.

Ill work on that for you as it would be a good way to handle that. We when this is over could use them here for many jobs. It does mean your back to two fuels.

Yes but it is one type fuel on each ship. The slicks and the LCACs will be using the same fuel. Both are turbojet engine operated. I will need the extra tanks on the LCAC ship, as it will be burning the most fuel with the landing craft and slicks operating.

That we will sit and workout before you go. I also want to hear what Dink has in the way of plans and ideas. In looking at her folder I see she is very close to completing her degree in history from the fall of Rome to the industrial revolution period. It fits her new job nicely.

I know boss that is why she has it. In discussions she has impressed me with the errors she has seen in actions taken by many past leaders. There have been questions I just could not answer for her. So I talked with her advisor and he said she seems to naturally see things that should have been obvious to others? But until she explains it you just dont see it? She has also asked for small camera aircraft like the toys used for that.

Those she can have and with lap tops to view what they see. I am sure knowing what your going into would help keep people alive. They will be set up for her and we will have techs teaching people how to use them. Come see me once you get in and lets talk.

Will do boss and I feel comfortable right now with this fight. It for sure is not going to be a standard war, but it should be successful.

David went to Dinks area and let her know about Johns requests. That she would get what she had asked for also.

I am glad as I have put it into the plan outline for now. Right now Joji is working with me to set a general plan. We are assuming that the people will fight as Japan did five hundred years ago. It was a high point of the Samurai warriors and most of what I have heard seems very much like that period in time.

For sure I cant argue with that. So your expecting bows, arrows and swords?

Yes and the armor of the time. At least it will be that way with the more well ordered social structures. They will often try their best to infiltrate our camps and kill people at night. I expect poisons to be used where reasonable and every old trick that had been used in Japan tried here. It will be like stepping back in time. They will have to attack the carrier I am working from and will do so at some point. But having a woman as commander of our troops is going to highly piss them off. I do intend to show myself and offer to fight any leader.

Now David was starting to see what he had created here. Dink had no fear and was sure she knew what was coming. It would be a man against woman battle in that dimension. The whole concept destroyed their entire system of beliefs. The code of bushido was the code of complete loyalty to a feudal lord. The Samurai warriors placed their lives on the line for their lords life, land, goods, family or honor. Rules were strict and the price for failure high. Here a woman was not held in as high a regard. They for sure did not fight like a man did. But those who did the farming and worked the fields were just like the animals to be tolerated. Many could be had for just a little food. They were the lowest step on the ladder. 

The carrier pulled into the harbor that next day and Dink was on the bridge to watch the event. A helicopter landed on the deck and John got out and went to the bridge. 

Well my leaders of this odd mission. Dink I read your report and expectations, I could not agree more with your conclusions. My best guess is your right on target and heading the right direction. The techs have created a few things for your people to help protect them. Remember the old riot shields? They have one that will take an arrow and cant be cut with any sword.

My worry was clothing sir. My people will be vulnerable to attacks from people well concealed and they are going to be unprotected.

They will have a body armor of sorts to protect them. But a Japanese sword is just not possible to stop with what we can produce. So they must stop that fighter first. We can limit wounds by arrows for them. The key word is limit not stop all. It is light and will help keep people alive.

Joji walked up to Dink and just stood theyre saying nothing and listening. She looked around and smiled. John this is Joji and he is Hidekis half brother.

John bowed to the younger man and you could see shock on his face. Good manors are not something I am short of Joji. I give your brother fits from time to time as I am always suggesting things to him he missed.

In my life time I saw my brother may be ten times. He never seemed to feel any attachment to me so I have just dropped it.

 You do know your related to the Emperor through your mothers side of the family?

I am now a citizen of the Shangri-La Islands and have no other connection to any country. Now I love working for Dink and enjoy her mind greatly. My entire skills are military and as an ex ranger I was pretty good at it.

Given time one day this young man would be a very good commander. Colonel youre more than welcome here and we will do our best to respect your wishes. John handed him the golden birds of a colonels rank. Now General Dink here is your start for the coming fight. A set of two beautiful platinum stars was handed to her.

I sure did not expect this John. She looked lost and John had more for her.

Colonel William Grinder will meet you at your home, as will Colonel Debbie Grinder. So your staff is in place. The house you have has its own office and staff area. There is room for Joji to have a bedroom there as well. The native ladies have taken over your house and will see you and your people get fed, it is clean and you all have laundry done. Their husbands are keeping the garden nice for you as well as your hot tub running.

John you sure make a girl feel welcome and important. But I am not what is important. It will be the people doing the real fighting. That is where my full concerns are right now. If I make a mistake it is their lives that will pay for it.

Dink dont take this the wrong way. But your going to make mistakes and yes some will pay for it. But those are learning periods and you have to expect them. Life is just that way for us humans. So to expect perfection is not reasonable for us. We must understand there is a learning curve and you can prevent some issues early, but not all of them. I assure you there are things you just dont know right now and until you fight you wont know them. Then they will adjust and you will learn more.

She knew John was right and she did not like that. But Joji was really impressed. Sir that was sound advice and well put. Many of the new troops are friends, so I have great worries as well. But I also know as they do we can only do so much.

Your troops are being moved to a camp just outside of town. There are two cars at the house for you to go out there and over see some of the training. We have housing for families here and on other islands for after you leave. The pay for their spouse will be deposited each week for them to live on. But you have them processed and each has an ID card. So everyone is in good shape here now. That helped us greatly.

Ninety percent has US records to use building their files. Those non-citizens educated in California we were not able to document properly. So we used Japans database. If they were out of the country when they said they were in school we accepted that if we had a customs entry document marked student. So some logic was used to cure some of our problems.

We found even more after you sent them here. Every decision you made was proven out correct. So you do get an At A Boy for the work. Now I will give you, David and Joji a life off this ship if you would like one?

We have a ton of bags and a lot of files to get to the house. I have a small boat coming to pick it all up and Joji and I. We will fill a small truck with the files we have right now. So thank but take the boss and keep him happy. She was smiling as she left the bridge with Joji right behind her.

It took Dink and Joji a good two hours to over see getting their boxes loaded and then their clothing on the small boat. They went to the dock where the truck was and the crew loaded the truck. Someone had brought a staff car for the two of them to ride in. 

I have no idea where this house is or what it looks like Joji. So you get the same surprise I do. She laughed at her comment.

As long as we can work someplace where I can see the outside I am happy. We will have better working areas and sleeping also on the new carrier.

The whole VIP area David had will be ours for both living and working. But officers and troops will have one dinning hall to eat in. We will not have officers in one and enlisted in another. We will eat there as well to be seen and available.

I get the feeling you want to set an example in this?

Yes, one far different from the old military. Our military has been mostly Special Forces personnel and they operate differently. So we will operate as they do. That I know works and makes for tighter groups. Here seems to be our new home.

You could see little from the outside as the wall blocked it off. But Dinks old native scouts security force were guarding the property. So she knew she was home. She shook hands with each of her troops and talked with them. Then retired into the garage to direct the unloading. She picked up her bag and headed for the house before anyone could stop her. 

As she walked through the garden she enjoyed the look and peace she felt. It was going to be a nice place to work from. The house was neither American nor Japanese style. It was much more like the Moorish construction in Spain. A home built around a central courtyard. It would be easy to protect and the windows were covered with decorative wrought iron bars as were the doors. No trees were close enough to allow access to the roof. 

This looks pretty secure Dink and in some ways more like a jail than a home. Joji was not sure he was going to like this?

It is a Moorish style from Spain in the 12th to 14th centuries. The outside was built this way to protect the owners from attacks. Once inside they are beautiful and have a large landscaped courtyard in the middle. We will be eating outside most of the time Joji.

Once she got in the front door Debbie grabbed her in a hug. Girl you do seem to get into trouble a lot. I am just going to have to keep a better eye on you. Now she was laughing.

You can bet I did not ask for this. I even questioned the bosses mind in doing this and he when he explained made sense?

The new Colonel stood behind his wife smiling at these two ladies. Well boss put your bag down and come with us as lunch is ready.

Joji and Dink dropped their bags and followed William to the patio. A large table was set up with food and beverages for them all. The meal was fresh baked bread and large salads for each of them. 

This is incredible and I have never eaten a salad that tasted like this. Joji was impressed with the food.

The woman who prepared the food has a son who worked for me. She is very good at doing things that are different to your taste buds. Just tasting the flavor I knew who fixed it.

Now the group sat and discussed the plan put together so far. Dink gave them a view of what she expected and why. Joji filled them in on the history for the Samurai warriors and how good they were at fighting. The weapons they expected and the night attacks they knew would come.

That does not sound like any fighting I have been in before. I fought in the Middle East and they would try to blow you up and dropping a mortar round on you was great fun. But to have assassins coming into the camp at night, which we never had to deal with. During WW II the Japanese used to try to slip in and kill troops to open up places to attack. I guess that is the closest to this method of fighting.

Please note who did that and understand much of the population of Japan came from here many years ago. Joji wanted them to see the connection.

I have to admit my brother is right Dink. In many ways I am finding out Japan has not changed much even today. Hideki came over and hugged Dink. 

Hideki this is your half brother Joji. We just got home and have not even had time to relax any. So lunch was ready when we arrived. Please have a seat and eat some with us.

Hideki sat down and looked at Joji. Brother I am sure you have feelings that are not good ones for me. I did not know of our relationship at all. Mother said you were a distant relative, which is just one more lie she told me. I am finding our mother to be a liar, devious and someone that I should have feared. The lady used everyone she could to get what she wanted. I read Dinks and your report and she was every bit the type you will be fighting.

I saw her may be a half dozens times. She used me to get what she wanted from the man I now know now was my father. He was a politician of some kind in Chicago. The hate I had caused me never to marry or even want to do that. Until I met Dink I was sure all females were like mother. She has given me a different outlook now. One I think is more healthy and fits the world better.

Hideki saw how badly wounded his brother had been. Joji please dont close me out of your life. We still share a blood bond and one I would like to build on. I will not push you, as I have no right to do that. My father was a thief, liar and was killed trying to escape Japan before being punished. Him and mother were both well fitted together. I just hope I can escape their influence.

Joji had no idea what to say to his brother. If they could get to know one another they might one day become friends. The man was no pushy Japanese like the ones he left behind. 

Hideki youre always welcome here and I will be glad if you stop by to discuss our plans. We need input and people who see just what we will be fighting. The history you have and your understanding of the warrior ways would be of help. Dink made sure this was stated openly.

I would be happy to help any place I can Dink. But understand my opinion is just that an opinion and not to be confused with good information. The warlords you will be facing and fighting will do things differently. The Daimyos will not be the same as in old Japan. Their world has never changed much over the last ten thousand years. Now your forcing that change quickly and they will fight it to their last soldier.

That view Hideki I have never looked at before. It is one more event we need to expect. This for being as far back in history as it is, is complex. They can afford to lose thousands and we dont want to lose one. The two different philosophies just are not able to be adjusted to each other. Now Dink had some things to think about. 

I think it will present a difficult problem for you to deal with. They have no mercy and relish the idea of killing their enemy. Matter of fact they dont know what the word mercy means, it just does not exist in their language?

Joji had not picked up on that either. I knew it did not exist in the old Japanese language. But it also does not exist in these peoples?

They are where we were spawn from Joji. Much of Japan and its people came from this dimension. I have been studying this for some time now. Millions of years ago the Japans home islands were actually here where we are now. Over time they drifted to where they are located today. Our islands are drifting and someday we will be out of the gate area. Right now the gate is at sea and about thirty miles from the closes island to it. Once there is a few hundred miles then it will be hard to find our islands.

Now some things were making sense to him. Why are you studying the old world and the gate?

Here I run the school for Japans children of the ruling class. The more I watch them the more I know they do not fit into this world. Where we were taught respect, honor and to care for others, in school they are not taught this in Japan. They are taught to win in school grades and events, that is critical to success. These are not real children as they are tools to their parents.

That reminds me of mother. She did not see me often, but she did have me spanked for not doing better all the time. I used to hate report card times. Joji let his feelings show now and that was not normal for him at all.

This is being slowly reversed with the children I now have. It will be a slow change, but the change will happen. The Emperor is a weak man and will not step in here as John sees this as right. Japan must come into this dimension and live as we all do today. They are not better than others and must learn that starting with the youth.

It sounds like John is doing some teaching as well?

Hideki laughed now. Yes brother he has gotten his point across. I dont know if you saw Dana and I when we landed at Tokyo airport to see the Emperor. But Dana is Johns wife and she did the fighting. I was the stage dummy standing behind her acting out a part. That was the start of change for Japan.

Joji remembered it well and wondered who the man was. You looked very much like any Daimyo from the old stories. That was also the way it was explained to the people. They said Japan had lost its honor and this group would rebuild it once more. I have produced several different television programs to be used in Japan to change the views. A few I know have been played other have not yet.

I have seen them and they do work. But I had no idea it was you doing these. You are seen at a very high standing in Japan. Someone who understands change and what is needed for Japan to survive, grow and prosper.

Starting small businesses had helped many to improve their incomes. The large business that ran government did all they could to stop this. Patents are being check and given to the person or persons who created them. Most large companies just took them if the person worked for them. But the same group has run government for years now. They were powerful even before the military took over from them. But they did support the military as it made them money.

You sound like your not really Japanese?

I am not Japanese I am an islander and will always be. John and these islands have my complete loyalty. We were both born in America and educated there as well. So we dont fit into the social structure of Japan at all Joji. That the old school was here made it work for me to run it. But the school was run by people from the other dimension before. That kept their ideas and beliefs in the imperial line and stopped changes.

The firmness Joji had seen and heard made him like this man. Then in that we are in agreement. As I told John I am a citizen of these islands and that will not change. But I owe Dink for that honor.

 Hideki looked at Dink questioning this? I took to Joji and helped him slide through as he was not married and had no family. The rule was married only you know. I just advised he came or I rejected my position. What he offered me in knowledge was just too much to let go. The decision was I would make all decisions on who was taken period.

There are always exceptions to every rule and that is Johns comment Dink. So you make the right exception for your project. Now I have 186 children to get back to overseeing. Brother if you would like to see complete chaos come by the school one day. But only if you have a strong ability to fight off girls. They are all looking for husbands. Hideki left the patio and headed back to the school.

That is not the brother I knew before Dink?

That is the Hideki I know and have known since he came here. Dana sees him as a brother figure and he sees her as a sister he never had. But he did not know you were his brother either. So I am sure this day was a shock for him.

I am going to have to think through the whole thing now. Much has changed and I am not sure how I should handle it? If you dont mind I would love to hit the hot tub for a time and think things out?

Enjoy it a I need to bring Debbie and William into the picture. It is old data to you and would be a waste of time. So go ahead and relax some. Try to think how we can keep people alive at night during attacks we cant see?

There is no attack we will not see Dink. I have ways to set up protective areas around every encampment. William knows the game and we will win it. Much of what we do will seem like magic to the people we are fighting. That causes fear and that is a major weapon for us.

He is right and we can cause them to be scared of us. In this we need to take our time and work for good results. William and Joji were of the same mind on this.

The day went well and that night Joji got the best nights sleep he had enjoyed in years. This move to the islands was a good one for him and he knew he had been lucky. Without Dinks help he would have been left in Japan, where he was not wanted. He showered that morning and dress in his field gear. His plan was to go check on the troops and assure they were starting training. Placing the gold eagles on his shirt was very different for him. 

When he got out to breakfast he saw Dink had been thinking the same way. Well boss we seem to have the same direction today. I just knew if I did not go check on the training things would not happen today.

Yep we were both thinking the same thing. So sit and eat and we will get out there.

Driving onto the base they saw no guards and did not like the lax attitude they saw right now. Dink called the General and just had to ask. Now why is my base completely unguarded and open for anyone to drive on?

Damn Dink I figured you would handle your own installation.

You do remember these troops are from Japan right? We have had lots of people from the other dimension we have picked up here right? They have been directing and feeding information to the people from Japan for thousands of yeas right? So why the hell would I allow them to stand guard here?

General Zane started to laugh now. Damn Dink you learn fast girl. We have watched the camp all night and picked up a few trying to get in. You have no added guests today. Ill send native scouts to guard and patrol the base. But we will keep watching for people trying to contact your troops. Your a nice draw for those we have not yet caught.

Thanks as I just freaked out with no one on the gates. You know me I like things done right and not like I saw today. You got no more by leaving the guards off the gates.

True but I did get the call from you. So it was worth it to me. Have a good one Dink. The general just hung up.

The base was well awake and active. You could see troops had been at it for some time now. People were pulled into classrooms and sat in front of TVs. 

Dink now had the podium and would speak to them all. People we were attempted to be contacted by agents of the other dimension last night. General Zane picked up several agents trying to come in here. They feel that their idea of being Japanese is the only way it should be. They have advised Japan of their ideas on proper treatment of outsiders. It has been the rules of Japan they have controlled for thousands of years. Now they wish to control you before you even get to their dimension. The leaders know when we get there change is going to happen unless they can stop it here. They exported their hate to our world and dont want tolerance sent back to them. This fight is going to be between two cultures that will never fit together. To them their way is the only way. It is either their way or your death they seek. So make up your mind where you stand and let your officers know if you stand with our enemy? You will be sent back to Japan on the next boat.

That little bit of information sunk in fast. With the strong US born group the mood switched fast to being islanders. 

Now we need your help if any tries to discuss becoming an informant for the other side. Passing on information or helping them in any way is treason and is punishable by death. Security will carryout those executions with pride, as those people would sell you to our enemy. We will protect you the very best way we can. Now be sure to turn in anyone questionable for investigation, with DNA we will know if they are or are not from the other dimension. So those who came here from Japan have already been checked. Thank you and please complete your training here safely.

Joji had been worried at first that many who just did not like someone would turn them in. But the DNA trick would stop that fast. How many did you find from Japan that were rejected for the DNA?

We did not reject them Joji we arrested them. Leaving them in Japan to cause trouble just was not a good idea. They did not know the DNA would show us who they were. John has all employees for his businesses checked, to assure no one is working to cause failure. Everyone in Japan knows who owns those businesses, so he expects attacks there.

But next week we will start this little journey and see what wait us. I am sure none of us has seen anything like what will be there. No matter how well we train Dink, it is going to be different there than we expected. Much of the information we have been given I am sure is wrong. They would know we would question people. So how much truth would you send your enemy?

Dink could see and accept Jojis description. He, she was sure saw where her real problems would come from. So planning and training too much here, just would make things happen that should not have.


