Willow followed her friends lead and attacked Xander, kissing him with all her passion. He staggered backwards under her weight, but held on and lowered them to the floor. She pulled his shirt off, running her fingers over newly acquired muscles. Her Xander, he'd always been her Xander just as she had always been his Willow. She nudged him and he rolled over, allowing her to be on top. Taking off her top, she smiled down at him.

She was beautiful, her pale skin framed by the flaming red hair that she hadn't cut. He wanted to touch her, but a brief glimpse of the 'resolve' face stopped him. She leaned over to kiss him again. Her lips wandered from his to his neck to his shoulder. She trailed all over his chest, licking his nipple and causing him to moan. He turned his head and glanced over at the other couple in the room.

Buffy had managed to strip Giles down to his boxers. It was a crime he'd hidden that body under tweed, or any clothing for that matter. She shouldn't have been surprised, he trained her after all. What had caused a small gasp and a flash of guilt were the scars. She'd known he'd been hurt, but this…. She shushed him before he could speak and began to trace them lightly with her fingers, kiss them and lave her tongue over them, hoping to wash away the hurt with her love.

Giles wanted to assure her it wasn't her fault, but she lowered her head and kissed the burn marks. Her blond head traveled over his torso, kissing and licking. He wanted to roll over and posses her, but knew she wanted to do this. He glanced over at the figures a few feet away. Xander had finally grown into his body and reminded Giles of a different time, long ago.

Giles was looking at him. Why was Giles looking at him? Why hadn't he noticed how green Giles' eyes were? Xander chased away those thoughts, trying to concentrate on the woman above him. She was currently undoing his pants and tugging them downward. Lifting his hips to help, he gasped as she stroked his erection. He then noticed how clothed Willow still was, something he could remedy.

Willow thrilled in the power she had over him. She reached to cup him, feel him. Oh God he was huge, bigger than Oz and way bigger than he was at five, when they'd played doctor. It had been so long since Oz and they would have to take it slow and she was babbling but since she wasn't talking, Xander couldn't stop her and oh he'd rolled them over and he was kissing her breasts and OH!

Buffy heard a muffled squeak from Willow and took a quick glance. Xander had flipped them over, damn he looked good, but she couldn't finish the thought as Giles had taken Xander's lead and rolled them over so he was on top. His eyes burned into her, drinking her in. He tugged at her top and she leaned upwards to help. He pushed her down and immediately began to kiss her braless breasts. She plunged her hands into his hair and encouraged him.

Giles nearly gasped aloud at Buffy's magnificence. He licked and nibbled and sucked, causing delightful sounds from her. He kissed along her torso, working his way down her body, undoing the snap to her jeans and marveling at the small scrap of material covering her. He helped her wiggle out of the jeans and managed a glance at the other two. Willow was a vision and Xander reminded him of Phillip or possibly Thomas.

He could feel a pair of eyes on him, but didn't care, he was about to have his Willow. He pulled her serviceable white panties off quickly and shucked his briefs. He stopped to allow her a gaze as he admired her. She was perfect and obviously a natural red head. He gave a silent question, letting her know he could stop, but she encircled his cock and guided him to her.

Wow! Definitely bigger and certainly not Jewish, but he was perfect, he was Xander. Despite the scars and the eye, he was beautiful. He gave her a look and she reached for him, putting his tip at her entrance. Slowly he sank into her. Willow kept her eyes locked to his, telling him she wanted this, trusted him. When he was fully inside her, she kissed him gently. It was like finding heaven and she was there with her Xander.

Buffy was writhing under her Watcher's talented tongue. Before she lost all reason, she pulled him up for a kiss, tasting herself on him. She pushed at his boxers and unleashed his cock. He was thicker and longer than any of her other lovers. She shivered at the thoughts of what he would do to her. She guided him, silently begging him to take her. He entered slowly, stretching and filling her. She groaned as he pushed further until they were joined as one. She wrapped her legs around him and rocked her hips upwards.

Giles nearly lost control as Buffy moved her hips. So tight and wet and hot. No other would do for him now he had her, his love. He slowly withdrew, thrusting back slowly. They moved as one, her extraordinary muscle control driving him wild. He quickened his pace, twisting his hips and eliciting cried of pleasure from her.

The slap of skin against skin echoed through the room. The residual magic pulsed, feeding the sexual energy, building the pleasure in all of them. Faster and faster they moved until as one they all fell over the edge crying their lover's name.

The room was silent save for the breathless pants of the couples. No one could move, not that they wanted to. The magic still hummed in the air, but quieter, barely discernable. Giles harnessed the energy and mumbled a few words. Instantly Willow and Xander were sent to a room while he and Buffy were in his. She glanced around, noticing the change of scenery.

"Cool. Now, come lay down, watcher mine."

He lay close to her as she snuggled to his chest, there'd be plenty to talk about in the morning.

He awoke to find himself spooned next to someone. Xander opened his eye and saw red. It hadn't been a dream. Willow lay curled up in front of him, a small smile on her face. And no wonder what with the magics and the kissing and oh yeah, the making love. It hadn't been just sex for him, Willow meant too much to him for it just to be sex. Especially after they'd been moved to the bedroom.

Xander gazed at her, his Willow, finally actually his. He'd been such a fool for too many years. But not any more. It had been more than a year since he'd broken things off with Anya. He'd mourned her, yes, but he was ready to move on. He would grab this opportunity Fate had given him. Willow stirred and turned, opening her eyes to see him watching her.

"Mornin' sleepy head."

She blushed. "Is it really? 'Cause that would mean getting up and I'm not sure I wanna do that yet."

She leaned over to give him a kiss. He kissed her back, the innocence turning to passion. He pulled away slowly.

"Will, I think the spell has probably worn off by now."

"I guess you're right. So that means getting up, huh?"

She sat up, pulling the covers with her. She was beautiful. He sat up and took her hands in his. She looked at him quizzically.

"Will, I love you."

"I know that, Xander. I love you too."

He shook his head.

"No, not just as a friend. I love you in a man-woman kinda way. I have forever; I've just been too blind to see it, no pun intended."

She giggled a little, but her heart raced at his words.

"I know you'll think I'm rushing, that I'm being silly Xander, but I'm not. What happened last night, it was the best thing that could have happened to a guy like me. You're beautiful, Willow, you deserve better. But I want to be with you forever. Could we do forever, Will?"

A tear slipped down her cheek. Her Xander. Her handsome, strong, funny, sweet Xander. She'd been waiting for so long for this moment; she'd thought it would never come. She didn't deserve better 'cause she had the best in him. Oz and Tara would always have places in her heart and in her memories, but everything else belonged to him. Her sexy Xander, so gallant and knightly. She put on a wobbly half smile.

"Alexander Lavelle Harris that is the sweetest thing ever. And I love you in a man-woman kinda way. You are the best man any woman could ask for because you are my Xander. You fought because it was right, not because you had power or it was your destiny. I want to be with you. I think forever sounds wonderful."

He sighed with relief as they hugged. He seripticously wiped away a few of his own tears.

"So breakfast? Wanna tell Buffy and Giles?" she asked.

"Breakfast is of the good, I'm starving. Let's tell the Buffster and G-man, share the happy."

Willow laughed, Xander was always starving. She couldn't wait to share the good news with her best friend.

Buffy stirred and snuggled close to the person next to her. Wait; there was someone in bed with her? Her eyes flew open to take in the form of her Watcher and she remembered. The kissing, the spell, everything. Well now she knew what a stevedore was. Giles looked so much younger while sleeping, all the worry lines faded. She knew he'd probably feel guilty and get all stuttery when he woke up. She'd just have to be persuasive again. When she looked back, she found his green eyes on her. She smiled and caressed his cheek.

"Hey there, sleep well?"

"Buffy, about last night…"

She placed a finger on his lips and leaned down to kiss him.

"Was wonderful. If I'd known I think I would have done this a long time ago."

"Buffy…."

"Just listen, Giles. There's no fault here, we're two consenting adults, and I wanted this. I've wanted this for a while now. Do you know why I broke it off with Spike? Not just cause it was a bad relationship, but because of you. I started dreaming about you and not in a Watcher/Slayer kind of way. I didn't want to say anything 'cause we both had so much to deal with. Then well, you know what happened. But I've realized something, I've been making bad relationship choices 'cause I couldn't have you. I love you, Giles, the big romantic Hollywood movie kind of love. And if I remember what you said last night I think you feel the same way about me. Don't fight, don't go all logic guy on me, just tell me what's in your heart."

He just stared at her. She loved him, dreamed about him? He'd thought she'd acted differently towards him but he'd identified it as anger. Could she really want someone like him? After everything they'd been through she wanted him, not Angel or Spike, but him. His mind warred with his heart but the latter won. Who was he to deny what Fate had thrown in his path?

"Buffy, I love you. For so very long, I've loved you. I don't know how it happened, but I know I realized it after Quentin said those stupid words. I never thought you'd feel the same way, that's why I've done the things I did. I may not say it, but always know I love you."

She gave him a huge megawatt smile and hugged him tightly.

"So Watcher-mine, what is this we have?"

"What do you want it to be?"

"I was thinking a forever kind of thing."

"I like the sound to that."

They kissed, but Giles stopped her before it went too far.

"The spell has probably worn off by now. And I suspect Willow and Xander will be up soon. If I know that boy, he'll be starving. Shall we go have breakfast?"

Buffy giggled. "Yes, before Xander eats everything."

The four met up in the kitchen, not saying anything about the previous night. But all could tell things were different. The girls went off to gossip and the men just gave each other wordless glances that said everything. Shortly Buffy and Willow returned mischievous smiles on their faces.

"What are you two up to?" Giles asked.

"I know that look, it can't be good," Xander said.

"Oh, it's good Xand, really good," Buffy assured.

"Yep. We've decided that since we all want the same thing, why wait? We're going to Vegas," Willow announced.

The men looked puzzled.

"To get married isn't it great?" Buffy smiled.

Giles and Xander just stared at each other knowing that life with their loves would never be dull.