The ragtag group closes in on their quarry.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 45 - Boom (MF, cons, parody)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Eudora began her story, "Since the beginning, there have been rules put down by the Creator, He Who We Cannot Name."

"God," I added helpfully. I was sitting on one of the beds next to Demie, and the Enforcer was sitting on the other bed next to the sleeping Dianna Shepherd. Eros and his mother were sitting across from each other on the hotel room's only chairs.

Demie gave me a jab in the ribs with her elbow. "Yeah, dummy, obviously."

Eudora continued, "After Earth was created, it was found that some humans did not follow His laws. Hell was created shortly thereafter, as He needed someplace to put those wayward souls, as they could not stay on Earth after dying, and they could not go..." She pointed upward. "Demons were created to manage Hell, but to shepherd souls, which are powerful, the demons had to be made powerful as well. To keep the demons in line, The Deal was created. It restricts a demon's powers in certain ways, like limiting succubus' and incubus' soul sucking abilities to a kiss. It also keeps the demons confined to Hell until a human summons them, but then the summoned demon is under the human's control. When the human dies, their soul goes to Hell and the demon returns. That soul is then the demon's to do as they wish with it."

I glanced over at Demie. She had confirmed as much after we captured Eros after the Snuggle Bottom mystery. When I died, she would torture me endlessly in Hell. I gulped.

"So what does this have to do with Shepherd's baby?" Eros asked.

Eudora looked uncomfortable. "Some demons get destroyed and have to be replaced, and they aren't just created from nothing. The method is complicated -- I won't go into it -- but somehow Cassandra knew it and directed Demie and Tom to undergo the ritual with Shepherd at the exact right time.

I sat up straighter, my eyes wide. "So Seth..."

The Enforcer spoke up, "Baby Seth is a demon that is not bound by The Deal. Cassandra manipulated you in order to get her hands on him, and she's had him for weeks now."

I rubbed my temples. "Holy shit."

Shepherd stirred and sat up. "Did...did you say Seth? Did we find him?"

She didn't look good. I realized that her emaciated condition from a few weeks ago would have been from Seth draining her, since his incubus powers wouldn't have been locked into a kiss like with the other demons present. If a baby did that to her, he'd be unstoppable when he got older. Plus, the dimensional pressure here in Gehenna was affecting her too. "Not yet, Shepherd," I told her, "go back to sleep."

She nodded and lay down again.

We all leaned forward and I whispered, "So we find the baby, make him part of The Deal, and we're good?"

"Easier said than done," Demie commented.

"What? We have three demons and an Enforcer...once we find Cassandra, she'll have no chance, right?"

"If we find her," Eudora replied. "Gehenna's big; a pocket dimension with doors everywhere, including some that go to other dimensions."

...

Suddenly the Enforcer and I were running headlong down a corridor for some reason. Another awareness jump? I felt like the guy from Memento. Gehenna's dimensional pressure was playing havoc with my head again.

I saw blonde hair swish around a corner ahead. Not Shepherd, so it must be Cassandra? The Enforcer was ahead of me, and then she skidded to a halt.

"Grenade! Down!" She turned and leapt into me, and then there was a loud BOOM.

We went down, me on my back and the Enforcer on top of me. Then the roof came down on top of both of us.

...

"Tom?"

"Five more minutes, Mom..."

"Wake the fuck up, dick!"

I felt someone lightly slapping the side of my face. I opened my eyes, but everything was dark. I could barely move, and it was hard to breathe. "What...happened? I asked.

"The tunnel collapsed," the Enforcer explained. "We're both pinned and I have no leverage. We'll have to wait for the demons to figure out where we got to and dig us out."

"Oh, right, we split up...should we start yelling?"

"I tried that, but based on the echo in our little space here, the debris is muffling it," she informed me.

"Shit. Well, thank you for saving me."

She harrumphed.

I tried not to think about how much collapsed tunnel was on top of us, or how much oxygen we had left. I closed my eyes and concentrated on controlling my breathing. With the Enforcer so close, I could smell her sweat. It wasn't stinky...in fact, it was kinda...nice.

"What...is that?" she asked.

"Um, what?"

"God's blood, are you getting hard?"

"Oh...uhm, sorry. You're totally badass, and gorgeous too...I think I have a thing for strong women. We're pressed right up against each other, and you smell nice..."

"Damnit! Gotta...ugh..."

I felt her try to move, but all she did was rub her crotch against mine, which didn't help my erection. Well, it helped, but not in the way she wanted.

Then she did something really unexpected: she moaned.

"You okay?" I asked.

"You're really hard. How big is that?" She squirmed again, making my cock twitch.

"I'm...above average...7 inches."

"Damnit...mmm..." She started to move her hips, rubbing our pants-covered crotches together.

I couldn't believe it! The high and mighty Enforcer, looking like she could be Gina Carrano's sister, was dry humping me!

I felt her reach down and heard her struggling. Then my jeans were pulled down enough that my erection sprang out. After a bit more struggling, we were skin on skin. The Enforcer's mouth found mine as she lined our hips up and my cock slipped inside her. We gasped into each other's mouth as she humped me.

"Fuuuck...haven't done this in decades..." she moaned as she pulled back. "Thought I was past all this..."

Somehow she managed to move her body enough so that my cock slipped all the way inside her.

"Mmm! So full..." She began to roll her hips. "Huh...huhh...oh shiiit!"

I felt her pussy squeeze me as she came, but I'd gotten used to fucking both Demie and Eudora, so wasn't going to pop off anytime soon.

The Enforcer kept shaking upon me, and moved her mouth back to mine. I was happy to be able to kiss someone again without losing my soul. Her orgasm calmed down and she began to ride me, pulling off about halfway before sliding back down again. The rubble was keeping her from moving much, so our sex was slow, almost like lovemaking.

I moved my hands up to caress her sizable breasts but they were pressed into my chest. I managed to slip my fingers down her cleavage, though, and tapped at her pronounced nipples.

"Huhh...huhh..." she moaned as she continued sliding up and down my 'Tommy Gun'. "Hnnnggh!" She came again, and this time I knew that I couldn't hold out any longer.

"I'm gonna cum..." I warned her, though I had no idea what she could do to keep me from shooting inside her. I hoped that she was safe...well, kinda...not really? Fuck, I was one sick puppy.

"Oh God...oh my God..." she moaned, but didn't stop moving upon me, her pussy urging my cock to give up its bounty.

And it did. I gasped and grunted as my load rushed up my shaft and exploded deep inside the athletic woman. "NNGH! Ahhhuhh! Shiiit..." I moaned.

"MM! So hot...insiiide..." she gasped as I inseminated her.

Then we both came down from our orgasms and she lay upon me, both of us breathing heavily.

"Priscilla."

I blinked. "Sorry?"

"My name before I died and became an Enforcer was Priscilla. Don't call me that in front of the others, though."

"Never in a million years would I have guessed that was your name," I told her. "It's very pretty, though," 

I could almost feel her blush. "Thanks." There was a pause. "It's not going down." She moved her hips a little to make sure that I knew what she meant.

"Yeah, I'm sometimes good for a couple, back-to-back."

"Hmm..." I felt her moving upon me again.

An indeterminate amount of time later, as we reached orgasm once more and I filled her up with my second load of cum, the world seemed to shake. No, that was the rubble! Within seconds, several large pieces of debris were removed, revealing us in flagranti to the rest of our party.

"Jesus, Tom! Have you fucked or impregnated all of us women now?" Shepherd asked indignantly.

I gave Priscilla a questioning look as she got up and pulled up her tight pants.

"Not a chance," she revealed. "My body's not capable of making babies anymore. That was...just some fun while we waited." She gave me a wink as I pulled up my jeans.

Once we were all back on our feet, we stepped around the corner to find a door made of unpainted metal. There was nowhere else Cassandra could have gone.

Priscilla pulled out a map. "Says here this door leads to...oh no."

"What is it?" Eudora asked.

"A demi-plane with no official name, but time passes very fast there."

"How fast?" I asked.

"If Cassandra took Seth there weeks ago, he might be fully grown now."

"No..." I heard Shepherd murmur.

"Wait..." That sounded familiar. "Didn't...? Yeah, that was from an episode of Angel. You ripped that off from Joss Whedon!"

The demons and Priscilla turned to look at me.

"What?"

"Whedon's fortunes have benefited greatly from The Deal," Priscilla explained to me. "He was probably made aware of this demi-plane, so if anything, he stole the idea."

My mind was awhirl. "Wait wait wait. Are you saying Joss Whedon...?"

Priscilla turned back to the door. "We have to get in there, now!" She yanked the door open and rushed through. The rest of us quickly followed.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)