The text from my lover Jon was brief and to the point.
"There's someone I want you to meet." He wrote. "My son will be in town on business and I think you would like him."
A photo of a ruggedly handsome, tan, blue eyed man with dark hair was attached.
Intrigued, I called Jon right away.
"My son Jack is flying in this week from LA. He's a good looking kid, he's fit - he plays a lot of soccer, works out."
"Kid?"
"Well, he's thirty-two. I've told him a little about you and I think you two will hit it off."
"What exactly did you tell him about me?" I said mock-suspiciously.
"That you're beautiful, sexy and free for the summer."
"Okay. What do you have in mind?" I asked.
"Dinner, wine, dessert... the three of us, at my place. I'll make my famous duck."
"Sounds yummy. And dessert?"
"Whatever you like. You name it."
"Hmmm, let me think...how about me."
"I like it." Jon replied.
When I pulled up to Jon's house in my old BMW, Jack had just arrived as well, standing in the driveway in khaki pants and a raw silk shirt.
"You must be Paige. I'm Jon's son, Jack. I like your convertible. 325i right?"
"Hi...ummm, yeah I guess it is. My Dad made sure it had the small engine." I replied.
"1992. Yeah, a four-cylinder."
I was a little miffed that he seemed to be more interested in my car than me.
Earlier in the day I had laid out the night with my friend Maddy
"Mmm, a threesome. Welcome to my wicked world, friend." she said, a little dreamy-eyed.
"It's not a sure thing. It's just dinner." I replied.
"Well, if you're dessert, then we better make sure you're damn tasty." Maddy said smiling.
We were best friends and had gone through a lot together. Maddy was a year older than me, a little shorter with bigger tits.
Her shortly cropped blonde hair often had folks pigionholing her as lesbian, but if anyone was pan-sexual it was Maddy.
She was the one that showed me how to masturbate to orgasm, how to pick out the right dildo or vibator and how to suck a guy off.
We also experimented on each other, and she taught me how to lick a girl to orgasm, among other things.
"I can't believe this isn't me getting fucked tonight." she said laughing as we worked out my outfit.
We picked out my cutest little black dress. It had a snug fit with a plunging neckline, so I went braless, my nipples clearly outlined in the thin material.
My dark hair was down around my shoulders and I wore a silver and lapis lazuli pendant to draw the eye to my cleavage (if my hard nipples weren't doing the trick).
Maddy did some very restrained makeup, highlighting my big hazel eyes and adding a little wet color to my lips.
The black Sarah Flint pumps I was wearing gave my round little ass just the right lift.
"Jesus," Maddy said looking me over, "You better get our of here before I fuck you myself!"
That night, while Jack looked over my car, I gave him a good look-over.
He had inherited his father's slim lines but a decade of working out in LA gyms had bulked him up a bit. He was a bit taller than Jon and broader in the shoulders, with a casual but neatly groomed three day stubble.
His blue eyes were more striking in person, in the fading light of sunset they seemed to flash at me when he smiled. Maybe it was the tan.
"What am I doing, looking at a car when a gorgeous woman is standing right here?" He said, flashing a smile.
He took my arm to lead me up the path and I felt myself getting a little weak in the knees.
Fuck, was I swooning?
He stepped in front of me to get the door and I got a good look at his ass - small and tight in his well-worn chinos.
I smiled and began to feel like myself again.
Dinner was pleasant, but the duck that Jon had expertly prepared took a backseat to the two handsome older men at the table.
The two of them worked to make me feel like the center of attention; but I was having trouble sharing the conversation, as Jack's blue eyes drew me in.
The red wine was pouring freely and the conversation turned flirty. In my head I was planning how I hoped the night was going to go, trying not to stare at Jack.
Dessert was going to be delicious, that was for sure.
Jack was sitting across from me telling stories about LA auditions, amatuer street racing and some of the recent trips he'd been on.
He was funny, confident. sexy as fuck and a big flirt.
He pretended not to notice my boobs but I could see him sneaking a glance in when he thought I wasn't looking. Now and then he would exchange glances across the table with Jon, who was sipping wine and smiling broadly.
Toward the end of dinner my new friend wasn't pretending anymore as he shamelessly admired my tits.
I was so focused on Jack the next thing I knew dinner was done. We left three empty wine bottles on the table as we moved into the living room for brandy.
The large black sectional couch in the living room was wide, firm and comfy. As I sat down I had a sudden mental image of myself nude on the huge couch, my pale skin contrasting sharply with the black material.
Jack sat next to me with his brandy as his father handed a small snifter to me and settled in on my other side.
Jon had dimmed the lights and the room was warm and relaxing.
The sensation of having two men so intently focused on me was almost overwhelming.
I began to feel nearly powerless, intoxicated with their presence and ready to bend to their will.
As we finished our brandy I felt the atmosphere become thick with sexual tension. My nipples were hard and I could feel the tingling between my legs.
Jack's hand settled on my neck as his father placed a hand on my thigh, just below the hemline, and pushed the material up a few inches.
I turned to face Jack and he pulled my head forward slightly and began kissing me, his tongue probing my mouth and his other hand gently massaging my tits through my dress.
As Jack passionately kissed me, his father stood and began getting undressed, revealing the cock I knew so well at full hardness.
When Jon was nude he sat next to me and pulled me close as Jack stood and began undoing his belt.
As Jon's tongue probed my mouth, I took his long, slim cock in my hand and began stroking the length. His hand slipped up my dress, slid under my thong and began rubbing my wet pussy.
Jack, now naked, sat next to me and unzipped my little black dress down to my lower back, while I kissed his father.
Understanding that it was my turn to get naked, I stood and turned to face the two men on the couch while holding my dress on with one hand.
I slowly wiggled out of the black cocktail dress, letting it fall around my feet and stepped out of it.
Wearing nothing but a tiny black thong I stood in front of the two older men while they sat nude on the couch, eyeing me hungrily. They both were sipping brandy and casually stroking themselves as they watched me.
"Hold your tits for me. Lift them up and squeeze them." Jack commanded, and I complied, cupping my tits in my hands, massaging them and pushing them together.
I started to remove the pendant when Jack raised his hand.
"Leave it on. I like the way it looks between your tits."
"Turn around." Wordlessly I did what he asked, turning so they both could see my tight little butt.
Jack's hand ran up my leg to my ass and paused, squeezing one firm cheek.
"Take that off." he ordered, referring to the thong.
I leaned forward to wriggle out of it, my ass nearly in their faces.
Someone's hand reached out between my legs to my pussy and their fingers slipped between my cunt lips.
I paused in this position, hands on my knees, enjoying the feeling of a man's hand exploring the full lips of my shaved pussy .
"Turn around baby." Jack commanded.
I complied, and finally got a good look at his cock.
Unlike his father, Jack's cock was thick as well as long with a well-defined, large head. Seven inches or better, it was like his fathers equipment in other ways, with distinct veins and large balls.
I couldn't take my eyes off of his sex, and he saw me looking.
"You like what you see? " Jack said, casually stroking his big dick as he sat and looked at me.
I nodded.
"If you want it, you're going to have to earn it by being very good."
"I promise." I said, sitting next to Jack and placing my hand on his big cock, taking over the stroking.
Jack pulled me forward again and began kissing me.
"God, you are gorgeous." He said, pulling back and looking into my hazel eyes.
Jon was smiling, relaxing on the couch nude with a brandy, watching his son running his hands over my tits, down my back and between my legs while intensely kissing me.
The entire time we kissed I did not let go of his aroused cock, gently stroking it and running my hand over the head, getting the shaft wet with precome.
"Are you a good girl or a bad girl Paige?" the handsome older man asked.
In reply I smiled and knelt on all fours next to him on the couch and took his big cock in my mouth.
I stroked it a few times, squeezing the head gently and watching the precum form like drops of dew at the tip. I licked them off as they formed, running my tongue around the big head like an ice cream cone.
I opened my mouth and slid it past my lips.
I relaxed and tried to take as much of it in as I could, and when his cock touched the back of my throat I slowly slid it out, leaving his thick shaft wet and glistening; a mixture of my saliva and his precome.
Taking a deep breath, I took his thick dick back into my mouth, bobbing my head as far down the shaft as I could.
With one hand I stroked what I couldn't swallow, the other hand held his balls gently.
""Oh fuck baby...that's it." Jack sighed, as he laid back to watch me suck him. He tugged at my nipples and kneaded my hanging tits.
This position also put my pussy in Jon's face and very quickly I felt my older lover kissing my lower back, his hands on my butt cheeks. I spread my knees to give him access and I felt his hands rubbing my wet slit.
His tongue darted inside my pussy lips a few times, then began lapping at my clit.
I groaned as Jon put his hand on my ass and slipped his thumb into my cunt, tickling my asshole with his index finger.
All the while his talented tongue was busy flicking my clit.
I was sucking Jack's cock when the first orgasm snuck up on me, and my body began jerking so hard I had to pull his beautiful dick out of my mouth so I could gasp for breath.
"Oh God..I'm cumming baby.." I blurted out.
Jon continued licking my clit hard with his wet tongue as I convulsed like an epileptic.
When that orgasm faded, Jon pulled away from my wet, twitching pussy and sat back.
I turned to Jon and took his cock in my mouth, swaying my butt, offering my pussy to Jack and his thick member.
I felt the fat head of Jack's cock nosing up and down my pussy lips, getting wetter as he prepared to slide the big thing into me.
On all fours again, I spread my knees and felt both of his big hands on my hips.
I had seen videos of girls being "spit-roasted", now that girl was me.
When the head of his cock slipped inside me I stopped sucking Jon, threw my head back with my mouth open wide.
The girth of his cock took me by surprise, stretching its way past my flower- petal cunt lips and sliding deep inside me.
I had never had a cock this big in me, as I was flooded with new sensations.
Jon watched my face, enjoying the look of pure pleasure as his son's cock filled my cunt.
Jack reached under me to cup my two firm, soft-ball sized tits as he held his fat cock deep inside me. I could feel it flexing inside me, throbbing and alive.
I pressed Jon's cock tight against my cheek as I gasped with pleasure and surprise.
"Oh fuck, that feels amazing." I managed, licking and sucking Jon's cock between small yelps of pleasure.
Jack was stroking my pussy now, with the full length of his dick, holding on to my hips as he pounded me.
I lost the sense of time, as though I was overwhelmed with the experience. I can't say for sure how long I was sucking Jon's cock, running my hands through his grey chest hair and rubbing my clit while his son hammered my pussy from behind.
At some point, Jack slid his shaft out and pulled me over to sit on his lap, facing him. I was weak from being fucked, limp and compliant.
Enthralled by the two men, I was submissive and ready to hand myself over to them.
I tossed my dark hair back and straddled Jack, reaching between my legs for his hard cock. I positioned the head of his dick at the opening of my pussy and guided it in, feeling the length of it slide into me.
He pulled me forward and I pressed my tits against him, putting my arms around his neck as he held me. I sensed Jon rising and standing, positioning himself behind me, his cock in his hand.
As I leaned forward onto Jack, my pussy impaled on his cock, his dad put the head of his cock on my asshole and began sliding it in.
I buried my head in Jack's muscular neck as Jon's cock slipped into my ass.
In a moment I was being fucked by both men, Jack's big cock stretching my little pussy and Jon's long, slim penis sliding in and out of my sensitive butthole.
Jack's arms wrapped around me and held me tightly to him as he thrust up into me and Jon's hands gripped my hips as he thrust into my ass.
I couldn't move and for a moment felt like I was a fuck-toy, a pleasure doll, a being that existed for their enjoyment only, without a will of my own.
That blissful feeling was followed by an intense orgasm as my G-spot was stimulated by two cocks at once.
I began shuddering with intense convulsions as the men fucked me like a ragdoll.
Wave after wave of pleasure jolted through me as the men continued stroking me in both holes.
Through my haze I felt Jon begin to ejaculate into me, his cock throbbing in my ass.
Both hands on my hips, he buried his dick to the hilt in my little butt.
He grunted as his cock jerked a half dozen times, spurting his load of cum into me.
As his orgasm faded Jon continued to run his hands over my shoulders, lower back and butt.
I felt him slowly pulling his long and still firm penis out of my butthole.
As Jon's limp cock slipped out of my ass, Jack increased the pace of his stroking, slapping his cock in me as he held me tight.
Reached down between my legs I began rubbing my clit, one hand holding on to his neck.
I took the nipple of one of his pecs in my mouth and began sucking and I felt him stiffen.
Suddenly he groaned, put both arms around my waist and stood, with me still impaled on his cock.
He turned and put me down on the couch, my legs now spread wide and his big hands holding them up and back; his massive cock spearing my pink, puffy pussy.
He began pounding my cunt as I watched, mouth open and gasping as the thick veiny cock disappeared into my body over and over.
"Yes baby..fuck me hard..." I blurted out.
He pushed my legs back, leaning over to kiss me, holding his cock in me to the hilt.
I could feel the thick thing twitching inside my pussy as we kissed.
"Fuck...I'm going to cum honey..." He gasped
"Give it to me baby..." I pleaded, opening my mouth.
He pulled his cock out, holding the shaft tightly, and placed one hand on the back of my head. I took his thick head between my lips and he released his grip.
Cum began spurting into my mouth in a series of powerful spasms as I gulped and swallowed his load.
Both hands on my head, Jack watched me suck him and listened to me coo with joy as I fed from his thick penis.
"Fuck baby...you are so good. So beautiful..." He groaned as his hard member grew soft in my mouth.
I tended to Jack's cock for a while, licking it clean and sucking the last few drops of cum from him while he gently stroked my tits.
Jon ran his hands over my body and kissed me on the top of the head and walked to the bathroom to clean up leaving me along with Jack
I was limp and spent, now embodying the mental picture I saw earlier, myself nude, my pale skin contrasting the dark material of the sectional.
My hair was a mess, definitely a freshly fucked look. My pussy was still tingling and my tits were pink and a little sore.
Jack pulled me close to him.
"Stay here with me tonight." He whispered in my ear, nuzzling my neck.
"I shouldn't..." I began.
"Please...?"
"It's very hard to resist you like this." I replied laughing.
"In that case, I insist you spend the night here with me." He said pulling me close again.
He led me to the bedroom and we cuddled in the large bed. I drifted off to sleep with Jack holding me, his cock nestled into my butt cheeks.
In the morning he woke me slowly, running his hands over my body and kissing my back.
He sucked and nibbled at my tits, working his way down my body to my pussy.
He lay between my legs and worked my clit over with his tongue. He teased, licked and sucked me until I came for him, shaking and gasping as he held my legs open and probed my pussy with his tongue.
I spent a long time between his legs, looking into his blue eyes as I sucked his thick cock. I ran my tongue up and down his veiny shaft until it was glistening wet.
Taking my time, I let him watch as his hard rod slowly disappeared into my mouth, swallowing it until the head pressed against the back of my throat.
When I was done playing with his gorgeous cock, I slowly kissed my way up his body, paying strict attention to his nipples.
He took me in his arms and lay behind me, kissing my neck as his hard cock nestled between my buttcheeks. I raised my leg and felt him rubbing his cock head on my pussy, then sliding the big thing into me.
We lay there nestled together with Jack's arms around me holding me tight, gently fucking me, for what felt like hours. I rubbed my clit as he slowly stroked me and came again, shivering and shaking, my pussy twitching.
I turned my head to kiss him and as our lips met I slipped my tongue into his mouth.
Suddenly he pushed his cock deep into me and held it there.
I felt him begin to cum inside me, his cock convulsing in my pussy a half dozen times.
His orgasm sent a series of spasms through his body as he held me tight.
We laid there intertwined as his orgasm faded, his cock growing soft inside me until it slipped out.
He rolled over on his back.
"I want to see you again, honey." Jack said, kissing me.
"I want that too. But.."
"But...what?"
"I have some other plans for this summer. I want you again Jack, but you're leaving town and...I have plans."
"I know about your list and I think I can help, if you let me." Jack said smiling.
"It's very hard to resist you like this." I replied laughing.
Yes, this summer was turning out to be a very interesting one.