How do I describe this? It's very hard to make it sound true, it is but here goes anyway: I was married for six hour before I was unfaithful. It sounds stupid unlikely but it is true. We married had the reception then left for our hotel. Once we got there things went wrong: Firstly the room wasn't a double or even a twin however the reception apologised and asked us to wait in the bar as they sorted it.

The barman came over and offered us a drink; to help, he said but we didn't ask him what! Don fell asleep in a chair I was not far behind when the staff appeared and showed us to a new room which was a hastily altered single room. But at least it was ok. Don couldn't walk so the barman helped him up to our room and dropped him in a chair in our bedroom.

I was also feeling really out of it when he came up to me and suggested I give him a tip and he kissed me. Now this is a bit hazy but I felt like giving as good as I got so we kissed hard then the next thing I know I'm lying on the bed naked with the black barman pounding me hard. I climaxed big and he shuddered and came in me.

I remember we had sex again but how long there was in between I couldn't say. Now I'm not sure what went on but in the early hours of the morning, the man began to have sex with me again and I recall getting very vocal at this point as I felt so turned on. Now I woke again several hours later to find myself alone on the bed (David was in the chair still) and looking down I saw a huge mess. It was hard to recall but remember willingly going with the man although I was pretty certain I'd been drugged.

Anyway I decided to hide this from my husband only it was the most stupid thing I could have done. The very next evening we had dinner drank a liqueur each and then went to our room only even as we got there David was falling down and as we staggered into the room I realised the same thing was happening.

This time whatever I'd been given was far more potent in terms of my desires, I wasn't as hazy as before but when the man appeared at my door and pressed himself on me I found it impossible to refuse him anything.

That second night he got me to change out of my nice dress into a short skirt and loose top then took me to his car and drove me to a house where he had sex with me only this time two others appeared and it turned into a gangbang. They were all black and very crude but I was such a slut I couldn't resist them at all.

The man drove me back and then when I was back in my room he got me to strip my husband then lie over his face he fucked me from behind. The mess in me dripped over my new husbands face then when the guy came in me for the third time that evening he got me to sit on David's face letting the mess drop into his mouth.

David nearly chocked but didn't wake. The man left me then and I went to the shower and cleaned up then towelled David down before bed. Thankfully the next night it was fine and I relaxed thinking it was over however I was wrong and the next afternoon I was slipped something again. This time the barman took me to an empty hotel room and introduced me to a succession of coloured men from the hotel; a Malaysian waiter, two Asians (cleaners I think) and a couple of black guys who worked in the kitchen.

The sex went on for hours and to my shame (yes it was also the drugs) I had many climaxes and even kissed them passionately as they filled me with their cum. My new husband and I left the next day and I went home in the knowledge that during the three nights of my honeymoon I'd actually had sex with eight different men and none of them was David. In fact we were yet to consummate our marriage!

Now this was both awful and erotic and I have fantasised about it constantly since. Once, just once, a year and a half later we went to a party, when David became blind drunk then fell unconscious, I had sex with a black man lying next to David on the bed, very drunk myself and far too easily seduced by that sexy man. I was on fire both that night and again in the early hours of the next morning and could have fucked all day with the guy given the choice it was just so erotic.

By far the biggest turn on for me was the next day after we'd finally got up. I started by chatted to the guy over a coffee, sitting on my husband's lap with him oblivious to the fact that this guy had been my lover the previous night.

I was flashing the man my bare pussy as an invitation for seconds (like I said I was just so turned on I was barely able to control myself for some reason) and finally a little later while David ate a late breakfast chatting to a couple of people who shared the house, I slipped into the next room. Once there let the guy have me, bent over the sofa in the front room as David sat only three paces away.

My peak was by far and away the biggest and best orgasm of my life, fuelled as it was by my lover's mutual climax, his ejaculation so forceful that I felt him as he fired into me. That's the honest truth of it, nasty but so, so hot and I get off thinking about it all the time! David is blissfully unaware that I've been unfaithful to him and that is how it's going to stay although I'm aware that the depths of emotion I felt during these various situations were beyond anything I've every experienced from my husband even if they were all drink or drug induced.


 
