At The Movies
by Tweston

He makes her cum in the theater while others watched.

"So, what do you want to do tonight?" My question to Sherry was more out of boredom than actual interest. I was perfectly content staying home and curling up on the couch to watch one of my DVDs with her. Especially because snuggling on the couch with her often turned into more than just snuggling.

We had met in the first week of my basic Biology class at the local junior college, then we didn't have any classes together for another year and a half. We met again in a Sociology class and things just clicked. It seemed that we were both average kids from average families who could not afford to pay for an expensive education at some large university. As we chatted, I worked up enough nerve to invite her to the snack bar for coffee. We found out we were living in the same apartment complex near the campus and we started spending a lot of time together. In a month, we were definitely a couple. And now we were about to celebrate her 21st birthday.

"Well, I was thinking about that new science fiction movie that came out last week." Sherry's suggestion took me by surprise because I didn't know she was into science fiction. Then her next comment offered an explanation for her suggestion.

"I figure the theater would be less crowded today since it is the middle of the week. Also, it isn't another movie filled with one token old guy and everyone else less than twenty-five. That means there will be less kids in the audience." I tried not to grin at what I hoped was her motivation and nodded, adding my thoughts.

"I know, right? As impossible and unrealistic as it might seem, Hollywood puts out movie after movie with only kids in it. I saw one advertised last week that showed the director of the CIA as a thirty year old. Only a very stupid person could accept that as realistic. I mean, where does Hollywood believe that Washington hides all the bureaucrats who are clinging so hard to their jobs until their huge retirement benefits? Do the older and more experienced people who have been around for thirty years get assigned to the secretarial pool so kids can advance to being heads of federal agencies?

"Seriously, I watched a movie last week where the FBI put a thirty year old agent in charge of an operation dealing with a terrorist that was going to set off a nuclear bomb. A thirty year old agent! In charge of the entire operation over dozens of agents! And every new series coming out on TV next month stars nothing but kids in their early twenties." I was beginning to sound like an old man, so I decided to shut up, but I believed this to be the dumbest media trend in recent years. She saw me getting worked up, and walked over to gently massage my neck where the muscles were beginning to bulge out from stress.

"You are absolutely right, sweetheart, and you are absolutely right each and every time you deliver this speech." She paused as I turned to look at her. I gazed into her eyes for a moment, and then burst into laughter at her comment.

"Am I really that bad?" This time it was she who burst into laughter, apparently thinking I needed no reply to my question. Instead, she moved around and sat on the couch next to me, spreading the movie section of the newspaper on my lap for review. We looked over the options and finally settled on the movie she had suggested in the first place. Then we got up from the couch to get ready. She, of course, went to her apartment on the floor just above mine to get changed for the movie.

The theater was dark when we entered from the back, the previews of coming movies having already started. And we were right - the theater was not very crowded and there were only a small number of kids in the audience. The rest of the audience was older, with one couple even in their sixties. I started to move us to a spot in the middle of the theater, but she pulled me over to some empty seats near the back row. I decided she liked to sit at the back of the theater, another thing I did not know about her.

Sherry had decided to wear a fairly short skirt to the theater, topped off with a cotton, button-down blouse. Had the skirt been in some plaid pattern, I would almost have thought she was role-playing as a school girl. Instead, she had chosen a dark gray color for her skirt with a deep rose for her blouse, along with strappy white wedge sandals that gave an additional three inches to her slightly more than five foot stature. But the skirt was indeed short and pleated so there was a clear resemblance to a school uniform, or maybe a cheer leader outfit. I wondered if that was intentional, but I never asked her. Instead, I just decided to relax and enjoy it. And her slim figure with large breasts made for a lot to enjoy.

We sat down and settled in, placing our drinks in the cup holders and the large bucket of popcorn in her lap. I was going to hold the popcorn but, for some reason, she wanted it in her lap. She had to spread her legs wide and trap the bucket between her thighs to keep it from moving around and eventually spilling its greasy contents on the floor. This, naturally, forced her skirt up high on her thighs, almost to the point of showing her panties. Or rather, to the point of revealing whether or not she was wearing panties! Suddenly, I noticed a whole new benefit to her holding the popcorn. I silently grinned, looking forward to eating popcorn more than usual.

Each time I reached into the popcorn bucket, I had a clear image of my hand reaching into her lap with no bucket to impede my fingers. By my third handful of popcorn, I was as hard as a brick.

And then, the inevitable happened. I dropped a single piece of popcorn and it missed the bucket. In the dim light, I could see the white kernel nestled on the seat between her thighs, just barely peeking out from the hem of her skirt.

Suddenly, I froze, indecision impairing my mind. I sat for several seconds, not quite certain what to do. After all, our relationship was still relatively new and we hadn't even had sex yet. So I had no idea how she would respond if I reached between her thighs to grab a piece of popcorn. But my quandary was quickly resolved for me.

"Are you going to dump popcorn in my lap and just leave it there for the butter-flavored grease to smear up my clothes?" Her quiet question contained both a rebuke and a challenge, but her eyes held only tease. I started to say something but thought better of it. Instead, I looked around at the rest of the audience, especially the people nearby.

It was a small theater in a complex of ten theaters. It could only seat about a hundred people when full, and it was only about a third full since this was a Wednesday afternoon. There was a couple over my left shoulder, sitting in the only row behind us. From their position, I doubted they could see anything. But there were two couples sitting next to the isle to our right a few seats over, on the other side of Sherry, who could see my efforts at retrieving the popcorn if they happened to look in our direction. And there were three men just in front of those couples who could also see us, but they would have to make the effort to look back over their shoulders if they were to see anything. Finally, there was a man in the seat in front of me, which meant he couldn't see anything. Of course, he was close enough to hear everything.

In short, I was fairly confident I could subtly retrieve that single kernel of runaway popcorn without drawing any attention from the people near us. But somehow the risk was still exciting to me.

Slowly, almost gently, I reached my hand into her crotch. Watching the screen and trying to act as if nothing was going on, I found that I had to move my hand around far more than I expected before I found the straying bit of popcorn. I mean, there was not much room for the kernel to hide so I hadn't expected any difficulty in locating it. Instead, I actually had to peer down into her lap before I could find it. And in doing so, I brushed against her bush. SHE HAD NO PANTIES!

I almost came!

A few days ago I had discovered that Sherry did not shave. While we hadn't had sex yet, she had finally let me reach into her panties and play with her pussy last week. And I discovered just how hairy she was then. I absolutely love a full bush, and she had one that was positively inspirational. She trimmed her pubic hair into a large triangle, but left what was there totally untouched. Her pubic hair was long enough to play with and full enough to play with for hours. I was totally in love with Sherry's female carpet. I hadn't actually seen it yet, but I had felt it and I knew I was in love with it.

My hunger for popcorn instantly increased, driven by my hunger for her hairy pussy! A not-so-quiet moan escaped my lips, with no excuse to cover for the sound. I noticed one of the three men sitting in the row in front of us look over his left shoulder in our direction, but didn't think he was serious about seeing anything. And even if he was, there was nothing to see. From his angle, all he could see was me reaching into the popcorn bucket in the lap of the woman next to me. At least, that was all I hoped he could see. Besides, Sherry was too busy smiling at the movie to betray anything. Unless, maybe, it was not the movie that was causing the smile.

I decided I needed to drop another piece of popcorn.

My next handful of popcorn was more than the usual half dozen or so pieces -- it really was a handful. And, somehow, another piece escaped my grasp and fell into her lap. I just ignored it and ate the popcorn in my hand, waiting for Sherry to say something. I didn't have long to wait.

"Are you going to leave that to stain my clothes?" It was too dark for me to see the teasing in her eyes, but I could still hear it in her voice.

"Well, I was concerned that others might see me digging into your lap and wonder what was going on." I had to chuckle after that comment, and she giggled in response.

"It's too dark for anyone to see," she whispered. I took that as permission to go after the popcorn, so I started digging. Again, I felt her curly hairs tickling the back of my hand, confirming what I had already discovered. But this time my hand didn't just brush her bush. This time my hand actually pressed into her hair, feeling the wetness that indicated just how turned on by this public display she really was. Still, I stopped at that limited contact, having found the popcorn and run out of an excuse. And this time, it wasn't my moan that others could hear.

The man in front of me actually turned his head a little, but not far enough to see anything. It was clear he had heard something suspicious but lacked the conviction or the courage to actually look to see what was going on. But the man who had looked over before looked again, and this time he took several seconds to see my hand in Sherry's lap, hidden by the bucket of popcorn.

I guess that small amount of contact and its limited observation wasn't enough for her, because Sherry took a piece of popcorn and obviously dropped it between her legs.

"Now I dropped a piece and I can't see it. Would you try to find it for me?" This was so obvious that I almost came in my pants. I hesitated long enough for it to appear as if I was reluctant to go after the popcorn, and then I reached into her lap. And I never even looked for the popcorn. I took my time and firmly pressed the back of my hand against her pussy, and then moved it around, gently massaging her pussy lips. She was so wet that I was afraid my hand would slip into her pussy and disappear. Actually, afraid was not the word -- it wasn't fear but hope that was in my heart. I gently and then firmly rubbed the back of my hand against her juicy cunt, and she made no attempt to stifle her moan.

Sherry and I had been dating for about a month, long enough for me to take her to dinner several times, and to the movies a few times. But so far, we had not had sex. We had kissed many times. And we had four serious make out sessions, acting like teenagers with roaming hands, and those four times lasted at least two hours altogether. I had squeezed her boobs through her blouse and toyed with her hard nipples without going inside her blouse. And I had only touched her pussy through her jeans, playing with it only as much as the stiff denim material had allowed. I had slid my hand down her pants just far enough to get a good feel of her bush, but I had been stopped from going any farther by a phone call. So we had not accomplished very much in the few weeks we had been dating.

But tonight, she seemed ready to go much farther. Not only was she giving me a clear and open invitation to play with her pussy, but she was doing this in a public place where others could see us. Obviously, Sherry was much more adventurous than I had believed.

Maybe there was something to be said for taking things slow...

I was so turned on by this that I could barely breathe.

I am certain I felt the kernel of popcorn as I moved my hand around, but I have no memory of that. Instead, I remember the feel of her curly bush tickling the back of my hand, and the feel of her juices as I caressed her pussy. I was totally lost in the ecstasy of playing with her pussy when she moaned just loud enough to break through my fantasy and into my thoughts. And, of course, loud enough for everyone around us to hear.

I jerked my hand back so fast that everyone watching would know what I had just been doing. The popcorn bucket was almost sent to the floor, grabbed at the last second by the same hand that Sherry had made so wet a second earlier. I thought after the fact that if I had slowly withdrawn my hand, I would have never bumped the popcorn bucket and no one would really be sure what I was doing. As it was, my quick action clearly revealed both my clumsiness and my guilt to everyone watching. And it seemed that everyone in the theater was watching.

And this all turned me on even more!

After several seconds to allow our breathing to slow back down to normal, Sherry leaned into my ear and whispered something. I leaned closer and she repeated it.

"I think the man in front of you knows what you were doing." I couldn't believe it, but she almost giggled as she whispered.

"I think everyone within twenty feet of us knows what I was doing." At this, she almost gasped, covering her mouth with one hand.

"Do you really think so?" The hand covering her mouth couldn't stifle the giggle. I was a little irritated.

"Do you think this is funny? Management could kick us out for that, and maybe even have us arrested. That is not funny at all." She responded by leaning into me and licking my earlobe.

"No, but it IS exciting, don't you think?" And she licked my ear more thoroughly. Then she grabbed my right arm with both her hands and pulled it firmly against her left breast.

"This is making me so wet!" And her voice just oozed sex.

"I noticed," I commented in return, with more than a little sarcasm.

"Did you really? Was I that wet?" I decided that we had already crossed just about every boundary possible, so I went a step further. I lifted my right hand enough for the light from the movie to make her wetness on my fingers almost sparkle. As far up as my wrist was clearly wet. Sherry giggled again. I wasn't sure if it was her wetness that caused her to giggle or if it was the guy in the row in front of us looking over his shoulder that caused her giggles. But it was clear that I should never have lifted my hand because it glistened wetly for several of the people around us to see. Suddenly, what was a quiet and personal activity became very public. I heard several quiet chuckles in response.

And it turned me on even more!

Shit! Am I that much of a pervert that I get off on people watching me play with my girlfriend's pussy? My silent question went unanswered and I had to chuckle myself. I held off eating any more popcorn for a few minutes.

"Are you finished eating popcorn? There is an awful lot left and I would hate to see you waste your money." Sherry's question was more of an invitation and I couldn't stop the grin that formed on my face. I looked at her and she was smiling, too. Oh, well... Tough job, but somebody has to do it. Another grin accompanied that worn out comment, silent as it was. I shrugged my shoulders and reached for some more popcorn.

This time, I made it obvious that I dropped a kernel of popcorn into that soft and warm playground I had discovered between her thighs. I sensed rather than heard another giggle, indicating that she was enjoying this game as much as I was. Of course, I had already discovered that, based on the amount of juices that she was producing for me to enjoy.

I went looking for the vagabond kernel, trying to curb my enthusiasm. This time, I was going to enjoy getting my hand wet because I intended to taste her for the first time. I didn't even bother to look for the popcorn. For a split second, I tried to remember how many kernels were still lost, but almost immediately ignored the count. I inverted my hand, not wanting to get the back of my hand wet this time. I slid my fingers below her pussy, feeling her curly hair tickling my palm this time. I slowly moved my fingers in a circling motion, making sure my fingers got as wet as possible without actually entering her.

After at least a minute of this, with her stifling moans the entire time, I pulled my hand back from its warm and wet environment, holding it once again high enough for the light of the movie to sparkle off her juices. Then, ignoring the eyes watching my every move, I slowly inserted one, then two, then three fingers into my mouth, sucking them for several seconds and then licking each one of them clean. Sherry moaned again, and not so quietly. In fact, there were several moans coming from the people nearest us, not one of them attempting to hush their noises.

I guess I am not the only one here being turned on by all this. I grinned again at my silent comment. I looked around at the several sets of eyes watching us, noticing only lust and even interest, but no sign of alarm. This was good, because it suggested that no one was in a hurry to call for management and have us kicked out. And it convinced me to look for some more of the missing popcorn.

I reached into her lap again. As my fingers touched her bush, I gently stroked her lips, causing them to part slightly and release a stream of her juices onto the theater seat. I hoped no one would sit here when we left -- I wouldn't want them to soak their clothes. But as thoughts of someone soaking their clothes in Sherry's juices came and went, I noticed my cock getting much harder at the vision.

God, this is turning me on so much! My silent comments were becoming more of a conversation, causing me to chuckle again. I looked at Sherry and saw a question in her eyes, so I decided to answer her honestly.

"I cannot believe that we are doing this. And I cannot believe how much this is turning me on!" I smiled at her in reassurance as she showed more than a little interest. "Seriously! You have me so turned on at the moment. I was about to cum in my pants twice already." She nodded quickly.

"I already came once. It was a small one, but it was really good." She looked up at me with another question in her eyes. "Would you like some more popcorn?" The look of lust that she gave me was awesome, and very motivating.

"No, I think I have had enough popcorn." She looked so disappointed that I almost felt like apologizing. Instead, I removed the popcorn bucket and placed it on the seat to my left. Then I reached under her skirt and started playing with her in earnest. I pushed a finger inside her for the first time. She was so wet that I tried two fingers, and she easily accommodated me. Another moan escaped her and she made no attempt to muffle its volume. I looked around and saw at least a dozen eyes watching us, all with lust lighting them up.

"I think we have an audience." This was my first comment in more than a whisper. I decided that if they were going to watch, I didn't need to be quiet any longer. Sherry looked around at her audience, and then she looked at me with the biggest smile I had ever seen on her face. Her eyes were shining and her mouth formed a large "ooohh," but she made no move to stop me. As I played with her pussy, I looked beyond her to the two couples sitting to our right, next to the isle. The woman sitting closest to us got up from her seat and slowly made her way past the five seats separating us to sit down next to Sherry.

"Do you mind?" She asked permission very sweetly, looking into Sherry's eyes.

"Well, I'm not..." Sherry started to comment but the woman interrupted her.

"Well, I'm not either. But you two are acting out my favorite fantasy, and I just wanted a better look. Is that okay?" She looked to be about forty, and her eyes were big as saucers as she watched. Sherry nodded, and then surprised me by reaching over and taking the woman's hand. As for me, I never broke stride, gently thrusting my fingers in and out of her sopping pussy quickly enough that I was making a sucking sound with every stroke.

By this time, the man in front of me had turned around and was watching us with no attempt at subtlety. Sherry would look up at him every few seconds and smile, and then would close her eyes again and enjoy what I was doing.

I felt an unexpected movement under my arm and looked down. The man sitting behind me was leaning forward in his seat. He had reached over Sherry's left shoulder and under my right arm, gently massaging her left breast. Her C-Cup boob was being squeezed and massaged by a stranger's hand, and she looked down at it for a couple of seconds. Then she closed her eyes again and simply enjoyed all the attention she was getting. In only a few seconds, the man's right hand joined the playful massage, squeezing both her boobs at the same time.

With two boobs and her pussy being stimulated, Sherry was moaning nonstop, and it was getting loud enough to assure that all eyes around us were on her. Her skirt was bunched up at her waist, giving everyone a clear view of her hairy pussy and my fingers disappearing inside that pussy.

My dick had never been so hard in all my life, and I was sure that there were several other hard dicks nearby. In fact, it looked like the man sitting in front of us had his dick out and was jerking off as he watched what I was doing to Sherry, from the way his shoulders were moving. The woman who had moved next to Sherry was massaging her own rather large boobs with both hands, her eyes never leaving Sherry's pussy. The movie seemed to have been forgotten by at least fifteen people, as they were treated to entertainment much more exciting than what was on the screen.

I had never had sex in public, and I could not believe how much this was turning me on. I was playing with my hard cock through my pants, glad that I had worn dress pants in a soft cotton blend rather than the tough jeans I usually wore. It was frustrating that my pants were zipped and my cock was still inside, but the small amount of stimulation I was getting was better than no stimulation at all.

Sherry had unbuttoned her blouse most of the way, and one hand had disappeared inside, joined almost immediately by one of the hands from the stranger behind us. From the movement under her blouse, I could tell that she was playing with one of her breasts while he was playing with the other. Since I could see no sign of a bra, I assumed she had decided on no underwear at all for our trip to the movies, suggesting that she might have planned all this before we ever left home. That thought raised the level of my excitement even more, and I moaned almost as loud as Sherry was moaning.

The woman who had moved next to Sherry had unbuttoned her blouse, too, releasing both of her breasts for us to see. And she was playing with those big boobs, squeezing and almost viciously twisting her own nipples. Her moans were competing with Sherry's moans as a number of people watched the two of them playing with their breasts.

With me finger-fucking her, and a strange man's hands squeezing her boobs and twisting her nipples, and with a strange woman sitting next to her playing with her own boobs, the stimulation was finally too much for Sherry. She violently arched her back, stopped breathing, and went silent, her entire body trembling for at least ten seconds. Then she collapsed in her seat and loudly gasped as she forcefully inhaled. Her breathing was rapid and heavy, and my hand slowed its finger fucking to a slight and gentle motion. Then Sherry opened her eyes and looked around at the nineteen people who had gathered around us to watch the show.

Then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw two theater employees enter the back of the room and purposefully walk toward us.
