PHIL CAUGHT

BY PHIL MCCRACKEN

Part 8

Amber got home a little after eight pm. She ate dinner at
Melody's. She felt that she had to end her treatment of her
father. She wanted everything to be near perfect and she didn't
want him drinking. Tomorrow would be Friday; mom would leave for
work twenty minutes before Amber got home from school. Her
brother would be going to a ball game with some friends and a
party afterwards. His curfew was 12 Midnight and he wouldn't be
home until 11:59. So a sober daddy was essential to end the
estrangement. She walked in the house and looked around. All was
quiet. That was not good. She went to the den and there daddy was
slumped over his desk snoring. The smell of strong liquor hung in
the air like a cheap wind chime. She walked over to the desk and
wrote a note in large letters. It read:

Daddy, we have to talk. I'll be home at 3:30. Please don't make
any snacks and don't drink, please. I love you bunches.

She went upstairs to do her homework. It didn't take her to long
and by 9:30 she shut her book and put it and the work in her
backpack. The house was still quiet so she took the floppy disc
and popped it into the computer. She looked at the index and
chose, Laundry Room Punishment.

Phil had to drag Amber into the house. She had been amazingly out
of character at the mall. Phil needed to pay a bill that he
forgot about and it was due today. Once there Amber wanted to
stay at the food court, not for the food but to flirt with the
boys. Wow did she ever come out of her shell. Amber smiled at
that one. Phil rarely ever had to raise his voice to his daughter
but today she wouldn't respond if he had been using a bullhorn.
He hated to embarrass her in front of her friends but he had an
important call to make and needed his spreadsheets so the cell
phone wouldn't do. The only thing he could do was to grab her by
the arm and drag her to the car. Amber knew she messed up but for
some reason she just didn't want to co-operate. She deserves
whatever daddy's going to give her.

Inside the house Phil pushed his disobedient daughter into the
corner and told her if she moved he'd use the strap on her
well-shaped hinny. Amber was now frightened and hoped that this
would be the end of it. She heard him talking on the phone for
about twenty-five minutes. Thank goodness she had something to
occupy her mind otherwise the time would pass as slow as molasses
in winter. Come on daddy she's been bad. Blister her butt.

She heard her father get up and go into the laundry room and turn
on the dryer. Why the dryer? Phil walked up to Amber and from
behind, put his thumbs inside the waistbands of both her shorts
and panties and yanked them down to her ankles. Without a word he
picked her up and carried her to the sofa and put her across his
lap. This was a punishment spanking so WHACK! WHACK! SMACK! WHAP!
POW! WHACK! SMACK! POW!

Phil punished her for a good ten minutes. Amber was red from the
top of her buttocks to midway down her thighs. But he wasn't done
yet. Go Daddy Go! Phil carried her to the laundry room and sat
Amber on top of the now hot dryer.

"Wowww Daddy! Please it burns!"

"If you sit there for five minutes then I'll reward you. If you
try and get off, I'll spank you again and then hold you there for
fifteen minutes. Amber grit her teeth and stayed in place. After
two minutes Phil lifted her shirt and pulled her bra up. Those
lovely perky breasts plopped into his view.

"I'll help distract you." Phil said as he started to fondle her
nipples. I don't have breasts but I do have nipples. When he
started to suckle her Amber threw her head back and gasped. Phil
put his hand between her legs and started tickling her clitty.
Daddy I can only hope. When her five minutes was up, Phil lifted
and carried her back to the sofa. This time he laid her on her
back. Amber did not need prompting; she lifted and spread her
legs.

"Lap, slurp, swook." The sounds coming from between her legs
would have been distracting had it not been for her pussy being
so hot and engorged that she came within two minutes. So that's
why the dryer. As she lay there totally relaxed, Phil pointed his
finger at her and said, "Let that be a lesson to you." Yeah I'm
learning all right.

Amber turned off the computer and got ready for bed. She was
thinking about what happened today. Her hand went to her pussy
and started to rub. In bed she had the strange thought, "Is it
possible to rub away your clit?"

Phil read the note and was happy to know that he'd soon find out
what had caused Amber to act like that. He was very happy to see
the 'I love you bunches'. That meant so much to him.

The next day at school was spent in a distracted state but this
time she didn't look morose, she looked happy, even mischievous.
She and Melody shared English class together and all they had to
do was look at each other and they'd break out in the giggles.

At last the final bell rang and Amber scrambled for the school
bus. It didn't matter when she got there since the bus left at an
assigned time and she wouldn't get home any sooner.

Phil too was in a hurry. The client he had been working accepted
the medical insurance program and Phil had a lot of paperwork to
complete. Phil drove quickly and passed the school bus that Amber
was riding. She saw him whiz by and felt reassured that daddy was
in hurry to talk to her.

Phil was just inside the door going through the mail when Amber
came running in. She tossed her backpack onto the deacon's bench
and said:

"Daddy we have to talk but first I have to get cleaned up. I'm
stinky from gym. So please go and change, get comfortable. I'll
meet you in the living room in twenty minutes. Okay?"

"Sure Hun." Phil replied wondering what was up. He knew that she
didn't have gym on Fridays. He went to his room and changed into
comfy clothes and watched CNN until Amber was ready to talk. True
to the female form Amber's twenty minutes turned into forty-seven
minutes.

Amber walked into the living room fresh and clean from a shower.
Her hair was now worn down instead of the perpetual ponytail. She
was dressed only in a short silk kimono that came down to mid
thigh. She sat down across from her father and as she did, with a
little practice, managed to have the kimono opened. She sat with
her legs a bit spread, revealing her feminine charm. The position
was rather unlady like. Phil saw his daughter's pussy and looked
away.

"Daddy please look at me."

Phil looked his daughter in the eye.

"Daddy, first I want to say I'm sorry for treating you the way I
have all week."

"Honey, what did I do that made you so angry?"

"I read your stories."

"My stories?"

"The Phil & Amber series."

Phil lowered his head and blushed. "Honey I didn't mean"

Amber cut him off and said, "Daddy I was wrong in reading them. I
ignored your privacy. I'd be mad if you read my diary. I didn't
know what to think. At first I thought that was what you want to
do to me. Then I realized that you did."

"I never spanked you or tied you up or.." Phil drifted off.

"No you didn't but because of you, I'm not shy or overly modest
(This coming from a girl sitting near naked in front of her
father). I'm a pretty good student because of the time you spent
with me. You got me all sorts of training tapes and made games
out of them. All the good stuff in my life comes from you. Melody
and I talked.."

"YOU TOLD MELODY!?"

"Yes. I even let her read your stories. She's the one that
pointed out all the good things. She loved the stories.
Especially 'The Birthday Present'." Amber stood up and let the
kimono fall from her shoulders to the floor yet she held on to
the sash. She walked over to her daddy and sat in his lap.

She put the sash in his hand and said, "If you want to tie me up
go ahead. You want to spank me, go ahead but please do all the
other things you wrote about."

"But what if you don't like it?"

"Eh. I asked Melody to tie me up and she did. I asked her to
spank me and boy did she ever. She then went down on me. I hated
being hogtied. I hated the spanking even more. But they made the
sex so good it was worth it." With that she hugged her father's
neck. Then she gave him a kiss. When they broke she said,

"School lets out for summer in two weeks. Maybe we can go to a
nudist resort."

"Your mother would throw a fit."

"I don't want mom to come with. We wouldn't want her to interfere
when you have to take me into the woods to discipline me. By the
way Melody would like to come with.

The End

