 Payback - Part I - Sarah

   It had only been two nights since it happened.  That event that had
forced Sarah to stay in on Saturday night.  She was scared that her and her
friends would be caught, then she saw the identity of the man they hit that
night and killed.

   "Serial rapist victim of hit and run" the newspaper said.

   Sarah was a good girl, probably the most innocent of her and her friends
that were in the car 48 hours ago.  T-shirt and jeans girl at that.  She
didn't like what happened, but, even with her personality, she began to
feel less guilty when she saw who the man was that Britney's car hit and
killed.

   After reading the story, she logged onto her Myface page and started
typing a message to Brit.

   "Did you see the paper today?!" Sarah typed to her friend, who she knew
was at work at the BBQ place with a couple hours left.

   "I know." Brit's message box replied a couple minutes later.  "Glad we
didn't get caught.  Especially, for hitting a perverted slime like that."

   Sarah could hardly believe her eyes.  She felt immensely guilty over
what happened and she wasn't even driving.  "I can't believe you said that,
Brit." She shook her head.  "A man is dead."

   Brit's box stayed silent for a couple minutes.  "Piece of shit like that
should have been killed already."

   Sarah just sighed to herself.  Part of her felt that Brit had a point,
but she didn't like that kind of thinking.  "Whatever, I have to get ready
for bed.  See you tomorrow."

   Sarah quickly logged off her Myface page and walked away from the
computer, grabbed her nightshirt and left the room.

   As the door shut behind her, the screen on her computer flickered.

   Fifteen minutes later, the 16-year-old girl walked back into her room.
"Goodnight mom," she called over her shoulder as she shut the door and
locked it.  She turned around, her curly ponytail spinning and almost
hitting her glasses.  Her loose nightshirt spun, too, as it came midway
down her lightly tanned thighs.  As she spun, anyone in the room would have
saw the backs of the tops of her slender thighs, but nothing of what was
underneath the shirt.  She was conservative after all.

   She walked over to her bed and pulled back the covers.  She turned
around and looked at her computer, stunned at the site that was showing.

   "Serial rapist victim of hit and run"

   She shook her head and walked to the computer.  "I know I closed that
dang site," she said to herself, sitting down.  The guided the mouse and
clicked the "x" in the top right corner of the screen.  The site closed and
she got up and pushed her chair back against the computer table.

   But, she turned around, then back, thinking she should go ahead and turn
off the monitor and saw the site was up again.

   "What the heck?" She pulled her chair back and sat back down.  "That
news site better not have gave my comp a virus."

   As she started to click the site off again, her Myface came up with a
strange message.  "Hello, Sarah." from a user named Daemon.

   She was stunned, but decided to see if this was causing her computer to
act up.  "Are you messing with my computer?"

   "Yes."

   The rapid answer shocked the young teen, and angered her a little. 
"Well, stop it!  It's not funny!"

   The next response sent a chill down Sarah's spine.  "I think its almost
as funny as vehicular homicide."

   Her eyes widened.  "This is soo not funny, whoever you are." She looked
at the clock on the wall, the second hand having stopped.  Odd.  "Who is
this anyway?!"

   Instead of a response, the news site popped up.  Sarah quickly clicked
it off.  "Trying to avoid the truth of what you did?"

   Sarah began to panic.  The young teen got up and tried to leave her
room, but, oddly, her doorknob would not turn.  "What the hell?" she said
out loud.

   As she tried to force her door open, a strange, dark voice filled the
room.  "Hell is close, Sarah." Laughter followed.  "It's hard to open the
door when only you are NOT frozen in time."

   Sarah continued to struggle, almost ready to break out in tears.  "This
is not happening.  I must be having a nightmare."

   Laughter again filled the room.  "Oh, the nightmare is just beginning
Sarah." The room grew colder.  "Scream all you want, no one will hear you."
The young teen continued to struggle.  "I must say, I like you much better
dressed like this."

   Sarah stopped struggling with the door and frozen for a moment.  As she
stood there with her back to the computer, she felt something grab the
bottom hem of her night shirt and flip it up.  "What the fuck?!" she
screamed, not caring that she swore.  The shirt bunched around the top of
her red bikini panties, the bottom of her pale asscheeks hanging out below
the fabric.

   Sarah spun around, tugging her shirt back down over her lower body. 
"Don't touch me!  Who are you?" As soon as her words left her mouth, she
was forced back hard against the door, hitting her head enough to stun her
on her feet.  Her eyes fluttered open, seeing no one in the room with her.
"Where are you?"

   The young teen was practically to the door as the voice began to speak
again.  "Why, Sarah, I am all around you." The voice laughed.  "As for
touching you...I am going to do a lot more than that."

   Sarah felt paralyzied, as much as she wanted to move and run she
couldn't.  "Please...please...just leave me alone." She felt a cold hand
upon her cheek.  The hand slid back behind her and undid her ponytail, her
curly dark hair fell down to her shoulders.

   The voice's snickering filled the room.  "There, I like that better."
The hand moved back to her cheek then towards her eyes.  "You won't be
needing these." The hand pulled Sarah's glasses from her face and tossed
them across the room.

   Sarah heard her glassed hit the desk across the room.  "Please." Her
breath sped up.  "I'll do anything.  Just don't hurt..." Her voice cut off
as she felt a knifelike finger press against her soft lips.

   "You're right, you will." The voice chuckled as the hand moved down to
her thin neck, tracing her neckline.  "But, for now, silence would be all I
demand from you." Sarah could see herself in the mirror across the room
from her door.  She felt the finger tug at the collar of her loose
nightshirt.

   Sarah watched in terror as the collar of her nightshirt began to tear,
as though it were being cut.  Being without her glasses would not spare
Sarah from witnessing what was going to happen to her.

   The tear her shirt spread lower, slowly exposing her cleavage as the
tear went towards her flat stomach.  Fortunately for you blushing teen, the
shirt was able to cling to her b-cup breasts, allowing her to maintain her
modesty - momentarily.  As the cut tore through the bottom of her shirt,
leaving it fluttering like a jacket, Sarah hung her head, not wanting to
see any more.

   The voice laughed again.  "Oh, we're shy huh?" A chuckle followed.  The
hand returned to her face, forcing her head back.  "No way I am going to
let you miss the big reveal."

   A tear fell from Sarah's eyes as she felt the hand turn into a pair and
move down to the torn top of her nightshirt.  "Oh god..." She moaned and
closed her eyes as she felt the t-shirt fabric pull back away from her
shoulders and fall to the ground, leaving her standing there in just her
red bikini panties.

   The voice chuckles again as Sarah felt ghostly eyes looking up and down
her young, near-nude frame.  Tears streamed from her closed eyes.  She
slowly opened her eyes, hoping to awaken from this nightmare, but she was
only met with the image of her panty-clad body in the mirror across the
room.  Her shoulders where lightly tanned with near-white straps where her
one-piece suit covered.  A thin girl, her collarbone stuck out.  Her arms
were pressed slightly out to the side, causing her high-sitting B-cup
breasts to stand proud, as they heaved with fear.  The pale white skin
moved up and down as her breathing speeds up.  The coldness of the ghostly
air around her caused her eraser-sized pink nipples to instantly harden. 
Her lips trembeled as she heard the voice fill the room again.  "Who would
have thought you had such a nice set of tits, Sarah." The cold pair of
hands traced her collarbone before sliding down onto the soft, but firm
mounds of flesh.

   Sarah's cries intensified as the cold hands groped her newly bared
breasts.  No one had ever touched her before and she didn't want this to be
the first time.  "Please...I'm begging you...leave me alone." She forced
her eyes closed as she felt the hands slide down her waist.  The young teen
was too scared to look down as she felt tugging begin on the sides of her
panties.

   Again, the voice chuckles, then seems to move closer as Sarah is pressed
tighter against the door.  "Now, I think we both know that is not going to
happen." A finger ran across her trembling lips as she feels her feet being
forced apart on the floor.  "I am going to enjoying fucking your sweet
little body." As the words echo through the room, the sides of Sarah's
panties snap and the torn fabric fell to the floor.

   Paralyzed, all Sarah could do was cry as the last of her clothing fell
to the floor, leaving her naked form bared to her in the mirror across the
room.  "Please...I've never..." Again, a finger ran across her mouth,
stopping her words.

   The other hand slowly traced over from her left hip towards her pubic
mound.  "That makes it even better." The hand slid through the soft, thick
patch of black hair right above the teen's virgin slit.  Sarah's head began
to dart back and forth as her feet left the ground, sliding her up the
door. "I'll try to be gentle." When her body stopped moving up, her legs
spread, baring her virginity to her ghostly attacker.  Sarah's eyes widened
as she felt something press underneath her and against her virginal folds.
"But, I wouldn't count on it if I were you."

   Sarah's crying turned into a fearful, near-silent wail as her mouth
dropped open as she slid slightly down the door.  "Noooo..." She forced her
eyes closed as she felt something cold invade the most private of her body.
The pain shot through her as her slender body is invaded by the entity. 
"Please...stop...it...hurts..." Her words broke as the gradual motioning
rape began.

   The voice moaned in pleasure.  With each thrust, Sarah's body bounced,
her young breasts seeming to jump up and down in time.  Her thighs, spread
wide with her stretching pussy exposed, jiggle with each thrust as well. 
The teenager's arms are stretched out to the side.  "Guess your friend Brit
should have been more careful, huh, Sarah." Those revealing words were
followed by the hardest thrust of the ordeal.

   Those words echoed through the room and Sarah's eyes flew up.  "You
can't be..." The painfully hard and deep thrust silenced the teenager,
forcing eyes shut in pain.  "I saw you die..." Another deep thrust cut off
her words as she felt something grab her hair and pull her head back.

   The entity impaled the young teen for a moment.  The next words seemed
to come only an inch or two from Sarah's tear streaked face.  "I guess a
killer like you deserves to be treated like a piece of ass." Sarah's hand
instinctively tried to push the hand away from her hair.  The voice laughed
at her feeble effort.  "No use in fighting now towards the end, Sarah."
Sarah could feel the ghostly breath on her face.  "I am almost done with
you." With those words, Sarah's head slammed back into the door and she
black out, going limp against her rapist.

   The teen's body hung limp against the door as her rape resumed.  The
played out in the mirror across from Sarah made for an interesting visual.
Her head slumped foward, laying on what looked to be an invisible shoulder,
her hair hung down.  Her arms fell limp at her side as her firm mid-sized
breasts bounced with each thrust into her no-longer virgin pussy.  Her
whole body shook, in fact, with each ghostly thrust.  A final, deep thrust
caused her body to jump even more and the young teen slid down the door,
hitting the floor with a plop.

   Sarah's body slumped against the door.  Her head laying down towards her
upper body, the long hair covered her face, the ends barely touching the
tops of her young, barely-rising breasts.  Her legs splayed out wide, the
carpet began to darken with a liquid look beneath her raped, gaping pussy.
The young teen moaned as she started to wake from unconsciousness. 
"Uh...no...no...more...please...leave me alone..." The teen didn't notice
her hair raise up as if being pulled.  Her body was slowly lifted by her
curly hair, raising to where her feet just touched the floor.

   Sarah could feel the entity looking her up and down.  Her body was limp
in its grip, the rape having exhausted her.  "It's almost over for you,
Sarah." Her body turned, as if spun by a breeze, to where she faced her
bed. With a slight push, she was facedown on her bed.  Sarah's arms fell
out limp at her sides, stretched towards both ends of the bed.  Her head
turned facing the footboard of the bed, tears still coming from her
bloodshot eyes, her hair partly covering her features.  The moon lit the
dark bedroom, shining its light off her bare back.  The teenagers bare ass,
curved into a slight but skinny bubble, stuck up slightly in the air. 
"Hmm...this looks even nicer without the panties."

   Sarah shivered as she felt the icey touch.  The hands slid down her back
and onto the rounded cheeks of the teen's ass.  Broken by her rape, all
Sarah could do was cry.  She barely reacted as she felt the hands spread
her cheeks, exposing her light brown anus.  She cried out louder, whaling
as she felt something cold pressing against her asshole.  "Nooo...ugh..."
Her voice broke as her asshole spread open to allow the entrance of the
ghostly intrusion.  Her sobbing groans filled the room as the pace of her
anal rape quickened.

   The moans were not exclusive to the defeated victim.  The entity seemed
to moan as it invaded the teenager's ass.  "Nice and tight." The sounds of
the rape - the rattling of the bed, Sarah's breasts slapping back and forth
- filled the room.  Sarah's tearful screams were mixed in that, especially
as the last thrust seemed to totally impale the young teen as she felt
cold, wetness shoot into her bowels.

   The rape ended and Sarah collapsed on the bed.  However, she did not
remain there as the entity lifted her up, carrying her by the neck over to
the mirror where she had witnessed her inital rape.  Though the entity
seemed to be in front of her, Sarah could only see her own raped body in
the mirror.  "W-w-why are you doing this?  What do you..." Sarah's words
were cut off as she felt something tight grip her throat.  She felt herself
being lifted off the floor.

   The voice laughed again.  "It's payback, really." Sarah struggled for
air as she watched herself fight for her life, futilely in the mirror.  Her
legs kicked as she was about a foot and a half off the floor.  Her breasts
rose and fell as she fought, jiggling as she struggled.  Her hands grabbed
at whatever had ahold of her throat, but could grasp nothing.  She was not
a strong girl before and she was even weaker after being raped in both her
pussy and ass.  "First you..." Her legs slowed as the seconds of her life
passed away.  "Then your friend Brit." The voice laughed as Sarah's arms
dropped to her side as the last vestages of life started to slip from her
young, raped body.  Her eyes start to roll into the back of her head. 
"Then, that other girl..."

   Sarah's eyes forward for a moment.  "He knew she was there?!" She
thought to herself as her mind began to fade.  "She was in the backseat."
Her life faded more.  "But she's only..." That last, silenced thought was
her last as her head slumped forward and her breathing stopped.  Her now
lifeless body hung there in midair for a moment as the entity laughed
before it dropped to the floor with a thud.

   Sarah's raped, lifeless body laid there for a moment before it slowly
started to slide across the room to the wall across from her bed.  A pair
of hooks were screwed into the wall where she hung her clothes.  Her body
was lifted up and placed on those hooks, each underneath one of her arm
pits.  Her hair twisted around a nail behind her head, causing her to stare
forward in death.  "One down, two to go." The voice said as it faded,
leaving Sarah's lifeless body hanging on her bedroom wall.  Sarah's eyes
showed defeat and blankness, her mouth dropped open.  Her arms hung
lifeless below her, the hooks the only thing holding her up.  Her young,
firm breasts ceased movement, her nipples softening in death.  Her flat
stomach was sunk in slightly, the lower part of her ribcage exposed.  The
patch of black pubic hair on her mound was matted against her skin, still
somewhat damp from her initial rape.  Her raped vagina slowly sank back to
its normal look as her legs dangled beneath her.
