In a way I guess that I have always been somewhat jealous of my twin sister Lena. All of our lives she's been the one with confidence and the strength to get whatever she wants. Though we have the same face, same cocoa colored skin, and same attractive brown eyes her beauty has always been more pronounced than my own.
Lena's the "fun one" the one with a million face book as well as real friends and the one who has guys perpetually falling over themselves to spend time in her company. I have been called everything from the "quiet twin" to the serious one who, (god forbid), would rather be reading a book than out partying. I've always thought it a kind of blessing that Lena and I do not go for the same type of guys. Well at least not until Nicholas.
Nicholas is tall with dark hair. If he had been born centuries ago, he would most definitely have been some type of warrior. His golden sun-kissed skin speaks of his Greek heritage while his eyes are a startling hazel that can seem either green or brown depending on his mood. His eyes are very kind most of the time but I have seen them make him look wild and completely untamed. I can only assume that's what drew Lena to him. On the surface he's all conservative looking suits and a computer geek.
Both Lena and I have known Nicholas for years. He and I have been friends while she tolerated his presence for my sake, which was why I was so shocked when I found out that they were engaged after secretly dating for a few weeks. Lena's track record with guys in no way helped me to have any confidence that she was marrying him for the person he is. It was more like she'd found out how much he was worth. Of course he wasn't the first wealthy man to get tangled in the web that is sometimes my twin sister and I didn't understand why one of my closest friends would keep something so pertinent away from me. All I knew for sure was that I'd gone away, out of state to interview for a possible job and when I got back they were engaged.
I buried all of my thoughts on the matter to smile happily at their wedding. I found the hardest thing to do that day was tear my eyes away from my soon to be brother in law. My attraction to Nicholas was very confusing and so inappropriate I didn't know how to handle it. I was suddenly wanting things from him that I had no business wanting, None! It got so bad for me after the wedding that I was relieved when they moved something like a thousand miles away a couple of months later.

Every year they throw a huge celebration around their anniversary and every year I have found some excuse to not be able to go. There are times when I have to see them and those times are more than enough to have to deal with without volunteering to have to lie and pretend that everything is normal for me.
This year the invitation came early and in a simple white envelope. My masochistic side would not let me simply throw it out. No. I had to open it read it and wish like hell that I wanted the two of them to be as happy as they seemed. At least that's how it had been the past four years.
After bracing myself for the usual sting I opened the envelope. Inside there was a single piece of folded paper. It looked more like a journal entry that had been recklessly torn from its book and just as carelessly stuffed into this envelope, as if her decision to send it had been spontaneous and spare of the moment. At the bottom she'd asked me to come see her immediately and of course I was on the next flight out.

"No way. No fucking way."
I yelled at my twin as we stood in her husband's study with the door locked while she detailed her reason for asking me to come. And god this was so like her.
"I cannot believe that you are cheating on Nicholas" I hissed at her.
"Well I—what's with the outrage?" Her eyes narrowed on me hotly. "It's not the first time."
"You're married" I enunciated loudly at her.
"Which is why I need your help" she snapped back.
"This guy—he's different." Her eyes traveled around the room looking everywhere but at me.
"Different How?" I demanded.
"Let's just say he doesn't know how to take no for an answer."
My heart rate increased in concern. "Is he—Has he threatened you in some way?"
"No—Its—he just. Look. All I need for you to do is to go out with him to this thing he's invited me to and after it's over dump him for me."
Not this again. "Lena", I said knowing my eyes were shooting fire at her.
"Stacy" she mimicked in the same tone with a roll of her eyes.
This was so not going to end well!