Victoria's Exposed on DIY day out
byPortsmouthboy©

Victoria's day trip to DIY centre.

Another boring weekend approached, Victoria and I had to go out and pick up some bits at B&Q, as we planned to do some bits in the garden later that day.

I was feeling extremely horny, mainly due to the fact she didn't have a bra on, clearly showing her hard nipples as she walked, on her bottoms she had a pair of short shorts that were loose at the top.

As we were walking around the store, I kept grabbing her tits and pushing my hand down the back of her jean shorts, pulling her white thong out the top of her shorts for anyone to see. She kept pushing my hand away, but in the end, she got fed up so we walked around with my hand right down the back of her shorts filling her arse.

We did get a few strange looks from some people, but I managed to keep my hand down her pants, rubbing her arse hole a few times which she loves.

We brought a few bits in the store, at the till, the guys serving us couldn't take his eye's off Victoria's exposed nipples, she new this and started to blush.

As we got back to the car, I was as horny as fuck and I pulled out my cock in the car park for her to play with, but she wouldn't as it was to open and was worried that we would get seen.

We couldn't go back to our house as her brother was there, I told her I needed to fuck her, I drove us to a small car park which I hoped would be quite, there was only a couple of cars park in there so I pulled up at a corner near a bridal path.

I told Vic to remove her shots and thong, I wanted to go down on her and lick her pussy, she wasn't sure, in the end after a lot of complaining and me pushing, she put her seat back and took her shorts and thong off.

It was 11 o'clock in the morning and I climb over and got between her open legs, I started to lick her pussy, slowly running up and down her pussy lips. Her hole was getting wetter and wetter, I started to push my middle finger into her, then I pushed a second in her and started to finger fuck her and licking her exposed lips.

I lifted my head up and saw that my wife had pulled her top up, Vic had her eye's closed and was playing with her erect nipples. I heard a few noises around the car but didn't look up, after about 10 minutes my wife started show signs of cumming, I started to lick faster and push my fingers in her quicker. Vic started to cum all over my face, my fingers were deep up her, I looked up and there were two cars parked a few meters away, one had nobody in it, I guest they must have had to walk passed us, but in the other was a guy of about 40.

Vic still had her eyes closed and one leg on the dash board and her cunt very wet, enjoying her orgasm.

Quickly I pulled my jeans down and took my cock out, I slid up and aimed my cock into her wet hole, I started to fuck her, as I was pumping her I looked up to see the guy standing outside his car, looking in at us, Vic kept her eyes shut as I carried on fucking her, then another car pulled up, a man got out with his dog and started to walk over, this made me pump Vic even faster,

I pulled her top right up and sucked her nipple, as he got closer I lifted myself up so as he could get a better look, both men could see of her tits and erect nipples, he look right in and saw her tits going up and down, both men stood there watching me fuck the shit out of my wife.

I couldn't last any longer and shot my load right into her soaking wet hole, she was breathless and still had her eyes closed. I signalled to the guys to go, which they did.

As I climb off her two gentlemen dog walkers past just in time to see her stretched out on the front seat, she quickly pulled her top down then noticed the car parked closed to us, she looked at me and wasn't happy, I just laughed and said it didn't matter he had watched, I grab her white thong and flashed it to our viewer, he smiled at her, she just put her shorts on and told me to drive, I opened the window and asked the guy if he enjoyed the show, he laughed and said, Its much better than bloody DIY!!

