Red Pixie and the New Blue Dress
byChrisyCrossy©

Here I am in my sexy blue dress. I love this dress. My husband has taken me on a lovely weekend getaway to the coast, and all I have to wear are these two, very tiny bikinis and this blue dress.

It is very sensuous, and the fabric is a soft, luscious stretch fabric with a subtle sheen. It is called a Biosphere Maxi Dress.

I have discovered that it is so much fun taking pictures on the balcony. It's very exciting when I am posing, and I can see people on other balconies and windows staring back at me! Earlier today I had tried on one of the tiny Wicked Weasel bikinis, which ended with my husband fucking me in full view of about twenty onlookers.

My husband had asked me to scream as he fucked me. He wanted the onlookers to hear how much I was enjoying being fucked in full view.

I remember how I screamed out loud as I had an earth-shattering orgasm. I remember how I felt myself being held in place against the plate glass window by Hubby's two hands as my weight was supported by his twitching hard cock that was still buried deep inside me.

Afterwards, Hubby had suggested that we go out for a drink with me wearing only the new blue dress.

"Ok," I replied, not really knowing what I had just agreed to. I could feel Hubby's cum dripping down my bare legs as I stood there next to the big plate-glass window.


TRYING ON THE DRESS

I stopped my husband in his tracks as I walked out onto the balcony wearing the new dress.

Let me describe it. The dress has a halter styled top where two panels tie together behind my flame-red hair. There is a thin elastic band that divides the top part from the skirt. There are two panels for the lower part of the dress.

The sexy part of this dress is that it is entirely backless. The front plunges to about the level of my navel. The two slits up my thighs open high above my waist.

I am proud of my firm 34C boobs, and this dress showed them off to perfection: my cleavage was visible from the front, and those people who love "side-boobs" will not be disappointed as there was plenty of side-boob on show.

I could adjust the knot behind my neck to raise where the elastic band sat. This would help cover my tits, but it would then raise the slits exposing my thighs. In the end, I compromised by adjusting the dress, so the elastic was level with my belly button.

I wore my wide-rimmed, grey sunhat. Luckily I had painted my nails with slate-blue coloured nail polish before I left home. That colour, along with the broad blue stripe on my hat, complimented the bright blue of the dress.

I was also lucky the light-tan slingback heels that I had worn also worked well with the dress. These were the only shoes I had with me.

Hubby picked up his camera and started to shoot some images of me posing on the balcony.

I started by placing my left hand on the skirt and showing Hubby how much thigh would be exposed by the dress. Turning slightly, I pulled the fabric entirely away from my arse.

"You look fabulous," said Hubby encouragingly.

"What is this dress going to be like in the wind?" I asked.

"It will be perfect!" was Hubby's reply.

I squatted slightly and then pulled the bodice open, revealing my pink areola and hard pink nipples.

I heard my husband take in a deep breath as I slowly lifted up the skirt panel to reveal my bald, pink pussy. It was still wet from our earlier lovemaking.

"God. You're gorgeous," whispered Hubby. "Let's go out for a walk," he suggested.

As I went inside, he stopped me momentarily. "I want to take a few images of you standing on the window ledge."

I placed one foot on the window ledge and adjusted the dress. My nipples were stopping the top from sitting right. As I removed my sunhat, I looked out over the road. From an apartment window just twenty metres away was a young couple watching me. I pulled the whole of the skirt away from my legs, making it evident that I was wearing nothing underneath the dress.

I then untied the bodice and let the top fall away from my chest. Turning to look straight at the voyeurs, I played softly with my hard nipples. I could hear the shutter of Hubby's camera rattle off a few images and knew that later today he would be posting these images online for everyone to see.

"Come on. Let's go for that walk along the beach," Hubby said, breaking my exhibitionist trance.

"I can't go out just wearing this dress!"

"Why not? It's no different to wearing it just now. Showing off to anyone who cares to look," was his reply.

"But that was on the balcony! This will be totally different," I pleaded.

"Do it for me," asked Hubby. "I like showing you off. Besides, no one knows you here."

"That's not the point."

"Come on. I think you will enjoy it," suggested Hubby. "Anyway, we can always come back to the apartment at any time."

"Oh, alright," I said reluctantly.


OUT IN PUBLIC

When we emerged from the elevator and walked out on the pavement, the first thing I noticed was the heat. Perhaps wearing this thin sundress was the right idea, after all.

We crossed the road in front of the apartment. I was relieved that there was a gentle breeze blowing from behind us, which meant that the dress was behaving itself; I wasn't going to be showing too much skin after all. The cool breeze also felt great.

We walked about a hundred metres down the promenade to the beach. The beach was excellent, with beautiful white sand.

"There are lots of girls in tiny bikinis," I exclaimed.

"You're the hottest babe on the beach,"

I just leant in and kissed him. Taking this as a lead, Hubby pulled me into a tight embrace and gave me a passionate kiss. His hands had slipped under the dress, and he was caressing my bare arse.

I could feel Hubby's growing hard-on press into me through his trousers. "Someone's getting excited!" I teased as I rubbed the front of his pants in encouragement.

"Pixie. I think you are gorgeous. You look so hot is this dress!" responded Hubby as he stared lovingly into my eyes. I just blushed at this lovely compliment.

I had to remove my heels as I walked on the fine sand.

The sun was beginning to set quite low over the ocean. Hubby turned to me and said, "The low sunlight makes your skin really glow." Unslinging his camera from his shoulder, he started to shoot some images of me.

I playfully danced around, holding onto my shoes as I spun around. I could hear the camera's shutter click in quick succession.

Hubby must have it set to take several shots in short bursts. I noticed that the dress was flying around in the wind as I spun.

It was quiet at this end of the beach: the other people had begun to move away as the day slowly came to an end.

He got me to stand facing the setting sun at the water's edge. He said, "Pixie. Lift up the front of your dress."

I did as he requested, and I heard him take in a sharp breath. "Oh, Pixie. You are beautiful," he whispered as I listened to the shutter click several times as Hubby took the last images for the day.

Letting the front of the dress drop back down, I smooched up to Hubby and asked to see the last images.

"Here, take a look," he said as he scrolled to one of the last images.

"What's the fuss?" I asked.

"I'll zoom in," he replied as he toggled some buttons.

The image shown on the back of the camera expanded to show my bare back. Hubby then moved the image down. "Oh my," I exclaimed as I clearly saw the outline of my bare pussy lips. The picture had captured the low setting sun streaming through the thin material of the dress. I could easily see my naked profile silhouetted against the vibrant light.

"Nice camel toe," said Hubby as he leant in for another kiss. His hand grazed my stiffening nipples that were now poking behind the thin material. I was beginning to feel quite horny.

I could feel the evening was going to be quite cold as the sun had finally set below the horizon. What I hadn't expected was for the breeze to develop as quickly as it had due to the land cooling down once the heat of the sun disappeared.

We walked back along the beach, and the building breeze was blowing my dress around. Earlier, I had been fortunate that the wind was blowing from behind us, but now, as we walked back, that advantage was lost. I tried to hold down the dress to stop it exposing my bare pussy to the few onlookers who remained on the beach.

Hubby was holding onto one of my hands quite firmly, and I needed to use the other hand to hang onto my shoes and floppy sun hat. I tried to prevent the dress from blowing out from my legs, but I was not doing a very good job of this.

Leaning over to me, Hubby whispered in my ear, "You look so hot. Let the breeze do its work."

I made a decision to just relax a little and stopped fighting with the wind. I know that several people got to see a treat we walked back along the beach.

It was a different matter once we got back to the promenade. The tall apartment buildings on the other side of the road funnelled and intensified the offshore wind so, while my dress had been blown around intermittently before, now I was fully exposed as we walked across the street. I literally stopped traffic!

I had put my heels back on once we were on the pavement again, but I still carried my sun hat. I could see several drivers stare at me as we slowly walked across the road. I think my Hubby had slowed down the pace deliberately!

To be honest, I was beginning to enjoy all the attention I was getting. I could feel my pussy getting wet as I walked in front of this audience.

Fortunately, the hotel was the second building in from the crosswalk, so my show ended quite quickly. Once in the lobby and out of the wind, I turned to Hubby and said, "That was so exciting." I gave him a big, wet kiss.


BACK IN OUR ROOM

We took the elevator back to our room where, once inside, I undid the knot behind my hair and let the dress fall to the floor. Turning to face Hubby, I stood there, naked except for my slingback heels.

"Pixie. You are so gorgeous," hissed Hubby as he gazed lovingly at me while getting undressed. He stood there with a beautiful hard-on pointing in my direction.

Hubby led me to the bedroom, where he made me kneel on the edge of the bed. He gently pushed me onto all fours and licked my wet, hot pussy as I arched my back to allow him easier access.

Hubby's nose was buried in my wet pussy as his tongue worked on my sensitive clit. I loved the way Hubby would always lick me to an orgasm and, due to feeling excited all afternoon, I knew I would soon be cumming.

"Oh, God, that feels so good," I panted. Hubby pushed two fingers in my slick pussy, and I could feel him rubbing the soft, spongy pad of my G-spot as he pressed down on the front wall of my pussy.

"I'm cumming . . . Don't stop," I pleaded. Hubby held me don as he kept plunging his fingers in my spasming pussy. "Oh God . . . Oh God . . . Oh God" was all I could say as my orgasm continued. Eventually, I had to pull away as my pussy was so sensitive after cumming.

Before I knew it, Hubby spun me over on my back in one quick move and grabbed the thin heels of my shoes. He pushed my legs up, so my knees were up on my chest.

I let out a loud moan as he spread my legs open and plunged his hard cock deep inside my still twitching pussy.

"Oh fuck . . . Oh fuck . . . Oh fuck," I screamed in time to Hubby's assault on my pussy.

I reached up with my hands and gently caressed Hubby's hard nipples. I know he loves it when I do this.

"Oh. Pixie. That feels so nice," mumbled Hubby as he continued to fuck me relentlessly.

I could feel his cock begin to swell up, so I knew he would be cumming soon.

"Argh. Oh . . . Argh" Hubby moaned as I pinched both nipples. I felt my pussy fill up as he pumped his hot seed into me.

I pulled him down onto me as I gave him a big hug. "I love you," I whispered in his ear as his cock twitched inside me.

"I love you, too." Was his breathless reply.
