Sherri At The Train Station
by WickedNaughtyThoughts

Sherri will do anything to get her clothes back.

I ran into Sherri tonight at the train station. She was a student dancer who I'd worked with last year.

She's 24, and stands about 5' 5" or so, with long kinky dark hair, and a slightly middle eastern look to her. She has a beautiful face, with wine coloured lips and dark eyes.

She had gold glitter on her head tonight, and was wearing black PVC boots. She'd been out clubbing and recognized me in the queue.

We chatted about how we were doing and what was going on, and I could tell she was teasing me. I let a bloke behind me go ahead so we could talk facing each other, and she said I was nice, and gullible. She had a look in her eyes that said that she was having fun with me, flirting.

She talked in a slightly pouty way, and I remembered my work with her, seeing her stretch before the dance performance, her legs wide apart as she stood on her shoulders, a little mound visible through her tight blue track suit bottoms. I'd done my best to keep from staring.

As I looked at her, standing in the queue for the taxi, I couldn't help but think how good my cock would look in her mouth, on that dark red tongue, between those dark red lips.

She said she was dying for a loo, and asked me if I'd help her out.

I asked her what she meant, and she took my hand and started walking with me towards the darker part of the car park.

"Stand guard for me," she said, "I've got to go really bad, and if I don't, I'll piss all over myself. Just keep an eye out."

We made our way around the corner of the building behind the station. There were still a few people visible in the Taxi queue, so we continued a bit farther.

Now we were completely out of their sight, in a dead-end alley, lit by one of the lights near the train tracks. We'd be visible if anyone was at the extreme west end of the platform, but otherwise not.

She noticed this, and stood on the other side of me, so that she would be hidden from anyone else on the platform.

"Stay there," she said. She took a step back, but didn't go far. If she did, she'd be seen around me.

"Damn these clothes," she said, "why couldn't I have worn a skirt?"

She said she was worried about pissing on her trousers, and boots, so she took her boots off, and stood barefoot.

She made me turn around, and then a few seconds later I felt her tap my shoulder.

"Hold these," she said. I looked over my shoulder, and she pushed my head back with her hand. Then she handed me her trousers and a g-string set of knickers.

I felt a stirring as I realized what I was holding.

She was completely naked from the waist down.

I heard a wet sound, and knew she was pissing.

I turned around completely, and looked at her.

She was facing me, squatting. Her pussy hair was neatly trimmed, I noticed, nothing but a tight mohawk of hair over some large labia that had a stream of piss shooting out between them.

She was watching the piss closely, to be sure it didn't get all over her feet, so she didn't look up right away.

All she was wearing now was a tight t-shirt. Her long coat lay on her boots just behind her.

Wow, she was a sight to see. Her thighs were dancer's thights, tight without an ounce of fat on them. Her stomach was covered, but I was sure it was flat. Her tits looked large in the shirt, and I could see the outline of a bra.

"You aren't as nice as I thought," she said, looking up as she finished.

She made no move to cover herself up; instead she moved back from the wet earth and put her feet on her coat. She still squatted, but had leaned back a bit. Now I could see her labia even more clearly, as her legs were wide apart.

"You've seen mine," she said, "Now I think I should get to see yours."

"Let's see the rest first," I said, curious to see what she'd do.

"All right," she said, "since you're holding my clothes hostage, I guess I don't have a choice anyway."

And she stripped off the shirt and bra.

Fantastic. Her body was a treasure. Tight and brown, with dark red nipples that were hard as rocks in the cold. She leaned back a bit, arching her back, and I looked at the play of muscle on her body. Perfect. Her tits arched up as well, and she looked at the ground behind her, spreading herself for my sight completely.

Double wow.

She then looked up at me, smiling slightly, pouting a bit.

"Now can I see yours?" she asked.

I shook my head.

"Please, then, can I have my clothes back?" she asked. She'd give me the bra and shirt too.

Her naked brown body shivered a bit in the cold as she knelt there before me.

"Turn around," I said.

She did, showing me her ass. It was great too, belling out from her body, perfect for gripping.

She seemed excited to be naked in front of me, with no way to cover up. She submitted to me completely, showing me her body all over, in various poses.

But she wanted more. She wanted to be teased too.

"I'll do anything to get my clothes back," she said, looking me straight in the eye.

I knew what she wanted.

"Come closer," I said.

She did, and I ran a hand down her body, cupping her left tit, and pinching its nipple. She moaned.

I wasn't going to touch her pussy yet, but reached another hand down to touch her ass. Fantastically muscular.

And I told her.

"You'll have to do what I want," I said, "because I have all your clothes."

She moaned slightly--this was plainly what she wanted me to do, show her that I was in charge.

"I'll do anything you say," she said.

And I felt her loving it, the giving up of the power, the submitting.

"Kneel down," I said, and she did, smiling.

I unzipped my fly and she stared straight at my crotch. She was waiting.

I slowly pulled out my cock.

It was engorged with blood, pulsing with my fast heartbeat.

She looked at it and opened her mouth, looking up at me.

I nodded.

She then took it in her hands, and pulled me inside her. It did good against her dark skin and blood red lips. Fantastic.

And she was a born cocksucker if ever I'd had one.

She sucked and fondled, and pulled my trousers down next. She thrust her mouth all the way down my shaft, gagging on it, and not giving up.

She fucked me with her mouth, pure and simple. It was fantastic, which was neither pure nor simple.

The complex feelings I had-my domination, her wanting me that way, and the fact that she'd manipulated me into doing it, all combined to make me want to fuck her so hard I couldn't stand it.

Throwing out every sexual caution I should have had, I told her to turn over.

She gasped, but obeyed. Then I spread her lips with my hand, and entered her from behind.

She was wet, but tight. She pushed back against me, as I fucked her, good and hard.

She moaned more now, and I grabbed her long hair.

Then I spat on my right thumb, and worked the saliva over her anus as I fucked her.

She moaned even harder then, telling me I was a bastard, and that she was sorry she'd ever talked to me, that she was being used like a whore by an uncaring male prick...

I told her she was a whore, that she wanted it as bad as I did, and that she was loving every second.

"You are a teasing bitch," I said, "and now I've got you where all teasing bitches should be, under my thumb."

So saying, I pushed hard with my wet thumb fucking her with it up the ass.

"Ohyeah!" she said, as one word, "I AM a bitch, I'm a FUCKING bitch, and I'm being FUCKED and FUCKED and FUCKED!!"

She shuddered, muscles clamping my dick, deep inside her pussy.

The power and the satisfaction had gotten to me too, and I came deep inside her, pumping her full of come. I didn't care that it might not be safe, I just didn't care.

I kissed her hard, my tongue tasting her. Then I made her lick my cock clean, and let her get dressed.

She was strangely shy after it all, not talking much.

She kept looking at me like I'd surprised her, and I guess I had. She did everything I said though, and I could tell she liked it.

After she got dressed she gave me her number. She looked at me and then looked down.

"Call me," she said, "Anytime - I'll come for you anytime."
