“AH, Good Morning, Beloved Sweetheart of my Eternal Rival! How are you on this Fine and Fresh Morning?”

Iruka looked up, more than slightly murderous. While the dog’s attitude was now very meek and no longer made any attempts at nipping at him any more (it had quickly learned that Iruka bit back and Iruka bit harder), it still kept creeping back in, looking more and more pathetic as the night wore on. Needless to say, Iruka didn’t get much sleep, so he was in absolutely no place to deal with the Prideful Beast’s stupid adjective-ladled speeches.

Gai slowed down, the cheerful expression gradually melting off of his face. He righted himself and dusted off his hands, coming up to the front of Iruka’s apartment.

The dog let out a small whine, as if it was asking Gai for help. Its bandages were wet from the morning dew and a puddle that Iruka had thrown it in and the blue vest and hitai-ate that it wore were wrinkled and starting to look bedraggled. Its red fur was no longer smooth or sleek or even clean anymore. All and all, it looked almost as miserable as Iruka felt.

Gai took in Iruka’s and the dog’s appearances. “Is my Eternal Rival Safe and Well?”

“How the hell should I know!” Iruka snapped. “He’s still on his bloody mission!”

“Ah.” Gai gestured at the dog. “I just saw Loyal Akaki-chan here”—the dog made a half-hearted growl at the suffix—“and I became Very Worried for my Eternal Rival’s Health.”

Iruka shut his eyes and took a deep breath. “This dog is Hatake’s?” His voice—despite all efforts—was tight. The dog cowered behind Gai, apparently hoping that the big man could be used as a meat shield when Iruka snapped.

Gai blinked in confusion, seemingly unaware that his life hung in balance. “Of course. I would recognise that marking anywhere.” He pointed at the design on the back of the dog’s vest.

Iruka frowned and looked again—henohenomoheji. How the hell did that—

It clicked.

‘Scarecrow’. That mark meant ‘scarecrow’, just like the fuckhead Kakashi’s name.

“I hope you won’t mind, but I’m going to kill that man when he gets back.”

Gai blinked again, and then proceeded to wake the entire complex with his big booming laugh. “Ah, Beloved Sweetheart of my Eternal Rival! Your humour is Youthful and Smart! If I find a Precious Person of my own, I hope that they will have a Delightful Sense of Humour that will Lighten and Brighten any situation that they are in, much like yours does!”

“I wasn’t joking. Me, I’m going to kill him dead.” Iruka borrowed a few grammatical things from the French to emphasis his point.

Gai only laughed harder. “Your Jokes are Hip and Modern! I can see how you have softened the Noble and Resolved Heart of my Eternal Rival!”

Iruka’s forehead twitched and he reminded himself that brutally killing Gai was a Bad Idea. No matter how Great it sounded now, it would only end Badly.

Damn it, now he was starting to sound like Gai! All the more reason to put the village out of its misery…

“Is there something I can help you with, Gai-san?” He asked, hating his life and hoping he could get rid of the green atrocity before he really did start murdering things. He could see Shizune lurking across the street, waiting until she could pounce.

“I am Glad that you asked that!” Gai did a shiny ‘good-guy’ pose. “I was Performing a Youthful Morning Task of Walking around our Fair Village on my Hands Backwards when I saw your Humble and Cosy Abode! I thought that you would be Lonely without your Treasured Love so I decided to stop by to make you feel Better and More Youthful!”—Iruka wasn’t even going to touch that one; damn his dirty and evil mind!—“I also thought if you had time later that you would join me for a Youthful Challenge!”

“I…I’ll see what happens.” Castrating Gai was also a Bad Idea, though it held a certain amount of a pleasure.

Iruka didn’t think it was possible, but then Gai’s smile got even brighter. “I Eagerly Await your Dramatic Arrival! Farwell, Precious Darling of my Eternal Rival! Farwell, Noble Protector of my Eternal Rival’s Lover!”

The dog appeared stricken when Gai ran off, flipping and returning to his backwards handstand run. It hunched down further, attempting to make itself a smaller target now that its meat shield was gone.

“Did Hatake leave you to watch over me to make sure that I didn’t try to flee the village?” Iruka asked darkly.

The dog shook its head sharply.

“Did he leave you to watch over me?”

The dog paused and looked lost for a moment. It finally shook its head.

“But he did leave you here with reasons that concerned me?”

The dog’s bandaged head nodded.

Iruka bit back a snarl. “I’m going to kill your master when he returns, in case you were wondering.”

Spotting Shizune making a beeline for him, he stepped back and gestured. “Come on, get inside.”

It froze, clearly expecting some sort of trap. “If I had known you were the odious and brainless blockhead’s dog in the first place, we could have avoided all this. But there’s a problem heading this way and if you don’t get your sorry ass in here in the next five seconds, I’m going to shut this door and you’re on your own.”

The dog bolted inside.

Iruka slammed the door shut on Shizune’s voice. “I’m going to be late!” He yelled at the door as he swiftly activated all of his traps.

“But it’s not even seven!” He heard her call through the door. “And I’ve made sure you had nothing scheduled for this morning!”

He yanked on his uniform unceremoniously and grabbed the small knapsack that all of his grading was in. It was only a matter of time before she tried the windows and he wanted to be gone before that.

He hopped out of his window just as he saw her round the corner. “Iruka-sensei—!”

“Leave me alone!” He pushed chakra into his legs and started to run, mildly surprised to see the dog running besides him.

It was going to be another long day.
xXxXxXxXxXx
His feet hurt and he was tired. All he wanted to do was go home and sleep.

Four things stopped him, however. One: Yugao. Two: Anko. Three: Shizune. Four: His promise to Hat—Kakashi, which is why he was following Kakashi’s red and bandaged dog over the roofs.

It finally stopped next to a grey building with a red roof and looked up at him expectantly. “So which one is his?” Iruka asked, praying that Kakashi’s pets hadn’t vomited all over the carpet and he’d accidentally step in it or anything awful like that.

The dog glanced up at him, and Iruka swore it looked surprised. Giving what he assumed was the canine equivalent of a shrug, it hopped over to a window. It sat down and waited for Iruka to catch up.

He crouched a bit awkwardly outside of a medium-size sliding window. Remembering the instructions that Ha—Kakashi had given him before, he carefully put his hand on the window frame. He felt silly until the barest touches of chakra brushed against his palm. He nearly fell off the small ledge in surprise but managed to recentre himself quickly. Curiously, he sent a small strand of chakra into the wood but felt nothing.

Strangely, the window felt…friendlier.

Once he got the window open (Kakashi didn’t need traps with the window sticking like that), he carefully slid inside and nearly knocked over a small leafy plant. He straightened up once he got inside and glanced around.

The room was almost sterile. Iruka wondered what Kakashi spent all his money on because it certainly wasn’t on his living accommodations. There was almost no furniture in the place and he couldn’t see any semblance of a kitchen or bathroom anywhere.

On the flip side, he had no problems finding the instructions that Kakashi had left for him. It was the only sheet of paper on one of the only wooden surface that was not the floor.

‘Iruka-sensei’ the note ran (and Iruka could hear the Copy Ninja drawling the suffix in that insufferable tone of his), ‘So glad that you were able to escape those brats and women.’ Iruka plotted what nasty surprises he could leave in the Icha Icha books that lined the shelves.

‘Thank you for taking care of my pets—it really is too kind of you’—“HA!”—‘and they greatly appreciate it. Mr Ukki and Akaki are the two that will be under your protection.

‘Mr Ukki is the alpha, so make sure that you tend him first. This is very important, as I don’t want to come home and find everything in a mess because you gave them the wrong ideas of their status in the pack.

‘Mr. Ukki likes listening to you talk, so make sure that you do so regularly. Don’t be disparaging to him because he’s very sensitive about things like that. Other than that, you can talk about anything. I find that he’s very good for helping sorting things out.

‘He takes at least one half cup of water every morning or evening and possibly more if it’s hot and dry out. If he’s looking particularly droopy and the water doesn’t perk him up, sprinkle a little bit of fertiliser—’

“Fertiliser?!” Iruka stared at the precise strokes on the paper. “What the…”

‘—and if he has any dead leaves, please pull them off immediately—’

“LEAVES?!” His eyes swivelled over to the cheerful plant on the ledge in front of the window. Sure enough, neatly painted around the pot the name ‘Mr Ukki’ was printed again and again.

“Mr Ukki is his plant?!” Iruka felt his eyebrow twitching again. All that trouble for a stupid plant?! Hatake Kakashi clearly was crazier than previously thought, with all his talking to plants and calling it the ‘alpha’.

Maybe it was time to call in that favour from Ibiki. If Kakashi was found to be unstable enough, they’d make him take a vacation in a lovely little resort in the mountains that had rubber sheets and padded walls.

Iruka cackled to himself and ignored the fact that the dog immediately dove under the desk and whimpered at the noise.