The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 
   
Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.
    
Please!  Give me your comments.
    
E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
    
    
MY BOSS' SLUT
    
Part Six
    
I showered in the morning and made us breakfast. 
    
"I wonder what I'll do today?" Becky said.  
    
I smiled. I knew what she was going to do because I knew she was going to be tied to the bed all
day.  She kept asking me what I was doing as I fastened the leather restraints to her wrists. I
snugged them tightly so she could not get away.  Then, I chained her to the headboard corners
with the chain, just like Mr. Williams told me to do.  
    
"Bobby, what are you doing?" she asked, concern evident in her voice. 
    
"I thought sluts did not question their man," I replied.  
    
"You're my husband, not my man."
    
"Becky, I know you're Mr. William's slut first, but, you're my slut second.  Anyway, he told me
to do this to you.  So, keep quiet!"
    
I fastened the clamps to her nipples and attached the clamp chain to her wrists.
    
"Oh, migod," she said.  "This'll stimulate me all day."
    
"I'm not through."
    
I greased the butt plug and the vibrator and inserted each in its proper place.  She was whispering
"no, no" as I tied the leathers around her, holding them in place.  I turned the vibrator to high. 
She jammed her feet on the bed and arched her back.  I heard her groan.
    
"Have a nice day," I said as I turned out the light and left.
    
There was a note on my desk when I got to the office.  Mr. Williams wanted to see me
immediately.  I went right to his office.  Trudy had a smug smile on her face as she let me in.  I
had been horribly concerned because when Mr. Williams trusted me to whip his other slut,
Trudy, I had whipped her too hard.  He told me to hit her so the stripe would disappear in twelve
hours. But I gave her one that lasted seven days. 
    
Mr. Williams was sitting behind his desk when I entered.  When he stood, I saw his cock hanging
outside his pants and it was hard.  I looked at Trudy who was standing beside me. 
    
"I want my cock sucked," Mr. Williams said emphatically. 
    
I looked at Trudy, but Mr. Williams said, "I want you to suck it, Bobby. Come get on your
knees!"
    
My head was reeling and I felt a little dizzy. Suck my boss' cock? Me? Bobby?  That is what he
just said.  He was glaring at me as he slowly stroked it, keeping it rock hard.  
    
"Now, Bobby." 
    
I know I had never thought about sucking his cock, or any other cock, for that matter.  Often I
had eaten my own cum out of Becky's pussy, but that was to help her orgasm since I gave her so
few orgasms with my cock.  That is why she liked being Mr. Williams slut so much.  He made
her cum like a house afire.  I was totally unprepared for him ordering me to suck his cock.  I don't
know why I said it, but I did.
    
"No, sir." 
    
"What did you say, you wimp?  I'll fire you and take your wife away from you forever. She's my
slut and she will do as I tell her.  Do you want that? Do you want to lose Becky and your job?" 
    
Trudy had a superior, smug expression. I was very angry with her for I was sure she had whined
to Mr. Williams and set up this whole scene.  But it was Mr. Williams' face I studied. He didn't
look angry.  He looked neutral, almost quizzical.  
     
I know Becky thought I was a wimp, a worthless wimp, because I couldn't give her the baby she
wanted.  I knew she liked fucking my boss and his friends more than she liked fucking me. Even
Trudy said I was not as strong as Mr. Williams, implying I was less than a man. 
    
I knew losing Becky would be the worse thing that even happened to me. But, I had only one
answer.
    
"Mr. Williams, I'll do almost anything you want me to do.  But, sir, I will not do that!"
    
I was nauseous I was so frightened, but something told me I had answered correctly.  Mr.
Williams looked at Trudy and smiled.  She looked chastised, that smug expression wiped from
her face.
    
"That's the correct answer, Bob.  I was testing you.  Trudy, come get over the desk." 
    
"Yes, Mr. Williams," Trudy answered in a shy, little girl voice. 
    
I watched as Mr. Williams tied Trudy across his desk just like he had tied my wife that first day
he had whipped her.  He raised her skirt.  She was not wearing hose or panties. I could see the
stripe on her ass still healing. 
    
"I knew you wouldn't do it, Bob, but Trudy thought you would.  I had to make sure. I'm proud of
your answer. Now, let's talk about whipping sluts. This stripe you gave Trudy is almost eight
days old and is still very visible.  That's way too hard."
    
"I understand, sir.  I'm sorry about that."
    
"Don't apologize.  I was afraid you'd be too gentle with them.  A real slut likes to feel the sting. 
She likes to know her man will whip her when she needs it.  I want to show you how hard to
swing.  We can practice on Trudy.  You don't mind, do you Trudy?"
    
"Please, Mr. Williams," she pleaded, her voice quivering.
    
"What did you say, Trudy?"
    
"No, sir," she sobbed.
    
"Gag her, Bob."
    
I gagged Trudy with the same gag that had filled Mr. Williams' other slut's mouth, Becky's
mouth.  I handed him the crop.
    
"Now, watch."
    
Mr. Williams and I practiced whipping Trudy.  I must admit it takes more skill to whip a slut
than I realized but after twelve or so, I was doing much better. I knew I was because Mr.
Williams said so.  
    
"Bob, you want front or back?"
    
"Either's fine with me, sir."
    
"Take her mouth then.  I'll ream out her pussy."
    
So, Mr. Williams and I double fucked his slut secretary as she lay tied across his desk.  I pulled
out and came on her face. Honestly, Trudy loved the whole thing.  She was licking my cum from
her lips and smiling at me when I stood back to admire her and all my cum on her face. 
    
"Have a seat, Bob.  We need to talk," Mr. Williams said.   
    
He left Trudy strapped across his desk with cum on her face and dripping out of her pussy.  She
put her head down on the desk and sighed happily. Mr. Williams patted her head. She raised up
and smiled at him before snuggling back against the desk again.  
    
"Bob, Becky's a magnificent slut. Out of the best sluts in America, Becky would rank in the top
ten.   Did she tell you about her weekend with my club?"
    
"Yes, sir."
    
"Bob, they all loved her.  In fact, we came up with a plan and I want to discuss it with you.  I
want your agreement before we implement it." 
    
"Thank you, Mr. Williams, but she's your slut. Why not ask her?"
    
"Sluts don't want to be asked.  They want to be told.  Isn't that right, Trudy?"
    
"Yes, Mr. Williams," she whispered softly.
    
"Since you'll be spending the rest of your life with Becky, I want to make sure you agree." 
    
"What is it?" 
    
"First, I'm sure Becky told you there were six men there.  But, that's only part of my club.  Total
membership is twenty-four. In the past, we have had club sluts, and most of us also have our own
sluts, like Trudy here is mine." 
    
Trudy blushed a little but wiggled her ass invitingly.  
    
"We want Becky to be our new club slut. She would quit teaching.  We'd provide a townhouse
where she would go each morning.  She'd service whichever men were on the schedule that day.
Bob, this is a paying position.  We pay ten thousand a month, year around, even in those months
when she's too pregnant to have sex.  Of course, we would not let her know it's a paying
position.  The money would go to you, for a new house to hold all those kids and to invest for the
future."    

My mind was reeling!  My Becky making that kind of money.  But she would be a whore! 
    
"I don't know if I want her to be a whore, Mr. Williams."    

"She won't be.  Just consider her a professional slut, helping you to provide for your future and
that of your children.  All of these men are clean, discreet and very careful, Bobby.  We don't
want to run the hazards of fucking around.  That's why we prefer having a club slut to bringing in
call girls or hookers."   
     
He could tell by my expression my brain was trying to digest all this.      

"Bob, did you leave the vibrator and butt plug in her like I said?"
    
"Yes, sir."
    
"And her nipples are chained?"
    
"Of course."
    
"Bob, you know Becky's always horny as hell.  She absolutely loves sex."
    
"Yes.  I know," I replied with a grin.  I loved it that she loved sex.  
    
"After three weeks of being stimulated as much as she is, no one man will be able to satisfy her. 
No one. Not me and not you. She'll be a big titted fucking machine.  By making her the club slut,
you insure she's only having sex with good men and men who won't try to take her away from
you.  It's to your advantage." 
    
"I can see that."     

"Probably, with twenty-four of us, she'll have twenty-four men a week, plus you, of course.  That
should keep her happy." 
    
"I do want to see my Becky happy." 
    
"I know you do, Bob.  And she knows it, too." 
    
"Okay, Mr. Williams.  I agree."
    
"Good. Trudy'll keep her schedule, arranging the dates and times when men will arrive at the
townhouse. Becky will be at the townhouse and fuck and suck whatever man is there. By the
way, there'll be twenty-five.  My father was so taken with her he wants to be included.  The other
club members have approved it." 
    
"She was impressed with your father, too, Mr. Williams."     

He laughed.
    
"Every woman is.  I wish I had inherited his big cock rather than his blonde hair. Now, let's talk
about Trudy.  I want you to enjoy Trudy, Bob. I do have a sexy and pretty wife who likes me to
fuck her twice a week or so. There will be times Trudy might be lonely and I don't want that for
her.  
    
Remember when you were a teenager?  You would go to your father and say 'hey, pop. Can I
borrow the car tonight?'  If he said yes, you took the car for a ride?  Well, let me be pop. You
know Trudy's much more fun to ride than dad's old Chevy.  Come to me and ask anytime you
want her.  You'd like that, wouldn't you, Trudy?"
    
Trudy raised her head.  I could see the cum on her face, white and dry.  She gave me a big smile.
    
"Yes.  I'd like that," she said.
    
"I'd like it, too," I said, grinning back at her.  Trudy was not my Becky. By that I mean, I didn't 
love her like I loved Becky, but Trudy was fun and sweet. 
    
"Only one more thing, Bob.  The baby."
    
"That's very important, Mr. Williams.  Becky really wants to have children."
    
"She'll have five before we are through. As for now, she's resting for four weeks.  One reason is
the surgery. The other reason is the timing of her ovulation.  The weekend we'll take her is the 
weekend she is ovulating.  We can almost guarantee she'll get pregnant." 

"How do you know she isn't pregnant now?" 
    
"When she was in the hospital, the doctor did a D&C, where they scrape out the lining of her
uterus.  No one has fucked her since then.  There's no baby in there." 
    
"Oh." 
    
"This is what I want to do with her.  My father, five other men and I have formed a little betting
pool. We'll all take Becky that weekend, planting our seed in her.  When the baby comes, the one
whose seed sprouted will win the bet.  We're putting five thousand each into the bet, Bob, which
is a total of thirty-five thousand.  The father of the baby will get fifteen thousand of that. The
other twenty will go into a education fund for the baby."  
    
"Wow.  I've never heard of anything like that." 
    
"These guys like to bet almost as much as they like to fuck.  You have any problems with that?"   
 
"No, sir.  It would be great for the baby's college to be paid for."
    
"That child will definitely need to go to an outstanding university. You'll have a special child,
Bob.  All of these men are very intelligent, successful, healthy, well educated, and are handsome
with good, athletic physiques." 
    
"Good." 
    
"There's one thing they don't have in common.  They don't have your physical characteristics." 
  
"I don't understand," I said, although I understood perfectly what he said. 
    
"Becky has blue eyes and brown hair.  You have light brown hair and green eyes.  Of the seven,
only my father and I have the same characteristics.  One is a wild, red headed Scotsman.  The
other four all have dark eyes. They are a Sicilian, a Hispanic, a black, and an oriental."
    
"Then, the baby won't look like us." 
    
"The odds are two out of seven the first baby will look like you.  Bob, I could have picked only
men who had your basic characteristics, but I wanted a diverse group."  
    
"Why?" 
    
"It makes the waiting more suspenseful. And, we might even make some side bets during that
nine month wait.  But, from your perspective, Becky's a slut.  She loves being a slut.  What could
be more slutty that having a child that obviously isn't your husband's?  Then, for the rest of her
life, every one will know she fucked around because the baby doesn't look like you." 
 
"I see what you mean, Mr. Williams." 
    
"Let me explain further.  The way the bet is set up is more complicated than just that. The first
time there will seven of us depositing our seed in Becky. The winner drops out and the next baby
roulette will have only six contestants. Since she'll have five babies, the last one will be the
product of one of only three men. Work out the math.  The odds are overwhelming she'll deliver
a rainbow before she's through." 
    
Mr. Williams gave me a big, happy grin.  Trudy was smiling contentedly as she lay bound on the
desk. 
    
"Bob, that's a real slut.  Five children, five obviously different fathers." 
    
"She does enjoy being a slut."
    
"Yes, she does. And she's a damn fine slut, too.  Any problems with the plan?" 
    
"No, sir.  It sounds like you have an interesting future planned for Becky."
    
"And for you. These will be your children as well as hers. You'll be living with her and raising
those children." 
    
"I love children, Mr. Williams. I just hope they're all healthy and happy." 
    
"Me, too.  Anything else?" 
    
"No, sir."
    
"Have a good day.  Oh, Bob, not one word of any of this to Becky.  I want everything that 
happens to be a surprise to her." 
    
I nodded acquiescence.  Mr. Williams was starting to fuck Trudy's ass as I quietly closed the door
behind me.  
    
I was surprised how much work I got done that day.  It was six when I opened the front door at
my house. I heard Becky groaning in the bedroom. When I saw her, she was writhing in sexual
need on the bed, the chains pulled tight, her nipples distended. The vibrator was still humming
away. 
    
"Oh, Bobby.  Thank God.  I can't cum. Please, Bobby! Let me cum." 
    
As I walked to the bed, I wondered how often she would cum after eighteen days of being bound
like this. The bed was soaked with her sweat and love juice.  She was out of control. I knew I was
not suppose to fuck her yet.  So, I slipped my finger in her clit ring and pulled.  She started
thrusting back and forth, using the tension to stimulate herself. 
    
She screamed like a banshee when she came.  And, she did not stop cumming until she passed
out.  I undid the leather and removed her vibrator and butt plug.  I unfastened the nipple clamp
and unbound her wrists. She didn't move. I covered her over with a blanket and went to make
dinner. 
    
It was more than an hour later when Becky stumbled into the kitchen.  She looked exhausted but
happy. 
    
"Oh, Bobby," she said with a smile.  
    
She sat on my lap with her legs outside mine. Her huge tits rested on my chest as she put her
head on my shoulder. 
    
"God, what a day.  Bobby, it was wild. I was right on the edge of orgasm the whole time. The
whole time.  My pussy was running like a faucet.  But I couldn't cum. Can I get something to
eat?"
    
"Sure, Becky."   
    
I started preparing her a plate.
    
"Did you get laid today?" 
    
"No, but Trudy sucked my cock."
    
"Good.  I'm too tired for sex." 
    
She almost fell asleep eating.  I carried her into the bedroom and she was out for the night.  It
was much later when I realized I hadn't whipped her.  I hoped Mr. Williams wouldn't be too mad
about that. 
    
The next day, I again left Becky tied and stimulated.  Again that night, she was too tired to fuck
me.  On the third night after Becky passed out, I went to Trudy's house.  I was getting horny! 
    
I did it just like Mr. Williams suggested.  When I asked to borrow his Chevy, he laughed for ten
minutes, then told me to go over to Trudy's house.   
    
When I got there, Trudy answered the door in her bathrobe.  She dragged me into the bedroom.  I
saw her vibrator on the bedside table.  It stayed there because I went where it had been. It was
very late when I slipped back into my own bed, but Becky never seemed to know I had been
gone.
    
Friday had been a breakthrough for Becky.  She told me she had orgasmed seven or eight times
during the day from the vibrator.  But, Friday night, she told me was too tired again. When she
said it, she gave me a nasty look, her face all crunched up, her eyes small and beady. She was still
tied to the bed, but I had removed the vibrator, chains and plug.
    
"What's wrong?" I asked. 
    
"You've been sneaking out at night, Bobby.  You think I don't know, but wives know these
things.  Where were you going?  You have someone else, don't you?" 
    
Ice storms aren't as cold as Becky's voice. 
    
"I went to Trudy's house.  You were off limits and exhausted.  Monday you told me you were
glad I had been with Trudy because you were too tired.  Remember?"
    
"Oh.  Well.  Still. I'm not going to have sex with you, Bobby, until you apologize to me and
promise to never see Trudy again." 
    
"Mr. Williams said I could have Trudy anytime I wanted to." 
    
"Mr. Williams said!  Mr. Williams said!  You wimp!  Well, tell Mr. Williams I'm cutting you
off! And tell him I'm cutting him off, too!  I'm the best goddamned slut in the whole fucking
country and I'm cutting him off!  See how he likes that!"
    
Becky was certainly very angry.  I was unsure what to do and I wanted to do the right thing for us
both.  I guess she read my mind.
    
"Go ahead.  Call Mr. Williams, you wimp!  Ask your boss what to do with your wife since you
are too big a wimp to know yourself!"
    
I did.  I explained to Mr. Williams what had happened.  He let out a big sigh.
    
"Where is Becky now, Bob?"
    
"Hands still tied to the bed, sir."
    
"Good. First, put the restraints on Becky's ankles and tie them to the foot of the bed.  Tie her very
tightly, really stretching her out.  Then gag her.  Call Trudy from the phone next to the bed so
Becky can hear everything. Tell Trudy to come spend the weekend with you and to bring clothes
and cosmetics.  Really, Bob, that'll be a great assistance to me.  My wife's sister is in town and I
need to fuck both of them this weekend.  I was feeling badly about neglecting Trudy." 
    
"Good idea, Mr. Williams, but what about Becky?" 
    
"I'm not finished.  After you talk to Trudy, get the riding crop.  Remember how hard you hit
Trudy that first time?" 
    
"Yes, sir."
    
"Carefully explain to Becky she's to be very submissive and sweet to you and to me.  Explain
she's never to threaten you or me again.  Explain she's a slut, my slut and your slut, and that sluts
don't open their mouths unless some man wants to put a cock in it.  That was the original deal,
Bob.  While she's foremost my slut, she's your slut, too."
    
"I remember that very clearly."
    
"I thought you would.  Give Becky two swats of the crop, each as hard as the swat you gave
Trudy."     

"Wow.  Where, sir?" 
    
"On the bottom of her feet.  That's very painful.  She probably won't be able to walk for a few
days, maybe even a few weeks.  Don't help her out, or make it easy on her. Make her crawl
everywhere.  Be sure to tell her you want her to crawl.  Explain every time she steps out of line,
she'll receive swats that hard either on the bottom of her feet, her nipples, or right on her pussy. 
Be very explicit, Bob." 
    
"Yes, sir." 
    
"One other thing.  Fuck Trudy in your bed with Becky bound and lying right beside you. Tell
Trudy to make a lot of noise when she cums.  Last and certainly not least, after you cum in
Trudy, have her squat over Becky and make Becky eat your cum from Trudy's pussy.  Come to
think of it, as much as Becky loves cum, tell Becky that's a reward because you really love her." 
   
"Mr. Williams, I really . . . " 
    
"Got to go, Bob.  My sister-in-law just started sucking my cock."  He disconnected.
    
Becky's eyes were big and she seemed hardly to breathe as she watched me.  
    
"What did he say?"
    
"He left it to me to handle anyway I want to, Becky.  You told me a good slut shuts up and does
what her man says.  I'm your man, Becky." 
    
"Oh, bullshit!  You're my wimp husband.  Mr. Williams is my man."
    
Methodically, completely, and, I must say, with a great deal of personal satisfaction, I did just
like Mr. Williams said.  The two blows of the riding crop across the bottom of her feet caused a
great deal of noise and activity on her part.  When I explained to Becky if she were unpleasant
again,  the next time the crop would land across her nipples and pussy, I believe she understood I
was serious.
      
Becky wasn't unbound the entire weekend. She wasn't always attached to the bed, but she was
always in bondage. Trudy did the cooking because Becky couldn't stand on her feet. Becky
crawled everyplace she went.  At first, she bitched and moaned about crawling and the pain in
her feet.  A solid blow across her ass ended that noise. 
    
Friday night, with Becky bound to the bed, I fucked Trudy as we lay next to Becky. Trudy had
been coached so she screamed her orgasm.  She also called my name over and over.  Does
anything sound so sweet?  
    
"Yes, Bob, you stud," Trudy yelled as I fucked her. 
    
"He isn't a stud, you brainless bimbo.  He's a weak little wimp," Becky replied. 
    
I didn't tell Trudy to call me stud or to yell out my name, for that matter.  She just did it. I hoped
she did it because she meant it, but I didn't ask her. I would rather not know for sure than know
for sure it was an act. 
    
I didn't respond to Becky's reply to Trudy.  But I can tell you I was sick and tired of her calling
me a wimp.
    
Saturday morning, Trudy made breakfast.  After we ate, I bound Becky hand and foot while
Trudy and I went to the mall.  She would have been screaming curses at me, I know, if I hadn't
gagged her, too.
    
When we got back from the mall, Becky was more angry then ever.  I kept her gagged.  I didn't 
want or need her abuse. Without Trudy's help, I wrestled Becky until I tied her to the bed. Her
legs were spread as wide as I could get them and tied above her head to the headboard.  Then, I
whipped the inside of her thighs six times on each thigh, leaving a series of beautiful, raised, red
parallel welts, each of which brought a scream clearly audible through the gag. The last two
swats went on her crotch, one on each side of her pussy.  She pissed all over herself.
    
Trudy made the mistake of saying, "The bitch deserves it."  She was tied the same way and
received three of each side, but none across her crotch.  I considered not even whipping her
because she was correct, the bitch did deserve it.  However, I didn't want her to think she could
get away with anything.
    
I played with and ate and fucked and caressed Trudy all weekend.  I never touched Becky.  Becky 
sucked down every drop of cum I shot, all via Trudy's pussy grinding into her mouth.   
    
It might have been the most important weekend of my life. No.  It was the most important. 
    
Trudy went home about six on Sunday night.  I unbound Becky for the first time. My heart was
in my throat.  I'd been very demanding and very rough on Becky all weekend.  I'd ignored her,
making her watch while I fucked another woman.  I'd whipped her feet so hard she still couldn't
stand and whipped the inside of her thighs hard enough so the stripes showed after thirty-six
hours. 
    
You could say it was a weekend like none other I ever had.  You could also say I had a lot more
pride in myself at that point.
    
Becky sat on the edge of the bed, one leg tucked under her.  She watched me intently. But it was
the way she watched me which was important.  She looked shy and submissive.  She looked
sweet.  She still looked like a slut, but with those tits, seven rings in her crotch and a sign
hanging from her navel which said "slut," what would you expect her to look like?   
    
"Bobby, do you still love me?" she asked so softly I could barely hear her. 
    
"What do you think?"  
    
"I think you do.  But you've been really rough with me this weekend.  You whipped me.  You
had another woman in my bed.  That's okay.  I mean, you are the man of the house and if you
want to fuck another woman, I understand.  And I was a bitch.  I did deserve the whipping.  But,
Bobby, well, I want some attention, too." 
    
"Come here, Becky." 
    
As Becky slipped over beside me, I pulled her hair to roll her over on her back. I leaned against
her, feeling her breasts against me. I put my hand on the inside of her thigh, feeling the welt. She
gasped and put her hands on my wrist to push me away.  I grabbed the flesh to squeeze harder. 
    
"Becky, put your hands under your ass, and leave them there." 
    
She blinked rapidly, but hurried to comply.   
    
"What has gotten into you?" she whispered. 
    
"I'm not a wimp. I'm a man who loves his wife and wants to see her happy. But, every time you
put me down, I'm going to punish you."
    
"Bobby, you're so changed."  It was said was admiration. 
    
"You've changed, too.  I like the changes in you.  I like you being a slut, but you have two men to
please as a slut, Mr. Williams and me.  Never forget me, Becky." 
    
It seemed an hour as we just looked at each other.  A million times, I almost let go of her
tenderized thigh or begged her forgiveness, but I kept saying to myself: be tough, Mr. Williams
would be tough. You know, I liked thinking like Mr. Williams. 

"I like your changes, too, Bobby.  I like you being rough with me.  I like you being a man for a
change. No!"
    
That no was in response to the very hard squeeze I made across the welt on her thigh top. I
squeezed until tears came to her eyes and she sobbed. 

"I'm sorry, Bobby. I didn't mean to put you down," she whimpered.  

I moved my hand to stroke up and down the lips of her pussy.  The rings felt strange and  I
wondered what Mr. Williams had in mind. Becky continued to stare at me, as if she were seeing
me for the first time. 

"Bobby, how long am I going to share you with Trudy?" 
    
"Until Mr. Williams and I decide otherwise." 
    
"Bobby, what if we went back to like we were?  I mean, after Mr. Williams gets me pregnant." 
    
"No, Becky.  You're a slut.  You're his slut and my slut.  Trudy is his slut and my slut. But, most
importantly, you're my wife."
    
She was squirming to get under me. 

"You really don't mind me being a slut?" 

"No. I like it.  I'm looking forward to raising our children." 

"Bobby, please, would you fuck me?" she murmured.  

I slipped between Becky's legs.  It was the first time I mounted her since surgery.  I could  really
tell the changes, and I liked them.  I thought Mr. Williams sure knows what he is doing. I didn't
even think about pleasing Becky, or lasting long enough to make her cum.  But I did.    

"Bobby.  Bobby! Oh, yes! God, yes!" she screamed when she orgasmed. 
   
I was so use to have her calling Mr. Williams name when she came, her calling my name
surprised me.  It was a very pleasant surprise. 

"I came from your cock, Bobby.  Your cock! It felt so good.  Bobby, just hold me.  Please. Let
this big titted slut sleep in your arms tonight." 

Trudy was with Mr. Williams Monday and Tuesday night.  Tuesday night Becky got on her knees
and begged me not to keep my relationship with Trudy.  She promised she would make me the
happiest man in the world if it were just she and I.  I told her I'd think about it. 
      
Wednesday when I talked to Mr. Williams, he told me to keep Trudy.  The competition was good
for Becky.  I was doing all right following Mr. Williams orders.  I told Becky Trudy was my slut,
too, and that's the way it would stay.  We fucked long and hard. 

As Becky healed, and as she spent more days with the vibrator, it seemed her orgasms increased
exponentially. She could orgasm so much more easily now.  And she loved to orgasm.  By the
end of the third week, she orgasmed every time I had sex with her. They were real, positive,
strong orgasms.  

Mr. Williams and I had talked.  He had changed his mind about the whippings every day, but I
still whipped her twice a week so she would remember what it felt like.  Never once did I have to
whip her for demeaning me.  That's what pleased me.
    
Yes.  Me.  Bobby.  I made my wife cum every time I fucked her. 
    
On Tuesday, Mr. Williams called me into his office. 
    
"Well, Bob.  Friday's the big day.  She'll spend the weekend with the seven of us." 

"She's so excited. Mr. Williams, she's a bit hurt you haven't contacted her." 

"She's a slut.  She is suppose to sit by the phone wondering if I'll call.  She'll see plenty of me
this weekend.  Is she orgasming freely from the vibrator?"
    
"Yes, sir."
    
"Good.  I don't want her to have any more orgasms until she meets with us.  Leave out the
equipment tomorrow and Friday. But keep her bound all the time, even at night so she cannot
masturbate. I'll call her tonight to tell her what to wear.  Do you want Trudy for the weekend?" 
    
"Yes, sir.  I'd like that." 

"So would Trudy.  I'll drop her off when I pick up Becky.  Thanks, Bob.  You may go." 

Becky was tired when I got home. 

"Migod, Bobby.  I must've orgasmed fifty times today," she murmured as I removed the vibrator. 
    
When I didn't fuck her, she asked why.    

"Mr. Williams said you don't get another orgasm until you're with him Friday."
    
She gave me a wicked smile. 
    
"I'll be so horny I'll be a mad woman by then.  But he has known best, hasn't he?" 

I agreed. Mr. Williams seemed to know best what was right for me and my Becky, my wife and
his slut. 
    
To be continued . . . 
    
Comments?  

E-mail: ezriter@hotmail.com
    
     
    