Story: Amber in the Milk Room

Nurse Amber led David into a little-used room at the clinic, and told 
him to strip.

She bent down and attached what looked like a butt plug to a 
structure that was designed to hold a person in place.  She applied 
lubricant to the plug and guided the now naked male over to the 
structure and had him sit so that the plug was inside him.  She 
spread his legs wide apart, and her straight blonde hair brushed 
against his ankles as she bound them to keep his legs apart.

His breathing deepened as he realized that this would be an 
unforgettable and grueling experience.

Amber spread his arms apart and bound his wrists.  She smiled sweetly 
and noticed a firm erection.  Then she attached a squeeze bulb to a 
container of liquid and hooked it up to the underside of the butt 
plug.

She squeezed it once and he gasped.  The powdered ginger in solution 
squirted against his prostate and the spicy warmth stimulated it, 
giving him a throbbingly hard erection.  Then she fastened a headband 
with electrodes around his forehead and plugged the attached cables 
into a receptacle behind him.  Finally, she got a long transparent 
tube and affixed a clear sheath pump to it and inserted David's 
hardened cock in one end.  A different squeeze bulb sucked sufficient 
air from the tube so that the sheath pump closed in around his penis. 
 

"OH!" he gasped when he felt the effect of the sheath.  He was bound 
so that he could not touch himself, nor disrupt the operation of the 
butt plug or the sheath pump.

"I think we're ready to begin," Amber giggled, and left the room.

A few minutes later, Amber and three other nurses entered the room 
and seated themselves in a semicircle around the bound male.  They 
were all in a good mood.  David felt a twinge of embarrassment from 
being exposed and vulnerable in front of several females.

"Okay Amber, start it," Doris, a dark-haired nurse, suggested.

David felt a subtle vibrating sensation in his cock from the sheath 
pump.  The suction came in slow pulses and caused the sheath to 
traverse back and forth along his erection.

"Ahhhhh!" he exclaimed, and tipped his head back.  He felt the 
sensation of a massive ejaculation building up inside him.  Suddenly 
the stimulation stopped, and he didn't get the relief he thought was 
at hand.

The nurses talked and giggled among themselves for a few moments.  
The milking machine automatically started up again and brought the 
bound male just this side of orgasm and stopped again.

"Ohhhhh!" he yelled in frustration, and his audience giggled.  Amber 
gave the butt plug bulb another squeeze, and David felt a sensuous 
tingling warmth in his prostate.  The brainwave sensors detected when 
his arousal dropped below a predetermined threshold and started again 
with its milking.

"Oh God!" he groaned as the machine again stimulated him to the point 
that he thought he was going to cum, and stopped short.

"Oh... Let me cum, please!"

His groin ached; his testicles felt the size of a volleyball.

Over the next two hours the machine kept on relentlessly stimulating 
him.  Of course, it always stopped before he got relief.  The scene 
captivated the nurses, and each of them derived salacious pleasure 
from watching the helplessly bound male robotically teased and 
denied.  More than once each nurse stimulated herself to orgasm while 
breathlessly observing David's sweet torment.

David's pleas for relief became stronger and more pronounced.  The 
ache in his groin, and especially in his nuts, became stronger with 
each successive trip up to the brink of orgasm and back down.

"Aaaaaugh!  Amber!  Please, Amber!  Please!"

The machine up again delivered its sweet ministrations, and Amber got 
up and walked over to him.

"What will you do for me if I let you cum?" Amber asked sweetly.

"Augh! Anything!"

"I don't believe you.  I think I should keep you hooked up to the 
milking machine..."

"Oh, Amber!  No!  Please!"

"You know," she continued, "There's something I'd really like you to 
do.  Want to hear what it is?"

"Amber, let me cum!"

She lowered her voice to a hoarse whisper.  "I'd like you to shoot 
that big, big wad inside me - and then suck me clean - while they 
watch!"

"Oh, Amber, please!"

"Is that a yes?  Will you do that?"

"Amber! Aaaugh!"

"Then I think I should just let the machine keep working on you," she 
replied, and walked back to where the others were.

"No, Amber!  I'll do it!  I'll do it!"

Amber and the others watched while the machine brought him to the 
edge, and back down again, two more times.  He moaned, pleaded, and 
begged while they raptly observed.  Then, Amber got up again.

"Promise you'll do it?" she asked.

"Yes!  Yes!"

"Because if you won't, I'll hook you up next week and just leave you 
here all day.  Do you understand that?"

"Oh, yes!  Please, Amber, please!"

Amber stopped the milking machine and removed the sheath/pump from 
his engorged cock.  Then she released his ankles, leaving his wrists 
bound.  He had seeped a fair amount of seminal fluid, and she spread 
some of it on his cock as a lubricant.  With a sweet smile on her 
face she slowly stripped completely.

"Put your legs together, honey," she directed.  His purple cock 
protruded from his midsection, and, facing him, she inserted the 
raging member into her aroused pussy.  She sank it into her and 
brought her lips close to his.

"Oh, that feels so good," she whispered, and pumped her hips.  
Although David was in a super-aroused state, he lasted for an 
extended time inside Amber, since she kept the stimulation at a level 
that did not allow him to pop off for a while.  When she was 
satisfied from riding him, she reached over and gave the squeeze bulb 
several full squeezes, pumping a substantial amount of the ginger 
solution into the area around his prostate.  His cock became harder.  
Her moans louder and more sensuous.

"Oh, yeah, you're gonna give me all that cum, right here in my hot 
pussy!  I can't wait to get it all - give it to me, lover - pump it 
in me!"

It was as much her words as the smooth feel of the inside of her 
pussy that pushed him far over the edge.  

"OH!  OHHHHH!  AH!  OOH!  OH! ..."  He incoherently exclaimed 
continuously as his pent-up semen first flowed, then spurted and 
spurted into Amber's honey-blonde receptacle.

Amber kept her hips in motion for some time, making sure that she got 
every drop of semen that David was to eject.  She pulled out and was 
aware that she needed one hand to prevent the huge wad from escaping.

"Help me get him over to the table," she said to her co-workers.  

They undid his bindings and walked him to the examination table and 
had him lie face up.  Amber climbed on top of the table and straddled 
David's mouth.

"Okay now, I want you to suck me like there's no tomorrow!" she 
directed, and connected her wet, dripping pussy to his mouth.  Over 
the next ten minutes, she had several deliriously intense climaxes as 
she felt the infusion of semen flow from her insides into David's 
mouth.  She was unabashed even as the other nurses gathered around 
and watched with wide eyes.

Afterward, Amber sent him to the shower room to get cleaned up.  As 
she put on her uniform she asked the other nurses, "What do you think 
of my husband?"

Then she basked in the glow of their accolades.


-----
This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited 
without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified 
is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
