Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they both belong to their respective owners. I do own bits of the plot and an OC.

Warning: Awkward lemon-ish scene. You'll understand when you hit it.

Chapter Thirteen: Revelations

Victory, with the Morningstar flies,
Bringing the tyrant closer to his demise. 

The two dragons turned their heads to look back at the knights, their eyes dull as they waited for the orders from their masters. One flinched as Crump glared at him, quickly looking away. Aside from the one glance, the two humans ignored the dragons that were crouched on the ground, preferring to speak to each other. Crump held two edges of a map, watching as Gansley pointed out the two villages that they were called on to strike; one in their own kingdom and the other in the kingdom to the north, some way into the territory. Crump narrowed his eyes as he calculated the distance it would take to travel by dragon before giving a slow nod. "I'll go up north, seeing as you are more inclined to remain here."

Gansley leaned back at his words, tapping his fingers on the map. "Fine. After all, it would be more prudent to have one of us remain near the boarder in case they attempt to escape. If only Gozaburo had sent more of us."

"Our king has his reasons." Crump let go of his edges as Gansley began rolling up the map, stowing it away before walking over to his dragon, the blue serpent-like creature lowering itself closer to the ground to allow its master to climb onto its back. The older knight grunted at the effort it cost him to scramble up onto the dragon, carelessly swinging the pack that he had over his shoulder to the slip of leather that served as a saddle. The dragon grunted as the pack knocked against its side, which the knight didn't notice. He pulled on the long reins that lead to the head of the dragon, yanking his bonded dragon away before giving it a sharp jab with the spurs that the knight wore on his boots.

"I'll start my fun then. Enjoy your flight, Crump." The shorter knight grumbled at the send off, clambering onto his own dragon, sneering at the crystals that grew from the dragon's legs before hauling himself aboard. The dragon went through equally rough treatment before being kicked off in the direction of the north, slowly gaining the altitude that its master desired.

On his own dragon, Gansley circled over their camping area before turning his head, sending his dragon down the boarder line, keeping alert for the village. He spotted it through a break in the forest, yanking the head of his dragon down and giving it a firm tap on the neck, the signal for flame. He felt the creature whimper before obeying the order, blue tinted flames pouring from its mouth and onto the roofs below. The knight smiled as the villagers ran from their houses, panicking as they pointed up at the sky. He was too busy in his accomplishment to notice the black object speeding in from the south.

Ryou shielded his eyes from the glare of the sun, his mouth falling open as he watched Atem move across the sky, amazed that a dragon could obtain such speed. He got a better hold on the tree he was on, being told to keep on the look out for any reinforcements. The poet glanced down for a moment, able to spot Bakura as the thief dodged through the people, shouting and gesturing for them to run to the forest. Yugi had insisted that Atem trying and entice the dragon and knight away from the village, but it was an equally good idea to remove the people from the area if Atem failed. Ryou looked down at his feet, smiling as he saw Marik tipping his head to the side, a smile on the pale gold dragon's face. "He's making good time, surprising for on in his shape."

"What do you mean?"

Marik's tail thrashed in the undergrowth, crouching slightly as he readied for Atem's impact with the other dragon. "He's not exactly in top shape. He's barely got enough fat to last for the thin times. But that's Atem."

Ryou looked up a surprised roar, ducking to see around a branch. He saw the last moment of the impact, Atem digging his claws into the dragon before pushing off, causing the blue dragon to plummet a few feet before it caught itself. Atem steadied himself, pulling into a hover as he watched the dragon below him, flames flickering inside his open mouth. The knight and dragon took a single look at the villagers below before the dragon was pulled into a dive. Ryou squeaked as Atem followed, wings clamped to his sides as he followed after.

The poet tore his gaze from the two dragons in the sky as Marik gave a shocked trill. He nearly fell out of his tree at the same time, watching as Yugi rushed into the village, the people stopping to stare at the man that they thought was dead. Yugi ignored them, staring up at the dragons. Ryou glanced up at the dragons, mouth dropping open as the blue dragon jerked in flight, suddenly leveling out. He saw the glint of the sun off a sword as the knight leaned over the dragon, the tip of the weapon aimed for Yugi. Then, Ryou was scrambling for the base of the tree, waving his hand to send off Marik to the rescue. He stopped his frantic movements as Yugi lifted an arm into the air, his hand in a fist like he was calling a hawk back.

In the air, Atem rolled over, putting him on the other side of the blue dragon before the black and red dragon's wings dropped back to his sides, sending Atem dropping past the blue dragon towards the prince. Atem snapped open his wings, skimming just over the ground with one hand lowering as he got closer to Yugi. Ryou thought he saw a smile on Yugi's face as the prince grabbed onto the offered limb, hanging onto a claw as the dragon moved past. Atem flapped his wings, gaining altitude as the blue dragon came out of its dive.

The black and red dragon turned around so he was facing the blue dragon, lifting his hand so that Yugi could clamber onto his back. Ryou breathed a sigh of relief as the move was completed, leaning back against the bark with a hand over his heart. He had thought that would have ended in disaster, with Yugi being captured or Atem crashing to the ground. Stirring from his recumbent position, Ryou once again kneeled on the branch and peered up at the sky, ready to alert Marik of any other dragons. And, once again, he found himself being drawn to the two dragons that were already in the sky.

Atem had pulled out of his hover, rising rapidly to keep out of the way of the knight and his dragon, Yugi clinging to his back. The black and red dragon quickly ducked to one side as another bout of blue flame was aimed at him, twisting easily in the air before resuming his steady rise. Ryou leaned out as far as he dared, wondering why Atem didn't attack. He shook his head and glanced back down a the village, watching as Bakura dashed from house to house, rushing the few people left into the woods.

The thief waved at Ryou as he passed, a cheeky smile on his face as he jumped onto the tree and easily scrambled up the trunk, situating himself on a branch close by his lover. "I deserve a reward for that."

"Are you going to demand one every time we do this?"

"Yes." Bakura sat back with his arms folding across his chest and a smug look on his face.

Ryou rolled his eyes and returned to staring up at the two dragons. He saw Atem glanced down at the village once before stopping his upward movement, stretching his wings to their fullest before letting out a roar. The poet shrieked and jumped back, noticing that Bakura had jumped at the sound as well. He looked down at the sound of laughter, reaching down to whack Marik over the head. The pale dragon easily shook off the rebuke, lavender eyes shining dangerously. "They're in for it now."

The poet looked up in time to see Atem dive again. Panicking, the blue dragon let out another stream of fire. Calmly, Atem let his own flames loose, the darker fire easily cutting through the blue fire. The blue dragon turned away, diving for the ground despite the frantic movements of the knight on his back. Atem followed, drawing close to the dragon and eventually racing side-by-side with the blue dragon. Ryou watched in confusion as Atem tipped his head to the side, apparently listening to the blue dragon before giving a slow nod.

Atem's tail lashed out, the force behind it, sending Atem spinning but the black and red dragon caught himself. The blue dragon, however, lost control and slammed into the ground, giving a weak cry of pain before Atem landed on the ground. The black and red dragon considered his enemy for a moment before lowering himself to the ground to let Yugi off his back. Atem shot the human a stern look, the only visible sign that something had not gone according to plan before storming over the struggling dragon.

The two exchanged some more words in a hushed tone, the distance to great for Ryou to hear what they were saying. He poked Marik for an explanation, but the dragon merely bowed his head. The poet glanced up in time to see Atem roll the blue dragon onto its back before plunging his claws into his chest. The blue dragon writhed on the ground for a moment before going still. Atem stepped away from the body, Yugi running up to lay a hand on Atem's leg as they stood watch over the dead dragon.

"It's done." Ryou jumped at the solemn voice, surprised to hear it coming from Bakura. The thief quickly slipped down the tree, stopping to pat Marik's shoulder before gesturing for Ryou to come down. "Come on. Don't you want to scribble about this?"

The poet gave a slow nod before following his lover, glancing at Marik before he allowed Bakura to lead him toward where the villagers had run to. They would stay here until Atem returned. The black and red dragon and Yugi were the ones setting the pace in this venture.

Ryou felt a smile cross his face as he stepped into the place where the villagers had gone, waving at a few small children before being pulled away by Bakura. The poet was dragged through the main group of people towards the other side of the group, where Bakura pushed him down. The thief sat down next to him, stretching his arms over his head before sitting back. "And now we wait."

"But what about the people? What should we tell them?"

Bakura opened one eye. "They'll do our job for us. A few will talk about how the prince has come back from the dead with a dragon to help save them. They'll gather together and, by the time Joey and Duke get up here, there will be a willing army at their command." The thief sat up abruptly, motioning a teenager over. The teen hesitated before ambling over, looking surprised. Bakura, however, didn't seem to notice as he pointed toward the north. "Cross into the next kingdom and find the first village you can. Spread the word on that Gozaburo is going to attack villages with dragons. Try and get it to the girl who has the prince's child. She's probably one of his victims."

The teenager went wide eyed before he nodded and took off at a run, leaving Bakura to settle back on the ground with a long sigh. Ryou stared at his lover before leaning back on his hands, watching the sun filter through the branches, looking for the first signs of leaves. "Do you think he'll be in time?"

The thief snorted, keeping his eyes shut. "It's about an hour to the boarder and there is bound to be a village close by. The kid will be fine."

"No. For the girl."

Bakura shrugged. "Word spreads fast. The people will probably be gone when that dragon gets there. And we'll be right after the dragon. Nothing can stop Yugi and Atem when they are on a mission. Soon, this will all be over and you can go back to annoying me with your scribbling."

Ryou chuckled at Bakura's term for his composing. He shifted so he could use Bakura as a pillow before he stretched out on the ground with a sigh of relief. "I like the sound of that. Atem and Marik will go back down south and Yugi will settle down on his throne with that girl and the child. Everything will go back to normal." The poet chuckled and looked up at Bakura. "I never thought I would say that."

He didn't expect the sullen look that came over Bakura's face, the thief's russet eyes snapping open to stare at the branches above them. Ryou frowned and rolled over onto his stomach, gently prodding at Bakura's side. The thief pushed his hand away after a moment. "Yugi isn't going to leave the dragon."

"But…" Ryou sat up, flailing as he tried to digest this new information. "He's the prince, the rightful king! It's his duty to sit on the throne, to take care of his people…to produce heirs! He shouldn't be spending the rest of his life with some dragon! That's not how these things go!"

"He won't leave Atem for the same reason I stay with you." The mention of his relationship with the thief silenced the poet, Ryou dropping his hands into his lap and looking shyly at Bakura. The thief nodded before closing his eyes again. "I should be somewhere else, robbing nobles blind and living off what I can get. Instead, I'm following you around. I should be doing many things, but I'm not, because I'm with you. And I don't regret any of it." The thief tapped a finger against his head before revising his statement. "I don't regret most of it.

"Ryou, you and I," Bakura motioned at the two of them, "are not how these things go. But we still seem to survive. Sometimes these things don't go like they are supposed to."

The silence marked the end of the conversation. Ryou plucked at his sleeve as the thief settled down to wait for the dragons, leaving him on watch. The poet sighed, drawing up his knees and resting his chin on them. Bakura was always doing this to him, challenging his idea on how the world should work. To his mind, everything was clear. It always happened this way, not because it was right, but because it was the best for everyone. What kind of hero didn't give up everything they loved in the end?

But, it wouldn't be fair to Yugi. Ryou glared at the ground at the thought, daring the little part of his mind that voiced that thought to speak again. It wouldn't be fair to Yugi because the prince was happy now, happier than any other time Ryou had seen him. Yugi would have to give up the one thing that gave him that happiness and Ryou would get to keep his.

It was part of being royalty. But it didn't make it right.

He sighed and dropped his head so his forehead banged against his knees, drawing a wince out of the poet. Why couldn't the world work like the tales? Then everything would be so much easier. A person could stay with the love of their life and rule the kingdom that was their by birthright. He groaned at the thought, resisting the urge to beat his head against his knees, knowing that Bakura would demand to know what was causing his mental anguish, and then laugh at him for his naivety.

Muffled screams made the poet look up suddenly, turning his head to smile at Marik as the dragon circled anxiously above, too large to get through the trees. Ryou nudged Bakura and raced to the nearest tree, clambering up awkwardly and reaching up for the dragon. Marik snorted and lowered a hand, Ryou clinging to one claw as the dragon lifted him to his back, repeating the process for Bakura. The pale gold dragon turned north, Atem already hovering in the distance. "You should have brought that mule so I wouldn't have to haul you two around."

Ryou chuckled at the mock annoyance that the dragon showed. "You said that as long as we were all going the same way, you could spare the affront to your dignity."

"I could once." Marik snapped as he pulled out of his circling; now flying towards Atem. "But that was a one time thing. I am not a pack animal."

"How long will it take for us to get to the next dragon?" Bakura cut into their bickering, leaning out from behind Ryou to stare off toward the horizon, russet eyes squinting as he tried to figure out the distance himself.

"Considering that he has a good head start and knows where the village is? Probably tomorrow. I have a feeling that the knight won't trust his dragon in the dark, so will probably wait. Besides, simultaneous attacks won't have the same effect with the spacing. Your king needs the word to spread."

"He's not our king." Bakura snapped out the words, making the dragon shrug. The motion pitched them from side to side. The dragon appeared not to notice, too busy catching up to Atem. Bakura gave a series of curses as they were righted, muttering something about 'dragons' before resting his chin on Ryou's shoulder. Sneakily, Ryou reached one hand to where Bakura had wrapped his arms around the poet's waist and quickly entwined their fingers before Bakura could pull away. He flashed a smile over his shoulder at the thief before settling in to enjoy the flight.

Yugi pressed himself close to Atem as the dragon tipped himself vertically, trying to land in the dense forest below them. He felt the muscles of the dragon strain as Atem fought gravity to bring them down gently. Yugi shivered as he felt branches brush against his back, trying to press even closer to the dragon. There was a grunt from Atem before Yugi felt the dragon fall forward, all four legs on the ground. The prince sat up, yelping as he hit his head against a branch. He winced and rubbed the back of his head, looking down at Atem as the dragon carefully shook his own head, feeling guilty that his carelessness had caused the dragon pain.

Carefully, Yugi slid from Atem's back, smiling as the dragon turned to look back at him, stretching out a foreleg to allow Yugi an easier slide to the ground. They both looked up at the sound of snapping branches and curses, the sounds marking the arrival of Marik somewhere else in the forest. Atem straightened up, easily moving through the cramped space and craning his head to see where the others were. Yugi followed him closely, stopping when Atem reared up onto his hind legs to see through the branches. "How close are we?"

Atem tipped his head before taking a deep breath, releasing it as he came back to all fours. "Pretty close. There will be a few minutes delay getting there, but it's the best we can do without getting caught."

"And how close is the other dragon?"

The question got a smile out of Atem. "We passed him when night fell. Apparently, the human doesn't trust his bonded dragon. We'll be ready when he tries to attack in the morning. It won't be like the last one."

"At least we got there in time." Yugi sat down on the ground, pulling his knees up close to his chest and staring off in the direction of his kingdom. It scared him that the other dragon had managed to get there before they had. If Atem hadn't headed off on his own, leaving him to run and the others to take care of themselves, then it would have been a lot worse. He didn't even know if the villagers had gotten out safely, but he was willing to trust the thief with his job. The prince sighed and rested his forehead against his knees, turning his head as Atem gave a questioning trill. He waved the dragon off. "I'm just tired."

Atem nodded, sprawling in what little space they had with a long sigh. Yugi watched as the dragon made small adjustments to his position, frowning as he watched them. His head resting on a partially fallen trunk with a foreleg close to the exposed roots, the other foreleg at an odd angle to avoid a tree. His body twisted oddly to take advantage of a large enough space to accommodate his wings, which made him have to curl one hind leg close to his stomach and the other stretched out against a tree. His tail was woven through a small stand of closely grown trees, almost folding back on itself. Atem rolled one eye to look at Yugi, tipping his head slightly to the side at the expression that he saw on the prince's face.

Yugi got up from his place on the ground, scrambling up the trunk of the dead tree to sit next to Atem. He ran his hand over the dragon's head, sighing when Atem simply closed his eyes under the attention. He leaned over to gently kiss Atem, the dragon's eyes opening quickly at the sign of affection. Yugi blushed as he remembered that he barely kissed Atem as a dragon. Still fighting his blush, Yugi repeated the action before smoothing a hand down Atem's cheek. "I'm sorry for making you do that."

"Don't apologize. It wasn't your fault." Atem shifted, the dead tree creaking dangerously as he moved his head so it was closer to Yugi. The prince smiled and rested his forehead against the dragon, loving the warmth of Atem. He shivered as the dragon sighed, shifting closer to the dragon with an embarrassed chuckle. Apparently, Atem hadn't noticed because he went on after a short pause. "I just never thought…and he begged for it in the end, which makes it alright. I guess."

Yugi shiver again, remembering how the blue dragon had pleaded for death. He pressed himself closer to Atem, trying to get the frantic voice of the dragon out of his head.

"Morningstar, please. I don't want this anymore. Please, just kill me now before my soul is damned even more! I don't want to be forgotten!"

"Atem," Yugi heard the dragon hum in response, "what did the dragon mean about his soul being damned?"

"Dragons believe that they must earn their place in heaven…in the stars." Atem tipped his head back, eyes searching the sky before nodding toward a particular constellation. "There."

Yugi leaned back himself, easily finding the configuration of stars. He pondered the shape before gasping in surprise. "The dragon…"

"Yes." Atem nodded. "And if we don't prove ourselves worthy, we don't get rest."

"What happens?"

Atem shrugged. "We fade away; forgotten."

"But, that won't happen to you!" Yugi panicked, clinging to his dragon. "You're the Morningstar! That must count for something!"

Atem blinked at him, hesitating before responding. "It may happen even to me."

Yugi pressed his hand against his heart, eyes widening as he felt the calm beat underneath his palm. If that other dragon had been afraid of being damned, wasn't Atem in the same danger? He had given his heart to a human, albeit freely. The prince looked up from his hand, jumping when he found that Atem was staring at him. Yugi tried to speak, unable to in the end and just settling for shaking his head slowly. He hadn't wanted this. For all the joy he had felt over the past months with Atem, he didn't want Atem to be lost after he died.

"Yugi." Atem nudged his leg, drawing him back to the present. The dragon gave an awkward smile before hissing as he shifted his awkward position. "It might happen; it's not definite. And it wouldn't be because I gave my heart to you."

The prince calmed himself, giving a faint whimper as he rested his head back against the dragon. Atem tried to gather the prince closer, growling when he position on the ground wouldn't allow him to. With a snort of disgust, Atem drew magic from the ground and shifted forms. Yugi sat up at the first brush of magic, tilting his head to the side as Atem shrunk, emerging from the black tendrils as a human on the forest floor. The former dragon shook out his limbs, peeking over his shoulder to give Yugi a smile.

Yugi gasped, his heart beginning to pound in double time as he watched his lover. Atem noticed his look and motioned him down, taking a seat on the forest floor before lying back, exposing himself totally to Yugi's gaze. The prince bit down on his bottom lip, catching a moan before it could escape.

Damn that dragon! He always knew how to get him riled up, and he shamelessly used it to his advantage; like now. Part of him wanted to ignore Atem, although he knew that he would end up down there with the dragon anyway, even if it was just harmless cuddling. But another part of him preyed to the gods that Atem would never stop having this affect on him.

The prince quickly moved from his place on the dead tree, jumping onto Atem as soon as he was close enough. The dragon laughed as he caught Yugi, rolling over so he was pressing the prince to the ground. "Good try, my heart. But not good enough."

"You should be exhausted after flying all day." Yugi whined, raising an eyebrow to show that he was saying things in jest. "Why can't you let me get you just once?"

"That would hurt my pride as a dragon, love." The endearment was spoken as Atem nuzzled his neck, pulling back to kiss the tip of Yugi's nose in passing. "And I couldn't possibly do that."

"Oh no. We can't have that." Yugi laughed as he pressed one hand to Atem's chest, pushing slightly to show that he wanted to get up. Atem sighed and let him up, still holding him close. Yugi snuggled closer to Atem's warmth, wondering how the dragon stood the chill that was still in the air. He rested his head on Atem's shoulder, looking into the dragon's red eyes from that vantage point. "Are you really tired from flying?"

"Just a bit." Atem shrugged, the move jostling Yugi. The former dragon gave an apologetic smile for the action, to which Yugi replied with a roll of his eyes before he spun Atem around so he could reach his back. He rested his hands on Atem's shoulders, staring at the tanned back in front of him. Briefly, his fingers tightened as he felt a bolt of lust pass through him at the sight. The prince forced himself to focus before beginning to massage the man's shoulders. Atem gave a grunt of surprise and tipped his head to the side. Yugi slowed his kneading motions, shifting as he tried to see Atem's face. "Does it hurt?"

"Yes." Yugi was about to take his hands away when Atem leaned back, resting his head on Yugi's shoulder, red eyes wide and pleading. "Don't stop."

The breathy quality of the man's voice made Yugi shiver, tipping his head back as Atem nuzzled his neck, allowing the other full access. He felt Atem smile against his skin, shivering again at the warm breath that ghosted across his neck. He knew that he had just put himself at Atem's mercy, but found that he didn't care. One of his hands slipped from Atem's shoulder to stroke over the former dragon's arm. He whimpered and pressed himself closer to his lover, needing to feel his warmth. He clung more tightly as Atem shifted backwards, moving so he was nearly in Yugi's lap, still lavishing attention on Yugi's neck. "Please, my heart, never stop."

Yugi was sure that they were no longer talking about his feeble attempt at a massage. He pushed Atem back upright with a groan, hearing a similar sound issuing from the former dragon. He forced his hands back to Atem's shoulders and resumed the kneading motions. Atem moaned and slumped forward, arching his back to press more of his skin into Yugi's touch. The human smirked and leaned forward to press a kiss to Atem's shoulder; slowly beginning to move his hands down Atem's back. The former dragon gave a soft whine, earning a chuckle from the prince. "You like that?"

"Yes. Yugi, please, lower."

The prince complied, his self control rapidly crumbling as Atem continued to respond to the treatment. Yugi abruptly stopped his motions and rested his forehead against Atem, wrapping an arm around Atem's chest to keep him from moving. "You're teasing me."

"Me?" Yugi looked up to see a mischievous glint in Atem's eyes. "Never."

Yugi scoffed and held Atem closer, shuddering at the contact. "Liar."

Atem chuckled. "Well, I never intend to, but you respond so well. And the results…"

What little control Yugi had snapped. One hand turned Atem's head so he could kiss the former dragon, tongue delving into the other's mouth as his other hand began to run down the former dragon's chest, playing with a nipple before moving down to his side. All too soon, Atem was writhing in his embrace, breathing heavily with the stimulation. He gave a whine as Yugi began to brush his fingers lightly across the former dragon's hip, pulling away from the kiss and panting for breath. Yugi gave Atem's neck a loving nip before pulling away, quickly shedding his own clothes and pouncing on Atem as soon as the annoying clothing was out of his way. He pressed himself against Atem, moaning when his lover's hand closed around his erection, giving the hardened flesh a firm stroke.

"You're just trying to make me lose it." Yugi gasped as Atem chuckled, the hand around his member giving a squeeze.

"I never see this side of you." Atem turned his hand to demand another kiss, leaning his head back on the prince's shoulder as Yugi bucked into the hand that was stroking his member. He heard the dragon laugh, head turning so he could whisper into his ear. "And, frankly, I love it."

Yugi gave another moan, his breath catching halfway through the sound at Atem's chuckle. The former dragon gave his neck a playful nip before going back to whispering in Yugi's ear. "You're in charge this time. How do you want me?"

The prince flushed at the words, whimpering as Atem sat back up, all contact with the warm body disappearing with that movement. Yugi shot forward, wrapping his hands around Atem's stomach and pulling him back, earning a short laugh from the dragon that quickly turned into a moan as Yugi rubbed himself against Atem's backside. The former dragon turned his head, Yugi taking the moment to pull him into a kiss, arms tightening briefly around Atem's stomach before relaxing. He pulled back only when he needed air. Yugi gasped for breath, smiling faintly at the sounds of his lover panting.

He nuzzled Atem's neck, enjoying the soft keen that came from the former dragon at the motion. One of his hands began to trail down Atem's thigh, giving a breathy chuckle as the former dragon writhed, trying to bring Yugi attention to another part of his body. Yugi pressed a kiss to Atem's neck in apology. "Like this. Just like this."

Atem had no argument.

Mahad vaulted from his horse and ran for Tèa's small house, nearly running into Tristan as the brunette stepped out of the entryway. The two men blinked at each other before they both blurted out "Is it true?" at the same time.

The knight took a step back nodding as he worked under the assumption that Tristan was talking about the same thing he was. "I saw the dragons myself, in the distance." He withheld the fact that he had recognized the coloration of one of them. There was no mistaking the red tints to the otherwise black dragon. It had returned after a year, daring to show its face where Mahad lived. What did the dragon want from the knight? There was no way for that trust to be gained back. "But I'll take care of them. They are on my father's land."

His stern expression faltered as he looked at Tristan, the peasant obviously having no idea what Mahad was talking about. The knight took a step back as Tristan thought over the news, glancing back into the shack with worry. They were all in danger if there were dragons in the area, especially with the creatures fleeing from those that hunted them. It would be best if Tèa and the child stayed in the village.

Mahad's train of thought trailed off as Tristan stared at the ground, expecting another reaction to his news. The man just shrugged before looking up at the knight. "I thought that you would have been the first to know."

"Know what?"

"A kid came from the next village over, spreading the news that he said came over the boarder from a kid over there. He said that this news came from a respected source, a white haired man who was there when this happened."

Mahad stared at Tristan, his mouth dropping open. A white haired man? That was either Bakura or Ryou, which meant that this news had to be trustworthy. The two were the closest things he had to allies he had in this world, especially without the support of the royal family. Even after abandoning them, Mahad was sure that they would side with him in the end. He tried to urge Tristan on with his eyes, his voice not working anymore. He was confused as Tristan refused to speak for a while before sighing.

"They said to spread the news that Gozaburo has dragons fighting on his side and that they will attack villages. Apparently, the original message came from a village that had been attacked." Tristan looked at Mahad before turning his head to look at the entryway to the shack, shifting so he was out of the direct line of sight. "They say that they saw Yugi."

"What?"

"Yugi was there, and he commanded a dragon to defend them." Tristan gave a shrug at the end, obviously having reached the end of his news. "I just want to know if it is true before I tell Tèa. It might kill her if hope is stolen away again."

Mahad stumbled back a step, his mind rushing as he tried to process the information. The dragon that Yugi insisted they save appears; flying in the wake of rumors that Yugi was still alive. That creature would have never left Yugi alone, no matter what. It proved a better protector for the prince at the last minute. And Yugi had been reported to command a dragon. It had to be the same one. There were too many coincidences for this not to be true.

Which meant that Yugi was still alive.

The knight turned and ran for his horse, startling the brown animal as he quickly untied it and swung up onto its back. He turned the animal around, glancing back at Tristan before giving a quick nod. "I'm going to check up on these. Keep Tèa inside and have everyone on alert for a dragon, no matter what the color. Get everyone out if the dragon attacks and keep that child safe!"

He kicked the horse into a gallop, leaning over the horse's neck as it ran down the muddied tracks of the village. He barely heard the yelps of the other villagers as they ducked out of the way to avoid his reckless ride, too focused on what might be ahead of him.

Yugi, the one member of the royal family that he had failed utterly. He had forgiven himself for all his other mistakes, cleansing them by the care of Tèa and her infant. But the actions that had lead to the supposed end of Yugi's life could never be forgiven, even by the prince himself. The weight that this guilt caused still tormented the knight, sometimes keeping him from sleeping. Because then he would see Yugi being skewered again and he would be even more helpless than he had been originally. But this was his one chance to ease some of that weight.

If Yugi was alive, then it was only the failure of keeping him unscathed. That was infinitely more bearable.

He glanced up at the sky, watching as evening fell, the sun beginning to sink below the horizon, and calculated where the dragon would have gone. It had been heading in the direction of the thicker forest, which placed it very close to the village, but still hidden. Mahad shivered at the thought of a dragon lurking. If he hadn't seen the creature then he wouldn't have known.

Without a pause, he sent his horse galloping into the forest, giving a curse as it quickly became too thick for the animal to get through easily. He jumped from his horse's back, tying the animal to the nearest branch before rushing into the undergrowth himself, forgetting that he had left his sword on the pommel of his saddle.

Mahad raced awkwardly through the undergrowth, pausing to catch his breath and listen. It was still early in the spring, so there were too few animals to base the location of the dragon off the lack of sound. Nor would there be a trail to follow, since the creature would probably decide to linger in one spot. He gritted his teeth, resisting the urge to punch a tree, instead leaning against the trunk and gasping for breath. He was so close; his quarry was just out of his reach. The knight slid down to the ground, kneeling against the tree, nails digging into his palm.

He wanted to see Yugi badly, to be able to actually talk to the man who was like his own son instead of relying on the memories of conversations they had once had. Even those were fading, details disappearing and leaving him feeling empty. Had he really forgotten exactly how Yugi's smile looked or how his amethyst eyes sparkled when he was taught something new? He could catch glimpses of the once plentiful instances, but it was never enough. Sighing, Mahad stood up from the tree, absently brushing off his pants before moving further into the skeletal undergrowth, his search no longer as desperate as before.

With his thoughts turned inward, he almost walked out into the large open space, ignorant to the two that already occupied it. It was only the sound of a painfully familiar voice that made him stop.

"Oh, gods, Atem." His head snapped up at the pleasure filled words, his mouth dropping open at the sight before him.

Mahad instantly recognized Yugi out of the two men who were kneeling in the clearing, the prince behind the tanner version of himself. Neither of them had spotted the knight, probably because they were too engrossed in each other. Mahad tensed as Yugi raised his head from the man's shoulder, realizing that he was in plain sight. He took a slow step back, trying to keep himself from yelling at the prince. This was not the proper behavior for a king. He was supposed to be showing an interest in women, not fucking men. But the knight was ready to let the action go this once, considering that Yugi was alive at all was a miracle.

He quickly ducked behind a tree as Yugi began to move, not wanting to see his prince commit this act. He had thought that Yugi was interested in women, knowing that the prince was no blushing virgin. Although, the knowledge that Mahad could count the women that Yugi had been with on one hand contradicted that fact. The knight let out a sigh, the air hissing out between his clenched teeth. At least this problem had solved itself before Yugi had taken the throne. The prince already had one heir and could probably sire another one soon enough, leaving him to entertain himself with whatever manner of lover he desired.

A scream of pleasure had him peeking around the tree and wishing he hadn't as he got a glimpse of Atem with his head thrown back as Yugi reached around the other's side to stroke his penis. Mahad shook his head and ducked around the tree, trying and failing to get the image out of his head. While he didn't mind the idea of two men loving each other like this, it didn't mean that the knight particularly enjoyed having the evidence right in front of him. Mahad relished in his self imposed ignorance.

"My heart…Yugi…please." The prince must have muttered something to his lover, because Mahad didn't hear the response to the pleading, only the scream of pleasure that followed. "YUGI!"

Mahad didn't hear Yugi follow the other man into his climax; too busy pressing his hands to his ears. Normally, he wouldn't have stayed to watch, instead finding another spot to wait for his charge. But the fear of losing Yugi against had kept him close, much to his embarrassment. Taking a deep breath, the knight peeked around the tree, leaning against the trunk for support.

The two men were still panting as they recovered from their orgasms, Yugi vaguely stroking Atem's side with a frown. His lover turned his head to the side, probably whispering a question because Mahad heard only heard Yugi respond, and then only barely. "I miss it."

Atem gave a shaky smile, now resting his head back on Yugi's shoulder. "I know, love, but I would kill you any other way."

Yugi moaned at the shift, his reply slightly muffled by the skin of Atem's neck as he turned to kiss it. "The sacrifices I make for you."

Atem laughed and pulled away from Yugi. The prince whimpered at the action, wrapping his arms around himself as Atem stood up. The prince seemed to be thinking over something, tapping a finger against his arm before he looked up at his lover. "Why do I have to choose between cuddling and you?"

The smile came back to Yugi's face as Atem knelt down by Yugi, gently nuzzling the juncture between his neck and shoulder. Shadows danced up the man's arms, tangling around Yugi as well. The prince gasped, shivering before letting out a groan as the shadows stroked over his body before retreating, concentrating on the man in front of him. The silhouette of the man shifted, stretching out until it resembled the outline of a dragon before the shadows disappeared, leaving the familiar black and red scaled dragon.

Mahad could only stare as the dragon let out a low purr, continuing to nuzzle Yugi as he wrapped himself around the prince. Yugi reached up, resting one arm along the dragon's head as the creature settled to the ground, arranging itself so that Yugi was pressed close to Atem's chest, nestled between his forelegs. The dragon shifted his head then, raising its head so it was over Yugi's shoulder, the purr continuing as Yugi stroked him. "Is that better, my heart?"

"Yes." Yugi tried to wiggle away from the dragon's hold, eyes falling shut as it kept him in place. "Although the purring…" The sound increased at the mention, making Yugi bite his lower lip to keep a sound from escaping. "Should stop…"

"Really now?" The dragon moved his muzzle, gently licking Yugi's neck. It paused for a moment before lowing drawing the tip of its tongue down Yugi's chest, making the prince squirm.

"Atem." Yugi tried to push the dragon away, his halfhearted attempts failing as he moaned, allowing the dragon to do as he wished. His constant mutters of the dragon's name continued, running into one word as the dragon came closer to the prince's reawakened erection.

Mahad tensed as the dragon suddenly looked up, head lifting away from Yugi as it scanned the area. The knight gulped and stepped back behind his tree, pressing himself back against the trunk and hoping that the dragon had not seen him. One hand reached for his sword, closing on air. Mahad looked down, muffling a groan of annoyance as he realized where his sword was, back with his horse. He hit the back of his head against the tree, silently cursing himself for being an idiot.

"Atem? What's wrong?" The dragon snorted in response, the sound making Mahad go still again.

"If you wish to live, I suggest you show yourself now, human." Yugi mumbled something that Mahad couldn't hear, being shushed immediately by the dragon. "I can smell you here. Now, show yourself!"

The knight hesitated a moment more before walked out into the clearing, keeping his eyes glued to the ground as he approached the two. He nearly stopped when he felt the angry gaze of the dragon on him, only walking forward because he heard Yugi gasp. "Mahad?"

He looked up at the prince, watching as the prince scrambled for his clothes, finally accepting them from the dragon. Mahad let Yugi pull on his pants before the knight crossed his arms, radiating disapproval. Yugi blushed, glancing away for a second before meeting the gaze, something new from the prince. Usually Yugi would refuse to make eye contact for as long as the scolding would last, blushing the entire time. Mahad hesitated, wondering what to do about this new development before deciding that he didn't care. Yugi was still alive and he was here.

Mahad rushed over to Yugi, pulling the surprised prince into a hug. He ignored the snarl of rage as the dragon interpreted the move as an attack, clinging tightly to the one he thought he had lost. The knight fought back tears, hating the way his voice cracked as he spoke. "It's true. You're really here. Yugi, I thought I'd lost you."

"Mahad…" He was pulled away from the prince, hesitation obvious in the purple eyes before Yugi allowed Mahad to hug him again, this time returning the hug. "I'm sorry."

"No, I'm sorry. I should have been there with you. I should have been able to protect you, but I failed." The knight pulled away, letting his arms fall back to his sides as he examined the prince. Yugi was still the same as he remembered, although he had some burn marks on his shoulders from time spent out in the sun. There was also a large scar on the left side of his chest, the skin eerily glossy. Mahad clenched his hands by his side at the obvious reminder of his failure, but found himself staring at the scar. It reminded him too much of another scar he had witnessed, in the exact same place. He brushed his hand across the skin, frowning as Yugi stumbled away, the prince hastily pulling on his shirt.

Mahad curled in fingers back to his palm, brow furrowing as he continued to stare at the prince, his gaze never leaving the place the scar was, the skin now hidden under Yugi's shirt. Yugi had been stabbed through the heart; the knight knew that because he still saw the moment in his nightmares, still woke up screaming. That was fatal, he knew that. He had seen the same injury once before, and the person had lived only because Aislinn had taken pity on them. Had taken them to a dragon. The knight looked up at the dragon quickly, looking between the beast and Yugi. He glared at the dragon, marching right up to the creature and only stopping when it lowered its head to stare back at him. "Set him free."

"What?"

"I don't know what kind of twisted magic you used on him, but I order you to let Yugi go now." Mahad tensed at the growl from the dragon, ignoring the warning as he turned to point at the prince. "You cannot control him any longer. His people need him! As his protector, I order you to let him go!"

"I refuse." The dragon pulled Yugi close, the prince not fighting the beast as he was pressed up against the black scales. Mahad took a step back as the dragon raised a wing over the prince, the creature obviously keeping him from Mahad.

"You have no choice. We need him to be king. We need him to lead the people against Gozaburo."

"I only have one heart to give, knight!" The dragon snarled, looking back as Yugi emerged from the shelter that the dragon had created with his wing. The prince glared at Mahad before laying a hand on the dragon's side, the motion indicating what side he had chosen to support. The dragon sighed at the contact, the initial ferocity in its eyes disappearing. "And I will not see Yugi like that again."

"Yugi…" Mahad hadn't even heard the dragon's final statement, too busy staring at the prince as he deserted him. Yugi glanced at the ground before looking up against and slowly shaking his head. The knight stepped forward, any further motions towards the prince deterred by a low growl from the dragon.

"As long as I live, I will protect my people, but not as their king." Yugi spoke the words slowly, seeming to think over every one before it was voiced aloud. "I've got a new life, Mahad, and a family-"

"What about your mother, Yugi? What about the queen? How do you expect me to tell her that you have run away from all of this?"

There was a sudden silence from the dragon, the nearly continual rumble stopping as the dragon pulled its head up. It blinked slowly before glancing down at Yugi, the ferocity suddenly gone, lowering his head so the tip of his muzzle rested on Yugi's shoulder. Mahad paused at the motion, staring as the dragon went abruptly from aggressive to caring. "Love-"

"Don't call him that!"

The dragon ignored Mahad's outburst, Yugi slowly turning to face the dragon, losing contact with the creature. Its red eyes darted away for a moment before meeting Yugi's again, the creature giving a long sigh. "I should have told you this earlier but things got complicated quickly. I am sorry. Your mother was killed the night he captured my father…the night you ran away. I'm sorry. I wasn't there in time."

Mahad stiffened at the news, not doubting the dragon's words. Of course the beast would withhold that information from them, just to see the humans that it held under its thrall suffer. A creature would never lie about anything like this. He looked up as Yugi gave a pained whimper, swaying in place as his violet eyes suddenly became unfocused. Mahad felt an ache in his heart as he looked at his prince, knowing that Yugi had been closer to his mother than his father, since the former king had been busy. Aislinn had been a steady feature for all of Yugi's life in the castle, always there for him. And they had both thought that she would be there when he got back.

The knight took a step forward as Yugi seemed to come back to himself, wrapping his arms around himself. "She's…Killed?"

He took a step forward, ready for the hug that Yugi was sure to demand. The prince couldn't have grown out of that in this short amount of time. Mahad came to a shocked stop as Yugi stumbled forward to the dragon, the creature shifting so that Yugi was leaning against it. It lowered its head, pressing it against Yugi's side as Yugi shuddered against it. Mahad took a step back, staring at the scene before him in confusion and horror. Why would Yugi turn to the creature before one of his own kind? Even if the creature had a hold on Yugi's mind, the prince should have turned to something familiar instead of foreign. His hands clenched into fists as he watched them. None of this was right.

The dragon rubbed his head against Yugi, a soft trill coming from the creature. "I'm sorry, so sorry, love."

"Don't call him that!" The dragon turned his head around at the shout, now noticing the command from the knight. The creature hissed, never pulling too far from Yugi. Mahad glared at the dragon, wishing that he could just plunge his sword into the creature's heart, but that would just tear Yugi away from him again. Emboldened by the lack of further reaction from the dragon, Mahad walked forward, intending on pulling Yugi away from the creature. "He already has a child and a woman that loves him. He's not yours."

He snatched his outstretched hand back as the dragon snapped at it, retreating quickly as the beast stood up and began to advance towards him. Mahad swallowed as he saw flames flickering in the creature's mouth, wishing that he had brought his sword. He found himself unable to look away from the crimson eyes of the dragon as the creature spoke. "He already has a mate, human. He is mine and no one else's! No power on this earth will be able to take him away from me."

Mahad flinched, raising an arm over his head and peeking out from under the limb as the dragon raised its head, mouth open and ready to breath his flame. The knight tensed, hand again groping for the sword that wasn't there in the small hope that he had been wrong the first time. He was so preoccupied with his imminent demise that he almost didn't hear Yugi's voice whisper, "Atem."

The dragon stopped its attack, snapping its mouth shut and seeming to swallow before it looked down at Yugi, enraged crimson eyes softening. Mahad relaxed from his defensive stance, looking in awe at Yugi, who was standing by the dragon with one hand pressed to the creature's leg, the other still wrapped around him. The dragon immediately lay back down on the ground, stretching out a wing invitingly. Yugi gave a nod before shuffling into the shelter. The dragon glared at Mahad and snorted once before ducking his head under his wing.

In the sudden silence, Mahad found himself staring at the dragon, trembling as he realized what had happened. Yugi had saved him from death, but had still chosen the dragon over everything else. Frustrated, he ran a hand through his hair and stormed back through the undergrowth, seeking his horse. Still stewing, Mahad untied the animal and mounted, roughly turning it back toward his father's home before giving its sides a harsh kick. Automatically, he leaned forward as the horse galloped out of the woods, snorting as Mahad urged it even faster, not really caring that it was almost too dark for him to see properly.

Yugi had chosen the dragon over him, over all his people.

The dragon had saved him by putting half of his poisoned heart in Yugi, turning his mind away from everything he loved and offered a perfect body for Yugi to lust after, trapping what remained of his heart. How easily the prince had been won by that creature. Mahad growled at the thought, knowing that Yugi would have never done this if he had been in his right mind. It was obvious that Yugi was under the thrall of the creature. And Mahad had to get him out before Yugi forgot who he was entirely.

He looked up as his horse slowed, intending to kick the animal again, when he realized that he was close to his father's house. The knight winced and steered his horse around the small village where Tèa and her son were living. He couldn't face them right now; the news could wait until he figured out what to do about Yugi. There was no way that he would allow Tèa to live under the false hope that he could return the prince to his normal state, it was better that she continue be ignorant.

The soft sound of his horse's hooves over wood shook him from his thoughts, the knight looking up at the manor that was before him. He steered his horse over the small bridge and toward the stables, numbly slipping from the animal's back and stripping the saddle from it. Mahad led the horse into his stall, removing the bridle before putting the tack on the ground, making a mental note to clean his equipment in the morning. He left the stable, leaving his sword still attached to the pommel. He was suddenly too tired to care. Mahad ran a hand over his face before entering his father's house, avoiding the main rooms before jogging up to his room.

He stripped down to his pants before flopping into his bed, wrapping the blanket around himself and staring out through the small window at the stars. A memory of doing the same thing when he was little came across his mind before he dismissed it. He didn't want to think about the past right now, because then it would bring up horrible memories. He groaned and flipped the blanket over his head, knowing that he was reacting childishly to Yugi's defection, but he couldn't help it. All his hopes and dreams had been shattered in an instant, and he was out plans.

Read and review please. Criticism is always welcome.